The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and me, an advice show for the modern
era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis the McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby, 30 under 30 boy, Griffin McElroy. Disturbing, disturbing brother news.
Hey y'all, y'all heard about this story? That's uh, yeah, so that's-
Tell me if you heard this one before. Yeah, so you heard this story,
uh, you heard this one in the news. What voice are you doing?
Yeah, it's me, it's me, uh, Jeremy Leno. Doesn't sound like Jeremy Leno at all.
No, it's me, Jeremy Leno. Yeah, you heard this story, yeah.
Paul Gosar is a congressman in Arizona and, um, he is running for re-election against,
uh, a Mr. Brill and- I believe it's a doc- a Dr. Brill.
Doctor, if you will. Which Dr. Brill sounds like kind of like,
um, like a mid-90s Sierra, like, adventure game. Like, the mind puzzle island of Dr. Brill.
Dr. Brill's prison of puzzles. I should also say, uh, after I saw what we
were about to discuss, I did a quick search on Paul Gosar and he seems to fucking suck.
Yeah, he sucks the- sucks the moon right out of the sky, yeah.
But, he- I think we can all agree on this one, he is the victim.
Well- I think in this one he's the victim,
because what we have in this one is Dr. David Brill gets six of-
Travis and I knew about this, Justin is coming in hot, he literally just watched this video, so-
I'm coming in hot and it's the most savage thing, if you haven't watched it,
look up- just- just google Paul Gosar is not working for you long.
Uh, and I think it's long version, not like some weird, uh-
Not like ever long. Yeah, ever long.
Um, but anyway, they get six of this fool's siblings to come in the commercial and say
that he's an idiot, and like, we get to dunk on him, six brothers and sisters, six siblings,
to come on and say, hey listen, you know my brother? He's a dipshit.
And you really shouldn't vote for him, he sucks the moon.
Clean out of the sky, take it from me, and they don't-
The good part is, the good good part is, they don't reveal who the people are,
versus just like, uh, for the first person it's like, a medical worker,
and then somebody's like, uh, a coach or something,
and then somebody's like, a private investigator? What?
Why? Why is his opinion important? Yeah.
And then it's like, my name is Bill Gosar, and it's like, oh shit, it's dunking time.
So here's what I want you guys to promise me.
Promise that no matter what a fucko I turn into,
let's just all promise that we'll never do this to each other, please.
Do you mean specifically this thing? Like, specifically-
Specifically appear in a campaign ad against our brother.
For Dr. Brill.
For Dr. No.
See, and this is what I'm coming at this from,
is I'm afraid that Dr. Brill has gotten a rush, a high, off of this incredible-
Go back and watch the ad if you just watched it,
and then look at his face and his wife's face there at the very end.
It is fucking decadent, their little look.
I think that this is the biggest rush this dude's ever gotten,
and now all he's gonna wanna do is pit siblings against siblings in public venues.
Do you think he reached out to them, or do you think they reached out to him?
Because either way, I really wanna hear that phone call of just like,
hey, you know how my brother sucks?
Do you want me to do a commercial for you?
Oh, I don't think that's necessary.
No, no, no, we already shot it.
We already shot it, get up in here.
It does raise the question, did this guy call-
One of two things happened to poor Paul Gosar.
Who sucks.
Who sucks shit.
Who sucks shit, but is really the victim here on this one.
Who could have got 360 dunked on so hard?
He got 360 no-scoped by six siblings all at the same time.
One of two things happened.
Either Dr. David Brill got a phone call as like, hey, it's me, Dan Gosar.
You know my brother?
I fucking hate him.
You wanna-
Let's roll.
Let's roll, let's do this thing.
You got the camera, I got the words.
Let's do this, baby.
And then Dr. David Brill hung up the phone.
He's like, that was fucking weird.
And then immediately his phone rings again.
Hey, it's Greg Gosar.
Fuck my brother, for real though.
Let's go, let's do it.
I would like to believe that it went like this,
like Dr. David Brill called Dan Gosar and Dan Gosar said,
okay, hold on.
Let me conference in five other-
Let me get off the other Gosars.
Valerie, I just got the strangest call.
You're not gonna believe it, but I got a bing, bing.
No fucking way.
No fucking way is it popping off again.
For real?
Hey, it's Valerie Gosar.
My brother's a dip shit.
Let's go.
Let's melt this fool.
Let's melt my brother.
I just unfa-
The other option is,
the other option is maybe just like,
maybe Wilder is like, bing, bing, bing, bing.
This is Vicky Gosar's office.
Hey, it's Dr. David Brill.
We all know your brother sucks shit.
Does he suck bad enough where you'd get on TV and do it to get fun?
Oh, definitely.
Oh yeah, for sure.
And actually, it's weird that you call right now,
I'm having lunch with five of my brothers and sisters.
We all hate this idiot.
It's actually our monthly meeting of the ones of us
that hate Wilder Gosar, our brother.
Every Wednesday, we go to Applebee's
and we get their $2 cocktails
and the little pudding shooters that they have there at the end
and we talk about how big a shithead our brother is
and how bad we hate him and want to talk about it on video.
It's a shame mom and dad are out of town right now.
They fucking hate him.
Oh, they're going to be so sad they missed this opportunity.
I wish grandma hadn't passed away
because her dying words were, fuck Paul Gosar.
I hate that idiot.
Oh my God.
I promise you, Justin,
I will specifically never do this thing to you.
Now that's not to say that if you end up being a real fucko,
that I won't like do a web series about it or something,
but I will not do a campaign ad
in which it is only revealed at the end that I am your brother,
but I've been talking shit about you the whole time.
I will not do that to you.
Unless.
Unless.
Unless.
Travis and I get a call from Dr. David Brill.
I'm just saying it's not outside the realm of possibilities.
I hear he's very convincing.
Actually, when he made the call,
these six siblings loved their brother
and by the end of the call, they were like,
yeah, you know what?
You're right, Dr. David Brill.
Fuck my brother.
Vote David Brill, I guess, just cause he did the raddest thing.
The raddest thing I've ever seen.
That's how we decide this, is the raddest melting.
Folks, this is an advice show by brothers,
but for everyone, if I may be so bold.
And what we do on My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
we've been doing the dang thing since 2010.
You know, UID always talks about their history
and I feel like we don't brag enough
about how long we've been in the game.
But this is-
That's because there's so many people
who have been at it longer than us.
If we were the first, or even in the top thousand,
I think that we could roll on that.
This is the 426th time we've done this
and I think that that's worth something, anything.
If you like the show, this is the time.
Share it with a friend.
Please, we really appreciate it.
Anyway, wanted to say thank you to you.
We don't say that enough up front.
Thank you to you.
But what do we need from you?
Your questions.
And then we try to answer them.
MBMBAM at MaximumFun.org
And let's get into the first one.
Right now, it goes a little something like this.
Dear brothers, I am currently in a long-distance relationship
and my boyfriend recently started watching Game of Thrones.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
We're also very proud.
Since I am not there to watch it with him,
I frequently ask how far he's come along.
Brothers, I recently discovered
that this man started with season four
and then watched season six, one, three, two, five, and seven.
What?
In that order.
Now, he is showing the show to his brother,
but instead of even this convoluted mess,
he is showing the show to his brother by character storyline.
What?
I'm talking all of Ned Stark's scenes
followed by all of Robb Stark's scenes and so on.
What?
Oh, and not all of the characters.
He cuts out the ones he doesn't feel are important like Joffrey.
My question is this.
How can I get my boyfriend to stop living in chaos
and watch the shows in the order they were intended?
And that's from sincerely watching as God intended in Washington, D.C.
This is unfathomable to me.
This is unbelievable.
Here's the thing.
Okay, yes, the watching the seasons all out of order
just seems unnecessarily chaotic,
but the scene thing seems like so much work.
It seems like a lot of work.
It seems like he probably read something on Reddit
or something like that that was like,
this is the true way to experience it.
This reminds me, our former boss at Polygon, Chris Grant,
close friend, trusted advisor,
eats his dinner one meal component at a time.
Whenever you go to dinner with him,
if he has peas and mashed potatoes and a chicken on his plate,
he will eat all the peas before moving on to the next thing.
The idea of doing this with any sort of entertainment property,
doing this with like the star,
this is how I watched the Star Wars movies.
It's the only correct way.
You start with Anakin, keep going.
Oops, Luke's in this one.
He's in this scene, but don't look at Luke.
Don't look at Luke.
It's fucking, it's unbelievable.
Do you rewatch it with the other character's perspective
at that point where it's like,
now we're gonna watch the scene again
because it does have both Rob and Ned in it,
but imagine from Rob's perspective now,
you have so much more insight.
Now sit in that chair and look at it from this direction
because that's the way Rob's looking.
Don't you know who died?
Don't you know who died in the big fire?
If you start with season four,
you know who died in the big fight on the lake?
And I don't even understand,
you know who won the big duel in the sky castle?
Like why, do you know what I mean?
You know who died?
You know who kicked who down a big?
You know who kicked who down a big space hole?
It doesn't make any sense.
How do we tell this?
We need to do advice.
This is obviously a wild anecdote.
What can we do to like assert ourselves into the situation?
The problem I have found,
we had this issue when Sydney and I first got together.
We'd be in her apartment and she'd be like,
hey, this TV show is coming on.
And I was like, well, I've never seen the show before.
And she's like, well, do you just wanna watch it?
And then I would have to leave.
And it would be a couple of weeks
before we'd speak to each other again.
And then eventually we would patch things up.
But this is a persistent problem.
The problem that you get into is
anytime you try to enforce rules
or like even your opinions onto something this trivial,
you come off sounding petty.
Like it seems like a petty thing to argue about with somebody
about how they're watching Game of Thrones,
even though it's obviously the biggest possible deal.
Yeah, this person is the Joker.
They've made up their mind.
Yes, they know what they're doing.
Here's what you can do though.
And it's a little sneaky and technically a lie,
which is a sin, which you're gonna have to ask forgiveness.
But you take the season one discs,
put them in the season four box,
the two discs into the six box,
the three into the one,
the four into the three,
the five into the two,
the six into the five and the seven can stay put.
At least they're watching this seventh season correct.
At least by the time they arrive at seven,
all the pieces are together and not in any kind of order.
They've jammed like a nubbin of the puzzle piece
straight into the flat side of the puzzle piece.
But at least by the time they get to seven,
they know what they're doing.
Unless you do a little switcherooney.
Who's the friend that like, oh no, sorry, brother,
that your boyfriend is watching this and the brother's like,
I'm okay with this system too.
Hi, my name is Ted Gosar
and my brother showed me Game of Thrones out of order
and you should vote for his opponent in this next election.
Anyone else?
Anyone else vote for literally anybody else
than my monster brother.
I got a Yahoo here.
It was sent in by like everybody ever, thank you.
It's from an anonymous Yahoo Answers user.
I'm gonna call them football.
Football asks,
why do people keep giving their children names
that are already in use?
Millions of people have the name John.
We do not need anyone else named John.
Oh.
So what this person's suggesting is kind of like MMORPG rules
where it's like, sorry, there's already a John Plymouth.
Sorry.
You can be John underscore underscore 420.
That's still available.
You can be underscore XX underscore Yankees with a Z.
Killa with an A underscore underscore XX, 1999.
No, sorry, that just got taken.
Oh, that one got taken too.
Shit, by family in New York, of course.
Shit, man.
And wow, I didn't even think about that, Travis.
I was thinking like we'd have to get sort of unusual
with our sort of names.
Like, you know, John.
Okay, that one's new.
But what you seem to be suggesting is IRL gamer tags.
Yeah, like John one.
No, John one's taken.
Okay, can we suggest John and it's three Js.
It's a zero for the H.
John is still available.
Like, okay.
What do you think, honey?
Well, my father's name was DeJohn.
Yeah, DeJohn.
Like Martian Manhunter.
I had a moment, this reminded me of a moment
where I had to sign up for the Screen Actors Guild this week
so we could be in the Trolls movie.
And there is this place in there for your legal name
and a space for your professional name.
And I didn't really understand the differentiation.
But because if you're in SAG, only one member per name, please.
Like, you can't have the same member.
So that's why a lot of times you'll see people
throw in like initials or like,
I think it's why Michael Keaton changed his name,
which was originally Michael Douglas, I believe.
And there was already Michael Douglas in Screen Actors Guild
so he had to change it.
And they called me on the phone and they said,
you have some inconsistencies here.
There are some times where for your professional name,
you've written Justin Tyler McElroy.
And I did have definitely had a moment where I was like,
if I'm going to reinvent myself as a three-name man,
this is the moment to do it,
where I'll have to be listed in everything as
and Justin Tyler McElroy.
Not unlike Jonathan Taylor Thomas, if you will,
something like that.
But I passed on the energy.
Can you imagine Home Improvement starring John Thomas?
Can you imagine Man of the House starring John Thomas?
I'll be home for Christmas with Hollywood heartthrob,
John Thomas.
Do you think Zachary Ty Bryant initially planned Ty in there?
Or do you think he was like,
he heard Jonathan Taylor Thomas was like,
I'll use my middle name.
What is it?
Ty.
I didn't really think through it.
There's actually already a Zachary Tyler Bryant.
So how do you feel about Zachary B.?
No, we're not Zachary B.
But why are there so many fucking Johns?
Yeah, but why are there so many Johns?
We get it, everybody.
I think it's because every time a kid is born,
the parent looks at and goes,
you'll be the best John.
Yeah.
Up till now, the Johns have only been a prelude to you,
John Almighty.
You, the ultimate John.
Maybe we'll finally get it right with this John.
This John, we pin our hopes on you, John of the future.
Not like John Wilkes Booth.
What a shitty John.
That John ruined everything.
A few days ago, I was at a stoplight
and I noticed the car in front of me
had a bumper sticker that said,
honk if you love Girl Scout cookies.
I love me some girl-thin mince.
So of course I honked.
The lady driving the car
then proceeded to roll down her window,
flip me off and yell,
fuck you towards me.
She had that bumper sticker.
So I don't know why she got so upset that I honked.
Was I in the wrong?
That's from Mandy in Ann Arbor.
Obviously, Mandy, obviously,
that lady had that bumper sticker
because she hates Girl Scout cookies
and she wants to know who likes them.
Yeah.
So she can flip them off and tell them, fuck you.
I mean, there's an accident at the cookie factory
and a big thin mint fell on her husband.
And now she's been widowed by Girl Scout cookies.
And so to know who the enemies are-
landed on her husband, Thin Ben, now.
Now he's Thin Ben.
He's like Flat Stanley.
But now he's Thin Ben.
No, he died, guys.
It's not a funny joke.
But he died because he's very thin.
Do you get it?
Because he got squished.
So now he's thin, like Flat Stanley.
Did Flat Stanley die?
Flat Stanley did die, eventually.
Time still came for him even though he was a very flat boy.
Time still remembered how to find Flat Stanley.
He could mail himself all over the world,
but time would still find him and claim him.
I don't know.
She just forgot she had the bumper sticker, I guess.
She hadn't even heard about it.
No, that can't be it, Justin.
What would you shout at this lady?
But cookies!
Oh, right!
Oh, right.
Sorry.
That fucking bumper.
God, this happens every day.
Shit.
Oh, this is my brother's car.
I don't like-
I can't do gluten.
But Doug loves gluten.
Can't get enough of this stuff.
Maybe she was reacting to your kill all old ladies bumper sticker.
That you put on the front of your car.
That you put on the front and back and sides of your car.
Maybe that was the one where you have the bumper sticker that says,
stab all old ladies with their own knitting needles because they deserve it.
Maybe she was frustrated that you didn't see the bumper sticker
right next to the Girl Scout one that says,
honk if you know that I'm afraid of car horns.
That one's there as like a public service as a warning.
And then you have to weigh like,
oh man, I do love me some dosey dose,
but I do not want to freak this person.
They are driving a car right now.
Do you guys even-
I am really, really not the type to ever sort of answer one of these signs
for a signed answer at Little Caesars.
Honk if you love a $5 hot and ready, honk, honk, honk.
I would not honk at that,
even though I do enjoy a $5 hot and ready pizza from time to time.
I don't feel-
That's not what the horn is for.
And we've talked a lot about the horns, famously.
But I don't use mine for any purpose, even like voting like this.
You know what I mean?
So part of it is kind of on you.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I always wonder what people are getting out of that.
Like if I honk for thin mints, what does that mean for you?
I honk at labor unions when they're striking.
I'll honk at that because I love that kind of stuff.
See that?
Supportive.
So I did always wonder with people like that,
if they're getting a lot of support,
do you think there's a moment like midday through
where they kind of regret like,
I wish I could put on my sign like wave peacefully.
Wave in a calm, quiet manner if you support my cause
because I'm tired of getting honked at.
It's frankly extremely loud and upsetting.
Oh, did you maybe have a bumper sticker on your car
that says, flip me off and I'll fuck you
if you support labor unions?
Oh, that was probably it.
So we could be like bumper sticker that says,
what do you like on your pizza?
And I could say like, honk for just plain cheese, please.
Turn on your windshield wipers
if you like a little pineapple on there.
Turn your radio up real loud if you don't want sausage.
And flash the brights if there's a murderer in my backseat.
Why, why?
I was doing a fun pizza ordering thing
and you turn it into something scary.
Happy Halloween.
Do you think the person, okay,
so there was a day when cars were invented
and Harry T. Ford probably or something
and everybody was driving them
and getting buck wild in there.
I bet there was like a lot of wrecks
and stuff at the beginning.
I know a lot of people were getting drilled.
Probably back, probably back.
They're basically big rocking chairs
with silly big wheels on them.
Yeah, it was wild.
I think that whoever was in charge
of automobile safety back then,
do you think that on the day
someone invented bumper stickers,
that person who's in charge of automobile safety
was kind of like, well, I wish you hadn't.
Because are you fucking crazy?
What are you doing?
It's kind of like, you should watch.
You don't need reading material.
You're operating a motor vehicle.
Like maybe it's just like the bumper sticker should say,
please address the road.
We're sharing it together.
Please just be a little safer.
My roads down here is an arrow pointing down.
You know?
I just feel like it shouldn't be allowed.
I feel like it shouldn't be legal.
Okay, then let me hit you with this.
Audio bumper stickers.
Hands-free, eyes-free bumper stickers.
And it's gonna be allowed to get through
those thick windows that these cars have these days
to protect you from rain and bugs.
They're Bluetooth, they're Bluetooth, they're Bluetooth.
Oh, okay.
So it jacks into your-
Jacks into your Bluetooth and you drive past the car
and it's like, coexist, coexist, coexist.
I'm pretty sure we have exactly reached the same point
that we did at one point talking about horns,
which is just like you could like CB radio to each other
and be like, hey, fuck you.
And like, listen, I think maybe we just need our cars
to be able to talk to each other like in the film Cars.
Yeah, that's what we want, all the cars to be
in conversation applying against us.
No, thank you.
I'd rather they didn't.
You don't know that they'd plot against, right?
I think my car and I get along fine.
No, I'm saying that, yeah, but they get peer pressured into it.
Oh, that's probably true.
You know how cars are.
Yeah, that's my favorite scene in Cars
where Mater gets forced to try weed and all the cool cars.
Oh, whatever.
I'm not gonna watch Cars just to see that.
It makes it worth it, doesn't it?
That sounds fucking really funny,
but I was thinking about I should watch Cars.
You can find just a super cut of that scene
if you want on YouTube.
Just search Cars smoking weed, Mater, Larry the Cable Guy
tries weed for first time and you'll find it.
And well, make sure to search long after that.
Has Larry the Cable Guy ever done ASMR?
I need to Google it.
Hold on.
I never liked the let's Google this segment,
but for this, I am curious.
Here it is.
Let me, hold on, let me patch it in.
Hand me the aux cable juice.
All right.
Hey there, everybody.
It's me, Larry the Cable Man.
And I wanted to say, Lord, I apologize.
Get her done.
This is what it sounds like when I'm doing my good comedy
at the haircut place.
Snip, snip, snip, snip, Lord, I apologize.
Get her done.
This is nothing.
You're pretty sure?
I thought it was something somewhere in there,
but I think that it will be looked back on kindly
and we'll look back on it as we journey to the money zone.
Let's go.
I need to zip some recruits and I need to recruit some zips.
And if you're like me, you need to go to Zip Recruiter.
Job sites that overwhelm you with tons of wrong resumes.
That doesn't help.
That's not zip recruiting.
But there is a zippier way to recruit,
and that's at ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
Zip Recruiter's powerful matching technology
finds the right people for you
and actively invites them to apply.
It's no wonder that Zip Recruiter is rated number one
by employers in the US.
So right now, our listeners can try Zip Recruiter for free
at ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
That's ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
Juice, do you wanna do Squarespace?
You want me to do it, bud?
Ah, bud, I'd love to.
Here's a quick word from Squarespace.
What is it?
Squarespace or the quick word?
No, it's both.
It's Squarespace.
It's a website, but it's...
Okay, this one's tough.
Think about it for a second.
It's a website where you make other websites.
Excuse me?
Whoa.
Yeah, you can make a beautiful one.
Damn, that's fucking crazy, though.
Can you imagine a sandwich that makes other sandwiches?
I just watched Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs.
This is like that machine that makes water into food,
but for real.
And you need to be careful with that Squarespace
because it almost ended bad for them.
It's a good fucking flick, though.
Great fucking flick.
It's real good.
I like the scene where they convince the little monkey
to smoke weed through peer pressure.
How cool would it be if that shit was real, though?
If you could have a burger party that was so big.
At the park, you're just playing around,
and then there's a huge burger.
How fucking tight would that be?
Do you ever imagine a boardroom of tuxedoed executives
listening to our advertisements for their company?
Like, this is what we spent how much money on?
Squarespace, you knew what you were paying for,
or maybe you didn't,
but someone will tell you about it.
But what if your principal was being a real ding-dong
and a huge flapjack came and squooshed them?
Yes.
Squarespace, this happens when you buy in bulk.
You're not gonna get...
Not every podcast you choose is gonna be a winner.
No, they used to be good, but this ad's gone spoiled.
Just like the food, the big food that falls down in coffee.
I pictured the executives sitting around the boardroom
listening like, we've done it again!
And enjoying their big bags of money.
Please go enjoy Squarespace.
They're not gonna like this ad,
but if a lot of people go and buy the product because of...
Maybe when you go...
So you can go get the website technology that's awesome.
Free and secure hosting is so tight.
If you head to squarespace.com slash my brother,
you get a free trial.
When you're ready to launch, you use the offer code my brother,
and you'll save 10% off the first purchase of a website or domain.
The squarespace.com slash my brother,
enter code my brother.
That's awesome, because it'll let them know
that you did it because of us.
But if you can somehow make your website
about how this specific Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs
sort of centered ad is the one that got you there,
it's gonna open a lot of doors for us in the future.
A website about one of the best ads anybody's ever made.
You can just call it bigburgerparty.com.
Have the part of us talk about the big burger
falling into the park, or you can call it-
Or the flapjack, the flapjack crushing the principal.
Yeah, flapjackskloosh.com.
Gotta stop the show to see if burgerparty.com is available.
Sorry, kids.
Keep podcasting around me.
Sure, here's a Jumbotron.
This one's for Will, and it's from Kat, Nick, and Bug,
who say, happy birthday to our favorite rebel just for kicks.
We couldn't think of a better way to celebrate it
than sending you this message
from the host of our favorite podcast.
So here's your sweet, sweet POTG.
Regardless of when you hear this,
we hope you're having a good day
and getting plenty of protein.
Love you always.
Podcast of the-
Is that play the game?
Play the game?
Maybe.
Podcast of the Griffin.
Podcast of the Griffin is a fun one.
Juice, just checking on our burger party?
Burgerparty is a miss.
Bigburgerparty.com is ours.
That's way better.
It's way better.
So you know a good way of getting plenty of-
Will, you know a good way to get lots of protein.
Come and eat this big burger, bud.
Bigburgerparty.com.
Oh shit, what about bigburger.party?
Nah, bud.
Nah, bud.
Nah, bud.
I don't believe in sites that aren't dot coms.
Oh, okay.
I feel like those are going to be the first ones
that get shut down.
Damn, burger.party is already taken.
Fuck this website.
Somebody please read this next jumbo, Sean.
Internet is over, y'all.
Let me read it.
I got it.
Okay.
This is a message for Jamie from Ariel.
It says, to my BFF, how's your stomach today?
I'm nervous about making these few words worth it.
I hope I don't waste them talking about being nervous.
That would be stupid.
Thank you for being a queen.
Thank you for never letting me watch The Fault in Our Stars
twice in one day again.
Thank you for my intro to Bim Bam.
Happy birthday.
I really like that.
How's your stomach today?
Because that is such a-
It's an applicable question every day.
Day to day, I would give you a different answer to that question.
I got to tell you, y'all, I don't know if you've ever tried
watching Fault in Our Stars a few times in a row.
You pick up on a lot of shit the second or third time.
I watched it, and then I watched it a second time,
but in half speed.
You see a lot of stuff that the director didn't really make
so obvious the first time around, and I started to think
that maybe the fault actually was the stars.
Yeah, so there's a whole secret thread there
where you're like, is it the stars?
But then you watch it the third time,
and yeah, I'm pretty convinced it's not up there.
Is that the one with Nicolas Cage in the map
on the back of the declaration or something?
Is that that one?
That's The Fault in Our Map.
Oh, right, right, right, right, right.
Ah, somebody got lemon juice on this map.
Fuck.
Dang on it.
Ah, fuck.
The way it's stained, it kind of looks like a map.
You've ruined it, Doug.
Ah, shit.
Someone drew a triangle with an eyeball
inside it on the constitution.
Dang it.
You've ruined another good one.
We don't have a lot of paper because it's back in old times,
so we're going to keep using it, but don't do it again.
Don't doodle shit on the constitution there, Jeffrey.
Fuck.
I'm going to show you something.
Something very instructive.
Let me see your dollar bill, Nicolas Cage.
Oh, okay.
Watch this and understand the truth behind it all.
And then he sets it on fire.
Nicolas Cage is like, I wish you wouldn't do that.
That was my dollar bill.
Nicolas, Nicolas, I have a thing to show you.
It will unveil the secrets of America.
It's a Land O'Lakes butter box.
If you cut the knees out and you move them up here,
Nicolas, are you looking?
Nicolas, Nicolas, look at the Land O'Lakes butter box.
If you cut the knees out and you move them up here,
it makes them look like yabos.
Now, Nicolas, Nicolas, now multiply that by eight.
Now turn it upside down.
It's boobs.
Nicolas, it's in the corner of the bill.
It looks like a tiny spider.
It's not on all of them.
That spider?
Abraham Lincoln.
Think about this.
Every dollar bill, Caesar Augustus used to inhale blow.
That's something I read on Snopes.
Yes.
I've run out of things, but I'm so lonely
and I'm just glad you keep stopping by.
Wait, come back.
What is it?
No, I thought of another one.
Listen to this.
When Gene Wilder opened the costume jacket
that he was to wear in his role as Willy Wonka.
Uh-huh, go on.
Are you getting to a point soon?
Yes, I promise.
When he opened the costume jacket inside,
there was a name tag reading Frank L. Baum.
Who's that?
Um, it was the-
Nicolas, do you really not-
No, Frank L. Nicolas, I'm surprised.
No, wait, did I say-
God damn it.
I've conflated Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
in Wizard of Oz.
God damn it.
Okay, I'm really gonna go this time.
What just happened?
What was the last minute and a half of this podcast?
What the fuck were you trying to achieve, Juicer?
Okay, so let me take you inside.
Do we have time?
Oh, boy.
Yeah, I think we've got another 15 minutes
for you to explain the last 30 seconds.
I had a care-
Just the last part.
We were all having fun before that, right?
Yeah.
When we were doing the guy-
Yeah.
Okay, this is the guy.
Okay, so-
And he was showing off fun childhood life hacks.
Like the Land O' Lake's Butterbox
and the spider-
Right, and it was fun.
So, guy who played the wizard in Wizard of Oz, okay?
He gets his jacket for his costume
and inside the costume for the wizard,
the actor playing the wizard,
inside there, the jacket has a name tag inside Frank Morgan's jacket.
Inside it?
No way this is in the show.
While we're on the panel,
we have just 30 seconds to prove to Max Fun listeners
that we know what the F we're talking about
when it comes to pop culture.
All right, you guys, let's go.
Famous Chris's.
Walk-in.
Christopherson.
Hemsworth.
Karen, what's the most iconic lesbian snack?
The wings at Hooters.
The answer is fried green tomatoes.
Margaret, what is the Marvel Cinematic Universe missing?
My interest.
Winter, name someone who will EGOT in your lifetime.
Ike Barron holds.
That's beautiful.
Top gear or top model?
Sadly, I have to say top gear.
The clear answer is top chef.
But top model taught us about smizing.
Pop Rockets.
Smart takes on everything.
Catch us every Friday on Maximum Fun.
Hey, I have a Yahoo for everybody if you'll allow it.
I'll allow it.
Okay.
Adrian Cowell sent this one in.
Thank you, Adrian.
It's anonymous Yahoo Answers user.
I'm gonna call them.
Ty asks, I bought a silver necklace to my friend as a gift.
How do I tell her it's real silver without sounding like bragging?
Nancy.
Yeah, it's a good necklace, Nancy.
Do you notice the way it catches the light, Nancy, in a special way?
And the heft?
The heft of it, Nancy.
It doesn't seem to have the sort of atomic weight of iron or steel or brushed copper
or anything like that, Nancy.
And how would you describe the color of the necklace?
Ah, interesting.
Do you think it's...
Oh, you said silver.
Do you think it's maybe possible that that is actually what it's made up out of, Nancy?
And then you say, Nancy, look behind you.
It's a werewolf.
Please provide me your necklace.
Oh, I like that.
And you turn around.
It's like, oh, my eyes deceived me, Nancy.
But it would have been interesting that I asked for your necklace in that instance.
Hmm.
One moment, Nancy.
I have to call the silver necklace store.
Ring ring.
Oh, you have one less necklace than you did this morning.
I wonder where it ended up.
A customer came in and purchased it.
Oh, who matches my exact physical description.
Nancy, are you hearing this?
Maybe you need a confederate.
Someone who's going to show up and say, like, I just need to borrow.
Does anyone have a real silver necklace?
I just need it for two minutes to save this man's life.
Oh, you need a third.
Okay, you need another confederate who's staging a heart attack.
And maybe a confederate pretending to be a doctor.
So you're going to need three confederates.
Yeah, yeah.
And then maybe like a crowd of confederates that are all like, he's really dying.
So you're going to need 26 people.
You're going to need a flash mob, essentially, yeah.
Yes.
What if you go to Nancy and you say, Nancy, I should have asked yesterday,
do you have an allergy to silver?
Oh, that's it.
Then Nancy's like, yes, I do.
And you're like, that shouldn't be a problem.
Normally, when people have those sorts of reactions,
they're because nickel has been blended in.
Interesting.
Must be pure silver you've got there.
Oh, boy, someone must have really rolled out the proverbial red carpet for you.
Oh, actually, I'm allergic to real silver, too.
Nobody is, Nancy.
That's ridiculous.
It's hypoallergenic metals.
Okay, well, then why is my neck burning?
Oh, God.
Oh, no, I've been swindled.
Now, I've hoisted on my own petard.
Now, I am the real fool.
You can always, like the day after you give the necklace, walk up and say like,
oh, Nancy, what a nice pure silver necklace you're wearing.
Who got you that?
Oh, I completely forgot that I'm the one who got you the necklace.
This is embarrassing.
I have memento.
As you know, I have a bad case of memento.
Is my face red, much like your neck?
Also, sorry again about that.
It's time to sing my favorite song from my favorite Christmas movie,
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer.
Here we go.
Nancy's necklace and gold.
Oh, that's weird that I sang it like that.
Golly.
Hi-ho, Nancy's necklace.
You know, just a little goof.
It's silver, Nancy.
I bought you an expensive necklace, Nancy.
I need you to see it, Nancy.
See me, Nancy.
See me here.
See me as a man, Nancy.
A man with means to buy you a better necklace.
To buy you a pure silver necklace, Nancy.
I can provide for you.
I am not the child you knew once, Nancy.
I have been working double shifts at the Taco Bell
to buy you a pure silver necklace, Nancy.
I went away to one semester of college and I've grown, Nancy.
Let me care for you as only I can.
Nancy, I am but a man.
A man who read the cliff notes of Zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance
and he stands now before you to say that necklace is silver.
And my heart is gold.
And my heart is gold.
Here is another question.
It goes a little something like this.
This one maybe we don't need to talk about, but I do want to share it.
I saw something strange while driving home from work earlier this week.
Due to heavy traffic, I took a route I wouldn't normally take.
And while driving through a neighborhood I'm not familiar with,
I noticed a blue figure on someone's front lawn.
As I got closer, I saw that it was a cutout of a Navi for the movie Avatar
holding a sign that read, Home of Smooth Daddy.
Was that real?
If so, who could have made it and why?
I mean, probably Smooth Daddy.
Smooth Daddy would be the only one using the Navi to tout his own Smooth Daddy.
Hey guys?
It might be Smooth Son though.
Smooth Son might have made it for his Smooth Daddy.
Hey guys?
Yes, Griffin?
I do not appreciate you giving out my personal home address on our show.
We went to the world of Avatar in the animal kingdom of Walt Disney World.
And it was fucking packed.
Packed.
Absolutely packed for a movie that came out fucking 18 years ago.
And I'm sorry, the sequel will never be released.
Ever, ever, ever.
Sorry, it will never be released.
And the thing you can notice in the crowd is there are a handful of people
who are like very excited to be in the world of the Navi here on Pandora
sharing in their culture and their ritual.
Very, very excited.
Not like theme park excited, but like over the moon stoked to be in the land of Pandora.
They were rock hard.
They were rock hard.
Rock hard.
Yeah.
There's a part of this question that I do not understand the context in which that question
is being asked, which is you saw like a Navi cut out holding a sign that said
home of smooth daddy.
And then you ask, was that real?
Was it real?
Do you mean, I certainly don't mean like was that like a thing that exists in the world
because you saw it.
So do you mean was that actually the home of smooth daddy?
That is the only thing you could mean because you know it wasn't a real Navi
and you know you really saw the thing.
So the only question marks left here is is indeed that the home of smooth daddy.
And I have to assume, yes, it either is the home of smooth daddy or that sign was placed
there only moments before you saw it before the person who lived there was able to remove
it.
All right.
I just did Google to see if I could find a picture of the sign because if this exists
in somebody's yard, there's no way that somebody hasn't like taken a pic of it yet.
I didn't find it.
I did find a Cafe Press sign that somebody, you know, designed themselves and put up on
Cafe Press because they needed a copy of their own.
And it's a sign in as a white sign with big black font that reads never underestimate
a smooth Fox Terrier daddy.
Oh, OK.
This is somebody who is perhaps the proud, you know, parent of a smooth Fox Terrier.
And they people have been talking shit about what they can and can't do, I guess, for
a while, like what their capabilities are.
People have been underestimating this daddy of a smooth Fox Terrier and they want everybody
to know I do have this dog breed on hand at any time.
So don't stop talking shit.
There is a band called the Smooth Daddy Band, smoothdaddyband.com.
Do you think that maybe this is the like if you're looking for rehearsals of the Smooth
Daddy Band, this is the home where we rehearse to practice our craft?
I just hope that this theme continues then.
And it's also like this is the show of smooth daddy.
This is the car of smooth daddy.
This is the shirt of smooth daddy.
You can buy it for twenty five dollars.
Hey, here's a quick Yahoo to, you know, get us get us home.
The cinema Morgan Daddy.
Yeah, thank you.
Is sent in by Morgan Davy.
Keep it wavy.
Morgan Davy.
It's Yahoo answers user.
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
Can I give it a quick refresh?
See if the data will be injected into my rig?
No, absolutely not.
This was asked by smooth daddy who asks on the Tom Hanks movie Castaway.
What was in the box?
He never opened.
And why didn't he open the stinking box?
It ruined the whole movie for me.
My husband claims it has something to do with the symbolism that he was a company man and
trying to do what was right.
Well, if he opened up the other stupid boxes, why bother to save that one?
Tell me something that will make it all better inside.
Oh, tell me something.
Make it better inside the boxes.
Marcellus Wallace's soul.
OK, OK.
I mean, that's one, too, that one, too, sucks.
Open it up.
Oh, the gold light.
Pretty cool, right?
What was it, though?
Come on, tell me something that makes it feel better.
It hurts so bad not knowing the box.
The box had angel wings on it.
That's what that's the only thing we know.
And so maybe you didn't open it because it's like, what if there's an angel inside here
or like weird old wings or dusty angel robes?
There's nothing angel related that's going to be helpful.
It's not going to be like, here's my angel brand coconut peeler.
Sure.
And honestly, I've let this thing stay closed for so long.
That angel is definitely dead in that box.
I did not poke holes in it or feed it the food that angels love to eat, which I guess
is just angel food cake.
So this angel is dead as hell, and I do not want to open this box because I'm going to
see it and feel bad and the stink, the stink, the rotting stink.
The cherubic rotting stink of this little angel.
I don't know why I didn't open the box right away.
I thought maybe it might be cool to have one box that wasn't open and then I put two and
two together.
There's definitely a dead old angel here.
I don't want that on my conscience.
So I'm going to deliver this.
Hey, ma'am.
Listen, I was on an island for a long time.
Here's a box.
Gotta go.
Why didn't you feed my angel?
What the hell, dude?
It's possible.
Maybe he knew it was a bomb.
And he's not trying to fuck around with that.
This is the one bomb.
I know this.
Maybe the box was empty.
It's been a while since I've seen Kezdaway, so there's probably a concrete answer to this.
But how long do you think that Tom Hanks' character, whose name escapes me, how long
do you think that he stood there on the porch like, huh?
Huh?
What do you think?
Oh, exactly a tip?
Did you, uh, hello?
Pretty good, right?
I bet you thought, uh, nope, but I did.
I did do it.
But wait, don't congratulate me too hard because I did open all the other boxes.
I opened all the other ones.
I bet you didn't even see this coming.
Can I tell you something?
Uh, I was on an island.
Ow.
Okay, I was on an island.
I was on, um, so, what do you think?
Pretty cool, right?
Yeah.
Pretty cool.
Anyway.
What are you doing?
Do you want to chill?
Like, I haven't, I don't have any plans.
I was on an island up until like yesterday.
Everyone I ever knew is dead.
So do you want to-
I'm free if you just want to like, I don't know, like play some Sonic.
Do people still play Sonic?
Yeah.
Is there a new Sonic game?
Because I've been on an island for 26 years.
Sonic's so radical.
I was on an island.
Hey, do you have a, oh, do you have a Clearly Canadian?
I'm parched over here.
We can drink some Clearly Canadian and watch the Arsenio Hall Show.
Does that sound good to you?
A cool hang?
Hey, did you ever meet my dad?
Or my children?
My grandchildren?
Hey, I'm looking for my, um, my grandchildren, I guess.
They're probably adults by now.
I've been on this island for like forever.
So I'm looking for my adult grandchildren and their children.
Because everybody else I've ever known is dead.
Yeah.
And are you hiring?
And maybe do you have a room I could live in?
Because like, I've lost my job and my mortgage for sure.
I don't know sort of what future times are like.
I only have two arms and two legs.
I don't know sort of in your time like how what people have evolved to at this point.
But I am kind of a throwback human with just the two arms and two legs.
Hey, could you help me get a bank loan?
Because I was definitely declared dead.
And it's gonna be really hard for me.
No?
Okay, that's fine.
I did just deliver your box.
What do you have now?
You're welcome.
Hover banks?
Can you take me to your cyber dentist?
Because my teeth got really, really goofed up on the island.
I have human bone teeth.
I don't know if you guys have like metal teeth or what.
But I just have human bone teeth.
Could you program me some food because I am a real hater.
Can I have a food pill or something because I'm fucking starving.
Is there still water?
I was worried about y'all using it all before I got back.
Do you have any water left?
We have water back at the island, but it tasted so yucky when you drank it.
I figured that's just the way all water was these days.
This yucky, it was like yucky flavor water.
I hated it so much.
Oh, God, my teeth stink so bad.
What's in that box?
Oh, it's toothbrush and toothpaste.
Well, shit, that would've been cool.
I'll wait while you open it.
Oh, it's a change of socks.
Fuck.
Oh, that would've been nice.
Listen, Robert Zemeckis, this is money in the bank.
Make a $100 special edition castaway where you open up the box.
There's a deleted scene where she opens up the box and she's like,
hmm, my hand cream finally got here.
Thanks, Tom.
And then Tom walks away.
That could be the end of the movie.
Make a special edition of Pulp Fiction where they reach in the briefcase and like,
oh, yeah, gold bars.
It's gold bars, everyone.
What if you made it like castaway two, and it was just a static shot of the box.
And then at the very end, she rips it open after waiting an hour and a half,
and you see her look inside fade to black.
And then you do castaway three, where she dumps it into her hand,
and it's another sealed box.
And then castaway four-
Oh, fuck, this is good.
Yeah, right?
And I have to be clear, these are all feature film.
And then maybe Tom Hanks shows up in the bloopers of the credits
so you can still list him as being in it and he can win another award or whatever.
Hey guys, it's me, Tom.
Hope you enjoyed the movie.
I know it's mostly a woman very slowly opening up a box, but that's art these days.
Anyway, I'm going to show you some bloopers now.
Hope you come back for castaway four.
This time, she is going to go to the kitchen.
She's going to get the box cutter out, but it's going to take her an hour and a half
to find replacement blades for it.
So it's going to be really exciting.
Robert's got some big plans for this one.
Anyway, here's some bloopers.
Rip.
Oh, I opened it too fast.
Start over.
I hope this bots open-
Bots?
Fuck me.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself here at My Brother, My Brother, and Me farms.
We know that we've enjoyed having you here at the ranch.
We always enjoy your visits and everyone feels more special than the last.
I want to say thanks to the Maximum Fun Network for having us as a part of their
extended podcasting family.
We care about you deeply.
I want to say briefly that my wife and I wrote a book about medical history
called Sawbones.
The book, the Sawbones book.
Shit.
Oh, okay.
Bit.ly forward slash the Sawbones book.
Please pre-order it.
It's really important.
It's fantastic.
And Griffin read it.
It's fantastic.
Sounds good.
Good book.
I also real quick.
So I've got a show coming up October 6th during New York Comic Con.
It's in like two weeks.
And it's called Travis and Friends.
It's October 6 at 730.
Listen to this lineup, folks.
We've got Miles Luna, Lucky Yates, Jamie Cordero, Janet Varney, Ben Blacker, Jean Gray,
Quelly Criss, Holly Conrad, Jonathan Colton, The Double Clicks, Brent Black, Samus the
Rapper, Courtney Enloe, Pat Rothfuss, Pauline Storm, Amy Dallin, Clint McElroy, and me and
Teresa, and we're all going to be doing stuff, playing music, making comedy, making friends.
And it's going to be just a whale of a good time.
And I would like you to come to it.
And you can get tickets to it at bit.ly slash McElroy NYCC and come see a show that is absolutely
overloaded with fun and cool and great people.
I'm super excited about it.
I can't wait to see you there.
Bit.ly slash McElroy NYCC.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song, It's
a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
You can find that one at stores.
Yeah.
So thank you, John.
Thank you, Long Winters.
Do y'all want that final?
Yeah.
Indeed.
Yes.
Sure.
This one was sent in by Daniel Barrero.
Thank you, Daniel.
It's Yahoo Answers user Andrew August who asks, why does the smell of laser tag get me horny?
My name's Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Kiss your dad's square on the lips.
