The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to My Brother, My Brother,
me and the advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis the McElroy.
But I don't want to record a podcast. But I don't want to record a podcast today.
Oh, I see.
It's my birthday. I don't want to record a podcast today.
It's Griffin's birthday, except you're getting all the presents.
I want cakes and creams.
Oh no, not this again.
I want cakes and creams. I want candies and streamers and sticky, sticky toffee, not a podcast.
Every year, and I'm sure you all have noticed it because we've been doing My Brother,
My Brother, Me for about 18 years now. Every year on his birthday,
Griffin becomes little lord birthday and it's a whole thing. He's done it literally since he was
born. He came out of the womb doing it, which was very troubling for everyone.
And it's all about how it's his birthday and he wants candies and cakes and creams.
Where are my Shetland ponies, daddy?
And he needs the Shetland ponies.
And call him daddy.
I can't play with the Shetland ponies if I'm doing a podcast, daddy.
And he never wants to do a podcast.
I remember, I think he was six years old when he first started saying,
I don't want to do the podcast, which was confusing.
He was the first, historically speaking, is the first use of the term.
Yes.
Podcast was amended by Griffin when he was six and not wanting to do one.
Did the two of you even bring cakes and creams?
I sent you a birthday present. Did you get it?
I've not received a present from you, but the fact that you've said it's not cakes or creams.
It might be.
I sent a bottle of sparkling apple juice to your house. Did you get it?
Fuck, that's funny.
It's funny.
You guys like SNL? That's what I call SNL.
Yeah, that shit's good.
Oh, you snapped Griffin out of it with your super funny joke. Good job, Justin.
It was less a joke, more of a reference to an obscure SNL bit.
Yeah. I'm back. Yeah, I'm ready to do this one.
I mean, it wasn't a joke. I would rather not be.
I'd rather not be doing it. I'd rather be, you know.
What have you got? Let's talk about the gifts. Gifts so far. What have you got?
I got a bottle of water with a screw top lid from our business manager, Amanda,
because during the last tour she watched me twice open up the lid that has a little hidden straw
in it of my Contigo after being on an airplane with it, and it blasted me fully in the face like
a clown's flower. Stranger saw me do this and so did Amanda, so she got me one that's a little more
foolproof than that. What else? Daddy got me a Spider-Man statue, and then I just noticed that
Justin, you and Sydney have gone in together on a, I believe, a classroom.
Yes.
You got me a classroom, and I don't know where. It says a gift of a new classroom,
and I don't know what I'm supposed to teach in OIC.
You actually don't. This is the great thing. It's a classroom in the Sudan somewhere teaching
impoverished children stuff, and you don't have to do anything. You just can bask in the reflected
glow of knowing that there's good in the world happening in your name.
That is nice, but Gervin, can I tell you what I got you? It should have been delivered,
I believe, like the 14th or 15th. Did I send it to the wrong house again? I might have. I was
about to ask you your address, and then I remembered we were recording a podcast for
Public Assumption. Do you want to know what it is? Sure. It's a bidet. Oh, Trev.
Yeah. Shouldn't have.
So it's like Justin got you that really nice classroom thing that helps other people,
and I got something nice for your butt.
That's great because the world has problems, and I love gifts like Justin's because it helps
cater to those problems, but I'm also having a problem, and it's just my blighted bung has just
been a real issue for me lately, and I'm really happy for the immediate sort of salve that my
favorite brother Travis has provided for me.
Excellent. But Justin, yours is very nice. I like how it helps people or whatever.
Justin, let me say this. If you want to one-up him, because now we've got to fight our hands,
and this is always how I got the best presents growing up. If you want to one-up him,
may I suggest Cakes and Creams? Cakes and Creams. I should have thought of that.
No, you can do both. It's an add-on. It's a DLC for the Sudanese classroom.
Yeah, that way everybody wins with that one. With that one, everybody wins.
I get something, they get something.
So anyway, folks, thanks so much for listening to our podcast. We're excited to get going.
Happy birthday to you, Griffin. So excited.
32 is the backwards Michael Jordan number.
Boop, boop, boop, boop. Huge. Huge. That's a massive milestone.
Okay, here's a question. I'll be attending a Billy Joel concert,
which is also his 70th birthday celebration.
What if he tries to stop the concerts? Will they bring him Cakes and Creams?
That sounds like something he would actually do.
Should I bring a gift? No. How do I get it to him? You can't.
What do I buy? What do you buy for the piano man who has everything?
And that's from Unsure on the Upper West Side.
It's Billy's birthday and that you get the present this year
because Billy is bringing to you all of his great hits of the 50s and 60s and today.
What's the spirit of the 50s and 60s? It's still rocking on him.
The spirit of 50s and 60s through the lens of 80s just probably really coked up in us.
Yeah. Let me ask you guys this. If you had the chance to get Billy Joel something, what would it be?
Tombstone.
It's irreverent. It's an irreverent humor that I like to do, my own twisted South Park humor.
It is irreverent.
I think I would get him the chance to switch places with me for one day.
Ah, Prince and Pop are that shit.
Yeah, take the pressure off him. Let me be the piano man for one day
and he can just be a man without all the pressure, without all the piano pressure.
Travis has just texted asking for my address just to update everybody.
That was just a private thing. I was trying to send you a birthday birthday.
Here's what you could do. Okay, let me hit you with this.
Sit him down in a comfortable chair in front of a piano and then you sit down at a different angle
and then you turn the piano towards yourself and you say, no, no, no, Billy, allow me.
And then you play a version of We Didn't Start the Fire that encompasses all of his
and then everything that happened in the 30 years since We Didn't Start the Fire.
Oh, gosh, and you think you would appreciate that?
I think it's like, I want you to know, Billy, that you didn't start the fire,
but I'm taking the fire. I'm picking up your torch and I'm going to carry it on for you
and I'll continue to update this song that you seem unwilling to.
Title it, I Will Finish the Fire.
I Will Complete the Fire for Willie Joel.
Now, did you just call him Willie Joel? His friends call him Willie Joel.
Willie Joel Pianoman.
I would bet a million doll hairs that this is not the first time we've talked about an updated
We Didn't Start the Fire.
I'm almost certain, yeah, almost certain.
It is the first time, though, that I'm thinking critically about the song
We Didn't Start the Fire and it's pretty shit, huh?
It's not, if you think about Billy Joel sitting down at the old desk and saying like,
shit sucks right now, shit's getting really wild and people need me, Willie Joe Pianoman,
to really crack out a dinger for them that's going to help them soothe their soul
and give them some artistic nourishment that addresses the issues of our time.
I am going to write this song that is all about, A, passing the buck.
We didn't do it.
And then also, in lieu of having a message to the song,
I'm just going to say I'm going to flip through some microfiche at my local library
and just write down the words of things that I see there.
He did kind of write it like an eighth grader doing like a report on something
he didn't really read but just kind of read the back cover like, you know, Berlin Wall, JFK.
Leonard Bernstein.
I think he was a dude, he was there.
Yeah, I am a little sad.
I'm happy for his 70th birthday.
Huge congratulations, Billy.
It is a little sad though that we're in the last few weeks of him being 69.
And we haven't really used it enough, I would say.
I would say we have not taken advantage of the fact that he is 69.
We didn't even talk about it, it feels like.
We could have referenced it so much more.
It is the law that when you are 69, you have to do it that particular maneuver more often.
So I bet he really knows how to just wail on that harmonica if you know what I'm talking about.
Aw, Griffin.
Come on, Griffin.
It's still Billy Joel.
Sir Billy Joel, he deserves our respect.
Have you ever noticed how Piano Man starts with the harmonica solo?
Do y'all ever think about that?
I think about that every time that goddamn song starts.
How about a yahoo?
I wish Billy Joel was funnier.
Wait, as a person or as a topic?
As a topic.
I feel like Billy Joel is so buckwild in all his endeavors that he deflects.
You try to make fun of Billy Joel as we have valiantly attempted for the past five minutes,
and then Billy Joel's like,
oh, good joke, check this out, it's the video for River of Dreams.
I did this one on me.
So what do you have in the fucking tank?
You have nothing.
I am bulletproof.
So here's a yahoo that was sent in by Jack.
Thanks, Jack.
It's yahoo answers user Bobby.
Bobby asks, if I'm a 14 year old, that's a wild way to say it.
I guess it's yahoo answers, so it has to be in the form of a question.
Question, if I am a 14 year old and my family has a guinea pig, is he my brother or son?
If I'm a 14 year old and my family has a guinea pig, is he my brother or son?
Is it possible he's your Belvedere?
No, obviously, obviously no.
Update, I understand that technically he is neither since I am not a guinea pig.
I think we're talking about structurally in the caste system of the family.
You're drawing the family tree from which branch does, you know, little Bingbing Dangle.
Wait, who's Bingbing Dangle?
The guinea pig.
His name is Bingbing Dangle?
Yes.
What a great name.
Where's he at?
Where does he live?
Is he a son or a brother to the 14 year old?
He might be the 14 year old's dad.
All right.
I'm saying why do we assume that he's equal or less than?
It's your brother.
It's your brother.
This is your new brother.
I'm gonna stick with you answer to the guinea pig now.
But if I'm the one that picked him out of the pet land or whatever,
I don't know if they do guinea pigs at your local shelter,
but if they do, obviously that's the ideal scenario.
Um, I'm pretty sure they sell these bad guys, these bad guys at Target.
But if you're the one that picked him out from the Target lineup
after shopping through Isaac Mizrahi's new collection,
I think you're the father of this pig.
Hello, I'm Isaac Mizrahi and these are my new gerbils.
I'm selling them exclusively at Target.
It's an Isaac Mizrahi branded line of guinea pigs.
These rats are huge and they are colorful and they're,
they're gonna awaken the goddess within you.
I'm so proud of my new guinea pigs, exclusively at Target.
You look like you could use a really soft rat.
Here, try one of my chinchillas.
Try one of these socially acceptable rats.
Um, yeah, this is the first time somebody sees a frat rat, right?
Yeah.
They think, oh, it's a long one.
Big old rat, gonna put it on my shoulders.
I don't see why that was what we jumped to.
That seems wild to me that we would make a pet from the ferret.
A capybara, I would just go run and throw myself in the river
I would drift away until I found a new home
that this big, big rat didn't live in.
I think that if you bring a guinea pig home, he's a roommate.
I think that he has his space where he's in charge, right?
Like, if you go in there and you're eating his food,
he's going to be really mad at you.
And if he was eating your food, you'd be really mad at him.
And that's not something you would say about a son or a brother.
If Griffin and Justin looked in the refrigerator,
I wouldn't be like, they shouldn't be in the refrigerator.
But if the guinea pig was in the refrigerator,
I'd be like, hey, that's my stuff, Brian.
Actually, if I got in Charles' refrigerator,
he would probably tell me to get out of his refrigerator.
That's true.
I watched the Punky Brewster episode.
I know it's not safe to play in the refrigerator.
Well, I didn't have a safety concern in mind,
but of course, yes.
Well, yeah, that's fine.
I cannot tell you the number of times I've gone downstairs
from my office to get a nice cold can of LaCroix
from the refrigerator and open it up
and had to fish my dang oldest brother out of there.
Was there a time when you couldn't open a refrigerator
from the inside?
Yeah, yeah.
Yes, absolutely.
That's a problem?
It's not an ongoing problem.
It just seems unlikely.
Okay, let's talk about this.
There is an episode of Punky Brewster
where a child is imprisoned in a refrigerator.
And I think it isn't covered,
but this must be a very weak child.
I cannot fathom how you could get stuck in a refrigerator.
Right, do they lock?
Is that a thing where you were afraid of the meat getting out?
No, they had those metal latches that would shut
and would hold the door shut and they were only on the outside.
So they'd have to remove the doors off these old refrigerators
so dumb kids couldn't like crawl inside of them at the city dump.
And then the good thing about that is ready to go
hot and fresh coffin just like right there, I guess.
And that's not ideal, obviously.
But on the subject of if it is an ongoing concern,
that would be wild knowing what I just said out loud.
If Mr. Frigidaire like had people coming up to him,
like, dog, you got to do something.
The kids are climbing into, they're playing Fortnite
and then going to take what they call dumpster breaks
and they're climbing in the fridges
and they are just getting just wrecked out there.
And Mr. Frigidaire is not hearing that like,
yes.
Okay, so I've looked into this just to clarify,
because we all have a vivid memory of this very special episode.
The message of which was don't go in a refrigerator
because you could get locked in, okay?
This used to happen back when,
because it used to be that you could only open from the outside.
And then they made a law in 1956
that you had to use the magnetic thing instead of a latch, right?
So this punky Brewster episode released in the 80s
was about the dangers of playing in antique refrigerators.
That is like, hey, all the AIDS crisis was like in full bloom.
Yeah, we had lots of stuff.
Kids getting stuck in fridges.
They was always stuck.
Sorry, I'm just trying to think of how to update
we didn't start the fire.
Well, Trev, I don't think he does it in the chorus.
I don't think he swaps out the chorus.
It's like, let's really dig into the Berlin Wall.
If I'm being honest, I couldn't remember how the verses go.
It's just, it bothers me that it was a very special episode
that I'm pretty sure I watched,
but maybe I just know about because I exist in the world
and I hear people talk about things sometimes.
And that has stuck with me more than most lessons
I learned in schools is that don't play in refrigerators.
You get stuck in them, which is apparently a concern
that not even my dad had to worry about when he was five.
So why do I know it so well?
Okay, that's it.
You can look at, there's an article in Mental Floss
if you want to know more about this very special episode
that you're probably, I would imagine 98% of our audience
is completely in the dark on.
But hey, here we go.
We're getting on their case.
We're talking about the dangers of a 30-year-old thing.
And here we are talking about a 30-year-old
episode of television for comedy's sake.
So moving on.
Oh my God, you're right.
I work in a hip-
This podcast is a refrigerator
that I've been trapped inside of for nine years.
I work in a quote, hip office park
and we share our parking lot with another hip company.
They have their own coffee shop.
In that parking lot, we also share a basketball hoop.
A few weeks ago, we got a company-wide message
that we needed to, quote,
be respectful regarding the basketball hoop.
Nothing further was said.
Two weeks later, we get a second message
saying that we were banned from using the hoop
due to an incident.
No one in my office is talking about it
and I'm too scared to ask for fear of discovering
some dark secret, what the incident was
and why we were banned.
The most I got from someone was,
ooh, someone was a bad boy.
How do I go about discovering the truth?
Is it worth the risk?
This is from Detective Hoops in Hotlanta.
First, ooh, someone was a bad boy
is not a piece of information
but probably just a guess or observation.
Like no one's ever like walked into a police office
and then like a detective will say,
what happened?
And the detective's like,
well, seems like somebody was a bad boy.
What? No.
You really cracked this one wide open, man.
Someone was taking it to the-
I mean, we are all agreed here.
Someone was refusing to fake the funk on a nasty dunk
and they were taking it to the hole.
Yes, they were doing some disrespectful dunks.
The other possibility is that they were doing nasty dunks
but when it came time for the funk to happen,
they were kind of phoning it in.
They were kind of thinking off.
And so it doesn't, you guys are assuming
that somebody went boom shakalaka, the glass explode.
I'm saying that maybe they were disrespecting the hoop
by which I mean, they were doing super bad at basketball
and embarrassing the sport itself, embarrassing the hoop.
Like they would go to dunk
but it was more just like they were barely
like getting to the rim, you know?
Like they're kind of rolling the ball
off their fingers to get it in.
And people were like, no, you can't do that.
You're disrespecting the God of hoops.
That was an impotent dunk, Jeremy.
The folks over here-
The folks over here-
Funkier dunks.
The folks over here at Slick Beans,
the folks over here at Cool Coffee,
they get nine feet high.
They're so rad.
Slick Beans is the name of the company
but then Cool Coffee is the shop they have.
Not related at all.
Slick Beans does not handle actually any beans of any kind.
It's just the name of the business.
You're embarrassing us in front of Slick Beans.
You're banned from the hoop.
Everyone is.
But I was trying my best.
Maybe someone is playing a very high-minded game of D,
of basketball day.
Oh, I see.
You're telling the other company that you're such a play
that they-
This is like high-level-
There's like the zone defense.
There's like sort of man-to-man sort of that defense.
And then there's like emailing the opposing team
to tell them that they're not welcome anywhere near the hoop.
There's small business on small business defense, yeah.
Uh-huh, yeah.
That's our hoop.
And we are formal-
It's just taunting.
We're just formally letting you all know that
due to some disrespectful dunks,
you are not allowed anywhere near our home,
which is the hoop.
You were dunking, but you didn't wash your hands first.
And we saw that.
So no, thank you.
I don't wanna dunk with no-
The ball was teetering on the rim
and you burped and blew on it to push the ball into it.
No, thank you.
I don't wanna dunk with no pee ball.
We saw Derek come out of the bathroom
without washing his hands and then go straight
to the parking lot and start dribbling.
No, thank you.
For all we know, he's already dribbled twice.
Yeah.
Maybe one company, like whoever,
the TJ Maxx staff challenged-
That's a pretty hit business, Justin.
That's a hit business.
The TJ Maxx staff challenged Cool Beans
to a basketball showdown.
And then they told them that that was their hoop
and then that the other team didn't have a hoop
because there was only one hoop.
So the only hoop available was the Cool Beans hoop.
So then the score just got absolutely astronomically
out of reach and there was no more basketball
out because of that.
And another possibility is that in an attempt
to get a leg up on the slick beans,
some select members of your staff,
your coworkers, your cohorts,
did go out and steal the basketball energy
from Muggsy Bulgs and Charles Barkley
and Michael Jordan, although he's playing baseball.
So like, does he even still have it?
And Sylvester Stallone, I mean Sylvester the cat.
And Sylvester Stallone.
He voiced Sylvester the cat.
He's just known, he's got big,
hey, listen, Sly, fucking Rocky,
he's got huge muscles.
That's gotta help you jump, yeah?
Well, is it?
Actually, I was gonna say he didn't do any jumping,
but he jumps up and down when he gets to the top
of the steps and it's pretty good.
It's got big muscles on his legs to push the earth away
to get up to the hoop, so.
Is it a problem that none of us have even theorized
about Flubber at this point?
Oh shit.
Should Flubber have been brought up before now?
Maybe the hip company is like a Flubber company.
It's a new Flubber company.
It's a new, the new Flubber company they call it.
I'm so sick of it being so,
this market is flooded with Flubber companies.
There's just like a new one every day.
They're doing it.
This is a new take.
It's like organic fair trade Flubber.
Farm to table Flubber.
Keto genic Flubber.
Basketball shoe Flubber.
To avoid FDA prying eyes,
they have to call their company something else
as a front and so they do Apple.
And that's how,
that's what they've actually been this whole time.
Yeah, so I've got a whole dossier
and I've sent it to Justin and Travis
many, many times before about how Apple does Flubber.
I'm gonna crack it open soon, bud.
I promise.
For your birthday, maybe that's our.
Is it possible that you work for the Harlem Globetrotters?
Huh.
I mean, they have to have a storefront somewhere.
You can't be a business without a storefront legally.
I do.
I'm going to step in here though and say
I cannot think of a conglomeration
that altogether throughout the history of time
has been more disrespectful to the basketball hoop
and the game itself and the people they play it.
They will climb up on ladders and they will dunk,
you know, confetti into the audience
while another person scores a three from the concession stand.
That is hugely disrespectful to this game.
It's cheating.
Yes.
It is cheating.
How come no one has called the Harlem Globetrotters
on their flagrant cheating?
They do a basketball jump over like five kids
and I just, I didn't see my friend Michael Jordan
doing that during his big game,
the sixth game of the series that he did so well in.
So I don't know.
One time I saw a Harlem Globetrotter
put the ball under his jersey
and then pretend he was pregnant and walk with it.
The junior.
And at no point did anyone say you're not dribbling.
You can't put the ball under your shirt.
They just let him do it.
But then he said, oh, aren't I?
And then his water broke and then they brought out a bed
and then over the next 12 hours,
he pushed that basketball valiantly, slowly, bravely.
No epidural.
No epidural, just raw dogging it.
There was an epiduncle.
Which is of course a basketball doula.
Yeah, and so it's just no juice, just raw dogging it.
And then when it did come out, it was a three pointer.
Extremely disrespectful display.
Extremely disrespectful, but also beautiful.
But also it was beautiful.
It was beautiful, beautiful.
Yeah, it was beautiful little slice of life
and it's the circle of life and that's great,
but you got placent on the basketball
and that's disrespectful because that one's cashed.
I don't mean to be, I'm not a brood.
I've seen the majesty of this process IRL firsthand
with my own special brood.
But if you get placent on a basketball, boy.
Because the little bumps on there, forget about it.
That one's done.
You know the Harlem Globetrotters play against?
The Washington Generals.
Yeah, well now here I am thinking this.
Does Flover have a placenta component in it?
That's why you're supposed to save the placenta
because they need it for Flover.
So they will pay top dollar for some fresh placenta.
Hey, quick.
It's just placenta and cornstarch really.
You can DIY.
I watch a lot of YouTube videos.
DIY Flover.
Now you're gonna need some fresh placenta.
Nothing freeze-dried, no powdered.
I'm talking about fresh, just fresh out the Harlem Globetrotter.
Just right out.
You know, on any other show,
on any other episode of My Brother, My Brother, Me,
the news that the Washington Generals have their own website
touting what a great season they're gonna have
and their all-new roster would be worth discussing.
But I don't even know if it's...
Okay, it is worth mentioning this.
Oh man, this is gonna be a basketball-themed episode
of My Brother, My Brother, Me
because we are going to have to discuss this currently.
I want everyone to just join me over here at this webpage.
If you're at home and you want to see
what my brothers are about to laugh at,
go to washingtongenerals.com forward slash Cager.
That's C-A-G-E-R.
You're gonna meet Cager, the Globetrotter's biggest nightmare.
Oh my god.
Yeah, this image is a very tall man in a black hoodie
with arms open in almost sort of a biblical pose
and he's most notably wearing a sort of black basketball mask.
There's a quote here from Cager.
We're like edging into Munch Squad territory.
Quote, I don't like the way the Globetrotters
are always joking around and laughing on the court.
Basketball a serious business, says Cager with a scowl.
I am ready to release the beast
and show how basketball is supposed to be played.
I'm going to wreck some rims and wreck some dreams.
Hold on, Cager.
Hold on there, Cager.
Pump the brakes there, Cager,
because I'm all about you showing the Harlem Globetrotters
that the way that they treat the basketball
and the sport is somewhat disrespectful,
but you got to leave those rims for the next generation.
So I appreciate where you're coming from,
but you need to not become the thing
that you are trying to fight in this world.
Now it says here in this Cager article
that he can drill shots from the four point line
introduced by the Globetrotters in 2016.
So the Globetrotters are just like,
hey, from now on this line, you get four points.
It's disrespectful in ways that I couldn't even imagine.
Meanwhile, the Washington generals say,
okay, we have a seven foot guy.
We brought a giant in a black rask and he's fighting for us.
And there is a quote here from the coach of that team,
which is maybe the most thankless position in all of sport.
Quote, we might even sneak a six player on the court
when Cager is in the game.
The guy can just hide behind Cager
and the rest will never see him.
Now I don't fucking care who wins.
Let them destroy each other and I'll mop up whoever's left.
You can't sink to their level, Cager.
Cager closes with this.
He menses no words when asked about his objective.
My main purpose in life is to get the generals
that elusive win and wipe the smiles
off the faces of the Globetrotters.
Y'all, I looked it up just to find out
that Washington generals have beaten
the Harlem Globetrotters at least three times.
Oh my God.
In 1954, 1958, and 1971.
I mean, it has to be a revolt
from one of the Washington generals
who was summarily fired after that,
but this is a way to fucking go out.
Like, oh no, oh no, he's got a ladder.
Swish!
What are you fucking doing, Ronnie?
What are you fucking doing, Ronnie?
I don't want to be there though on the day
when Cager does get his elusive dream
of destroying the Harlem Globetrotters
because he wins that game.
They come back the next day.
Globetrotters are like, guess what?
We've all got Civil War sabers.
We all took a vote on basketball rules
and now we've all got swords.
We voted that it's legal on the court to kill Cager.
Yeah, if I can cut Cager's whole head off,
I get 20 points.
We're dangling Cager's beloved uncle
from a rope from the rafters of the stadium.
And if the Generals win, we'll drop and kill his uncle.
And that's a new basketball rule we came up with.
And the NBA sees the NBA.
Tickets are starting to slow down.
Tickets to the Harlem Globetrotters games
are just going through the roof,
so now the NBA's got to start dangling uncles.
Oh, gosh.
Should we go to the Money Zone?
Yeah, yeah, let's go.
Oh my God, we have a new sponsor.
I'm so extremely excited to talk about Postmates.
Okay, so who do you ask to bring you something
when you don't want to leave the house?
You could ask your friends, but how many of those can you call?
Griffin will drive up from Austin, no problem.
No more of that relying on brotherly affection.
Just use Postmates.
Oh, it's no problem.
I know it's no problem for you, Griffin,
but it is your birthday, so if you need a day off,
here's Postmates.
It's your personal food delivery, grocery delivery,
whatever you could think of, delivery service 24-7.
You don't have to go to the store.
You can just download the app for iOS and Android for free,
browse local restaurants, and track your delivery.
They're the largest on-demand network in the known universe
with more than 25,000 partner merchants.
For a limited time, Postmates is giving our listeners
$100 of free delivery credit for your first seven days,
and you can start those free deliveries right now
and just get the app and use the code MYBROTHER.
I love Postmates.
You know what I love Postmates is when we're on tour
and I don't know the area very well,
so if you're traveling and you just need something
and you don't know how far away that something is
or where the place is or whatever, Postmates
is like a fantastic option for that.
Yeah, I apologize for laughing in the middle of that.
That was a time release, half hour long delay
from me realizing that my brother Travis
had essentially sent a bidet to a stranger here in Austin,
and I enjoy that very much.
Again, get the app right now and then use the code MYBROTHER
and get $100 of free delivery credit for your first seven days
when you download the Postmates app.
Get anything you need anytime you need it,
download Postmates and save with code MYBROTHER.
I would like to tell you about Bull and Branch.
Bull and Branch, sheets, towels, what do you need?
What do you need?
Go to Bull and Branch.
I just did a big old round of laundry
and I had, this is not a joke
because I notice things like this, gosh darn it.
I was folding some Bull and Branch towels
and I thought these still feel brand new
even though I've had them for like a year.
And that's just a testament to the quality
that Bull and Branch brings
because they use 100% pure organic cotton
and it's signature soft sheets that start out luxurious
and only get softer over time, which I can 100% vouch for.
And Bull and Branch products have thousands of five-star reviews.
It's incredible.
I'm a big fan, highly recommend.
People are at the heart of everything they do
from farmers who grow their organic cotton
to the people who sleep on their feet at night.
All right.
And they offer a no risk 30-day trial
and free shipping in the US.
So to get started right now,
our listeners can get $50 off your first set of sheets
at bullandbranch.com, promo code MYBROTHER, all one word.
So go to bullandbranch.com, that's B-O-L-L and branch.com
and get $50 off your first set of sheets
with promo code MYBROTHER, all one word.
The Greatest Generation is a Star Trek podcast
that de-stigmatizes the very idea of having a Star Trek podcast.
We're Ben and Adam, the hosts of The Greatest Generation
and the technology we've developed is that
nobody knows what you're playing in your earbuds.
You know, with legalization, it's easier than ever
to find out what's in your buds.
But we suggest that you legally find The Greatest Generation
wherever you download your podcasts.
We'll send it to you in a discreet, unmarked package
and nobody has to know but us.
That's The Greatest Generation,
the Star Trek podcast that you didn't know you needed
yet makes you feel like you belong.
So y'all want another yahoo?
I felt that one.
Yes, Griff and I would like another yahoo.
All right, this yahoo was sent in by Graham Robach.
Thank you, Graham.
Oh, and well, I love-
Stone asks, and this one's really fucking funny.
This one's really gonna bust guts and nuts
in the audience tonight.
This one's gonna bust a nut?
It's guts and nuts.
This one is so funny, it would lay low even the big man, Cager.
Oh, Korn's here.
I want a munch.
Welcome to Munch Squad, the podcast within a podcast
that I feel like is in its twilight years.
I feel like, and not to be sad, and there's still plenty
of Munch Squad on the horizon,
but I feel like we're probably rounding the bin
on people being so buck wild.
I'm not gonna say it has anything to do with Munch Squad,
but I'm not gonna say that I did not kill
this particular golden goose.
But we've still got a few left in us
and I just wanna bring it home strong.
I do wanna give everybody real quick
a quick Munch Squad Jr. with the update.
Welcome to the family.
Carl's Jr. testing a CBD burger in Denver on 420.
First ever quick service restaurants
to introduce CBD infused item.
It's named the Rocky Mountain High Cheeseburger Delight.
And that is the CBD there.
It features two charbroil patties
with the signature Santa Fe sauce infused with CBD.
Pickled jalapenos, pepper jack cheese,
and crisp cut fries right on there
to give the burger the extra crunch.
That's easily the weirdest part of the whole burger,
I would say.
That's the weirdest part of it.
Listen to this.
The new menu item will be available
at 4050 Colorado Boulevard, Denver on April 20th.
Yes, that's right, 420.
Beginning at 6 a.m.
Hey, hey, how's the morning going?
Pretty good.
I just ate a weed hamburger at 630 a.m.
So I feel like the day's off to a good start.
But that's not what I want to talk about today.
I want to, I got big news from DQ.
They've just unveiled a new tagline.
Oh no, that's the worst,
that's the worst thing they could have been unveiling.
Yeah, they're unveiling a new tagline.
Here it comes.
You ready?
Happy take good.
Oh my God, it's already really great.
Happy tastes good.
Huh, happy tastes good.
Good happy taste.
I guess daddy like was taken.
So now we got it.
Happy tastes good.
The cakes and creams taste happy and good.
Happy tastes good.
Good taste?
No, happy tastes good, end of slogan.
Happy tastes good.
With fresh deals, sweet new treats and crave worthy eats
that make any meal feel like an indulgence because it is.
I mean, folks, you're eating a Dairy Queen.
It is an indulgence of a sort.
It is reinforcing that it's a smile above the rest
and a destination for happy moments and memories
and diarrhea later presumably to celebrate happy tastes good.
It's great every time.
What a great sentence.
Someone was paid for, there's new Sunday toppings
like rich Choco Chunks, crunchy praline pieces and smooth.
I swear to God, it's called this smooth midnight fudge.
Oh my God.
A little bit of that midnight fudge, a midnight fudge.
So they got a deal.
And Maria Hockenson, who's this something there,
says, we love being at the center of our fans'
happiest memories.
The center of my happiest memory?
Why, it's a meal at Dairy Queen.
Whether it's toasting to a team win, celebrating a birthday
or simply treating yourself to make the every day
just a little more special.
Fuck, man.
I just thought of somebody that tried to make a boring day
more special by eating a Dairy Queen
and it's the most depressing thing I've ever heard
in my entire life, but happy tastes good.
It's about the joyful moments you experience
when you visit one of our restaurants
from the first bite to the last spoonful.
The last spoonful here is either the last spoonful
of your food or the last spoonful before you realize
that you only have the one human body
and what are you doing to it and you have to go.
Now here's the wildest part about this release.
To prove the DQ brand really is in the business of happy.
ADQ, that's American Dairy Queen Network, I guess,
commissioned a national consumer survey, which found that.
Okay, by the way, if you want to preserve numbers
as something that, and statistics as something
of a constant in your life that you rely on
to become more informed or that you find any use
or value in them, please stop listening now
because Dairy Queen is about to strip that away.
69% of the people surveyed believe that
having a Blizzard treat is a happier way
to start the summer than activities
such as taking a road trip, 43%,
wearing shorts, 40%, or cannonballing into a pool, 29%.
Oh my God.
What was the structure of the question asked?
What is the structure of that fucking question?
Because one, I added all your numbers and you're fucked.
It's all fucked straight to death.
Okay, that's all fucked.
69% of people believe that having a Blizzard treat
is a happier way to start the summer
than wearing shorts.
Did you just ask people like,
would you rather have some ice cream
or put on some shorts right now?
What would be a happier start to your summer?
Eating ice cream in slacks or wearing shorts?
I imagine they only asked 10 people.
What's a better way to start your summer?
Eating a cool, refreshing Blizzard treat
at Dairy Queen's, smiles taste good,
or wearing some fucking shorts?
Is that a good way to start your summer?
And four people went shorts, I guess,
and the other six people went rightly so.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Time to pull on my shorts.
Ah, it's June 23rd, let's go.
You can't put on shorts.
Okay, these people who said,
okay, of all those, I think the best start
is cannonballing into a pool.
Cool, are you doing that in slacks?
Are you wearing jeans and cannonballing into the pool?
No, you're not.
Maybe they literally held up a Blizzard
and said, do you wanna eat this?
And then they held up a pair of shorts
and said, or do you wanna put on my shorts?
And we were like, I guess I'll eat the Blizzard.
I thought so.
Do you wanna take off your clothes right now
in front of everyone here in Times Square
and put on these shorts?
Or would you rather have this refreshing Blizzard treat
and guess what?
I'm gonna one up that shit.
It's covered in smooth midnight fudge.
Can I do neither?
All right, how about you eat this or I push you into a pool?
Please don't do that.
Or I'm gonna put you in the trunk of this car
and drive you across the country.
Please don't do that.
I'm not done.
Okay, listen.
56% said dipping a DQ chicken strip into sauce
feels like a group hug for your taste buds.
Wow.
No, they didn't.
They checked a box next to that sentence
that Dairy Queen wrote.
Yeah, but that means that 44% of the people
just stared at the question asker in silence.
Like, what could that mean?
What?
What could that possibly mean?
Trump is president.
What are you talking about?
There's real things.
Real things going on in the world.
You're wasting my time.
What on earth are you talking about?
The last statistic they have here.
53% said a trip to a DQ location
is as happy as finding $20 in your pocket.
Wrong.
What on earth could that mean?
If you find the $20, you could go to Dairy Queen with it.
Yeah.
What on earth?
What on earth do you mean?
The cycle begins anew.
History repeats itself.
Apparently.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah, please.
This one's sent in by Graham Robock.
Thank you, Graham.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Stone, who asks,
spiders in my house?
How get rid of?
Like Minecraft?
Spiders in my house?
How get rid of?
Like Minecraft?
You're gonna have to bring your house down.
Well, I mean, maybe that's what Yahoo Answers user Jehera
meant when they responded, put torches.
End of comment.
Okay.
I like efficiency and language.
You can figure out what they mean from that.
Just put torches.
Put torches.
Put torches around them.
No spider.
On them?
Near them?
Um, so I have a whole bunch of these little, uh, these little
creepo, creepozoids in my house, and they want to catch me up
in their net and suck me dry, so I do want to get rid of them
like, but I do want to do it like Minecraft.
I've been, I've been honing the...
I, okay, I don't think that this person, just, I mean, it's
all phrased very strangely.
I don't think this person is necessarily saying, I want to
get rid of spiders in my real home in the same fashion that
I dispose of these little bastards in the game Minecraft.
You don't think that's it, Justin?
Because that's exactly how your boy took it.
That's hit at me.
That's how it hit me too.
No, I think this person is saying, I think the like Minecraft
here is meant to indicate, ah, I should have clarified when
I began the question.
This is written regards to the video game Minecraft.
No, Justin, I'm sorry.
I'm going to put my foot down here and say that they're
saying, I would like to get rid of the spiders in my house
like I do in Minecraft.
Yeah.
So if you don't have anything fucking helpful to say, go
record a Sawbones or something, okay?
Because Travis and I are dialed in here.
You got two out of three brothers telling you that this
person wants to Minecraft these spiders.
And I'm here to tell you, you find out where the spiders are
and then you go to where that is and you punch the fuck out of
the cube that they live in until that part of your house
explodes.
Yes.
That's it.
But I mean, that's one of many ways to do it.
What else are you going to do?
I guess you could carry around, I don't know, like bricks or
like cinder blocks or something and like stack them on top of
the spider.
Does that work in Minecraft?
It does.
Yeah, that'll goosh them up real good.
And then you can take that and you can build a spider guts
wall out of it for your, for a void house for a weirdo who
wants to live in like an HR gig or sort of nightmare zone.
Well, here's some things to keep in mind.
Apparently the spider is a neutral mob.
That means that it will only attack you during the day in
survival mode if you attack it first, but it will always attack
you at night in survival mode.
They get moon horny.
Is this an option to just avoid them during the day and just
sort of like stay closed up in your spider free room through
the evening?
Is that possible?
You don't even have to be.
Yeah, you can.
You don't even have to avoid them during the day.
It sounds like like you guys can like chill in the house and
like go out and talk and they can give you sex advice like
Joe's apartment.
And then after that, but then you're like, yeah, we are
fucking crushing it.
So the spiders are like, yeah, you got to hit it from the back.
And then you're like, oh shit, guys, it's, it's six 42.
I better go board myself up.
And they're like, yeah, man, get to it.
You know how we get.
Boy, I wish I hadn't conjured the specter of Joe's apartment.
It's just there, isn't it?
It's just there.
It's just there.
It's in my mouth.
Jerry O'Connell hovers above your computer now, hoping you'll
reference him two more times and bring the remake to life.
So that's one option.
I hate my book club.
Oh, I thought it'd be cool, but it sucks.
I've been in it for six months, though, and it's a really small
club, so I feel bad about bouncing, especially because
they talked about how grateful they are that I've joined.
Any advice on the best way to leave without looking like a
dick?
What excuse can I give other than I don't like your company
or opinions.
We only meet every six to eight weeks, so I'm really busy.
Seems unbelievable.
That's from looking to leave in LA.
This book club must be the absolute pits.
If in six months, that means you've met at most, what, like
five times?
Yeah, four and a half times.
And you're like, I can't anymore.
If I had an obligation that required me to only remember it
every two months, that would be heaven.
Can you start inviting a lot of dope ballers to your book club?
And it's in, like, a lot of real hip cats, and you get them
to come to the book club and just sort of dilute the shares
of the terrible people until it's a cool book club.
Is that a devoting out situation?
I don't know.
I've never been in a book club.
I see.
That's good.
You could also just kind of dip, and that's my jam, is that
if you are doing something you don't like doing, you dip on
it because best case scenario, they don't actually care that
much that you took off.
And worst case scenario is not really a problem anymore
because you dip, didn't you?
You dip and you have more time to do cool stuff and hang out
with people you enjoy.
Oh, and when they call to check on you, you just say, like,
I finished the book.
I finished the book.
So I thought we were all working together to try and get
through War and Peace, and I beat it.
I beat the boss.
So I don't need your help anymore, guys.
Yeah, we're done, right?
And then act very confused.
And then, I don't know, tell them another book club invited
you over and you liked the book.
They were reading better.
Oh, that's good.
It has nothing to do about them.
You've just always wanted to read Animal Farm.
And so you had to go.
Yeah, I am distrustful of a person that can't come up with
a great lie every six to eight weeks because I can crank out
a bad boy.
I mean, I'm doing this on the daily.
Can't come up with the excuses to not do things.
I think it is suspicious that you can't cook one up every
six to eight weeks because I could definitely come up with
shit I am doing if I was only called to do that every
couple of months.
You could also come dressed up with a sheet with eye holes
cut out in it and you walk in and they're like, why are you
dressed like that?
You'd be like, it's time for me to be honest.
The whole time I thought it was boo club and I came here the
first time thinking it was boo club and I was too embarrassed
to say anything about it.
But I'm here now and I'm just a guy in a ghost costume standing
before a group of people whose opinions I don't respect saying,
do you want to transform this into a boo club?
Because if not, I'm gonzo.
Maybe you guys will have better opinions about ghosts and
paranormal stuff.
I love your company.
I can't stand reading and I also love fighting.
So I want to turn this into a fight club.
And is that an option that's even on the table that we can
talk about?
Because I would love that.
Who wants to destroy something beautiful with me?
Come on, let's do it.
Let's start with the book club.
Not see any hands?
Shoot.
Shoot.
Shoot, okay.
I'm going to start a fight club outside.
Anyone who wants to join me, I will be on the porch during
your book club meetings.
Who's still doing book clubs?
Like who's still, if you really want to bounce some ideas off
the meaning of this shit, like hack into some accelerated
reader tests and take those online and then get good points
that you can spend at Pizza Hut or whatever.
Something.
Something.
Something.
Just call the author.
Did I get it right?
You got it right.
Awesome.
Thank you.
Thank you, Mr. Salinger.
Sorry to bother you.
Sorry to bother you.
That's okay.
No one ever talks to me.
I'm so lonely.
Why doesn't anyone ever want to talk to me?
What's the catcher about difficulties of childhood youth?
I was drunk when I wrote it.
Yes, I think so.
Yes, you got it right.
Hey, do you want to hear?
I've got the first few chapters of Catcher 2 done.
Do you want to hear the picture in their eye?
Hi, you actually got it better than me.
You knew better than what I thought.
You've got it.
I'm passing it down to you now.
Now you're the Salinger.
And he takes off his ring and he turns into bones.
What's really sad is I know you're not a skeleton,
but the first thing I thought is like Emily Deschanel from Bones.
Ah, Trav.
That doesn't make any sense.
I know, but I'm a real character.
Yeah.
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast.
My brother, my brother, main advice show for the modern era.
Yeah, we hope you've enjoyed yourself.
Sorry about all the very obscure references this time.
And a lot of placenta talk there for a while.
A lot of placenta talk.
Just some recommended reading for this week's episode.
You can Google Billy Joel and Google...
Cager, the Washington General's monster.
Joe's Apartment, which was a...
Mental Floss article about that Punky Brewster episode.
Joe's Apartment was a movie based on...
What was it?
Like a...
Like sketches, sketches.
Like a skit.
It's a short...
It's like between show, like commercial basically on MTV.
It's wild.
Okay.
But it is a movie.
They also did.
Roger Ebert wrote at the time,
Joe's Apartment would be a very bad comedy
even without the roaches.
Wow.
Okay.
That's wild.
Really tying their arms behind him there.
Right.
It wouldn't make much sense, I would guess.
It would leave more room for O'Connell to stretch his wings.
To really get out there and strut his stuff.
His acting wings.
We have new...
I don't know if we talked about it, but we have...
We mentioned it last time, but now they're on sale.
We have a ton of shows that have gone on sale recently.
My knowledge of like, see, I'm going to look at that
to tell you all how those shows are doing.
Hold on one second.
Okay.
We're going to be in Cleveland, Cincinnati, Nashville,
Indianapolis, Atlanta, Orlando, Washington DC, Pittsburgh,
Philadelphia, Brooklyn, Chicago, and Minneapolis.
You can find all those at bit.ly forward slash become the monster.
Because it is the become the monster tour.
I know some of those have already sold out.
I'm pretty sure, don't quote me on this, Pittsburgh and Brooklyn
and maybe Minneapolis have sold out already.
So please, if you would like to come see us, tickets are going fast.
So please don't wait.
Go to bit.ly forward slash become the monster and buy tickets to those shows.
So we can see you.
Some will be...
The Adventure Zone shows, most are my Bim Bam shows.
So please come see us.
Also, we have a ton of merch.
If you haven't checked that out in a while,
we're trying to put new stuff up every month.
MacroiMerch.com.
You can also just head to Macroi.family and see the merch listing there
and all our shows there and all that stuff.
Thanks to John Roderick, yeah, and the long winters.
Yeah, man.
For the use of our theme song, It's a Departure, off the internet,
man, for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure, off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed.
It's going to do you right no matter what time it is.
And yeah, thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
And thank you to you for listening and for supporting us,
however you do, unless you don't, and that's okay too.
It's not preferable.
Do you all want the final Yahoo?
Of course.
This one's a real stumper.
It was sent in by Mike.
Thank you, Mike.
It's from Yahoo Answers user, Eva, who does ask, how do people in pie factories
know which box or wrapper to put on a pie if they can't see what's inside of it?
Yes.
Damn, that's good.
My name's Justin Macaroy.
I'm Travis Macaroy.
I'm Griffin Macaroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
School wear on the lips.
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hello, this is Amy Mann and I'm Ted Leo.
And we have a podcast called The Art of Process.
We've been lucky enough over the past year to talk to some of our friends and acquaintances
from across the creative spectrum to find out how they actually work.
So I have to write material that makes sense and makes people laugh.
I also have to think about what I'm saying to people.
If I kick your ass, I'll make you famous.
The fight to get LGBTQ representation in the show.
We weirdly don't know as many musicians as you would expect.
I really just became a political speechwriter by accident.
Realizing that I have accidentally pulled my pants down.
Listen and subscribe at Maximumfun.org or wherever you get your podcasts.
It's like if the guinea pig was complicit in helping the scientist.
