The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to our Brother for Brother mean advice show for the
imaginary. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy. Got a story for you guys.
All right. Does it have spooks and scares or is it more like a jokes and laughs one,
like the funny sermons? You know what's funny? It's got both. Is there any hug and
loving and kissing in it? Yeah, what's it rating MPAA-wise? R. Oh, okay. Some adult content,
but educational adult content. Oh, okay. It's one of those horny,
edutainment movies with spooks and scares. What's the educational nudity? All right.
This will actually, I'll click for you guys when I tell you it's about my upcoming vasectomy.
Oh, so does, you can see how it all kind of tracks, right? Oh my. So just to set the stage,
I did not know. Don't really got to set it more than that. Well, I didn't. This is the first work
here. This is the first sort of vasectomy based conversation that I believe the three of us have
had unless you and Travis are having secret sidebar vasectomy chat. We all share our calendar
and mine has had an appointment labeled vasectomy appointment. You are fucking kidding. We win.
In the calendar, look in the calendar. Yesterday afternoon, blow it up. Justin, I need to know,
do you have any like big plans for the day before your vasectomy? I'll just like some final,
some just bucket list things you want to accomplish. I'll be damned, dude. Yesterday afternoon,
you had a vasectomy appointment, all caps. Oh no, we missed it. I didn't get you a card
or anything. You didn't get me a card or anything. I went to the, I went to get, I got,
gotta get a vasectomy. I'm just crazy about it. I'm crazy about this vasectomy. And it is like,
it, if you're a person with a penis, I think that, you know, it's a pretty, it's like reversible,
unlike, and which is the one negative.
There is a chance you could accidentally reverse it. Like you could pick something up wrong.
There's a lot of, there's a lot of birth control that is less, you know, taxing or more taxing or
whatever. But I just decided vasectomy is the way to go. So I go in, I waited, I would say for like
45 minutes and it was rough because I have no, I mean like I'm not in any way like worried or
nervous or unsure about this, but they were showing a video in the lobby on loop of what it's like to
get a vasectomy. So like some person's balls are just being split open in front of me. Every like
15 minutes, this one clip would pop up. Did it have a little narrator who was just like,
and you're still sure? Yeah. It was like, it's no big deal. You go, we go, just go in and clip
the vas deferens and, and then we get out in and out. Was it the Jurassic park DNA strand?
Who's like, there's going to be less of me kind of popping around. It's pretty close to that. We
got, uh, when I went in, I, uh, there was a, I was so bored. There was like a hearing test kiosk
that I like sat and took a hearing test. So I was waiting for-
Now not during, right? You weren't taking a hearing test during.
No, but I go back-
How'd the hearing test go? Probably not great.
Bad actually. My hearing is just as suspected bad. Um, but I just don't, I feel like I don't
want to go into doctor's offices every week to get something about my broken 30 year old body.
So at this point you've just accepted like, this doesn't work.
It doesn't work. That's life. So I get back there and there's a nurse back there to take my vitals.
And the first thing she says is, so you don't want any more kids?
Wow.
And I was like, um, feels like if you went to buy a car and someone's like,
you sure you want to pay for gas all the time? I think she was just making conversation.
I literally have no idea why she would decided to pitch it this way. And I said, um, yeah,
no, I'm for sure, for sure, for sure, for sure, for sure, for sure, for sure.
You should have said to the nurse that asked you that question. You should have been like,
oh yeah, I totally want more kids. Wait, should I not? Can I not do that?
Wait, I thought this was just sort of an aesthetic choice. You're telling me, wow.
I just want to walk around with my vas deferens hanging out through my scrotum. No big deal.
Now, Justin, were you worried about like a rookie of the year scenario
in which you would have this procedure done?
You would nut super hard every time you did.
It would really amaze Daniel Stern.
Yeah. So she asked me what I did for a living, and that's always a good conversation.
So I tried to muddle my way through that. Oh, by the way, she asked me,
you don't want any more kids? I said, and I didn't even like monitor my tone.
It's just what like belched out of me was, no. She said, why not? I said, got them.
Got kids. Checked off the boxes.
Got them. Got a lot of kids. All good. No more thank you.
I got Boardwalk and Park Place. I'm not going to eat any more Big Macs.
So we, I was, the doctor finally made his way in about an hour after I got there.
And he has me, he said, the first thing he says is like, so what do you do for a living?
And I'm just like trying to explain. It's like, oh God.
I was like, this sounds so stupid, but like, I guess like technically
entertainer, I guess, I don't know. It's like, it's where my brothers and I do podcasts.
And then we just like wrote a, we're like, we just wrote a graphic novel that just came out.
And we do like these live, he cuts me off. He's like, do you lift heavy things?
No, no, I don't. I don't.
You, you've, you're in the career path that you're in so that you explicitly
never have to lift anything heavy.
And that's all he was trying to ascertain. Like dude did not need my fucking LinkedIn.
I thought you were going to say, he was like, wait, are you Taco?
Are you Justin McElroy? Oh my God.
I'm honored to be working on your balls.
What a treat to be working on your balls.
And he, he, uh, he said, um, we can, we can give you, uh, some Valium before.
And the, another option is, um, you can do the gas that'll knock you out for it.
And it's like 80 bucks more.
So I don't know what 80 bucks is worth, but it's that apparently.
So like $80. And I don't know why he knew the amount like right off the top of his head,
but it's like $80 where I want to knock myself out with gas for this ball procedure.
Um, but then he's like, okay, stand up and take off your pants.
I did. I did. I acquiesced.
And you tore away your tear away pants.
Yeah. And I dropped my pants and, um.
Did he say, this is too big, man. I can't, I wouldn't even know where to find
the vas deferens in this thing.
He just grabbed, he just grabbed, grabbed my vas deferens, both of them.
And he, this is not bullshit.
Without looking, it was amazing.
He pinched them and I, and I felt like, oh God, oh boyzy.
And he said, this is, these are his words.
Can you tolerate that?
Wow.
Fuck yeah, I can tolerate it. Look at me.
Some people black out when I do that.
If you can tolerate that.
And he was like, if you tolerate that, we should be good to go.
Some people black out and then, but in the back of my head was thinking,
fuck, if I was one of those people that blacked out, I could save myself $80.
You just pinched my vas deferens.
Also, where's the word of warning?
Like, hey, I'm about to pinch some stuff.
You might black out.
The other word that I didn't get was like, you can pull your pants back up.
Cause we were like a few sort of conversational threads into this discussion
before I was like, can I cover my balls or?
Tell me more about podcasting.
Yeah, is there more we need to address?
So we go, we finished that appointment.
I made my appointment for the thing.
He said, you'll need a driver, which it was a fun, like,
give it a fun sort of heist feel.
The theft of Justin's ability to create.
Call Statham.
I got a guy working on my balls.
You need a no baby driver.
So I'm in the sort of checkout area and I'm getting a date for when I could get my vasectomy.
The doctor at first offered me, how about tomorrow?
And that was a part of me was like, fuck yeah, let's go.
And I told him, it was like, unfortunately, actually that won't work for me
cause I'm gonna have to watch both of my kids all day by myself.
But I'll definitely be ready for a vasectomy after that.
So let's go ahead and we scheduled it out as I'm standing in the checkout area
when they're making my appointment.
And the lady's like, so there's a couple of things you just need to be aware of.
When you come, you're gonna need to bring somebody to drive you
and a valium to take and a jockstrap.
And I'm like, you know I don't have a jockstrap.
And she's like, you can get one in the gift shop and bring it with you.
And she said, you're gonna need to wear a jockstrap.
She said, you're gonna have some swelling for about 48 hours.
Sexual activity will be okay after a week.
And you're gonna need to wear the jockstrap for two weeks to alleviate the discomfort.
I was like, so really the sexual activity will be okay in two weeks?
I'm like, let's go ahead.
And the question of sexual activity will be off the table
as long as the jockstrap is in the equation.
Okay, so we got the jockstrap.
And then the last thing, this is wild, you gotta come back.
She's like, you're gonna need 20 evacuations after you have the surgery.
And then we'll test your sperm count again.
So it could, and then you'll be sort of like clear for, you know, sex without condoms.
But 20 evacuations, so it could be, you know,
three or four months before we're ready to test that.
In my head, I'm like, yeah, it could be.
I was so happy she snuck in three or four months
because I was ready to be like, oh, so just a few.
Oh, never mind.
It's not just like a six pack of Gatorade or whatever.
So do you have a waiting room or is there something comfortable?
20's a tall order.
Jesus Christ.
But this is the worst part.
She's like, at that point, she gets like really vague,
like upsettingly vague about this sample procedure.
And she was like, so you'll just have the cups
and you'll bring in the cups and we'll test them.
And I was like, okay, like, where are the cups coming from?
Oh, we'll have them here.
And she was like, and then you want to take them to the,
oh, let me actually scratch that out in the form.
See, it says you used to take them here and she scratches it out.
She's like, but actually you're going to take them to the lab
and they're actually at this different address.
And she scratches it out and writes something else in.
Then she's like, and their times are different actually,
scratching it out and right back again.
So at this point, like I'm going to bring a cup of juice to somebody
can we please nail down exactly when and where that is happening?
Like, I don't even know where I get the cups.
Like, will you give me the cups here?
I actually asked her like, I don't know how to say this,
but will I prepare the sample at home
or will I prepare the sample here?
That seems like a small question.
It's the biggest difference humanly possible.
The biggest difference, like she said, and it could be,
it doesn't have to be right away,
but it should be within two hours of procuring the sample.
And I'm like, ma'am, I cannot weigh the social ramification.
Please just tell me exactly how many minutes
and I'll do it perfectly.
I don't want to rush, but I don't want to be late.
I want to know the exact method this is happening.
Here you go, still steaming.
Right.
No, you nasty pervert.
The cups, you're supposed to use different cups.
It's only been 10 minutes.
It's way too soon.
You just cranked off.
You just cranked it.
Did you already have your shoes on
and your keys in your other hand?
What are you doing?
We did a temperature scan on this.
You're a dirty pervert.
It's how close you live.
So we have security cameras, okay?
You can't do that.
We did it like the Predator.
This stuff's magma red hot.
Also, you have no sperm.
Congratulations.
But also, also nice.
The cum puzzle has been solved.
I'm now like worried about,
there is going to be a period,
when people talk about the back catalog of the show,
there is going to be a jockstrap period
where I did record wearing a jockstrap for a while.
What if that's your best word?
Maybe that's like, yeah,
then I'll have to keep it on all the time.
It'll get like superstitious about it.
I do see in the calendar now,
your actual vasectomy day,
the day vasectomy will happen.
It's, and I know it is
because I'm not going to say what day it is
because I don't want you to get tweets from people
like congratulating you or checking in on how you're doing.
So just go ahead and start sending those in nonstop
for the next month.
But it does say vasectomy in all caps
with a big exclamation point,
which is one nice,
because it notes just how excited you are
for this procedure.
But it also lets me know that I am going to see you
during the jockstrap period
because my seeing you will be within two weeks of this date.
So I'm, I can't wait.
Oh yeah, within two weeks of this date,
we will be on tour, won't we?
Yeah, we sure will, bud.
I just need a little bit to process the fact
that I'm going to be walking around Disney World
with my balls in my hands.
Oh, no!
You will be at Disney World in a jockstrap.
It's a small world.
It's going to be, oh, rough, rough time.
All right, well, that's going to be a cool trip.
I'm sure I'll be fine by then.
So anyway, that's like my sort of situation.
That's where I'm at in my walk.
Let's move on to the questions, though.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
About two weeks ago,
a set of keys was found near a set of mailboxes
in my neighborhood.
Someone hung them on a nearby bulletin board,
but no one has claimed them.
There's a store loyalty card on the key chain,
and I happen to know there's a vulnerability
in the company's website
that would allow me to access their personal information,
including a phone number and email address.
Is it okay to obtain and use that information
to contact them and help them get their keys back?
PS, I reported the vulnerability to the company months ago,
but they don't seem interested in fixing it.
That's from Helpful Hacker in Redacted.
Fuck yeah, I'm in.
I'm doing good.
I'm a white hat.
I'm into the Aldi network database.
I found the sarin gas.
Release sarin gas in all Aldis.
Cancel sarin gas, but I could.
Why do they even have this command?
Piggly Wiggly has just forwarded me 15 Bitcoins
to release sarin gas in all the Aldis.
Is that a lot or not many?
I don't even know if 15 Bitcoin,
is that like 15 cents or $15?
How does that, is it?
How many Bitcoins?
I'm gonna say it's probably about quarter million dollars.
You could do a lot of crimes to me
if it meant I get my keys or wallet back.
If I lose my keys or wallet, not my phone.
Losing my phone is annoying
and it's gonna be kind of expensive,
but like I can spend the money
and get like the insurance coverage on the phone
to do the thing and I'll get the phone back.
But my keys, holy shit.
If I lost my keys, that's my month
is just getting reassembling the fellowship
of the key ring of just getting,
like I would have to first remember
all the keys I have on my key ring
and then my wallet, fucking forget about it.
If my wallet disappears,
then I'm just gonna like start over,
change my identity, you know?
Cause it's, there's no point.
There's no point.
I could not tell you the cards that are in there.
So like I would let you,
I wouldn't mind you hacking the Aldi website
to get my info if it meant reuniting me.
Here's what I'm more worried about.
I would also love to have my keys back
though I only have three keys,
but I do have a really great like Tardis key chain on there
that I love and I wouldn't know where to get a replacement.
Yeah, it's like one of those like,
it's shaped like a hotel room, you know,
like diamonds and it's like information
about the Tardis and stuff.
But it's not, it's not three-dimensional.
It's not a three-dimensional.
It's a flat key.
That's what I thought is that you had a phone box
in your pocket, okay.
No, but what I'd be worried about
is the information that you could access here
of like Travis went to the grocery store
and like had a week where he really thought
he was gonna get into fancy cheeses
and bought too much cheese one weekend.
Like that's information I don't want you to have about me.
I'm also disappointed in whatever grocery store chain
this is that you reached out to them
and was like, hey, there's a backdoor
and they're like, well, okay, whatever.
It happens.
Oh, I mean, literally nobody gives a shit.
I think go ahead and hack them.
And I don't usually say that.
I usually think that the hack is not good.
Here's the thing though.
It's been two weeks.
So my point being is like this person's probably
already working on like rebuilding their key chain.
They might even be like done.
And now like two or three weeks later,
you're like, here they are.
Like they've just gotten over the fact
that they've lost and replaced these keys.
Can you imagine?
I was thinking when Griff was talking about
how sort of terrible this would be for his keys and wallet.
Like it would be unfathomably annoying.
Like no argument there.
Can you imagine if this could happen for internet?
Can you imagine how kind of like
if just one day you woke up and you're like,
I can't do it at all.
I can't.
Like you can't.
Hold on, Justin, just to follow up.
It's all internet.
I can't internet.
And all my internet is gone from me, right?
I can't get to it, but it is gone.
Like it's not gonna, not like some weird hacker is like,
it's gone.
Like your internet is like a physical thing in the world
and you just can't get into it.
So you can't check your sites?
Can't check your sites.
I could do this now, right?
Just log off, go to a cabin.
But what if people start talking shit?
Oh, okay.
What if people are asking questions about your vasectomy
and you can't be there to answer them?
Yes, I won't be there to answer them.
So I can't do that.
It's like, I don't know what the,
I'm having trouble sort of like conceiving this.
I was just thinking about how like,
it would be really nice,
it would be almost kind of nice with a wallet
cause there's like, you get a lot of cruft
and it's like, okay, well I just need like,
all I need is like a license and a card.
And like after that, I'm just, I don't care.
I'll figure out the AAA's phone number.
Like if I need to contact them, whatever, no problem.
I do have a lot of junk in my wallet.
It's just a lot of junk.
And I just kind of wish you could do that with like internet
where like, I just need this email address.
Just empty it out?
What if I just emptied out my internet?
Fuck yes.
Okay.
I've got a fucking lick ice cream frequent,
ice cream buyer card that's all the way punched out.
Hell yeah.
I get a free fucking pint of ice cream.
Are you kidding me?
What else is in here?
What's in my wallet?
Let me see.
Anybody, hey, this is a funny, hold on, wait.
This can be like a funny bit.
Anybody got, anybody got a Jimmy cap?
Anybody got a, anybody got a rubber?
Ah, no.
Yeah, I don't either.
All right.
Here's a Yahoo.
This one was sent in by Adrian Cowles.
Thank you, Adrian.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
They're anonymous.
I'll call them Cody asks.
Well, people think I'm tough if I talk through clenched teeth
and wear sunglasses.
They might think you have to go to the bathroom really bad.
I don't know, Trav.
I think it could be pretty bad ass.
I think you could sound like a real tough, okay.
Can you show me which way it is to the rallies?
Do you know, see, that sounds, Griffin, like you need to shit.
Or you're angry at rallies.
Let me try.
Where's the closest rallies?
If you sound like a representation of like a physical manifestation of anger,
like the Lewis Black character in Inside Out,
is that tough or are you just kind of fussy?
Is there a way to talk through clenched teeth and not sound angry?
Like if you were like, oh, I love rallies.
No, that still sounds like you're pretty pissed off.
Okay, let me try again.
Let me try again.
I love rallies.
I don't know how to diagnose that one, Trav.
Okay, okay.
Can it be inspirational?
Like what?
It always seems impossible until it's done, Nelson Mandela.
That kind of sounded a little bit like the Joker and Batman had a raspy voiced baby.
Yeah, but I do appreciate the quote.
I found it uplifting.
Was that somebody speaking to Nelson Mandela or did you include that?
Hey, Nelson Mandela.
It was both.
It was someone quoting Nelson Mandela to Nelson Mandela.
So Nelson Mandelbeck, okay, you got me.
And Nelson Mandela thinking, wow, I'm uplifted and that person's tough.
Yeah, that's a very tough version.
I'll say this.
The sunglasses are going to go a long fucking way to looking tough.
Let me offer a similar but different option.
Sunglasses and your teeth never touch.
So you say like, let's go to the rallies.
Has anybody seen my Bible?
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, and today is a gift.
That's why they call it the present.
Nelson Mandela.
Actually, Kung Fu Panda.
Okay.
I found a page of 10 life changing Kung Fu Panda insurational quotes.
Ah, cool.
Let's figure out which one is the toughest.
Which one of these KFP quotes can Justin make sound the most hard ass?
Okay.
That was Master Oogway, of course.
Your story may not have such a happy beginning,
but that does not make you who you are.
It is the rest of it.
Who you choose to be.
It's from the Seasayer.
Not exactly pithy.
No, it's a little wordy.
Do you have sunglasses?
Do you have sunglasses?
Yeah.
I know you have your fucking Gunnars,
but those have never made anybody look tough ever in the history of time.
Okay, here we go.
I got my sunglasses on now.
Tap them so I can hear it.
Yeah, tap them against the mic.
Okay.
He could be tapping anything.
I believe him. Master Oogway says,
There are no accidents.
Okay, wait.
Shit, no, that was bad.
That was fucking hard ass, dude.
There are some, though.
That one's just-
But there are accidents.
There are accidents.
If I knock over my cup and I'm like,
oh, I'm so sorry, and you're like,
there are no accidents.
There was an answer on this,
and it's from an anonymous user who says,
do you have a jaw issue?
And then follows that up with,
sunglasses are way fucking tough.
Yeah, for sure.
Me and my family like to go out and eat every weekend.
And one of our favorite places to visit
is a local Mexican food restaurant,
but recently we've been avoiding the restaurant
since one of the staff there keeps asking us riddles
while we order.
Oh my God in heaven.
He won't even ask us if we want to hear them anymore.
He just starts asking us riddles until we've lost our appetite.
There was even an instance where the whole night
he just kept trying to get us to invest in Bitcoin.
And that's not a riddle.
That's different.
Well, is it a riddle, Justin?
How does Bitcoin work?
I love this restaurant since it has amazing burritos,
but this guy repels us from going back.
How should I confront this burrito riddler
so that I can enjoy a nice meal
without being forced to listen to his musings?
That's from Gmail.
I just-
If meat and cheese wrapped up by bring to thee,
you must answer me, visa riddles three.
It's just, are the riddles Mexican food based
or are they just anything goes?
Okay, what do you guys think about this?
I just read these on Reddit about riddles.
Oh, what was it?
So there's like a guy and it's a puddle of the food.
Oh, what was that?
Well, like how does he just have these riddles ready to go?
Is he reading them from a book?
What's he steal?
And why does he want you to invest in Bitcoin?
I just don't see...
It just makes me...
I don't want to do a riddle then, but sometimes I do.
And that's the problem with riddles
is you can never get a nice brain tickler
when you need one.
And I don't really want to do that
when I'm trying to eat Mexican food.
Where is this guy when I'm on a long car trip with my wife?
Because then we can really use a nice little cerebral diversion
to sort of ponder over.
Especially when it's time to order,
which I think we can all agree,
no matter how confident you are in what meal you want,
as soon as someone asks you,
it becomes like the most high stress,
like, oh, please let me go last.
Like, why would that be the time to ask me some riddles?
I'm barely keeping it together, ordering from you.
I googled taco riddles
because I did want to have one where you could like...
My grand plan was,
what if you twisted it back on him with a taco riddle?
And like that would really knock him for a loop.
And I found an online riddle database that's crowdsourced.
So the quality of the riddles,
specifically the one I found,
and then as I continue to peruse the site,
all on this site is questionable.
So I don't have...
I wanted you guys to know
that when I don't have anything to add to this,
it's not for lack of trying.
I tried a few things.
I looked and I just couldn't bring home the bacon this time.
Well, hold on, Justin.
Let us hear them.
Don't just assume that.
Hit us with those gems.
Okay, well, here's the one riddle on the internet about tacos.
Riddle.
This is from riddles.com,
which is my new fucking homepage.
I have 10 tacos.
My friend eats three of his.
I eat 11.
How many do I have left by tomorrow?
How many do I have left by tomorrow?
Wait, what?
Okay.
Okay, I got it, I got it, I got it.
I'm gonna read this one more time.
I have 10 tacos.
My friend eats three of his.
I eat 11.
How many do I have left by tomorrow?
You have negative one taco.
No, I've got it.
No, Travis.
The riddles are all about sort of open-minded way of thinking.
And the answer to this one is the doctor was his mom.
Oh, they don't bury alive tacos.
They all fuse into a piece of feces in my toilet.
Yum.
That's the answer.
Holy shit, doctor.
Just saying.
Hey guys, here's another riddle.
What do ghosts eat for breakfast?
Cereal with boo-berries?
No.
No.
No, blueberry pancakes.
Invisible eggs.
Dreaded wheat.
Fucking hell, man.
Damn, dude.
Great riddles that get frazzled out through the ages are very challenging.
And riddles.com is where people can come and just sort of do whatever.
Just sort of play around and explore the space.
I'm deep in the guts of this website right now.
Here's one.
Oh, I got one for you.
I'm neither liquid nor solid or gas.
I'm used to create famous things, but I do not get any fame.
If you merge solid and liquid, you will find the other part of who I am.
What am I?
What?
I am paint.
Hey, paint's liquid.
Hey, what are you doing?
What are you doing?
You're not.
You're not paint.
What are you doing?
I am not water or soda or beer or wine,
but I am a wet liquid that you drink and I'm not milk.
What am I?
I'm water.
But a different kind of water than what you were thinking of.
That's a good riddle.
Damn, could this be?
Advice is played.
Can we all agree that advice is played?
Riddles are where it's at.
That's where it's at.
Okay, you can carry it everywhere you go and it does not get heavy.
What is it?
I don't know what.
Okay, one, we can spend the next 45 minutes listing things
that fit that clarification.
The answer is your name.
Okay, but like also a light bag, a balloon.
Like there are lots of things, a grain of sand.
Hey, guys, I'm big as an elephant, but lighter than a feather.
What am I?
You know, the wind.
That wind is as big as an elephant.
This is riddles.com.
This should be like brain teasers.fart, not like riddles.com,
which should be the web address of like the internet's premiere riddle source.
Here's one for you.
Which of these words is the odd one out?
Apple, care, or strawberry?
Care?
The answer is not care.
The answer is strawberry because apple and care end with an E,
but strawberry doesn't.
Okay, but like.
Seriously, you just can't do that.
Just can't do that. That's not how any of it works.
You can't.
You simply can't.
Okay, you ready?
I like this one.
The hand sows, the eye harvests.
That's the riddle?
Yep.
The hand sows, the eye harvests.
I ask again, that's the riddle.
Yep.
Answer, to read and to write.
Okay, we gotta go to Money Zone.
We could do this all day.
This is the dumbest shit I've ever seen.
This is worse than Yahoo Answers and it's riddles.com.
This should be a fucking honored website.
I want to do one more just to like get us into the Money Zone.
Help me solve this, is the name of this one.
Riddle, I have six legs, three eyes, five tails, 20 ears, and half a head.
Who am I?
Answer, I don't know.
Please help me solve this.
Are you kidding me?
Oh, riddles.com.
No.
All right.
Well, the hunt is on.
I've got the beginning of a riddle.
I feel like this is a riddle I've started.
We have a considerable platform here, boys, that we need to use responsibly.
We are now crowdsourcing the hunt.
Give me the numbers again, Juice.
Juice.
I have six legs, three eyes, five tails, 20 ears, and half a head.
Who am I?
Yeah.
So get out there.
Get looking, friends.
Write in your theories.
Work together.
I want to see this on the message boards.
Do your math.
I want to see people helping this person figure this one out.
Oh, my good god.
Oh, I had such a great dinner last night, y'all.
It was meatballs in like a soy glaze over rice and peppers.
Very delicious.
Very quick to make.
Very satisfying.
And the fancy restaurant I got it at was, what was the name of it?
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
My Kitchen.
Whoa.
Believe it or not, it's from Blue Apron, where you're going to get delicious, high-quality
ingredients that you will make into absolutely stunning meals that you will not be able to
believe that you yourself cooked.
If you thought like, hey, I should learn to cook a little bit better or get into some
new recipes or try some new ingredients that maybe you've never messed around with, Blue
Apron is a great way to get started.
They've got chef-designed recipes and exciting partnerships.
Some of the recipes that are going to be coming up in the next few weeks are hidden right
now because they're going to be determined by MasterChef.
That's exciting.
There's even a Bob's Burgers-themed meal coming up soon.
Get out.
Yeah, I'm serious.
So check out this week's menu.
Get your first three meals free at BlueApron.com slash my brother.
That's BlueApron.com slash my brother.
Blue Apron, a better way to cook.
Can I tell you about Wink?
Yes.
Wink's real good.
Wink will help you figure out what wine's good and then bring it right to your door.
There's a guy, his name is Todd Winkles, and he will come to your house.
He carries the box, and he sets it down really gently, and a lot of these wine delivery companies,
they won't set the box down gently.
At that point, you don't got nice bottles of wine that have been sort of tailored for
your taste buds.
You got a wet doormat, a wet wine stain doormat.
Wink won't do you like that.
They got online ordering.
They got quick shipping.
They got personalized recommendations.
The only way that Wink can make wine discovery, the act of it, easier is if they drank it
for you.
A lot of other wine delivery companies will do this.
Companies will do that.
They do do that.
They insist on that.
It's always two for you, one for us.
Thanks for buying us this wine, they say.
And Todd Winkles will really want to, and if you invite him in for a glass, he will
appreciate it, but he loves this red stuff and this white stuff sometimes.
It's pink and bubbly, but he won't do it.
He will resist the temptation.
Anyway, it's Wink, W-I-N-C-E, W-I-N-C-E.
It's wince.
What a riddle.
W-I-N-C, this is my riddle.
What is the wrong way to spell a company's name and then not get paid for a commercial.
Wink makes it easy to discover the great wine by-
Discover the great wine.
I don't know what's wrong with me.
It's the greatest wine.
I don't know what's wrong with me.
Why am I incapable of reading it and talking it the same?
It's in all of the greats.
What's happening to me?
Jesus Christ.
They match wines to your taste
and ship them right to your door.
They got no membership fees.
You can skip any month, cancel any time.
Anyway, go to trywink.com slash my brother.
You're gonna get $20 off your first shipment.
That's T-R-Y-W-I-N-C.com slash my brother for 20 bucks off.
Trywink.com slash my brother.
Oh, thank God.
I got a message from Jamie to Matt.
Happy anniversary.
Since we have one in August and one in December,
I have a higher chance of getting this message
to you on time.
I'm thrilled that my relentless onslaught
of making you listen to McElroy podcasts worked
and that we can enjoy them together now.
Thanks for 13 years of loves, laughs, and vidya games.
I love you and I like your back.
Nice.
Like your, I like your back.
Oh, I thought you said I like you back, but it's your back.
I said it right.
I can read and talk at the same time.
All right, no need to get like that about it.
Yeah, I enjoy good back.
This is a message for B and it's from your Tom.
Oops, fuck, that's right.
From me to the McElroys to you.
Thanks for showing up to the club fair,
dining to Monster Factory with me,
and all the other more serious and mushy ways
you've changed my life for the better, you electro cutie.
No matter when you hear this,
I know I can't wait to see you.
Ernie and Brian are okay too, I guess.
Was the intro to that message Tom realizing
that they have to actually write something?
Yes, I do think that Tom maybe didn't know
that Tom was gonna get through and Tom just decided
that they were gonna make it up kind of on the spot.
I love that.
You did good, Tom, you did good.
You did prefer for this to pop off around March 2nd,
so we are not accommodating you there on that note,
but still, here we are.
Here's a message for Jonathan Kane.
It's from May, Andrew, Artemis, and Matchy who say,
hey Slippery Boy, thank you so much for existing
and we're so glad we met you.
You and the Kane clan are always in our hearts,
especially Papa Kane.
You're the most special garbage boy
and bigger than life itself.
We love you more than the world.
Keep filling our lives with 69 jokes.
Oh wait, 69 jokes?
Or maybe exactly 69.
You've told us 57 jokes and eight jokes,
we're done with you.
Love the Sin Siblings and the other Ding Dongs
in Underwater Piss Utopia.
So there's a lot of stuff in that one
that I didn't quite understand.
Is this underground wrestling?
Because I've been trying to find a foothold in that world.
I think we might be talking about
some real backyard shit, boys.
Hi, I'm Allie Girtz.
And I'm Julia Prescott
and we're Everything's Coming Up Simpsons.
We are a Simpsons podcast on the Maximum Fun Network
and we've got some exciting news.
Ooh, tell me.
We are going to be doing some live podcast shows
in some of our favorite cities.
We're so excited and we wanna let you guys know
out there in the Max Fun universe
that we are coming to you.
Hell yeah. Hell yeah.
On Saturday, September 15th,
we will be at the North Door in Austin, Texas.
Yee-haw.
On Saturday, December 1st,
we will be at the Alamo Drafthouse,
Sloan's Lake in Denver, Colorado.
There's no basement in the Alamo.
We'll find out.
Friday, December 7th,
we are gonna be at the Vera Project in Seattle, Washington.
Oh God, Nirvana.
Yes. Okay.
And Saturday, December 8th,
we will be at Mississippi Studios in Portland, Oregon.
Hey, Matt Groening lives there.
Yes. Or once lived there.
He still lives there in our hearts.
So make sure that you mark your calendars for those dates
and we will be posting the ticketing links
on our Twitter that is at SimpsonsPod
and we will smell you later.
I have a friend who plays live music in bars
and restaurants as a primary source of income.
He has a great steady gig at a hotel restaurant
except for one tiny problem.
Every time he plays.
Why? Why is this true?
Every time he plays a solo show there,
he is contractually obligated to play Stacy's Mom
by Fountains of Wayne.
Not a joke.
He did not read his contract carefully enough
before signing and now legally,
it's required for him to apply for fictional mom
at least once a week.
Brothers, it's been almost a year of this
and my friend now hates this song more than anything.
Is there anything I can do
to help him get out of this situation?
That's for Sick of Stacy's Mom in Southern Maine,
which actually almost kind of sounds like
Fountains of Wayne. Fountains of Wayne.
Very good.
Let me get something out of the way
before we get into this question.
Fountains of Wayne is a good band,
but I can understand how there are very few songs
that I think you would play them every single time
you played a gig that you would still feel great about.
Now, I bet even Fountains of Wayne,
if they had to do this, would be like,
okay, we feel like we're doing this song.
Hey Travis, do you think maybe in 2003,
you think maybe they might have done that
around that period?
Hey buh buh buh buh boys,
I don't know if Fountains of Wayne is actively touring.
I'm gonna bet Fountains of Wayne
don't get to leave the building
if they don't do Stacy's Mom.
I'm sorry. Yes.
Yeah, they're gonna go ahead
and bang that one out for everybody
every single time they perform.
Of course, they're making like big coin off of that.
Like they, I don't know,
maybe they don't have to do Stacy's Mom every time.
I would think they would probably have a hard time
not doing Stacy's Mom.
Before we talk about anything else,
we need to talk about why this was in a contract,
a legal contract that a lawyer probably helped do.
I have two guesses.
Guess one, that the bar is like called Stacy's.
Okay. Or the owner
or like the bartender's name is Stacy
and it's like a fun thing.
Or two, at their audition for this gig,
this musician friend played Stacy's Mom
and they were like, oh my God,
it's the best, I love that song.
Yes, but you gotta do that every time.
And he was like, okay, you got it.
And then didn't know that it was like,
that was actually in the contract
because that is the song that got them the gig.
Or the bar is owned and operated and themed
after Fountains of Wayne.
That's also- Now we're talking about it.
That's also possible.
Maybe a Fountains of Wayne themed bar.
Soda Fountains of Wayne.
Soda Fountains of Wayne.
There's no alcohol served at this bar.
No, it's a strictly Christian staff.
Straight edge Christian Fountains of Wayne themed bar.
Profoundly unpopular.
Oh, I'm there, I'm there.
And it's just one big,
and it's not a soda fountain in the traditional sense.
It's a literal water feature in the middle of the floor,
but it's sort of a caffeine-free Mountain Dew feature
and all of the teens just come around
and they stick their head over the jets
and get just the blast of that fresh mountain flavor
while they do just dance and just enjoy the night
to the music of Fountains of Wayne.
And it's nice because you can drop your kids off there
and you know it's safe.
Like you know there's no alcohol.
I liked Fountains of Wayne before Stacey's mom happened
and I felt very vindicated.
But then they won Best New Artist Grammy,
which is so baffling to me
because they'd been operating for like a full decade
before that actually happened.
But anyway.
Yeah, Stacey's mom's 15 years old.
That's wild.
That's so wild.
The song is.
The mother in the subject of the song is.
Stacey's mom is in the Guinness Book of Records.
Youngest mom with a teenage kid.
Doesn't make sense her daughter's one year older than her.
Is there some stank you can put on the song Stacey's Mom
to like freshen it up?
Stacey's Mom, A Look Back.
And it's like, you know what, I realize now
that maybe it was just a childhood crush.
I think Griffin is more thinking we take it to the islands
with a reggae cover.
No, that was actually wasn't.
That was the opposite of what I was thinking.
Griffin wants to take it on to the islands.
No, I think that'd be hugely problematic,
but I would, you know, like a nice bossa nova might be okay.
Maybe redo it, but in a minor key.
Oh, that's fun.
Stacey's Mom.
Let me look up the chords.
Or maybe write a song about Stacey's dad.
Have we talked about this before?
Stacey's dad is back from work.
He's doing his best with his ship collection.
Grills a real good steak and can fix the lawnmower.
I know it is a pretty much equal, just normal,
but I think Stacey's dad is a good guy.
He's trying his best.
He doesn't know how to relate to his teenage daughter,
but he's doing his best.
My guitar's open tuned, so I can't play this,
but it's just E-A-B-A.
But so it'd be E minor, A minor, B minor, A minor.
And you could probably do a good-
Why are you open?
Why did you open tune?
You know, I like to get Tinder on it.
Yeah, I think you're just lazy.
You want it to sound good when you're not hitting.
Do you got your guitar?
Do you got your guitar on you?
Yeah.
Give me an E minor.
Okay.
Stacey's- Stacey's-
And then A minor.
A minor?
Is that A minor?
Yeah.
Stacey's mom has got it going on.
B minor.
Stacey, can I come over after school?
Haunting.
You're in the major.
You're in the major.
We can hang around by the pool.
Did your mom get back from her business trip?
You went back to the major.
Listen, I know you want to play the major
because it sounds so good, but it's got to be minor.
Is she there or is she trying to give me the slip?
Why, Stacey's mom has been dead for over 50 years.
Oh, now see the pre- the pre-chorus
is already slightly minor.
Let's just jump to the-
Fuck the pre-chorus.
Get to the chorus.
Oh boy, that used to be.
Stacey's mom has got it going on.
She's all I want and I've waited for so long.
Stacey, can't you see you're just a G7 minor girl for me.
C sharp minor.
I know it might be wrong,
but I'm in love with Stacey's mom.
No, God bless.
Mom.
Yeah, so you do that and it's like
if your parents have you mow the lawn all the time
and you mow the lawn super bad once,
you don't have to mow the lawn anymore.
Justin, I thought you did a great job
at doing a bad job at that song.
The problem is that I was bringing the melody into the mix
because I don't know, I can't transpose that
in my head on the fly.
So I was trying to eyeball what that melody
would look like in a minor key.
No, I know it's a fun song.
I don't blame you.
It's a fun song and what you did to it is a perversion.
And so that was your body reflexively
trying to sing the fun song.
That was like sneezing.
It was like sneezing, Justin.
It was just like sneezing.
Folks, thanks so much for listening.
We hope you have enjoyed yourself
aside from the music part there.
Sorry about that.
It was good.
It was good, you did a good, bad job.
You know, I did my best.
We've got some, if you wanna come see us,
we're gonna be out and about this nation of ours.
Trav is gonna be in Newport, Kentucky on August 11th.
Dad and I are gonna be in August 11th at Barbersville.
And then Travis and dad are gonna be
in Lexington on August 18th.
And those are all signings for the Taz graphic novel.
So come on out to those.
You can find the detours at macroshows.com slash tours.
We've also got, and I think there's a few tickets left
for our show in Orlando, August the 31st
at the Walt Disney Theater.
That is also macroshows.com slash tours.
You may be able to get tickets for the Atlanta show
that's on September 1st, but that may also be sold out.
I'm not exactly clear.
But no, there's a few seats for that if you wanna come.
So please come see us at Atlanta.
That's gonna be fun.
It's gonna be a really fun one.
I also think maybe we might,
I would like, I think I might be doing some stuff
at DragonCon that same weekend.
I'll let you know.
But if you are gonna come to those shows,
please send in your Orlando and Atlanta yahoos
and regular questions.
Make sure to put that in the subject line.
Also, PodCon, the fundraiser IndieGoGo for PodCon 2
is going on right now.
Help us fund it so we can have an even better second PodCon,
one of my favorite conventions I've ever done.
And Justin and I helped found,
you can go to bit.ly slash McElroyPodCon 2
to become a donor.
And that's a good way to go ahead and get your tickets.
And our graphic novel is on sale.
You can get it at theadventurezonecomic.com
or at many fine booksellers.
Thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for these for a theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a very, very good album.
And we're so fortunate that we get to use that song
as our theme and have for many years now.
And thank you to MaxFun for having us on the network.
You can go to maximumfun.org,
check out all the great shows there.
Shows like Story Break,
shows like the Beef and Dairy Network,
shows like Tights and Fights,
and so many more at maximumfun.org.
Do y'all want that final?
Oh, one more thing.
Schmaners is coming to the London Podcast Festival,
I believe September 8th.
Whoa.
And we're gonna have a ticket link for that
on macroshows.com slash two words.
Here's that final.
It was sent in by a Level 9000 Yadru Druid,
Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's Yadru Answers user.
Matt 85.
Matt 85 asks,
have you ever bought a burger from a burger van?
My name is Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy. This has been my brother, my brother and me. Kiss your dad, square on the lips.
Hey, girls, do you wanna just say, hey, I wanna?
Debunking.
Rebunking.
Regular sized bunking.
Boaty McBoatface.
Do any of these words make sense to you?
Then maybe Trends Like These is the podcast you should be listening to.
We put out an episode every week on maximumfun.org.
Hosted by me, Travis McElroy.
And me, Courtney Enloe.
And me, Brent Black.
Trends Like These on maximumfun.org.
Cause with Trends Like These.
Who needs any memes?
Ah? Ah?
Yeah, that was great.
