The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother being advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle brother, Travis McElroy.
Hey, I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
So, how was your weekend? Yeah, it was pretty good. I watched some new stuff.
There's a new, like, cooking show. Oh, cool. Let me tell you about my weekend.
Okay, I did want to hear about Travis's cooking show he's watching.
No, it's really good. Nadia from Great British Bake Off is on it.
I love the big family cooking show. Yeah, it's the big family cooking show.
Justin, I know you had a big weekend, but let's talk about the big family cooking show.
It's just two big families, and I mean gigantic nine foot tall sort of Goliaths,
and they smash all the eggs. In the second challenge show,
you get to see their giant homes. And they eat a whole turkey bones and all,
and they climb up their beanstalk to their big castle in the sky.
It's so good. Let's just talk about that for the intro.
That's the intro, I think, because nothing else. Justin, I know you had kind of a buckwild time,
but again, these giant families are cooking and fighting.
There's a big fight at the end of each episode. Guys, I want to talk about my thing.
Your thing didn't make headlines. My thing made headlines.
Actually, the big families did go around. They crushed many areas in Wales.
So, my good buddy Lynn and Sydney and I went and saw-
Now it's just your buddy Lynn and not our buddy?
Well, our good buddy Lynn, fine. Thank you.
Yes, you're right. Thank you, Travis. Went to go see Escape to Margaritaville,
and double feature of Hamilton.
Is that the sequel to Escape from LA?
We went and saw Hamilton and Escape to Margaritaville with my new best buddy,
Mr. James Buffett, and it was basically the best thing that's ever happened to me.
Jimmy Buffett is basically the nicest person that I know, certainly the nicest person
that is worth a half billion dollars, easily. He wins that pretty much hands down.
I got to ask, because I know you put some thought into this.
You knew you were meeting James, the parrot king, and you knew you were meeting him.
It's going to be a momentous moment in your life. What do you wear for that?
How do you dress yourself for that occasion, I'm wondering?
Okay, so I did initially have a Hawaiian shirt with a sport coat over it,
and then Sydney was like, I don't think so, and I was like, you are correct.
That's right, because we are also seeing Hamilton the same day,
and that would be quite the look.
I mean, you could take a classier selection from the Thomas Bahama collection.
I ended up going with a button down with tasteful palm trees,
small tasteful palm trees on the button down, just a wink and a nod.
One thing that was probably my favorite, there were many,
it was basically the wildest day of my life, but my favorite thing that happened
is that we were having brunch while we were waiting for Jimmy to arrive,
and Lynn and I ordered margaritas to kind of get in the spirit of things,
because we were going to go see Escape to Margaritaville, and it was kind of a theme day.
And the margaritas were still on our table when Mr. Buffett arrived and ordered a latte,
and he did notice, like, oh, you guys are already having margaritas.
It's like, ah, god damn it, okay.
We did order it to have a fun time, and we did not think about the reality.
That was just supposed to be a joke for you and Lynn.
Not a joke, just living in the day, which the greatest thing about Jimmy Buffett
is he is exactly Jimmy Buffett all the time.
Like, he is just him.
He's 24-7 Jimmy Buffett.
24-7 Jimmy Buffett all the time.
Like, the best, having fun, the best.
Like, so excited that we were having margaritas,
that we were living that Parrothead lifestyle, so into it.
And his show was an absolute fucking delight.
If I can say my favorite joke from the show, co-written by,
I will add, Mr. Mike O'Malley.
Whoa.
Yes.
Really?
Singing the leaderboard, Mo.
Yes.
Mr. Mike O'Malley, co-written with Greg Garcia.
My favorite joke in it.
Oh, it's a good, it's a percolating there.
It's a fucking good one.
It's set at this, like, island bar hotel called Margaritaville.
Yes.
And the lady who runs it says,
and in the morning, we've got a top-notch breakfast Buffett.
And she said, the lady who's just shown up, says,
I think you, I'm pretty sure it's pronounced buffet.
And she says, no, I think you're thinking of the singer.
It's so fucking, I was on the floor.
No, it's good, it's good.
But we need to address, does Jimmy Buffett exist?
Does Jimmy Buffett exist in this, in the, in the fiction of this world?
Does Jimmy Buffett exist in Jimmy Buffett's escape from Margaritaville?
Well, that's a good question, Griffin, because like, in Mama Mia,
are the, do the characters ever reference that they are singing ABBA songs?
Yeah, I don't think, so I really do need a question.
I really need my question answered, because the answer is yes, that is,
that is, that, that is a pretty wild sort of world that they've built there.
Um, we are talking about a show where a gentleman shapes an LSD flashback
through the power of his mind so that undead insurance salesmen
wear Technicolor, uh, suits and do a kick line.
Fuck, this is amazing.
How do I get to this show immediately?
Yeah, how do you go right now?
It's in Chicago for another three weeks,
and it's moving to that big Broadway we call Broadway.
Mm-hmm.
Um, and it is, it was great, and I was seated, uh,
across the aisle from James throughout the show, and he was loving it.
Was it the whole time, like, tapping you, like,
oh, this part's, you're gonna love this part.
Wait, you're gonna love this.
No, he got, I told him, Sidney and I told him when we first showed up
that we were really paranoid about spoilers,
because we didn't want to know the tunes that were in it or anything,
and, and every time he would, like, be about to talk about something in the show,
he would stop himself, like, oh, no, I'm sorry, wait, I'm gonna let you see it.
Uh, was he not torn to shreds from, by the audience there,
just trying to get a piece of James?
Oh, my man, it did get a little bit World War Z in there,
because we saw Hamilton with Lin, and then we saw Escape to Margaritaville with James.
I wish you could have gone to a screening,
I wish you could have gone to a screening of the My Brother, My Brother, Me TV show
with all of them, with you in the audience, like, oh, yeah, this is how it is.
Me too, boys.
Me too, I did it.
We got the big three right here.
Lin was trying to stay covert, so when people did start applauding as he walked in,
I just kind of turned around and waved my hands, like, thank you, thank you so much.
I do, I do make several podcasts, thank you so much for, uh, uh, uh, recognizing that.
I did meet two, uh, uh, my Bim Bam fans at Hamilton, Patrick and Heather,
who, like, saved my poor, my poor ego.
It's like, we've heard of you, like, oh, good, yes, yes.
Hey, thanks.
Uh, Lin, people cheered for Lin at Hamilton,
and he had to eventually, like, stand up and everybody was, like, taking pictures and stuff.
Uh, Mr. Buffett came in and was trying to cloak it, you know, a little bit,
mainly because you don't want to distract from the show that people paid a lot of money for
and want to watch, but he did get spotted, and then people started cheering,
and then people just, like, sort of gang rushed.
So there was, like, 20 people just, like, trying to get a taste,
and he was very nice and accommodating to everybody,
but I was having a full-blown, like, where are the exits panic attack, uh, over there,
but he was, he was super nice to everybody, and, uh, I don't know.
It was, it was wild, and I can't thank Lin enough for such a, um, I mean, it just was,
just was out of hand.
Justin, I need to, I need to ask you a question.
I know this is weird.
I realize this is weird, but, like, this is my one chance to ask this question.
How did Jimmy Buffett smell?
I have to know this also!
I have to know this also!
Did he smell like boat, boat wood, or pineapples, or, uh, panning lotion?
Faintly of coconut.
Like, if you want to know the answer, it's faintly of coconut.
Shit, do you think that that's a scent that he applies to himself,
or you think just his DNA has sort of absorbed enough of this banana boat?
He was bitten by a radioactive coconut at some point in his life.
If the greatest thing about, uh, the, I don't, I keep saying the greatest thing,
but, like, one of the highlights is how deeply into Hamilton Jimmy Buffett is.
To these, like, my, my, Cindy was seated next to James throughout Ham-
for the performance of Hamilton, and she heard him, like, singing along with several numbers.
So, like, my wife is probably the only person who's heard, like, the Jimmy Buffett covers.
God damn, release that album, Jimmy!
I know. How about that, that album? Where's that album?
Yeah.
Um, that, a couple people, because Lynn and Jimmy were in the same area,
were suggesting, like, you guys got to do something together.
And I, all I could think was, like, what the fuck would that be, exactly,
if Lynn and Jimmy collaborated on something?
And then I realized it would be the My Brother, My Brother, Me musical.
That is, like, literally the only, like, Venn diagram section of that that could exist.
Um, but anyway, it was great, and I don't want to bloviate about it anymore,
because it was, uh, uh, but it was, but I did appreciate that, like,
I was seated with them for both shows, so, like,
there are a lot of people around Chicago that have, like, inexplicable pictures of me.
Just, like, weird pictures of me, like, losing my mind, uh, uh, in the general radius.
So I apologize to anybody that I was, uh, making weird faces in your cool pictures.
Anyway, let's start the show, because we, we still have to do this advice podcast.
I haven't bought my, uh, my, my villa at the Margaritaville Retirement Community quite yet.
Didn't bring it, didn't want to broach the subject, uh, with James.
You didn't think he'd get you in gratis?
See, I feel like he could get me in, right?
Like, if anybody could, he could get me in.
But, like, I feel like he would be, the man's 70 years old,
and came straight from a five-day surf weekend to this show,
flew himself, natch, to this show from a five-day surf weekend.
I feel like he would be very judgmental of me if I tried to retire at 37.
Um, anyway.
How about this question?
Yeah.
I have a favorite pizza place that I go to once a week.
Sorry, I accidentally saw the second email.
We'll get to that, we'll get to that later.
I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna skip to that, and then we'll come back.
Well, no, we've given this person a taste of having their question read on the show.
We will do the pizza.
You know what, let's do the second question.
We'll circle back.
We'll do the pizza question.
We'll circle back.
Because I don't think we're gonna have that much to add.
Second question is this.
How do I take it to the next level?
That's from Gmail.
I included this because I'm very excited to pitch my idea for next year's,
next year's theme.
L of 18, taking it to the next level.
All right, all right, all right.
I feel like, I feel like the theme for 2018, we need to be, we need to be realistic about
how well we have sort of followed through on past year's themes.
Because I don't know that we've kept things especially serpentine.
I don't think we especially fixed nothing in 2016.
God, no.
I would say shit done broke a little bit more than average.
20 grift team, we were on it.
I feel like 20 grift team, we stayed on it.
Can we really stick with L of 18?
Um, I would love, I just feel like it's too early to, I can't transition into the next
year yet.
We still have two months to zag on them.
Yeah.
I know, I love this theme, but like, like, two days ago, our buddy Lynn got up on stage
with Jimmy Buffett and sang Margaritaville to raise money for AIDS research.
Like, I think we're, I'm still zagging.
Like, I have not left the zag behind.
The zag is still alive.
I can, I can give you the second one that I came up with, which actually fits what you're
discussing now, which is percolate teen, letting it simmer.
Okay, that's so achievable, which I do like.
Yeah, because that's my day to day.
Also, there's a lot of things that rhyme with eight.
So maybe, again, let's just take some time.
Okay, but those are my two front runners.
I want to make it clear.
L of 18, take it to the next level, or percolate teen, letting it simmer.
And what, and what I love about those two is that they are diametrically opposed to
each other.
And I'm also now realizing I might be misinformed on what percolating is.
It might not be like a slow simmer.
No, let's get it percolating.
That means it's like, it's, it's, it's, it's elevating, but much slower than.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
How do I take it to the next level though?
Cause I think there's a, can I say this?
There's a lot of bad ways to take next level party.
Oh yeah.
Party drugs.
What about just do everything like you're doing stuff already, right?
Uh huh.
Just almost never, I want, I do disagree with that.
I'm almost never doing stuff.
You're doing some stuff.
Just do it harder and twice.
Like if you do every, you take everything you do today, except to it harder and twice,
you're going to be elevating.
You're going to be reaching the next level very easily.
I ate that chili last night.
Last night was chili night.
So I can tell you one thing.
I'm going to be doing harder and twice.
Griffin, again, you've been eating chili.
Griffin, Andrew McElroy.
It's got beef and beans and tomatoes in it.
You know it's my fave three.
You don't, don't lecture to me about the value of chili.
Okay?
Yes, obviously.
Chili's amazing.
It's one of the two foods I can eat.
Griffin, you have to stop eating chili.
It's like if Superman kept coming on our podcast to talk about how he eats kryptonite.
It's like Superman, stop fucking eating the kryptonite.
It's so good, it's got beans in it.
It's my favorite flavor.
Like if Batman came on, he's like, what are you doing today, Batman?
Just thinking about my dead parents.
Well, you should stop doing that, Batman.
Let me offer another suggestion of how to take it to the next level.
Okay.
Two words, hype person.
Too expensive.
In this economy, no way.
Well, maybe you could barter it.
You know, like hype person for each other.
I'll hype person for you.
You hype person for me.
Just have a, don't, don't pay another person.
You can't afford that in this economy.
Just have a boom box that is constantly playing get ready for this by Too Unlimited.
For everything you are doing, like you're jumping hurdles.
Have Too Unlimited in the background.
You're making pizza for your family.
Too Unlimited.
Just pump it up.
Just pump it up.
And a hand mirror, and you can be your own hype person.
Now that's getting some stranger things upside down territory.
Like you look in your mirror and you're like, you're doing great.
You know, and it's just a nice positive affirmation.
The more you can look in the mirror and say, I'm amazing.
That's what I do every day.
And I'm fucking so many levels above.
Multiple times a day.
We actually have to pause the podcast so Travis can do it.
Yeah.
Well, he keeps the mirror around because he says it helps him in case there's a Medusa.
And I don't disagree.
And I'm glad, like, I know that I have at least one brother who won't be turned to stone.
Take that.
I want to hear a yahoo.
But Griffin, first I wanted to mention to anybody who wasn't aware.
Uh, we are going to be, uh, coming to the Midwest this week.
Fuck, it's so soon.
Uh, we're going to be doing Chicago, Minneapolis, Milwaukee.
We have already sold out of one of the Chicago shows and the Minneapolis shows.
If you want to come to Chicago, uh, please come.
It's going to be a very fun show.
It's going to be our first one of the tour and it's going to be hype.
I think there's going to be a lot of hype energy.
We're going to take it to the next level.
We're going to take it to the next level, basically.
Um, and, and Milwaukee is going to be the last one.
So we're just going to be leaving it all out on the table.
There are the bookends and you got to come see them.
McElroy shows dot com slash tours and you can get tickets for those.
Please come.
We would love to see you.
Uh, there's a lot of great seats available at the first Chicago show.
Especially Milwaukee is running low, but Chicago, there's a lot of seats available.
So please, please, please, please, please, please come.
We would really love to see you.
All right.
You got it.
Thanks, Griffin.
I'm glad you're going to be there.
Um, here's a Yahoo from Seth Carlson.
Thank you, Seth.
It's an anonymous Yahoo Answers user.
But, uh, JK Simmons is up in a farmer's insurance ad at the top of the screen.
So it is JK Simmons.
And it's great that it's JK Simmons because the question is,
can celebrities and normal people have their own separate heavens when they die?
Let me put it to y'all this way.
Celebrities are different people.
No matter how human beings they become.
Whoa.
Whoa, no matter, no matter how human beings they become while being in the spotlight with
millions and millions of people watching them from all over the world.
They cannot do what real normal people do in their everyday life.
When we are normal people, we live in a normal life without having paparazzi and the media
following us around anywhere we go.
When we are normal people, we live our lives anonymously, not publicly.
Did you guys know what a celebrity is?
Because this person's got a whole paragraph.
Yeah, thank you, person.
Even without seeing millions of pictures of yourself all over the web,
and without seeing yourself on Wikipedia, blogs, videos, posters, newspapers, websites,
and all of the above.
Not to mention your full name and date of birth being shown to the whole entire world
where people know that your real full information-
I feel like this person has lost the plot of the original question.
Not to mention your full name and date of birth being shown to the whole entire world
where people know that your real full information and personal life.
Do you agree?
With what part, my dude?
What?
Are you talking about people getting doxxed in heaven?
What are you talking about?
I'm very confused because up till now, I've been led to believe that stars are just like us.
That they get coffee just like us.
They walk their dogs just like us.
They go to the store just like us.
They smell faintly of coconut just like us.
Yeah, so I'm confused.
I have to circle back to the coconut smell because I'm wondering if it's synesthetic in a way.
Like, you see him and you think of his music and the smell and perhaps even the taste of that sweet nut enters your mouth.
I think that maybe it's like a psychotropic effect.
Like, if you put a scientific smeller up, they wouldn't detect it.
But it is entering into your mind space.
Okay, so speaking of James, as long as we're on the topic.
If there's a heaven that I go to and Jimmy Buffett isn't there, that's not heaven for me.
Flip side, if there's a heaven that Jimmy Buffett goes to and he's got some portly lad trying to shove a guitar into his hand so he'll play boat drinks 24 hours a day, that's not heaven for him.
I mean, flip side, I'm at the breakfast buffet because you know it's fucking like Great Wall of China, the breakfast buffet in heaven.
I believe it's pronounced Buffett.
Jesus please us.
It's also up there and he's great.
That's actually the name of the breakfast buffet.
Yeah.
Jesus please us.
And then you're up there and you're on the breakfast buffet and you have to wait in line, but it's a short line.
And who's that next to you in the line?
It's Don Cheadle.
And you're like, oh, wow, Don Cheadle.
That's cool, but I don't really know what.
Did you die?
Did you pass?
Oh, no.
Did I die?
Oh, God.
I'm saying it's uncomfortable sometimes when you see a celeb and you don't know how to interact with them.
If I see Don Cheadle at the breakfast buffet in heaven at Jesus please us, that's going to be uncomfortable for me.
Like, I don't necessarily want to interact with celebrities day in, day out because I feel like I'll do a bad job of it.
Don't you think, Griffin, that a little bit of that discomfort is like, when am I ever going to see Don Cheadle again?
But in heaven, that answer is, I don't know, whenever, like forever.
Whenever you want to see Don Cheadle, I guess.
Yeah.
So like that idea of like, I don't feel like talking to Don Cheadle now, I'll do it any other time in the infinite, you know, expanse of forever.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Is this the five people you get to meet in heaven?
Is this like you have to pick the five celebs that like inhabit your heaven?
Is that what this book is about?
I may have misunderstood that.
I didn't think that was the five people you get to meet in heaven.
Like there was a limitation.
I thought it was a book and not an application.
Not like when you got there, St. Peter was like, you got five.
You got five, okay.
And don't laminate the list, am I right?
Because then how do you change- it's a joke from friends.
Travis just got bombed off the list for his friends joke.
That's just a deep-
Oh, pull.
I was just trying to-
So wait a minute, St. Peter, I only get five?
Yeah, you only get five.
Ah, Jesus.
Okay, so you got four.
Wait a minute.
No, I wasn't using- you know, he's around anyway, but that's fine.
You burned one.
You burned- damn it.
Carl damn it from Idaho.
I got you again.
The first person you ask for is infinite persons.
And then you're like, oh, you got it.
Or a funny celebrity impersonator.
Yes, give me Rich Little up there.
I've got all the celebrities.
I've got all the celebs.
I'll take Rich Little, Frank Caliendo-
And nobody else.
Just those two, sucker.
And that's gonna do it for me.
Give my three to Frank.
Give the other three to Frank.
I just want separate heavens for famous people.
They've earned it.
Holy shit.
They don't deserve me to be around them.
They don't- they didn't do nothing to deserve that.
It's heaven, not hell.
Oh, shit.
That's- that's the Twilight Zone twist, right?
Of like, ah, as a celebrity, I'm so excited to have my own private heaven
where I don't have to deal with, like, the adoration.
And then, like, on day three, they're like,
I can't deal with this, like, seclusion.
And I- I like having fans in an audience.
I thought heaven would be great.
And then, like, a dude in a red suit pops up.
He's like, oh, did you think this was heaven?
I got you.
It's heck.
You're in heck.
And they- I mean, the- the choicest thing about celebrity heaven is,
judging by the headlines the past couple weeks,
it is not gonna be as crowded as I assumed it would be just a little bit ago.
I think you're gonna have some room to stretch your legs in there.
All right, here's a question.
I have a favorite pizza place that I go to once a week.
With every pizza you order, they give you a coupon.
Bring back 12 coupons, and you'll get a free pizza.
That's a wild way of doing that.
They just didn't want to spring from one of those punching machines on the card, huh?
All right, that's fine.
Here's a piece of trash.
Bring me 12 pieces of trash, and you get a free pizza.
Yeah, you turn it into a fucking World of Warcraft quest to free- freeze off.
Anyway, I collected all these coupons,
then went in on my birthday for the Frieza.
Good.
Good pimento.
Frieza.
Frieza.
I went in there, I collected my 12 coupons,
and I got the bad guy from Dragon Ball Z.
When the cashier told me the price, I handed him the coupons, and he said,
oh, okay, you have enough of them.
He wasn't annoyed or anything.
He just didn't show any emotion at all,
and it really kind of ruined the mood of excitement about this free pizza.
I know customer service is difficult and annoying and all,
but I think the cashier should have to act excited
when people bring in 12 coupons to not ruin the special moment.
What do you think, brothers?
That's from apprehensive at Appleton.
This is so good, because it is- there's two things going on right here.
One, they are- you are bringing these things in,
and you say, time for you to experience a loss.
Like, time for you to financially surrender yourself to me.
But at the same time, Justin, the World of Warcraft quest,
I can't get that out of my head, because I do want to, like, amazing travel.
Oh, and like, a golden glow, like, surrounds you for a second, you know?
Yeah, you're getting one over on them.
They never thought anyone would do this.
They made it as annoying as humanly possible.
The tough piece is, the coupons are cut in different shapes.
This is not even like you bring them a neat,
even stack of beautiful rectangular paper.
One of them is like a star,
and one of them is like a very, very, very small circle.
Maybe they're bummed because they know that if you're using a coupon for a Frieza,
the chances of you tipping have been reduced to nil.
Maybe that's the lack of excitement about that.
You gotta tip.
Even on a Frieza, y'all know that, right?
Y'all gotta tip on everything.
Okay.
You tip on a carryout, right?
You guys tip on a carryout?
I do now, because I joked once about not doing it,
and many people were like, you have to.
And I was like, oh, okay.
And now I do.
That's how suggestible Travis is.
Maybe they didn't do enough at once.
What I'm saying is like, if you order six pizzas,
and they're like, oh, hell yeah, what a great day,
and then you bring in 72 coupons,
and it's like, they're like, so that'll be basically $150.
And you're like, oh, well, basically, the prestige.
And then you bring out like 72 coupons.
That's gonna get a reward.
Or you open a briefcase,
and you have all of them banded together in the briefcase,
and you're just like, I'll pay for it with this.
Assuming you get a coupon for the Frieza for the Goku,
if you get an eat right there, 144 pizzas,
you will then get 12 coupons just from the Friezas
that you can use to get another Frieza.
Ladies and gentlemen, I have just figured out
the infinite pizza equation.
I'm pretty sure if you just do 144,
you will generate an infinite engine,
and you have built an engine of pizza building
that is infinite.
Infinite pizza.
There's another pepperoni perpetual moment.
I'm trying to get like a perpetual moment.
There's nothing in there.
Keep going.
I'll get there.
Each pizza costs $10.
It's $1,440.
That's a lot, right?
It's a lot of money to invest in something.
But then mathematically, I ran the numbers infinite pizza.
So just think about it.
What you do is you donate those pizzas
to like a local shelter or a library or something,
and then you also get on BuzzFeed.
Yeah, yeah.
And then people will donate you more money
to buy 144 new pizzas.
And then I started to joke.
You invest those pizzas,
and you use that interest to buy more pizzas.
But you got to be careful because again,
guys, the economy, fuck.
Oh, you build that pizza bubble?
Ugh.
We haven't talked about the economy in a while,
but I feel like it's really off the rails a little bit.
Yeah, and this economy is in the toilet.
Or is it good now?
I don't even know where the economy is.
That's how off the rails it is.
Because it could be good or it could be bad,
and there's no way of tracking it.
It should not have come as a surprise to you.
This person would not be excited
if you'd ever watched any of the many extreme couponing
television programs that are available to you,
which I would highly attempt to deter you from.
It is not an enjoyable way of spending time.
But the grand finale of those shows
is always someone meticulously handing over
like 150 coupons to get all this free toilet paper
they could ever want for their butt.
And the person who is on the receiving end of that
behind the register,
you can watch them learning
that they lack the capability of killing someone with their mind.
Because that is what they are attempting to do,
is to try to stop this person's heart with their eyeballs.
Because they are not gized about the way they're spending time.
I think if that's your position,
you should be able to grill them
on what they're going to be using all of this stuff for.
For instance, oh yeah, you really got one over on us this time.
Boy, you must be doing some heavy duty shits to need this much, huh?
Tell me everything about that.
Boy, you guys really love mustard.
Put it on everything, huh?
Drink some of that.
Hey, drink a whole-
I'll let you do this
because you've got the right pieces of paper from the newspaper.
Boy, this is a fucked up shitty system.
But go ahead and drink a whole container of mustard for me right now.
And we'll get the bathroom ready for you
because apparently it disagrees with you.
You better start eating those pickles right now.
If you're going to eat them before they expire, go on.
Open a jar of pickles and eat it in front of me.
I got a lot of coupons this game.
And I need something to entertain me.
I got plenty of time.
Get one of those spicy boys out
and get your crunch on right in front of me.
Entertain me, pickle lover.
You've never seen-
I love watching-
There's certain moments on the Extreme Couponing shows
where you can actually watch the cashiers' worldview crumble around them
when they ring all of them in
and realize that somehow through the machinations of this clipper,
they owe money back to the person.
It's rare, but it does happen.
It's like, according to this, I owe you five dollars.
And like in that moment, they cease to unders-
Like you can watch this person realize they have no idea
how capitalism or barter and trade or the world itself works.
And I just assume after that they go live in the woods.
Oh, full blown hunter forager, like done, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye.
Yeah, I've seen too much and I've seen it
and the shine came off the capitalism apple.
I'm in the woods now, see ya.
The other great thing about those shows
is when the person gives you a tour of their stocks
that they've gotten with it.
And there's always a shot where it's like,
and over here I've got 30 cans of peas
and I wish the camera would just like stay on them
like straight for like three minutes, like not move.
Just like force them to stand there
and confront the fact that they will die someday.
And when they do, they will have peas just litter.
They're gonna have to-
Your children are gonna have to-
God damn, how many boxes of expired peas
do we have to carry out before the estate sale?
I am Ozymandias, look upon my peas.
But then you realize that and you say,
and maybe this is how we elevate teen.
You say, I'm not gonna let these peas outlive me.
It's peas morning, noon and night.
We're getting British up in here.
It's all peas all the way down, baby.
You try to kill me, peas?
You try to outlive me, peas?
Oh shit, we got fucking 20 crates.
We have two metric tons of toilet paper
and I'm fucking 58 years old.
Let's get fucking going.
Crampies, crampies, crampies.
Yeah, I need those.
Hey plumber, plumber, get over here.
I need those wide pipes
because I'm gonna die in 20 to 30 years
according to medical science.
Maybe these peas will keep me alive a little bit longer.
I'm not gonna let this bastard toilet paper outlive me.
You hear me, toilet paper?
Get over here, plumber.
I need double pipes, two toilets.
Let's go.
What do you kids want for dinner tonight?
A split pea soup.
Oh, you want me to split the peas
and therefore effectively double the number of peas?
I fucking think not, Jeremy.
I think not.
You're gonna have your usual peas
shaped into a hamburger shape on a pea bun.
Get to eating.
And then you're gonna go shit, Jeremy,
because we got to.
We all need to chip in here.
You're gonna make yourself...
I know I've always told you to not make the mummy hand,
but I am issuing a house-wide decree.
Everyone mummy hands for their toilet paper usage.
Everybody has to mummy hand.
We're gonna get through this.
You got any teachers that are real pieces of shit?
Here's the perfect time to go to the money sound.
Our first sponsor this week is MeUndies.
MeUndies.
I don't like when they include language in these,
but I'm just gonna have to say it.
MeUndies makes your...
Makes undies that your...
butt.
Oh, yuck!
And we're not the only ones who love MeUndies.
Listen to what longtime listener and MeUndies enthusiast,
Christian, has to say.
Okay, this is from a listener of ours named Christian.
It says, MeUndies changed my life.
No longer do I suffer from uncomfortable scratchy cloth
like I did before.
I now look forward to putting on my MeUndies every morning.
It's like riding on a cloud.
And though I'm married, no one holds me better.
That's lovely, Christian.
That's basically a haiku.
So thank you so much for that.
You can be like Christian.
Do you think there's someone at MeUndies
whose job is specifically to come up with ads
just for my brother and my brother and me?
I think they gotta have their own dedication.
They were like, they can't handle the pressure
of talking about the underwear themselves.
You can get 20% off the best and softest underwear and socks
you will ever own with free shipping
and a 100% satisfaction guarantee
when you go to MeUndies.com slash my brother.
That's MeUndies.com slash my brother.
I also just want to say,
because it doesn't get enough credit,
they also now have bralettes and hoodies
and sleep pants and t-shirts.
Go check it out.
I want to tell you about NatureBox.
When it comes to eating better,
it feels like sometimes when you're snacking down,
it's either you make a decision.
Do you want delicious and billion calories
or do you want boring and tasteless food?
I say fuck both those.
And NatureBox also says that.
It says right here, fuck both those.
Because you can snack good and even better with NatureBox.
They got over 100 snacks that taste good
and are better for you.
And they're all made from high quality, simple ingredients
with no artificial colors, flavors, or sweeteners.
I talk about all the time.
I like that Big Island Pineapple.
Do you think that that is Jimmy's favorite also
is the Big Island Pineapple?
I mean, he probably-
You have to imagine.
He probably has his own sort of wet pineapple.
These are delicious, huge dried pineapple rings.
He has his own probably wet pineapple solutions.
But I bet he'd still get down on these.
They add new snacks every month
and they're shipped right to your door.
They will replace snacks you don't like for free.
And right now NatureBox is offering
My Brother, My Brother, and Me fans
50% off your first order
when you go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
That's naturebox.com slash my brother
for 50% off your first order.
One last time, naturebox.com slash my brother.
Got a message here for Rosemary Trevail.
I don't know why you had to say it
like you're at a Ren Fair.
I just really like that name.
There's a lot to that.
One, it's got Trav in it, which-
You know that's the best.
Yeah, but also it's just a beautiful name.
It's a good name.
It's from Craig.
Oh, don't say Craig's name like that
after we're giving Rosemary the Shakespeare.
Well, I'm gonna go with Gregory Jamonson.
That's okay, Gregory.
That's you now.
Gregory Jamonson.
And Gregory writes,
I don't know what day this will be read on
or even what month,
but we shall get snacks tonight.
Parenthetical, you are the best.
Love, Gregory.
I don't know about this character, Trav.
I feel like he needs some third-
My name is Jumbo Tron.
And when I say that,
I think maybe I should be a robot man instead.
Yeah, start him over.
Start him over.
Okay.
This message is for Rosemary Trevail.
Jumbo Tron, you're back.
It's from Craig.
Well, don't read the message a second time, Jumbo.
Don't read it a second time, Jumbo Tron.
I don't know.
I know.
Let me try the next one.
You got a virus from-
This message is for Bevin,
like Kevin with B.
It's from Chris and Sarah.
I feel like we could do-
To Bevin.
Okay.
Master of Psychology.
I'm losing it now.
Yeah, you are a little bit.
I'm just melting.
You fought off the demons of anxiety,
persevered over the terrors of academia,
and created one incredible kick-ass thesis,
all while being an amazing friend and partner.
Thank you for letting us bask in your glory.
We loved being your companions for these adventures
and look forward to the ones to come.
See, Jumbo Tron couldn't have delivered
an emotional message like that,
because-
Well, he is real-
Here's what you don't know, Griffin.
His love is not real.
What you don't know, Griffin,
is halfway when my voice changed,
that is when I Bicentennial-manned.
Oh, you got a penis.
Yeah, Jumbo Tron got a penis.
You got a penis that can cum in everything.
That's my favorite line from that movie,
is Oliver Platt gives him a penis,
and he's like, can it cum?
And Oliver's like, it can cum in everything.
Cum in everything or cum and everything?
Cum and everything.
And Bicentennial Man then says like,
oh, like a real penis.
Cool.
Cool.
So great job, Bevan.
What is the everything?
Pee and, you know.
And whistle.
Whistle.
Look just cool.
Well, no.
No, not really.
Oh, sorry about that.
Just had to dispatch some goons real quick.
Hi, I'm April Wolf,
lead film critic at LA Weekly.
And when I'm not kicking butt,
I'm hosting the new maximum fun podcast,
Switchblade Sisters.
Do you love genre films?
Do you love female filmmakers?
Do you love discussions on craft?
If your answer is yes,
you'll love Switchblade Sisters.
Every episode, I invite one female filmmaker on
and we talk in depth about their fave genre film
and how it influenced their own work.
So we're talking horror, action, sci-fi, fantasy,
bizarro and exploitation cinema.
Mothers, lock up your sons
because the Switchblade Sisters are coming for you.
Available at maximumfun.org
or wherever you find your podcasts.
How about this one?
It's sent in by Jace Parker.
Thank you, Jace.
It's from Yahoo Answers user.
Yasin, who asks,
what if we can breath in space
but the government tells us we can't
so we don't try to escape?
Hell yeah.
What if we can breath in space
but the government tells us we can't
so we don't try to escape?
Earth?
Earth, like we don't try to-
Earth?
By earth-
Earth is the biggest prison.
I think we can all agree on that.
Earth is a big prison
and maybe I don't want to be, you know, rained on.
Gross, I shouldn't have to.
I want to go above the rain, up in space
where I definitely can't breathe
but government tells me I can't
because they're up there doing who knows what.
Why would the government want to keep you on earth?
I think that they'd be fine
if you wanted to blast off to new-
Well, because I'm saying space is cool
and we're doing stuff up there, maybe.
Yeah.
Well, we're definitely doing stuff up there, maybe.
Oh yeah.
We can fly around-
You could fly around like Second Life
or, you know, punch an asteroid or-
Maybe they're afraid one of us will get to the moon
and be like, this is mine
and it's like, well, damn it.
Well, shoot, we didn't call-
Nobody called it.
Nobody's called dibs yet on moon.
We should have thought of that when we were there, maybe.
Didn't they call dibs on the-
They put their flag there, right? America was there.
There's a position at NASA, this is not a joke,
at NASA that was hiring in the last few years
that was galactic preservationist
and it was a person who made sure that nobody called the moon.
It was like they made sure that folks were cool
about all the planets and stuff
and nobody tried to get up to some shit.
Did they wait up there with a big space flashlight?
Like, hey, hey- Move it along, move it along.
Try to have sex on Jupiter.
I mean, the only question about that is like,
exactly how many, I'll be generous and say weeks
before Craig, the galactic preservationist, is like,
oh no, this is Craig's moon.
Yeah, yeah, no, for sure.
Like, I fully do have ownership
and jurisdiction over this moon.
And guess what? Jupiter's got like 17 moons.
I'm not gonna claim IO, but I'm gonna get one of the smaller ones that nobody knows the name of.
Kiss me.
The one with all the exotics on it.
Well, yeah.
Off my shorts?
I'm crying.
Okay, Nessus.
Here's the thing.
Can I just say, and this is a bold move, but I think it's gonna stick.
I claim Mercury.
Oh, Trav.
No, no, no.
Hear me out.
I have a very strong sense that when I do that, someone will-
This will be like an Air Bud situation where it's like,
wait, well, that's gotta be against the rules.
And then they'll flip through the book and realize there's no rule
against me claiming Mercury, and it holds up in a court of law.
Mercury's mine.
I'm gonna take Uranus, but just so I can rename it like Cool Planet,
and people can't make the joke anymore.
A good joke, though.
How long will it take me to get there?
Can I Google map?
Now, it'll take me 17 hours to get to Uranus Road in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin.
And that is kind of still funny, like Uranus Road.
Like, drive my car, my F-150 into Uranus.
How about another Yahoo?
Do it.
Yeah, sure.
I mean, this one is sent in by Morgan Davies, so let's keep it wavy.
And it's from Yahoo Answers user Cassandra, who asks,
nightmare about a nut head?
Since a few days ago, I keep having this nightmare
about seeing a nut head everywhere.
Wait, what?
It's just a man dressed in casual clothes with a giant nut as a head.
I can't explain what nut it is in shape, but I would say a walnut.
In the dream, I would see him appear to me like a ghost
through house windows from the inside on the ending of a road not too far,
street corners, libraries, fire exit, and other creepy places.
He would disappear two seconds after I spot him.
Other people won't spot him.
It's kind of like those horror movie scenes where they see a ghost of a loved one
or a deceased person from a haunted home,
and only one or two people see it, but others don't.
I get very scared, and I start saying short prayers,
feeling that I haven't seen anything like this in my life.
The dream is very continuous, and does that mean I need deliverance?
He doesn't have eyes, mouth, nose, ears, et cetera,
but I can sense he's looking at me or just in my presence
before I spot him and disappear.
What the fuck?
What do you think can happen next in the dream?
I'm not having any mental problems or disturbances.
You're going to die.
You're going to die from a nut attack.
You have a nut allergy.
That might be the real one.
You have a nut allergy, and this is your body talking to your brain.
Your fucking lungs and your whatever gets bad when you have a nut allergy,
your blood, it's like in your brain, like,
yo, be afraid of walnuts.
Thanksgiving's coming up.
Stay on your toes.
It is weird.
People are always trying to sneak nuts in there.
I know.
It is so weird to be the origin of a creepypasta.
I didn't know what it felt like to be the first person
that someone heard a story from that heard the story from someone,
like with the middleman of a creepypasta.
This is like, okay, in many ways, I think scarier than Slenderman.
I think we have, and this is why I did want to talk about is
I think we could get a lot of profit, a lot of financial profit,
and this bad or good economy, it's good to diversify your portfolio.
Or neutral.
It might be neutral economy, waffle neutral.
I think it's chaotic.
But anyway, it's definitely chaotic.
But anyway, Nuthead, I think, has a lot of potential.
Yeah, we found our offering.
Now, we'll get this dumb show for seven years.
We finally found our platform to get off.
That's kind of just like Nuthead.
The sci-fi original movie Nuthead by the McElroy brothers.
And Nuthead, very scary.
Will we get sued by the Planner's Peanut and all that that's happening?
Are we going to be sued by the Planner's Peanut?
Because he's got a sort of cool style these days.
And I'm worried that maybe we could see some.
Is there a Nuthead out there already that we're going to?
I guess the Ohio State Buckeye mascot is kind of like that.
He's kind of like that.
But it's like, you know what nut that is.
Well, a Buckeye is really more, it's like a seed.
And he's got a warm and inviting face that says like,
it's football time, baby.
This nut doesn't have a face and he doesn't say anything.
Does he carry around big nutcrackers though?
No, I think he's just a, here's the thing.
We could go with a lot of like accessories.
But I think man in a suit, right?
Casual look, casual look.
Casual look.
Yeah, so like a jade through top and some corduroy pants.
But, and just like moves with stillness,
like moves in a very controlled manner.
And it's just ever present in your dream hellscape.
I don't know that he needs any accessories
except maybe a walnut shaped car.
Now that's, now we're on some busy world of Richard's scary
but spelled like S-E-A-R-Y.
Exactly, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But maybe you don't see that until dream 12.
And like dream one through 11, you're like, oh God, oh God.
Dream 12, he gets in his walnut car,
propeller pops up on top, he flies away,
and he has a fun time in the sky with his worm.
And on 12, you're like, hey, well.
Oh wait, maybe Mr. Nuthead's fun.
But then in dream 13, he's back.
And this time he has a hundred knives.
Yeah, oh, so maybe not Mr. Nuthead.
The thing I don't love about this
that I would wanna tweak this IP
that we've created from a Yahoo answer
is the casual clothes.
That just strikes me as very strange
that you're like Nut Predator would be just in sweats.
Oh shit.
That could be a lot scarier, I think.
Maybe you're invading Nuthead's home in this dream.
You're in Nuthead's dream, right?
So Nuthead, when he's out scaring,
or they, let's say they, let's not assume,
when they're out scaring, they're in full scary tux,
right, or whatever.
And when they're at home, they're in maybe a polo
and some me on these lounge pants.
And it's an interesting look, but it's theirs.
And then they keep looking at you through windows
because they're like, what the fuck?
Oh, she's back, she's back, she's back.
Yeah, Nuthead wakes up in the middle of the night
next to their partner in bed and shakes them
because they had the dream again.
And then Nuthead looks at them and says nothing.
Nothing, Nuthead can't talk.
I mean, I don't have a mouth, but yeah.
Nuthead has to, we have to say Nuthead talking
for like a few films in, I feel like.
I mean, they probably just rattle around
and then Nut bumps up against the husk.
And so it sounds like, you know, and that's,
you know what, very scary.
Like, I love that.
But you know, what is scary except the abnormal?
So to the Nut family, like they're, you know,
rattling around and it's like, yeah, that's normal.
And then they see a human and their face opens up.
Yeah.
And there's like jagged bones and shit in there.
That's terrifying.
A human being's faces are scary as shit.
If Travis, you've got a good point.
I've got, my mouth is full of sharp bones
and a lot of those bones have metal in them
because I eat a lot of Sour Patch Kids.
Right.
And can you imagine that?
Like it's all wet and pink and gross in there.
And you've got this weird like exposed organ in your mouth
that's like, and it can like, it licks.
What's going on with that?
Is it poisonous?
If I'm a Nuthead.
And you eat nuts.
Yeah, you eat nuts.
Nuts don't eat you.
Yeah, if you were eating, even eating Sour Patch Kids
would be hugely disturbing to nuts.
Like they eat the children.
Yeah.
Because they don't know the difference between fruit.
I think this is an important part of the character
is that they're an idiot because it's.
That's the one thing about like,
the good thing about the Nut Man.
Is that what we're calling him?
Nuthead, just Nuthead.
The good thing about Nuthead is he is extremely gullible.
So like, if you turn off the lights in the room,
he's like, I've gone blind.
Yeah, no, he's a very scary idiot.
You know how they talk about like the dinosaurs had a brain
the size of a walnut?
Yeah.
This is what, this, this, this is what they're talking about.
Okay, but it's a large nut, right?
Oh no, it's quite large.
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
What if it's not a big walnut?
You open the window and you're like, oh my God, it's a headless man.
No, no, no, look, there's a little walnut on there.
On a regular size neck?
On a regular size neck, it just tapers up to a walnut.
It's already talking about like steep taper on the neck.
What's scarier?
What's scarier?
Because I think small walnut is much, much, much, much, much, much, much scarier.
Yeah, good luck.
I mean, like, if you see a large nut, you are in a horror situation.
You are going to know that you need to crack it.
Like, it's obvious you need to bury an ax in there.
If it's a small nut, like, good luck.
Good luck, yeah.
Like, you'd have to hold still.
Well, and imagine the scene of like, you look out the window and it, what looks like,
just like a regular walnut sitting on the window sill.
And you're like, oh, somebody left a walnut on my window,
but then it stands up and there's shoulders?
Shoulders.
Get out of town, there's a Travis shaped hole in the wall.
Okay, from a marketing perspective though, is tiny nut head gonna be a lot harder to
cosplay? Because I feel like people are gonna want to bring this character to cons.
It's gonna require head binding and a very, very intense,
you gotta shrink your head down and that's all there is to it.
Let me offer a solution that I think the boys in R&D and marketing are gonna be happy with.
It is a creature with a small nut head, but they wear a helmet that looks like a big nut.
And you don't find that out till maybe movie four.
Um.
So the entire time they've had a small nut in there.
Right.
Okay.
I think we would be remiss in not doing our duty if we did not maybe even explore
the space of what if the head is truck nuts?
Like, I feel like it's our job as doing a comedy podcast, three dudes on it.
Can we not do the Wayans brothers work for them?
Like, they're obviously going to be parodying this with truck nuts.
Yeah.
I don't know that we want to.
I mean, if you want to beat them to the punch for scary movie 80,
like, I'm fine with that.
If you want to go ahead and say, like,
Well, they got options.
You could do nut head and they could do butt head and there's a big butt up in there.
There's a lot of fun stuff.
Who?
I mean, this is the big question that everybody's sort of asking that are on the tip of their
tongue and I did want to hold the cards close to the vest, but I think we should go ahead
and just get it out there.
Who's playing nut head?
Let me Google best actors.
Google best actors because who we like?
Martin Sheen as nut head.
Nobody would see that one coming, I feel like.
And I feel like he needs, you know, he's been out of limelight for a little bit.
Gotta be Viggo.
Oh my God.
Viggo Mortensen.
Gotta be Idris Elba.
Idris Elba is in everything.
I don't like he's way too busy.
But you know who we might be able to have some chance with is Mads.
Yeah.
Gotta get Mads Mikkelsen on this.
Oh my God, Justin.
You are actually doing a very good job at casting nut head.
Like Mads Mikkelsen is nut head.
IRL.
He's real life nut head.
Like I heard he's been looking for a franchise and this could be, I mean, sure he was in,
you know, Doctor Strange and Star Wars and Casino Royale, but like this could be his
franchise that is just Mads.
Cause you know, once he's retired, he's going to want to work the con circuit.
And what better way of establishing those sort of bona fides than with a huge horror
franchise that is all Mads.
I'm worried that we just took the first draft and kind of ran with it.
Cause nut head I think is very good.
Is there another, are there other characters that we could generate here?
Do you mean like a nut head kids club kind of thing?
Well, no, it's maybe before we go all in on nut head is lamp body anything.
And this is a person with Mads Mikkelsen's head and I think we could get better acting
out of him that way.
But then his neck and everything below it is just one very big lamp.
That's sort of the direction I would love to explore.
What you need in a good horror character I think is what you need is the reveal of like,
so maybe it's like, um, the tips of their fingers are micromachines, you know?
So it's like, oh, that's just a normal per- Oh no.
Oh no.
They got micromachines on their fingers.
They got micromachines for feeners.
Is guitar boner anything?
Is that anything?
No, Prince already did that back in the Super Bowl.
You're right.
It's done.
Guitar boner's done.
What about cream cheese feet?
Cream cheese feet is very scary.
Now can they ambulate?
Well, I think they kind of slip and slide all over the place.
That's a bad scary way.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let me pitch this.
Washboard abs, but literal.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
I love that.
We could probably combine all these for the Avengers style.
I thought you meant in one person with a lamp body, but washboard abs and cream cheese feet
and a walnut for a head.
This is just a big pile of things in my garage.
This character exists in my garage right now.
That's it.
That's the reveal, right?
So, you know, in a movie where it's like you see a scary shadow in the lightning flash
and you're like, oh, that's a person.
And you turn it on and it's just, oh, it's just a pile of things on the chair.
The pile of things on the chair is the killer.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
That's so good.
And maybe Mads is the guy who owns the house and he doesn't realize until it's too late.
And we can call it Mads and the real nut.
And he doesn't maybe because then we get a psychological horror element of is it the lamp
a real, but it is a real.
And it's also played by Mads.
Mads Mikkelsen and Martin Sheen are roommates.
Loving it so far.
In college.
Bring it.
And they've just-
In college, but now.
Yeah, no, they went back because-
They're non-traditional students.
Martin Sheen retired and went back because he wants to get his master's and like-
Because he has to prove to his dad that he can inherit the hotel fortune.
And so he goes back, right?
And Mads realized he never really had a childhood because he was a child star.
And so now he wants to go back to college.
To get his madsters.
Uh-huh.
And they've rented an apartment and-
When does Nuthead even show up in this fucking feature, Travis?
Well, Nuthead comes at the end where Nuthead reaches up and you just see like a hand,
which is actually unidentifiable as Nuthead because-
Okay, hold on, okay, hold on.
Hold on, hold on.
Travis has just suggested an innovation,
which I believe is bigger than Nuthead, bigger than anything.
Where, and it's a secret horror movie.
Seren Dippin, fucking Cusack and Beckonsdale, or Beckonsworth.
No one can remember right now, Griffin can't.
Get together, they put the number in the book.
Oh, fate brought them back to-
While you were sleeping.
You woke up and you got a pencil through his balls,
but I love him and not you and I'm so sorry.
And then Sandy and the other one get in bed and goodnight,
and then a hand reaches up and comes up from under the bed and reaches up
and grabs at the person, grabs at them, grabs at them, it's so scary.
And then it cuts to black and then all the things you say to me,
because I'm one step, you know?
And it was like, it was a horror movie the whole time, dumb-dumbs.
Yeah, exactly.
Just people say it's so scary and you'll be watching the whole thing like,
this doesn't seem that scary.
I don't think it's very scary.
They're out on a lake and then, uh-oh, Jason jumps out of the lake at the end.
Spook, spook, spook.
Smash cut to black.
And there you said it again.
And here's my innovation.
If I might take this innovation even further,
the post-credit sequence is an hour and 45 minutes long.
And it's them fighting the nuthead.
It's them fighting the nuthead.
So it's like, stick around for after the credits,
but do make sure you go to the bathroom during the credits
and get something to eat and maybe call the babysitter.
The movie is about to start.
Yeah.
And I think maybe it doesn't have to be an hour 45 minutes.
I think this is in every movie.
And so while you were sleeping two still woke,
they have to fight off the nuthead
and they probably have a little bit of trouble with it,
but then they push them in front of the train tracks
and it's a very poetic and great way to kill the nuthead.
Thor Ragnarok, they beat the devil or whatever at the end.
I haven't seen it because I don't go to movies anymore,
but they beat them and they're like, yeah, we did it.
And they have the big feast at the end
and Thor's there and the Hulk there
and they're all having fun.
And then nuthead reaches up on a table.
Everything you say to me.
And then it cuts to the end of the credits
and they're like, nuthead smash into the,
they kill him with their superpowers, their big hammer.
So it could be, I mean, it's just,
it doesn't have to be a horror movie.
It's just before the movie ends,
someone has to fight the nuthead.
And that, can I tell you something?
We're going to make bank on that.
Yeah, because you're going to make money from nuthead
being in every movie ever made.
Yeah, right?
Like the, and it's going to create one big,
like nuttiverse where like every movie is connected by nuthead.
And then the way ends when they do the scary movie 80 sequel
and they do have truck nuts at the end of it
and they do all their fun jokes at the end of it.
They're going to have to confront the nuthead
and there's nothing they can, and it's going to confuse.
I thought this was a parody.
Why is the nuthead, he has to be in all movies now.
They passed the law.
It's all, it's illegal.
I have, I have terrible news.
We have put all this in the podcast.
Oh man.
Oh no.
TM, TM, TM.
Yeah, the past-
TM, TM, TM, TM, TM.
Oh, I thought you were saying because the past 25 minutes
have been sort of a freestyle,
just nonsense sort of diarrhea sort of pinata situation.
No, no, no, no, no.
That's, that's all fine.
That is, however, the conclusion of our podcast.
We hope you've inexplicably enjoyed yourself throughout.
Want to, one last time,
because it's the last time I'll get to talk to you
until it happens, McElroy shows.com slash tours.
Please go get tickets for the Chicago show
and our Milwaukee show.
They're going to be a lot of fun.
I promise they will be fun and also somewhat buck wild.
And please send in your questions for those shows.
And when you do, just a little brief reminder
on the best way to get your questions on the shows.
Anything that's like looking for actual help
about a non-serious situation,
like those are the two best scenarios.
Like just a funny story that you saw.
We appreciate the funny stories.
It's just, please understand,
it is just not a very good launchpad for us to do our thing.
And the same is like, if you are asking about
like a really serious situation between friends or whatever,
we're not going to make goofs
about your very serious life situation.
So when you send in those in,
just make sure to put either Chicago,
Milwaukee or Minneapolis in the subject line
so I can find them quickly and easily.
Oh, and same for Yahoo's.
I could really use some help from my Yahoo soldiers out there
just because we're doing four shows back to back to back
and need a lot of stuff.
Also, I should mention next episode that goes up
will be a live show from one of these things,
but we're going to try not to put up two in a row
like we've done in the past.
We'll hang on to these and we're going to have
a lot of live shows in the bank.
I'm not sure what we should do with them,
but we'll figure it out.
Also, thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for using our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a fantastic album.
We're so grateful that we're able to use that
as our theme song.
And thanks to MaximumFun.org for letting us be on the network.
You can check out all the great shows there at MaximumFun.org.
Shows like Lady to the Lady and Stop Podcasting Yourself
and Jordan and Jesse Go and John Hodgman
and all kinds of great shows all at MaximumFun.org.
And we have other stuff that you can find at McElroyShows.com.
I also, I want to mention because it's not on MaximumFun
and it's new and I'm really enjoying doing it.
Me and my friend Tybee have started a podcast called Run,
a Doctor Who fan cast.
We're about to wrap up the Eccleston season
and then we're going to jump around to Tennant
and Matt Smith and Capaldi episodes.
So that when the new season premieres with Jodie Whittaker,
we can talk about that.
You can find it on iTunes or on Twitter.
It's Run Fan Cast.
But yeah, we're having a really great time doing it
and I hope you enjoy it.
Y'all want to wrap it up?
Yeah, absolutely.
All right.
This one was sent in by a ton of people.
Thank you, everybody.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Malcolm who asks,
is every Greg blood related?
I can't find any information.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
Uh oh, what's that coming from under the bed?
Oh no, he's here.
And then we have to fight the nut head.
Just like it's the end of the thing.
Play with me.
You stopped recording, didn't you?
Guess what?
What?
We just hit our 100th episode.
What?
And what do you think is going to be in store
for the next 100?
Probably some more feuds with Jennifer Hudson
and I'm telling you.
We'll probably do more investigative reporting too,
like we did with the Kodak and their racist film.
Not to mention exposing the truth.
Like how we did with the ugly history of the Texas Rangers.
But we always lighten the mood with a splash of pop culture.
Olivia Pope's new wig.
Have you seen that?
It's popping.
Just like your lip gloss.
And Janet Jackson.
And you know we like to put our nerd glasses on
and talk about things like Marvel.
It's true.
That's it.
I don't speak about DC.
But you just did.
All from a perspective that's black, queer.
And ladylike.
So come on over and learn, laugh, and play
and join the corner.
It's a lot of fun.
I'm having fun right now.
Minority Corner.
