The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Oh, it's better it's better guys guys. Yeah. Hi, um the red the lights at the lights on oh
Fuck okay, I'm
I
Guess hello and welcome to my brother my brother me and right sure for the modular. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
Hold up the cue. Hold up the cue. Um, I'm Travis McElroy your middlest brother and I I'm
Okay, none of this is where don't look at any of this yeah, we weren't ready this is all this is Griffin
You didn't say your name you stopped at I'm yeah
Well, the fucking teleprompter is not going in. Oh here just take the bank
Yeah, read the just read the paper and I'm Griffin McElroy
Yeah, we're um, you stood up a little early
Okay, you came early. We were packing for our flights to Dragon Con last night
So we didn't get a chance to prepare the show
We were trying to do it this morning and you were not supposed to be here yet
I forgot there was a studio tour scheduled. That's
Sorry, I think Conan's down the hall if you guys want to see Conan
Um, hey trap, why don't you walk down with them? I'll stay here. I'm staying also there's no fucking way
I'm going there with you to
Griffin I'll stay here to straighten and then trip. No way. Okay, you just stay here to straighten
I'm gonna lead a tour guide
To some of the other podcasts that are already recording. Okay, I'm gonna be the tour guide. I'll show you around. Okay, great
Yeah, okay. Okay. Okay over here. Come on every break this way. Those are feet. Okay
Over here. This is
where we do
all the movie podcasts that are
Dudes talking about movies. We make them do it all in one room. Let me just open the door. Yes
So the lasers come I'm like, that's not a laser. That's white. It's a sword a laser sword. Sorry about that
Now over here what a big bomb. This is over
Here this is actually cut we promised Conan O'Brien. Here's Conan O'Brien
I don't know who his special guest is today, but I'm really excited to see oh, he's coming back from a live commercial
Let's listen in boy. It's me. Michael Caine. I'm so excited to be on your now
I don't know why Michael Caine is talking them back from break
The guests on podcast don't normally do that cuz I'm fucking Michael Caine
You know, I feel like Conan should step in here with one of his trademark and I'm Andy
Wait, you're both Andy and like that's actually not about Andy. Yeah, I was doing my impression
It's your Louie Anderson impression actually and those two I don't think are this but Andy is within the name of Louie Anderson
Hey juice, can we switch parts?
Yeah, Justin you do Conan juice switch parts with me. Yeah, and I'm Justin walking you through all the different
This could be you
Switching parts it isn't Justin
I'm Griffin or Justin and we're gonna continue the tour. Oh, hey, look at this
It's kind of it is Conan O'Brien and it's not Travis. Wow. I can't believe I'm here Conan O'Brien
It's me. I finally have a podcast
Casts welcome back to Conan O'Brien needs a friend shutting the door very slowly this week on
my two brothers
Brother guests. It's been in Casey Affleck guys. So nice to me. I know and I call Ben fuck
Not even nice fucking try. I call Ben. I don't want either of them, but I'm definitely been of the yeah
Okay. Hey, I got a fun idea. Let me Conan O'Brien lead your tour for the rest of it. Go ahead to your guide
You're gonna leave. Okay. I'll take over. Does James Spader have a podcast cuz I can do a pretty good James Spader
If you can find me
Just start going through this labyrinthine
podcast
Her studio that we're in until we do find the James Spader podcast. Yeah
Okay over here
I mean open the door to our new
office based
Fancasts hosted by people who were on the office for a short period of time
It's called
Blunder giggling. Yeah, I got something. Welcome back to blunder giggling
I'm the Kevin one and
and
Today my guest is the guy the
Today that get my guest is props
master
we called him props master Dave and
He he made I feel like Griffin is is Arnold Schwarzenegger in that scene in true lies when he's holding
Jamie Lee Curtis dangling from a helicopter and that's the grip that Griffin has on this Kevin voice right now
It's like right there and if he could just pull well the whole point of this was they give me a chance to do my slam
dunk James fader and then he
Spader couldn't make it today
I don't know who this is, but it's not James. It's me James Spader. I was
The coffee shop
That was Jeff Goldblum actually he's next on the show was Jeff Goldblum on the office
I
Rip the I probably was it seems like I probably would have been. Hey guys, it's me Griffin. Sorry. I love this show
Is the office ready for us we're in a sort of loop right now a kind of vortex
That's gonna be hard for you to James Spader's and you the actor who played Kevin on the office to understand but
I'm going to do you see this orb? That's floating around. That's where the audience is
I'm gonna take us over to smartless Griffin. No, I can't
All right, hold on let me grab the orb fuck it's so hot
Okay
Now here's what I want all of us are just gonna start doing our impression of one of the three hosts
Okay, and I want to see where we like in a perfect world. We'll all pick a different one. Okay, okay
Okay, you ready? I'm gonna count down from three. Can't wait. Should the impression be of your name? So to be a media
You're introducing yourself like and I'm okay. I'm watching Griffin Google the names. No, no, I got it. I'm good. I'm good
I'm good. You're good. He's good. He's good. I didn't have to fellas. All right, you ready? I got him tattooed on my heart
Oh, yeah, three two one. I'm John
It's John Cryer one of them
No, you were looking for Sean Hayes Griffin Sean Hayes
Well, we did you three different ones which that was three different ones. Maybe the guest this week was John Cryer
Yeah, he definitely was on
That podcast at some point, right? I mean, come on. Well, they've had every well
Let me grab the orb and I'm gonna fucking run with it right down the hallway back to the bim-bam studios and wait
Jason Bateman need to eat your orb for fuel. Oh, no, not again
So he's an orb based talent. So this is a that's pretty good. That's pretty good. It's all right
This is an advice podcast. Don't now do Donald Duck. Yeah, let's all break
We love it we love that here we love my Mickey Mouse is getting better, but I still don't have it on yeah
No one does nobody has it on it's a real duck. Hey
advice show
Sorry
About the inconvenience, but you did show up
Don't complain about this because it was your fault for showing up. So early
Time for advice. I love to take my dog for walks in our beautiful Riverside Park
He's a good boy and other dogs and people love to meet him
I'm fine with this as he's super friendly and loves the attention, but I'm socially awkward
So I don't know how to interact with the other people who are petting my dog. Do I pet them too?
Now I look off into the distance
What are some small talk suggestions for people whose dogs have their noses halfway up my dogs, but please help me brothers
That's from mumbling mutt in Memphis. They had to have meant
Do I pet their dog to hear their dog? They could not have meant
Pet their pet the owner had the flesh of the human being who's just trying to live their life next time
Someone says can I pet your dog say can yeah, absolutely. Can't may I pet you?
Yeah, and then my dog will pet me and the circle will be complete
Your dog gets left out. Fuck your dog. Your dog
Guys, we never get questions. This just occurred. We never get questions to start like so my problem is I'm too socially
Well-adjusted I always know what to do in every situation
You don't have a problem
One of those lucky people we it takes three of us to figure out what not one normal person might do. I think
What I would do start petting my dog is I would look away and say I'll give you two a moment
When you're ready, yeah, we have no business you and I
Can you charge money?
$20 I was about to say the words $20 $20 have my dog to pet this
Oh good thing if someone says can I bet your dog say I don't know
Can you and then you don't have to worry about it because they won't keep talking to you
No, I'll have your face with a knife. How about this?
Okay. Yes, you can but you have to promise me that you won't make any wishes promise
I'm gonna make you go really really bad. I've seen some really bad chaotic wishes come out of this dog
Please you have to promise me you're not wishing and you might even think back your mind
Like I wish I could get some Arby's late
Yeah, I think that you've got it airtight and that there is no room for ironic
Classic, but it's this dog. This dog will twist it on you a hundred percent of these don't use up my dog
Which that's the whole reason I bought him. Um
Can you?
Pet the dog too and be like wow that is I've never touched this dog do what to it
That are even thought of that very good the first me how you do that
Show me that again flat hand or closed hand if you were gonna express this dog's anal glands
How would you go about that? Just?
Can I bet your dog? Yeah, as soon as they touch it like haha yours now and run away
You
Were the last one to touch it. He's your problem now
Why do you do you love my dog
You love my dog, okay, what are you asking me for ask him?
This makes him ask the dog say can I pay
Yes, get down there hands and knees and begged
Say it in dog tongue not in your filthy human speech
The dog only let him pay you back
It's a
Yeah, I mean I feel like there's a certain class of people for whom this is not a bug
It's a feature. Yes, where it's like I get to meet lots of other like this is the moment right?
The ice has been broken. This is the moment where they would say like so now we've broken the ice
Let's chat like people who seek out. Yeah, it's like
a it's like people who are into like
Motorcycles and stuff where they just want you to ask them about their motorcycle so that you can ask them like
About their motorcycle and be like good good car people regularly have events because I hear them
Yeah, where they just parked their good cars near each other. Yeah, and then they walk around like pretty good pretty good
Well the nice thing about that, especially if they have a dog too, right?
If you have that shared thing you can focus 100% of the conversation on that thing
Yeah, right. It's when it starts to branch out if someone's like and tell me about you the human attached to this dog
And I'm like, oh no, no, no, but then you've got five like rapid-fire questions
about dog care like
What so?
We love dogs, right? Like like but a good conversation starter. I don't talk about dogs. I don't know
I mean you could say like what breed how old are they? Yeah, what's their name?
If you want throw something like looks like there's some like Sheba in there
Don't have to but nobody knows nobody. Yeah, just pick any kind of like classy looking dog
Oh there is there some visual in there and then this person this person is uncomfortable talking to other people Travis
I know that you don't understand this but they're uncomfortable talking to other people and what you want them to do is take a swing
And a miss like to have the awkwardness of getting their dogs breed wrong. No, here's what I'm saying
There is no miss right because here's you're not a dog person
There are two things that dog owners love talking about their dogs breed
The correct yes, you are right good for noticing or I you would think that but actually either way isn't it?
That is the two things that they will talk about
The most is if you get it right or get it wrong now, either way doesn't matter
It doesn't matter if they do pay your dog a compliment like oh, he's such a precious special, baby
Look at those toe beans. I want to eat him up and say like yeah, but
Did you did you see?
Clifford the big red dog movie
Because this dog this dog is good but in that one
what are some of your favorite dog and that one the dog is a
Very unique color and so big that a grown-up can ride on him like a big horse
And you can't do that with my dog. So it's it's a fine. It's a fine dog
It is no Clifford the big red dog now, which now I would
Trade I trade him for Clifford in a heartbeat. I would put this dog above
Beethoven though cuz that dog
Oh and I see that look on your face a lot of people get confused by this Beethoven's is actually about a dog not about the
Composer, I know what you're thinking because you see it's a
Beethoven is the Charles Grodin character
The dog is called Beethoven's dog. Yeah
And strangely Charles Grodin is called Beethoven's owner and no one's quite sure
There's a middleman we haven't pinned down yet
Between Charles Grodin and the dog that connects the two of them. We're not sure
But do you think Turner and Hooch are married in real life?
God, I still miss Gordy every day
they made a series of
Successful films of of it's a big dog man. I don't know what to tell you. He's a big dog
I see not shit over it is that it is 50 though. It's a genius formula. It's 50 said that 50 said man
I love it when when Charles Grodin hates stuff. Yeah, whenever you ever sit here or wine that guy up and see him
Get like really really grumpy. Oh, it's good
It's like a weird manic smile on when he's really mad that if I was there in real person, I'd be terrified
But we watch him. I'm just eating my popcorn and loving it
They put they pointed this out of like check, but he was in Clifford. You remember Clifford?
Yeah with Martin short a little red fucking dog. Yes, Justin. We talked about it
Boy, no, he's a little white boy. That's what it's called Clifford the little white boy
played by the old I
Just realized what was the pitch for the Clifford movie with Martin short it. No, here's the thing
He's a devil. He's a demon child
Played by an adult and also Charles Grodin is there. Sorry
It's it's a skewing to this is too close to anti Martin short dog. We want no I would never I would never abide
I would never is one other question. Yeah, cuz I just discovered that the wiki how I had pulled we have done before and so
I do believe that the wizard is going to be on vacation for this particular episode
Well, how about another question that you know what?
You would have noticed that if they had arrived when they were supposed to arrive. Yeah
Early you would have had this is their fault
My mom and I love to watch shows together. I they actually said like
So I'm putting a little yeah. Hey Justin, how about you don't editorialize? They're still getting to know each other
My mom and I like to watch shows together and recently
What if the question was like my mom and I like to watch shows together?
Can you guys recommend several new shows that you've been enjoying?
No jokes and jokes out of the room. The jokes part is the work to talk about. What if they were just like what shows?
What are you guys watching right now? Don't make bits about it. Don't describe it too much. Just say like the name
I've been watching resident alien. It's good
Do you have friends that when you see them at a party you only talk about the shows?
Yeah, watching. Yeah, and once you once you have gone through all the shows you've been watching you get this feeling like I don't know
This person very well
I'm an adult. Of course. I have those people think we have that much in common
Nothing. I think oh, it's fun when you find out they also like board games or something and it's like well
Have you played this board game and that opens up another 20 to 30 minutes of conversation?
Yeah, and at that point you feel okay about leaving the party you've been there long enough 40 minutes is a good amount of time
Do you want to read more than the first five words of this? Yeah, I was just making some conversation for the podcast. Sorry
um
Let's see now you got me on
Recently, we've been watching the great british bake-off nice
We invited my dad to come watch with us and ever since he's been watching it often
Every time I go downstairs. He's watching it. I heard him stay up till one in the morning last night watching it
He said he couldn't pick me up from school today, and I had to get a ride for a friend
And when I got home, he was watching it
Should I interfere that's from baffled by bake-off in ohio. Oh, he found something. Wow
I miss this feeling. Oh when you find something don't you oh you find a show
And there's so many of them. Yeah, and you could just watch all of them if you want god
I miss that also for it to be great british bake-off in this day and age. Oh the joy the serotonin
You're in for some pivots. You need to be a yeah, but I mean imagine if you got him onto like uh, breaking bad
And it's just like i'm worried about the influences is gonna have on my dad
But great british bake-off the worst thing is gonna happen. You got some more baked goods in the house now
He might start affecting a british accent. Yeah, and we love that it it the thing with breaking bad is it doesn't have
It doesn't have
Sir paul hollywood's just like cerulean
Pools that you just sweat that he just shoots his sex beams out of through the tv screen
Have you not seen the super cuts of all the times?
When uh, walter white finished making a batch and paul hollywood step in and try it and be like, that's a good bake and shake his hand
Do you remember that? Yeah
That crunchy rock and he'd like eat a big rock of it and he'd be like
Like it's a little soggy in the bottom and then he'd be like zeep zop. Zooby dee borp
I don't know what you do when you have done mel
I don't i've not done meth and I don't really know
I don't know what it's like like I can imagine what doing other drugs is like but meth
I assume you just go like bb boop. Zeep zop a leap board and it turns you into like a alien man
It turns you into an andy sandberg character. Yeah, apparently
Yeah
Uh, this is fine as long as it does lead to getting goods baked for you
Because that is the outcome so often with with great british bake often. It's also a good uh, uh,
It's a good onboarding to like taskmaster, which is another good one you want to watch together
No, now you're just doing the thing that we said we wanted to I know
Now there is a okay
There is
A seedy underbelly of possible outcome of him watching too much of this
It's like next family get together grandma brings out a little pie. He takes a bite
He's like soggy bottom and shoves it away, right where he's oh and he's like you call this a scone
And like throws it back in her face like prude did that one time, you know that kind of thing
Or he's like, oh you guys hear about bengate and it's like that. We can't keep bringing up bengate
It's been a long time that kind that's the downside. That's the dark
I will say that I do enjoy
on a whole baked goods less
Because now I know what to look for what they could have been. Yeah, like when I eat a bread
And it's like super chewy
Before I knew anything I was like, oh chewy bread, but now I know like they didn't prove it
They didn't prove it enough. They didn't prove the yeast they improved the existence of bread
No, I i'm glad now because just from watching great British bake-off
I've been able to add the word claggy into my vocabulary and I don't know what it means and I don't think they do either
But it seems like a good way to really put down someone's baking. It's like it's a bit claggy. It's a little stodgy
You don't have to interfere you don't have to intercede just let them enjoy the baking
Maybe set a timer so he doesn't stay up to one o'clock or miss picking up from school. That is worrisome
I I I do. Okay. I love cooking shows. I love great British bake-off. I mean, I love
Zumbo's best desserts. Oh, yeah, I love is it cake sweet genius with ron ben israel?
uh, is it cake
But the other ones I love
and uh
I i'm hard on is it cake because there was a version called eye candy starring josh groban on roku
Or what was a quibi and then it was on right? Anyway, sorry doesn't have anything to do with anything
uh, is it possible your father is obsessed just with the episode where they had to make cake busts of famous people and someone made
nightmare tom delong
I love those shows. I have never felt like I gotta fucking watch the next one. Really?
I've got to see what happens next. It's the reason I didn't watch a long podcast called bacon
Uh, I think of the last two seasons. That's how we feel when we watch it. We have watched uh the season
Uh, like the first season that aired on netflix we watched that shit. Uh, uh, like once a month
We watched that same series over and over again
I feel bad that the wizard let us down this week
Yeah, it is a little sad, isn't it? Do you guys want to learn how to fight with us?
Hey, we're recording this on uh, september first griffin
Don't monthly observance do not do this to me
Aren't you guys curious what kind of month it's going to be in september? I'm so curious
God dang it
Yeah, so we got some special month
observances
To do happy september happy september first everybody. Did you know that this is the month if if you do have a new fall hat?
That you are excited about it is fall hat month
No, it's not fall is here. It's getting colder. So it's time to break out the headgear. It's fall hat month
During fall hat month switch out of the cool weather head protection
And into stylish felt and fabric styles no period on the end of that sentence. No period just laying it all out there
Someone was murdered
Writing that first paragraph and then somebody hopped back in
For the next paragraph hats were probably one of the first items of clothing found among primitive humankind
what
Where are we going with this?
That can't possibly be right when we're walking around with our butt and gooch and privates just out
And someone's like I have to get my hair hidden birds and bugs keep getting in there
Um, so it's fall hat month everybody
and
I guess
Hats have played an impressive role in human history
Presumably us president william henry harrison died shortly after his inaugural dress because he refused to wear a cap on that cold
Nasty day now hold on justice. Was it just if my man
had had
A nice derby on he would still be with us today is what you're saying prove that you can't prove that you assume
If well, but there's no way to prove that
It wasn't a magic hat that a witch gave him and said as long as you wear this you'll never get sick
You don't know unless wait. No, I refuse to unless that that is so nice. But what if it was?
No, no, no, no, i'm closing this what if it was a magic hat they give all precedents
Better breakfast month better breakfast. Fuck you judgmental. You don't know what i'm eating. You don't know maybe I can't get better
Hey, you can always get better. I'm looking at a picture. It looks like it has seven banana slices and some chia seeds
No, thank you. That's it
No, thank you any breakfast be better than that can't be it that can't be i've seen pictures of a balanced breakfast
And it didn't contain chia seeds it contained frosted flakes a glass of milk and orange juice for some reason
Yeah, it toasts
If I ate a balanced breakfast as recommended by cereal commercials
I would be on the toilet until lunch time. It's so much fucking food
It's so much food. It's milk
And orange juice you want me to the orange juice also it is in a pitcher
Did I did I need did I wait? Did I take the extra minute to get out a pitcher and fill my kids?
Pitcher with it's better breakfast month decant your juice for your dirt bad kids
Decant your juice and give your kids
These fucking hard hardened charcoal tablets to enjoy with their seven banana slices
Can we go back to uh as long as we're talking about can we go back to original fruit loop recipe, please?
Just before they use the art back when they use the artificial colors and the artificial sweeteners
I like the old school tricks recipe as well, please. I'm listen
I'm an adult now and I would like to make these decisions for you. They did
They don't okay. You're saying a lot of wild stuff. They did go back to the original tricks. Look people hated the no artificial colors
Thank you. So you're covered there. Thank you. Awesome. Save your photos. Save your photos month
Save your photos month
Now in case of I guess a storm
That comes to try to take your photos away. I guess put them in the cloud that that one doesn't feel like it needs
That won't take me. I don't have the urgency of spending a month doing this
Um, I'm almost certain we've talked about international update your resume month, which like for us would be kind of I don't want
I don't want the two of you to ever update your resumes because that would affect me
That would have implications for me and my life
If I find out the two of you are updating your resume
I would probably quit first just so you don't get the satisfaction of pulling the rug
Just so you don't get the satisfaction of pulling the rug out from me
Well good news. I can tell you this personally. Yeah, unless the employer is interested in a decade of podcast experience
I don't have a lot go unless they're like, well, yeah. Oh we see here that back from
2007 to 2009 you worked at best buy
Interesting. Yes, please be the manager of this big company. I don't see that happen
I'm not bringing a lot to the table outside of what i'm currently doing looks
Looks like I haven't updated my resume in about eight years
So I really don't know if I have I don't have one. I have an acting resume
from my time upon the boards
I have a curriculum verite those I use for my professorships special skills being really good at acting
That's not one but that's a secret for you
You can put that as a special skill in anything being good at doing this job
um, baby safety month
Gotta take that serious. That should be every month
It's hugely a problem. That is a massive the idea that you have been putting off making your home safe for your baby
and then you see like
Something pop up on myspace. It's like good news. It's baby safety month like ah, fantastic baby safety month
We should really get on that
Yeah, what about baby stunts month that comes the next so first baby safety
Then baby stunts, that's october
Be right back after this
Hey justin, yeah, I want to focus on you for a moment. How are you feeling?
finally, uh
Yeah, wow, thanks. Um, well, i'm a little how are things traveling?
Yeah, they're fine. We just want to know about you now
Today. Yeah, i'm a little stressed out. I want to help
We're here to help you justin
Yeah, hey, i'm really interested in how you feel. Hey, who am I justin? How are you doing?
Hey, who am I?
I'm here to help. I'm here to help
George dk. I'm he i'm listening. That's um, frazier crane. Okay. Wait now wait justin justin. Who am I doing?
Uh, yeah, i'm here to help
Patrick warburton. Yeah nailed it. That's good. Yeah now griffin you do another one
Okay, but I do is a service that I have begged my brothers to talk about and they refuse to
Why is my question because it is a slam dunk if you are feeling stressed out because your brothers are more
Are more
Invested in their mid-90s sitcom stars. Hey justin justin justin. Why so serious?
Why so serious?
Why so serious
Big news big update you guys are doing the rest of the call bad. I'm done. I'm done with it. Uh, somebody stop me
No, I check this out mortal call mad
Bad that's pretty good. I like that
Reduce stress and angst i'm scorpion reduce stress and anxiety through guided meditations improve focus
with curated
music tracks
Now travis, you'd be another mortal mortal call mad character. Okay. Okay. Yeah, um, i'm uh raiden. Okay
Rest and recharge with combs imaginative sleep stories for children and adults
There's even new daily movement sessions designed to relax your body and uplift your mind
Raiden now juice you you do one you'd be a yeah, you know a lot about this. I'll do justin
I'll do a justin
I was trying to care I was trying to put you to my back and carry you the finish line
And i'm not doing it anymore. If you go to calm.com slash my brother, you'll get a special offer of 40 percent of a calm
40 percent of a calm premium subscription and new content is added every week. I'm justin mcelroy
I'm and i'm goro for listeners of the show calm is offering an exclusive offer of 40 percent off a calm premium
subscription at calm.com slash my brother
Um, that's go to calm.com
Slash my brother for 40 off unlimited access to calm's entire library. I'm goro and that's calm.com slash my brother. Johnny cage
Are you are you goro?
Because you've been served
Shit
That would be great if somebody had to go to moral combat island
Like i'm here to fight lu kang and lu kang's like i'm lu kang and it's like you killed a guy
So here's i'm actually you've been served
I'm cops and here's a subpoena for you to be arrested for that gig for killing actually everyone here
Just go ahead and get on this boat
Yeah, this boat goes to jail and arrest the person to your left
Uh, I don't have enough manacles for everybody. Uh, I didn't expect goro to have so many arms. That's on me
So i'm one I am one set short
I thought I could just do two sets of manacles on goro, but I kind of have to do a crisscross applesauce
That's a good question justin do you go side to side or you go exes
Yeah, if he could still go up and down and squish things, that's not good. Right? Yeah. Yeah, so speaking of
Goro bondage play bombas is their mission is simple
They make the most comfortable clothes ever and match every item sold with an equal item donated
So I bet goro is a sub though. So when you buy
You are also giving to someone in need
Bombas designed their socks shirts and underwear to be the clothes. You can't wait to put on every day
Everything they make is soft seamless tagless and has a cozy feel
Unlike do you guys think sub-zero on scorpion ever kiss?
And did you know that socks underwear and t-shirts are the three most requested clothing items at home? Are they related?
Are they are there's also smoke and there's like a snake one reptile
That's why bombas donates one for every item you buy so far bombas customers
Like you have helped donate over 50 million items of essential clothing
We're kind of the same clothing. So you have the same size. Yeah, are they related?
I think they're sometimes they are sometimes
I think that everyone on mortal kombat's related go to bombas.com
My brother and use code my brother for 20 off of your first purchase
That's b o m b a s dot com slash my brother and use code my brother at checkout
Bombas.com slash my brother code my brother your soul is mine
You know what that was there at the anger, huh?
Immortal callback
Hey there i'm ellen weatherford and i'm christian weatherford and we've got big feelings about animals that we just got to share
On just the zoo of us your new favorite animal review podcast
We're here to critically evaluate how each animal excels and how it doesn't
Rating them out of 10 on their effectiveness ingenuity and aesthetics
Guest experts give you their takes informed by actual real life experiences studying and working with very cool animals
Like sharks cheetahs and sea turtles. It's a field trip to the zoo for your ears
So if you or your kids have ever wondered if a pigeon can count
Why sloths move so slow or how a spider sees the world?
Find out with us every wednesday on just the zoo of us in its natural habitat on maximum fun dot org
Listen and subscribe wherever you get your podcasts
Carrie is it? Oh, yes. Hi. I'm carrie. I am psychic ross and I will be reading you this evening. Oh interesting
Well, okay. I co-host a podcast. It's called. Oh, no ross and carrie. Yes. I'm sensing that the spirits are telling me
It is a show about well, it's about like fringe science and spirituality and claims of the paranormal
Oh, you knew that you do research online you but more importantly like we do in-person investigations
Investigate as well. Oh my god, that's amazing. See me and my friend. This is so weird
My friend ross same name as you weird
He and I just go and try them all out and actually we've gone to a number of psychics and to be honest with you
It's a lot like this. It's called owner ross and carrie. They can find it at maximum fun.org. I could have told you that
Hey, uh
I want a much squad
I want to
Squad welcome to my squad's podcast is within the podcast profile in the latest
And the greatest in brand eating. I am your co-host
Justin mcelroy with me as always is justin mcelroy what and today there's could be only one. Yes. Yeah
Yes, how welcome to the pumpkin portal we're taking the pumpkin portal to fall you guys this now
Uh, this can I just say real quick note justin? Yeah
Uh, I think they lack courage in their convictions because they put to fall at the bottom should have just been pumpkin portal
Welcome to the pumpkin portal to fall. No, oh no undid it
Yeah, just just have the strength of your convictions. This is the starbucks back with the psl
And uh, we're celebrating in those different weird ways that starbucks always celebrates the return of the pumpkin spice latte
You'll remember one year. They had a dial-in number that you could call and hear pumpkin stories. Remember that? Yes
I do. We called live on air if I remember correctly this year. We're going to the pumpkin portal
You guys are going to be challenged
Right here live. The pumpkin portal has terms of service
And a privacy policy
Yeah skipped them. Okay, so we're going to use the emoji keyboard to answer fall riddles
This is going to earn pumpkins for correct answers. Okay
Yeah, you ready? It's gonna be funny. I'll start with three chances after three incorrect guesses. It's back to the top
Guess
What this is a picture of an apple. What would you guess it is? It's an apple
It says delicious fall fruit may keep the doctor away. I'm gonna say apple pumpkin apple or cherry
fill this fall treat
Can you do the dancer the the what the person in the red dress dancing?
A red dress dancing. No, it's high airplane
No, it's pie. Justin. Do okay. That's a empanada will empanada count click empanada
pie
It's kickoff time for this fall sport light bulb rugby
leg ball and rugby I said light bulb, but leg ball is
Exclusively what i'm calling soccer
Type leg b just type leg leg. Yeah leg leg. Okay. So now
No, not a turkey leg like a leg gummy this the yellow leg. Yeah, click the leg
This is going to be right. Trust me click it and then guess that okay, we can just choose a skin tone. That's nice
I love that. It's weird if the answer does depend on the correct skin tone of the land tone, right?
Okay, so it wasn't that
Oh, wait a minute foosball. No
Oh someplace sometimes they spell it wrong. Try it with a t. Yeah, I think hockey season actually kicks off this time
Well, there's a golden football with it. Oh
What changes color in fall my hair me me if i'm down at the beach? Yeah base
Your base what changes color? Well, a lot of things do cars. Yeah
A pie after you bake it leaf leaf leaf what no wrong leave idiot
Why is it a wrong leaf? It's just a leaf the answer is leaf. It's a leaf. Well, try the fall. Do a christian cross
You carry all your back-to-school supplies in this well, this is hands hand. Oh, yeah
Oh a fist. Oh, okay going. Mm-hmm
Dang it. That wasn't it. We had a good run. Oh, no. Oh, we died. I didn't know we could die in the game
Yeah, you die. What happens if you win?
You see the old prospector from uh, or the undertaker from mad dog becree and he comes out very easy
You've run out of time reversal cubes. Yeah, don't stop beliefing. It says okay, you would just make
Okay, our our score is four. We got four pumpkins. We're foliage friendly
You sleep to the sound. Oh, I did it on my own justin and I got all of them
Right and it called me a pumpkin fucker. Yeah
Yeah, it said you so the psl is back now. This is just a public service announcement. It's topped with whipped cream
It's got pumpkin spices. No way ice or blended. I mean the whole bit. I mean the whole bit
But what if there's pumpkin spice obviously, but what is it? What are the other drinks justin that they're partnering the button real spice experience with
Well, there's a pumpkin cream cold brew, which is back for another new year
I like that one and it's a fan that one's a fan favorite. Yeah, I get nasty for that one. If you keep bringing something back four times
Then I would hope that fans enjoy it because otherwise I don't know what you're doing with all that
Pumpkin cold brew. Oh shit. I could be buying pumpkin flavored beer right now
Yeah, you should be actually
Um, oh, they've got some festive fall merchandise. Uh, just so you know
They're uh dipping into the starbucks coffee reserves. I mean it's it's gonna be a big fall over there
I don't know that we have this is like are they trying to lower the price of coffee by the gallon?
What do you mean to open up the reserves?
No, it's like a fancier coffee. It's like a better fan
They have better coffee and they're just like we could be giving you better coffee than what we have
But we're holding this back. You dirty birds. I mean, it's a commodity right supply and demand
You can pay for the as good of a coffee as you can afford you guys like pumpkin spice lattes basic
No, i'm, not really my thing basic much
Get up, why don't you go watch friends? Oh, yeah
Oh
Yeah, where's your floppy hat? Where's your floppy friends hat your floppy friends hat that you watch when you drink your public your public spice
When you drink your public spices
Fucking basic talk about how friends is better than new girl for reasons. I like I like uh
Coke zero
Yeah
Sophisticated eat a plain scone from jelly. Don't even have a flavor
Don't have a flavor. The jelly the jelly is flavorless, too
Yeah, just a flavorless scone with a flavorless jelly in your floppy friends hat. It's can I get a scone with wet?
Is what I say when?
Sopping wet scone. Give me plain flavor with a wet scone, please
I want to meet gunter while i'm wearing my floppy hat and eating my flavorless scone and then we're gonna fall in love
Just to recap real quick just you know, what's going on. Pop belly's got a pumpkin spice shake
um
Hardee's is making a beer. I mean what usual the usual what hardy's making beer is fun
Yeah, hardy's is teamed with southern grist brewing company on a strawberry biscuit ale. So it's like you ever
I eat a strawberry biscuit at hardy's and think god. I wish this get me wrecked. Yeah, dude. Now your dreams can come true
Yeah, drink a delicious beer. That is actually a biscuit from hardy's all mushed up and fermented
delicious
Does anyone else on this call or in the world have the experience of it becomes fall you get really excited you buy like fall beer
Uh, so you buy a bunch of it and then you have like six of them in a week or whatever and you're like
Oh, i'm tired of this already
And then those pumpkin beers sit in your fridge for many months until it gets to be like summer and you're like well
I haven't been to the store in a while and i'm out of here
So you crack open like a pumpkin beer in the middle of july and you're like, oh, this actually is terrible
I hate this. Yeah, but then fall comes around again and you're like, oh hell yeah pumpkin beer season. Yeah, that's sort of just the
futility of
Of it all, huh?
Yeah, man
There's an artemis moon donut at crispy cream delicious. Yeah
It's a one day special for the to celebrate the planned launch of artemis one
Can you and they fucking post I have beef with nazza because I get my kid I get my class together
And sit in front of the big tv screen and I say they're about to shoot that shit right up into outer space
It's got nobody on it, which is wasteful
It's like do you see cars on the highway?
With no one in them emissions much
And I was my class was psyched and then the last minute they're like something was wrong with one of the engines
So we didn't do it and it's like no one's in the rocket if it does a big explode
My class is going to talk like remember that forever and talk about that. I didn't know there was no one in it
And that actually explains to me why they were so candid about the engine problems because you know, if that's a manned mission
They don't just say like we had engine they were this close
Right, we almost shuffled a few
There was a big whoopsie that devin should have caught and he didn't and if that shit had gone up there
It would have been yikes city end of astronauts
Imagine being an astronaut who's like on that and they're like, yeah, we had a lot of mechanical issues
But it'll be fine by tomorrow get ready to go and you're like what no
It is still kind of hilarious. I understand what happens. I'm basically i've watched a lot of different movies
But it is kind of funny that we're gonna black like blast a rocket into the sky. It's cost like billions of dollars
To get to this point and then it starts raining and everyone's like fuck
No, no, no
No, no, sorry. Sorry. We tried to oppose your will with our incredible brains. You win
Is this is it bad for the rocket? No, it's just
We wanted that morning glow on it when we took all the pictures
And we've like been staging it we put a bunch of like doilies around it and stuff rocket get wet. It looks
It looks so dumb
The decals get loose it's it everything gets wrinkled
There's a lot of steam when the rocket goes
The wet rock they do that they do that if for takeoff, but they don't do it for landing
Yeah, they're never like it's raining go around
Oh my god, we're gonna reroute you to phoenix
Madagascar is dry. Take a left go to the ocean people are watching
Be careful
There's a reason they don't fish the rockets out of the ocean once they do go splash smash
And that's because they look so fucking stupid. Well, yeah like a wet penis
Is yeah, it's a big stupid. It's so stupid. It's just stupid
My first job out of college. I ran art groups for teens out of necessity
I trained myself into a lot of habits to help maintain boundaries and dissuade unwanted attention
One of these things included if I ever need to bend over I did it in the most unflattering way possible years later
I still have this habit
Problem is I now have a serious girlfriend. I'm afraid I've trained my body to move in this not erotic way forever
This is brothers. What can I do to drop this habit and learn to bend over sexy? That's for rescue in rochester
It takes your it takes a long time to train that out of you
Take it from me. I've had to work so hard to drain every bit of sexy out of my body
Yeah took years it for me. It just took um
Oh god, oh travis dropped this camera
Yeah, wow, you really dropped it huh
Wow, I feel like i'm watching a colonoscopy for a robot
Wow, you dropped the shit out of that tribe you still haven't fixed it
He's still trying to fix it. It might have come unconnected disconnected. Wow
Well
We don't need to see you I guess. Um, yeah, we just won't film the rest
Okay, i'm curious. I wish i'd gotten a little bit more maybe you could share screen of a picture of you
If we could have gotten some description of what your unsexy bend over method looks like if that would have been hugely helpful
Yeah, I think we can just take the bend and snap from legally blonde and do the antithesis of that
Yeah, so it's like kind of your squinching down to the side for sure
What if you just like your hip is going one way your knees go the other you just fall to the ground
And you have to stand back up and then but see standing back up in a non-state like what's that look like?
The amount of overthinking that went into this is truly
humbling
Like I thought I thought that I overthink everything but to be like i'm an art teacher
I can't possibly bend over a sexy way if I drop a paintbrush
So i'm gonna develop this new I sort of twist my body
Sideways a little bit and then I do if golem was picking up a paintbrush
Yeah, I go down gorilla style baby
And then I get the paintbrush and I stand up so fast that no one could ever look at me and be like that's oh
That's an erotic pose right there
Perfect. I love it. How do you bring it back? The question is not how to undo the sexy. They've done that
How do you bring it back? Oh, thank you. Justin. Thank you for screen sharing a picture of me talking to a microphone now
You did pick in my big beard face. Yeah
Uh, i'm sorry trap. I should have measured your beard length against your current to find the exact
Image or maybe you can stop being such a clumsy
Fuck and keep your camera on your desk
Well, right. Okay. Um, I turned it off because I feared I was too sexy and it would distract you guys
um, but now
You've made me feel terrible about it and I don't know how to turn with so the weird thing is the camera light is on
So it wants to be on
You got it
I'm going to go over to bnh.com and see if they got manuals and I will I will get back
All right, and then all how about this you guys do that and i'll do the show
You guys go do some other thing and i'll do the show people are listening to right I got the orb right in front of me
It's not it's not my fault griffin. We weren't ready. Okay, right? Travis would have had his camera in the perfect place
So secure. Yeah, all of this would be all set up already. Yeah, right. We weren't ready for so the
The bend snap, you know, look at that picture, you know about yeah about how to bend over sexy
A lot of people like you're eating a mouse won't tell you wow that you have got to squish your butt cheeks together
With your hands
Oh
To get a sexy bend going to do a sexy bend if you can't squish your butt cheeks together using just butt
Muscle, it's okay to use your I i'll write you a note that says it's okay
Until you make it i'll write a note that says it's okay for you to use your hands to squish your butt cheeks together
Like a doctor's note and so when your your partner is like, why did you do that?
I mean it looked great
But did you need to use your hands you can show them the note that says
Griffin said it's okay for me to do it like that. Griffin said it's actually very important and fine
I would also say, uh, you know, what makes everything sexier. What's that doing it a little slower?
So the slower you can bend over and stand back up the slower you can do it
Yeah, this also more eye contact so slow lots of eye contact and now that's gonna be hard if they're behind you
You gotta turn behind so slow slow
Quick quick slow. Yeah, no, no, no slow quick slow slow quick and the whole time just push them
What push them together with your hands push them together with your hands eye contact no matter where they are in the room
If they move around you stay locked in on them the whole time
And when when you're picking the thing up you have to say oh there it is
Every time make sure you see like, okay
Lock into the object first and then make eye contact because you don't want to whiff on it a couple times
Because then you're gonna be like, oh there. No. Oh there. What? Oh, there it is
Can you tear your pants and make it seem like an accident?
Oh to get it all out
Yeah
How do you sorry? How do you mean tear your pants and make it look like an accident?
Well, you're already holding your butt. Yeah. Yeah. Well, they're gonna know they're gonna think you tore your pants with your hands, which is not
Sexy. Oh, can you hold your butt and then move your butt like it's talking
You know that clip of uh, linny cravitz on stage and then he kind of does like a little dip
And then and his crap his leather his leather pants split and his like whole hog
springs forth as if it's been in prison this whole time like
It's so it's so tight inside of linny cravitz's pants
I just had to get out of there like something like that. I'm the real prince
What it's like the man in the iron mask
Yeah
I don't know why that was so hard for for me to get
Is it that reference is usually right at top of mine. So it's very surprising. Hey, uh, thanks so much for listening our program
Sorry that well, I was gonna say sorry that you were early, but that's not my fault. That's your fault
Uh, try to work on that for next time griffin. Do you have any notes for the listener? They can try to work on
um, I guess
While you are doing stuff on your computer go ahead and uh purchase montaigne's new album making it montaigne
Of course the creator of our theme song. My life is better with you
uh that album is
Fucking great and you are gonna you're gonna love every second you spend listening to it
Uh, and I guess I got some stuff here. Yeah, go for it trap
Nice as we may or may not have mentioned during this it's fall and that means the weather's turned a little chillier
So get yourself a munch squad hoodie
Over at the merch store as well as a brand new besties tea, which is available in sander tea or raglan
10 of all merch proceeds this month go to earth justice
Which uses the law to preserve a rich sustainable and diverse natural heritage for current and future generations?
Check all that stuff out and more at mcroymerch.com
Get your tickets for the 20 rendezvous fancy takes flight tour tickets for all show are
On sale now at bit.ly slash mcroy tours at the end of this month
We're going to be in san jose for an adventure zone show
And a my brother my brother me show and then october 1st denver with my brother my brother me and in november
We've got washington dc detroit and cincinnati
All those tickets on sale now at bit.ly slash mcroy tours
Mask and proof of full vaccination or negative covid test within 72 hours of event start is required
Hey, we got pre-orders open for the adventure zone 11th hour graphic novel. Can I talk about that? Yeah
Yeah, it's a fucking great book comes out february 21st 2023, but it would really really
Really help us out if you would pre-order that one at the adventurezonecomic.com
Speaking of the adventure zone. I just want to say some exciting stuff happening over there. Oh, yeah
Uh dust season two just came out with special guest erica ishe
Uh session zero and episode one are out now
Uh with three more to come and then after that justin's dming a full arc
So come over and check out the new shit we got going on. It's a it's gonna be a good time
Never been a better time. Also. Thank you to everybody who I assume showed up for dragon con
We haven't actually gone yet. We're recording this ahead of time, but i'm assuming it was amazing
Yeah
Well, that's gonna do it for us this week and we sure hope you've had a good time. We definitely did
And so definitely just need a motivational end of the show
a motivational quote
Something to pick people up something to give them not something not to tear them down, please. Yeah build them up, please
I heard a lot of feedback that last week. I really tore them tore them apart
Um, yeah, a lot of people said that in a good way. Yeah now build them back up
Build them up grab the sun
Grab the look up grab the sun in the sky
and
Eat it fucking eat fucking eat it eat the sun. My name is justin mcelroy. I'm travis mcelroy
I'm griffin mcelroy
This has been my brother my brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
Oh
Is better with you Maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned audience supported
