The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls, do you want it? Just say, hey, I want it.
Just say, hey, I want it.
Hello, everybody, and welcome to our brother-brother-mean-advice show for the
Machinera. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
Gang, T-G-I-F. It's your boy, Griffin McElroy.
T-G-I-F.
F stands for fuck day, doesn't it? I don't know.
Wait, hold on. Thank goodness it's fuck day.
How lazy this program has gotten with the cursing and just the language.
Let's start it. Start it over.
Okay. Hey, everybody.
It's J-Slizzle here on the MIC. It's M-B-M-B-A-M and me, brother and me.
I'm Travis, middle-est.
Thank God it's fuck day. That was like a little dog made out of air horns.
Walked into your fucking honeypot again.
We're recording this on a Friday, so that means there's so much different material.
We rarely ever record on a Friday.
We have new stuff that we can talk about that we normally couldn't, like what's new in theaters
opening this week? What's happening?
Doesn't Avengers come out this weekend?
Avengers is next weekend.
This weekend, we've got the 33, which is about Chilean miners.
Love the Cooper.
Love the Coopers.
By the Sea, kind of a movie.
This is By the Sea Watch 2015.
Commit to the bit. It's By the Sea Watch 2015.
Okay. Welcome to By the Sea Watch 2015, where we're checking in on the new film By the Sea,
starring Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt.
What? They're working together on a project?
They're back.
It's about an American writer named Roland and his wife Vanessa who arrive in a tranquil
and picturesque sea resort in 1970s France.
That sounds nice, but there's a comma.
Their marriage in apparent crisis.
Oh, boy.
Yeah.
And also, Loki's there. He's stirring up the pot.
Dang, I got to race to the Burger King and pick up one of the commemorative frosted glasses
for Take This Sea.
Does everybody have their Melanie Laurent action figures?
Because I know I do.
Yeah, I don't know why they did multiples of them, but I'm excited to have the whole set.
Because you got to have the chase figure. There's one where she's in sort of a floppy sun hat.
Yeah.
There's another one where she's smoking two cigarettes at the Riviera.
I got the amiibo. I got the Melanie Laurent amiibo and you plug it into Mario Party 10,
and then all of a sudden she's there and she's hanging out with Bowser and Sonic and friends.
Did you get the one where you put vegetable oil in the little hole in her back and you crank the
wheel and real sadness emanates from her?
What did you say there? What were all those words?
Travis was referencing a Darkwing Duck gas grenade gun that would shoot smoke
if you put vegetable oil on it.
It never worked, really?
No, it did not. It was the most disappointing toy of my entire childhood.
Yeah, it's really bad. Also, that reference, just so I understand, that was on par with you
making an inside joke about a thing that's in your pocket that nobody else could possibly know about.
You don't think other people got and were disappointed by the Darkwing Duck?
The shitty Darkwing Duck gun? No, gang, I want to talk about this fucking unstoppable
potential energy that the weekend holds. You're not excited about this intro, I can tell.
But listen, anything can happen on Saturday, anything can happen on Sunday.
I'm sick of recording this show on Sunday knowing what has happened on Saturday and Sunday.
It's all about potential energy.
I don't have that anymore in my life. My weekends are now,
they're dictated by my baby wakes up at 5 30 in the morning and that's my-
More time to party, more potential energy.
Yeah, think of all the partying you could get done in a single day.
I've never been to a 5 30 a.m. party, Justin. What are they like?
Well, you watch Little Einsteins and eat some cheesy poofs.
Nice.
Now, what's a cheesy poof? Is that like a Cheeto?
No, it's like a Cheeto, but it is a single piece of puffed corn,
hulless puffed corn.
And what kind of psychedelic effects do the puffed corn have?
There, there, no, there's no, okay, I can see what you've done there.
There's no psychedelic effects because you give them to your baby when you're just like,
not, your heart's not in it at that exact moment. You know what I mean?
It's like a-
Your heart's just not in it right now.
Yeah, it's sort of a, it's like a baby tapas for the disillusioned dad.
Yeah, that's, wow, that's actually on the box. I didn't know you've gotten those before.
There's Chester Cheeto on the front like,
enjoy these baby tapas for the disillusioned pops.
And he smokes a cigarette. He's smoking a cigarette on this one.
That's crazy.
And blowing it in your face. You gotta put vegetable oil in for it to do it.
Yeah, please add vegetable oil to this bag of shitty Cheetos.
Okay, listen, it's an advice show for the modern era.
Let's fucking help some people for once out.
Can we-
Live.
Should we also address the fact that I feel like we recorded an episode like 15 minutes ago?
Yeah, this must be what it's like to have a job where you work every day.
Oh, I hate it.
Yeah, but that doesn't matter because this is about to be a great, great episode.
All right, rip the-
Did you guys know-
Rip the shit.
Did you guys hear about that?
I saw it on Huffington Post.
My four and a half year old son has red hair and is generally regarded as being adorable.
Frequently, when in a public space, a stranger, usually middle-aged or older woman,
will comment on the color of his hair.
Sometimes they will say it's beautiful, but more often they will say something like,
oh, look at that red hair.
I never know how to respond to this.
Their tone is probably not like mine.
I appreciate that they want to compliment him or something he has no control over,
but the statement is usually followed by an awkward silence and maybe like a,
yeah, with a forced chuckle.
Is there a way I can acknowledge their compliment gracefully?
That's from Josh.
Just rip out a clump.
Give them.
Give them some.
Give them a piece.
Take a clump.
It'll last longer.
A sample for you to take.
Stuart, be quiet.
You know the arrangement that we have.
Here, eat this shitty top.
Eat this crunchy top of us.
You patchy little ding dong.
This is one of the reasons I hate small talk,
but don't you think, what do you think the compliment giver in this scenario
is expecting in the response?
Look at that red hair.
Ah, I see you've noticed his red hair.
Come with me.
I think that ha ha, yeah, is exactly what they expect and all you need to give.
Yeah, you could also just make a sort of another observation
just sort of about your immediate surroundings.
Like, oh yeah, and there's some soup.
Look at that green tree.
Hmm.
Maybe notice, maybe notice something on them.
Hey, there's a purple sweatshirt with a wolf on it.
That's sweet.
That's really cool.
Pretty badass sweatshirt.
Trade you.
Where'd you get that?
Trade you.
Color for color.
Give you some of this boy's sweet hair.
Give me a sleeve.
I'm working on a spell.
It's one of the components I need.
See, my wife, her dad stole some beans.
Shit's crazy.
Anyway, can't get her knocked up.
Unless I have a clump as red as blood as sleep as purple as magic.
Hey, speaking of sleeves as purple as magic,
I picked up Riley, my 15-year-old sister-in-law
from the high school yesterday.
And there was a, I saw a,
I was asking her about some of the teens in the area.
Teen fashion update.
Teen fashion update with Justin McElroy.
You guys are gonna feel bad when I finish this.
I asked her, you know, about some of the teens
that were surrounding our car.
Just kind of making small talk about teens.
And I saw this fucking dope-ass kid,
like jangly, crazy Jim Morrison hair,
and wearing a Huntington Blizzard sweatshirt.
Fuck, yes, yes, yes, yes.
I almost hopped out of, okay,
super quick Huntington Blizzard is the long defunct.
Long defunct, very defunct.
I would argue it was defunct while it was still fun.
Every player on the Huntington Blizzard
was also looking for other jobs.
Yeah, it was a minor league,
a long defunct minor league hockey team.
Probably our closest brush with professional sports.
We have the arena football team, the locomotives.
That's true, we did have that.
But we had the Huntington Blizzard,
which made like, considering it was hockey,
which is not a huge sport around here,
it hung in there pretty good.
It did, they did pretty well.
This fucking kid was wearing a Huntington Blizzard sweatshirt.
I almost got out of the car and offered to buy it from him,
so I could, I don't know, use as a bandana or something,
because it certainly wasn't gonna fit my frame.
But I just wanted to update you guys on that.
And this has been the teen fashion update.
When you asked Riley about that kid,
was she like, oh, he just keeps showing up.
I don't think he's a student.
Did she give you any background on how awesome this kid was?
She said that she knows him.
And I was like, can I get an introducio?
And she was like, I think that would be inappropriate.
I was like, okay, I'll just stop and introduce myself.
Did you run up to him and try and put a hand on that shirt,
but your hand phased completely through him
because he's a ghost that was murdered in 1996?
At the height of Blizzard fever.
When you see a kid like that, are you like me?
And do you think that kid is either super cool
or like a total outcast, right?
Either he's like really ironic and on point with it,
or it's like, oh God, there's the kid
who wears the Blizzard sweatshirt every day.
Who knows?
Watch any coming of age movie released nowadays.
I'm talking about your Paper Towns.
I'm talking about your Yumi and Dupree.
That's not funny.
You know the teen comedy.
Your Marmaduke.
Your Marmaduke.
And it's just like the kids.
Your drill bit tailors.
The artsy kids are the ones that are making it happen.
And that was not true.
I hung out with a group of people.
One of them had a fan website about Final Fantasy III.
And that was sort of the par for the course.
And we were, I think, on that Paper Towns style.
And we were derided.
I think that's a side effect of consolidated high schools.
There's so many students there that a true fiefdom
of popularity cannot form.
There are more like warring clans.
You know what I mean?
Do you guys want me to-
I can mean girls?
Yeah.
Yeah, please.
You remember.
Oh my God.
Fucking perfect.
Transitione thank you to my man, level 9000 Yadru Drew,
Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yadru Answers user Tyler who asks,
and let's be cool about this.
Can we make an agreement to be fucking cool about this for once?
Yes.
Justin, I need a verbal confirmation.
Yes, I'll be cool.
I was not paying attention to what I agreed to be cool to.
I don't think either of you did.
That was crazy.
I was letting my cat out of the room.
It was very important.
Well, you also let the cat out of the bag
that you're an inconsiderate brother.
Yup.
Tyler asks, and let's be cool about this.
Is a team a quote unquote nerd if they use a pocket watch?
Update.
Just recently my phone was fried when it fell in some water
and I lost my wristwatch.
Also, I am an avid Doctor Who fan, so I opted to get a pocket watch.
Man, I would have been good buddies with this guy
it sounds like in high school.
I am not the most social person, but I still want to be normal.
I know that people tell you to be your own person,
but in reality, this advice is not necessarily applicable.
I had some trouble with that word.
So I ask again, if a teen wears a pocket watch,
will they be made fun of or labeled a nerd?
Keep in mind, this watch will usually be in the pocket of jeans.
Ah, I'm so glad.
I'm so glad he clarified because I was about to say
it depends on how whole hog he goes with it.
Don't vote for pocket watch, it's in the pocket of big jeans.
If he went like wested and like full on like a trouser
and some spats and like, you know, like a like tails
and he was like the dopest classiest dress kid in high school.
No, I think he's gone around the corner at that point and he's awesome.
If he's wearing a t-shirt and jeans and a pocket watch,
he is not fully committed to the look
and therefore, yes, but it's not because the pocket watch is nerdy.
It's because of his lack of commitment.
Can you, but like, okay.
You want him to look like a private dick is what you're saying?
You want to look like the lead singer of the Cherry Poppin' Daddies?
I would also accept lead singer of like your Panda at the Disco.
Yeah.
Right? That's a cool look.
I just, I think that every look is okay,
but you just, you have to be able to commit to it.
And like, this is an important thing
that I think a lot of people miss out on.
Like, if you get like, if you're worried about something being cool or normal
and it's something that's like outside the norm,
that can still be cool, but affectations aren't cool.
So like, are you wearing a pocket?
Like, if you are the sort of person where like,
it is natural to you to wear a pocket watch
for this reason and this reason and this reason,
you're an old soul and you only listen to fucking 40s on four
on Sirius XM or some shit.
And that's like, that's your life and you're living it
and you're owning it.
Then like, yeah, absolutely, pocket watch.
Own it and wear it and do it.
Let me name three names that if you saw them wearing a pocket watch,
you would say, yup, Paul F. Tompkins, John Hodgman, John Roderick.
No.
Johnny Depp.
Three super cool dudes.
Johnny Depp.
Johnny Depp.
Thank you.
Ronnie, Ronnie Depp.
Johnny's twin brother who you never hear about.
Ronnie Depp works at the clock factory.
Yeah, Ronnie James Dio.
Yeah, he also works at the clock factory
and they need those pocket watches to keep all their shit on time.
I've worn a pocket watch before.
Well, we've all worn some shit, Travis.
Well, like in a suit form, I was in a suit.
It's a good look when you're a three-piece suit with a vest
with the pocket specifically meant for the watch to go into.
That makes sense.
That does make sense.
Not so much.
Jeans, not as much sense.
You're in high school and you have a pocket watch in your pocket
and you have on some aesthetic goggles you bought from Hot Topic.
There is also a clock in every room in high school.
That's a good point, Travis, and in the hallways.
Everywhere.
Yeah, you can't even be late for shit in high school.
There are people with like belts on telling you where to go constantly.
Oh my, it seems my 10.30 class has begun.
I'm late.
That's never happened.
No, that's never happened.
You know another thing that's never happened on Earth
that was like probably the biggest lie propagated by TV and movies
in my young years that was like I was disillusioned by?
Free period.
Yeah.
You guys ever see that in any TV show movie?
Like, oh, I have a free period right now.
That does not exist.
I would lump Study Hall into that, too.
That's not a thing.
You know what drove me crazy in like teen movies based in high school
is sometimes in those movies, the boys and the girls would kiss each other.
Like, magical fantasy.
Get real.
It doesn't happen.
And they would go to like parties in high school?
More importantly, proceeding that they'd be invited to one or two.
No, no, no.
Yeah, I saw one shot of a movie where there was this kid who was in high school
and it showed the clock and his clock said 11 30 p.m.
And I was like, continuity error over here.
Get the DP.
We're going to reshoot this scene because who's up that late?
Nobody.
Don't wear a pocket watch.
Don't wear a pocket watch.
Unless you're the type of person who wears a boneless.
You're probably just not like you really take a look at your look.
Are you completely owning the being a pocket watch person?
You can't start from the pocket watch and build from there.
That's why it's called an accessory.
I feel like that's a good rule of thumb for like, affectation.
If you have to stop and think, am I the type of person who could?
You're not.
Like, it should be just like second nature that you're like,
oh, got to pick up a pocket watch today.
Like, it's just on your list of things to do and not like,
I am making a commitment to a whole new me with this accessory.
Like, no.
I don't necessarily 100% agree with you there Trav.
Sometimes you just got to throw your hat over the fence and say,
this is going to be a hard struggle,
but I am going to start with the pocket watch.
And I know that I'm going to look like an asshole for a little while,
but I got to start somewhere.
You got to commit to this.
Sometimes you just got to throw your watch into your pocket.
And then throw your pocket over the fence.
My pants.
How about another question?
Yeah.
Whoa.
My boyfriend and I are looking at moving out together.
The only problem is I would rather share roommates with roommates we don't know.
And he would rather move in with his friends.
Renting with just us would be a little pricey
and would mean we would have to wait longer
to find a place in our price range that is nice.
How do we resolve this?
That's some Jess.
I kind of get this.
Yeah.
I've only ever lived with people I knew,
but that's always been to varying degrees of how well I knew them.
And there is something to be said that if you move in with people you know too well,
that kind of familiarity can breed a little bit of friction.
You know, there is like something tempting to that idea of like,
oh, my roommate is just like a random person I met through a service
and we see each other in the morning
and sometimes run into each other when we come home from work,
but we're under no onus to like hang out
or like have dinner together or do shit together.
We're just sharing a space and that's it.
Especially if you're moving in
and like your significant other is coming with you.
I don't know.
There's something to be said about the idea of like,
they're just another person living in this space.
A random roommate is just a friend that you don't hate yet.
Exactly.
But you'll get there.
It's just a friend that may never become a friend.
Yeah.
I would have a hard time with that.
I would feel obligated to try to get to know the person,
to try to get inside their head.
Let me in.
What's wrong with me?
You have easy access to me, whatever you want it.
Let's like make use of your resources,
your natural justice resources.
Every day you would just walk into their bedroom uninvited
and just be like, let's just hash this shit out, man.
Like, what are you talking?
I have nothing.
We have no beef to squash.
We have nothing.
We have nothing.
We don't have beef.
We don't have pork.
We don't have chicken.
We've got nothing between us, Derek.
Why did you eat all my meat?
There's nothing fishy.
I love this roommate.
I want to live with this guy.
He knows a lot about meats.
He's good at meat based puns.
Listen, I was up all night.
I had a graveyard shift at the butcher shop
and I would just like to sleep place.
Thank you.
I left you the bacon in the fridge with your name on it.
What more do you want?
That would actually be a super cool roommate.
It'd be a good roommate, man.
Oh, yeah.
I would love to live with a butcher I've never met before.
Griffin, are we going to return to your cockamamie theory
that everybody who's a butcher is doing it
so they have a cover for when they eventually murder somebody?
Uh, it's not cockamamie as much as it is
practical life-saving knowledge.
Why, you wouldn't live with a butcher?
Um, I would not live with a butcher, no.
There's also something to be said though
to Jess's question, which is,
do you also know the potential roommates
your boyfriend wants to move in with?
Sounds like it, doesn't it?
But like, is it all your boyfriend's friends
and you don't really know them?
Because I could see where that would be a huge turnoff.
Yeah, that would be really weird.
That would, I actually feel what Travis is saying here
of, yeah, then you're going to feel like
a third wheel in your own house.
Exactly.
And that dog don't hunt.
I don't know, what's the solution?
Just stop, everybody stop getting roommates
and live in Japanese capsule hotels in the Japanese style.
Oh my god, yes.
Oh my god, yes, Justin, you've made me so happy.
Yeah.
Justin, from downtown.
I didn't know you had that particular insight in you.
That's my one and I've been saving it.
Now, I don't think-
But if everybody would just live in Japanese capsule hotels.
Yeah, I don't think there are long-term Japanese capsule hotels
because they would be like little stinky garbage cans after a while.
Unless they rotated like every night
they moved them one to the left.
Change places.
Why would that be the worst?
What, because are they cleaning them between?
They're cleaning them between, yeah.
But you can't, once you've slept in a bed like 100 times
there's no getting that stink out.
You got to keep rotating.
That's true.
It's all about stink confusion.
You got to confuse those long-term Japanese capsule hotels.
Man, this is a great idea.
Austin would go gaga for this shit.
Boutique, it's a boutique concept.
It's boutique, it's small, it's tiny living.
Yeah, tiny houses are huge right now.
Well, wait, hold on.
But imagine if you just like slept in a drawer
and at that point you're like, oh, you live in a tiny house?
Oh, I didn't know you were so wasteful.
Do you really need that much space?
I sleep in basically a cabinet.
I'm basically Peter Pan Shadow.
I basically just live in a drawer in Wendy's room.
I have eight hours of oxygen pumped in to my sleep coffin every night.
No more, no less.
No more, no less.
That's how non-wasteful I am.
Over sleep?
No, thank you.
I'd like to see another day, please.
No, no.
But tell me about your tiny house with its bathroom and shower.
Can I suggest a name for this gigantic capsule apartment
that we've come up with?
Yes.
How about just Sleep?
Because it's very utilitarian.
It's just like a place where you go to.
Maybe it's built above a restaurant
where you're fed like a gelatinous protein cube
that provides you like your necessary nutrients.
No more, no less.
And that place is just called Eat.
Where's the umlaut go in Sleep?
No, it wouldn't be there, one.
There wouldn't be.
I love Sleep.
Let me give one tweet to it and see how this grabs you.
Sleep?
Very evocative.
Oh, you can do what you want in there.
Fuck yes, and the dot in the question mark
is also a capsule that you can sleep in.
But you only rotate into it once a year.
But that's a great night's sleep.
Great view, too.
Great view.
Well, for everybody walking outside,
they can see like right up your sleeping tunic
that you have to wear when you enter the hotel.
Oh, this is good.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah, how about we hit you with a Yahoo?
This Yahoo was sent by Ira Ray.
Are you Ira Ray?
Who wants to know?
Thank you, Ira.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Oh, something's gone wrong.
Let's call them Iowa Greg.
Iowa Greg asks,
what is the fastest way to eat corn on the cob?
Additional details.
It's for a corn on the cob eating contest.
You're disqualified right now,
because you're juicing it, you're cheating.
Yeah, that's the question.
If you ask, and I'm glad he clarified
that there were like rules and strictures,
because the easiest way is, of course,
to cut all the corn off of the cob.
But then I feel like that would be frowned upon
in a corn on the cob competition.
I would think so, yeah.
I would think so.
Maybe just no one thought to ask.
They bring you the plate and you're like,
could you cut it off for me before we start?
And they're like, actually, yeah.
Yeah, we can do that.
Cool, cool, cool.
Can you load it into this thing I have?
It's like a big PVC pipe with some hairspray cans
attached to the back of it.
And it says corn gun on it.
Can you just dump it right in there?
Yeah, I guess there's nothing in the bylaws
that says anything about corn guns.
Go ahead and slop it in, I guess.
Could you modify a t-shirt cannon
to just blast a copy right down your throat?
Just get a copy and just blast it clean down.
I think that you could do that once.
Well, how much corn do you have to eat
for this competition?
Probably more than one ear, I would guess, right?
Yeah, oh, is it speed or is it amount?
Are you cleaning one cob or is it how many cobs
can you do in a set amount of time?
And I gotta tell you, Justin, down in the whole cob,
that just seems like you're wasting space in your tummy.
There's a lot of fiber and stuff in there
that they don't expect you to eat.
Obviously, they get very excited.
The judges get very excited
when they see somebody eat the entire cob,
core and all, but it's-
He's here to play.
Yeah, so everybody, you know,
everyone will throw one of those down during the run
just to like show off to the crowd a little bit.
But more than that, one sort of obligatory corn shot
and you're just, you know, you're not being efficient.
You know, I was sitting here thinking of how,
I tried to figure out how I would do
in a corn on the cob eating contest,
like trying to gin up a number
that represented how much corn I could eat.
And I realized something.
I don't really know because I can't think of a time in my life
when I finished an ear of corn out with the buttering
and the salting and the chewing and everything
and thought, yeah, I'm ready to go through that again,
one more again, pile it up, let me get another cob going.
Like nobody's ever gotten full of corn on the cob.
They're just like, I can't do this anymore.
That was a lot of work.
It's a whole like process.
Like you can't just like, oh, I'm late for work.
Okay, I'm just gonna grab a corn on the cob to go.
Like it's a whole production.
You ever see that little kid in like 20s movies?
He's in his little Lord Fauntleroy outfit.
He's licking a big lollipop.
The closest you can get to that look as an adult
in a socially permissible setting
is eating a corn on the cob.
It's just like you got your little pinkies up
and you're just.
If this person's talking about going pro,
then I don't think they realize the sacrifices
that are gonna be required of them
because a lot of the corn pros out there
have gotten tooth reversal surgery.
And that's sort of where it's like a special kind of braces
that they put on your teeth
so that they all sort of bend backwards
like in towards your throat hole there
in the back of your mouth.
And like a sarlacc.
Kind of like a sarlacc, yeah,
like a reversal of the teeth direction.
And so they just jam a whole cob into their mouth
and a little bit into their throat.
And then as they pull it out,
their backwards teeth just do all the scraping for them.
And if you just get one clean go.
Do y'all do the typewriter
or are you doing a circle around the corn
and then move to the next circle?
Which way do you guys do it?
I just, I just, I shuck it with my fate.
What are you talking?
I just told you how I did it.
No, I mean now
without the professional tooth reversal surgery.
You do the typewriter like they do in them cartoons?
I'm actually a fan of doing cut sees off sees.
And I don't fuck with that in between the teeth stuff.
Get that out of there.
Cause I want corn now.
I don't want corn tomorrow.
But what, okay.
Hypothetically you go to like visit a friend's house
and they're very strict
that you can not cut the corn off the cob.
It's a very fundamentalist corn household
and you have to eat it on the corn, on the cob.
Do you do typewriter or do you do around the cob?
Okay, so in this situation
where this has happened to me once
cause it'll never happen to me a second time.
I guarantee you that
cause I'll never talk to any of the parties associated again.
I guess I would typewriter it Trav.
You caught me, okay?
That's the correct answer.
You did good Griffin.
I mean, it's not.
Given the circumstance that you've laid out at it,
I get it is the correct answer, I guess.
I like this big hunky chunky bites.
Man, can I just also say this aside?
Fuck, this is funny.
I can talk about how we like to eat corn for hours.
But unfortunately we have to go to the muddies then.
My brother, my brother and me is sponsored this week by Squarespace.
If you would like to make a website all about eating corn,
the funniest thing anyone could ever talk about ever.
I think we can all agree that you want to use Squarespace.
My brother, my brother and me is brought to you
in part by Squarespace, the all-in-one website platform.
Squarespace sites look professionally designed
regardless of your skill level and with no coding required.
Anybody can do this.
Anybody.
Name somebody right now.
Justin, name somebody.
My baby Charlie.
She could do it.
Griffin, name somebody.
Anybody.
Fucking Ron Perlman, I guess.
He could do it.
Justin, name somebody else.
Ron Perlman?
Oh no, he can't do it.
Junior.
Oh yes, he can do it.
Okay, good.
Don Perlman.
He is allowed to do it, but only once.
He can't do it, actually, that's the trick.
His flesh is made out of hardened white precious gems.
Oh, you got me.
Bull from night court, bull from night court,
bull from night court.
He can do it.
That's my next three.
That's my next three.
I want to get him out ahead of me.
Oh, yes, no, yes.
Griffin, one more.
Dr. Pizza.
Dr. Pizza could do it.
Anybody could do it.
I forgot, I ran out of people, okay?
You did fine, and here's the best thing.
Right now, you could start a free trial
just because you listened to us
with no credit card required.
If you go to squarespace.com,
use the offer code MYBROTHER, all one word,
you'll get 10% off your first purchase.
So 10% off, plus a free trial with no credit card.
Anybody could do it.
Even Dr. Pizza could do it, and he's not even real.
Squarespace, Billy Beautiful.
Excuse me?
Sorry, he's not a real doctor.
He's more like a professor.
Professor Pizza.
Thank you.
I have a message here, and it's for Cupcake,
AKA Kim, and it's from Muffin, AKA Joe.
And Muffin says to Cupcake,
happy fourth anniversary to the woman
with hopefully infinite patience.
You're an amazing mother and wife
and the love of my life.
PS, ramblesnatch.
Was that one of the names for Warrior Cat,
or is that a private, personal, maybe sexy message?
It's not that sexy.
Participated in something private and personal and sexy.
Well, they made me do it.
I can't feel guilty about,
like they left their bedroom door open, you know?
And they played soothing music inside.
What am I supposed to do?
What am I supposed to do?
This message says it's for the week of November 12th.
Oh my God, we did it.
That's a third.
First off, we did it.
Secondly, that's a Thursday.
What are you doing?
How are you splitting up your weeks?
Thursday's a special day of the week.
I'm, I'm, I don't want to,
I feel gross actually talking about this,
this bedroom situation anymore.
Griffin, tell us more about what Cupcake and Muffin
do on Thursdays.
They get stale because they were baked on a Monday.
I got a message for James from Will.
Hey big bro, here's wishing you a happy big 29 from me,
the guy that always beat you at Settlers of Catan.
I hope the final year of your 20s is filled with fun, laughter,
and gunny?
I don't know what that means.
Oh man.
I bet it's dirty too.
Probably not dirty.
Probably not.
It probably is dirty.
Sorry, sorry for eating your cherry flapjack.
My bad.
That is a true crime.
I don't, I would love, I would just adore.
I would just really fancy a cherry flapjack right now.
That goes down really good.
You know what I would kill for right now?
What?
Some, some motherfucking corn on the cob.
Right?
I want to kill, corn on the cob is basically
a Japanese capsule hotel for corn.
And I want to get in there like, like Bahamut
and just destroy the whole foundation of the thing.
You know what I mean?
I do.
I really do.
I want to get that sloppy corn butter chin that you can only get
from a true full blown cob devastator.
I'd also like a corn fritter.
Yeah, whatever.
Oh, do you guys ever do, so welcome to Corncast.
Did you guys realize why this episode is not one of our best?
I just realized it.
Friday the 13th.
It's, we've been cursed.
It's our first ever Friday the 13th recording, I think.
Well, um, boo.
Um, I'm Jason.
Hey everyone, we're the Flophouse.
One of the newest additions to the Maximum Fun Podcasting Network.
I'm Dan McCoy.
I'm Stuart Wellington.
And I'm Elliot Kalin.
What is the Flophouse?
You may very well ask.
We watch a bad movie and then we talk about it.
A bad movie podcast?
Isn't that like every fifth podcast on the internet?
I'd answer that by saying one, we've been doing this show for over seven years,
long before the entire premise of our show was a cliche.
And two, shut up.
Sick bird.
I'd say that our show is more of a comedy podcast.
A podcast about words that sound like other words.
A podcast about me singing long irritating songs like this one.
A podcast about pitches for a Ziggy comic book movie
or discussions about sex tarps.
Yeah, I mean, mostly it's a show about three friends just hanging out
and talking about ding dongs.
That's mostly used to.
Wait, what?
So if you like any of those things, subscribe in iTunes today
or visit MaximumFun.org to follow the show.
The Flophouse.
That's what happens now.
You read a question.
Okay, all right.
Kind of pump the brakes there.
You asked.
I currently work as the graphic and web designer for a small company
and the nature of my work requires to bring me...
Fuck.
Friday the 13th.
Got me again.
Again.
Oh, those tricky...
Jason.
Those tricky Jasons.
They sneak in and they make it twist your words.
It requires me to bring my laptop into the office.
I love the job except for the fact
my very hands-on boss keeps poking and touching my screen.
Oftentimes hard enough to make me worry about the safety of my computer.
Is there a way for me to get him to stop it
and to keep my job that's from smudgy screen in SoCal?
I'm sorry.
Now, Griffin, why is this tickled you so much?
It tickled me.
Imagine it.
Imagine it.
Oh, let me see.
What are you working on here?
Jab, jab, jab.
Jab, jab, squeeze.
Oh, I like this graph here and I like how it goes up.
What have you done?
Oh, you've done a bar graph with a bar here, here, here.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, what does this button do?
Do you want some of my PB&J?
No?
All right.
All right.
More for me.
What is this new search engine you're using?
Splorch, splorch, splorch.
Like, what is this guy's deal?
It's called splorch.com.
Hey, can we get that?
Can we get splorch.com?
You already did.
Damn it.
I have one foolproof plan that is going to keep your bosses going to fall for it once,
and then your problems will be over.
Put some jelly on.
Yeah, I figured that might be-
You put some jelly right on your computer and the boss goes in for a touch of whiskey
and he comes back with a finger full of strawberry preserves,
I guarantee your problems are going to be whisked away like you're on a carnival cruise
line sailing off to the Bahamas.
Now, Justin, I'm sorry, but how does that stop the screen from getting smudgy and dirty
when it's covered in preserves?
Now listen, because now you got ants, but the-
And those helpful ants are going to clean that screen right off.
They won't leave a fleck of jam on there.
Hey, is this the IT department?
Yeah.
Is it normal for my computer to have some bugs?
Yeah, it is.
Just break down and fix it.
Fuck yeah.
Oh, you nerds, I recorded that.
Now, nobody can get me fired for this now.
Have you seen that hot new viral video Guy Punk's IT department with bug pun?
It's got four views.
It's pretty sick.
You guys want a Yahoo?
That didn't really answer the question, Jelly.
Well, it's just the craziest thing I've probably ever heard.
Why is this man touching your screen so much?
Does he know there's little LCD diodes in there?
They don't like being touched.
Give them their space.
Ask him not to.
Just ask him not.
Or maybe, is there a way you can make him feel like good about himself while asking him to stop?
Like, whoa, Hercules.
You're gonna break my liquid crystals with your big muscles there.
You better pump the brakes.
I have an idea.
Here's what you do.
Have ready, right, a little bottle of spray and like a screen cleaning wipe, right?
And when you see him coming, start cleaning your screen.
And when he walks up, you look at him and say,
just trying to keep my screen clean.
And then you're done, and he's there, and he's just seeing you trying to clean it, right?
I think that that will be enough to keep his fingers off of your screen.
Unless he's like, oh, you got rid of my good oily work that I did on my last-
I drew a line for you to follow.
Don't you understand?
I said I wanted the line graph to go like here up to here.
Stop, stop erasing it.
Hey, stop cleaning your screen or you're fucking fired.
You're a dime a dozen.
Let my grease do the work.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Yes.
Yeah, absolutely.
This Yahoo was sent in by level 9000 Yahoo Drew, Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by an anonymous user.
I'm gonna call him Big Joan because Big Joan is the only person that has answered this anonymous user.
Big Joan asks-
Perfect.
What is Lizard Man's relationship to this human world?
What does it mean if you are a Lizard Man in a former life?
What?
Okay, what- Griffin, what- what in there is capitalized?
You think that's gonna help?
Syntax?
I don't know.
I'm looking for any clues.
W, the W in what?
That's it.
Proper.
Lizard Man's not, former life's not?
No.
God damn it.
What is-
Lizard Man's relationship-
One more time.
What is Lizard Man's relationship to this human world?
God damn it.
God, do you think this is Lizard Man asking that?
Oh, that's grim.
Poor Lizard Man.
He's having a rough ride on the 13th too, huh?
What am Lizard Man doing in this human world?
Why can't Lizard Man find love?
Lizard Man keeps saying wrong words on podcast.
Lizard Man am bad at recorded medium.
Podcast no be viral hit that Lizard Man expects to be.
Lizard Man have unique thoughts and opinions that Lizard Man thought would get chuckle from others.
Plain fleshy human ears no interested in hearing Lizard Man's unique perspective.
Lizard Man have small but deep audience.
Lizard Man thought audience would be more permissive of audio issues early on.
Lizard Man can't get hashtag going.
Why no one use hashtag for Lizard Man's show?
Lizard Man's special guest appearance by Adam Carolla fall through last minute.
Lizard Man mourn for opportunities lost.
Lizard Man's sponsor's very disappointed in Lizard Man.
Lizard Man know how sponsors.
Lizard Man sorry about lies.
Lizard Man sorry about lies.
Oh god.
Could be Lizard Man's inconsistent release schedule?
Potentially.
Potentially.
It's all about consistency.
That's why we're recording fucking today instead of skipping a week.
Even though we're recording on the spookiest unluckiest day of the year.
In hindsight, Lizard Man should not have called his podcast This American Life 2.
The Lizard Man story.
The Lizard Man story.
The Lizard Man should have called this show for Lizard Man only.
Such a narrow audience.
Just me.
Would also include Lizard Women if could find any.
It's so hard out there.
It's so hard out there for a Lizard Man.
Ah man.
Um what uh what uh what would you guys say to uh another question?
How would that grab you?
How would Lizard Man feel about that?
It would grab me good.
Lizard Man like questions.
I'm 33 years old and my parents don't know that I have tattoos.
I used to have a negative relationship with them.
Yeah.
I used to have a negative relationship with them.
So when I started getting tattoos at the age of 18 I kept it a secret.
By now we have worked on things and have a good relationship.
But I've been lying to them for 15 years now about the fact that I have tattoos.
I want to get more in places that'll be harder to keep hidden.
How do I let my family know I have tattoos?
I already know they have a problem with them in general for religious reasons.
That's from Girl With The Secret Tattoos.
Um I the one thing that struck me about this is odd is the line um uh I've been lying to
them for 15 years now about the fact that I have tattoos.
You think that's a lie about a mission?
Not like she goes out of her way to say she doesn't go out of her way to say I uh anybody
got any tattoos in this room?
Not me.
No me neither.
No absolutely not you.
Every time she shows up for Thanksgiving you don't have any tattoos do you?
No still don't.
Everything's cool where's the stuffing?
But she she has missed by my math 15 consecutive Labor Day pool parties.
Oh that's a good point.
There's a lot of reasons why you're you're tattooed.
What if it's her face?
What if she's got the face tattoos?
Well she says she wants to get them in places that are uh harder to conceal so I I can't
think of many more places that are harder than that.
I can't convince my family I'm just a huge fan of fan of the opera for much longer.
Or I could you could you maybe try this your parents are like hey is that a Taz tattoo
on your back?
And you just like spin around and like whoa how'd that get there?
What the hell I I've been targeted by a tattoo you know.
They got me again.
They got me again.
What if you just acted like you had already told them?
I told you about my Taz tattoo.
Yeah you guys you've known about I I told you about it remember?
Yeah it was like eight years ago.
Did you forget?
Remember?
And now ball's in the air court.
I was originally gonna get one with him uh like doing his like twirl and he was gonna
say like the world keeps on spinning baby or like Taz say the world keeps on spinning
baby or something and and I just got the smaller one.
I told you guys that we had the whole conversation.
You remember.
Because you said you were gonna get one too and then uh you didn't.
We went and you chickened out at the last minute and then you got one later and you
got it removed.
How do you not remember this?
You remember.
What if you got Taz praying?
That would be amazing probably.
And so then they were like a tattoo and you're like yeah but look closer and they're like
oh okay.
No that's kind of nice.
That's nice and they got another one of Taz peeing on something like that Calvin kid.
Yeah he's peeing on the devil.
Yeah you guys uh remember when Taz was like big for a minute right?
Yeah.
I was thinking I was thinking about this yesterday.
Do you think that was you also remember the when Tweety Bird was kind of like in vogue
right?
Like a little bit before that.
Do you all because I was trying to puzzle out why anybody would have any affinity for
Taz the character the Tasmanian devil and I started to wonder do you think people who
were super into Taz initially were doing it sort of like a rebellious flipping of the
proverbial bird to people who are really into Tweety?
Like that's not for me.
I'm a grown adult with I'm a bad girl or boy uh I'm a I'm more of a Taz person myself.
Tweety Tweety has no sway over me.
Um yes?
You're saying there were warring factions of Tweety and Taz.
I'm saying that the original Taz's I'm wondering I'm not pausing this theory I'm
wondering aloud if the original Taz's were seen by their users as like a uh a rebellion
an act of rebellion an anti-establishment uh uh sort of symbol.
But could you not flip that Justin and say that the Tweety Bird came out of people seeing
the Taz and saying no I believe in a more structured society in which the good guy who
wins and they're a little bit a little bit a little bit rambunctious but mostly there
for good.
Um okay that you would say I would say Taz is I would say Taz is chaotic good and well
Justin I would say it depends on which Taz they're talking about.
Are we talking about the Taz from like tiny tunes and later iterations or are we talking
about the original Taz because the original Taz was the bad guy if I remember correctly.
I got a monstrously explicit Marvin the Martian tattoo over my body it's a full body extremely
explicit Marvin the Martian tattoo and when I say extremely explicit I'm talking about
dick on dick like his on mine full-blown full tattoo suit uh-huh yeah right we I remember
last Christmas as well as anybody what the what else do you have to add nothing that
was a great gift that you all got for me that you all chipped in it's a very expensive
procedure getting a full martian body transplant but uh it was worth it that was him of course
that was a classic character an impersonation of his favorite character Marvin the Martian
yeah I actually you know what's fucked I'm kind of over him now a little bit that's
too bad that's that's a shame you hate to hear that everybody this has been my brother
my brother and me it's been an advice show for the modern era uh uh uh we've been recording
a lot of things this week because dumb dumb griffin is going to Hong Kong and he's made
our lives really hard as a result and it was very selfish sorry everybody that's very good
all is forgiven uh we hope your Friday the 13th went well it's a few days in the rear
view at this point um we uh we wanted to tell you uh that we love you very much and we hope
you have a very safe week ahead it's true that was very sincere it's sincere I do I do I care
about everybody listens to this and I hope they are gonna have a killer week um I think that's
where I I sit I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters for use of our theme song
instead of departure off the album playing the days to bed you can find it on iTunes or Amazon
or anywhere that music is sold I think those are the only two places left though that sells music
we also want to say thank you to maximum fun.org our our home and the home to many other amazing
podcasts that if you haven't checked out at this point you're you're missing out you're the one
suffering go check out all the other maximum fun.org podcasts like um I don't know what are
some other good ones uh saw bones that Justin does with his wife Sydney um thanks Jeff hopefully
you you've listened to it's incredible uh lady to lady uh one bad mother Jordan Jesse go of course
judge John Hodgman there's a ton um go check them out we've got a D&D podcast over there called the
adventure zone which also hopefully you've checked out at this point um but yeah go check out maximum
fun.org find another show that you like there's tons and you'll love one of them if you want
something a little more timely I would recommend trends like these which Travis does with his
friend Brent Brentlefloss on youtube and uh they talk about some some of the hot news of the day
the trending news stories and they give it their own sort of uh spin uh last week we talked all
about the uh starbucks red cups and what was going on there and all that stuff along with a bunch of
other stuff that was just kind of our main topic of the week I uh wanted to also tell you all that
we have a new podcast coming it's a very special it's a very don't tease it because I don't want
people to be disappointed I'm gonna literally say what's happening all right uh we we are making a
new podcast uh with the uh Tim and Guy from worst idea of all time it is an annual podcast that will
release every American Thanksgiving day uh and I do mean every it is an annual podcast that will go
on for eternity because we have pledged that when one of us beefs it they will be replaced
by another host and the podcast will continue forever every Thanksgiving day watching Paul
Blart Mall Cop 2 the show is called Till Death Do Us Blart and it will be available uh you can
subscribe to it right now uh it will hopefully be in iTunes by the time you hear this Till Death
Do Us Blart and then you can just get the first episode there's a trailer up there now if you
want to get a little taste uh but that'll be up Thanksgiving day and every Thanksgiving day for
time immemorial and you can uh follow the show on twitter at death blart um and you can tweet about
it if you want to hashtag death blart um and while you're at it as you wait and get really excited
about it you should go check out the worst idea of all time while you're at it it's an awesome show
that all three of us love very very much uh where they watch the same bad movie every week and record
it and and uh review it the first season was all grown-ups too and the second season is all uh Sex
in the City 2 highly recommend it uh oh speaking of uh tickets for Candle Nights is still are still
on sale um we've passed the halfway point by this point um we're doing it Huntington West Virginia
December 21st it's our holiday show and that will be uh hopefully curse free so feel free to bring
now curse free doesn't necessarily mean we won't like dip into some adult ideas but we'll try to
keep it as PG as possible so that you can bring the whole family it's a pan-religious pansexual
personal pan holiday called Candle Nights um if you would like the tickets you can go to bit.ly
forward slash candle nights to Huntington West Virginia Monday December 21st we hope to see you
there that's our show and Sawbones you get yes Sawbones will be there as well uh this final yahoo
was sent in by yadru drew drew davenport thank you drew it's by yadru answers user
Constantine who asks is super mario italian or mushroom kingdom-ese
uh my name is Justin McElroy I'm Travis McElroy I'm Griffin McElroy this has been my brother my
brother may kiss your dad square on the lips
you maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported
