The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me and if I show the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. Woof woof. That's me chasing my own tail. I'm old dog Travis McElroy
You're his brother. I'm jealous of Travis's thing cuz he's been doing it. Yeah
You ever see those videos? Hey, hey, hey, you ever seen one of them videos on
Facebook where the people share like I took a picture of myself every day for ten years
Yeah, I see that and I'm like fuck that looks cool. I wish I could have done that
But then I think that's too late. I can't you guys you guys lack
Commitment to really anything but let alone bits and that's why if I start doing a bit even if everybody hates it
I'll just keep doing it. You know what I mean?
Yeah, it's a good bit and I'm Griffin McElroy. You could start doing it now Griffin
You know the best time to start doing an intro bit is yesterday and the second best time is today. Damn
That's good shit, except we weren't recording yesterday
So then I would have just weren't then what was I doing?
so
Do we have an intro? I?
Thought we'd just check in as bro. Oh, okay. No, sorry. Mine was more of a faithful. Yeah, I bet
I have to I have to imagine
Otherwise, why did we start recording? There's a you know that kind of deal. There's an emptiness in your heart
There's an emptiness in this in the in our heart and my shit in this show speak on that
Yeah, Griffin folded that impulse. Okay. Well
When we're doing this show we rely on
It on the bit on the bits to sort of float us through the hour, right?
But without the bits
It's just the three of us sort of standing in a big white empty room and it's so bright in here
And it's bright because it's exposing us. We are nude
Because there's no bits to hide our shame behind and there's a there's a huge emptiness here now
I get that Griffin, but maybe that means that this is where we'll do our best work
I think for too long
The three of us have relied literally for the entire length of the show have relied on you know, bits Yahoo answers
Questions having ideas these kinds of things. We've relied on that too heavily
So what if we just did a whole episode where we didn't make any jokes?
We didn't come up with any good ideas
We didn't have any thought starters or anything. We just kind of actually as liberating as that sounds
I feel like we've unintentionally tried that a few times in the last few years
Yeah, and I tried that too and it didn't go good. The response hasn't been great
We did a whole episode about war with grandpa, didn't we?
Yeah, we did do the whole episode about war with grandpa that nobody but that was maximum artifice
So this is the other way around right? Oh, there's a minimum artifice
Yeah, I mean with this
Spring is here. Uh-huh. Shit. Yeah, bud. Now we have all of that. Yeah
Yeah, spring is here and that means one thing around these times this this neck of the woods time for spring cleaning
Okay, I'm gonna get out
Some of the parts of this podcast that are not working. Oh
them out
Dumpster. Yeah, and and you know, I don't know if we want no no there's you don't want to bring in new stuff
Why you're spring cleaning? You just want to clear out some of the cross. Yeah, there's let me see
Let me see. I got one that's I'm just immediately immediately. I'm gonna get one out. Okay, just let me crank it
Let me crank one out gross one
jam
So that was the last one of those they're done. I'm getting rid of in the spring cleaning
I'm getting rid of pretending like I'm ending munch squad. I'm not one squad. I'm getting rid of I'm sunsetting the bit where it's
It's final days. Okay, so net so that that bit is now
retired as they say on
Blank check we're hanging its Jersey
Yeah, me and Travis still make them jokes
About much. No, it's it's done. The continuity is done. Like it's important to reset continuity for our show, right?
So people knew new listeners aren't lost. So that's not a thing anymore. I don't say that sure
I'd like to get rid of something. It's just been bothering me for a while. Yeah the part of the show
And it's kind of like after we've made everything right, but yeah still talk for like another five minutes
Yeah before the I'd so I would like just get rid of the closing interesting
So I just want to end whatever the last thing is
So we say a joke right and we're like Kelsey Grammer's dick and then the mp3 stops
Yeah, no, you know, I think we can leave the silence
Oh so that we don't get people like messaging us late. I think the got cut off right ever, right?
But we just I don't think we need
Closing stuff anymore. Okay, interesting
I'm gonna say this and this is a huge one and may actually be the most difficult one
To actually stick to and I this is not for the boys because I do not think I could muzzle them like this in
Good in good faith, but I am never going to say the word
Frazier again on this Wow
We're sunsetting Frazier and I'll there's a lot of our younger fans who I think are gonna be fully fucking stoked about that
Cuz they don't they don't know who this old
Northwestern fucking nosy Jagoff is his name's phrase
His name is a word. I won't be saying on the show anymore. Yeah
And that's it. And that's it. Hey, can I just say Griffin that people are gonna think that that was a really good edit?
My Rachel right there. No, I caught it. That was just an amazing selfish. Yeah, it was very red and it was not intentional
I fully was about to say that
Northwestern gentleman's name. It sounded like it sounded
Computer clean. Yeah, good. That's all that it was. All right. I
One last thing that I do want to cut from the show. I just want to cut wherever we say the word this
Oh, I don't want to say that word anymore any of them and if we do we'll put a quarter in the jar
Okay, that's gonna rack up pretty fast trap. Yeah, but then we'll spend that on ice cream
Okay, we can keep doing all of our great bits like where we do stuff
That's just for people to use on tik-tok, right that we do all the time
But now you've fucked it up trap the possibly the whole show because now I'm going to be thinking
Constantly for the rest of my life about that word and how I can avoid saying it about this. Yeah
God
Sorry, that's a quarter
One of the things that I've seen a lot of people complain about I'd like to discuss sunsetting is
the very lengthy
Introduction sequences. Oh, they're kind of rambly people complain
Sometimes I've seen this you guys don't believe me, but it's true
I've seen people complain about the fact that we don't do enough questions. Okay, is that I I'm not kidding
I don't know if it's a problem or not. Like it doesn't bother me
because
They know we've been doing this for like 11 years, right? We've answered basically everything
It's thought starters and also nobody has new problems. They just have same problem want to leave
tired of
This time what you leave the person they want to ask out has blue hair instead of like red hair or whatever
But it's all the same
Reductive. No, you're being reductive
What I'm saying is everybody has same problem and it is brothers want to leave right?
I want to do other else or how make friends
No, you Travis. You're not
The same wavelength as us fuck I guess I just am kind of an introvert and I've liked being inside. Oh
you've been driven mad without the
Travis without the the incredible power of people
applauding for him Travis is withered into a
Huh? Huh? Huh? He's like fucking Gary Oldman in Dracula when he has it fed. He's just lurking around
He's like one of the little snot creatures in Ursula's lair in the little
Yeah, I be actually calls me a Tinkerbell for that very reason. Yeah without people applauding for me. I am dying
Yeah. All right. Well
Let's do it. Oh, thank you. Oh, yeah. Hooray for you
So we're gonna do actual questions because this is how this is this is real, you know
That's like 75 cents. By the way, what is you just said the THI word?
My partner and I are expecting our first baby in September congratulations
After our first midwife appointment, my wife asked me if I wanted to catch the baby at delivery
Don't believe brothers. What is the best technique to catch my child and not experience a big? Oh, oopsie on day one? This is from
Butterfingers Buckeye and Akron and pal
You don't know listen
Don't do it. Listen. I want to do it intra question an intro episode this year. We're here
we're gonna have a lot of fun and
We're gonna have a lot of fun. You should probably just do it
however, the very nice midwife says you should do it right when when dot was
Born we did a scheduled c-section and all
Morning as we were prepared for this at least three different medical professionals asked me
When we remove the baby, yeah, do you want to watch and I said?
At least three different times
No
Not on your life
Yeah, then a fourth medical professional who failed to ask you that question got involved in the delivery
Oh beans and when the baby was removed held it up to me like Rafiki did Simba and I was like put that thing away
Down wipe it down. What are you doing? And here's the thing that you're not expecting Butterfingers Buckeye and Akron when a baby comes out
They're gonna be a little blue and they look fucked up babies when they come out of shit fucked up man
And oh, I'm looking at it going. Oh, no, and now I say not yet
I would say my daughter dot but in that moment
Oh, no, and the doctor and all the everybody else just kept saying like oh good color looks good
No looks good. I don't like I think it's that's a good color
Here's my point question asker. You're gonna have a lot on your mind. You don't want to be in there
You're gonna have a lot on your mind. You don't want to be in there
I mean you got to be in there and you got to be supportive but
like I can't imagine like like imagine you're a major league baseball catcher and
Also behind the pitcher. It's like some kind of monster. Yeah
There's a lot of stuff in that room that if you look at it
It's gonna fuck you up pretty bad. And so you need to be you got to keep your head on a swivel in there
I do not think catching. Well, okay, they're gonna have to catch this baby. So what's the best technique maybe some kind of kid?
Okay, you're gonna get seven other large people and a hula hoop with like some fabric stretched
Oh, I love that cuz that can like catch people jumping out of windows if the building is on fire, right?
So it surely can catch anybody ever actually seen that happen where they stretch out the big
The big trampoline and then people jump out of the buildings and they catch them in the trampoline
That's gotta happen, right? Don't say surely. Have you seen it happen? Have you seen it? I've seen it in cartoons
Travis yeah, I'm talking about this. I see. I see mr. Game and watch do it, but that's a
Any true to life, you know, if there's one thing that I remember from middle school what you're gonna want to do
Get a little parachute attached to the baby ahead of time get some cushioning around it
Yeah, right and so that way even if it falls from like a second story that cushioning that maybe you can like suspend it in the
Middle of a structure with like some rubber bands. Here we go
Now Travis is building fucking a science fair project where you see how high up you can drop the egg from yes, exactly
But with a baby you see so yeah, if we're not is that not what that test was supposed to be for?
Prototype for this exact moment. Yeah
Hey, can I do a yahoo? I'd love that. This one was like that whole time
Justin didn't say anything about how he would catch a baby. Yeah, I'm not going to
But think about how much great free time I'll have when y'all are in the court battle of your fucking lives
Okay, but don't listen to us. You don't have to do any of that. Yeah. Oh, yeah, that's enough. That's enough to do it
This one's sent in by Graham Roebuck. Thank you Graham. It's yahoo answers user good Vegeta who asks
Should the NFL create a SuperDuper Bowl?
If if the team who lost the Super Bowl had better regular season record than team who defeated them
They can ask for a SuperDuper Bowl rematch
It's played in a special gigantic arena with lots more fans if the team with better regular season record doesn't want a challenge to rematch
For SuperDuper Bowl out of belief. They would lose again
Then the next season they could use that challenge left over to claim a first seed playoff spot with first round by
Interesting now, okay. I like the concept, but I don't think that they're executing it the way I would choose
I think a Super Bowl right you have the number one and number two teams, right and whoever wins
Should then in the SuperDuper Bowl one team play against whoever they lost or like whoever lost and the third team
Right now it's one team against two teams. Oh, that's great, right? So it's like, okay. Well you could beat that one team
Let's see how far we can go with this and then no if they win
We go to the SuperDuper Extra Mega Bowl right and that's one team versus three teams and you can see where I'm going right now
Okay, let me hit you with a twist it
Super Bowl who wins whoever won the last one right Tampa Bay. That's not right. Yeah, sure. Okay Bucks win, but then
The Bucks have to compete against the winner of the World Series
Okay from that year
This is the SuperDuper Bowl where the winner the greatest of all the each of the sports gets to compete against the top
Sportos, yeah for like athlete like athlete
Compete in football or in baseball trivia, baby. Oh
I'm meeting of them. I know I'm in flat-footed. Do you see I like oh boy
I like if we did it wwm by we I mean
the National Football League of which I am NOT a
representative
but I would I think the NFL should follow the WWE and
How they do it where they do the the money in the bank and whoever grabs the briefcase
They can exchange that to fight the champ right then and there whenever the fuck they bring the briefcase in
So I don't know what this is the all-star game
Whoever wins the all-star game can like immediately after the Super Bowl the confetti is flying
They're lifting Tom Brady up my shoulders and he's you know
He's he's thinking about fucking a mattress
He's doing his whole thing that he fucking does and then but you hear not so fast
and it's the all-star team and they get to they get to do it now and that's a great strategy because the
Buccaneers are so tired
I'm gonna take it and turn it just a little bit Griffin. Okay, so the Buccaneers have just won, right?
I'm Brady. I want everyone shoulders think about fucking a mattress, right?
Then not so fast. Who's that? It's the dark Buccaneers. Oh
It's like they're exact replicas right they have to beat their clones. I love this. Yeah, I always love this, right?
It's the best part of like any video game where you have to fight yourself and like you move to the right and they move
To the left. That's what I'm talking. That's good. Yeah, that's good
Or we could just go Final Fantasy 7 style where after the after they lift up Tom Brady up on his shoulders
He's thinking about having a good sex with a mattress and they're celebrating but then he looks back on the field and he says set
Me down and he slowly walks back out on the field where the Kansas City Chiefs
quarterback Patrick Mahomes
This is there and he's shirtless and we do it Sephiroth style where if you really want to win the Super Bowl
You really want to win the Super Bowl? We settled this one-on-one quarterback versus quarterback
Yeah, you beyond QB street ball just like we used to play where one quarterback
Everybody's got giant heads throws it to
To just throws it down the street and then you run and just try to grab okay
They have to pick someone from the crowd
Okay, so that way, you know, it's like this is all about quarterback skill. Yeah, right. We're just gonna pick because okay
Oh, here's the thing. Sometimes when the Super Bowl is done, right? The quarterbacks get a lot of credit
I feel so empty after the Super Bowl is done, right? No, I was here before the next Super Bowl. Fuck
Yeah, I was bad for like the other members of the team, right?
Cuz the quarterback gets so much credit. So when the Super Bowl is done, we switch quarterbacks
We play again exact same game. We swapped quarterbacks. Now. We see how this game goes, right?
I'm still gonna probably reflexively pass to their guys
well
Okay, we okay now
The quarterbacks are gonna rotate to safety and everybody else is gonna move up one spot. We play again. Okay, right?
That's maybe it's punter
I don't want to downplay cuz I couldn't do any of them
But there has to be a like and you're at this end
There's somebody on that team who's there's got to be somebody on every team in the major sports
Who sucks shit, but they just hoping like man. I hope I don't go in. Yeah
That's good. That was me in every sport. I ever played up to this point. I'm just happy to be here
We solved it. Yep
That was an easy one. Yeah, I wish they were all but all slid down that smoothly because it normally there's a little bit more
Of a challenge. Um, can I so real quick? This isn't really a question, but I you know, I I go through the
the the emails and from time to time
I think it's important to do just a little PSA here folks about getting your question on the show. Yeah, and
This this question stuck out to me. Okay, I will read the body of the email and then I will read the subject line
The body of the email reads title says it all
Thanks brothers wet and wild in Alberta. Okay, and then the subject line is how do I stay dry at the dentist?
Yeah, that's a good that's it because you've now it's a mystery a puzzle box
For us to try and crack open. I would argue here question asker. The title does not quite say it all
No, there's definitely a lot
There's a lot left unsaid here. Yeah, maybe a little too much room for us to play
I would say a little bit
Too loosey-goosey here with how one might be getting a little wet and wild at the dentist. Yeah, that's not great
That's not a place where?
Moisture of any kind is acceptable
No, cuz you they you put it it goes up the tube that it sucks it out fast
Do you guys wish you have one of those just going in your mouth all day? Yes
Yes, I'll never forget. I was a child at the dentist and one of the the dental hygienist
Cleaning my teeth said aloud you are the spittiest kid I've ever worked on
And that is a thing that's really stuck with me over the years. Yeah one spitty kid
Yeah, and I think a comment like that offhandedly delivered by a professional. It's the kind of thing that shapes a young man
That's somebody who would know yeah
Like a stranger. Yeah, there's somebody who would know it's really stuck with me my housemate, and I have recently been getting more into puzzles
One time I was at a weekend murder mystery Ravenwood Castle and now extinct shadow stalkers
Murder mystery
crew and
They do murder mysteries, and there was one guy there who of his own
volition
He decided he would style himself as a puzzle master. Uh-huh and he would
Not through the organizers know of the event. He was sort of like a rogue puzzle master
God, I miss these fucking things. It was like it was my my Bonnaroo
So they made himself a rogue puzzle master, and he would just stand up and announce. I have more puzzles
And they were good. They were good. Were you there for that guy? Yeah? He was there the
One I loved it
Fucking the greatest it's the greatest thing on the world turn out dude worked at the meat counter at Kroger
Fantastic, and he and he gets his one week. It'd be a puzzle master grace
Can he hook it he sees that opportunity yes loved it?
it
Puzzles how he would say every time and it made me excited about puzzle sure I that was my favorite thing about going to those
Things Justin because the people seizing the opportunities like that person who with no affiliation to the organizers
Dresses the werewolf and scared people in the woods. So it's just a werewolf and ran around the woods
Yeah, he just wanted to do that scare the shit out of me one time
I was at the murder mystery shadow stalkers, and someone stood up dressed as
um Johnny Depp pirate Jack Captain Jack Sparrow yeah, and um his name was Dave
I think and he stood up and I noticed that he'd been there a few murder mysteries in that exact same costume
And then he stood up at the last day of the murder mystery
Everybody has to stand up without their costumes on and say who they really are and he stood up
And he was still dressed as Johnny Depp pirate. He said I have come to realize that Dave is the costume
Huh fuck. Yeah, yes
Yeah, go live your life reclaim Captain Jack Sparrow you are Batman
We are it's a reclamation project. We're taking him back. You can't have him Johnny
We're taking back Captain Jack Sparrow time. We see weirdly photorealistic
Johnny Depp at the end of the Pirates of the Caribbean ride out Walt Disney
I do there is a part of me that recoils slightly like anymore. You're taking it back. Now. He's Dave
There was a point in history where people like I hear Johnny Depp sometimes sneaks on to and appears on it
And it was said in a much different way than it would be said now
Johnny Depp sneaks on to the Pirates of the Caribbean
Okay, so we put together a really rad thousand piecer of a bunch of colorful scoops of ice cream
I took a lot of effort over the week or so now
It's just chilling out taking a good half of our coffee table
How long do we keep it assembled before we undo all our hard work and throw it back in the box?
What's the proper amount of time to bask in our accomplishments versus maybe wanting the surface area back? That's from Pittsburgh puzzlers
Okay, this is I totally understand this question because you have kind of like if if you don't do it right away
Which is so disheartening which can really destroy your coverage. Then it's like how long is enough to take?
Are you I?
have this feeling
Are either of you the type of person that would like?
She'll lack a puzzle. You have a little puzzle glue buy some puzzle glue
No amount and like frame it cuz you're never in a million because the glue eventually
Will also wear off and the puzzle will it will erode?
I I would instantly take apart the putt you've wasted your time right making a puzzle is a waste of time
But you've wasted the time in the way you choose and there's fucking power in that right?
Yeah, I've decided I'm gonna waste my time exactly like this
I'm gonna make a picture of ice cream. No one likes and then when you're done with it
you know what you do you spit the face of mortality and say and now I'm going to take it apart because I can because
I'm alive and I'm a human being and I'm gonna disassemble it there right back in the fucking box
Just go ahead and burn my time. I want you should be allowed to fucking destroy. There should be instructions on the box
I put it together and once it's done look at it for one uninterrupted minute and then put it down the fucking garbage
Disposal, baby. Yeah, throw it up in the air
Can you imagine the satisfaction of throwing the air and then just punching right through the whole shit? Oh my god
You've earned it better yet charge somebody to come do that
Cuz oh, that's true and then say like hey
Do you want like have the feeling of honest-to-god like destroying five hours of my life?
Here you go, but $25, right?
$25 and then you can use that on your next puzzle. This is what I'm saying
Okay, now it's a gig economy and that's how we keep things going. You know what? I mean your jobs creator now
I am here from puzzler
There's no you or II
It's just puzzler. Yeah, and I'm here to destroy your puzzle. I want to destroy something beautiful. Ah, yes, right this way
We made it
Used to look like this it used to be many smaller pieces of ice cream picture. Do you want me to?
Do the lights any certain way or no, thank you. I would like you to would you mind leaving the room you leave the room?
Oh, you don't want me to watch? No, no, no. No, I'm not one of those. No, no, no, that's not really my thing
No shade, but like I really I I just want to take it apart piece by piece one by one
Oh, sorry, just before you leave
Are you ever gonna want to put this together or is it okay if I just eat a few or does that bother you?
Six or seven. I'm never gonna put it together. Yeah, okay
I imagine recently the same puzzle. Oh
I can't remember what it looks like. Are you kidding me? It's right here on the box Bob Bob stop
What are you doing? I can't do this with kids our age like the kids there
If it's not a one-shot if it's not something I finish in one night, there's no point
I can leave it in the highest cabin. Yeah, it's all a shelf and they would sense it and destroy it
Yeah, here's the thing that I learned
I used to do puzzles a lot and then I realized
I could just like print pictures off the internet if I wanted to look at ice cream. Yeah, and it was done way faster
Yeah, or you think now I knit which is like putting together a puzzle that can keep you warm
You can't do that with like a jigsaw puzzle you could try but people will laugh at you
Do they have jigsaw puzzles that turn that are useful at the end? Wouldn't that be cool? Yeah
I guess it's kind of Ikea
Yeah
We're gonna take a quick break and
We're gonna head into the money zone and then we'll tell you about some of our beautiful sponsors
Then we'll be right back with more great content
Stay tuned after the break because we got a lot more coming up
And we don't single second of it right here on my brother my brother and me. We'll be right back
Socks they go on your feet. Oh, where do your feet go? No one knows
Now let's talk about Bombas, okay, this is dedicated to making the most comfortable socks in the history of feet
They've rethought every detail. I'm wearing a pair right now
I love the kind of hexagonal support in the middle the no seam on the toe, but that's not it
I'll tell you my favorite thing about it. They do more than keep your feet cozy
They help give back to the most vulnerable members of our community for every pair of socks you purchase
Bombas donates a pair to someone in need and to those experiencing homelessness these socks present the dignity of putting on clean clothes a small comfort
That's especially important right now
So give a pair when you buy a pair and get 20% off your first purchase at bombas.com slash my brother
That's BOMBAS.com slash my brother for 20% of your first purchase bombas.com slash my brother
What? What happened? Oh, no, where did I go? Did you have another fugue state? What happened?
Okay, I'm gonna do a funny one now. No, you did great. You did great. What? It was so good Travis
We're so proud of you. That's gonna be the first ad that we actually get paid for which is dope
I did the ad already, but I was gonna talk about the toe jam and stuff. Oh, man
Well, I'll try to bring a little bit of irreverent South Park humor here to Squarespace
How you feel about that? Okay, if you could fit toe jam in somewhere, it would just mean the world to me Griffin
Yeah, I'll do it in Peter Griffin's voice
Hello, it's my brother my brother toe jam and me is sponsored in part by Squarespace
Stand out with a beautiful website from Squarespace
Yo, you're getting there and
This is the baby one in
Squarespace you can showcase your work and
sell products and services of all kinds and promote your physical or your online business and
More do the dog do the dog. Ah
beautiful customizable
beautiful woof
customizable templates created by world-class designers
Everything optimized. I'm smart. I'm the smartest one in the family
Everything's optimized for mobile right out of the box analytics
You know, look the analytics can help you to grow in real time really the alien three runs at that one
You want an American Dad?
American Dad crossover episode what? Okay, never seen it. Oh
Secure hosting that's the ghost that's also in American Dad. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I did a perfect perfect
I'm loving this and back to Peter Griffin and close it out and nothing no patch or upgrade ever
So Peter Griffin, but he's been stabbed
Oh
Go to Squarespace dot-com slash my brother for free trial
And when you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother to save 10% off your first purchase
Of a website or a domain now, give me that say that with a beautiful website line one more time government
It's Peter Griffin having an existential crisis
What about Griffin McElroy having an existential crisis?
You
Hi, I'm biz and I'm Teresa and we're the hosts of one bad mother a podcast about parenting
Parenting is hard and we have no advice, but we do see you doing it
I'll give you like to do it
Didn't we have a bumper sticker a while back that was like honk if you did it
That's what it was honk if you're doing it
Oh, why did we not ever make this? Oh, we didn't like them. I think there's still in the max fun store
Honk honk you're doing it
Thanks, biz. So are you each week?
We'll be here to remind you that you're doing a good job. You can find us on maximum fun dot-org
Honk-honk toot-toot
You hey, can I do a yahoo? Yes, please no
This is a squad
It's time to munch. It's the munch. What is the munch squad? It's the munch squad. It's the munch squad
It is the munch squad munch squad. It's the munch squad. Welcome to the munch squad finish the finish the bite
Finish the bite. Hey, welcome to the munch squad
It's podcast and then a podcast profile the latest grits and brand eating and it's not going anywhere. No, baby. He's here to stay
Pringles this is I'm gonna I want to start covering NFTs in more detail. This is not about NFTs
NFTs are
They're like unique unique tokens that you could trade online like poach among cards, but they're bad for the planet
They because I use a lot of resources. I'm and Pringles launching NFT along with Taco Bell. Are they real I?
I've kept myself. I'm actually not gonna do that
Okay, I'm not I'm actually not gonna listen to like planet money or something
But the first response to Pringles launching their NFT is from someone just said the planet is dying Pringles
Oh
So this news in
Pringles has plucked a new flavor from the far reaches of the gaming world
answering a question pondered by many Halo fans
What what a moa burger tastes like? I don't know that is okay. So Griff you I've played Halo
You've played all the halos you co-founded a video gaming website covered video games for 10 15 years
However long it's been you don't know you don't know what a moa is
This is the wildest pull I've ever seen for a video game crossover product
This is Pringles wavy moa burger now a moa is the big
flightless bird like creatures with two legs wings
scales from the neck up and a lizard like head
Similar to the extinct bird from New Zealand of the same name
So just to double-check what the lead on this story would have us believe is that one?
Anybody remembers the name of that?
But two whilst playing the game and seeing said a large road with scales and whatnot their thought was wonder what that tastes like
For those not fluent in the video game halos lore moa
or like I said the bird is native to the halo planet called reach and
Is the signature dish of a restaurant chain in that unit fuck?
Just give me a Master Chief burger. I'm an idiot. Give me a Master Chief burger with Cortana sauce. I'm a fucking idiot
The bird is native to the halo planet reach and the signature dish of a restaurant chain in that universe
So the gaming community is continually curious about what moa might taste like in burger form. Really? This is like the longest
Fucking walk ever and what's wild column halo chips is there was supposed to be a new halo game
And now there's not and the only thing that makes sense is that Pringles had already made all the chips
Yeah, they're like listen. We can't wait for them to finish the new halo game. They should
Do it fail
We have to make the even more insane play. I'm just releasing these chips
Nothing for no reason
Through Pringles exclusive partnership with halo
The new moa burger flavor brings the food item from the halo universe to life with an interstellar twist on the much enjoyed
Sometimes written and often misunderstood moa bird
This bird is based on a real bird that went extinct in New Zealand and now you can eat it
All right. This is so good in a pretty nice Pringles
I always there is not a paragraph in here explaining why it doesn't just taste like burger. I'm gonna lose it
I'll hit you with that. Listen, they did a baconator. They know what they're doing. They're experts
No, but this is what I'm saying. It's like
Okay, go on. Go on. Thank you. I'm just mad Justin
I'm just a little verse has one of the greatest fan bases within the gaming world. Okay
So we had to create a flavor that would deliver on a taste fans could previously only imagine
The famous moa burger, but isn't that what any taste in halo it right?
Like hey, I don't know what anything in halo tastes like Gareth McGuire senior director of marketing for Pringles. This is nothing
Yeah, but none of it's anything
Even us gamers on this podcast don't know what you're fucking talking about
Yeah, I've learned more about what it would be like to lick master chiefs helmet
Yeah, they're gonna eat that or the inside of it. Check this out. Let me flip this into a successful business plan
Let me flip it
We have taken
We have extracted the DNA of the extinct moa bird and put it into a chip so that you can eat it to know what this
long dead animal tastes like
That's awesome because that opens the door to Pringles immortality
Like when I when I die, don't roll me up and smoke me
Turn me into a potato slurry mash
Slice that baby up into delicious crisps extrude them and shot me down. Oh, I miss Griffin
He died 500 years ago, but
Mmm taste him on the Pringle. That's the technology
In case you're curious they deliver a bowl crunch because they're wavy feature a blend of flavors including garlic
sweet ginger and
savory beef
Okay, each bite finishes with a craveable slight heat from chili pepper and red pepper that will take taste buds on a journey to new
star system
Gareth said we pride ourselves in creating an insanely accurate flavor combination
This is a fun one to develop while moa burger has a flavor that appeals to everyone
We expect this to be enjoyed and maybe even collected by Halo fans. Oh boy
Got a
Sometime this segment guys. Sometimes this one goes down. They're only at Walmart Pringles tweeted about them on March 3rd and
I got some replies for you guys to the tweet. I got some replies
I'm just gonna read some of the replies to the tweet about the chips the new chips that are only at Walmart and based on
The space man bird. I'm having some but after eating too many it gets really hot
What help please help me help me Master Chief them holding the chip as if maybe you were doubting it
See, I feel like there's two types of people in this world people who play Halo and people who shop at Walmart
And there's not much overlap between the two
I would argue quite a few. Halo players shop at Walmart
It's not even a judgment call just stay with a fact a lot of people shop at Walmart and a lot of people play Halo
The chance that there's not much of an overlap is a small right are these in Canada too?
Unfortunately says Pringles. Yes limited time product is only available in the US
Come on. I want to I wanted to try them out
It tastes so awesome. Please. Let us keep them then Walmart says thanks Vic. Glad you like it
Anyway, I'm Walmart
I'm 350 billion market cap Walmart just responding to your tweet about the space chip with it with an
Unenthusiastic and non-committal answer I might add. Thanks. No, but I said can I keep them? Okay. Thanks, dude
Please please I need this
Oh, thank you Pringles. You saved my life. Please don't ever get rid of them. Wow. This is pickle eye Joe says
Delicious, then Pringle says there's a high probability your taste buds will enjoy reaching capital are
Reaching new heights with moa burgers Pringles. See you at Walmart pickle eye Joe rioters burned down my Walmart. Whoa
Oh
Just a quick note Steve next time don't engage with pickle eye Joe we we learned that a long time ago
Yeah, our first time with pickle eye Joe, but I will thumbs up and then Pringle says you're about to witness the newest Pringles flavor
Plucked from the far reaches of the Halo verse run don't walk to your nearest Walmart or will kill you
Kid skull says already got some very yum and Pringles response
Congratulations, you are among the very few so far who have taken their taste buds to new galaxies by trying Pringles Moa burger
Then kids call says I glad you guys are still kicking around in 25
Awesome
It's just rice says are they at every store. I'm pretty sure we've established it just at Walmart
Jake says can I order them online? Nope
Cago
Available in Poland, I don't know. Do you got Walmart's there? Are you America?
I've been surprised by the answer with others. So I'll just ask are these vegan?
This they're not big. Oh, they're not
They got moa. They got moa flakes in them. They're wicked not vegan super not vegan. They got moa
Has anyone has anyone tweeted? I want moa them. Oh, that's good trap. Thank you
I'm a professional comedy person. Yeah. Um, hey, can I do that Yahoo now?
Are there more incredible tweets about this?
Because I'm excited about this one several people have said it and thanks everybody's Yahoo answers user Jake who asks
in the category entertainment and music music rap and hip-hop
Should we get rid of the calendars and dates and just go with the flow?
So
Rad that yeah kicks
Man, it's tough for me to even feign enthusiasm because I feel like how we wouldn't be recording right now. Oh my god Griffin
You're so uptight
Wait, you're afraid of missing doctor's appointments. Just go to the doctor when your body needs it. You know what I mean? Okay
This is oh, what's that? You're late for brunch
No, you'll get to brunch when it's time for you to have brunch and maybe your friend will be there and maybe they won't
You know what? I mean? Maybe I was late to my job interview Derek because I wasn't ready to be interviewed
Yeah, you know what? I mean dad. Yeah. Hey, I don't feel like going to college today dad
You're just a rock in the middle of the flow while I am a leaf. I'm a leaf
I'm traveling down the way the river. Can I borrow 20 bucks?
Give me $20. I just need it for Pringles. Give me $20 now because I don't really do time
So that's not the linear sense that you're sort of into so I need that right now
I'm just saying what does it matter if you think it's Monday, and I think it's Wednesday if you give me $20
Yeah, I mean like what's it? What's it really matter if I cleaned my room when I'm really stoned
We're gonna have to restructure society. I feel like to pull this off. No jobs. No school. Okay, no doctor's appointments
What's other things use no birthdays? No trains, right? So like no birthdays no holidays
It's just there is
now
There is now. Okay. Now you're talking to me. Yeah. Yeah, this is so good
And that would be dope. That would be so rad for us because then like we could just like release episodes
when it's when they are needing to be
Released when we have one in us to make it and not
immediately
after
Doing a very very long the adventure zone record
We would just feel it and fucking do it now that would be a fun way to explain to someone why you didn't like pay
your bills
Hey, I noticed you're late on this am I or perhaps the bill did not need to be paid. There would be no bills
Oh, okay, right, right, right
Cuz when because we're all just going with the flow people who make the electricity and bring it to your house
We'll come knock on your door and say it's time and then you'll give them whatever money that you have. Oh, that's great
They'll make the energy to give to me and I have I don't know grown some wheat or something
So I'll give them the energy they brought
I'm like, right and then you say you're gonna want to cook that for one hour and then they'll say
What's an hour because there's no time so cooking things is gonna get pretty fucked up pretty bad
So only raw foods, which is good cuz that's what we should be doing. Anyway, how raw though Griffin
Raw raw raw what? Okay question
Sunday morning is the day that I clean the house. Okay
So how will I know when house dirty house got dirt on start? Do you clean it?
An alarm for when to take a shit. Yeah
No, no, you do and your body tells you to now
You just gotta wait for a house to tell you to clean it
Like your house is your bowels and the cleaning is the shit and everybody's body
does have a point where they look around at their environment and just goes and
That's when that's when yeah, that's when you take a shit
Yeah, well now do you set an alarm for when it's time to wake up? Um
Yeah, I did. No, I actually don't do that cuz my stupid body won't let me sleep
Ah, it's like your body knows better than Oh, mr. Clock over there, huh?
So my body's going with the flow, but I haven't enjoyed that. Oh, I kind of wish it would rated it
Hey, what if we went the opposite way and nobody went with the flow and we just scheduled everything. No fucking flow. Yeah, that's great
I'm just saying like now like you do have a time when you're allowed to take a shit and if you miss it
Too bad, you know what? I mean?
Now it is like an extra super duper preachy episode of Star Trek the next generation
Where it's like they're about to kiss and somebody comes up and it's like no
Kissing time's over. It is not kissing time. And then it's like but love
You can't put a time schedule on you can't make love
Well, if you guys kiss we're gonna kill Wesley. That's right. Wesley did a kiss during hug time
So he's fucking dead now because we killed him. And as soon as murder time rolls around he's out of here
He's done so. You're lucky we only murder on Fridays
Ah shit guys if we get rid of dates and calendars you just go with the flow
How are we supposed to know when the purge is? Oh, man, that's true
You'll just you'll go up and hit someone in the head with a sledgehammer
And then someone's like not yet. Yeah, you go to jail. You're like fuck that wasn't it
I had but then you could just walk out of jail because there's no such thing as jail sentences. Oh, yeah, that's right
How long do I have to be in here? Oh, uh, we haven't thought of that. Yeah, I didn't
So I was at work one day with another co-worker it was really slow so we were talking about sharing stories
Talking and sharing stories. She got a customer right after telling me something super personal
She ended it with don't tell anyone. I told you that you're the only one in this whole state. I've told
Problem is I zone the fuck out
She was talking and I didn't hear anything that she said since then she brought it up again saying that thing
I told you before. What do I do? Oh boy. That's from awful co-worker and
Alaska and I think this is great. Oh, I think this is wonderful. Go on. Okay
Okay, I'm going to tell you the person on the other end of this question
She got to unload the thing that has been bothering her
you
Have now that but that information is very sensitive
You have now become like a cryptocurrency cold wallet at this point. Okay that data is
fucking archived and locked down
beyond all
Blockchain on the blockchain now
You can't get the block chain of your rudeness is what it's all right, and that's great. Yeah
Sometimes people do have to say sometimes people do tell you things because they do they are looking for a source of commiseration
but it is also like a heavy load sometimes and they're gonna be worried that you'll let it slip and
And they all they don't have to because it can't slip it won't slip. Yeah, it's not even technically there
It's not there. That's awesome
Now if you did want to figure it out, is there a way to do that? Other than hey, just so you know, I
Wasn't really listening to her that super sensitive thing that you've only told me damn it. Why didn't you fucking listen?
Fuck you should listen. Hey Griffin. You sound like my brain ten times a day. Yeah
Really? You should have listened to their net
Sometimes my brain does that when I'm meeting somebody and they're like hi
I'm and my brains like pay attention, but the brain is so loud saying that that I don't actually hear the name
Yeah, and you're looking I'm thinking like I'm listening so hard right now. Yeah shit. I'm doing such a good job listening. Oh, no
Yeah
Sure
Okay, I'm gonna give you a script. So I've been thinking about what you told me, you know the thing
Oh, yeah, the thing that I don't want you to tell anybody ever you've been carrying
Yeah, exactly even carrying around the burden that for so long and I read about an exercise in time a leadership magazine that I subscribe
to leadership
Monthly actually, oh, it's I don't think it's good
So I doesn't say is that today with the ever-changing leadership techniques, but go on
What what you do is you write the thing down on a scrap of paper, okay, and then you fold it
And then I'll go burn it for you
When you're not around, okay, and that way you'll be free of the burden. I have really bad handwriting. Is that a problem?
It's like it's like not even legible
Can you put it on Google Drive as I'm worried about a secure thing?
Do you have like any kind of like a typewriter I can use do you how much do you know about the blockchain?
Oh, I know quite a bit
Shit, okay
I'll have ten cheesecakes, please. Oh, sorry. I have to go make ten cheesecakes from scratch
Okay. Well real quick. Just okay. Bye. I gotta go make better if you said it in big Latin. Ah
Sorry, let's take that again. And this time I won't I'll wait my turn to talk
Okay. Okay. Maybe you feel better if you said it in big Latin, okay?
Oh over the cockney accent. It won't sound nothing sounds quite as bad if you say you look this scum. Okay. Oh
I'm the one what man? What's that sir? Oh, sorry. Let me go help this customer real quick. I didn't say anything say it
I think you did. I didn't say anything. I'm listening say it
Are you sure? Yeah, this is badass. I never get any goss fucking hit me
Okay, well I murdered DB Cooper and ate him. Wow, that's a weird poll
Hey, thank you so much for listening to our podcast. We hope you have enjoyed yourself
Immensely, we are so thankful that you decided to spend this time with us. So thank you. Thank you. Thank you
if you can we are going to include a couple of links to
places that you can donate to support the
asian-american and pacific islander community who has been the subject of mounting racial violence over
The last couple of years particularly sort of coming to a head
During the shootings in Atlanta last week, which we are as everybody is I'm sure
completely horrified by
There's a gofundme has put together a list of funds that are going to go directly to the families of the victims
We also included a link to the asian-american and pacific islander civic engagement fund
Which is seeking to empower the AAPI community and also
fight for
Intersectional justice on a sort of broader scale
Again, those those links are in the description
Please consider donating and and do what you can to support your local AAPI community
It's a it's a scary time right now and and you know, whatever you can do to help
helps
We also want to tell you we got some new merch over the merch store this month. We got a pin of the month
It's sausage to me
Benefitting feeding, Texas. We've got the empty bowl pin designed by Samuel Reardon. We've got the 20 big dog run pin designed by Mel Westfall
And don't forget to pre-order the adventure zone
Crystal Kingdom the newest graphic novel in the graphic novel series. It's available for pre-order now. Just go to theadventurezonecomic.com
And then wait patiently by the door until July 13th when it will actually be delivered to you
Hey, thanks to montaigne for the use for a theme song. My life is better with you. It's so good
Go listen on montaigne's music get psyched for Eurovision. She's gonna slam dunk it and because from what I understand
She's gonna embarrass every other country from what I understand. There is a basketball component this year to Eurovision
Which is long overdue. You want a final yahoo?
Absolutely. Here's a final yahoo sent in by Graham Roebuck. Thanks Graham. It's a anonymous yahoo answers user who I'm gonna call
Gravy asks
Would a lot of people watch a remake of friends, but the main characters are all goth?
Oh, yes, please. My name is Justin McRoy. Travis McRoy. I'm goth. Chandler. Could I be how are you doing?
Could I be more goth? Fuck just didn't just say it
Could I be more goth? Fuck just didn't just say it. Say my brother my brother because your dad's around the lips
It's better it's better with you
Maximumfun.org. Comedy and culture. Artist owned. Audience supported.
