The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
Hey everybody, welcome to what's the buzz our man versus be podcast. I'm your queen be Travis McElroy with me as always
Are my worker drones Justin and Griffin McElroy fucking bone drone
the bone drones
And miss we got we got professor honey over there. Oh, yeah, we got my sweet boys my honey boys
Let me just say guys. Oh
God
finally
Finally an old white
straight dude comedian has had the courage to say
That they liked comedy better when they could say whatever the fuck they wanted
Finally you being you've done done it again being let's I'd listen
I don't throw this word around a lot. Anyone who knows me knows that but I'm just gonna say it hero
Say I missed the time when I could fucking say
Anything and I didn't have to think about other people
Or like what my audience thought and so I'm so glad finally
We have someone standing up for transgressive comedy. Yeah challenges our ideas
So I can't wait to see what kind of challenging the status quo man versus
versus fuck
fucking man
versus fucking be press junkie is where being feels like he needs to take his stand and
Say oh, I might get listen
This this one's gonna get me in hot water. It's
Maybe be friend. I'm gonna be the marketing rep for
Netflix. Okay. Okay, if you're rowing. Yeah, I would love this
Buzz buzz
Roni in I got you go for bean
so
Classic and that is exactly the kind of magic. We're hoping you can capture today in your interviews about our
Project man versus be. Oh, yeah for sure for sure
So I brought in just so we can like kind of make sure we're on the same page. I've brought in
You know
David Sims from the Atlantic. Oh, we're good
Bros, you're David. Oh, hi. It's me David Sims. So David has been kind enough to sort of do a
I sort of mock interview if that's if we could try that. Oh, yeah, you know, you know
You don't think I'm ready for the real deal. I know you are. I know you are rowing
Oh, I just really want to keep it laser
Yeah, so I'm just gonna I'm gonna start off with a real softball here rowing
Ha ha
What what is it that you think makes man versus be such a great comment?
Well, I was talking to my good friend Ricky Gervais the other day
Okay, I was talking to him about
comedy
Yeah, okay. So what makes me ever
This is going I was about to say so good, but like Ricky's actually been in a little bit of a
I mean, we love him over here at Netflix can't get enough of them
Yeah, so I think actually it's all going fine. So yeah, no notes
I've prepared a statement. Oh, okay
That doesn't normally happen in interviews. But yeah, go ahead Rowan
It does seem to be that the job of comedy is to offend or have the potential to offend and it can't I'm
becoming Austrian
Well, you're very you're very transformative as an actor row and
So what it wait, so what did you say about the job of comedy?
It's to make a people angry and you say you can't punch down
But what if that's the closest thing to you? Well, hold on Rowan
It's the job of easier punch down the job of comedy is to make people
gravity
But that seemed Rowan isn't the job of comedy to make people happy and laugh
Well, I was talking to my good friend best friend
Then he was a group sort of my wedding Richard Gervais
And
He we were having a lot of laughs. We were watching his special. I was busting the fuck up at all of it and
I've got me thinking I
Should be able to tell a joke about anything I want with no repercussions whatsoever. Mr. Bain
Well, that's that seems like a big ask Rowan and I do also feel like sorry we're drifting away
from the focus
Ah the beers it represents woke culture. Oh
What? Yeah
This is a scoop. So you're telling me that what the movie actually is is man versus woke culture
kind of
but it also but it's also like
getting older
Like it's me versus getting older and I was and I could squeeze it a kid getting older with a big flame
Throw and say what?
No, no, please. I believe very much. I think I think what he I think what?
Sir Rowan is saying here. Oh, he's got the knighthood when you're fighting a bee
You can't really punch up or down cuz it's flying around so much that you're just punching every which way in that and starting on it at all
I'm and knocking over vases. I think is another great
Oh, so it's like a literal like okay that it's a literal punching right Rowan
I'm just saying
That it seems to me the job of comedies to offend or have potential to offend and it cannot be drained of that
potential
Every joke has a victim. That's the definition of every let and let me make sure you get this quote
Which is the most bonkers shit I've ever said or anyone really getting word-for-word
Every joke has a victim. That's the definition of a joke
No
Every joke has a
Victim and that's and the rest of the quote that I didn't I'm not going to say off the record
Is that jokes are like stabbings like that? Whoa, Rowan?
Okay, Rowan if I could just I don't want to feed I'm ready to talk about my B film
No, no, no now we're gonna talk about how you think the job of
of comedy is to hurt offend
Entertain not to like
Better so look at my but look at my body. Uh-huh. It's very small
With comedy, uh-huh. I make her like a big weapon
I mean, I but I don't not at this particular
ten episode long series
Sir if I may even if you believe this bonkers thing about every joke has a victim
Let's just take that beautiful metaphor. So okay, you don't like the punching up punching down thing. That's fine
Why do you want to victimize? Okay in your logic you want a bit you think it's cool and fun
to victimize
Marginalized people that is what you think God
God made me a comedian God made me a weapon
Uh-huh. Look at my little look at my little body. Yeah, it's hard not to look at it now that you've removed the robe
You've contorted it into that big bug I face that you do. Yeah
Yeah, so anyway
So but when Mitch Hedberg said like when you're standing in front of a fire exit during a fire
Right and he makes that whole joke about someone telling him to move because that's a fire exit. Who's the victim in that joke?
Well, it reminds me of a story my best friend
Bill Maher told me when I was having dinner with him and Louis and Louis CK. Oh boy. Okay that
Can we get back to the B thing because I fall down a lot in this movie and it hurts
Every time and I want a little bit of credit for that when you used a credit card to spread butter on toast
Who was the victim there Rowan just out of curiosity?
Who were you really sticking it to there?
That wasn't a joke. That was a story
That really happened that was a story I would did you just do an impression of me to me I
Did do it again David that I'm sorry David hugely. I've actually been rowing this whole time. He's
You do it better than I do
I'm transformative
and seen the art
Must be separated from the artist in this case because it's Griffin
I don't think it needs to be we're all rooting for the fucking B
Oh, I hope the last shot is we find out early on that his character Trevor
So challenging Trevor is allergic to bees and I hope the last shot of episode 10
At minute 100 collectively he gets stabbed in the fucking eyeball
And we see him and like every flash of memory comes back and as he's dying
He's like I was really a piece of shit and then he dies
That's what I'm rooting for. I just think that's he's the likely that I think it's unlikely to happen
The quote you're assuming it's a comedy the quotes that mr. B says in this article
Are truly truly truly outrageous
First of all, he says you've always got to kick up really what?
That's not I don't think anyone says you got a kick a little to cause a stir
What if there's someone extremely smug arrogant aggressive self-satisfied who happens to be below in society?
They're not all in house. Yeah, like trans people
All arrogant they're not all in houses of Parliament or in monarchies
Thanks, really?
anyway
This is not hard. It's not it's not hard then the other people got it's like fucking
Then the other people in that community
That arrogant person at the top in that community is up from them
You don't just have fucking carte blanche
Rowan
They're not above you. Listen, I
Don't have anything to say here, but I just want to say
This is about the most half-assed sort of condemnation of cancel culture that I have ever read
If you could you can hear the trepidation in his quotes of like, um
It does seem to me that uh
Anyway, it's like he got a call from like other old white dude comedians and they're like, hey
Rowan buddy, we notice you getting a lot of press for man versus beat and you are of a certain age
And your skin is white in your hand be gonna need you to make a comment about cancel culture
as is a
requirement it appears for
Everyone who is a straight white?
Cis dude of a certain age. Oh, you got a credit. I will say the credit where credits do
Yeah, you have to be
So deep in the paint on this belief system
like had a newspaper in the last
Five years and just been like I bet I could nail this go be awesome
Put me on coach
I
Anguishing
Thanks, yeah, it's given us it's given us I would say a lot to think about being
That hard to say. Yeah, you're right. I fucked up shouldn't have made that joke. I'll do better
Is that I don't even think I don't even think he said it
I think he's saying other people say he's look around he sees the way the winds blowing
He wonders when is spreading butter on toast with a fucking credit card gonna be problem. I'm attic
I don't know and he doesn't know you don't know that's the sword of Damocles swinging over his head
So let's let's begin the show yeah, it's an advice show as you know, here's some advice
Show your fucking mouth
Travis please everyone's opinion is incredible
Ah
Travis now which way think about the small body
Mm-hmm you punching cuz you're a bigger guy. You're a bigger guy than row. Oh, you're saying physically. Oh, yes. Okay physically
That's what it's meant the whole time. Oh
This is why everybody's always fucking ripping off Tom Hanks. Yes, so tall and so broad. It's why all we have to make our comedy
So weak because of our huge fucking bodies. Yeah, a big ripped muscles
We should stop working out so we could make fun of more people. That's why Tom Hanks is nice to everybody
It's cuz he's so worried. He'll notice there. He's all
Yeah
One V one me Tom one day Tom is gonna get mad, right?
He's gonna rip off his suit that he always wears and underneath this is gonna be huge
glistening fucking muscles and everyone's like we had no idea and he's like
Why'd you think I was so nice not now and then she's gonna punch through everyone's faces
You look at his you look at his eyes. They're the deadest eyes
Jedis eyes because all the life has drained down to his huge fists
Okay, this is my show. Oh real quick. Thanks to everybody who came out to our shows in
Boston and Mashantucket, Connecticut you all were really it was a really fun time
Especially to like the Platinum Rewards members or whatever at Foxwood's casino. Oh, can we just real quick?
Wandered in because they got free tickets if you're in their VIP program
So they're I got shows coming and they came in and a special shout out to the lady who then went to buy a poster
And said to the Merch person like I hated the show
But I will buy a poster and when asked why the response was I like that one's purple hair
So good. That's yours. Hey, thank you. Hey, thanks that money still folds, you know, whatever
Yeah, thanks to y'all that can't like they took a flyer on it
It's not for everybody, but they were like, you know what? I got a few minutes till the buffet opens
I'm just gonna duck in on the macaroons real quick. See what these cats are out to anyway
Thanks for coming. That's got to be a wild one to walk into but give good on yet
Thanks to everybody y'all look great
And if you want to see us for doing some more shows in July and in November and maybe some others keep it locked
Okay
Something I've been gun doing is painting on my front porch
I'm not very good, but I enjoy it just for sitting in the Sun laying my mind wander
However, one of my neighbors has seen me doing this several times and every time tells me I should put my art in the local
museum
The thing is she has never actually seen my work and she doesn't seem to be joking
In fact, she's begun asking me if I've sent my work to the gallery yet
And when I say no, she seems annoyed. How do I reclaim the contentment of painting on my porch?
That's from porch Picasso in Hamilton, Ontario
Art is if we've learned anything today subjective
Yeah, and so I bet right the right agent the right
I don't know dealer could sell your painting without anyone ever seeing it, you know what I mean?
And I can tell you exactly how and this is why I think I would be a great art agent
Okay, you hear me you're painting. Maybe it looks good. Maybe it looks like a dog shit
But I take like a literal like I take it to a rich
guy and I say
Check this art out and they say oh, that's interesting. I say yes
$50,000 and they say why I say well the elephant did paint it with his trunk. Oh
I
Love to meet the artist. It's a you can't he's too big
He's so good. You it's hard to get in places. I'll go to him
He's very territorial. His tusks are so sharp
but look at this and it's like it transcends the the
Elephant experience. Oh, yeah, it's really great. I'm just kind of into penguin art right now
Oh, well, let me see if I have any penguin art. Oh, here's one right here. It looks very same
It looks similar. I know but a penguin did this one. He's friends with the elephant. No way. Yeah, he did plagiarize
I'll tell you what. I'd love is if you could get a collab going between the two of them. Oh, here's that
Yeah, I'll take it. How much did you say?
Well, this one's a hundred thousand cuz it was the collab between the pink penguin and the elephant. And so I
Have to pay them independently. Can I trade you this painting that was done by a tiger?
What if the painting is of the neighbor? Oh, wow
wait, they're like, did you send it in yet and you're like I
Have not even begun
to capture
Tenth of a million of the light in my subjects eyes and then you spin it around and it's them
Yeah, and they're holding hands with the Joker. Yeah, and they're in it
Which Joker which Joker what which Joe come on the funniest Joker the only Joker I would say by the way
That's ever been funny the walkie-feet. Oh, you don't think the only funny Joker
Out of time and out of universe
So transgressive
Hey, is there anything funnier than the fact that everybody was clowning so hard at Morbius that Sony was like they love it
Let's put Morbius back in theaters and they had Lido up there on
Tick-tock like it's morbid time. Go see Morbius in theaters, baby. It's so funny, right? And then nobody went
What happened as I understand that
Morbid time was a viral joke and Jared Leto saw it was like
Yeah, and announced we're making Morbius too. And then Sony had to be like, uh, there are no plans to make Morbius, too
That's so Morbius. That's so Morbius. Did we do a Morbius watch?
I think we did do a Morbius. We were ahead of the curve on that one. Okay good
You need to show them the art and you will be able to
micro expression
judge whether or not they still believe it belongs in a museum or not and it's gonna be tough cuz they're gonna say like
Oh, yeah, that is
But that is perfection. That is poignant, but they're gonna make a face when they first see it like go to him
Oh damn, that can't go in a museum. Oh damn and you you will know from that
I think the next time they ask if it's in gallery just say yes
Just say yes
They'll be happy
The next time you see the next time you look in their window and see them cooking in the kitchen start pounding on their door
And they run to answer it be like just send that pie to the pie
Contest just so like they know what it's like when every single thing you do has to be adjudicated on the very highest level possible
in this case a pie contest
Or did you submit your painting to a pie contest
What why aren't there pie painting eating guns?
Thank you. I
Would love to watch I love watching YouTube art restoration videos, but they would be triple improved after sort of
dehydrating the work and repairing the the framework for the canvas and retacking it and you know doing a
you know very conservative touch-ups here and there and then they got out a big yummy plate and a knife and fork and they
Tucked in a bit and just went to town on it and got pretty sick
I'm guessing or what if it was like, what's it called? You guys are both video game nerds when it's like an unbalanced
Like PvP was that called when it's like one versus four something
Asymmetrical where one person is trying to restore the painting while someone else is trying to eat it
I see and it's like a race to see how much of it can get eaten before it's finished
How well you can restore it? That's getting eaten. That sounds good to me
I would watch the fuck out of that and also the floor is lava. Can we approach the wizard? Yeah. Yeah, let's go
Supplicate yourselves haters as we learn all about this one some a lot of people sent this in. Thank you
It's it is it's how to be a bro
I've done that. I have a I have siblings
This is different. Oh, they mean it in like the okay
You know Barney
Simpson oh
Is that not like the dinosaur? Yeah
Yeah Barney Samson Barney Brom Samson from how I did meet your mom
And so we are gonna start here with method one being a good bro live by a bro code every bros gotta have a code
It's the thing that unites and binds and solidifies the concept of the bro
Separating bro from the common beasts and squirrels of the world
You're broke your bro is and squirrels you say your bro code is up to you and your bros as well as the punishments for
Transgressing but a few rules are generally universal when it comes to bros never mess with your bros date sister or mother
Always have a bros back always take wingman responsibilities
Seriously bros won't make other bros look bad in front of girls bros
Don't let bros drive drunk that one. I don't think is typically in there, but it's the best one
It's awesome, right? It's a good. It's there should be more like that like bros help bros make smart fiscal investments
Yeah, right bros let other bros know when they should be
Don't let other bros lease because you're honestly just throwing your money
Yeah, bros help other bros remember to start preparing their taxes in like February and don't wait to the last minute
Find your neighbors and build up a brom unity bros. Fuck. I need to pay my taxes bros
Oh
Dereliction of bro duties on that we got to watch out
His fiduciary
I'm like, I love fiduciary
Dish airy more like I love nothing more than the concept of like going door-to-door in your neighborhood and be like, hey
How's it going? I'm looking to put together a close-knit group of bros
Um, is that something you or anyone in this house would be interested in? It's Grecian if that helps
It's like Greece bros. Yeah, like from Greece times not like rose. We're not bromans. Okay, not bromans
We're just bro-ing out with other in a Grecian fashion right now
You're here. It's just right now. It's just me and Zach and we hang out in a little chamber. We call the bar Fittoria. So
uh surround yourself with other brosephs bras and bros yeas
Bros say bro say rosiers rosiers
Yeah, I'll wear it it's just to give me a little shape up there it's a broseur learn
Bros, don't body-shame other bros, bro. Yeah, that's true. It's a broseur. I love it man. You look good
I love your confidence. I love how it makes you feel learn the proper bro shake when two bros meet
They don't shake hands like a couple of preachers and they certainly don't hug
What?
Bros don't hug guys or give each other preacher shakes. They bro-shake. They just gently touch-dance. It's a combination hug
They just give a feather soft kiss on the lips
Just butterflake it but broderflake
butterfly kisses butterfly kisses
Kisses my bro gets here
Gonna drink a hundred thousand cases of beer they
Feelings but we will never hug
Then he tries to drive home, but I won't let him cuz he's drunk they bro shake
It's like a combination hug high-five and arm wrestling match. In other words perfect for bros
They love and then you share a bro to visualize that is that the thing where they're like, bro
And then they're two hands like clasping arm wrestling fashion and they just swing it back and forth like big bodies together
Yeah, and touch this. I just don't understand. Why can't bros hug?
That's so weird. They hug in like they hug in band of brother. Well, you can hug Jocelyn
Sorry, you can hug you got to do handshake into hug pat pat break
Handshake into hug pat pat break. That's for bros
That's the Christians. I mean you got the Christian side hug and you can do a Christian side hug
But no hugs before bro marriage. It actually says the next step says abandon your faith in Christ only
But do keep your grades up keep your grades up it says
Bros help other rose cram for tests. I'm gonna skip around here. Say what you mean the world is yeah
Too many complicated things conversing with your bros shouldn't be one of them. You should have open bro-munication. Um
If you're pissed that your bro borrowed your car and didn't fill it up say dude next time fill it up
Word if you're upset that your bro
Borrowed your copy of Iron Giant and didn't rewind it before giving it back because you still believe in VHS
That's another thing about bros fucking love
It is yeah, they take DVDs hate they hate digital media
They like to have a collection a brolection if you will that they can show other bros. That's very important
Always be rallying just like Joe Montana in the Super Bowl
I don't under and ready at the Indy 500 he drives or Michael Jordan in the playoffs
I know that one good bros can't stop and won't stop whether you're partying working out or plugging through another round of Madden on
Xbox because bros she's not Sony phonies
But that's a shame. That's a shame because brony is well, that's a different thing. Isn't it? It's a different thing now Griffin
It's possible that I'm now starting to suspect reading between the lines here that this article is written by someone a lot like us
Because all of their sports
Memories and references are at least 20 years old. There's no way that the person who wrote. This is an actual bro. He's in
There's no way at all
You reference Joe Montana in the Super Bowl. Yeah, like it's big
It's so much better fine bro inspirations the image for this one is pretty good
It's just two boys looking at a big blow-up of a cover of men's journal featuring Ryan Lochte and Michael Phelps
This is awesome for me
Every bro should have some famous bros look up to swipe lingo from and in general idolizes the pinnacles of brodom
Some classics of bros include Ryan Lochte and Michael Phelps
Guys one time I got kicked in the brodom
Tim Tebow Johnny man's yell Derek Jeter and Chad Johnson
On new line Will Smith Channing Tatum Matthew McConaughey, do they hang?
I don't gotta gotta hang now I could see
McConaughey and Tatum because they were in the dancing movies together. I
Could see that one. They're making the Danzig movie together making the Danzig movie
I'm making the Danzig movie together, of course, and I believe I believe Tatum is running as McConaughey's a vice
Governor. Yeah
assistant governor
Broven or excuse me
The next one is the bros from epic mealtime and then finally just to wrap it all up and I would love to be a fly
In this fucking wall of the room that these boys are in Dane Cook Jim Belushi and Joe Rogan. What's that?
Hang out. What is it?
I'm gonna open the door. What's that smell?
What is the smell in this room Dane Jim and Joe what have you all been doing in here Dane Jim and Joe
Who are your guys like bro idols?
Who do you look up to when you're like you're hanging out with your bros and you're like, this is who I want to be
like oh, man
Fucking Malcolm Gladwell. Yeah. Hell yeah
fucking
Jimmy Carter those two bros. They love hanging out and love to hang out fucking David Copperfield
Fucking
Homer Simpson, yeah, bro. Mr. Simpson fucking Jesus Christ and Bronin O'Brien
So that's that part and try to make it guys try to make every day epic
A bros just like a regular dude except more exciting
You got to be in constant search that next epic moment tweaking every situation to make it just a little more perfect
Now I will say I have been in many a bar and location where bros have come in and there is I don't know that the word
I would use is excitement, but there is a definite. Oh no kind of feeling
There's a what's about to happen now kind of feeling. Is that excitement? Is that or is it fight-or-flight?
Well, let me give you some great examples here Travis and these are just normal things
I would suggest everybody does don't go out to dinner with your bros
But make epic eating occasions seek out 72 ounce steak eating challenges or spicy food eating challenges to make it competitive
Never let the loser live it down bro. Wait, did you start off with don't go out to eat with your bros?
Don't go out to dinner with your bros, but make epic eating occasions. Don't know wait. No, what let me go
Don't go to class
Don't keep this is specific. This is whoa
unprecedented
Don't keep your grades up. Don't go to class seek out epic new ways of integrating information. You're misreading it
No, just this is what it says
Research and yeah, you've been handed a knockoff wiki how article. This cannot be this is from sticky
How get out of here? Hey, I just want to jump back real quick when they say don't go out to dinner with your bros
But do you like plan like 72 is it like there's a 72 ounce steak eating challenge
I would love to do that with you sometime, but we can't make plans to do it
But if we both end up there, it's cool
Don't go to class seek out epic new ways of integrating information research optimum workout routines to maximize your learning retention and record
Routines to maximize your learning retention and record lectures on your iPod while you multitask in the lecture hall what?
Work out in the lecture hall
Make your presence in class epic by answering questions arguing with the prof and making your presence known
Hey prof now this this seems like this is now
Headed towards how to be like a totally ripped
Like figure in a God's not dead movie. Yes
Yes, but if God's not dead, how do you explain these gains? Yeah
I've been worshiping at the iron temple and the Southern Baptist Church down the street
Do we have the fortitude as an organization to release a t-shirt which reads?
God's not dead. How do you explain these?
Gains, I'm also realizing that the knot in their face. They're wildly confused
Now it makes it seem like these games are crime against God so God's not dead if God was dead
The only way I could have these gains is
Living God
I acquiesced to a challenge of his power. He wouldn't stop to this
See these fucking gates my eyes on the throne
God is dead. I killed
I punched up way way up. I got him guys. I pushed up so hard. I got him
Got him
Not you know what whenever I say that and we don't actually make the shirt. Someone else makes the shirt
Well have to make it I don't think we can make that shirt
That's my best if we let that one I'm gonna just tell McKay to start working on it right now. Don't McKay, please don't
There's a lot of fashion ones of how you can be like a athletic gear bro or a gentleman, bro
My favorite is my favorites the motocross gentleman
Bro always leaves his calling card of the scene of the crime try out the motocross bro
Gearhead metal listening SoCal bros have their own style and vibe all together
You can see these sorts of bros at the vans warped to tour or at the skate park
Typically, they'll be decked out in the following entire long dickies shorts skate shoes like vans or air walk flat brim hats black socks
Pulled all the way up. This is more about their long dickies Griffin. It sounds like ska bro more than anything, which is
Love that here and then the last part is like
We want you to this is to keep your grades up of it and it's called avoiding stereotypes
It includes tips such as drink responsibly treat women respectfully eat a well-balanced diet and drive responsibly. I
Mean, yeah, okay fine, but that just seems like human
Responsibility they didn't start the article with this section for a reason because they wanted you to have like a lot of fun
And like think about all the epic times. Yeah. Yeah eating a big steak and then the spiciest food ever to give you
some sort of new
scientifically advanced
macho Rhea
That would be something that we could write about in medical journals
This is all bros always carry Toms for their bros with with soft tummies
I want to circle back to try to make everyday epic because there's a bit I didn't read which is don't go on dates
Go on adventures dinner in a movie. That's for regular dudes
Take the cutie from econ whitewater rafting or ask the hot barista at your favorite coffee shop to go to a metal concert tonight
Take your semi-serious date to the racquetball court and see what you're made of
Hey never ask anyone out and tell them that it's a semi-serious date they will wait
Don't get weird. Don't get weird. You can't tell them. It's a semi-charmed kind of date. That's a different thing 15 love
I love you. What what they lift up this head. You see me pick up a heavy thing. I do
Let's see that big guy over there. I'm gonna pick him up
I'll pick up this bench
That's all I don't want to read any more of this but it is helpful
I think if you want to if you do want to live this life, you know, don't hurt anyone
That's beautiful. Thank you. If you want to live this bro life and you want to be like
You know
pinnacle
Pinnacle human Ryan Lochte then this is your chance to do that
If you want to kick it in a room with Dane Cook Jim Belushi and Joe Rogan, and what are they talking about?
They're talking about
woke culture
Probably. Yeah, I mean, let's be honest
Fucking it's it's Jim Belushi. Here's what the conversation is. Jim Belushi is like, hey guys have I been canceled?
I feel like I should have been by now. It's I've got that vibe. But like I don't know if I actually have been or not
help
Which okay wait, hold on so I just want to talk about Joe Rogan Jim Belushi and Jane cook for a second
Who do you think no? No, I have to know who is the connecting person mayor, right?
Who was a friend that they all know right? You can't tell me they all know each other equally, right?
Is it Dane Cook and her friend Dane Cook is friends with both of them or is it Joe Rogan?
That's friends with both of it's got to be that right. They were all actually, you know, it was they were all in that
12 angry men remake. Oh, right, right, right. Well angry, bro. It's 12 furious bros. Yeah
Yeah, God Jim Belushi was so fucking funny in that movie
Do you remember we stabbed that is like there's no chance anyone else would have that knife and then you stab the knife down
But it you you know, it went in into Dane Cook's hand and he was like, oh shit
Fucking challenging challenging stuff. You know what? I think it's the most challenging
Comedy when you say the same shit people have been saying for the last 20 years fucking challenging
It's hard when you do that because it's like you have to say it and like it you have to say it in like a silly
voice
Right hard to cut it's really hard to come up with those and also we should be careful about
Criticizing people for making the same jokes over and over again
We've been doing this show for about 50 years. Yeah, but we make the same stupid
Let's go to making mean Joe or we try to now the only people are mean to is
Old straight. Well, every joke has a victim Travis. Yeah, I guess that's true
You know now that you say it Griffin, I think it's time to go to the money zone. Yeah
Griffin you got any big summer plans? You gonna travel to like Italy or France?
Yeah, I was thinking about doing a sort of Italy France
Germany
Spain those the whole circuit just getting the big four the big four as we call them. Well, it's probably a little too late now
But you should start working on babble to learn all four of those languages in time for your summer trip
Oh, I know all of the languages to the countries you do. Did you use babble to do it? I did
Yeah, I learned Italian and I learned all of them. Yeah
Yeah, well, it actually makes a lot of sense because it only takes ten minutes to complete a lesson
So you're gonna start having real-life conversations in a new language in as little as three weeks
Hmm now other language learning apps use AI for their lessons plan and their love is real
But they are not but babble lessons were created by over a hundred and fifty language experts
All in one room. It was tower of babble up in and that's how they got the name
Yeah, and they want to let out till they solved it with babble
You can choose from 14 different languages including Spanish French Italian and German right now save up to 60% off your subscription
When you go to babble.com slash my brother, that's B A B B E L dot-com slash my brother for up to 60% off your subscription
Babble language for life. Let's give them something to click about
That's the new song Squarespace commissioned from us for
$500,000 and yeah, that's what we have so far and at first they offered
$500 and we said take that
As a joke, we were like what about what about half a million and they were like, yes
I mean like okay shit Squarespace
Yeah
But they they I mean if they have that kind of money to throw around then you know that they are like the name in
Making a website for your brand or business or whatever
You can make a beautiful website so easy engage with your audience sell anything you want your products
content you create
Cupcake that looks like Alf your paintings of your neighbors paintings of your neighbors
Shirts
Add online booking and scheduling to your Squarespace website clients can easily see your availability or reschedule if needed
Taking the hassle out of coordinating calendars
You could also put a calendar up there that says you have no availability just to flex on all of the haters
You can sell your products on an online store or yourself physical or digital products
They got the tools you need to start selling online and you could also make videos
Pro-level videos with the Squarespace video studio app
It's so easy and it's if you do anything else to make a video you're a numbnuts
Will you please check out squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial with for a free trial?
For a free child check out squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial and when you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother
To save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain
I
Love them here with breaking news on a revolutionary form of entertainment professional wrestling
For more we go to our correspondent Danielle Radford
Professional wrestling is the craze that's sweeping the nation featuring fisticuffs
Colorful costumes, but who can help us make sense of this world of body slams
Lindsay kelk has the answer sources tellers of an amazing podcast called tights and fights filled with discussions of the absurdity of
Professional wrestling plus all the sincerity and hilarity that you could shake a stick at
Listen to the tights and fights podcast every week find it on maximum fun or wherever you get your podcast and your old-timey radio
You
Hey there, I'm Ellen Weatherford and I'm Christian Weatherford and we've got big feelings about animals that we just got to share
On just the zoo of us your new favorite animal review podcast
We're here to critically evaluate how each animal excels and how it doesn't
Rating them out of ten on their effectiveness ingenuity and aesthetics
Guest experts give you their takes informed by actual real-life experiences studying and working with very cool animals
Like sharks cheetahs and sea turtles. It's a field trip to the zoo for your ears
So if you or your kids have ever wondered if a pigeon can count
Why sloths move so slow or how a spider sees the world?
Find out with us every Wednesday on just the zoo of us in its natural habitat on maximum fun org
Listen and subscribe wherever you get your podcasts
Hey, mr. Question man question a question. Yeah, I'd love to ask you a question Travis. That's not what I said
Fuck you make this so hard. It doesn't have to be this hard. I said question me a question
Whip them up a question right now. You make this so hard loving me
I
Like the show general where we at are you the victim wait the whole time is Justin
That actually makes perfect sense. Hey brothers, so I met this
girl
That I think is pretty cool. All right, and well, yeah
Yeah, bro, yeah, yeah pretty cool, huh, but yeah, I get it what's her sense of humor like me she's rich
Yeah, we're talking to her one day. You heard me when I showed her this cute frog picture. I saw from instagram
Now I love frogs like every other guy
But now what that's the weirdest sexism I've ever heard in my entire life
Like every other guy like every dude I love frogs now whenever I talk to her she only ever sends posts of frogs
I'm not like super obsessed with frogs
So how'd I get out of this frog purgatory so I can move on from this frog talk?
Thanks brothers, and that's from frog friend frenzy
Uh, you can start throwing some toads in there
Oh, yeah, and then oh and then like a salamander. Yeah, walk it out to other sort of amphibians
It's a salamander amphibian
Uh, I think uh, wait, what's the one that has like a philly neck from he's a straight up phibian. Yeah
Yeah, yeah axolotl. I think is another one that's amphib. Yeah, that's a that's a fibby. They love water
Juice you got any fun frog?
I don't know. You don't have any frog facts, but I do want to say
The problem is you got to open up a bit. Yeah, this is the only thing this person knows about there
It is it's your frog thing. You got to let him know some other things about you that you care more about
It seems like she's invested in you in one way or another
Right, she likes talking to you. She was like this person likes frogs. I'm going to show them frogs
Everybody's got like everybody's had that experience if you have a new
uh a new relationship you're trying to foment and
you're you're the fertilizer that you've chosen for it is like
The one you just find one little bit of common ground, you know, this is actually that's oh you you have also seen
like
You know
All of oz and you're like that you I have to make that my entire life right now for the rest of this
Conversation like all I care about is oz or else i'm not getting out of this conversation alive
Like that kind of vibe and you've just done that with frog
It's so fun the way that you see human interactions. Justin. It's so great. Really. How do you mean trap go on?
The idea of getting out of a conversation alive. It's just it's wonderful
Have you ever died juice you ever died from a conversation?
No, because i'm a fucking professional
Because he's constantly got his head on a swivel exactly because I because I keep my shit
I keep my fucking powder dry and my shit tight
He's got one finger over the eject button at all times
I don't go into a conversation without an x-file plan, right? Like of course, it's fine
I had a coverage we had there was a very nice gentleman that we met at the casino as we were or
Sorry, I guess it's a resort, you know after the show we have
there's a guy who's like
The the weirdest thing about the show is that it's in a self-contained location. So there's signs of us
Like pictures of us big ones while you're eating lunch or like going to the store
Or up there using that they put up one of me in the bathroom their posters like our posters
And this fella behind us in line to get coffee is like hey
You guys are the brothers
And we're like, yeah, that's us. He's like I didn't go to this show, but I thought about it. I was like, okay
What kind of show is it? We're like, that's kind of a bad advice show
And he was like, oh, okay, and and then like three minutes pass
and he came back to us and he was like
I'm, sorry. Can you just give me an example of the kind of question?
Yeah, oh my heart is racing right now, I know right
travis
stepped in
And travis does not have my sort of like hang up so he's able to just actually talk to people
But he that he goes in a little hot sometimes and he said well like last night we had one
where a
Person's partner was drinking too much milk. Uh-huh
and he's like
Okay
Oh see justin
Let me tell you what I was thinking in that moment when that was my answer
This person wants an excuse to not listen to our show
right, like
We are all all of us looking for excuses to not listen to a podcast
Right the name of the show is literally plastered all over the place, right? Yeah
So he wanted to be like do I care enough about it?
So I was like i'm gonna give you the lowest bar I can think of
We had a question about milk and if you're like, I know okay
That was all I needed to to bump me off of it. You're welcome
Also, I was very sleepy and I didn't want to talk anymore
So I thought someone asked us about milk was a good like we can all agree. Well, that's well, that sounds terrible
Yeah, yeah
Oh
Okay
I want to
Bunch bunch I want too much much much bunch much much much
Squad squad. Oh, thanks guys
Justin you can't take what you're going with you on that
That's my beach boys because it's the summer time and we got a lot of summer menu offerings
No, like slam dunk huge announcements, but I do just want to tell you guys what's going on out there, please
This isn't funny
But dunkin is bringing back the stuffed everything bagel minis. Oh, I do love those. Yeah, I fucking love those. They're good
That's just a psa good. Okay. We also got brown sugar cream cold brew. It's good. Hey, justin
When like are there just episodes of munch squad where you're actually and you can tell me because i'm your brother
Are you being paid by dunkin?
Justin you've been paid by dunkin. I'm just saying it's good. I'm letting you know it's good
Uh-huh, but justin justin real quick check in did they send you like a t-shirt or
I want to talk about bk real quick. I'm pivoting
Bk, this is beginning june 27th. So this should time out actually pretty good. This is hot hot news for you the listener
They got uh some new offerings for the summer
There's kind they they got uh the
You're ready for this. Yeah. Yeah, man
the southwest
bacon
Whopper jr
It features a flame grilled beef patty with avocado spread crispy bacon seasoned tortilla strips
American cheese lettuce sliced white onions juicy tomatoes and creamy spicy sauce on a toasted sesame seed bun now that sounds like
Oh good offering. Yeah, that's like a
Those flavors seem on trend, you know as much as on trend. Well, yeah adding southwest stuff to food
Look really hot right fucking love that if you live in like new mexico and they're like it's a southwest burger
Do you think new mexico's like?
Again, give me like a northeast burger
Um, I want a burger with oysters on it
Uh now here's the one that's a little bit weirder
The impossible southwest bacon burger
That features an impossible flame grilled impossible patty made from plants
with avocado spread seasoned tortilla strips american cheese
Crispy bacon, huh? Hey guys
Huh a weird kid clip hey guys
Huh? Hey, you guys don't hey guys, you know what that's for right? You know what the bacon is, right?
You know, it's from bacon. What do you mean? Oh, no. No, we did a good job. It's bacon. It's just
It tastes so good
And it's not like beef
No, you're right there. It's not beef, but
You can all see
Oh, man, yeah, so they're I just thought that was amazing that they're like, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we got it
You know what? They call it that's for people who are looking for flexitarian options. Oh, okay. So that's not a divorce
Yeah, people just want to eat whatever kind of hoes in
Their field of view
So that's a summer offering. They got a bacon
a vegetarian
bacon
Or bk, so everybody's just trying stuff speaking just trying stuff white castle
Is welcoming the summer?
with chicken rings
Chicken, sorry, just you misspoke
So chicken rings
The crispy uniquely shaped chicken rings are made with all white meat chicken
And they're sure to leave cravers satisfied
While not taking a big bite out of their wallets if you find yourself craving chicken rings
You should seek help and don't bite your wallet
No
Here's jamie. I mean unless unless you're like setting a bone
In like a wilderness scenario and you need to bite down on something
Bite down on something
Then like you've dislocated a shoulder while running away from like the predator
Bite down on your wallet so you don't like swallow your tongue. I could see that
Jamie richardson vice president white castle seems to have conflated the restaurant with some sort of eldritch text
Let's check in with jamie
A hot and tasty meal at an appetizing price is how we feed the souls of craver generations everywhere
Christ craver generations the craver generation the souls of craver generations
The chicken rings are delicious
And fun to eat
And will help cravers. Enjoy a hot summer treat while not breaking the bank. Can you imagine a world?
Where they made chicken rings, but they were expensive
Hey, it's me jamie from white castle
Um, so these chicken rings each ring individual ring does cost 20
But the reason is we realized it was easier to simply genetically modified chickens to grow in kind of a slinky shape tubular
And that science cost a lot guys, um
And you know and nowhere do we stop to think if we should
Um, and that one's on us, uh, but you're gonna love these hollow chicken flavor. It's fun
One white castle is going all this is still jamie
Who's like they were out of the office and jamie's like wait, I thought of something else to say come back
White white castle is going all out this summer to deliver quality meals at a great price point
the pairing of three favorites
chicken rings
bacon and hidden valley original ranch
Yeah, yeah dude is a tasty treat that will satisfy cravings throughout the season. That's right
They're putting the chicken rings on tiny sandwiches. Yeah, dude, because they're white castle and they fuck
I was gonna say they don't fuck around but they only fuck around here at white castle
We believe that fast food can't exist without a victim. So welcome
The drama fast food is to offend
Fast food cannot exist without a victim. Hey get there and get these offerings you've earned it and hey speaking of other things you've earned
You've run this show you're listening to it by trading us the time for it
And we thank you so much for that for for being here and and enjoying the show with us and having some fun and laughs
And never punching up or down just punching wildly around sometimes we don't even punch
Sometimes we're just feeling uh, like that little boy from secret garden
They're like laying in the bed all the time and we're like papa bring me some tea. I don't feel like punching today. That's a sweet
Sweet thought I do think if we tried pretty hard we could like enumerate a list of people
We did punch at today beginning with bean himself
Uh, but also I believe some things were said about dane cook's character that he would not enjoy so much
Um, who else who else really got who else did we really fucking razz this time?
Uh, we we gave that nice boy rick your face a hard time. Thank you to montane for the use of our theme song
My life is better with you, uh great times great oldies. It's a new it is a new song
And thanks to maximum fun for having us on the network go to maximum phone org
You goof check out all the great shows they have on there dial pre-orders
Pre-orders pre-orders are open for the taz 11th hour. Uh, uh graphic novel you can go, uh to the adventure zone comic
Dot com to pre-order now that comes out february 21st
And like we mentioned earlier we got stops coming up for the 20 rendezvous fancy takes flight tour
You can get all those tickets at bit.ly slash mcroy tours
Uh, our next stops are salt lake city portland then san diego
Uh, and then the next tour after that is washington dc detroit and cincinnati mask and proof of full vaccination
Or negative covid test within 72 hour of event start is required get those tickets a bit.ly slash mcroy tours
Uh, you've only got a few days left to grab, uh, you know the merch
I mean it will still be there the merch at the merch store
But you only have a few days left for 10 of all merch proceeds to go to fairness wv
Which is a state-wide civil rights advocacy organization
Dedicated to fair treatment and civil rights for lesbian gay bisexual and transgender west virginians all of that at mcroy merch.com
Hey quick programming note you talked about on wonderful this week
But rachel and I are going to be moving at the end of july to washington dc our yeah
Yeah, we're moving on up to dc. Uh, but I just bought a house in austin
Uh, well good news for you. You can sell it for a billion dollars
Yeah
Yeah, we I only mention that because we're probably going to be running a couple of live shows in a row toward the end of
july to sort of cover us as we
relocate cross country, but uh, yeah, just quick programming note for you
And now you're in now you're uh, now you're a part of it
the fan the moment
The movement the griffin mcroy arg. Yeah
Uh griff, I would love to hear your uh, I did
I started this episode doing rowan atkinson by about for about 15 minutes. So can I get can I get a pat?
Can I get you want to give me one? I'll do one. Yeah trap. Can you do?
uh
You dang dachshepard is stung by a bunch by a bunch of bees. Yeah dachshepard in manors of bee. Okay
Oh, man, I hate this bee. Oh god. Oh my eyeball. Oh god. Everything's flashing before me
It was a mistake. Okay. Give me a different give me a different. No, I got it for you, bud
My name is justin mcroy. I'm travis mcroy. I'm griffin mcroy. This has been my brother my brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
With you
Oh, it's better with you maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned audience supported
