The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-ist brother, Travis McElroy. Well, I guess that makes me your sweet baby
brother. We were supposed to talk about Eurovision this morning, and then I realized I didn't have
anything funny to say about it, except Sweden was robbed by Portugal. It was an actual robbery
perpetrated on the world stage. Yeah, the Swedish song about premature ejaculation is amazing,
and should have won. It was called I Can't Go On. I don't think they were talking about
that nut. He's talking about that it makes him want to take off all his clothes,
and that the person he's singing to is so beautiful that he can't go on,
and he's got to keep it together. I'm saying Eurovision has a vetting process
to make sure that nut songs don't get through. Griffin, I'm sorry. This is not a joke I am
making. The Sweden song is about premature ejaculation and trying to hold back.
You guys are talking about that, and it reminded me of a much more important fact is that I watched
Fifty Shades of Grey last night. Talking about that nut, though.
Sydney and I had a good post-Eurovision drunk going, and we decided to keep up the fun.
To catch the zeitgeist. Fifty Shades of Grey,
The Orig, because two, Fifty Shades Darker, just came out on iTunes, but we didn't watch that one.
We watched Fifty Shades of Grey. Hey, everybody, that shit is buck wild.
How did we let that happen? Is that where things got away from us? I worry.
Here's the most important fact about Fifty Shades. When I brought it up to Sydney,
because it is ludicrous, she said, oh, well, that's from the book. So here's what it is.
He has a room called the playroom, right? Christian Grey.
Well, it sounds fun. And that's where he keeps Cherry and Flory
and Clocky. And Harnessy and Buttpluggy.
She says, is that where you keep your Xbox? Hey, will you play me a cartoon?
All right, Buttpluggy. You're the boss.
Is that where you keep your Xbox? And he says, no, but I thought it'd be rad if he was like,
well, yes, but also sexy. Yeah, but I don't have a lot of space.
I don't have many of the newest games. I have Madden 11.
When he goes in there and he says to her, you're going to be my sex person.
And you're my submissive and you're my sex person. She has to like get on the ground on all fours
with like a blindfold or something. And Flory's like, what's up?
She's all naked. And that's like, and you just wait for me.
And then when he comes in, this man is wearing sex jeans.
And what I'm saying to you is that he has discrete jeans for sex that are ripped.
So he's not wearing the sex jeans at the beginning of the scene.
He leaves the room and comes back in wearing sex jeans that he does not remove.
He just wears the sex jeans the entire time he is in the playroom
with Buttpluggy and the Xbox and everything.
Actually, I just saw a Skype notification that you've sent me a link.
And I think this might be one that I don't want to.
No, I wouldn't have to click on it.
Yeah, it's just, if you get a visual of him, it's just like,
it looks like Incredible Hulk post transformation with like torn sex jeans.
That this gentleman wears all the time.
A quick diversion to express.
And now I'm gonna fall into the gap if you know what I'm saying.
Yeah, if there's a, if you, he never takes the sex jeans off.
He just wears the sex jeans all the time.
Is he a never nude?
Apparently he's a never nude is what he's talking about.
God, that would be such a fucking twist.
If in Shades of Grey he's like, but I'm, I just want you to know,
I want to do all kinds of sex stuff with you.
I'm not comfortable being naked though.
And I will have to turn the lights off.
I just want to rub my wormy up against this carpenter cut denim is my whole thing.
These sweet jinkos.
Sign this, sign this contract.
I'm going to wait.
And then the line A, A1A sort of the first,
the preamble is basically about how these jeans never coming off.
These jeans are mine and I need them.
And the sex contract is written out on my jeans.
You get prescription jeans and I need these for everything.
It's pretty good.
It's pretty great.
All of the movie is excellent.
Can I ask you a question?
Anything.
Ask me anything.
AMA.
I watched all of Fifty Shades of Grey drug.
AMA.
Did it.
How horny did you get?
Yeah.
Did I mention the jeans?
No, you did mention the jeans,
but you don't have to be childish about it.
It's an adult movie for adults.
And obviously I'm, we're all over 30 now.
And so we can talk about stuff like your chubs, like your chubby.
We hear every, we hear it.
My brother, my brother and me, we are sex positive.
We have many listeners who are in, you know,
the SM S and M, uh, Dom, you know, sub scene.
That's totally cool, Justin.
So however many boners you got,
Chubs.
Did it get no kink shaming?
There's gene shaming happening here.
What I'm saying is I'm sex positive and Christian Grey is,
is nudity negative.
Guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys.
Can't go jeans.
All right.
Very good.
K and KO.
You gotta get them.
You gotta get them.
You can keep a fucking Game Boy Advance SP in there.
And also six plugs for a butt in there to have fun with.
Not your butt though.
Your jeans staying on.
The jeans are staying on.
But you can keep a full bag of jerky in those jeans.
Justin, were there openings?
You said the jeans were ripped.
Were there openings in the jeans that allowed him to engage?
Or was this like, oh, I was going to buy, uh,
like a extreme restraints, uh, cage for my penis,
but I forgot to order it in time and it won't be here till Thursday.
So I'm going to do the next best thing and put them in a denim prison.
No, no, he scooches them down below his penis.
Like he's peeing in the trough at a minor league baseball game.
Like he, he just, he just scooches them down to do it.
To do the thing, to do the darn thing.
A lot of avoiding the subject of the sort of chubby inquisition.
There's no arousal.
It's negative arousal.
Everyone in the movie is very attractive, right?
The jeans kill every bit of eroticism.
Because like, all I can feel for Puerto Cota Johnson is, um, uh, uh,
you know, the, the, she, she has to be with a man in jeans.
Always.
Yeah, Justin, hold on.
Oh, Justin.
Now you've made me wonder.
I assume there's more than one sex scene in Fifty Shades of Grey.
Did the jeans reappear every time?
Is he like, wait, if we're going to do it, I'll be right back.
It's not a single scene, Travis.
What I'm saying to you is there's a couple scenes in this playroom area
where the, like, the, the supposedly taboo things happen.
And, um, it, it, he's always in the jeans.
And every, every time he's in the jeans.
Maybe you saw a, were you watching this on the stars at 7 PM
and maybe these jeans were CGI'd in so that like they could,
they could show it on stars or-
Did he stub his toe and, and yell, oh, we's a lover!
Cause that's a pretty good-
A bit where he comes around a corner weird
and he kind of jukes real fast
and the jeans take like a half second to catch up with his pubis.
Was there much jeans lag on the stars channel you were watching this on?
They were not animated cartoon jeans.
Um, there is a, she reveals to him,
but before he gets into his, his dark proclivities,
he reveals, she reveals to him that she's a virgin.
And his reaction to that is to scoop her up
and she says, what are you doing?
And he says, I quote, I'm rectifying the situation.
Yay-o!
So when you talk about, when you talk about how many chubbies,
that's why it's negative.
Ding-dong, shoot, man, fuck.
It's rough.
Also in pro- like she's supposed to be,
uh, you know, completely, uh, um, uh, ignorant of this world, right?
Yeah.
He buys her a computer and she, he says,
I hope you use this to do some research.
Okay.
And she texts him and says, what should I search?
He says, try submissive.
And it's like, okay, I know she's ignorant of S&M,
but she's ignorant of like Google?
Like, is he going to give her like a Boolean walkthrough right now
of like how to get information about S&M?
It seems unlikely.
Justin, having-
She also, wait, I need to finish this.
I need to finish this one point before I move on.
They take her ignorance of the S&M lifestyle to its absolute extreme
because when they're going through the sex contract
and she's eliminating genital clamps from the contract
as something that like is good for her, she asks him,
this is a direct quote, what's a butt plug?
And I wanted to sit down with her at that point
and just walk into the movie Purple Rose of Cairo style
and be like, hey Dakota, hey Dakota,
what do you think a butt plug could be?
Also, this is what, 2015?
You have not contextually picked up in the world
the concept of butt, like I don't care.
I'm not butt plug experienced.
Travis, you can go into fucking caveman times
and if it's called a butt plug,
probably we are going to figure it out.
It's a special type of cup that you use for tea.
No, it's a silly little guy and it gets in there
and it holds it all up or in or what.
I'm not sure what the function is
but I bet it feels fucking great.
Damn, now I'm all rock hard talking about all this junk.
I'm kind of in disbelief of how long we've been talking
about Fifty Shades of Grey in May 14th, 2017 AD,
the year of our Lord Christ Jesus.
I just, I feel bad for, I feel very bad for people
who, for whom SM is a fetish for them
because if this is the world's touchstone for your thing.
It's not good.
That's not, it's probably, we probably should,
yeah, it is a negative, I think, in terms of awareness.
It's probably how I feel every time I go to a Superman movie
and I'm like, yeah, this time they'll get it right.
And I always walk out like, no, I'm not into Superman.
I don't know why I was here, I'm embarrassed.
It's as if somebody went and saw Space Jam
and then went to a basketball game
and then was disappointed that nobody was stretching
their arms across half of the court to dunk it
while a bunch of big colorful monsters hurt the Bugs Bunny.
Okay, here's a quick, I have not read this
but here's a headline from Cosmopolitan.
In case you wanted to know what Christian Grey
really calls his sex genes.
Well, what's he call, don't fucking tell me now.
Are you guys ready?
Yes.
This is from the book.
In my closet, I strip off all my clothes
and from a drawer pull out my favorite jeans.
My DJs.
Dom jeans.
Happy Mother's Day, everybody.
Go out, get to fucking J.Crew, get to Express
and go pick up a new pair of Dom jeans.
You're gonna love these things.
Is it possible, is it possible?
Is it just possible that we're having this conversation
and we're gonna get like 5,000 emails that are like,
yeah, Dom jeans.
Yeah, I don't care.
I don't, I'll take, I will take that
because you know what?
Just because it's a part of S&M culture,
if it is, I can't be, if it is,
the cultures can grow and evolve by definition.
I, an outsider will help you pass this S&M culture.
You cannot have Dom jeans.
One, it sounds like mom jeans.
It sounds exactly like mom jeans.
Exactly like mom jeans, Dom jeans.
I slip them on and fasten all the buttons
except the top one.
From the same drawer, I retrieve the new riding crop
and a gray waffle robe.
As I leave, I grab a few condoms
and stuff them into my pocket.
Here goes, showtime, Gray.
Cowboy hat, cowboy hat, yes or no?
Can't decide in the end, decide next time.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Is it possible that he needs the jeans
to put condoms in?
Like he doesn't, he doesn't want to walk in the room
with a handful of condoms
because apparently he needs a few.
He needs several, yeah, he's extremely safe.
He just has it, what's in here?
Oh, my condoms and some bazooka Joe and some chapstick.
And 83 cents.
Yeah, I'm looking, I just found the page
you were on, Justin, in this book.
I got the e-book on my Kindle now.
I'm looking through it and let me just catch up
to call my Dom jeans, put condoms in the pockets.
I don't call them my Dom jeans
because I'm a dominant in the sexual Congress.
I actually call them that because I got them
from my friend, late great actor
and television producer, Dom Deluise.
That's funny that Dom Deluise would get him sex,
like pants for sex in it.
We've now spent a quarter of this episode
talking about 50 Shades of Gray
and if we do any more, I think that,
I think I might just like call this one like episode
like 152 or something, drop it in sort of in media res.
And so it will be like more sort of chronologically appropriate.
Have you guys seen this dress?
Is it blue and black or white and gold?
I'm so super confused.
Okay, so anyway, we'll do a question now
because apparently I'm not allowed to talk about
50 Shades of Gray anymore.
Is there never a moment when he comes out in the jeans,
there has to be at least one,
he's probably had multiple partners,
at least one partner probably to be like,
oh yeah, Christian, what's the,
what's with the jeans?
What's the deal with the jeans?
What he does is he takes a woman
and they sign the contract
and then they live in his house in a special room for this.
And she asked him like,
how many women have you had like this?
And he says 15, which seems high,
but maybe they're not getting scared off
by like the whips and stuff.
Maybe it's just like, I can't with the jeans.
I have to go.
Is there a line in the contracts that says like,
I will not ask about the jeans.
Promise not to mention the jeans out loud.
The fact that it passes without comment, by the way,
is the most ludicrous thing in the entire film.
She comments about everything.
She doesn't know what butt plugs are.
He walks in with jeans and she's just like, uh-huh.
That seems right.
Hey, showtime.
Uh, J-Man, one more, one more, one more question.
Oh my god.
This has always eaten me up
and now Justin could possibly answer this for me.
Is the idea of 50 Shades of Anything referenced in the book?
What is the title based on?
Travis, at one point he says, you can't love me.
And she says, why?
And he says, he stares into a window very dramatically
and says, because I'm 50 shades of fucked up.
And that is where the title of the book comes from.
But the name of the book isn't 50 Shades of Fucked Up,
which would be a way better title.
That would be because you could feel when,
apparently the book is, I have not read the book.
Apparently the writing leaves something to be desired.
But you can feel with your entire being
when they have lifted a line directly from the book
because it sounds like that it is written.
Like the line, the first there,
I think it's the masquerade scene
when they sort of go away from the party
and find a little bedroom.
And he says, I'm gonna rump me a good one.
And she laughs.
That's page 169, which is funny, which is also kind of funny.
The weirdest part about the movie is
he only calls it porking.
So every time it's like, why are you so dark and disturbed?
Because I like to spank while I pork.
And it's like weird.
That's a weird way of putting it.
So here's an actual question.
I'm sorry about all the 50 Shades talk.
But if you want me to watch 50 Shades 2 and talk about it.
Nope.
We're gonna have to do some kind of go fund me
to make that happen.
Maybe donate some money to charity
in order to make Justin watch 50 Shades.
Or maybe to make him not watch 50 Shades 2
so we never have to talk about it again.
I thought it was weird how in the movie
every time he achieves climax, he yells toasty.
Like the guy from Mortal Kombat.
There's like a lot of like, it pulls from,
it's kind of like Scott Pilgrim.
Like he just pulls from all these different,
like there's so many like references to old video games.
It was originally Michael Cero,
which is why they wrote the jeans in.
Cause that was a request.
Okay.
I've been trying to clear out the back of my closet
and I ran into an issue trying to deal with,
well, I have these five very large posters of Orlando Bloom.
One Pirates of the Caribbean,
two Lord of the Rings and two Elizabeth Towns.
Two fucking 24 by 68,
like rip these off the side of a fucking theater
Elizabeth Town promos.
I've had a crush on Orlando Bloom since I was a teenager.
Many years ago, I had a dedicated wall of Orlando posters
and when I moved into my own apartment,
they all came with me,
but only two went up on the wall.
Tasteful restraint.
I know I can't make space for the rest,
but I feel terrible about throwing them out.
Should I ask my friends if they want them?
They don't.
Or sell them?
Good luck.
And that's from Closet Cleaning Canadian.
Man, that's a humdinger.
Thank you so much for bringing this to our attention.
You've chosen wisely.
You can't throw them out.
His spirit is in them.
His spirit, a little bit of it.
Like he'll know.
I feel like every time,
and it doesn't happen often,
but anytime folks throw away the I'm a Bim Bam poster,
especially if we've signed it,
we've put a piece of our essence in them.
And so when you throw them away,
it's like I trip and fall over
and I'm like, oh man, it happened, didn't it?
I'd love to do, I'd love to be there when Con Marie
digs into this apartment like,
I want you to touch each of these objects
and tell me if they spark joy.
And if not, we'll throw them away.
Let me check.
Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep.
They all spark joy.
What else you got?
Okay, if you have one, you're an Orlando Bloom fan.
Fun.
If you have three, it's a shrine.
Like it becomes a shrine to Orlando Bloom
and that has some powerful symbology.
I'm not sure you wanna necessarily hit your wagon.
Well, you leave him offerings
of some of Bloom's favorite stuff, bows and arrows.
Yeah, I'm sure he got really into that.
Pictures of his friends from Lord of the Rings,
like the actors, I think they're all still really good buds.
He likes those.
What you do is when you have friends come over,
you say, if we're gonna be friends,
you need to know something about me.
Welcome to my play, Bloom.
And then you open the door
and it's just coded in your posters.
This is something you need to know about me.
50 posters of Orlando Bloom.
Your friends are confused and you're like,
what do your Elven eyes see?
Come on, say it.
You know the truth.
These are my genes.
You know what people are really into these days, fellas?
Very specific museums.
Okay.
Somebody will like rent a storefront
and like, this is my I Love Lucy museum now
or this is like my Bazooka Joe gum museum
or this is my Space Jam museum.
Maybe you want to open up an Orlando Bloom museum
because if you could start making money off of it,
you can turn around to everybody who ever gave you shit
about having five full-sized Orlando Bloom posters
and the Big Head posters
or a full-sized Orlando Bloom on your wall
because now you're making money off Orlando Bloom,
just like everyone else in Orlando Bloom's life.
Okay.
They're all taking advantage.
I'm glad we've gotten to this.
We're all taking advantage of Orlando Bloom all the time.
If this person is willing, please get in contact with us
because I will literally set you up
and pay for a post office box
where everybody with spare Orlando Bloom stuff
can mail it to you
and we can really trick this shit out.
Like really get it going
and make a room in your house
that is a, you probably get a different tax classification
for this one room that is the Orlando Bloom museum
or the Bloom museum.
Or church.
Church, hey.
We've all reached a dark and tough time in our lives
where we did a little prayer to Orlando Bloom
just to see if he could do anything to help out.
Troy is in Troy.
Yeah, got it.
Got a fourth one.
Hey, do you guys want to know who?
Yep.
Now I'm just psyching about Troy.
Eric Bana?
Fuck yeah, dude.
Here's a Yahoo.
Brad Pitt?
Was he?
Yeah, he plays the Achilles.
He's one of the Troy boys.
I have a good one.
That's what they call them.
I have a good one here, but it's not loading.
I'm wondering if my cookies are fucked up.
There we go.
This one was sent in by Zoe Kinski, riding high.
Yes, thank you Zoe Kinski.
It's from Yahoo Answers user anonymous.
It's actually from Jorlando Doom.
Jorlando Doom sent this one, asked this.
Jorlando Doom asks,
oh, the page crashed.
What does that even mean?
How does a page crash?
It's the internet.
I didn't download it.
Yahoo is closing down around you, Griffin.
You have to get out.
You're joking, but that is going to happen one day
and y'all never see me again.
Jorlando Doom asks,
God, fuck this website.
Seriously.
Okay.
Jorlando Doom asks,
why does the New Year's ball drop instead of go up?
This question really fucked me up when I saw it.
Why does the New Year's ball drop instead of go up?
And then there's the only other text here is update.
Tradition, yes.
Dropping balls, good answer.
Update two, about the gravity response.
No shit, Sherlock.
So I'm not going to go too deep into the other answers
that people gave,
but I think somebody just said like,
oh, a ball can't go up.
Ball go down because of the Earth pull.
Do you mean gravity?
So the obvious answer here is that
they couldn't get it down.
Like if you raised it and that was like the thing,
that's cool, except now that ball is just up there now.
So you can't bring it down, you know?
You can't get it because you raised it.
It's not like a flag where if the ball touches the ground,
the year stops or whatever.
Yes, but the symbolism of like the year is here,
time to raise the ball.
At some point, you're going to have the reverse symbolism of,
well, bring it back down, I guess.
But that's how we do it.
That's how we do it now.
It's like, count it down.
Three, two, one.
Let's lower this year into the toilet,
which is like where it belongs.
I want to triumphant.
I want to count up.
This year, I want to see the ball go up
and I want it to be one, two, three, four, five, six,
seven, eight, nine, ten.
And the ball's at the top and everyone's like,
fuck yeah, look at that thing up there.
Everybody can see it better now because it's higher.
Go with me.
I think a third option.
Third option, we build two mechanical hands
and we make it like a tether ball
and they bat the ball around
and when it's all fully wrapped around the pole,
happy new year.
But it is a billions of Wawrowski's crystals.
And those will not hold up to-
We'll make the hands crystal too, Griffin.
I don't know what you want from me, all right?
You can't make an omelet without breaking a few crystals.
I want to shower Times Square
and razor sharp Swarovski crystals
to take it from the year ball.
Listen, thin that crowd a little bit.
It couldn't hurt, Griffin.
There's too many people there.
Not enough bathrooms.
They're not allowed to drink.
There's no food there.
I've often thought that standing in Times Square
for new year's must be the absolute pits.
Full blown.
I think the crystal hand should be controlled
by Ryan Seacrest with a virtual reality helmet.
Oh, yes.
That would be very futuristic.
That'd be very today.
You would never see that on Dick Clark's show.
That's how Ryan makes it his own.
Where's that year ball right now, though?
What do you think?
It's sitting there.
It's just sitting somewhere, huh?
No, I'm saying like I think it's still on top of that building.
Oh, shit.
I mean, first of all,
a heist opportunity of the century.
I'm saying if you have the year ball, you got the power.
And so we steal the year ball,
and it's up to us how this one goes.
Maybe that's what the good year blimp is all about.
It's a band of blimp based thieves trying to get the year ball
so that they can just improve it.
What if we just take this whole shit, right?
We turn it on its ear.
And what we do is the ball,
it raises up, right, at the beginning of the year,
and then we continuously lower it when bad shit happens.
And when it hits the bottom, it's time for a new year,
no matter what fucking day it is, month it is, whatever.
Like, well, we've used up all the goodness of the year,
so time to reset.
And then that's right there.
That's new year, June 7th, whatever.
Fucking new year, we're done.
It's 2018 now.
June 7th is such a fucking wildly inaccurate,
like, you don't realize, Trav,
if we started doing this last year,
it would currently be like January 3rd, 3041,
and then tomorrow would be January 1st, 3042.
It would just be like, history teachers would be like,
so there's this weird span of like 650 years
that really took place over the course of like, well, four.
And it got pretty buckwild there for a second.
But anyway, yeah, that's when everybody was like 750 years old.
You remember?
It was really fun.
It was like a fun way to do it.
We were talking about Ryan Seacrest a little bit.
Yes.
I wanted to share a quick vignette.
First, congratulations to Ryan.
He's the new co-host with Kelly Ripa.
So it's-
Oh, permanently?
Yeah, he's like the new-
Yeah, he's the new guy.
And they had to keep mum about it for a long time.
And she had this joke where she said, in my house,
we call it keeping a Seacrest,
because they had to not tell anybody about it.
And I just wanted to pass that on to everybody
in case in your day-to-day life for, well, for the rest of it.
If you want to call secrets Seacrests,
I would very much approve of that.
And it's something I'm going to try to implement.
And I just wanted to share that with everybody
that they're called Seacrests now.
It's going to be tough to implement, but I'm going to do-
I mean, you know me.
It doesn't trip off the tongue.
If you guys want to try it, it doesn't-
It stumbles off the tongue, but Kelly leads and I follow.
Kelly says, jump.
I say, how high, Kelly Ripa?
And she tells me how high to jump.
Here's another question.
My housemate keeps opening the fridge door
and fraudulently claiming, balls, we're out of milk.
He then pauses and says, ah, just joking.
How do I explain to him what jokes are?
That's from George from the internet.
You know the one. We're out of milk.
Get it?
I mean, it's the exclamation balls that gives us
a particularly like nutty sort of wild boys
pecan flavor that I really would like an early 2000s,
like some 41 sort of barf vibe that I just
am like really grooving on right now.
Just sort of, just sort of some, just a fucking really,
really, really good.
I mean, that's the, that made me laugh.
I'll be honest.
Yeah, it did make me laugh too.
You want to put on a joke clinic, but the summoning,
the conjuring of balls from the depths is like,
that makes me chuckle, I think, a little bit.
Yeah, because they weren't out of-
Did you, Griffin, did you hear the part
where they weren't out of milk?
Did you hear that part of the joke?
No, that's classic comedy.
I was more tickled by this sort of ska curse word, balls.
I guess I'm just lost in this whole thing.
So there is milk?
No, no, no, no, no.
Oh, there is milk.
Oh, there is.
Now I get it.
Balls, balls, dude.
Balls, I got tricked.
For a second, I thought that there was no milk present,
and I panicked.
I panicked.
Honest to God, I felt my blood go cold
because I was like, what do I put on my Frosted Flakes later?
And I was thinking about having a mac and cheese for dinner,
but not now.
Not now.
But then, Justin, here's the beauty of this,
was not only is it fucking hilarious,
but the relief I felt when I realized there is milk.
I don't think that this person has thought about,
one of these days, they're going to open that old fridge
and there really isn't going to be milk.
And they can tell whoever they want at that point.
No one is going to believe it.
They're going to go to the store to buy milk,
and the milk butcher is going to say,
no, I'm pretty sure you have milk.
Nice try, but go home.
The milk got your number,
which is funny because you're at a butcher shop.
Right.
The milk butcher being the one who destroys the cows
to get the sweet nectar within.
There's got to be an easier way.
There has to be.
When you go to a really nice resort,
sometimes they'll crack the cow right there in front of you,
just put a straw in it,
and you can just enjoy it there in your chair
as you watch the waves roll in.
It's amazing.
Balls, dude.
Can you imagine if that's how it was?
Fuck.
Balls, man.
Balls.
That's some...
Oh, God.
It's just like I'm there on the couch
watching Viva La Bam again.
Fuck yeah, dude.
Balls.
I'm loving it.
Just saying it, man.
Every once in a while,
I check to see if there's going to be another jackass movie,
and it always leads me down some paths of despair.
It just gets worse every time I duck my head back in
to see how progress is coming on Jackass 4.
It gets worse and worse and worse.
And at this point,
I think I'm going to stop checking
to see if Jackass 4 is going to happen,
because I always end up very depressed.
Probably better ways for time to be used.
And money and everything.
Hey, here's a quickie sent by Rachel Rosen.
Game recognized game, Rachel Rosen.
Thank you.
It's Yahoo Answers user Ben who says,
has there ever been a circular banana?
Like, you know, how some bananas are more curly than others.
Has one ever curled right around into a circle?
I mean, probably.
All right.
Travis fruit science expert.
I mean, I'm just saying that if you're talking about
across the great expanse of time
since like the evolution of the modern nanner,
has there been a nanner that has grown into itself?
I mean, probably.
If you had a completely circular banana
that went all the way around,
you could feed everyone with it forever.
Think about that.
Hold up, what?
It's an infinite banana.
Nobody.
There's no beginning and no end to the banana.
So no matter how many bites you took out of it,
it's still all there.
Well, I see what you're saying.
If I may, one step further, in order for that to happen,
the banana would have to twist back in on itself
like a Mobius nanner.
Now, if you had a Mobius nanner,
you could also have people walk on that banana
and walk forever.
And get real confused.
Yeah, and while they're eating it.
Justin, you came to my house in March
and you brought your lovely family
and we all had a fun time.
And it wasn't just your lovely family you brought,
you also brought a literal bucket of donuts
from Voodoo Donuts.
A big bucket.
Big, big.
It's not a little bucket.
A 10 gallon bucket.
A 10 gallon bucket, and they had donuts in them
and I watched you eat a food that is a circle.
So I know you understand that not all circular foods
contain infinite food matter.
Yeah, but bananas traditionally have a beginning and an end,
right?
Every banana that you've ever seen
has a beginning and an end.
You're talking about terminal bananas.
You can either bite the beginning of the banana
or the bottom of the banana if you're a goofball.
I don't even know anybody that eats bananas that way
except maybe monkeys.
No, that's wrong.
But if you have a banana that goes all the way around
and I said, it just keeps going,
so you could bite the top of it.
There is no top.
You could bite the bottom.
There is no bottom.
So since it is an infinite banana without beginning or end,
then theoretically speaking, quantum, et cetera,
et cetera, et cetera.
Quantum, dude.
Much like lobsters, if we didn't harvest bananas,
they would just keep growing like that.
Like lobsters are immortal.
Everybody knows that.
Yeah.
Do you think bananas are immortal if we don't chop them?
Man, am I right?
Humans, won't we fuck up?
Anyways, I want perfectly round bananas that I can...
Because here's the thing.
I'm going to the park to play with my friends in the grass
and just sort of connect with nature
and I take an apple with me.
I drop the apple and of course,
I'm like running in the grass because I'm having a great time
and I kick the apple and it goes so far away
because I just had to hold the apple in my hands.
What the fuck else am I going to do with it?
It's a big apple.
It's a big gala apple.
A banana ring.
I could wear that as a tiara.
I could wear that as a cool bracelet or a belt
if it's fucking big enough.
Like Travis said, we eat these bananas
before we really give them a fair shot.
So I wear this banana circlet and it's not going to fall off
because I'm wearing it and it looks cool.
It looks yellow and cool and banana.
Not only that, Griffin, you get to the park with your friends
and it's like, hey, let's play some Ultimate Frisbee
like we've been talking about all week.
Oh no, Steve forgot the fucking frisbee.
Nanner time.
Throw it.
And I would be kind of passive aggressive.
I would throw it so Steve would miss
and so he'd look like a fucking nerd.
This is the dumbest our show has ever been
and I'm stopping it to go to the Money Zone.
How would you even peel it if it's all over?
You got a great wardrobe.
You look good.
You got your perfect jeans with the holes for sex.
You got your banana crown.
What about the things not everybody gets to see?
That's right.
You've been buying those store-bought underwear five packs
that are basically like trash on your genitals.
So congratulations.
It's time to level up your genitals to me undies.
They're seriously soft, feel-good undies delivered
right to your door with all kinds of cool patterns.
They're made from sustainably sourced micromodal,
which is a fabric three times softer than cotton.
They come in a ton of different bold shades
and adventurous patterns.
They could be your little secret and guess what?
You save time and money each month
with a monthly subscription.
Right now, me undies is offering you 20% off your first pair.
Just use the special URL meundies.com slash my brother
and get 20% off your first pair.
Revamp your underwear drawer.
You deserve it.
That's meundies.com slash my brother.
And what do you wear over your me undies?
Your blue apron.
Blue apron is a micromodal fabric
that protects you from all food splattering on your genitals.
Food spills and splashes and knife bounces.
It is an invincible fabric that will stop eight bullets.
It is the golden fleece, except it's blue.
It's also an apron.
No, it's a food box.
It's a food box full of ingredients that they send to you
and then you, I guess, get the ingredient.
It says right here you get the ingredients super hot
and make them touch and then they turn into sauces
and cooked meals and stuff.
And then you taste them and they're really good.
It's less than $10 per person per meal
and they deliver seasonal recipes
along with pre-portioned ingredients
that you can use to put them together
and make them touch and hot
and then they turn into delicious home cooked meals.
And you can choose from a variety of recipes
based on what your diet is
and there's new ones all the time so you don't get bored.
Some of them include beef teriyaki stir fry
with sugar snap peas and lime rice,
baked spinach and egg flatbread
with sauteed asparagus and lemon aioli,
three cheese baby broccoli stromboli
with tomato and oregano dipping sauce.
They're all really good.
You can check out this week's menu
and get your first three meals for free
with free shipping by going to blueapron.com slash my brother.
It's blueapron.com slash my brother.
You eat these meals and you'll be able to think faster
and use the computer faster,
move stuff with your mind like Lucy.
We got some Jumbotrons.
This one is for Teagan
and it's from Sarah who specifies not that Teagan and Sarah.
Which, how do you know what Teagan and Sarah
I was thinking of?
Yeah, I wasn't thinking of the band.
I might've been thinking of you.
You don't know.
I was thinking of you and now I feel weird
because now I think maybe you are the band.
I'm so confused.
Okay, anyways, Teagan says,
no, Sarah says to Teagan,
I'm so happy to spend our four year anniversary
slash Christmas 2016
slash our May birthday
slash our five year anniversary
slash Christmas 2017 with you.
Nice.
You are so amazing and brave
for transitioning into the woman you are.
Brothers, you good, good boys
make us laugh ourselves silly.
Please tell my girlfriend to stop being
so silly and cute and amazing.
I can't handle it.
That was for either May or December.
Teagan, cut it out.
Teagan, fucking stop it.
Yeah, what are you trying to prove?
I get it.
You're cute.
You're amazing.
You're amazing, all right?
Teagan, yes, you're very brave and awesome and radical.
But Sarah's sick of it.
Sarah's sick of your shit.
Your adorable shit.
Be normal like us.
We're not cute at all.
Lower yourselves to Arvar.
I have a message for my hobbit boyfriend, Dave.
And it's from your goblin boyfriend, Alex.
Oops, this isn't the adventure zone.
Anyway, happy 12 year anniversary.
Whoa, congratulations, Dave and Alex.
If teenage us knew we'd stay together
and still be enjoying D&D, sports, anime, and Pokemon,
well, I think they'd be kind of horrified, actually.
But adult me couldn't be happier to be living my life with you,
you wonderful weirdo and sweet cinnamon roll.
I love you.
Aw, that's adorable.
Man, two adorable messages.
Very nice.
I feel very fortunate.
So, happy anniversary to Dave.
To Dave and Alex.
Takes two to tango.
I wish we'd known.
That's awesome, y'all.
I wish we'd known things were gonna get so fucking charming
here in the mind zone.
And then maybe we wouldn't have spent 20 minutes
talking about Dom jeans.
Like I think it detracted,
like this could have been our 500 days of summer episode,
but instead it's sort of a weird like grind house style.
Like it starts out like really raunchy and raw
and a lot of talking about blue jean friction against a wiener
and then it does get like really, really, really cute.
Who knows what the third act will contain?
Let's find out.
I'm Hal Loveland.
I'm Danielle Radford.
I am Michael Eagle.
And we are the hosts of Tights and Fights,
Maximum Fund's newest podcast dedicated to all things wrestling.
We'll be talking about Sasha Banks,
the women's revolution, Sasha Banks,
the brand split and Sasha Banks' wigs.
And we'll also be talking about wrestler fashion.
Some wrestlers wear too many clothes.
Some wrestlers don't wear enough clothes at all.
And I'll be doing impressions of all your favorite wrestlers.
New episodes Thursdays on Maximum Fund
or wherever you get your podcasts.
Oh yeah, dig it.
Here is a question.
I'm a regular at a local thought.
Oh, okay, okay.
How did you do this bad?
I'm so sorry.
Oh, we've done it.
Say it good.
Say it.
Say it good.
Prove that you can to me and yourself.
Okay, here we go.
I'm a regular at a local Thai restaurant.
Okay, now that we know,
now that the prestige has been revealed,
you gotta understand,
Justin knows about Thai,
but he also reads one letter at a time sometimes.
He just like runs through a sentence a letter at a time
and just kind of explores the words
at the same time as you hear them.
It's really a fun way to do it.
Whenever you all are ready for the throne,
if you wanna come at the king,
come take it.
Come take this throne from me.
It's not a throne, it's a job.
And we all have different jobs.
Justin, it's pronounced drone.
Okay.
I'm a regular at a local restaurant.
What's the sort of genre of restaurant?
Thai, it's a type of Asian cuisine, Thai.
Whenever I overhear another patron
ask the wait staff for recommendations,
I fight the urge to rush over to their table.
You know what I'm gonna do?
Actually right now,
and I think this is a big moment for our show
and for me as a human being,
I have to increase the text size.
I think that that's the problem.
Jesus God.
The text isn't big enough.
What were you at before?
Like 12?
And now you're bumping up to 14?
Just like regular and then I'm-
Do you need to get some readers?
Maybe I need some readers.
Oh, you know what?
This is nice.
I did it too.
This is nice.
It's nice, right?
It's a lot easier to read.
I should have been doing this a long time ago.
So I'm a regular at a local Thai restaurant.
Whenever I overhear another patron
ask the wait staff for recommendations,
I fight the urge to rush over to their table
and provide them with my favorites.
Should I continue to resist this urge
or should I tell them what's good?
That's from The Red Curry is Delicious
in Cleveland, Ohio.
Yeah, you should keep fighting this one.
Yeah.
I think on this one,
that's a battle worth fighting.
Yeah, so this is a hill you gotta die on,
I think maybe even a little bit.
To continue to not do this thing is the most you can-
I can't-
I can maybe count the number of times
where I have wanted this service on one finger,
and it was when I was in another country
where I didn't speak the language even a little bit.
Well, could I have used a little bit of help
from a stranger friend?
Otherwise, I think I'm good.
I think I'm good here, I think.
Especially since,
and I don't mean to point out the obvious here,
they are talking to an employee of that restaurant
when they ask the question.
Right.
And it's their job to answer that question.
So I think it might be covered.
So I think that resisting that impulse is good.
Now, that said, what you should do
is when the wait staff makes a recommendation,
just chuckle to yourself and shake your head no.
Like,
all right, that's totally cool.
There's nothing wrong with it.
And then, it's important you follow that up
with when you get your red curry,
you eat it and you're just like,
oh, balls, I'm loving it.
I'm loving it, yummy, yum, yum, yum, red curry.
I'll have what I'm having.
I feel like I feel when I have sex sometimes
at the end of it, you know what it's called.
I don't.
At the end of the meal,
save one spoonful of your red curry
as you're walking out the door,
slip the spoon into the person's mouth
and whisper in their ear,
you fucked up, and then walk out.
While they're talking.
So it's just like, yeah,
so Jeremy walks out of the break room
and I'm like, I fucked up.
That was amazing.
What have I done?
Got these stupid noodles, fuck.
And they just hand him a piece of paper
with a black spot on it and they'll know.
They'll know.
It's with a bloody handprint.
They know, but it's not blood.
It's red curry.
I should have got what he said.
He said he came when he ate this.
It made him feel like sex time.
That's what he said.
That's what he said.
How are your pad thai?
It was pretty good.
I definitely didn't cum like that dude,
which is like, shoot.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
I gotta go, but it's lunch.
I gotta go back to work.
I can't go back to work with creamy Dom jeans,
but shoot, it sounds like it was a revelation.
Damn it.
Damn.
Wish she'd said something before.
Is there any, let me ask you boys this.
Is there, you've made your feelings clear
about receiving the service in a restaurant.
I think the problem, and stop me if I'm out of line,
but I think the problem with doing this in a restaurant
is that, and it's odd if you think about it,
but when we have tables at a place,
we all feel like that's our sort of island.
That's our, like the other tables aren't there
and we're all pretending that there aren't tables,
but like, this is our territory.
Like we've staked this out.
You don't do that at Best Buy.
If someone crosses your path when you're looking at TVs
to also look at TVs,
you don't get like weirdly territorial about it.
It's just as the restaurant,
you feel like you're renting that space for that moment,
which is why I don't approve of community tables,
by the way.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
No, thanks.
But here's my question.
Is there a business in which you would appreciate this service?
Is there a business in which you would want someone
to just kind of swoop in and drop some some records?
You know, J-Man, to that point, no joke,
if it was a counter service thing,
because Teresa and I, when we went to Scotland,
once again, different country, not quite the same.
We do speak the language, but standing at the counter,
first day there, wasn't sure like what to do,
what social customs were different.
Very nice, slightly older than us couple,
kind of saw our hesitation was like,
is this your first time here?
And we're like, yeah.
I'm like, all right, here's what you need to do.
And they walked us through like where to go to order
and like what drinks we should try.
And that was very helpful.
So counter service?
Don't ever walk up to somebody's table.
I think you are right.
But if you see someone standing on a counter going,
I just don't know what to get.
I think then you can make the reckon.
Keep walking.
Yeah, it only happened to me once.
It was also an older couple when we were in Tokyo.
We were in this like huge food mall that was like underground.
I'm making it sound like it was a cave.
It was just like in the basement of like a shopping mall
or whatever.
And there were like a billion food options and this older
couple was like, you want this?
And we were like, all right.
And we did want this very much.
And they talked about how much it made them come over and over
and over and over and over and over and over again.
I went to this new Brazilian steakhouse that got in Charleston
and I've never been to a restaurant like that before.
And there were definitely some like I didn't,
it was terrifying because I didn't,
the person gave me a list of meat and then left and didn't
come back to tell me what, ask what meat I wanted.
Irresponsible.
And I waited and waited and waited and just sort of like
looked sadly as people were getting meat and we weren't.
And it turned out there was this like device.
There was a device on the table that indicated whether or not
we were ready for meat.
And that information was not relayed to me, by the way,
which seems to me the biggest faux pas you could make in this
venue because like, that's how I get it.
Why didn't you tell me that?
Every time I go somewhere new, I am terrified that I will
misunderstand a fundamental process that exists in that place.
Like I'll sit down at a table and it's like, no, no,
you order from the bar or I'll go to the bar and they're like,
we have servers, just go sit down at the table.
So I would say in that circumstance, having like,
if you see somebody like milling around and doing that thing
that we humans do when we're really feeling dumb of that,
like kind of body posture.
I think in that circumstance, if you want to be like,
oh yeah, you just sit down and come right to the table and
you just flip it over so that it's green on top and then
they know you want meat.
I think that's totally cool.
And in fact, when people do that for me, I feel like they're
angels sent from God.
And that's Roma Downey just like, Travis, you feel very
stupid in this moment.
I'm like, I do, Roma Downey.
Thank you very much.
And she's like, oh, you just put your money, you pay right
up there at the front.
I'm like, oh, Roma Downey, thanks so much.
Good Roma.
Hey, thanks.
It's a good Roma.
Killer Roma.
Well, what I do when I do assets is I just mumble a lot.
This Yahoo was sent in by Zoe Kinski, riding high.
Thank you.
Climbing that ladder and riding high on it.
Thank you, Zoe Kinski.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Victoria Sparta, who asks, need help ASAP?
My rear end is glued to my office chair due to a
super glue prank.
Yes.
Yes.
Not.
Yes.
Justin, how could you?
I didn't.
Yes.
It didn't happen.
Give me this.
Let me read to you.
And you're going to feel like a real jag.
Didn't happen.
A real judge advocate general for your doubting, because the
extra details I think are going to satisfy you.
Yes, my butt right now glued to the office chair.
My fiance and I have a prank war going on right now.
He got me good.
I admit it.
But I will get him back.
So with the exception of nail polish remover, don't have any.
What could unstick my skin from this chair?
He coded the whole dang seat.
Plus help.
I'm honestly stuck to this chair right now.
1100 exclamation points.
Griffin.
Wait, wait, wait.
Skin?
Travis, that is located in update six.
The six codex.
So I'll get there.
Please help.
I'm honestly stuck to this chair right now.
Justin, you fucking doubting Thomas.
I know this is the wrong section.
This is in social science gender studies, but I know this
section is active right now.
Thus why I put it here.
Because this is kind of a real time issue.
Update.
I wish I was kidding.
He put super glue on my chair.
Update two.
We have a prank war going on.
Thus, this is the current result.
Update three.
All right.
I know y'all are used to weird questions from some people who
are just bored and messing around.
But sadly, this is not one of those questions, Justin.
You piece of shit.
This is no trolling or anything, Justin asshole.
So my rear end is stuck to the chair.
Update four, when I say office chair, I meant my home office
chair.
It's only me and him at the house.
He's laughing his head off and refusing to help me.
Update five.
Let's just say I'm wearing a skirt.
Hints answering I think why the skin is on the chair.
Update six.
Oh, I found my pocket knife on the desk.
I hate to ruin a chair, but it looks like I have to cut the
chair fabric in order to be able to get up and soak in the
tub till the rest comes off.
Man, this sucks.
Balls.
My skin's stuck to the chair.
My fiance got me great.
Now, but but I if you want you Travis, if what you have to
say is not going to help this person out of this fucking
horrible situation.
I literally don't want to hear it.
No, I actually don't want to hear it.
I guess I just have two questions, they help me
understand so that I can CSI the issue to figure out the
solution.
And that is question number one.
I understand that this person says they're wearing a skirt.
How much super glue was put onto this seat?
Soaked through.
Soaked all the way through.
Second question.
How I guess this is the most important question that I have.
How quickly between application of super glue to seat and you
sitting down.
Did your fiance apply that super?
Was it like they saw you going to sit down and we're like?
Oh, that's true because it gets tacky real quick.
Yeah.
I mean, this whole thing's pretty tacky.
This is a prank war they're embroiled in.
They obviously know how to do this type of stuff.
And Travis, that was a minute and a half where you could have
said something to help this person out of time losses.
But loss like this person is going to lose a lot of but
matter at this point.
Griffin, I don't think they are.
I don't think this happened.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry, but there's six fucking updates.
This couple loves each other so much and they definitely have
a YouTube channel where they just sort of get each like they
fucking just fucking get each other all the time.
And this is the latest one.
And I don't understand why you won't help this person out
because it can be fun and flirty.
This is my 50 shades.
Your 50 shades is pranks.
50 shades of pranks.
I got you.
I got you this time.
I put a bucket of water up on the door sill and you open it
up and you got splashed.
Oh, yes.
I put that you put the fucking sugar on your grapefruit to
eat it for breakfast, but it was all salt.
There's no milk.
Wait, there is.
Thank you so much for listening to our show.
I want to play more in this space, though, closing the door
to the playroom.
Unfortunately, I'm going to stay in the playroom.
We're going to be in two different rooms for the end of
this fucking trap you in there with jokes.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to leave the area.
I'm in the fucking playroom now.
This is a thematically consistent episode, which I
always really enjoy.
I love this.
And thank you for listening to our program to the second
straight episode where Griffin is absent for the ending of it,
which is unusual.
But thank you for listening.
Thank you to sorry.
John Rodgers, the long winners for the use of theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
Trav, were you going to say something?
I was going to say thank you to our friends at Cirque du Soleil
for acting as the go between the mediators between Griffin
and Criss Angel so that Griffin could get his being back.
I told a lot of really great jokes in the playroom when you
guys weren't there.
It's a shame.
I should have brought my Mike jokes got to hear him.
That's the important thing.
If if you all can think of a collaboration we could do with
Cirque, because I think they would love to work with us and
we'd love to work with them.
Are you talking about the Criss Angel?
The Criss Angel tweet.
I do want to say on the subject that I've had a lot of people
when they saw that Cirque du Soleil really signal boosted
sort of my whole drama.
I did just want to say every night when I go to sleep, I just
see one big eye and there's not really a traditional pupil in
there.
It's just sort of like a big like black hole.
And I guess that is I like, I guess it is Criss and he's in
there or whatever.
Yeah.
We we're going to oh, oh, oh, oh, hey, hey, hey, we're going
to do you want to come see my brother, my brother and me or
the Adventure Zone?
Either one because we're going to be in San Diego during San
Diego Comic Con doing a live show for both of those podcasts
with those programs.
My brother, my brother, me and the Adventure Zone.
I have the details.
Hold on.
Also, I just want to say, if you're coming to Austin, hit us
up with those bim bam questions, please.
And yeah, I always think that's a lot.
Always lots of yachts a lot.
Who's for the for the live shows.
So thank you to all my troopers out there.
My street team.
So the show is going to be where when the Balboa the Balboa.
All right.
I'll use that as a search term and I'll search Balboa and
submissive and see what I turn up Balboa on Friday and
Saturday night at 10 p.m.
So Friday will be.
Oh, my God.
I believe the first one is Adventure Zone.
Taz always first, because it makes me very scared to do that
one.
Yeah.
So Taz on Friday, my bim bam on Saturday, 10 p.m.
at the Balboa.
Trav, are you going to make can you make links for tickets?
Sure will.
Call the shot.
Call the shot now.
We'll say Taz SDCC and MBMBAM.
So bit.ly forward slash Taz SDCC and bit.ly forward slash MBMBAM
SDCC all lowercase.
Now, those tickets will go on sale if and if you you know,
we're not joking when we say this.
Tickets for our shows tend to sell out really quickly and we
want everybody to be able to come on sales for both shows.
We'll start at noon Pacific on Wednesday, May 17th.
That's three p.m.
Eastern Standard Time.
Or is it EDT yet?
No one quite knows.
No one can keep those straight.
But either way, it's it's noon Pacific, three p.m.
Eastern, Wednesday, May 17th.
And those links again, Travis, are bit.ly forward slash Taz SDCC
and bit.ly forward slash MBMBAM SDCC.
Okay, it's gonna be fun as fuck.
Spider-Man's gonna be there.
We invited him.
We hope to get him out there.
We're gonna have the trailer for Star Wars, episode four.
We're gonna have that out.
You'll be able to check that.
If you know a famous person that's gonna be there, ask if
they'll come to our show, please.
What if we got that super old man that they let in all the
comic movies for some reason who does the one line and he
showed up and he said like something like he could walk on
and he could be like a PA and like we wouldn't even make a
big deal out of it.
That'd be amazing.
What's his deal?
Like what?
It's always like I think he's somebody's dad.
I think he's Joss Whedon's dad or something.
There he is again.
There he is again.
This time he's a janitor.
You never know where you're gonna stay.
I'm always it's hard for me to enjoy those movies anymore
because like I just don't pay attention to the plot because
I'm fucking just scouring the background looking for that
like old guy.
You know Griffin I actually read that they don't like cast
him or schedule that or anything.
He just keeps showing up and then when they go back for the
edits it's like fuck there he is again.
Get it again.
That's sweet though.
That's sweet though that they let him like be a part of it.
Anyway come to those shows.
Please get tickets when they go on sale so you don't miss out.
We would love to see everybody there.
I know there's a lot of things competing for your time there
but hopefully like I don't know 10 p.m.
So there's probably it's probably not open anymore.
You can't go see Spider-Man.
So might as well come see him at our show.
Our show's at 10 p.m.?
Yeah.
Magic hour.
Shit during STCC Griffin goes till like fucking four or five
in the morning.
Some people just don't sleep.
That's midnight for me.
My time zone and how I do things.
It will be a very sleepy set.
Nah it's gonna be a party set.
No it's not.
It's gonna be weird.
It'll just get weirder.
So come out and see those shows.
And Griffin do you have a final Yahoo voice?
Yeah I sure do.
I got one from game recognized game Rachel Rosen.
Thank you Rachel's Yahoo answers user Joseph Sherman who asks
Why do my eyes change from emerald green to a steel dark blue before and during a storm?
I've looked but no solution.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother my brother me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
Maximum fun dot org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported from the dawn of time
one podcast has unlocked the secrets of science and technology to enrich the lives of billions
and now after a year where they've unlocked the golden age of knowledge
they're about to hit warp speed and go stratospheric.
Wait hold up.
On Ono Ross and Kerry we don't make extraordinary claims we investigate them.
We go undercover with fringe religious groups, investigate paranormal claims,
and we participate in pseudoscientific medical treatments and then report our findings to you.
And yes we've even investigated Scientology.
New episodes every month at maximum fun dot org.
Ono Ross and Kerry they show up so you don't have to.
Hey my bim bambinos Travis here your middlest brother I'm so excited to announce the first
inaugural PodCon.
PodCon is a project that's been in the works for a while now and it's my brother my brother
and me welcome to Night Vale and Dear Hank and John aka the vlog brothers aka Hank and
John Green.
We're so excited to be doing a convention to celebrate podcasting both the podcast we
love and the making of those.
It's going to be December 9th and 10th in Seattle but we're announcing it now because
we need your help putting on this convention unfortunately is not going to be free and
we want it to be great so we need your help with that so we're starting our crowdfunding
campaign today you can go to podcon.com podcon.com to contribute to the IndieGoGo campaign today
and not only will you help support a new project that I think is just going to be a whole heck
of a lot of fun you're also going to get rewards you can get admission to the convention you
know special live stream hangouts you can get someone from Night Vale or my brother
my brother me or Hank and John to do a voicemail for you thumb drives loaded with some of our
favorite episodes and exclusive content vip events at the convention and even if you can't
make it to the convention you'll be able to access the audio you know you'll be able to
attend remotely and still get a lot of other rewards so if you would like to help support
this new project and we sure hope that you do just go to podcon.com pick the level that's
right for you and let's get this thing rolling thanks so much and we'll see you in Seattle
December 9th and 10th
