The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to My Brother My Brother being the advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy.
I'm that sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy. Just want to do a quick review. First off,
congratulations to our friend, the person we I feel like we inspire every day,
Lin-Manuel Miranda. He was on Saturday Night Live, and I was just thinking we could talk about some
of the best. I mean, here's the thing. He's a he's a he's a friend and an inspiree by us,
and so there's I feel like but if we're going to like you, I would say if we're if we're reviewing
the product, I'm I've got to be impartial. I've got to be ethical about it. It should be easy
to be impartial because we are recording this Saturday afternoon long before the episode is
aired, so I feel like that will make it really easy to be impartial, to remain impartial as far
as judging the episode goes. I feel like we don't go into his house and write musicals.
You know what I mean? But he's coming into goof tavern. He's drinking our goof ale. He's
maybe eating up all the goof pretzels on the counter, leaving none for anyone else.
What were some of your guys' favorite sketches that Lin did? Because I got to tell you,
when he brought back that classic Chris Kattan character, Mango, and it was like I could not
believe he dropped Mango on us. He did that. He did Wayne's World. I thought Mango was actually
as a tribute to me. I was really touched. In fact, I wept a little bit. What I didn't like
very much is how they had Chris Kattan in old age makeup, and he came back as like an elderly Mango,
and Lin was like new Mango. I really didn't understand why that was necessary.
Justin, I don't want to disillusion you. We haven't seen Chris Kattan in a while.
I'm not certain that was makeup.
I didn't like the part where old Mango and Lin as young Mango fought each other,
but because what got weird is that it seemed like it was not scripted to be like that,
and it was just like our friend Lin Manuel Miranda was having a very real,
very live fight with Chris Kattan on the stage with real punches and blows, and I was like,
is this supposed to be happening right now?
Are we supposed to be watching this?
Because there was a point where Chris Kattan was just screaming,
how could you do this to me, Lin? This was mine. This was my baby. You took this from me, Lin.
I do Mango, he said, over and over again.
He just kept screaming, I do Mango.
I am Mango. Let me pivot just real quick. I got to bring it up. Coneheads.
Oh boy, that's great.
Did not see that coming.
And the fact that they combined the Coneheads with the Spartan Cheerleaders, which honestly-
Was a strange one.
Brilliant. I thought it was brilliant. I get it. I get what they're-
I think it's about the current political climate was kind of what they were satirizing there,
and I thought it was great.
I didn't understand why he came out as Cube Boy during the Conehead set.
And again, it was one of those things where all of the actors on stage just stopped,
and they're like, Lin, what are you doing?
Why are you trying to create this new character Cube Boy?
This is not how we did it in dress rehearsals.
And Lin's thing was definitely funnier, but it was just, again, just kind of a weird energy.
One thing that was weird to me was also that he brought Fire Marshall Bill back.
That's a Mad TV character that James K did.
And I don't even know why he would be Fire Marshall. He called it Bob.
And I don't know if he forgot what he was originally called or what,
but he did the whole, let me try to get something, that whole thing.
He did that character.
You know what, Justin, now that you mention it, I also thought it was weird
when he came on as Baggins, Sagan, Barry, Keenan Thompson's character from All That.
That was really weird.
Why did he make Keenan stand outside a window on the set and watch the whole scene?
That was so strange.
I thought it was weird when they just sort of stopped
and then Lin did a scene word for word from Martin
where he played every role in the TV show Martin.
I remember that.
I remember.
Is this even Saturday Night Live anymore?
It was like a multimedia experience.
And don't get me wrong, I loved it, A+, yes, absolutely, it was amazing.
But it was like, it doesn't seem like he told anybody he was going to do it.
Remember how they got the motorized armchair from the DAB from Roundhouse
and Lin drove it around on stage for 20 minutes in silence?
And he just kept saying, look at me.
Don't look away.
Just watch it.
I do think he brought it home when he brought out the record player
and he lip-synced to Mighty Mouse,
but he just did the part, here I come to save the day.
That was so unique and new and no one's ever done anything like that before.
It was a really good episode, though.
It was so good.
You know who was great?
You know who I really liked was 25 pilots?
No, they lost four.
They lost four, they're down to 21.
Damn.
I know, it's a real shame.
But you know, in this economy, you just can't afford all those pilots.
Back in my day, you could smoke on a plane while 21 pilots had to watch you.
And what are they doing?
There were 21 joysticks on the plane.
What are you doing?
You could get 25 pilots for a nickel.
Yeah.
And movies were better.
This is an advice show, really.
If you think about it.
If you think about it, this is an advice show.
We don't need to advise Lin.
He already just like crushed it on Snull.
So I'm ready to just do our thing now.
Yeah, let's get wild.
Let's do it.
Let's really get back in our wheelhouse.
We're back.
I love my big brother to death.
Oh, no.
That was a weird accent.
I shouldn't have done that.
Yeah.
I love my big brother to death.
We're very good friends and often go to social gatherings together.
He's probably the nicest guy I know, which is generally a good thing,
but has some unfortunate side effects.
He sometimes takes up to 30 to 40 minutes to leave a place
because he has to say individual and personalized goodbyes to everyone,
which leaves me waiting by the door awkwardly more times than I'd like to admit.
Although I know it comes from a very good place.
I'm pretty irritated by this.
Am I good?
Should I say something?
If I do, how do I do it without hurting his feelings?
That's from Tardy and Tired in Tel Aviv.
Oh, that's a really good one.
This is you shouldn't.
You can't change your brother.
You can change your travel arrangements to things.
I think that's what you got to do because I love this person.
It makes you feel so special.
Oh, sure.
When I take off, my move is I thank whoever hosted the party
and anybody I see on my way to the door and then I turn and I say,
bye everybody, see you later.
I walk out and do a quick little shout cast and then I scoot my way on out
because I also don't want to take 40 minutes to leave.
See my move, I just bounce like a gummy bear.
I just sit there and I think like, I'm done and I walk out the door.
Well, that's oftentimes that's just how impulsive I am.
That's the energy I bring to a party.
I'm sitting there having a great time and mid sentence,
it just clicks on my head like my time here is done
and I just walk out the front door.
Yeah, it's very random.
Sometimes I'll be talking to you and you'll just start screaming
and trying to kick me and it's like, what?
And it's like, I love that random energy that Travis brings.
And then I'm running out the door
and I'm going to the next adventure.
I really liked at my wedding when you just weren't there anymore.
And it was like, well, how random, how funny?
What would you guys think if he,
if you just showed up 30 to 40 minutes later than your brother?
So what I'm suggesting here is if you show up later,
then you'll be ready to go at the exact moment that he is.
You know what I mean?
Maybe he's like, I love my brother,
but he always shows up 30 to 40 minutes too early
to every social gathering.
Like I'm saying, if you came later, maybe it would balance out.
You'd be on the same schedule.
Or you could just like look at your brother and say,
hey, in 30 or 40 minutes, I'm going to be ready to leave.
So start doing the goodbyes.
Now, I will also say that I appreciate your concern,
but I doubt very much that if you said,
I doubt your brother is unaware of the fact
that you were often waiting by the door
as he says his goodbyes.
Like, I think that's probably something,
if this has happened more than twice,
he's probably picked up on the fact,
but he just sees it as like, I love my brother,
but why is he so rude and doesn't say goodbye to anybody?
That's the real stitch, isn't it?
Is that your brother's doing these beautiful goodbyes,
never leaves a party without putting some tears
in those eyeballs.
Yeah, and you aren't doing that
unless you are just sort of catching his,
unless you're drafting, as they say in racing terminology,
you're probably not doing that.
So you just sit there and wait for your brother to say
all the goodbyes and then you probably do what I do,
which is the shout blast.
And then you seem probably like a dick
and so like, I know Derek so well.
His brother, Jason, I don't know him from Adam,
his other brother.
Who's also very friendly.
Who's also extremely friendly.
It's just, fuck Jason, really.
So I'm saying like, let your brother know
because maybe you can meet in the middle somewhere
and arrange it more of like,
hey, I'm gonna be ready to go in like an hour.
Let's start making our way to the door,
that kind of thing,
rather than you just like standing by the door
and you know, because here's the thing,
especially if this is a recurring thing,
no matter how hard you try to hide it,
you're probably reading as impatient.
And so like-
And also let me clarify something.
I've been a brother for almost 33 years now.
He is trolling you.
Like 100%, if he sees you standing by the door,
he is going to make those goodbyes last
as long as humanly possible.
100% guaranteed.
Bye, Dave.
Wait, you know what, Dave?
Before I go, remind me, how did we meet?
What's the etymology of the name Dave?
Hey, Dave, let's talk about some of our other famous Daves.
What are some of your favorite Daves, Dave?
Dave, will you for me recap in synopsis
the entire plot of the television show Entourage?
Everyone, everyone gather around.
Dave is going to regale us with the plot-
The plantarage.
You know, the plot of Entourage.
Sit down, Jason.
Listen to Dave.
Dave, what's your favorite epic poem?
Remember the other day when you were recounting
Gilgamesh for me, Dave?
Do it once more.
Dave, sit with me and read all of the menu items
and calorie counts for every item at Taco Bell.
This is the problem.
This is why we shouldn't have parties anymore.
Parties made sense in agrarian societies
because at some point everybody would be like,
fuck, I gotta wake up early to farm.
I can't be here anymore.
Everybody agree on the time-
The first time there was an invitation printed
with a question mark on it, we should have retired parties
because we need agrarian responsibilities
to be able to get us out of parties.
Unless you have agrarian responsibilities,
you are not going to be able to leave any party.
This is actually why I super love being in my 30s now
because I like, Teresa and I get so excited when a party starts
at like 2 p.m. when it's like, ah, shit, yeah,
it's in between lunch and dinner and it will be done by six.
This is awesome.
God, I don't know ever when I turn 30.
I love it when it just gets lit.
When it gets sun up, sun down.
I'll raise a fucking bar for 16 hours.
I don't give a shit.
The amount of predicted discomfort required for me
to insist that I drive separately to an event
is so small, so minor, so insignificant.
Ah, man, I really want to be home by 10.
Oh, I was thinking about staying out till about 10.15.
Ooh, sounds like we should drive separate then
because let's drive and it's 100 miles
and it'll take us two hours to get there,
but I am going to stop at one gas station on the way.
Ooh, I don't know about that.
I should probably drive separate.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Yeah, sure.
How about this one from Level 9000 YajurJurJur Davenport?
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yajur Answers User.
Question mark.
Who asks?
Why can't joggers run around in a circle?
Why do they have to run where they can pose
and flex in front of everyone?
As an extremely-
What?
Why can't joggers run around in a circle?
Why do they have to run where they can pose and flex
in front of everyone?
As an extremely lazy person,
I would rather not see someone else getting fit.
I really don't need any more guilt.
Okay, wait, hold on.
Why can't they just run in a small circle
in their front yard?
Travis McElroy, I'm an extremely lazy person.
I rarely find joggers come-
As evidenced by your pronunciation
of every word in that sentence.
I rarely find joggers coming to me.
Yeah.
Like, I rarely am forced to look at joggers
from inside my home.
So is this lazy person, like, going to the park
and then they're like,
what's the deal with all these joggers?
I just came here to be lazy.
I tell you what I hate, though,
is when you do encounter one
and then they stop and they turn towards you
just glistening and they're just like,
oh, yes, it's me.
Can you believe it?
It's me.
Oh!
Drink it in!
Drink me up.
It's me.
Wonderful.
How wonderful you've seen me.
Remember this.
Tell your grandchildren's children
about the day that you met me.
It's why I can't go to the gym.
It's because it's too loud in there.
Just everybody's just like,
yes, it's me, yes.
How long would you be able to run in a circle
in your front yard
and not get arrested?
Yes.
Because I feel like if you did it for more than 15 minutes,
the police would come and say,
I don't know why,
but we're pretty sure we have to arrest you.
This is untenable.
If I ran around in a circle for 15 seconds in my front yard,
the police would have to arrest me for projectile vomiting.
Yeah.
Sir, we're arresting you for attempted suicide.
Thank you.
Save me from myself.
Blah!
Blah!
This is...
This is good fitness though, right?
Just do it in a circle.
Why not?
Because it would get too tiring.
Yeah, dog, exercise.
Well, the real worry is that what ends up happening
is just like in DuckTales,
if you go in a circle too many times,
you're gonna wear a circle into the ground.
What are you talking about?
What the fuck are you talking about?
That makes perfect sense.
If you run in a circle for a long...
Think about it, Griffin.
Really think for once.
If you run in a circle in your yard for a very long time,
eventually you're going to start to dig a ditch,
a circle-shaped ditch.
First, the grass will die.
Very embarrassing.
Crop circles in my yard?
No, thank you.
And then after the grass is dead,
you're just gonna start digging down in the dirt,
and eventually you'll have a very ugly,
irredeemable circle from jogging in your yard.
Exactly.
I'm sorry, guys.
On this Yahoo page, there's an ad that says,
Melissa McCarthy says her goodbyes at 45.
No, it's not.
She didn't.
Why are you an ad on Yahoo Answers right now?
Why would she say her goodbyes?
I clicked through, and it's E Online.
Hey, E Online.
Why are you...
Why?
Okay.
Does it mean something different?
I saw it.
We were having a good time recording this podcast.
She was leaving a party, and it took a long time.
We're having a good time recording this podcast,
and my eyes dart to the right on the Yahoo Answers page.
It's like, yo, Melissa McCarthy died.
It's like, what?
Click it.
Just kidding.
Thanks for reading E Online.
This is an advertisement.
Stupid.
She's fine.
She's fine.
Is Melissa McCarthy okay?
No, she's good.
I haven't told anybody this story.
I've certainly never said it on the air,
because what if she listens?
And I don't know.
This story is not about Melissa McCarthy.
I know it sounds...
Sorry, bad transition.
But one day, Rachel and I were at home.
We were having dinner.
We're watching Walking Dead, I think.
And we get a knock at the door,
and it was a woman who was out for a run,
and she looked really bad off,
and she explained that she was very, very sick,
and she had just gotten very, very sick
while she was out on the road,
and she asked if she could use our bathroom.
And in like the kindest act maybe we've ever done,
we said, yeah, okay, go fuck it up.
Just like, I know it's gonna get really, really wild in there,
and please do that,
because the alternative is really, I guess, horrible.
We can't let that happen to a fellow human being.
And then we had to drive her home,
because she was very, very sick after that.
And that is like, that, guys,
that's why I don't want to go out jogging.
I'll jog in a circle in my front yard,
because then if I get hit,
and my dookie box just gets really, really crazy,
then I have like, I know exactly where to go.
What if I get lost out there,
and it gets wild in my dookie box,
because I, I don't know,
ate a weird salad yesterday or something.
See, this is why there should be on like people's front porches,
like on columns or something,
some kind of marking to let you know
that that's a safe house to use the bathroom at
if you're out jogging and you have an emergency.
Jogger is welcome to wreck our shop, come on in.
Also like, they'll give you a plate of biscuits
for painting the fence, that kind of thing.
I do want to say, it was not that bad.
I could, I'm glad it wasn't that bad.
I will admit to, I started jogging a couple months ago,
and, but I've mainly just been jogging
in the neighborhood around my house.
And I started doing it at the park,
just for a change of scenery.
And this is very embarrassing.
I had a moment when I was basically halfway
around the track from my car,
and I had this little bit of panic where I thought,
if I get tired of running,
I don't have a way back to my car other than that.
Like the decision to stop perambulating
has been robbed from me,
because I will have to do that to get back to my car.
You know what I mean?
I know exactly what you mean, Justin.
When I still lived in Los Angeles,
I went down to Venice Beach,
and I walked the dog along the Venice Beach boardwalk,
and I walked for a mile, and I was very proud of myself.
And then I realized that my car was still back
at the other end of that mile.
And I was so defeated in that moment
that I thought about calling a Lyft
to take me back to my car.
You don't psychically prepare for that.
Like you gotta be ready.
I'm in desperate need of some advice.
I was helping Lyft a table at the office,
and I ripped a hole in my suit pants
from zipper to top of belt.
Wait, what?
From zipper to top of belt?
Oh, probably from the bottom of zipper.
Bottom of zipper to top of belt on the back.
Oh my God.
That's quite a rip.
I've been sitting here for some time at my desk.
What are my next steps, brothers?
And that's from assless slacks.
This probably came in a few days ago, right?
So like, it has been some time.
I hope they got someone bringing in water and stuff.
I mean, it's a real 127 hour situation.
In the short term,
you're gonna have to be the last one in the office.
Yes.
Like people are gonna have to look at you
and be like, hey, oh, we're,
and you're like, yeah, just try to figure out,
finish up the big Robertson report.
Just, hey, working hard or hardly working?
Bill, Bill, please.
Please go.
Please just go, Bill.
I'm having kind of a late one too.
Got a big project.
Thought I might stay here all weekend.
Bill, Bill, please, God, please.
I'm begging you just this once, Bill.
You know what?
Let's make this an all nighter.
Just you and I, huh?
We'll work on projects together.
Maybe order some pizzas,
crack open some beers after everyone's gone.
How's it sound?
You know how you've been talking about
how you want to start playing D&D?
Well, let's do it.
I've got some D20s.
Let's go.
First off, stand, first off, stand up for me.
Bill, what?
Stand up for me right now in front of everyone.
Bill, no, I don't, I don't want to.
Take a bow.
No, no, Bill, please don't make me do this.
I'm calling in my favor.
Do me a favor and just to stand up
and spread your butt cheeks out.
Bill, no, it shouldn't be a problem
if your pants are good.
Bill, how?
Bill, why?
Bill, why?
Part the cheeks.
Bill.
Hey, do you remember that one time
that you ate my sandwich?
I don't know what you're talking about, Bill.
I think you know exactly what I'm talking about.
Stand up.
Let's see that cheek.
Stand up.
Hey guys, check this out.
Okay.
Bomb threat.
No, don't, no, no, no, no, no.
That's, that's an FBI crime.
The big one.
Okay, that's not gonna work.
First of all, staples I think can do this.
Oh, but you're gonna have to be so careful.
You have to take the pants off first.
So wait, you take your pants to staples
and then what, just say like,
hey listen, I need new pants.
Listen, staples is the number one office solution.
I think if you go in the door
and your asshole's showing-
This is an office and you need a solution.
Right, your asshole's showing in the office.
You're like, yo dog, this is,
now this is, now it's in your court.
Fix this.
We've got another one.
Debbie, get the emergency kit.
I'm just saying that staples
probably takes care of this all the time.
Yes.
Call Papa John's.
Call Papa John's and say,
I need a hot and fresh pizza delivery
and media mente.
And then as soon as the pizza gets there,
they stretch it out on the table,
the one pizza table,
and they put out all the pizza
and everybody's like, oh, grub time.
When everybody gets up to grub,
you make your exit.
Hello, perfect plan.
Except for one thing, Justin.
There's no flaws.
There's no flaws.
Travis, whatever you say is gonna be a fucking lie.
So, but go ahead.
Bill's on a diet.
Dammit, that's actually foolproof.
That's very good.
Mm-hmm.
Bill's getting that gluten free.
He brought a salad from home.
He ate it at 11 30
because he got hungry.
What if you just,
hey, what if you just fucking own it?
Yeah, welcome to the boss's office.
Like, hey, I want to raise.
And before you say anything,
check out this, this hole.
I want to raise.
No butts about it.
And then like, show them your butthole.
Set your pants on fire.
Listen.
Yeah.
If you do that,
everybody will be like very moved by your plight
and everybody will be very worried about you.
You have to very quickly get the pant fire under control.
And I'm seriously,
you probably shouldn't even let it get out of control.
It should be a very isolated,
controlled burn of your pants.
And in the side-
That's good, Justin.
That's good because then your pants will grow back
stronger and lusher than ever.
This is a fun little farce that you've put together.
A fun little Family Matters-esque romp
that you've built for us.
Maybe get your pants stuck in the shredder.
That's actually not bad.
What I'm saying is if you set your pants on fire
and then can get them out,
no one's going to question next steps.
I think you're going home.
Like, you get the rest of the day off.
You're going to have to figure out a way
to get someone stodgier than you for their pants to rip.
Just be grateful that it ripped the way it did.
And you didn't get the Kravitz gap.
You didn't get a full-blown Kravitz.
You didn't get a full-blown
Lenny Kravitz fault line situation.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Another one?
Sure, yeah.
This one was sent in by Aaron Keese.
The-
Keese Blade.
Nope, you've tried that one before.
Oh, I have.
Here are the keys to the kingdom.
The keys to the city.
Here's the keys.
Thank you, Aaron.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Wesley, who asks,
how to make your parents think you found a lizard
even though you bought it online.
There's so many-
There's a lot of answers here,
and I'd like to just read a couple
just to like sort of set the tone
because the top answer is there's no point in lying.
Just tell them the truth.
Otherwise, the consequences will be much worse.
At worst, if you manage to tell them
it's a lizard you found outside
and they didn't want a lizard in the house,
they'll make you release it.
That's not a bad point.
I think you could just say,
I bought this lizard, so it lives here now.
They can't just be like,
well, no, put it outside where it doesn't belong.
Yeah, where are these parents
that would be upset if you bought a lizard?
But if you just like found a trash lizard outside,
they'd be like, oh, dunk.
I guess it's fate.
You're gonna have to say you rescued the lizard
from an owner that was maybe terrible.
Some kind of elaborate like lizard heist
to get a lizard out of a bad situation.
This is not a bad idea.
I tell you though, when my boy,
he's gonna be a real scamp, I know it.
When he brings the lizard into this home,
if he says, I found this trash lizard outside
and it's a bad, dirty lizard,
and it's gross because it lived in the dirt for a long time
and now it lives in the house
and it's gonna bring dirt into the house and be awful,
I will say, no, that's no good.
If my little scamp boy says,
I bought this lizard on Amazon
and it was four and a half stars
and it was Amazon Prime, so it was free shipping.
I'd be like, hell yes, sick purchase.
What's the lizard's name?
Beautiful, beautiful lizard, excellent.
I can see why it's so highly rated.
This is an excellent lizard.
How long after clicking confirm purchase
do you think that this person posted this on Yahoo Answers?
Like, ooh, shit, oh, that's right.
Okay, but okay, let's help this person.
I guess plan an inverse heist.
What you're gonna have to do,
you're gonna have to tell your parents
you found the lizard in the house
and then maybe you can angle
like it would never survive outside.
This is a house lizard and you know what?
Maybe it was here before us.
Maybe it found us in its house.
That's a power play, but if you can make it work.
Okay, how about this?
How about you find a bear and kill it
and kill the bear and put it in the living room.
Listen, hear me out.
Kill the bear, put the bear in the living room,
put the lizard on top of the bear
and put a little bear blood around its mouth
and then call on your parents really quick.
Like, oh my God, guys, quick, hear a lizard.
We saved us.
We got a hero on our hands.
Everybody quick, get in here to see this heroic lizard.
It has to be something like this
where you have to make the parents fall in love
with the lizard and make it seem like
you had nothing to do with the lizard's arrival.
So I'm imagining, oh, I've got it.
What if you put the lizard in their bedroom
and they walk in and they're like,
ah, a lizard, but then they look up
and what do they see?
It's a lizard web and in it, it says like,
Dan's new best friend.
So good.
And it's like a beautiful glistening web
and maybe there's a diamond necklace
hanging from the web and the lizard winks.
Perfect.
Could you try to convince them
that it is a reincarnated deceased family member?
Could you try to ask it things
that only Unky Phil would know?
And just trivia about Unky Phil,
put it in some of his favorite shirts, that kind of thing.
So it could be like, oh, if this is Unky Phil,
not Uncle Phil from Fresh Prince of Bel Air,
but Unky Phil, a wholly different entity,
then what I want you to do, lizard,
is stand really still for a long time
and then just like dart somewhere all crazy like
and kind of scary.
Oh, he did it.
Oh, he darted just like Unky Phil used to dart.
He sat very still for a long time though
and was very boring and a bad pet also.
Also not a great pet.
Were you buying lizards online
and getting them shipped to your home?
How is that a service that's being offered?
That's a good question, actually.
I have a solution.
This is good.
I think this could work.
What you need to do is you're gonna like,
whatever your surreptitious ordering is,
you're gonna have to order all the stuff for the lizard too.
You know, the terrarium, the equipment, all that stuff.
Then you're just gonna have to put the lizard in your room
in that terrarium.
Don't hide it.
And then your parents will at some point
walk by the room and go,
when did you get a lizard?
And you're going to say, what do you mean?
I've had that lizard forever for like years.
And then if your parents continue to confront you about it,
now you turn it on them and say,
do you not take any interest in my life whatsoever?
Has it really taken you this long
to figure I have a lizard and now they're guilty
and they'll buy you a second lizard?
To put on top of that one.
Yes, so that your lizard need not to be lonely.
It's gonna make a Rango joke,
but there's just nothing there.
Maybe make your parents watch Rango,
have them fall in love with lizards like you have.
How to make your parents think you found a DVD of Rango,
even though you bought Rango online.
Yeah, I just found it, it's floating in the creek.
Oh no, it might be a haunted Rango.
Don't watch that.
Seven days later, Rango will actually come to your house.
Hi, Rango.
I love you very much.
I bet the hardest kind of person to connect with
is a person that has just bought a lizard online
that has not yet arrived.
Cause you know there's nothing
they're gonna wanna talk about other than the fact
that they've got a lizard on the way
and making some plans for that lizard.
There will also be no getting them out of the house
lest they miss the delivery.
That's a good point.
That's actually a very sincere problem
because I don't think lizard care is high
on UPS standard practices.
Yeah, I mean the plans that you're going to be talking about
when waiting for your lizard delivery is,
I mean just one plan and it is a lizard funeral
because that won't survive that.
There's no way.
Unless it's being hand delivered by a guy
from the lizard store.
That's the only other way
cause otherwise if this thing's going through FedEx,
first of all, I don't want it to touch
all of the other packages in FedEx.
Sorry guys, we had to return everything to sender
cause it might've gotten touched by a lizard.
So throw it right in the garbage when it gets back.
Not only that, when the lizard store ships it to you,
they don't know what kind of wonderful twists and turns
the package is gonna take on its way.
It's just like, okay, we need to put 11 crickets in here
or whatever the fuck.
It's not a good idea.
Don't order lizards, folks.
Don't order a lizard.
There's plenty of farm fresh lizards
just waiting to be adopted.
Let's get the money's done.
And buy our own lizards.
Hell yes.
You know, I had two lizards growing up.
And for the life of me, I can't remember how I got them.
You did have two lizards.
Yeah.
Or where did they go?
I don't remember.
Well, I mean, they eventually died,
but I had them for like four years.
Of lizard-itis.
And I think that some kid just like gave me a shoe box
and was like, hey, do you want these lizards?
And I was like, yeah.
And as a credit to mom and dad,
they were like, I guess we're just a family
that has lizards now.
In fairness, they thought you'd kill them much, much quicker.
That is true.
I don't think they anticipated having to deal
with the idea of having lizards for quite so long.
So you were in middle school, right?
I believe so, yes.
So they were probably named Zanth and-
Maybe, actually.
That's quite possible, Griffin.
Hey guys, tell me about Trunk Club.
Trunk Club is a service which will,
you're gonna get a personal stylist, right?
Let me walk you through it.
You get a personal stylist.
What's their name?
You're gonna tell them, Durmbum.
And you're gonna tell them-
Take it again.
Kronzlum.
Take a third.
French Allure.
Take a fourth.
What's wrong with you?
Pinsky.
That's the best one yet.
Dan.
Pinsky Dan.
So you're gonna get a call from a stylist and you're gonna-
Hello, this is Pinsky Dan.
What kind of pants do you like?
Kronzlor, do we have slacks?
You're gonna get a call from a stylist.
They're gonna ask you what size everything is down there.
And the dick?
The dick?
Excellent, excellent.
Kronzlor, you'll never believe what he said about the dick.
What's your measurement around the town?
All kinds of measurements to them, both real and fictional.
And they're gonna send you some garments that you're going to love.
They're gonna ask you, what are you doing out in the town?
Professional, casual, fun, flirty?
What's your look?
They're gonna ask you your loin weight.
They're gonna send you a box of clothes and you're gonna try them on.
And the stuff you like, you keep.
The stuff you don't like, you ship right back to them in the aforementioned titular trunk.
And here's the thing.
If you live in Dallas, New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, DC, or Charleston,
you can just stop by one of their clubhouses and try stuff on and get pampered and feel real cool.
And you don't have to wait for them to ship stuff to you.
If you're not in there though, you can get started today at trunkclub.com slash my brother.
This isn't a subscription service.
You get clothes whenever you like them from your personal stylist.
And then you take five days to try everything on.
Returns are always free.
It could not be less stressful.
This is shopping without having to leave your home.
So go to trunkclub.com slash my brother and give it a shot today.
That's trunkclub.com slash my brother.
I would like to tell you about Bowl and Branch.
Just fucking do it then.
It's a new way to sheet.
Okay.
That's the slogan I'm going with for this.
We sleep on Bowl and Branch sheets and we also use Bowl and Branch bath towels.
And they've got like a whole other slew of stuff.
They got like duvet covers and blankets and that kind of thing.
And it's just, and no exaggeration, the most like comfortable,
softest sheets I've ever slept on, towels I've ever used.
When Teresa and I moved across the country, we had the sheets shipped to us
so we could use them right away.
And, you know, here's the thing.
They don't worry about thread count because thread count is a myth.
They just focus on having like a really great product
and using really wonderful materials.
There's no huge markup because they don't like do retail space or anything like that.
You get it at the right cost for the, you know, the right fit for you,
right price, all that stuff.
You can try them risk-free for 30 nights.
If you don't love them, send them back, get a refund, nothing to lose.
And for right now, right now, listeners of My Brother, My Brother and Me
can get $50 off of your first set of sheets by going to Bowl and Branch.
That's B-O-L-L-A-N-D-B-R-A-N-C-H.com and use the promo code MYBROTHER
to get $50 off your first set of sheets, Bowlandbranch.com, promo code MYBROTHER.
I want to tell you about Metal Energy, that's M-E-T-T-L-E, energy.
I want you to visit metalenergy.com and use the coupon code MYBROTHER
for 25% off your entire order.
What is Metal Energy?
Well, they sell energy drink mixes that cost as little as 45 cents each
and they come in flavors like sour blue raspberry, green apple and tropical cooler.
If you drink energy drinks or shots and don't buy these,
then you are overpaying on the reg.
That's dumb.
Don't be a dumb idiot with a stupid face.
I'm sorry to come at you so aggressive like this,
but this is the literal ad copy, which is what you are
if you don't treat your energy drink habit at metalenergy.com.
You're going to drink these energy drinks.
You're going to jump higher.
You're going to jump more.
You will be jumping more often than you do now.
I've tried these.
Have you?
Yeah, they sent some to me too.
They're great.
They taste really good actually.
Where's mine?
I didn't get any go-go juice.
What the fuck?
You should have taken some with you when you were at the house.
They know that I have my own natural energy, which is cocaine.
This message is for Justin, Travis and Griffin.
It's from Isaac and Isaac asks us,
how's that hundo treating you?
I'm assuming he's talking about the money that he paid for this Jumbotron
and to which I will say we don't get all of that
and then we split it three ways.
So I will buy some Arby's with it later.
Thank you for the Arby's, Isaac.
I appreciate that.
Thank you so much, Isaac, for your consideration and for not.
I mean, you know, folks, I can't tell you this enough.
It's your hundo.
Yeah.
Do whatever you want with it.
You know what I mean?
This is a good way to do it.
Just like, I like this.
This is essentially just like a bank transaction.
Hi everybody.
Hi Griffin, Justin and Travis.
My name is Isaac.
I have given you a hundred dollars.
This is, that is all.
Well, I like this because it's also, it's both generosity
and just a little susan of throwing it in our face.
Yeah.
Like here, take my money.
How's that treat you?
It treats me good.
Thank you, Isaac.
Thank you for your money.
I'm Jesse Thorne and I'm curious about Jonathan Van Ness
and his show, Getting Curious.
What were you most excited to learn something about?
I was really excited about the Romanoffs.
I was really excited.
Why were you so excited about the Romanoffs?
Well, because I've been obsessed with things listening to the episode.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
Because I've been obsessed with them since I was 11
from the movie Anastasia.
Jonathan, what's a baby brain?
It's a brain that's finally ready to explore.
Getting Curious, a show for your baby brain.
Download it wherever you get podcasts.
I have another question.
Sorry, some prankster is leaf blowing right outside my house
and it's like pretty good prank.
What a jokester.
Let me look.
It's Jamie Kennedy.
Oh man.
Blowing my yard.
So Trap, how do you think the episode is going so far?
You know, so far, so good, Justin.
I want a munch.
Squad, sorry.
Jamie Kennedy is just-
No, I'm not gonna do it when you set me up to be interrupted.
You don't get my squad.
Okay, well, Griffin, how you think the show is going so far?
Fuck you.
I want a munch.
Squad.
I want too much.
Squad.
Squad, Jack in the Box is making its first appearance here
on the Munch Squad.
That's amazing because they sell like tacos and spaghetti
in the same box.
Well, things are about to get even more confusing
because today we're not the Munch Squad.
We're not just the Munch Squad.
We're still the Munch Squad.
We're also the Brunch Squad.
Oh God.
Because Jack in the Box is launching a new level of
craveability with Brunch Fest.
Okay.
Now I know what you're saying.
No, fuck off.
You can't just-
It's Brunchner.
It's all the meals and you just get it shot into your face.
It ain't that far off.
Oh God.
But Jack in the Box has always served breakfast all day.
Not only that, fucking brunch already is the words.
Breakfast and lunch.
You don't need to get a fucking reprise there at the end
coming at you with the epilogue.
Okay, 1969 is the year.
A man named Jack introduces the very first breakfast sandwich.
And in 2013, they introduced Jack's Munchie Meals,
which is something else at late times.
I'm sorry, are you reading?
Are you, this is the worst press release I've ever heard.
Are you making this up?
Brunch Fest, Mary, what is Brunch Fest?
I know you're confused.
This is a first in the industry, according to the press release.
A first in the industry.
Brunch Fest, Mary, is the unique flavors of brunch
with the convenience and anytime availability
that guests can always expect from Jack in the Box.
What?
Then why, I am fucking furious right now.
Jack's Brunch Fest menu features items
that make brunch an everyday occasion.
What?
Guests can choose from three entrees,
including the bacon, egg and chicken sandwich.
What you got there is a toasted English muffin
with crispy chicken filet.
And then it's got bacon and cheese and bacon mayo
and a freshly cracked fried egg.
Hey, freshly cracked is a crazy way
of just making a fried egg sound delicious, excuse me.
Yeah, freshly cracked.
Mm, good, very good.
Good, I guess.
What's the alternative, sorry?
Yeah, we squeezed these down about a week ago.
Freshly unzipped from an individual Ziploc bag.
The brunch burger is a buttery croissant
topped with a juicy beef patty
and a freshly cracked fried egg.
Yeah, okay.
So you guys put egg on shit.
I have, go ahead and read the third option
and then I'm gonna yell and yell and yell
until I fall asleep.
Well, you got a Southwest scrambler plate.
That's scrambled eggs with roasted peppers,
diced green chilies, pepper jack cheese
and then served with homestyle potatoes.
Okay.
Hickory smoked bacon or sausage
and a buttery croissant.
I have excellent news for Jack in the Box.
I'm giving you a one out of three.
You barely skated by without getting a zero
because that is brunch, what you've just described.
It has breakfast and lunch elements in it.
When you put an egg on a burger,
it doesn't make it a breakfast time.
It shouldn't even be around breakfast time.
It's a fucking burger.
And it's certainly not deserving of having the word breakfast
in the name of the meal twice.
At the very least, what you've made is Le Brunch Unch
which is double lunch in the word, you big dumb animal.
That's fair because I don't know, maybe there exists
but brunch is like a thing now
with like a defined set of parameters.
It's not just putting an egg on something.
Like you can't be like, I made a catfish
and I put a freshly cracked egg on it.
It's brunch now.
You can't pour gravy on Captain Crunch
and say, look, I did a brunch.
You didn't really do a brunch.
What you did was a crime sin.
But what does it matter to us?
We are not industry professionals
like Iwona Alter, Jack of the Box's vice president
of product marketing who says, and I quote,
brunch enthusiasts no longer have to wait
until the weekend to satisfy their brunch cravings.
Thank God.
With Brunchfest, we're giving our guests 24 seven access
to the distinct craveable flavors of brunch
whenever they want it and wherever the hunger strikes.
Hey, you motherfuckers.
If you eat brunch at any time other than brunch time,
it's breakfast or lunch.
It's one of the other meals.
You can't have brunch at 7 p.m.
Who are these people that are living such lives
of desperation where they say to themselves,
I would fucking kill for brunch food right now
but I don't know how to obtain it.
I need someone to deliver that to me
because I don't know how to get that experience at home.
I need someone to save me.
Justin, take it one step further.
They're then so desperate that they're just glad
there's an option like Jack of the Box
to fulfill their brunch craving.
That's, they just need it so bad.
Justin just sent a photo and I don't want to know.
I'm afraid.
You should look at it
because it's insane.
It looks like somebody stacked a meal on top of another meal.
It's like, yeah, the first time you hear the word brunch
when you are a child and your brain can't understand
how like ideas can compound into a bigger single idea
and you think like, yeah, we're gonna have brunch.
What does that mean?
You're gonna put like cereal on a burger?
It's like, no, no, you dumb idiot.
It's a whole different thing.
Jack of the Box has realized that childlike vision
of two meals that have combined in the worst possible way.
It's like if you were about to sit down
and enjoy a normal human breakfast
and then an all powerful toddler came into the room and said,
I wanna put my lunch in it.
Yes.
Like just, I wanna store my lunch in your breakfast.
And the thing about-
What these sandwiches look like to me
is like you wanted to make a sausage egg and cheese
and bacon sandwich, but you ran out of sausage.
So you just like grabbed a frozen hamburger patty
and you were like, now I'm a great chef
and I've invented a new food.
This is food that a very drunk person makes at 1 a.m.
If anything, it's dinner fist, a combination of dinner
and then wrapping all the way around a breakfast.
This is fourth meal, which is already another thing.
No, this is fifth meal, Griffin.
This is fifth meal?
This is something you have at four o'clock in the morning
and you don't remember you had and you eat breakfast again.
This is last meal.
Like let's be honest.
This is not, this is not, this is not the action
of a person who continues their existence.
This is not a meal you eat on purpose.
Brunch, there is no such thing as brunch food, right?
There are things that you eat at brunch
but you could also just eat that stuff at lunch or breakfast.
The reason brunch exists is because people like to have mimosas
and they like to have a good excuse for it.
If you are eating, you shouldn't eat brunch on a weekday.
You shouldn't.
I don't think you should be eating lunch on a brunch on a weekday.
It doesn't make sense.
You should be doing something else at 11 a.m.
Brunch is a way of telling your body like,
listen, you need a little extra sleep.
Here, here, big fellow, let me put you back down.
Here, let me fill you up with food
and now I'm gonna put some mimosas in you.
Oh, look in that warm sun, isn't that nice?
Oh, that hammock looks inviting.
Boom, you're out.
See you on Monday.
These are not the actions.
That's not a midday break.
You can't recover from brunch and go back to work.
I spent so much time looking at this picture you sent,
looking at the bad food on it
and I just looked at the top part of it
where it has the word brunch fist written out
and I'm just fucking angry again
because who the fuck do you think you are?
It's the dumbest thing I've ever seen.
But it's craveable and it's 24.
No, it's not even a little bit craveable.
It's highly craveable.
They wouldn't lie, they can't lie about it.
I'm gonna, there's a jag in the box around the corner.
It is sadly the like nearest fast food place to me.
Sometimes when I'm desperate,
I'll go there and get one of their fajita wraps
or whatever, it's okay.
I wanna go and I wanna buy these
and then I wanna take the cashier with me
who hands me the things
and go with them into the bathroom
and make him watch me put it in the toilet.
I'm a little, I mean, maybe I'm just feel differently
about this because I don't have a jack in the box
anywhere near me.
So maybe it like exotic fruits.
Yeah, I can't, I'd have to go to Cincinnati,
I think to get into one.
I have a Yahoo here, can I read it?
Yeah, please.
It was sent in by game recognized game Rachel Roseng.
Thank you, Rachel.
It's by Yahoo answers user.
It's just guys, the name is just smoke weed.
Cool.
They say, can't get into TV series slash movies
because I know they are just acting.
Anytime I watch an interesting TV series,
I may get into it for about a couple of minutes
before the thought of them just memorizing some script
and standing in front of a camera pops into my head,
especially during those scenes
where a character is not supposed to know
the other characters stole something of theirs
or something like that.
And they act like they don't know.
But since they are acting, they really do.
Is anyone else like this?
Is there any way to avoid this?
Well, now I am.
Damn it, you've poisoned the well.
Everybody was talking like,
oh, you gotta watch Westworld, Westworld's so tight.
You gotta watch it.
And I was like, I turned it on
and I watched it and for a few minutes,
I was like, okay, okay, okay.
But then after a while, I was just like,
that's just Anthony Hopkins.
That's just Anthony Hopkins.
Nice try.
And somebody's like, the robots are getting all shitty
out there.
And he was like, oh, no, I can't believe it.
And it's like, you did know it, Anthony.
You read the script for this, I bet.
Not only that, it's one step further for me, Gervan,
because I look and I see it,
it's Anthony Hopkins acting on the screen.
But then I think, you know, like 10 feet
right in front of Anthony Hopkins,
just behind the camera,
there's some dude like eating a bagel at craft services.
They're not in Westworld at all.
No, they're not.
They're just in some building
where they make TV shows.
And like, upstairs from that,
there's a guy taking a 10-2,
and he had a bagel sandwich earlier.
And then like down the hall from that,
there's just like a woman,
like just doing the accounting for the show.
Yeah.
I wish I was a director in Westworld,
because I would love to like,
yell cut after Anthony Hopkins finishes acting.
It just would be like, mm, good acting.
Like just really tell him like,
man, you acted so good in that one.
I thought you were that person for like a second.
Well, yes, thank you.
But then I didn't, of course,
because you're Anthony Hopkins,
and you're just reading.
But like, sorry, Anthony,
that was pretty good acting.
I'm just gonna go ahead and lay it out there.
Thank you for doing that so good on my TV show.
This is now an all-encompassing thing for me.
I watched the new Mission Impossible,
and I watch it,
and I'm not enthrilled by like a story of spy work and intrigue.
I'm just thinking like,
this seems dangerous for Tom.
I don't want Tom to be doing this.
I want to see him in the cocktails too.
I don't want him to be in-
That's actually a fair point,
because Tom does a lot of his own stuff.
Tom does most of his own stuff,
and it's like, no, no, no, I don't.
I can't even watch a Jackie Chan movie anymore,
because it's like, I'm cool cop, cool too,
and I have a magic tuxedo.
It's like, you're not, you're Jackie Chan,
and please, you're like 60, don't.
Please don't hurt, you're so brittle.
Don't.
You know, I watched the new Star Trek movie,
and I just thought the whole time,
they're not even in space.
This isn't real.
They don't have laser guns,
and I screamed that the whole time.
I was asked to leave.
That's why you're gonna,
you're all really gonna like the My Brother, My Brother Me show,
because everything that happened on it, happened.
Yeah.
It all happened.
It's all real.
It's realer than like any reality TV show that's ever been,
because I was there for all of it, and it all happened.
Yeah, no movie magic.
Guys, I'm on Yahoo.
Different ad.
McCarthy's gone.
The real reason Mike and Molly was canceled,
and then a picture of Mike and Molly.
What the fuck's, click through.
It's E Online again, same thing.
What the fuck are you guys, what's your ad campaign
about the death of Melissa McCarthy?
Because it sucks.
It is a different, discreet, dead Melissa McCarthy ad.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Why does E Online hate Melissa McCarthy so much?
And why is Yahoo like, another good ad, bring them on in.
Melissa McCarthy's mom is on Yahoo.
How do you think that feels for her?
She's just trying to figure out like,
how to get a frog out of her butt,
or whatever people on Yahoo answers are doing.
And then she sees that her daughter died?
Yeah.
Griffin, what kind of things have you been searching?
What kind of cookies do you have that like algorithms are like-
Just like the usual stuff.
Like the cast of Mike and Molly, comma, but dead.
Oh, that was, what the fuck, dog?
I bet if you buy a lizard on Amazon,
your cookies are irredeemable.
You're not gonna know what to do with those cookies.
Yeah, for sure.
I can't watch Mike and Molly,
because it's like, these two people are in love.
But I can't, because they aren't.
Because it's Melissa McCarthy and whoever Mike is.
And they're not, I know they're not.
What I like to do,
is I like to suspend my disbelief so very hard,
that then I start to worry that the show
will come to a crashing halt,
when they realize someone has planted a camera in their kitchen,
to watch them like have hilarious banter.
Oh shit.
And they'll see the camera and become horrified,
like someone's been watching us the whole time, Debra.
Oh my god.
And it would go, like it would get so terrifyingly real.
What if in the last season of Mike and Molly,
they realized it was a TV show,
and that their lives were a TV show,
and the whole last season is just about them,
like truman showing the whole thing out.
God, that's fucking good, please.
I've never wanted to watch Mike and Molly,
even with 1% of my being.
Melissa McCarthy has the juice to get that done.
She has got like, I'll come back for one more,
but strap in, because it's getting weird.
It's gonna get fucking Roseanne weird in here.
We're gonna Roseanne the shit out of this, you guys.
Let me ask you guys a question.
Do you think there's ever been a TV show or movies that was real?
Do you mean like it was...
I mean, I get that it's all like,
that's Anthony Hopkins up there,
and he's reading words that the HBO writer gave him to say,
and he says them really, really cool,
and he says them like, sometimes he says them really sad,
he is having the feelings that the words,
the person who in the story would be saying the words,
but it's Anthony Hopkins just reading the words
in a specific way, right?
I'm not fooled by Westworld,
but maybe one of the shows is a real show, or a movie.
If there was one show, Griffin, that you thought,
what's the most likely suspect?
I mean, probably one where it's a thing that really does it,
like Law and Order.
There really are cops and judges and stuff out there,
but I don't know.
What about Seinfeld?
Seinfeld, I think, was probably...
Well, again, it's hard to say,
because a lot of that was...
I would say I was down with that,
but then there would be the segments of Seinfeld
where he was doing stand-up comedy,
and it's like, but he really does do that.
That one gets too confusing.
I can't even start to unpack that.
Here's what I'd like to pause it.
I think the NCIS New Orleans,
starring Scott Bakula, is probably real,
because let me lay it out for you.
You're Scott Bakula.
You're a true professional, right?
You won't be on our podcast or on our TV show,
but you're a professional.
That only proves you're a true professional.
See above, true professional.
And you wanna learn about cop work, right?
So you're like, well, I better learn what a NCIS does
or what that's about.
I think it's something with crime
or the military.
New cops in the city.
New cops in the city with an S.
And so you're gonna learn all that cop shit, right?
Yeah.
You would probably occur to you that like,
if we're gonna be doing cop things already,
chasing perps, tracking down clues,
hunting up the leads,
if we're gonna be doing all this cop shit already, right?
Let's do it to real crime.
Yeah.
Let's just do it.
You're filming it already,
and I already am gonna learn how to do it,
cause I'm a consummate professional.
Like let's just do the crime and bust them.
Let's bust the perps.
I don't see why not.
I don't see why not.
There's too much crime in this city.
Let's just start busting it a little bit.
That's just like on cops.
I'm sure the inverse happened where they're like,
this is supposed to be real.
There are no crimes tonight.
Can we all pretend to do a crime, please?
Hey, can you call your cousin?
They would just make a PA get like really drunk
and take their pants off and walk down the street
and then film them arresting him.
I have a theory for a show that is real
and I'm still formulating the logistics of it.
Sounds like it's still percolating.
It's still percolating,
cause you can tell when I take pauses
in my sentences like this,
that's where I think my little thoughts
to get it together.
But I think the TV show that I know now,
cause I finished the thought is real,
is Dinosaurs.
Okay.
Okay.
Cause here's a list of reasons.
First of all, as far as I know,
there's no actors.
Only dinosaurs.
Sure, found footage.
The things that happened in Dinosaurs,
we weren't there, right?
Like people weren't there.
So it could have been happening.
And then at the end of the show,
the ice age happens and that is,
sorry guys, but read a history book.
That's how it happened.
They deleted it,
but every episode on the original broadcast,
if you remember,
everyone used to begin
with a very official looking scientist
who said I have been setting dinosaur fossils
for my entire life.
And as near as I can tell,
this is how it went.
As near as I can put together from fossils,
it will look something like this.
Hi, I'm Neil deGrasse Tyson.
No, see-
I've put together all the information
I could about Dinosaurs.
Please do enjoy.
If there was a character on Dinosaurs
who is just like a caveman
played by Greg Kinnear,
I would see that and be like,
well, this is bullshit.
This is bullshit.
That's just Greg Kinnear.
And he's got a beard on,
but he's just reading what they told him to say.
Dinosaurs didn't have that.
It was all just Dinosaurs without actors.
So like without that,
who knows?
That's all I'm saying.
Do you want to know a true- this is a shocking but true fact.
Okay.
Family Matters is, of course, not real.
It's the many actors performing.
No, that's Reginald Val Johnson.
He was in the Die Hard movie.
Exactly.
But Griffin, did you know
that what it is is a shot for shot remake
of the Winslow family home videos.
So while it's not the real footage,
they just made a TV show based off of it,
but it is shot for shot,
line for line, exactly the same.
Of the Winslow family.
Yeah, but they just had actors portray the Winslow family.
I just went to IMDb to search for dinosaurs
to find the names of the dinosaurs
that played them in Our Real Dinosaurs.
And the lead story on IMDb is
the Stranger Things cast in and out of costume.
Hey, IMDb, that's disgusting.
These are children.
Let's wrap up.
What do you think?
Yeah, I'd love to do that.
I really wanted to take some more time
exploring Travis's theory that Family Matters
is based on the home videos of a real family
living in Chicago named the Winslows.
We'll let the message words fill all that in, Griffin.
Excuse me.
Did you realize that the mom on Dinosaurs
was played by Jessica Walter
of fucking Arrested Development and Archer fame?
You just fucking ruined it for me then
because she's not, wait, and what do you mean?
And what do you mean she played the dinosaur?
What I'm saying is that
she's been a dinosaur this whole time.
I don't, that's mean, I think, to say
about she's absolutely perfect and wonderful.
I don't think it's cool to say she's-
She's been a human looking dinosaur
I think that's actually kind of a busted thing to say.
Maybe don't, maybe we shouldn't espouse that.
What?
Okay, so where did they go?
That's a good question.
Hmm, huh, guess I turned it around on you.
Where did dinosaurs go?
No, Justin, that's a great point.
Where did the dinosaurs from Dinosaurs go?
Where'd they go?
Why aren't they doing more stuff?
I saw Jurassic World and there's that one scene
and you can just barely see fat dad dinosaur in the background
and he's got his little briefcase.
I love it.
Flannel?
Flannel dad, yeah.
Yeah, I bet those dinosaurs every day
like just cross their talons and hope
for like a new Flintstones live action movie.
I did see on BuzzFeed you won't believe
what the baby from Dinosaurs looks like today
and he had like the goatee and what all.
Yeah, I remember that.
The real shame was when Spikey had done dinosaur
when he robbed that liquor store and he went to dino jail.
Yeah, where I guess he is-
He's out now, he's totally clean.
Good.
It's worth noting that that's what Travis calls museums.
This has been our show, my brother and me.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself and had a great time.
This has been an hour of us pretending,
just doing make believe television talk
for literally 62 minutes.
Hey, I've got a fun thing for you tomorrow.
So if you are a owner of the PlayStation 4 console,
we're in a video game.
There's a game coming out on PSN tomorrow
called 100 Foot Robot Golf.
It is not just a VR game,
although you can play with PlayStation VR
is also a regular ass PS4 game.
And it's a golf game with giant robots
and we're the commentators in the game.
So if you wanna play golf,
but you wanna have us saying somewhat related things
to the golf action on the screen-
Sometimes.
Then that would be the one that you should get.
Not any others, that's the one.
It's also really, really fun.
I got to play a little demo version of it.
Super fun, along with golf,
your robot just like destroys a bunch of shit
and has special moves and it's ridiculously fun.
I love it very much.
I wanna thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song.
Is it a partial off the album, Putting the Days to Bed?
It's a really, really great song and a really good album.
I've been putting together a Spotify playlist
of like all the tunes I was bumping in college.
I was feeling nostalgic for it.
And just like, it's basically I just added
three Long Winters albums to a Spotify playlist
and that's about it.
It's a really good band.
I hope everybody's tried listening to it already.
I also wanna thank Maximum Fun
for having us on their network.
You can go to maximumfun.org
and go listen to a bunch of really great shows,
stuff like Beef and Dairy Network and Throwing Shade
and One Bad Mother, so many good shows,
all at maximumfun.org.
If you like the stuff we do,
we have a ton of other podcasts and YouTube series
and you can find all of our contact info
and all that stuff at mackroyshows.com.
I wanna say thank you to everybody for listening.
You know what I mean?
Like we appreciate all of you and you're all great.
And I wanna thank Christine Kelly
who sent in this final Yahoo.
Thank you, Christine.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Cone who asks,
can you please just admit
that George Washington didn't exist?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
My brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
And woke.
Or maybe you find yourself
constantly explaining terms like these
and you need a place to vent.
Do you have a love for all things pop culture,
social commentary, and politics?
Sounds like you need Minority Corner.
Where you can learn, laugh, and play.
Sounds like blues clues.
Only it's more black, gay, and ladylike.
James and Anika will happily administer
your weekly dose each and every Friday.
You can listen on Maximum Fun
or wherever you get your podcasts.
Minority Corner.
With a K.
Cause the C was taken.
