The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
No prep, just go. This is that ice cold Michelle Pfeiffer, that white gold.
This one's for them. Why did we practice? Why did we practice, Justin?
Griffin, your part's down. No, I'm just doing the dance.
No, do it. Do the song. I gotta do the dance.
Okay, let's take it from the top. Griffin, you just edit all this out, yep.
Yeah, you'll clean it up. Just go, just go, just go, just go.
I'm fucking feeling it, I'm fucking hot. This is the- oh no, let me try again.
Yeah, please don't start in that key. Yeah, I don't think we can-
This here, that ice cold Michelle Pfeiffer, that white gold.
This one's for them hood girls, them good girls, straight masterpieces.
Smiling- Boop, boop.
What? Oh fuck.
I said that way. Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
Griffin, you swore you weren't gonna do auto- Hot time, summer in the city.
Mash up, like Gungli. With your head down over your pieces, brother.
All right, listen. It's a track, it's a bore,
it's really, it's a pity I'm locked to a name I call the police and a fireman.
All right. Wait, hold on.
Are you just doing a secret world of Richard Scarry or whatever,
the busy world where you're just describing different professions someone could have?
The secret world.
Don't believe me, just one night in Bangkok with-
Oh, that's fucking good.
That's good, right?
Don't believe me, just one night in Bangkok- You listening, Rocky Horror?
Hi, welcome to My Brother, My Brother and Me.
If Justin's not gonna say it, I guess I fucking will.
It's an advice show for the modern era. I'm your young-
And a musical mashup, and a musical mashup.
I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
This is Stop Podcasting Yourself. Thank you for listening to Stop Podcasting Yourself.
I'm Graham.
And I'm Jordan Morris, boy detective.
And I'm Marc Maron. Welcome to What If.
Is that not how you pronounce it?
I've always been curious how you pronounce it, because there's no vowels.
Is it just what if?
Hey, as long as it's not gonna be any kind of cohesion in this introduction at all,
I wanna abandon this Yahoo!
Because I'm just looking at it right now, and I think it's too mean for us to do,
and it's by Level 9000 Yajur Jujur Davenport.
And then the question, which is from Yahoo Answers user Dan,
is what is Lou Bega's net worth?
And I thought that would be like a front closer.
I thought it'd be a front closer, but then I decided it'd be too mean.
Until there's that cough button.
Justin, why did you buy a fucking cough button if you're not gonna use it?
All right, let me just cough again.
I can still hear it a little bit.
It sounded like he just got blasted through a wall behind a mattress.
Anyway, I did look it up on CelebrityNetWorth.com,
and it says he's worth a milli still.
So that's pretty good, I think.
I would think that to be on Celebrity Net Worth,
that's like probably the de facto setting.
Yeah, what if you clicked on him and it was just like 10 bucks?
When they launched that site, that's probably what they put in for everybody.
And then they're just like,
"'Cause I don't know, probably like a million dollars."
This is their Y2K, you know?
If anyone drops below a million dollars,
the computer wasn't designed to handle that.
Gang, it goes a way lower than a milli.
Significantly lower than a milli, yeah.
Who's the famous person with the lowest net worth?
That should be tracked on there, right?
Like the poorest-
You should be able to search lowest to highest.
I just wanna see who we could get on the show for like a C note.
This is an advice here for the modern era.
I'm Errol's brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
Francis McDormand is worth $10 million.
Way to go, Francis.
Keep up the great acting.
What about French Stewart?
Good question.
Griffin, search my name.
Yeah, I'll search Travis McElroy.
Says you're worth half of a pack of Starburst.
That seems low.
I've got three quarters of a pack sitting right here.
Somebody needs to update this.
Well, you also have to factor in the debt.
Oh no, I ate three of them.
They were right.
They were right all along.
This is an advice show for the modern era.
Don't believe me?
Just watch.
Brothers, I broke up with someone last year
that I was with for two years.
It's been great.
Because they were kind of a creepo.
For example, when I broke up with him,
they told me about a fetish I unknowingly fulfilled
for them during our relationship.
Cool, cool, cool.
How the fuck can you not tell us what it is?
Yeah, I'm holding you personally responsible
for not telling us what it is.
I'm gonna say dollhouse play.
And I don't even know what the fuck that is.
Yeah, Griffin made that thing up that doesn't exist.
It's where you pretend to be characters from dollhouse.
Oh, good.
Yeah, with all the great character names I remember.
The only problem is there are a few things of mine
I'd like back and I have some of their things too.
It was a long distance relationship
so I can't go to their house to demand my things back.
They blocked me on Twitter and Facebook
so I can't contact them there.
I also deleted them from my phone
because I'm a giant dingus.
Should I make a new account
on either the sites to contact them
or would that be creepy?
That's from Ify in Indiana.
What is this stuff?
What is this stuff?
How good could this stuff be?
How good is this stuff?
I included this question
because it gave me a brilliant business idea.
How good?
That there should be like kind of like repo men
or like movers, a company,
like a third party company
that you could hire to handle the exchange of goods
left over at someone's house after you've broken up.
Homie, you're talking about a divorce lawyer.
No, no, no.
I mean like this is like somebody who just,
almost like who's the person who delivers the summons,
who delivers court documents
and they are always-
I think it's the high magistrate.
Yes, but just somebody whose job it is to like roll up
and be like, hey, Debra sent me
to get like her angel DVD box set
and like her favorite hooded sweatshirt.
Please don't make this more difficult than it has to be.
Okay, I don't think it's a bad idea conceptually.
Problems with it though include
if the person denies that they have it,
then what is like,
does that have to be arbitrated before
or is this person gonna have the full lethal force?
A full blown dog, the bounty hunter,
cavity surge like you got those DVDs at angel up you.
I know it.
I can see them right there fucking out of your butt.
You can't hide any Joss Whedon DVDs from dog.
You'll sniff them out no matter where they are inside you.
I just think that like, if you think about all this,
this happens all the time where people are like,
I don't care about the breakup,
but I miss like my favorite whatever.
Yeah.
I feel like this could be an even exchange
because they say I have some of their stuff too.
So this is like a same time, you know,
like you give me that, I'll give you this.
It's a one in one out exchange with the third party
like kind of handling so you don't have to see anybody.
There's some English on this ball
that I'm trying to come to terms with.
And it is if the, so the other person's a creeper
and if the question asker had ended up with their stuff,
I would have been like, that is your,
that's just their fee, you know what I mean?
Like you get that stuff for putting up with
what sounds like just sort of their whole
weird garbage demeanor.
And then congratulations, you've,
you earned that series DVDs of Angel
and then that's on them.
But for them to take the shit
and be a garbage demeanor creeper,
then that's doubly bad.
And I think it's time to stick the dog on them.
I think so too.
We can definitely agree that you should not see
this person in person, right?
Ever again.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, listen, and I don't have a problem
with the fact that someone has a fetish.
I want to make that clear before I make this next sentence,
which is the type of person that during a breakup
will be like, hey, by the way,
hey, I just want you to know
that like during that whole relationship,
you were doing this.
It's like, hey, time and place.
Like, yeah.
Well, yeah, the time is the zero death,
heat death of the universe
and the place is the garbage can where you live.
There's another, there's another danger though.
What if you know right now,
because of the space of time and distance,
like literal space, that this person is a creep.
But what if when you see them in person,
uh oh, here you come again.
No.
Just when I began to get myself together,
you hear birds and you're just like back.
Justin's not far off.
Thank you, Travis.
Whenever someone's like, I deleted them off my phone,
I deleted all this stuff,
that always to me sounds like someone going,
I was afraid like I would have won too many beers
and start texting them.
Or alternatively, the shit was so toxic
that you don't even want to see their fucking name anymore.
That's also possible.
Which is the other alternate like possibility.
Like, which makes,
which makes my service all the better, Griffin.
I think make a new,
I think make a new email account or whatever,
a new Twitter or whatever, a new Facebook or whatever,
and just call it like Dog the Bounty Hunter 2,
give me my fucking stuff back, Mark.
Like, I don't think there's any problem with that message.
I'm like, hey, don't block this account.
Give me my shit back.
I'm gonna call the dog,
I'm gonna stick the dogs on you.
This is your only warning.
Yeah.
Maybe, or maybe you just like cut out the middleman
and you go to their house
and you nail a single like board to their front door.
And when they open up their front door,
they see this board and what's on that board,
it's a bloody paw print.
That's right, motherfucker.
Here come the dog.
The dogs are sniffing at you.
Dog, he's sniffing.
He's sniffing around the dog.
How about Yahoo?
Yeah, this one was,
can I just say Zoe Kinski sent in a million this week
and they were all fucking stellar
and we need to come up with a new name for her.
Somebody suggested Zoe Kinski, top of that ladder.
That's not, it's bad.
Top of the food chain?
What about this?
Zoe Kinski, top of the world.
Riding high.
Riding high, Zoe Kinski.
Riding high is very good.
Let's do it.
Zoe Kinski, riding high.
Thank you, Zoe.
It's by Yahoo Answers user,
a stranger.
Oh, no.
Who asks?
At least it's uh and not the.
Yeah, my girlfriend lives in Tokyo.
Is a body, no, she doesn't exist.
She doesn't.
Is a body pillow with my picture on it
as a Christmas gift weird or cute?
Okay, so we've been dating a year now.
She was a foreign exchange student to America.
She doesn't exist.
And she left back to Japan.
She didn't need to book a ticket
because non-existent people don't need to
for at least nine months a couple months ago.
Uh, I was thinking I would get her a body pillow
and a custom print pillow case.
The pillow case would be,
the pillow case would be,
what, sorry, go ahead.
Do your thing.
I just, no, I want,
it's important that I say this now.
As much as I always love further details
in Yahoo questions,
if this person does not think
that after the initial question,
we had a perfect fucking crystal clear
technicolor image of every moment of their entire,
I feel like I've watched Ken Burns' This Dude
like over the past eight hours.
It's like a sci-fi episode of a show
where like you see the entire like lifetime play out
and then the person wakes up
and it's all been like an implanted memory
and they're still like 23.
That's how I feel about this person.
I've lived this person's life
through the headline of this question.
It is the for sale baby shoes.
I was gonna say that literal exact thing.
Weird.
Of Yahoo answers.
I get all of it.
Okay, the pillow case would be a picture of me
with a white background on one side,
completely non-sexual by the way,
no nude or suggestive images
and probably a pic of Mammoth Mountain
with us in the distant background on the other side
since it might be tacky to have a life-size pic of me
on display at all times.
Additional details.
She is also a pillow.
That's weird, right?
The idea of like,
and now a scenic tableau of that trip we took once
to go up with that.
Anyway, and the last thing-
Because I couldn't decide between a pillow
and one of those digital photo frames.
Yeah, the last thing I'll do
is put in a cheapo voice recorder.
You really don't wanna splurge on this.
With my voice recorded saying good night or I love you.
Something along those lines.
It's supposed to be a little thing
to help her feel less sad when she goes to bed
since I know we both miss being under one roof.
Anyway, I just wanna get some people's opinion on this gift.
Let's hate the sin, not the center
in this particular question.
I think like-
I got it, Griffin.
I've got the best,
like the first thing that clicked into my head was this.
And this, I wanna be 100% explicitly clear,
this is sin.
I haven't figured out which one yet,
but it's definitely in-
Idolatry.
Probably, yeah.
But the problem here is that
this is the type of president that if-
This is the type of president-
Wait, what?
Now just keep signing Ted Cruz.
This is the type of president
that if you are uncertain enough to turn to Yahoo,
the answer is no.
Especially when you include a cheapo voice recorder in it.
I gotta ask something that I've had to ask you
like a disappointing number of times lately.
And is that funny?
Is that gonna be a funny thing to go down?
The answer, if the answer is no,
then we can't talk about how we could tweak this
and twerk it and take it to the fucking body shop
and get it going so right.
We can't take it to West Coast Customs-
Well, let's reshape it.
If pillow isn't the answer,
what other thing could you put your face on
that now becomes like a slam dunk 100% most definite swish?
Let me hit you with this.
What do you think about this?
A dinner plate.
Then they finish up their meal
and it's just your face like,
how is that lasagna?
Good job.
Was that lasagna?
Good job, sweetie.
My clean plate girl.
Good job, spaghetti.
Good job, spaghetti girl.
It's our baby.
Babe, it's our favorite meal.
Good job, spaghetti.
We would eat it together under the same roof together
and I would watch it just,
by which I mean,
I would just sort of hold it up
and drop it right on the floor
because you're a specter of my imagination.
You can't put it on her car
because then everybody's gonna think
she works for a Dylan delivery service.
That's no good.
That's my favorite Studio Ghibli movie.
It was next to my neighbor Dylan
and Dylan dillined away.
Did you hear about Deborah?
Yeah, she got dillined away.
Her fucking parents ate Dylan's snacks,
turned into pigs,
which made her work in a bath shop.
It sucked.
It dillined away.
Beautiful, beautiful film though.
It was beautiful.
Beautifully shot.
And also Dylan in Madagascar.
Was that one of his joints?
They did Madagascar.
I did Kung Fu Panda 3.
Is it, maybe it's something where you cut out-
Dylan spickable me?
Okay, sorry.
Maybe you just get one of those big head cutout things.
You put it over her bed on the ceiling.
Yes.
So as she goes to sleep,
you're just looking,
you're looking over her,
protecting her in the night times.
And she'll just think about how it looks
like some sort of demon has lifted you up to the skies.
Oh yeah, the look on your face
will need to be one of horror.
Yeah, if you could make it so that
just like a single drop of blood
comes out of that weird ceiling body
that you put up there like every 20 minutes or so.
I would say every four hours
because that's enough where you're gonna forget.
That's gonna be really upsetting.
Like, here's that, there's that cough button.
Can I say if you draw attention to it?
But Justin, before you hit the cough button,
you're going,
okay, so I should hold it in for all that.
It's a fucking dubstep drop.
Like, I'm proud of you.
I think the audience is happy.
Well, I edit those fuckers out.
So like, I'm the happiest,
like about the situation that is possible.
But I think it's like an inner,
it's an important new cast member on the show.
It's Griffin, Justin, Travis, and Coffee.
They're not, Coffee's a thing, but.
Yeah, Coffee's been a part of this show for a long time.
Wheeze, Wheezebo.
He gets all the wheezing out.
What if, can I suggest this?
What if you put your face on a coffee mug?
What if you put it inside the coffee mug
at the bottom of the drink?
So you finish it and there's just like a speech bubble
like, you're ready to go.
I got a better idea.
How's your day?
Here's to pick me up.
What if you made it so that you get
like a ceramic recreation of the top of your head
and you sort of put it parallel
with the drink hole on top of the cup
so that it looks like the cup opening
and hole of the coffee cup
is a gaping, giant, grotesque mouth of yours.
And then it's like you're barfing
that good brown energy liquid
just right into her mouth like a baby bird would do.
I've said all that and it was a bad idea.
Yeah, that's all right though.
There's no bad ideas in brainstorming, Griffin.
You're right.
But that was.
Sometimes you don't know what's gonna be good or bad
until you get it out there.
You gotta throw the coffee mug at the wall
and see what sticks.
Did I say that I maybe described it wrong?
Could you visualize it good like I was saying?
It was like a person's mouth was the opening.
Yeah, like it would be like a clown at a mini golf.
No, yeah, that was clear.
And then every time, but I want you to envision
every time you take a drink of that cup
you're like confronting getting very close face to face
with your boyfriend almost like he's challenging you
with every sip as you lift his face to greet your own.
That was actually, that was the fetish
from the first question.
Shit.
Baby birding.
Can I read a question?
Yeah.
Okay, because I really like this one.
Welcome to the big show.
I hope I don't blow it.
I recently went to a liquor store
and bought a magnum of wine to last me the week.
On the walk home, I stopped in the grocery store
and proceeded to drop the full magnum of wine
which proceeded to shatter and spill out on the floor.
I quickly got someone who works at the store
to let them know and then walked out feeling embarrassed.
As I walked home though, I started to feel guilty
that I seemingly walked into a store,
smashed the bottle and then walked out.
Brothers, should I have waited while they cleaned up
or offered to help in some way?
And that's from No More Wine in New York.
Um, oh man, what a fun situation.
The worst.
Why did you, it's weird, the weird thing to me,
I guess New York, like, they don't have grocery stores
in New York, so you have to go to like Jim's Ham Depot
and get your ham and then you have to go to the,
to the root vegetable depot and a lot of depots.
Um, so you do have to like stop in like 16 different
discreet places just to like get the components
of a single meal.
Um, because to me, it's, it's weird to think like,
oh, I bought a big bottle of wine.
Now it's time to go to the grocery store.
Big bottle of wine, now it's time to go take this
and me and my, my grapey buddy to a second location.
Um, that part is weird.
That part's weird to me.
Should you feel bad?
No, that's like their, that's their job.
But you should feel bad.
I, I, I hate this situation for you so much
because you bought what was supposed to last you a week
and you lost it in moments.
And like, that's so painful to me.
I, like, I-
You're sad, wait, you're sad because the wine died.
The wine died, Griffin.
That was gonna be their wine compatriot that was like,
hey, you and me for the week.
This is like my ration of wine and you lost it.
And like, you're not gonna get, you walked home in shame
and you're gonna punish yourself for the week
because you made like the stock boy clean up your magnum mess.
And I, ah.
Is there a similar situation?
Is there anything worse than breaking a glass
while you're at a bar or a restaurant and being like,
I made a, I made a uh oh.
Yeah, there is something worse.
Bringing a glass from another restaurant,
smashing it on the floor
because that's what this person did.
Yeah, but that's not, that's not theirs.
Like, if I, I would rather somebody came in my house
and like shattered some dishes that they brought from home
and do it to my own shit.
I, I, I went on a bunk, a bunk trike,
by which I mean a drunk bike.
They should call it that
because once you reach a certain point,
that's how you called it.
Um, I want a drunk, what's it called?
Like you get on a petty-
The Pedal Wagon.
Pedal Wagon, yeah.
And I got, went on a bar crawl
and we stopped at one place
that had a little arcade in the back.
And so me and a buddy were,
I put in some quarters to play some
Super Street Fighter II Turbo Championship Edition.
I was like, fuck yeah, here we go.
Almost as soon as I put the quarters in
and began my campaign as E-Honda,
I put my drink down on the NBA jam machine.
Not realizing that the console I put that on-
It's a sloped console.
It was at about maybe like a 60 degree angle.
It's not sloped, oh great.
And so my glass broke and I was torn
because there was broken glass on the floor.
It was a hazard.
But I'd just begun my game of Street Fighter II Turbo Edition.
What did you do?
I just-
Don't leave me in suspense.
I stood there.
Somebody came and cleaned it up.
It wasn't a big deal.
While you continued playing,
like you just like lifted your feet up
without looking at them
so they could sleep around your toes.
It was 50 cents.
It was two quarters.
Listen, I get it.
Uh, question after the next time this happens
and you drop it and it shouldn't happen again
and it shatters on the ground,
I want you to loudly announce
the Piggly Wiggly sends their regards
and then storm out.
I, uh, here, if this,
this is not necessarily a funny thing to say,
but it is the truth.
You couldn't have helped cleaned up
because they, I'm sure, have, uh-
Yeah.
Like insurance policies that do not protect them
if like customers get hurt in their store.
If you were cleaning up your own shit in the store
and then you got cut,
then that could be a lawsuit for them.
So they wouldn't let you help anyway.
And it would have been way worse
if you had just stood there watching them clean up.
That was the right thing.
That was literally the worst thing you could,
like that would be worse than kicking their teeth in.
Mop up my, mop up my, uh-oh.
Scrub my whoopsie.
Because if you take that a step further,
you're concerned if you're someone
who just seemed to walk in, smash a thing and leave.
It's way worse to be a person who walked in,
smashed a thing so they could watch others clean it up.
Like that's a way worse person to be.
Uh, okay. Um, I have a fucking great solution.
And this is a new thing that everybody can do.
Uh, anytime you want, okay?
You ready?
I'm gonna change this person's life and everybody's life.
Next time you do something that's like so embarrassing
that you think you're never,
like you make a huge mess in a place
or you like, you, you're like, like happen to this person,
you smash a bottle or whatever,
just run for the door.
And right as you hit the door, as you're about to leave,
shout, jackass four, coming to theaters next year.
Run out the door.
So anytime you bust your ass.
Bust your ass, you fall, you knock something over, whatever.
Point at a bush and say, did you get that?
Did you get it?
Point at a bush, say, did you get it?
Or like get your, uh, camera phone out
and act like you're like talking into it.
Like you're getting some like gorilla footage.
And then just shout, jackass four, come to theaters next year.
Yeah, you crash your car into another car.
You'd be like, ah, got you punked, season three.
I'm Johnny Canoxville.
And then you run away.
What's up, wild boys?
Fuck you and your Jeep, later.
I got you season four.
Bam's here, the whole team.
It's Bam town.
And then you run away.
Justin, I thought you were going to go a different way.
I thought we were on another like psychic link thing
where my idea was for situations like this,
where there is no good solution.
What if everybody just carried a bag of treats around with them
and then it's like their last resort, whoopsie bag.
And it's like, if you drop a bottle of wine
and somebody else has to clean it up
and there's no good, there's no good solution for this problem.
So maybe you just like reach in and you'd be like, fuck.
All right, well, listen, obviously I goofed up
and you're having to deal with it.
So what do you like?
Like a fun size Snickers.
I've got like little puzzles in here.
I've got super high bouncy balls.
I've got some home.
I got one of those, you know,
those little plastic homies that you could get
from the little gosh upon machines.
I got a couple of those if that's what you're into.
And I have one slimy hand left.
So which is it gonna be?
Which is it gonna be?
I would take the slimy hand if I were you
because that's like, you can get a lot of fun out of it.
You always gotta dig to the bottom to find the foam plane.
And it's never gonna be good.
Like, yeah.
But you love the idea of it
because it's like, oh, it's like a World War II fighter plane.
But it's gonna last you like 30 seconds in the real world.
It basically turns your life into one of those
hair redemption machines at Fantastic Sam's.
Yeah, boy, that's gonna be an extremely local joke.
Now there's Fantastic Sam's all over the fucking place.
But do they do the hair machine there?
They don't even do it at the Fantastic Sam's in Huntington.
They realized they were losing a ton of money on toys
and the hair was not covering the cost.
I still wish I could figure out how the fuck they did this though.
Just to explain it.
And no, don't, don't explain it.
Because if you don't know what I'm talking about,
it's gonna sound fucking wild.
It's gonna sound wild.
There was a little, okay, it was a box.
You can't pretend like you know how this shit works either.
There was a box where the TV was.
Right, and underneath that box, there was a flap, right?
Some sort of, almost like a cat door into this machine.
And then you open the machine and you throw your hair into it.
You like scoop up some of your hair off the floor
and you throw it into the machine.
And then something happens.
I don't, a wizard turns your hair into toys.
And then all of a sudden, there's a toy there and no more hair.
So don't piss that wizard off
when he's just like walking down the street,
like you bump shoulders and you're like,
watch it, loser.
And he's like, oh yeah?
Your fucking hair is Starbursts now, asshole.
Oh god damn it, not again.
Oh no, hey bro, your hair is homies.
Deal with it, idiot.
Maybe think about that next time
before you fuck with a hair lock.
I don't know if that was,
we'll probably get some good emails and tweets about that
to let us know if that was just a,
because they don't even do it there anymore.
Also, Fantastic Sam's,
this is something the women at Fantastic Sam's told me
that I was not aware of,
that all of the men and women
that worked at Fantastic Sam's had to use,
they couldn't use their own names.
So we're saying, you're telling me that Sonny at Fantastic Sam's
is not named Sonny?
Wait a minute.
Sonny works at Master Cuts.
And also too, they don't do this anymore.
But they used to not let people use their names.
Why?
Government.
Because they wanted it to be like a chain,
like a uniformity of experience.
So like they wanted you to not,
I mean that's like Dr. Fucking Who?
It's like a mantle pass from person to person?
Exactly.
I'm Batman.
Like what?
What are you talking, how could that,
what business, why would they do that?
Nobody else does that.
It's like you can't go to Taco Bell and be like,
yo David, where's David at?
Which one of you is David?
Because there's one in every Taco Bell.
Where's my Taco Bell Dave?
Is there a Dave here?
I also think though that it's like,
it's the, like they didn't want you to go open up your own,
like if you left Fantastic Sam's,
you could not take your customers with you
because they could never find you again.
So like if you leaned in and you're like,
my real name is Tom,
like all the other people would turn around,
sirens would drop from the ceiling,
he'd be dragged away.
Yes, right.
And a different David would come out
to finish cutting your hair.
I've always been David,
I don't know what you're talking about.
The sphere from the island would just like float over
and just consume them?
Nope, not crime.
Well, it's sort of like on Flavor of Love,
when the women would get evicted
from the Flavor of Love house,
they would lose their nicknames
and they would get their real names back.
Like they had to earn them.
Like as soon as they were eliminated by Flav,
they would no longer be like Stinkweave or whatever
their fake name was.
And they could be like Jillian again.
Oh man, you've just pitched a wonderful dating reality show
where it's all about them.
Yeah, it's called Flavor of Love, Travis.
No, no, no, imagine this where it's like
the 20 women and they're all trying to compete
to get kicked off so they can be free
and earn their names back and like return to their lives.
That is actually not too far.
That's actually pretty close.
Later seasons, especially.
Let's go to the Money Zone
so we don't have to kickstart this brave new
vision for reality television.
You need to know how to cook.
It's really important and it's really fun.
And I used to think that I had some vague idea
and that was before Blue Apron.
I've been using Blue Apron for almost,
I would guess a year and a half, maybe two years almost.
And it has taught me so much.
I know it sounds like I'm getting choked up
like it's the most moving thing,
but really it's just my throat hurts.
But for less than $10 a meal,
Blue Apron delivers all the fresh ingredients
you need to create home cooked meals.
You just follow the easy step-by-step instructions.
So even if you don't know how to cook,
it's so easy with pictures and everything.
What Justin said, no kidding.
I love cooking Blue Apron.
The meals are great.
And no matter what your dietary preferences,
they make it really easy to cook stuff.
What's in it this week?
Let me check.
I got it right here.
I got it right here.
What are we cooking?
Salmon with roasted Brussels sprouts and potato hash.
Fuck yes.
Now this is triple pork.
It's probably like Mazabon or something,
but it looks like Mazeman.
So I'm going to go with triple pork Mazeman
with garlic chives.
I think that's actually just Guy Fieri's like medicine name.
I'm triple pork Mazeman.
Last week they had curry chicken over coconut grits.
It was so awesome.
But like Justin said,
like the cooking that stuff is great
and the meals are great and they're really,
they're good for you.
And they also have vegetarian and vegan options.
But what Justin said is true.
Like I, even when I cook stuff,
not using the ingredients they send,
like I am better at cooking.
Like I understand the fundamentals of cooking
way, way, way, way better
because they teach you how to do it.
It's awesome.
It's so great.
Yeah.
So right now you can get your first two meals for free
at blueapron.com slash my brother.
That's blueapron.com slash my brother.
Blue Apron, a better way to cook.
I want to talk for a second about Squarespace.
They're sponsoring the show this week
and they are also the site at which I built mcroyshows.com.
And I cannot stress enough that going into it,
I knew basically nothing about website building.
I don't know anything about coding.
I don't know anything about the internet.
I don't know how computers work.
Travis thought that-
I don't know what eyeballs do.
Travis thought that your monitor was like digital paper
and every time you went to a website,
it printed it out somehow onto the monitor.
Just bit by bit, piece by piece.
But Squarespace is so user-friendly and intuitive
that after about 45 seconds, I was like,
oh, I get this.
And I was able to create a website
that people have just keep telling me
looks very professional and is really easy to navigate.
And it was so simple to do.
It took me about an hour to make a website
that I'm super proud of and does everything I needed to do.
And I'm able to continually update as we add new stuff.
And I think of new things to put on it.
And it's so easy, you guys.
I highly recommend it.
You can start a free trial today.
Just go to squarespace.com slash my brother
and kick off your experimentation on the worldwide web
because you should Squarespace.
Roslyn Ricketts, the moment has come
for us to pass a long message from Justin Sunset.
You didn't want to read their nickname?
You didn't want to give her a damn nickname?
Roslyn, quote, monster Ricketts.
Why would you read that?
That's so good.
It sounds like something that you get
if you don't eat vitamin D for like a super duper long time.
It's like after you get regular Ricketts,
you get monster Ricketts.
Roslyn Monster Ricketts, Justin Sunset has this to say.
I hope you get this in time to say happy 29th birthday
to the most amazing set of getaway sticks I've ever seen.
And I really hope you're up to date on your podcast backlog.
Otherwise, I'm at a heap of shit for not getting you a gift.
Thanks for putting that pressure on us, Shesto.
Well, don't worry because we didn't even come close to the date.
This one's on us.
Hey, Roslyn, I can't stress enough how great Justin thinks you are.
And this is our fault.
Well, this is on us, but I think we could actually put this on nobody
because it says if she's behind her back, her catalog,
she may not get to this until like fucking 2018.
And then it doesn't matter.
Right. The timeliness aspect has been lost entirely.
And you know what?
The thing is, is like well wishes and happy birthday.
It's good for the whole year.
Great point, Travis.
Except not, it's extremely timely.
Except not.
We really, we blew it.
We fucking blew it.
Got another message here and this one's for Julia Boolya.
And it's from Dad.
Dad's, my, is this planned?
No, this is just the universal like platonic idea of dad.
Oh, God. Okay. Dad says to Julia Boolya,
don't get me wrong.
I love my new job with Alcatraz Cell house tours,
but I'm so bummed that I had to cancel my trip to the LA podcast fest.
I'm glad you were able to use your ticket and see the brothers McElroy.
Thanks for texting the photo.
Why was Justin laughing so hard?
Love, Dad.
We'll never know.
Well, probably because Justin had him some crevasse and he drank it down smooth.
There was a little bit of mixology happening there,
but not as much as you maybe would have liked.
And yeah.
Depending on when you caught me at the LA podcast festival,
like I don't think I did a lot, did I?
Did I drink a lot?
It was just-
Would you say?
You, no, you were just stiff Bevin.
Okay.
I don't think you drink a lot,
but if I were to give you like a nickname for the day,
it would be Stiff Bevins.
Stiff Bevins.
I do want to say Julia taking pictures during the show was illegal,
so someone should be along shortly to confiscate that
and maybe take you in for some time.
Don't worry about it.
Thank you for your support.
Hi, my name is Stiff Bevins.
If you need a phone confiscated,
there's only one name to turn to.
Look it up in the yellow pages.
Or you can find me at Bob Evans.
Stiff Bevins Bob Evans.
It's a franchise spin-off.
Not that those exist.
You like steak?
Don't have it.
Got mashed potatoes.
I'll shape them into anything.
I'll make them into the shape of Robert Evans.
Come have the Robert Evans mashed potatoes
at Stiff Bevins' Bob Evans.
Oh, Justin's broken.
Let's be honest.
We live in a world with too much media.
You need a podcast on the front lines figuring out what's great.
We're here for you.
We're Pop Rocket.
I am Guy Branum.
I'm a comedian.
I'm Wynton Mitchell.
I call myself a digital strategist.
I'm Oliver Wang, academic and disc junkie.
Margaret Wappler, je suis as journalist.
And we watch, listen to, and read everything so that you don't have to.
And then we tell you about all the things that you'll love to love.
Find us in iTunes or wherever you download podcasts.
Find us in iTunes or wherever you download podcasts.
Pop Rocket, every Wednesday from MaximumFun.org.
I got another Yahoo here from Zoe Kinski.
Yahoo.
It's by Yahoo Answers.
Yahoo's going out of business, isn't it?
Are you worried this is going to be a nonrenewable resource?
Do we need to do a GoFundMe to buy Yahoo Answers?
I don't think, I think we could probably save Yahoo
if we just give them that sound clip of you saying Yahoo
at the beginning of the answer and then they can use it like the new,
you know how they used to do Yahoo, everyone hated that.
But if we do it, can you just break it off again for me?
Yahoo.
No, it wasn't as good the second time.
It's from Yahoo Answers user, something's gone wrong.
We will call them, Stiff Bevans asks,
can you cook and eat the beans from a beanbag chair?
From a beanbag chair?
Let me hit you guys with this idea.
I pause it.
When you cook a meat, you're not supposed to eat that meat raw.
Don't do that, you'll get very sick.
There's toxins in there.
If you cook it enough though, you can make anything,
you can cook the toxins right out of anything.
They used to eat their shoes in the Civil War.
Revolutionary War?
Probably both.
Probably, I think most wars,
probably somebody's gotten down on some shoe eating.
Times are tight in the trenches.
Can you cook and eat the beans from a beanbag chair?
I think if you blast them for long enough.
You know, the problem is, Kevin,
they're so worried about if they could,
they didn't stop to think about if they should.
I mean, they shouldn't.
No, Travis.
Because then what do you know?
But then when you sit on, you've cost yourself a chair.
Well, I don't think you need to take all of the-
Yeah, how many servings are in a beanbag chair?
Yeah, that's how they measure beanbag chairs is by servings.
I think that would be a big robust meal
if you tried to party down on a whole bag chair.
A sumo could feed a family for like a year.
I mean, it's all polystyrene.
I don't think you should eat that.
Is that like a saying?
It's all polystyrene to me, or what are you saying?
No, I mean, it's like, they're filled with polystyrene.
You probably shouldn't eat that.
Are you a scientist?
No, I'm not like a scientist.
Are you a nutritionist?
No, I'm not.
Are you a beanbagologist?
Yeah, really.
Okay.
Are you a fucking professional chef?
I want to, you guys want to hear a hilarious joke?
Kind of observational humor?
Yeah.
I was looking into, recently I had reason to look into
what beanbag filling is made out of.
And I found a listing for beanbag filling
that you could use to refill a beanbag chair.
But the thing about this beanbag filling is,
it comes in a bag.
So it's kind of like, let's cut out the middleman.
That's a really good little witty.
Kind of like a witty.
It's kind of like a little fucking slice of life.
Who's doing this?
Who's doing fucking beanbag rehab?
This episode of This Old Bag.
Next on Antiques Roadshow,
this beanbag is from the 18th century.
This is my pop pops bag.
A lot of stink memories in here.
This would have been worth upwards of $15,000
if you hadn't refilled it.
I don't think you guys got it.
So I'm going to try again.
Could you do it in more of a stand up voice, please?
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Do it more presentationally.
I think your energy was too low key.
Okay, can one of you guys intro me in?
Yeah, yeah, I got it, I got it.
Oh, sorry, you do it, Travis, you volunteer.
Okay.
Coming up next on our stage, Justin McElroy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Give it up.
Give it up for our man.
Give it up.
God, guys, wow.
Tell some fucking jokes.
This guy, hey, get this guy another drink.
Okay, listen.
Wow.
God, you know, as everybody.
Come on, do it.
Holidays are coming up.
We're warmed up.
Just go for it.
Holidays are coming up soon.
And man, how you guys doing out there?
We're doing good.
Who invited young Philip Seymour Hoffman to this, right guys?
Hey, be nice.
He's doing his best.
He's trying his hardest up there.
Be nice.
Yeah, so, bro.
We believe in you.
Don't listen to that guy.
Look at this guy over here in the front row.
He's like, can't wait for the jokes to start, right?
Yeah, good observation.
I'm just trying to have a nice night out with my wife.
Yeah, what's your name, sir?
Gregory.
Hey, Gregory, you ever get into bean bags?
No, I'm not.
I'm a 41-year-old orthodontist, so I just have regular chairs.
Who's this hot piece of ass you got with you?
My name's Charlene.
Hey, Charlene, what's up?
She's my stepmom.
Can we go?
Can we get up and leave?
Stepmom's so choice, dude.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
I'm flattered.
What were you saying about bean bags?
I love bean bags.
Yeah, Charlene, I'd like to take you to a bean bag.
Dude, you're so-
Oh, that's so nice of you.
Gregory, your stepmom's fucking juicy, dude.
I love it.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
You know, it's nice.
It's nice.
I don't want to be told that all the time,
but by a nice young man like this, I appreciate it.
Yeah, let's kill you.
No, you fucking got me with that, man, man.
You really got me with that one.
You really impressed me.
Let's get another G&T over here for Charlene.
Charlene, what's up?
Thank you.
You into bean bags?
I am.
Thank you for asking.
Cool, cool, cool.
Listen, I was shopping for like a bean bag.
I do a podcast with my brothers,
and we had a question about bean bag, the stuff in bean bags.
So I was looking up bean bag refills.
We've all been there.
Yeah, I figured out what's in them.
And I'm sorry, you're just fucking so hot.
I'm like, thank you.
I am feeling this.
We are vibing.
This is real.
Yeah, so like, they had a bean bag filling refill on there.
And but the thing is, it came in a bag.
And I'm like, can we just cut out the middle man?
Hey, this guy's choking over here.
No, that's just my laugh.
Oh, I've pissed myself.
Hey, this guy pissed himself, everybody.
That's hilarious.
That's my fetish.
Thank you.
Look at this guy.
He looks like Vanilla Ice's uncle.
Yes.
Yeah, embarrass me.
It's all this is a fetish meeting for the public embarrassment.
I think I think I'm just gonna go.
I don't care for bean bag based humor.
You're my ride.
So here's my here's my hotel key.
I'm staying at Dave's house.
Well, that's weird.
That's Dave.
Install hotel locks like on his personal residence or
now he's just cool.
Wait, which Dave?
I don't know where Dave.
You know what?
It doesn't matter.
I'm just gonna go home.
I got a long day at the office tomorrow.
I'm the president.
Oh, congratulations.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
What if I'm the fourth woman president?
Okay, well, I'm going to have a Terry.
Yeah.
Guys, guys.
Great skit.
Thanks.
And scene.
This has been our summer camp skit bug for you're the best.
Thank you for everything.
Here's another question.
I live in a two unit apartment building.
My neighbor recently knocked on my door because he had been locked out of his apartment.
I thought he wanted a place to hang, but he said my set of keys work on his door.
But not to worry because his keys don't work on my door.
Does that mean he's been trying to get into my apartment?
Does this give me the right to casually check out his place?
I was able to let him into his place as his apartment key is the same building
as the building, same as the building's front door.
What?
Hold on.
Okay.
So you're in an apartment building.
Your neighbor knocked on the door because he had been locked out of his apartment.
I thought he wanted a place to hang, but he said my set of keys work on his door.
Not to worry because his keys don't work on my door.
Does that mean he's been trying to get into my apartment?
Yes.
Does that mean he can just casually check out his place?
I was able to let him into his place as his apartment.
No, no, you can't go into somebody's house.
You can't go into someone's home.
That's not even the colonel that I locked.
This gentleman knowingly like lives in an apartment that apparently anyone in this
building can go into and he's just accepted that as fact.
No, it's a prisoner's dilemma thing going on here, okay?
There's only two of them in the building.
There is a key that works on the front door of the building and that key is the same lock
configuration as this dude's apartment, right?
So, but he says that his key doesn't work on your door.
I would like to see that in action.
No, that can happen.
I would like to see him.
No, okay.
No, I hear what you're saying, Justin.
You want to watch him try his keys.
Yeah, I want to try your key in my door, dude.
Because like I'm just going to take your word for it of a dirty like a dirty boy that loves
people that just like catch him in the act 24-7 because that's the only reason I can
think that he hasn't like made a huge mistake.
Because he knows about this like this has clearly happened before that he's like,
hey, this is a fact that I know and haven't complained to like the owners about.
But like you could go into my apartment anytime if you want whenever you want.
If you wanted to.
Sometime around 530 on Wednesday.
Or maybe I'll get a light installed in your place and I'll have a switch for that light
in my place and I'll flip it and that just means come on by if you want to see some dirty stuff.
Hey, if you want to see some grown folks activities, maybe wait for that light to come on
and then you'll know that things are off and pop.
Do you like grown folks stuff?
Hey, do you like grown folks activities?
Do you like do you like scoping them on the free and on the sly?
Well, I got a deal for you.
Have I got a life for you?
Look at it.
Come please.
I'm journey you get to please.
I OK, this is very OK.
Here's the weirdest part about this.
OK, this guy knows in his heart that you could like completely devastate his whole scene
whenever you wanted to, because you have the key to his place, right?
What is this?
OK, hold on.
What is this fucking world that you are living in where life is just like a fucking online
survival combat video game where you just like when somebody logs off you go grief their shit?
Do you not pay any fucking attention to the news where people just like kill each other
off hand all the time?
Like this is your downstairs neighbor plays music too loud.
You could walk in and smother him with a pillow.
And it's like legal now.
Like that's the worst part.
It's not even breaking and entering.
It's just entering at this point.
Just as I suggested murder, he's suggesting you're outside.
You're mowing the lawn.
You see them walk out with a suitcase like, yeah, I'm going to visit my float, my Florida
and parents are like, oh, cool.
Well, have a good trip.
No, but like if you don't assume that that's a thing, then why do we have locks in the
door in the first place?
Like if you if you're like if you want to work on the honor system, that's fine.
Like I'm going to go ahead and keep the lock on the door.
That seems the base level.
It doesn't matter.
Why does OK.
Why is this guy so cavalier about revealing this information to you, right?
Doesn't that strike you as odd?
Like why do you want to let somebody like without any knowledge of you really to let
you know that you could just walk into their place whenever you wanted to?
How did very suspicious to me.
How did downstairs Pete figure this out in the first place?
Like the first time he locked himself out of his apartment, his solution was, I know
I'll try the other guy's keys.
Oh, it works.
Like that's never a thing I would think of doing.
Yeah, seeing if the other person in the building can unlock my door at this point.
But he doesn't just.
He knows it.
How does he know?
Well, fucking he's got peer reviewed, hands on proof.
Tried to scope your place out.
And I think if the if we're going to tear down the walls this much, you may as well
like install a window in the dividing wall of your duplex that you could just like check
in on Jerry every morning.
It's not good and it's not right.
Are you guys moving?
You guys are basically moving in together.
Why don't we get rid of the pretense, right?
Why don't we take that wall?
Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall.
I want to let's get the property bros in here.
Take that wall out.
Put a nice I beam up there.
Oh, that's I love that.
Maybe some like exposed timbers.
Rustic.
Oh, I love that.
Oh, you know what you do?
You knock down that wall.
You put in a two sided fireplace.
Oh, I love it.
Yeah, right?
That's great.
It's going to increase the value of your home.
Open the whole thing up a lot more to increase the sidelines when you're jerking it.
Yeah, it really turns the whole like jerking it thing around.
Yeah.
Maybe just put in a special jerking room.
Yeah, why not?
Why not?
If we're going crazy, why not?
That's that bumps up that Zillow.
Well, but then you run into it's like, hey, we we ran into a problem.
There ended up being a pipe in this wall.
We had to cut that.
We had to turn the jerking room into a jerking closet.
Don't worry.
We put a porthole in the door.
It's a three bed, two bath, half bait.
Hey, that's not what we were looking for, but all right.
We'll make do.
I want to read a Yahoo, can I?
Please.
How about this one from Morgan Davey?
Thank you, Morgan.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Lag seeing who says, what did teens do in medieval times or back in ancient times?
Were they having fun like nowadays or had more responsibilities?
Were they having fun?
Just some some hip cool dudes.
Snapchat me on the children's crusade, bro.
Come on.
Took my dad's horse going hog wild tonight.
Yeah, my sister fell into the thresher.
Hashtag realness.
Oh man, hurt my arm real bad while casting some silver.
Hashtag type that with my silver arm.
My woman crushed Wednesday's Queen Victoria.
What's up, boo?
WCW.
Well, here's the thing.
Back in medieval times, life expectancy was like 25.
So the translation of this was that what is now teens for us was like seven year olds back then.
It all scaled back.
Yeah, true.
Seven year old teens.
How were they getting wild?
What were they?
I guess they called them sevens or whatever.
Yeah, the sevens.
Yeah, like he's just going through those awkward halfway through
to three quarters of the way through his eighth year of life.
It's just that awkward transition period.
But the thing is, how did you rebel?
Drinking beer?
Everyone did that.
Smoking tobacco?
Everybody did that.
Everyone was wheezing.
Everyone was getting wacky on backy.
That's a good point, Travis.
Like it was not a thing back then.
Kids could get fucked up.
And they were about all the-
What, you rebelled by not going to school along with everyone else?
Along with everyone else.
I can't read.
I can't read either.
Cool, let's get fucked up.
I'm the king.
I can't read.
Okay.
Okay, cool.
I'm a peasant.
I can't read.
Great.
Yeah.
But what we can do is party.
Probably the only way you could rebel is becoming a jester.
Oh, you hate to see that.
What could bring more shame to your family?
First off, you learned to juggle heartbreaking to any parents.
Yeah.
Then you're locked in as a professional silly person at the castle,
and the king only needs you when he's in a bad mood.
That's a fucking bummer.
How's your work environment?
Pretty high stakes.
Yeah, pretty much high stakes all the time.
I only have one coworker, and it's really more of an audience member,
and I only see him when he's completely been out of shape.
And if I do a bad job, I die.
Yeah, but think about it this way though.
When that jester's off the clock, and he goes and he's chilling with his other sevens,
and that party gets lit.
Are you kidding me?
That is true.
There ain't no party like a jester party.
Oh, fuck yeah.
It's the only entertaining person.
He's here.
Fuck yes.
We're drunk.
We're ready.
We're fucking ready to roll, dude.
I know I don't want you to have to work when you're off the clock,
but if you could turn this shit up because you're literally the only funny person.
Juggle, juggle, juggle.
Well, I don't know.
If everybody, I wasn't gonna, but if everybody wants you to.
This is crazy.
Both me and Mike, both our sisters fell in the thresher today,
and we could use a laugh.
Can you turn this shit up, please?
All right.
Jingle, jangle, jangle, jangle, jangle.
Yeah, I've never seen either like this in my life.
Jingle, jangle, jangle, jangle.
Jingle, jangle, jangle, jangle.
Man, Melissa would love this.
This fucking crazy motherfucker is talking to a face on a stick.
I love this shit.
I'm losing my, I'm fucking losing my mind.
I'm losing it with this guy.
Is that rouge on your cheeks?
Fuck that.
Jingle, jangle, jangle, jangle, jangle, jangle, jangle, jangle, jangle, jangle.
I'm gonna die literally months before my time.
I'm 14.
Fuck.
Who invited old man Steven here?
I miss Rebecca so much.
And then they would just shit on the floor right there because nobody gave a fuck.
Well, that was a joke.
That was the first time anyone had ever shat right there on the floor.
Somebody shit right there on the floor and be like, that's pretty funny too.
Can you imagine how fucking easy it would be to tell a joke back then?
Like, nobody fucking heard jokes.
You could just be like, what's the deal with pigs?
They smell.
Ah, ha, ha.
You guys ever notice how like the beanbag filling comes in a bag, cut out the middleman.
Ah, ha, ha, ha.
You could just shit on the floor and be like, jackass won.
I invented it coming in 2000 years.
Catch the fever.
Man, I wish, man, I was just, I was born in the wrong time.
I know people only live until like 30 and like everyone was getting ate up by witches
in the forest.
But man, that would have been good times.
It's so fucking easy to be an entertainer.
Oh, I know.
This podcast, we got to churn out hours of content every week.
Back then, like one joke and it would spread throughout the land.
You could just walk to a different town and be like, hey, in my last town, I was the fucking
funniest fool there and everyone loved me.
And everybody would be like, I believe it.
We don't have the internet.
I can't check TMZ to see how much everyone hated you in your last town.
Yeah, I don't know if you stole these jokes off Instagram or not.
Yeah, because I can't check it.
We don't have electricity.
But if we did, we could check Instagram for sure.
And bust your ass.
Be careful though, because if you get up there and you're like, hey guys, beanbag refill
comes in a bag anyway, it's cut out the middleman.
They might be like, witch!
You!
He's tickled my innards with his devilry.
It's a perfectly observed joke.
No human man could be this funny.
But I have had this thought many times in my daily slice of life day.
Me too.
Goody McElroy consorts with the devil.
He's done his consorting and he's read our thoughts.
I saw him change into a wolf at midnight, run through the beanbags, observing their humor.
Did you hear his pacing?
It was, I thought he was going to say one thing and he said a completely different one.
Did thou witness his crowd work with Goody Charlene?
This has been our podcast, my brother, my brother, me.
It's very dumb.
We got a Bunker Buddies live show coming up April 2nd.
Make sure you catch that.
Go to bit.ly forward slash bb live show.
And Scotty Travis and Andy talk about has survived the apocalypse.
And we're doing that alongside spilled milk.
It's a great podcast.
It's going to be a great night.
It's going to be super fun.
We also want to say thanks again to Blue Apron who makes cooking at home easy.
You can get your first two meals free by going to blueapron.com slash my brother.
Highly recommend it.
Check out McElroyShows.com for all our shows, Twitter accounts, Facebook groups,
and contact info as well as P.O. Box info.
It's where you go to find all this stuff.
Just just a heads up.
Max Fun Drive is just around the corner.
It kicks off March 14th.
It's going to run for two weeks.
So we'll have two episodes of my brother, my brother and me,
where we will be telling you all about the Max Fun Drive.
It is amazing.
We are a donor supported network.
We've been able to do like so many podcasts this past year.
Like we have expanded our output.
Well, Travis mostly, but we're all getting real bored.
Yeah, we're all doing like more and more podcasts more than ever.
And it's because of the support that we get from listeners during the Max Fun Drive.
So we'll have lots of bonus episodes.
We'll have new stuff this year.
But by donating, you also get access to all of the episodes throughout the fullness of time.
And we're going to be doing some extra bonus length episodes.
You've got some ideas for stuff we're going to do during the drive.
It's all going to be really exciting.
Kicks off March 14th, runs for two weeks.
We're going to have gifts for new donors and upgrading members.
Lots, lots, lots of stuff going on there.
So March 14th runs for two weeks.
You can find out more at maximumfun.org.
You can also find the other shows in the Maximum Fun Network.
Like shows like Throwing Shade, Getting Curious, shows like Stop Podcasting Yourself,
shows like Bullseye, shows like Jordan and Jesse Go.
Tons of great shows on the network.
Go check them out.
And we have a brand new iTunes landing page for all the McElroy shows.
If you're an iTunes user and you haven't yet,
we'd love for you to rate, review, and subscribe to all the shows.
Go to itunes.com slash McElroy shows.
And they're all right there.
Thanks to John Roderick of the Long Winters for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album, Putting the Days to Bed. It's a wonderful, wonderful album.
And it's good for this build up to summer.
To get pumped.
To get pumped for the summer months.
You guys want to find on Yahoo?
Hell yeah, I do.
Oh wait, one more thing before, because I just did this and I'm very excited about it.
If you go to maxfunstore.com, there's a ton of really awesome Max Fun merch there.
And we got a lot of My Brother, My Brother, Me, and Adventure Zone and all the other shows stuff
there, but I just purchased a really sweet Flophouse t-shirt.
Oh shit, really?
Yeah, and a really sweet Sawbones t-shirt.
The one with the really cool skull design.
That's what Taylor did.
Yeah, they're coming soon.
You get to see me in these choice shirts and my wife in these choice shirts.
But I always forget how awesome this stuff is there till I go look again.
And everybody's got awesome, awesome stuff.
Go check it out.
I got to find on Yahoo.
Can I read it?
Yes.
Yep.
Sitting by Yahoo answers.
No, it wasn't, I mean Zoe Kinski, I guess, is technically a Yahoo answers user.
I already feel, riding high Zoe Kinski.
Thank you, Zoe.
It's by Yahoo answers user.
Glowerian, Glow, nope.
Glowy Aaron.
Glowy Aaron asks, are there any movies where Paul Giamatti is just happy chipper dude?
But he's just McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This is my brother, my brother, he gets his dad's square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hi, I'm Sydney McElroy.
And I'm Riley Smyrl.
And we co-host a podcast called Still Buffering, a sister's guide to teens through the ages.
On our show, we tackle all of the hot teen topics that kids have on their minds today.
Hot teen topics?
Well, you know, the questions that are plaguing teenagers through their tumultuous growing years.
Questions like, how do I party?
Or what do I do with all this hair everywhere?
The same questions that people like Sydney had during their years as teenagers.
Many, many, many.
Okay, not that many.
So, so long ago.
Yeah, okay, I think they get the idea.
So search for Still Buffering on iTunes or Maximumfun.org for new episodes every Tuesday.
Still Buffering.
I am a teenager.
And I was too.
