The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me
It's an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother Travis the great
My name is Griffin McElroy. I want to warn everybody there was a moment where I
Like what I said my name in a what could be like a melodically tuneful manner
Yeah, you're happy for the first time in so long. Well, no, I just I I had the compulsion in that moment of
I'm gonna sing the rest of this and I'll make everybody sing the rest the episode. It's a musical
I just want to tell you guys like I fought that off like I fought that un-listenable urge
I appreciate you fighting that off because it saved me from having to do that
Mike like myself and I I don't know that I
Physically mentally emotionally could have done it. Are you guys just gonna let me get away with adding a flourish to my name like that?
What was the flourish? I was thinking about the thing I was gonna say rather than listening. Yeah, I'm so sorry about that
That's okay
No, I said Travis the great cuz I'm watching the great and I thought I need a flourish and yeah
I'll be fancy or like Travis the powerful. I don't know. I'll find it but I want to talk about
Guys, okay
This is gonna depend on where people are listening to this because there are laws differing in states of state
But I don't know about you guys. I got a lot of money riding on the big game
Oh
It's basically all of our collective life savings
Oh, and I have been so curious why our financial advisors did tell us to
Have a shared pool of life savings
We're living three different lives at this with children. I mean we have dependents and wives and everything right?
I paid the financial advisor to do that because I knew the big game was coming up and you know every year
You know, I I watched the game and I think I should have I should have bet because now I know who won and I
should have bet and
Yeah, it's so easy when you know
Sherry and logic and here's the best part. I mean I put about 75%
Of our life savings on the big game and about 25% on the puppy bowl
So I figure one way or the other yeah
We're gonna come out big because I bet 25% of our life savings that the puppy bowl would be a doable
And that was it was I mean to be fair. It's two to one odds a doable
I put 50 large on the Bengals in the puppy bowl
The Bengals are playing. Well, no, I'm let me do my joke. Okay, I
I put 50 large on the Bengals in the puppy bowl because I am wagering that they will release a
Handful of Bengal Tigers during the puppy bowl because let's be honest. Those games are rarely
intense or
Like dramatic the stakes are so low
And I want to be like, yeah
But did he fucking get that sack lunch from fucking smashing the QB into a fucking
Bone meal that's I notice the the puppy bowl is very globetrotter asking that way Griffin. Yeah
They're very lax on some of what I would consider the rules that make football fun to watch
Right, and it's just like what's happening here?
And the puppies never beat the human players. That's true. Like what's the point, right?
It's never seen I've never seen one of the puppies get thrown out of the game for unsportsmanlike conduct
but I've seen them piss on yes, absolutely if like one like, you know, if
Troy Aikman just took a big one, right?
Yeah, thank you. They would kick him right
thick-armed fucking damn marino just took a
Dumper right there on the 50. That's not gonna they're not gonna let him finish that one out. I
Haven't announced it. We're calling it the Super Bowl from this point forward. I decided this come at me
Please come soon. Nothing would delight me more than for the National Football League
The NFL or as I call it, no fun left
Come get me
Back when people used to be able to take swords on the field. Come on
Come on, Raph. Let the but the fellas what are you afraid of?
Oh, I
Had this moment after the so after the Bengals secured their place the Bengals are in it
Yeah shooter my man shooter got that big kikaruski for the right. That's why you drive. That's why you drafted kicker
That's why you drafted kicker. That's why you draft a kicker
and
I had this thought like I'm gonna you know, what dad loves the Bengals, huh?
I'm gonna get him tickets, you know, like I'm gonna get I'm gonna get I'm gonna get him a flight
You know, this will be birthday and Christmas combined whatever but I knew that it would fill up, you know flights from Cincinnati to
Lax we're about to get like wilds. I was right
I'm gonna do it right now and I was like I was checking the flights on that
I was like, okay, maybe you know, I've got a lot of
Miles saved up from traveling and then I was like, oh, wait a minute. He'll lean actual tickets to the game for oh, yeah
That's our winnows. Yeah, so I went on to
The the place where they sell the tickets or the Internet. Yeah, and um
The bad ones are six thousand dollars. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey everybody
It's that yeah, it's a it's a after all it's a game guys. It is a game
It's a game and the players aren't getting paid. They're doing it for fun. Thank you
So like where's this money going right down the toilet? That's where it's going
Don't do six dollars for a ticket to the no Super Bowl in the bad seats where you can't I think about that
There's a scalper somewhere right who's who bought those tickets
I somehow probably a robot bottom and there was like I'm gonna resell these for six thousand dollars
Like they fought with their human slash AI brain that six thousand dollars was like, this is a good choice
This is a normal amount. Yeah, this is an amount someone will pay to sit in bad seats
To watch people run at each other real fast. And that's yeah, that's really all that's really all football is
You know what? I mean? Well except for kickers. Can we talk I'm I've decided to make this the only
Pro kicker podcast on earth. Yeah, like our whole deal professional kickers. Yeah our whole deal
What's our whole deal kickers are underappreciated in the NFL and I'm talking listen, hear me out place kickers
Yes, but I'm also talking about like the punters
It if it if it kicks it sits
With us, that's not if it kicks it sits with us in our home. We'll talk to you. We'll talk to you
Come come to us kickers
Come to us kit. This is a new kicker podcast for kickers. This isn't the kickers only
Hey, can we do a little roleplay trap? Yeah, just for fun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I'm gonna be a kicker
Okay, and I want you to guys and I really I don't want you to do your usual sports sports bowl
Like none of that
I have four kickers. I would never do that. Okay, I want you to make your best run at it
All right talking if I was talking to a kicker if we got a kicker on today, what would I say?
Well, yes
Start the kicker segment. Yeah, and I'll be like a kicker. All right, you have onto the show
Can you do you have any music on the board juice that you can kind of like throw down for us?
That's the same
Hey, welcome to faces and laces I'm here with kick Johnson
Do I not get to fucking introduce myself on faces? Okay. Thank you. Welcome to faces and laces
I'm your host Travis McElroy. Welcome to through the uprights. I'm your host Griffin McElroy. That's better actually
Um, okay. Yeah, we're joined now by kick Johnson kick. That's a man. That's that's probably not his name
No, well, it's his the nickname. His real name is Rick Johnson, but they call him kick
Kick I just want to say excellent
Johnson is that his nickname? Hey, hold on. Let's ask him. Hey, Rick
Yeah, can I can we call you thick Johnson? Cuz it's like a funny like you have a oh, it's like a penis
I'm like a chode chode. You can call me whatever you want. Just don't call me late for dinner. Oh, oh
Thanks thick now. Listen, um, I just want to say man great
Are you okay? Charlie horse get leg cramps. Yeah. Yeah, you try bananas
My body is riddled my legs specifically my kicking leg, right? It's riddled with pain
Okay, these three hours out of
Of every day. Oh is a waking hell what happens during the one-hour?
Shoot me up the doc. Shoot me up real good. Oh with it. They call they call it spinach
But it's in this it's in a syringe. I know it's not my spinach, but it releases me from
The the hell right my every day is right long enough for me
How old are you hey thick how old are you
22
Jesus
Jesus do you find it hard to sort of navigate can I request? Oh sure, but Bethany you said this was a curse-free
Sorry, my sister Bethany. Did we cut did we Kurt? Sorry? It's said the boy took the Lord's name in vain. Oh, sorry
Crackers man, that's wild. You're 22, huh? Also, did you just call me a boy? I'm 16 years your senior kick
It's an affectionate nickname that we have for other players
Oh, you see me as another player in this field of power
Castaglia, that's a weird way to say that. Hey, do you talk about?
What get kicking or my career? I was trying to kick and then your bedeviled leg came up
But we were very trying to do our job
brief
There's brief
valleys between the crests of pain
Are we in one of those manageable?
Agony as the hellish sine wave that is my life, right?
Rises and falls getting dark
Valley, I mean something in a valley right now our terms of right. Got it. Got it. Got it. So what's your record?
What's your longest? What's the biggest kick you've done? What's your biggest kick? We could have looked at your favorite
But I I have been known to I came short at one point
Of the record held by Dan Strazinski. Yeah, the Falcons he holds it down at about 60
Yards, and I did kick a 58 and a half yarder
when in our matchup against the the
Tennessee tight did you ask did you ask the coach if you could scooch it back?
Yeah, two or three yards just so you could scoot scoop that um that that record. I
Would never compromise. Okay, where do I have a question for you?
Go ahead good day go for travel when your pain management is going
All right, you know what I mean?
And you're in one of them valleys you think you could kick a ball hard enough that you could kick it through a man
I always think about this
Or or or sorry, sorry
Or you kick it Adam and it hits him in the head and their head goes flying off like oh good question
And then the head goes through and the head goes through and the and then the refs are like three points
I guess I guess it counts. There's no rule against it
I'm surprised you guys are privy to this, but that is how you become the kicker for a team
Oh, you got all the previous kicker have to blast one of those beautiful pig skins right through the
Uprights that are their ribs. Oh, I think just blasted clean through it's rough
And honestly, it's supposed to be a private and I'll be frank tasteful ceremony
Oh sure between two consenting adults, right? I have another question for you kick. Is there anything in the rule book?
This has long trap us. Okay. Yeah, let him back. Okay. Is there anything in the rule book?
This has a dog can't play football
This is one that we like to ponder. Yeah
Oh
Seems like a straight up and down. Yes, or no question
Yeah
Yeah, sorry
Cuz every time I say this another one of you kids gets is a wild idea that you're gonna trade up your pup to take out
Think Johnson. Yeah, but there is
Nothing in the rules that says a dog
Can't play football right? Oh, I will say yeah
they
are not
Reliable no bugs. Mm-hmm. They're reliable usually but not in terms of of play. They don't get a lot of graphs. Yeah
They won't join the Union which to me is weird. Yeah, but they refused
Because they say it's a big issue. You cannot put rings on those paws. That's true
I told you you're not gonna get a ring with the dog behind the ball. It's it's a human's
Human, it's a fingers game. You need a person right? You need a person
Johnson you need a dancer since key you need, you know, any of the many other kickers with which I am well
Do you weird and we all fight boys
We would like to ask us we ask everyone where you do buy your pants that have one big pant leg good question
This is an excellent question. I
You stitch fix. Oh
That's kick-ass
But it's a special service that they maintain just for me called fix fix
Oh, and they just get the pants just for me not stitch fix
I'm sorry. Mine was
Not thick thick. Hey, you started a little bit like like the agent from from matrix. Yeah that a lot
Mr. Anderson the prices on thick thick are so good
Can I ask you a question kick because Griffin said kick ass and made me think about it
Are you ever afraid that like you'll lose control and you'll kick someone in the ass and you'll kick them so hard that you'll kick
I'm in half or that their spine will shoot out of their mouth like in Mortal Kombat and I'll go through the uprights. I
That would be impossible
in when I am NOT on the field my
Kicking leg is weighted down with over 130 pounds of dry weight. I wasn't asked about that
I can see that here under the table. So you
Lifting it is a torturer. There would be no way of me kicking a civilian in the open world
Yeah, because of the weights on the leg
They only release those when it's time to make the doughnuts go nuts, if you know what I mean? Yeah, I do
So we're gonna let you go thick, but I have one more
Don't have anywhere else. Okay, you can stay here, but just please don't talk anymore
I'm worried about what it's doing to your voice, but I have one more question for you thick
Do you have any predictions on how you think the Puppy Bowl is gonna go this year a?
Lot of people in my circles are saying, you know, I still cute
That's the way we're leaning right now. Really?
I'm not allowed to bet
Anymore sure. Oh, so it's not like a league thing
It's like a personal thing for your personal thing for between me and my my lord. Oh, okay. Cool. And who's that?
Sorry, you don't know him. Oh, okay. Oh, this is like a feudal situation. It's a different
Disregard, yeah
We have our own DD our own language. Oh
Yeah, our own dress code and kicks ass yeah, it's well, sorry that's blasphemy
Yeah, you don't like it when we take kick in vain, huh? Please don't take kick in rain
Got it. God this pocket. Hey kick or thick. Don't you agree that this podcast was a fucking great idea?
Like a really good idea for a podcast. I just think you got nowhere to go but up. Okay, great
All right, just like the ball
Okay, hey Justin Griffin, yeah
Directly from from through the uprights in the riddle me piss boy
Yeah, let's hear it
If a chicken says all chickens are liars, right is the chicken?
telling the truth
No
This comes from Paul, by the way to her manager. Why oh, thank you for tour manager Paul
Yeah, why can I ask why it had to be a chicken?
Interesting. Is this is this the riddle is that like a chicken can't speak and so the chicken cannot be telling either a lie
Or the truth
Do not I mean hey Griffin? Yeah, you solved it. Oh, did I really yes, but here's why I wanted this guy the answer
What's the answer chickens cannot talk?
but
Hate this shit, but this goes deeper because here's what I would like to pause it. This question is written by a chicken
Right. So all chickens are liars a chicken tells you that but then the chicken also says like no
Don't worry chickens can't talk and you're like now. Hold on. I don't know what's up. What's down?
You got me all turned around here chicken. I don't know what to believe you guys
Is that I'm sorry trap. Hold on one second. Is that really it?
That chickens cannot talk
But this is the riddle that you've brought to us today
Yeah, this is the real I brought to you because I'll change their lives, but I gotta say man
I think we've moved past this. I think our brains have evolved to a point where
Like we know the dark corners of the internet so well that the riddles will not
Like I literally just shitted the answer out in an instant
And I think that says a lot about sort of how I have been turned
No, I broke Griffin a long time between riddle me piss and sad libs and of course work a fart
It's very clear that I've broken Griffin's brain and somehow
Dragged him down
To where I'm at all the time where my brain operates all the time. Yeah, and I'm okay
I tell you I'm pretty proud of it. Yeah, I broke a human beings thought process
Yeah, I'm bada bada bada loving it. Anyways chickens or liars. Yeah, Justin
maybe do a question cuz we'd I don't think we did any last episode and
I didn't see the response to the last episode
They loved that shit. I've been cast in a play which my character is a former high school
American football champ. You don't need to do that on this show. This is a safe space. Okay, there's my picnic. Is it picnic?
What but I don't know you because two of us were talking at once
Why does Travis I'd make his great
Reference to picnic like I it's just that I have a degree in theater Justin. I don't know if you know that
One scene I even hold and toss around the old pigskin so you this person knows some of the slang going on
Cool. However, I have no real-life experience with this. I've never tossed the old pork flesh. We don't call it that
The shows in a month that I don't want to embarrass the rest of the cast with my shrod
You are siblings surely you spent many hours throwing around the old hammer. I'd that is what can you tell me how to convincingly?
Hold one lights up on a touchdown. No one Google. I will say this is all I know dad taught us
Okay, these two things I know are important. Yes one
wrap
Your hand around the ball and put your fingers on the lace got a lover's embrace on the laces
Yes
Second tight spiral tight spiral also in like a tight spiral. This is something dad taught me which is
You're really worried about it hitting you in the face, but it's not gonna hurt nearly as bad as you think
It is watch and then like bonk, you know, it was right
This it does hurt, but it didn't hurt as much as I thought it was for what is a bunch of leather?
Like an oblong leather balloon
Yeah, that shit hurts if it hits you hard and the other the other guys throw it fucking hard man. Same with a baseball
That's another like very prominent dad lie by the way, like you're afraid of it hitting you but it's not gonna hit that hard
Yeah, fucking hard man. Baseball is hard like a rock and a softball. Don't let the name fool you still
It's nice to be hit by the size way bigger is weird that somebody invented softball and they're like pretty soft and no one was like
Way softer things my dude, do you think it was invented before there were other soft things? Yeah, maybe is that possible?
Until then everything was hard. And so instead well, this is this has a little give to it
I'm gonna call it soft and people said I wonder if there's anything softer than this
I was playing with a softball in my bongo bat at the park one time somebody threw the softball at me shattered my fucking bongo bat
That shit did not go sailing which is the typical response you do get from a bongo bat
anyway, you need a
props master or
someone who is going to
Go up on the catwalk above the stage with a football tied to a string and like maybe a fishing rod if we want to
go full sort of
Goofy movie on it and then like you make a ball throwing motion and then they just kind of swing the football on
The long fishing line to the other person. Do you know I mean? Oh even better
Practical effects if you're doing some practical magic and you want to like show up like really make it clear that this person is
really good at football what you're gonna do the postmaster up there you're gonna whistle and
They're gonna like bring the football to you. Like you called it through the air. Oh, that's cool, right?
Yeah, do they have the money to get like flying by for him? Oh
Rigging that's huge a huge reference that for people are gonna get definitely. Yes, but I'm saying just listen for a second
That's a company. There's one company that flies Peter Pan's around
Yeah, if you want to fly somebody in in a show not just like in a plane to your house
You get flying by Foy. Okay, you get flying by Foy. They're gonna come they're gonna they're gonna do swing back and forth
They're gonna do up and down maybe even forward to back if you've got the money. Yeah
There's one why is that still in there? Why is it still in there?
Why is it in your head I
I don't need to know it. I directed Superman. It's a birthplace. You're in a musical about Superman. That's
Like and they and and they help with that. That's the only opportunity. I've got it. I've used the information
You don't need it. I've slumdog millionaire. Yeah
Gonna be a time where you're just like sitting there and someone's like, I don't know man
Could there possibly be a company that specializes in flying specifically children in like shows and you're like wait, what did you say?
Yeah, I know it
You're a hero. Do you think that they do big boys?
Like us do you think they do big boys like us?
That would be a great
Funny would it be if at one of our live shows and we wouldn't announce it ahead of time and we wouldn't even say which
One of the three of us it was
But we're like do the kick-ass final yahoo and then just one of us stands up and flies off the stage sins
They're in Vegas. You think they're open yet flying by boy
Yeah, you mean like time change why I got their phone number right here. I could just call him up
Ask how big a boy they can do and if you podcast up
Hey, do you do pod you fly for podcast?
You guys have exactly 10 seconds to talk me out of this. Well, I don't think
Just I want the mental image of us doing a live show only one of our shirts looks vaguely
Rectangular and well, we'd all have to wear the harness fly. Yeah. Yeah, we have to wear the we'd all wear the harness
But only one of us would fly away and it would keep a little surprise in there
We're gonna fly tonight. Yeah, and we could do it of like there's a buzzer under your seat
Yeah, you're all gonna vote on which one you think it's gonna fly away. Can you nail it?
Yeah, and then like Paul comes out and hooks up. Maybe that's it, right? So Paul has the hook
We're all waiting right and you're all in the audience gonna vote. We don't know
Paul's gonna sneak out hook one of us and then whoa
Oh, we'll talk it. We'll be like, oh Paul. I got a wicked wedge right now. Can you come fix for me?
And yeah, so insulting you make me fix your wedge, but really it's not a wedgie
He's hooking the cables up. That's gonna let us Paul. Could you adjust my balls for me?
For like for like a minute and a half until you know, it's safe
My balls so they're in the same I'm not calling I'm tired. I want to make this I
Want to make this show normal again. Oh
I was thinking about it and
I just feel like after the last
Few I was gonna say episodes, but I think I mean years
I just feel like I want this show to get back to normalcy, you know
It's like a normal normalcy has to start somewhere and Justin's saying it's gonna start here
It's just like this is not the sort of podcast where people call flying by for the standard of the industry
like
When they did Mary Martin Peter Pan on Broadway fine by foie
See NBC was there and they did the live versions in in the 50s
Yeah, that's flying by foie. And then when they did that one with them Allison, what's her face?
Yeah, I'm on to Allison Janney. No, Allison. It was Allison Janney Williams cuz Brian Williams daughter. Um, the the
Slime by foie like you can only get them and they only do Peter Pan
They don't only do Peter Pan but like you know, they clearly also do Superman gotta do you gotta get foie
You gotta get foie gotta get how does it say on their webpage? How many people they've lost?
They have like well, no, they haven't days since boys boys have fallen
Well
Now to be fair a list and they it's a very it's a very touching memorial wall where it says boys boys
You no longer need our
own angel
Now Bobby to be fair we didn't drop him we launched him too hard
That was a different one. So if anything we did it to you good show this this one over here
Ricky he choked on a carrot which we did tell him to not eat carrots while in the harness
We settled that I mean and lay out of court. So don't worry that one
We're that's why there's a question mark over his face
I do I if you do go to a production of a foie production of Peter Pan where there is a boy based
Whoopsie, that's got it. That's got to be on some bird man or the unexpected virtue of ignorance shit where it's like, whoa
Damn, that child's committed to the bit. He ran into that armoire going really fast
He is not getting up damn
He's selling it Wow
Wow, man the place then the rest of the place stopped. Whoa, I've never seen something like this
commitment I
I
Think we should start our own
Flight company like to do performer flying like our own
But it's like the whole bit is that we undercut flying by for like whatever flying by foie hats for you
Like we we will we will do it for less. We're called flyers
Yeah, and with a Z and you could just get us for cheaper and our slogan is basically just as good
Yeah, it should be fine
I
Not too high. I'm going to hit up Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez
About breaking up this fucking boy based flight monopoly that always got on that cuz like thank you crushes
creativity
Think of all the different ways we could be flying boys right now. Yeah, was it flying with boys?
That's the name of ours flying with boys. We're gonna try some new innovative solutions. They may not always work, right?
But we're willing to try something new foie has been rigging kids the same way, right?
Right, we're gonna wait rig them a different way, right? Exactly. Well, and you know what?
There might be a few break good eggs. Listen, I'm not gonna say that we won't break a few eggs. Right a legs
Legs and eggs. That's another thing that I'm trying to pitch
Maybe that's the name of the company. Yeah
legs legs and eggs
Legs and eggs. That's can I say for like
Just really yeah, just do it. Just real quick legal disclaimer
Flying by four. I have no idea if they've ever lost anybody. I will say they do not have a page called foies boys
Why don't we do this
Why don't we just leave a gap here where we can drop in the specific audio that flying by foie's lawyers?
like
Let's leave a break right because they're gonna use some terminology that like we can't generate right now with because we don't have law degrees
Yeah, we'll just leave like a little gap here and then we can drop that in later. Yeah
It was probably silence because we're incompetent but still yeah, definitely
Um, yeah, let's go we're sponsored this week by flying by foie. Oh
Travis go we are sponsored this week by bomb ass. No. Yes
Oh daddy like a bomb ass bomb ass bomb a suspicion
It's simple make the most comfortable clothes ever and match every item sold with an equal item donated
So when you buy bomb us, you're also giving it to someone in need
What else is there to say the clothes? They're comfortable. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but you know what else is comfortable
Giving giving to others the joy in your heart. There's always room for more joy, right?
Yeah, that's comfortable slide into this joy my friends slide into giving get comfortable put the giving on wear it like a shirt
You don't need clothes. You're covered. Well, you didn't okay, you do need clothes from Bombas, right?
Yeah, but also you can shroud yourself in mystery and joy everything they make is soft
You're just you're just going huh? Yeah. Well, I wanted to make it feel personal right?
Yeah, I just sort of go in what's kind of word jazz. That's what I was going for
Yeah, you know, I'm gonna hit something and then I didn't so I just stopped playing like any good jazz
No, okay, I'm just gonna know I'm gonna go
Okay, I'm gonna turn in my trumpet and go. Okay great. Thank you for having me at chicken on a stick
Yeah
You do need to read this last sentence verbatim, which means verbatim means non-jazz no jazz
Anti-jazz. Okay, go to bombas.com slash my brother and get 20% off your first purchase. That's Beo
No, no jazz that's BOMBAS.com slash my brother for 20% off bombas.com slash my brother
Be dope bop. Oh, you know, that's wild. Hey our next sponsor stitch fix. It says right here
Say whatever baby
Get get silly with a baby. It's about the ad copy you don't read
Hey stitch fix is our other sponsors week and they they fucking kick-ass
this is one of those that I feel like has ascended into the
You should be doing this already don't need us
Because you know how they do it
you you fill out this profile quiz about what you like what your usual stuff is that you wear what your sizes are and then
They'll you know a stylist will send you a box with five things in it that fit those and then you keep what you want
And you send back what you you know, maybe aren't vibing with and then you have like a dope clothes collection
That's ever like sign up for like a subscription thing and then you completely forget about it
Yeah, like it's been like three years. You're like, oh my god, how much money have I given?
Do you think that that's what's happened with stitch fix and us is like they just like keep buying and then one day they're gonna
Be like, oh, we're still buying ads on my brother my brother and me, right?
Surely everyone there knows about six weeks at this way. Well, don't tell them that's about the that's about the worst thing
You've said on this show
Also, yeah
No one knows no one knows about stitch fix if you want to harness the lightning esque power of stitch fix yourself and feel like a god
They got stitch fix freestyle, which is an online shop. That is customized based on your
Your desires your desires your one
Right, I mean for clothes they don't oh, okay. Yeah, there's nothing I was scared for a second
Well, you shouldn't well regardless don't be scared
and
yeah, if you want to get started you just take a style quiz and it's so easy and
It's you just do it get started today by filling out your freestyle quiz at stitch fix comm slash my brother and get free shipping
And returns stitch fix comm slash my brother the stitch fix sell Dom jeans. Does anyone know?
Nobody knows I've been wanting to get into those ever since I read 50 Shades of Grey. They sounded really comfortable
Stitch fix next fake. Send me some Dom jeans and some mom jeans while you're out
I and I would actually love some Dom Deluise jeans. Yeah
Hi, I'm biz and I'm Teresa and we're the hosts of one bad mother a podcast about parenting
Parenting is hard and we have no advice, but we do see you doing it
I'll give you like to do it
Didn't we have a bumper sticker a while back that was like I'll give you did it
That's what I was honk if you're doing it
Why did we not ever make them? Oh, we didn't like them. I think there's still in the max fun store
Honk-honk you're doing it
Thanks, biz. So are you each week? We'll be here to remind you that you're doing a good job
You can find us on maximum fun dot org, honk-honk toot-toot. I
Listen to bull's-eye because Jesse always has really good questions. What did John Malkovich wear when he was 20, huh?
I don't know how to describe it
There's always that moment where Jesse asks a question that the person he's interviewing has not thought of before
I don't think anyone's ever said that to me or acknowledged that to me and that is so real
Bull's-eye interviews with creators you love and creators
You need to know from maximum fun org and NPR
Here's another question, so I pulled into the drive-thru a Taco Bell for a breakfast burrito
They took my order, but when I got to the window
They told me their system was down and that quote it was my lucky day quote and that quote
My order was free and quote. I'm
Done too many quotes. I realize that now. They handed me my food, and then closed the window
awesome free food except
They forgot to give my drink. Oh
My god, this is real. I need my morning caffeine boost brothers
Would it be okay for me to flag them down to ask for the missing drink?
I ordered but didn't pay for or should I just be happy?
With a free burrito and scram, that's from thirsty in Tennessee
I have no idea. I don't know guys
I'm
Thanks, just based on how much we've discussed Taco Bell on this show
Which is I would say more than the average bear
We would have a sort of foothold on the diamond. I'm on the tall grass
I'm I'm like
I'm spiral. Yeah, can I be honest? Yeah, this I'm
Melting my noodle, you know what I mean? This is this is our white whale
This is this for me is our greatest challenge
Like we've solved almost everything up to this is our more already. I'm just gonna say entire life
Including give birth to my two girls. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's this is like nine. Yeah, that's more exactly nine
I mean I carry those things
Yeah, exactly. No, I mean I you carry those for nine more weeks because that's more more accurate
That's more accurate and back to back to you. It was 80 weeks total. I got it. Oh, yeah
I'm gonna call if he white away. Okay, perfect. Now, are you sure cuz we only get one phone a friend per episode
Well, yeah, no, no, no, it's fine
It's less fun when you actually use real touch tone sounds
A lot of numbers. It's like a toll like
He's not it's ringing she's sending a message like more skill couldn't get that sound effect. Hey, how's it going? How's everybody feeling?
Wake you up. I'm sorry, man. Oh, you know, you know, I'm always ready to answer the call. So
As like the Ghostbusters. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, have you been waiting? Have you been waiting this whole time?
Yeah, I'm sitting in a dark room staring at my cell phone. It's been
Three to five years. I don't know what time is anymore, but oh boy. Oh boy. Oh, you've missed so much in the world
I'll tell you it's not great. We got bud. We got some pretty heavy news to drop on you
Yeah, I think that being not going yeah. Yeah, what do you mean?
I was ready to just step outside, you know barefaced and start doing my ritual of kissing everyone
I see it's so funny that you said that oh, oh boy. Oh, yeah
There's this new rapper the baby and I think he's got good opinions and
Oh, yeah, and you know, you know how you campaigned so hard for Trump's re-election
No way I was I was on the street and by the way, he is he's the toddler now
That's one of the big things
If you're you're a comedian, you're an actor a writer, but you're
Just right. Did you just read his email signature? No, what do you want me to say? What do you want me to say saying you?
You taught me professionally talk about John Cena
You're someone who for a living talks about how funny is that opening number by the way, I'm never skipping the intro
I'm watching this so good crash every time
Anyway, we got a question and I got to read it to you because you wouldn't have hurt at it
you're good, but yeah, let me sum it up to like basically this person got a free burrito, but not but they didn't get the
drink they ordered and
Sit sit down because
They didn't get the so it's like they didn't know if they should go back for their drink or they should just appreciate the free
Food they got and I just kind of wanted to take your temperature real quick. Oh, yeah. No, I'm glad that you know
That you you've hit me up for this. You know, I I would like to say I'm a Taco Bell expert
Yeah, I I was there for the launch of the breakfast menu. Oh really there that morning. I I have pictures
Oh, wow, saved of me and two other sad fellas who was like we gotta we gotta be here day one
See what they got going and you know, I also I've worked at Disneyland
Oh, wow, I wonder you're probably wondering where this is gonna come into play, but I'm gonna let you know right now
Working at Disneyland. We have these things called magical moments. You try and create a magical moment for your guests
Yeah at the park what is a way and here's what I'm thinking. That was a magical moment
Between between them, you know Taco Bell and their systems toxicity of the city of the city
So you got to just take it and scram you yeah
I don't think you you know
You just take because they're already having a bad day as someone who has worked in the fast-food setting like it was cool for you
But I'm telling you on the inside they're losing their mind like what are we gonna do?
Did it count when I clocked in am I working for free that that's if the class is that's the biggest thing
I am I think your reaction to it depends on what level of
Like what level you are with the Taco Bell corporation, which yeah yum brands, right?
Is that yeah, I I feel like if you're a lower level sort of cog
It may be turned into a pretty cheery day and honestly, we're gonna be able to slap that that big we're closed side on the window
Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah
I'm sure if I'm sure if you would have returned for your for your drink and walked in it would have been like the
Island and yellow jackets like they're all wearing like deer bones, and they're like we are free from the Bell
I don't love that Taco Bell
Sells coffee. I guess they don't say coffee explicitly. This could be a war a morning Baja blast
They can't they cannot start their working day without being by Baja
uh, but it feels like coffee to me and yeah, it's it can't be you can't be coffee and
Burrito, though, right? Those don't seem like those would go well together for y'all poo-poo the coffee. I
Will pitch to you their other breakfast drink, which is just orange juice and Mountain Dew mix together. Oh, that's right
Start your day, honestly
So so y'all jokingly set the bar
That just gave me
That gave me heart palpitations to hear you say it. Oh boy, howdy
But also I need that drink. Yeah, this is my problem
I like if you're going if you're going through Taco Bell or in I guess this applies to any store
But it's definitely definitely true talk about you've already made the decision in your head that it's worth trading your dollars
For your refreshments like that's a some cost at that point that money's gone
But it's not because it was free, right? Yeah
Now you do run the risk if you go back through at a time you go back through the systems up again
And I like good now we can charge you
Yeah, that is good good theory also just consider the fact that that money you've budgeted can now go towards like that
Super expensive coffee shop. You've been wondering about but you're like, I don't want to spend that much on coffee
So now the burrito fund has some rollover bucks
And we can take it there and see what it's talking about see what this turmeric pistachio milk latte is all about
Hey me while you're there maybe take some wire cutters
Systems down there. Oh, it's a daisy. Oh, no. Oh god
I guess I'll take this yeah to go and they're like, well we can still accept cash and you're like, it's 2022
And you just walk out the door with your free coffee
Welcome to my pit for ocean sports are we to assume that the system broke down as like between the time that you ordered and
The time you got to the window. Yeah, they wouldn't have taken the order. Yeah, that's what that's good fortune
I think you need to just roll. I I'm I'm taking it back. You shouldn't go back through this Taco Bell
You should never go back to this Taco Bell like your this is your moment. You won
You need to get out while it gets good
This is the one time where you're up, right the house always wins when you go to Taco Bell, right?
But this time you won, you know, it's time to walk away. You're up one over talk about never go back
Because one time what's gonna happen is you're gonna pay they're gonna hand you the bag. All the bags empty
Yeah, fuck right. No, man. That's so true. Yeah, it's you'll be like I did not order this I
Or like when you get the trade when when you get something you didn't order and like you're up
I got something better, but you're down if you got something worse like I like those Cinnabon buckets
I like a good, you know, Taco Bell Cinnabon bites. It's crispy
Oh, yeah
You know and it definitely has to be I have to be have the heart for it
because when you bite into it and you don't have the heart for you realize what it is and
Sad, but when when all the stars align and you can eat that it's great
And one time I ordered it and I got the cinnamon twists
which I knew were cheap because my buddy my best friend worked at a Taco Bell and I would
in this is when I was like 18, so, you know, I was pulling up and I was like
What can I get for free?
And he and he always said it was like the cinnamon twist because we just make the like we don't make it to order
We just make a whole bunch so we can we give them for free just as a treat a magical moment
Just a magical moment. It's not you're giving away so much information. Oh, yeah
Yeah, like you're gonna put the bail out of business. How do you capitalize on this?
You just go to the window and you're like, hey, listen, I want cinnamon twists and I ain't gonna pay for
You do it that which that will do you think do you guys do that thing where you'll get your order and then you pull
Up a little bit and you stop and you go through the back to make sure it's all in there
Do you think like the employee ever watches you do that from the window and they're like fuck man, you don't trust me probably I
Can still see you here at my house?
You just checked it what probably but also one time not one time a couple times now
There has not been a toy inside of happy meals that has oh full-blown
five harm house fires
So that's the worst. We fool me once or twice. No way. Yeah. Well see you got it
You just gotta be like me and be a turbo nerd and be like, oh no. No, they didn't forget the toy
Here's a super Saiyan 5 Goku statue. They put in here
I
We're gonna put it on the shelf so we can look at it, but they did
This is a 12-inch
Sculpted statue that they put in your bag. Enjoy it. Enjoy it. Yeah, that's a
Kill Bill sword. It's all yours, buddy. Have fun. That's an Atari right there
Like I took my three-year-old through Burger King yesterday and the toy was I kid you not
pictures of dolphins and I handed it to her and she looked at me like I had just kicked her in like how
Fucking dare you. Sorry. What is it again? Dad pictures of dolphins? Wow, that's so cool
I wish everybody had an electronic device that could instantly pull up high-resolution video of dolphins
Oh what we do, but thank you for these great
Cherishable pictures of dolphins
They're half like most of the time now when I get a children's story for my child in a bag
It's like something that then I the parent have to build and I think this is completely
Defeating the purpose of having something to distract my daughter so that I can have five
Peaceful moments to myself while she's staring at me going fish building that tackle or whatever
Yeah, you keep going to the McDonald's when they have the gunplug giveaways with that
Can you build this HG Gundam Freeman, please?
Yeah
You know and a well-ventilated area, yeah, no I I feel the same way whenever it's a whack toy
I'm like I failed you but also I'm like you failed yourself because I did research as a kid
I remember you would look and you know, okay, okay Lion King's coming out. They got the Simba toys
This is what I'm asking dad for McDonald's. Okay, they got they go. Yeah, whenever it was like, oh
Here's this like slightly not cool. So I was like, oh we can eat it. We got McDonald's at home dad. It's fine
I recently a BB on a Saturday saw that they had in cancer toys. So we went on Sunday and
The window like it was the toy changeover and I said, do you still have in Canada? Like and they're like no
We had I got and I said, can you know?
I know and there was a long pause and then they're like, yeah
We don't have any and I wanted to be like I don't listen. I I don't think they
Did guarantee they did not look my child is in the car. Like can you tell I'm like you got it
But you remember when Burger King sold golden Pokemon cards inside of metal
Po like you would roll up to Burger King bill
Let me get a kid's meal and those have the golden pokeball Pokemon cards that have right and they would be like no man
That's five extra dollars and it's like you're a toy store now Burger King. Nice try. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah, they did that on the reg because they also did that what like I remember buying a nightmare before Christmas watches
Oh, yeah. No, I got the Wild Wild West sunglasses
Boy
Boy, oh
Man, do you still have them? No because that same day we went to Disneyland and me being an idiot kid
Wore them on Space Mountain, which if you know what Space Mountain is, there's no reason to wear sunglasses
They're gone
It's that you want to get rid of
West Jim West Desperado on space
But it's just you reaching out towards nothing as your parents
Hey
Please look on the floor Space Mountain decapitated looking for sunglasses
If he can I ask what you did it Disneyland
Oh that if you're one, I know you're one of the princesses you have to say you were like Ariel's friend. Yeah
Yeah, that's that's the scale they do and you know
I gotta say the magic dies the moment you walk backstage because the first thing I saw on my first day
I'm working at Disneyland was Mickey with his head off smoking a cigarette and I was like, well, there it is
But I worked on honey. I shrunk the audience and Astro orbiter eventually
Was once the no, well Astro orbiter kind of sucks honey. I shrunk the sorry. I'm sorry. I was your fault
You didn't design it
Honey, I shrunk the audience. I was the kid one time on that was on the giant
Yeah, that got blue screen. I had to act like oh no
I'm gonna be is like I did a really good job like the cast member said that I did great
Which I feel like if I had not done really well, they would have said good. Yeah
Yeah, right. All right, but you nailed it back back when it used to be the MGM
Studios instead of Hollywood Studios. I was in a live show and I don't want to brag
But I was waiting backstage to go on and do my bit or whatever. And this isn't the Alfred Hitchcock
No, that's a universal right? Yeah, well, that's another great one, but it doesn't exist anymore
but this was like some kind of old-timey movie show and
read the one of the performers filled up pie set with some whipped cream and then turned me and said put your hands out and
I cut my hands and they filled my hands with whipped cream and it was one of the like when people say like hey
What's your favorite Disney memory? I'm like, well, there's one time when I was nine years old
I got to eat a handful of just whipped cream. It was the greatest experience
I have ever had a Disney because an adult was just like
So don't I would not complain at Taco Bell
Yeah, yeah in closing
Yeah, just take your free burrito and go. Yeah go with God if you what what do you got going on?
What you want to tell people about? Oh, man, you know definitely play apex legends. I write for that game watch Grand Crew we got
You know depending on when you hear this they got two episodes left after the Olympics and that that's enough information for you to figure it out
Because we're where I think we got one more week of the Winter Olympics
Use Hulu. It's on Hulu all of it like always and yeah, follow me on Twitter Instagram. See what I'm up to
I'm streaming on Twitch. You could watch me yell at games because I'm bad. Okay. Well, thanks if he yeah
Appreciate you coming by anytime. Call my line if he knew all the way everybody if you want away
Thank you so much for joining our program. You're welcome
And now please excuse yourself by hanging up the real phone
That you're holding
You okay, but I'll be waiting in this room still
Okay, fair enough. Bye
Thank you so much for joining us that is going to do you're welcome Travis you
Dumbass what? Oh, I thought I was it talking to you
Well, I know that Justin we got lots of great stuff available for you to purchase if you come in McElroy
Go to McElroy.com
we got
20 rendezvous fancy takes flight pins designed
by the
illustrious
Has been hide that you can see more of Lucas's work at the link on the website. They're very cute
We've got the I'm not ashamed of my clown husband
Bumper sticker, which is just the light
by Jacob Bailey and then we got a saw buttons pin of the month a bunch of other stuff
The guppies want me blink sharks fear me sticker, you know
Lots of great stuff that pin of the month by the way benefits the National Black Women's Justice Institute
So make sure you check that out. Um, thank you to Montaigne for the use of our theme song
My life is better with you. It's a groovy track
With a beat you can really bump ass to
Yeah, okay, yeah
That's just how did you see Montaigne's doing a show with Tom Hardy? Yeah. Yes
You see that we got a virtual live show coming up. Yeah. Yeah, February 26th 9 p.m
Eastern time tickets are just $10. They're on sale now
Video on demand of that is gonna be available two weeks after the show. Go get your tickets now bit.ly slash
MBM be am virtual. It's just gonna be a real good time great oldies
We're gonna have fun. We're gonna have we're gonna learn a little bit. We're gonna laugh a little bit
We're gonna love a lot. So come join us bit.ly slash MBM be am virtual
I think that's it. Yeah. Yeah, I also I stream on Twitch, you know
I haven't mentioned that in a while twitch.tv slash the Travis McElroy. I've been playing a lot of fortnight
I'm not gonna lie and I just got like I just got a stream deck that lets me play like I've got buttons on
Yeah, I love it a lot. And also if you don't want to care about any of that
I have to have a little camera a picture in picture of my fish tank you can stare at so there's that
Hey, this final Yahoo was sent in by ribs
Shh
Ribs Shh is their name
Weird because like that's those that's just bones and then telling someone to be quiet
Like it doesn't seem like much of a name doesn't it? It could be food. It could be like I'm eating
I'm gonna eat some rich just reading question. I've got a wrap-up grip
Okay. Well, okay ribs Shh
Asks or did they send it in I lost track
says
Anyone else feeling
What's cooking in the kitchen
Griffin yeah
Just read the fucking question that what the question was it says mm-hmm. Is anyone smelling?
What's cooking in the kitchen?
My name is Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. It's been my brother. My brother may kiss your dad square on the lips
To
Oh Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
