The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Guys. Guys.
What? Are you guys there?
Yes, we're here. This is it. This is the show.
Did you hear the news? What's that? What's the news?
I don't know how it happened, because science hasn't explained it yet, but Al Roker can see
into the future. What?
He is a prognosticator. He is a Gautama man. He's a modern day Nostradamus, except with more
fluctuating weight patterns. Right?
He can see into the future. He's like-
What are you baiting, Griffin? What are you basing this on?
He's like the living version of the Almanac book from Back to the Future,
because he knows the living- According to what? He's like the living, eating version
of the Almanac. If the book was a man.
It's like he's eating Back to the Future.
So, have you guys watched the Today Show lately? I know you have.
I'm there every day. I turn it on at 6 a.m. I'm like, Hoda, Kathy Lee, I'll check you soon,
but right now I'm Lowers. I'm all Lowers. Lowers putting some flavor.
You know what I call them? You know what I call them? I call them Lowers hours.
Yeah. Those are my Lowers hours.
Those are your Lowers hours when you play Roker Poker,
which is when you masturbate while watching out Roker.
So, anyway, while you're there, you're playing Roker Poker,
he tells you what's going to happen at the Olympics that day. He knows it.
He knows it. He saw it.
If there was any market for betting on the Olympics, this man would be rich.
He has. He has.
Hey, people, why haven't Bookie stepped up and worked out, I don't know,
some kind of gambling on the Olympics or something?
He possesses the site, and it's not very handy except for every even numbered year,
I guess, but it's better than nothing. I don't have the site for shit.
And honestly, let's be honest, about half of those are some games that nobody really cares about.
Because you know why you don't care about the Winter Olympics?
Because you don't get to see all the beautiful, all the heavenly bodies, you know?
Mm-hmm. Like, that's the problem with the Winter Olympics is everybody's so frumpy.
Yeah, it's like, hey, Curling, let's see that. Let's see those glutes. Get them out.
I don't want it. It's not for sex. I just want to admire the glutes.
Yeah, it's not a sexual thing.
It's not a sexual thing at all. I promise you, I just appreciate a good muscle,
and you got two of them down there. So let's peep those.
Let's get that out.
I was playing Roker Poker, and now these glutes are in front of me, but fuck it. Let's keep it going.
I'm really enjoying the coverage that shows me the workout routines of the Olympic athletes,
because I can't be motivated to do regular exercise, and now you're going to rub it in
my face with the world's most physically fit people are doing, as if I'm going to go to that
level. That's what I'm going to do.
I enjoy the coverage that they're doing where they show things that happened at previous Olympics
that were just huge and epic, like Keri Strug landing her vault and everything, and amazing
moments, and then comparing the current Olympians to them. So not only do I get to feel the pressure
of being compared to the current Olympians, but then they also get to feel bad, because they're
not as cool as people that competed 12 years ago.
It really is horse shit. You can't show the miracle on ice and then cut over to that bad
mitten game that the South Korean team threw. You can't go from miracle on ice to the uh-oh
with a shuttlecock. Did anybody else know that there was a bad mitten world federation?
Yeah, it's one guy who's never had to do anything in his life, and then they came to him like,
listen, this is the most important decision you'll ever make in your entire life.
And he looked up from his bowl of ramen noodles, and he said, listen to the words I'm about to
say, because they're going to be very important. This sport is kids play horse shit. We call the
thing you hit a shuttlecock because of how fucking stupid it is. You can't expect me to
take it seriously, because nobody else is going to. It's called bad mitten. Nobody fucking cares.
It sucks. Do you think there was any kind of convincing that had to happen to get them to
throw the games, or do you think it was like, I need you to- yeah, you got it.
Yeah, we want you to not- You didn't even hear my pitch. No, I don't care.
Here's what we want you to do. We want you to not play bad mitten.
I'm afforded that option every day, and you know what? I jump at it.
What do you get? What kind of sponsorships are you hoping to land if you gold in bad mitten?
Oh man, you get the fly leaf. They make the best shuttlecocks. They're very aerodynamic.
They actually had to outlaw them in this, because last year everybody was breaking all of the
bad mitten world records. Yeah, bad mitten so far.
And then one time somebody hit a shuttlecock so hard it went through a guy. It just went through
his chest, and they had to cancel fly leaf shuttlecocks. And it didn't kill him. It buried
halfway through. He still lives with it to this day. Yeah, it's really horrifying. It powers a
mechanical suit. He's become a bit of a mascot, actually. His friends make him lie on the floor,
and they put Cheetos in it. And then if he sneezes real hard, they all fly out,
and it's a great game for everyone. Do you guys think that right after the Olympics,
all the Olympians get together and just have a fucking Cheetos jamboree? They're like,
fuck it. Michael Phelps is done. He's won 22 Olympic medals, and he said he's never competing
again. That dude has got to be on a fucking combos spree right now. He's got to be filling those
bugles with that whiz, and he has got to be living right. Travis pointed out, but I do have to ask,
it's got to just turn into an orgy usually, right? You have a city full of the most physically fit
humans in the world, and you've got them in cramped quarters. And they're all riding the
highest testosterone. Yeah, right. You've got the drama. They're all coming down off the highest
endorphin high of competing and winning in front of an international landscape. It's got to be like,
okay, so it's time to fuck. When you have 22 pieces of precious, precious metal hanging
around your neck, and you're out on the town in London surrounded by attractive people,
when you have that much décolletage, all you're thinking about is, I know I'm getting fucked
tonight. Michael Phelps is getting fucked tonight. There's a one in 22 chance that I'm
getting boned tonight. Yeah, and Michael Phelps will fuck anything. If you slow to a trot in front
of Michael Phelps, he will fuck you. And don't jump in the water thinking that it's like hornets.
He's going to get you in the water. He is not machine gun fire. He can get you up in there.
He will get you up in the water, and I do want to be clear. It will be consensual.
If you get within a few feet of him, the way his pheromones mixed with chlorine is utterly
intoxicating, at least that's what I told my wife. Web fingers attached to his 10 foot long arms
will caress your cheek in such a way that you can't say no. You see him coming down the street
with his metal, and you say, oh, it's just one metal, but then they fan out like the acid
spitting dinosaur from Jurassic Park. All 22 of them just sort of fan out, and you swoon,
and then you poon. Now, I do want to warn you about Michael Phelps. He's been training so hard
that he has lost the use of the English language, so he will look directly in your eyes and say,
Phelps... Phelps... inside. Phelps... inside. Please take Phelps inside. No more water.
I'm sorry, Phelps clammy skin.
It's dry up here.
Phelps cold.
Can you keep Phelps warm?
To be fair, Phelps does love Chunk.
Yeah, sure.
This feels good on Phelps tummy fin.
That's what his penis has to be for him, right?
Another piece of drag, right?
Another thing to shave a few hundros off the old time.
Phelps is smooth down there like G.I. Joe.
We can all agree that Phelps is probably a more tender lover than Ryan Lochte, right?
I think so.
Ryan Lochte is high on winning.
Michael Phelps has been through this before.
He knows how it ends.
He wants you to win.
He wants you to win now, Ryan.
It's your time to shine.
No, he wants you to win sexually.
Oh, sexually.
He wants you to take home the sexual gold.
Hey, this is my brother, my brother and me.
It's an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-aged brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
That was the longest lead-in I think we've ever...
That was 10 advice-free minutes for the folks at home.
Yeah, guaranteed.
And now I want to record an R&B album called Sexual Gold.
Can we sing the...
Oh, baby.
It's a complete spoken word album.
I'm Michael Phelps.
You know what?
We've piddled enough.
Let's get into the advice.
I really want to take a swing dance class with my boyfriend, but he is vehemently opposed to the idea.
I mean vehemently opposed to the idea.
I'm sure it's because he's embarrassed or afraid to look stupid or uncoordinated in public.
How can I convince him to get over his fear of looking silly and dance with me?
And that's from dancing by myself.
Well, the good news is because it's swing dancing, there's all but two people look uncoordinated doing it.
And those two people are busy filming movie set in the 1940s.
Right.
I have to warn you something.
Since the year, let's call it 1949, and every year past that, if you see two people swing dancing at a public event, everyone since 1949 has had the same thought.
These fucking people.
That's what everybody thinks when you swing dance in front of them.
And that would be my only problem with swing dancing classes.
It might actually be kind of fun to take the class.
It probably would be super fun.
But you know, like, Cherry Pop and Daddies are going to come on at the wedding and you're going to have a look.
You just touched on it.
I feel, John Favreau has done a lot of things to help this country.
But that fucking scene from Swingers is not one of them.
It's, I feel like that scene from fucking Swingers let an entire generation of people who saw the movie Swingers were like,
I want that.
If I dance good like that, then Heather Graham will like me.
But she won't.
She can't.
You don't know her.
She doesn't have emotion.
She doesn't have emotions either.
I also think that my other problem with swing dancing is that no one has ever started swing dancing and anyone's thought,
I bet they can just naturally do that.
No, that's the problem.
They know you've been prepping to like impress them for a long time.
And then it's like, oh, man.
You're going from like, if you do that shit at a wedding or something like that, fuck you.
Like, because it's their special day, not yours.
And when you swing dance at a wedding, like you're not just having fun.
You're performing.
This is a show.
Unless you're in the hit musical Swing, you should not take swing dancing.
Even then, like you can stand on the stage and be like, no, guys, it just feels a little pretentious.
Now we need to, now we need to help the person.
This is me helping.
This is me helping.
You're backing up the guy though.
The guy didn't write in.
Well, OK, well, let me say this.
This is helpful advice to tell your boyfriend.
The point of a class is for people who don't know how to do it to show up.
Like if his worry is looking stupid and uncoordinated and not being able to do the thing, that's why you go to a class.
That's a sweet, sweet, sweet world that you live in, Travis.
But that is not the truth.
You think that if somebody, here's how it works, Travis.
And this is a great, this is a great example of this sort of scenario, like would be perfect for this happening.
Is somebody goes to a swing dancing class and they spend two years getting their swing dancing so right.
And then they get out of swing dancing class and like, well, shit, now I have no place to swing dance.
I know I'll go back to the beginner level swing dancing class and make people think like I'm some sort of fucking zoot suit daddy prodigy.
Well, then that person should like test into swing dance six.
They shouldn't be back in swing dance one.
Yeah.
Looking beginner Charlie, make him look stupid.
That person no longer wants to learn the art of the swing.
They just want to get. Oh, now he's a swing hustler.
He's a fucking swing hustler.
He just wants to get his rocks off.
He just wants to make swing bets.
And like, I bet I can throw this girl between my legs and catch her.
No way, dude.
This is beginner swing.
And then he does it and dudes out 20 bucks.
Right.
Hey, I bet you can't swing.
Oh, you're right. I don't swing very well.
Do you want to have a swing off?
And then it's like swing, swing, swing, swing, hustle.
And then it's like your wife is mine now.
And you see that more and more every day since swingers came out.
It's suddenly everybody's swinging everywhere.
Well, no, just me.
That's not not exactly.
I mean, swingers did come out like, like a year and a half ago tops.
So it really is.
It's really still pretty hot.
I am having a hard time with this because I don't think I myself would.
It's just such an ostentatious thing to learn.
That's my problem.
Here's the thing.
I was in a couple musicals in which I learned to swing dance and it is incredibly fun.
Like there's a reason it looks fun and it's because it is.
And it but but it's fun for you and your partner.
It's not fun for anybody else.
But fuck them.
As long as they give you a wide nose circles that when you lift her up and she does that thing where she kicks backwards, she doesn't knock anyone out.
You're good.
That's the real problem.
Have you considered the legal ramifications of swing dancing?
Have you considered how how the first time you like your fluffy skirt like spins around and lacerate someone's red?
Yeah. Have you considered how you're going to deal with those?
When you swing or like when it picks you up and your skirt falls down and like, oh, there's her butt.
Yeah. It's awkward.
Now, Travis, do you know what legal do you know what legal things are?
Because that's not technically against the law.
Everyone can see her legal briefs.
Yeah, sure. That's gross.
When you swing dance with somebody and they are the the passive, the more passive person of the swing dance.
They're the sub.
They are basically you are turning them into fucking human nunchucks.
And like, you're not ready for that kind of level of power or responsibility.
But no, have fun.
But have fun. Really enjoy.
Have fun. Really get up in there.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Yes.
We've never turned a question on somebody like that before.
But I guess if somebody wrote in and was like, hey, I'm thinking about like eating poison, but my boyfriend says not to.
We would probably come down on the same side.
I guess I like that.
All I'm getting at.
And and this is sort of the the maybe the more practical, you know, side of this advice is that if it's not something that both of you are excited to do, there's like so many different things.
I mean, there's so many other things to do.
And if he's not excited about it, I mean, you could try to you could try to badger him into it and you would win eventually.
But you is that you could always trade off of like one of these classes with you.
And then I'll go to and I'll finally do that gross whipped cream thing that you want me to do.
Like that's where you put the nozzle for the can of whipped cream, like in your butt.
And then you empty the entire can in there.
You just shoot it all up in there.
It's called a squeaky Greg.
Why does he want to give you a squeaky Greg?
It's 2012. Those are illegal.
In most states, not in every state.
It's illegal to give you.
Well, that's the that's part of the trip he wants to with.
He wants to whisk you away to Delaware or squeaky Greggs are still street legal.
It's great. It's only it's only.
Baby, you've got to see the trees up there and oh, we'll get some cider.
You're going to love it.
Hey, pack the ready whip.
Just pack the ready whip in case we like want to put it on the cider or you know what?
We can probably buy some cans there.
Yeah. And I do mean some cans.
Yeah. Please.
Yeah. Yeah.
Don't get it twisted.
If there is only one can, we'll have to we'll have to search out some old other some old general storage or something.
But hey, you know what?
It'll be like antiquing.
Oh, it'll be.
You know how you always want to go antiquing?
It'll be like that.
It'll be a lot like turning you into human cannoli.
You're going to love it.
It's going to. Thanks, Delaware.
You guys want to Yahoo?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Cool.
This one was sent in by Spummy or spew me.
Thank you.
Whichever two of those you like better.
It's by Yahoo Answers user DS who asks how to collect my scent for GF.
I'm going off to college and I want to give my girlfriend some of my pheromones to remember me by.
I also want them to last.
What is the best way to do this?
I have two ideas.
One go on a run in an undershirt, then put the shirt in a bag and the freezer.
I could do this multiple times.
No.
Should I shower without antiperspirant before the run to sleep in an undershirt for a couple of days?
Presumably I should shower before this, too.
I'm extremely healthy in terms of diet and exercise, and I know my sweat should be pretty pure.
Don't tell me I'm weird.
I already know.
Is purity a factor?
Oh, this is 100% crystallized pure.
I am so grossed out right now.
This shit will get you so high.
What he's asking is in what form should I scum up a t-shirt and give it to my girlfriend?
Because nothing says I love you like handing over some dirty laundry.
Hey guys, girls aren't weird like you are.
They're not weird.
There's no reality in which it's like, gosh, Darlene, I really enjoyed getting drinks with you and the girls,
but right now I have to go home and smell my boyfriend's dirty shirt for the freezer.
It's six months old, and he ran in it for eight days, and it's grown legs, and it's walking around in the freezer.
Let's see.
I got some skinny cow up in here.
I got some ready whip.
I got a brown and yellow flannel that used to be a white shirt.
It used to be a plain white shirt.
Now it's a brown and yellow flannel because of its odors.
Why not just get her a fucking necklace?
How about a necklace?
How about a necklace or a DiCaprio?
How about you just do that?
Or a locket, and you can drip your juices into a file.
No, I'm trying to stay away from anything that comes from your body.
No, because we've got to keep your smell in the rotation somehow, so you've got to get some sort of phylactery.
Okay, so you're going to want to get her a pillow case stuffed with your own hair.
How about just a pillow that you have slept on?
Because when you sleep on a pillow for long enough, that pillow is basically a small dead version of you
because it's covered in your cells and your smells.
So just give that to her, and then she can have that.
And then when you're off fucking all kinds of college buddies and you're developing new smells,
smells like incense, smells like swing dancing, other college books, then she'll have that to remember you by.
Hey, I have a message for this question asker.
Listen, I've only known you for one Yahoo Answers question,
but I'm pretty sure that she is planning on dumping you before you go.
You are very weird.
Although it might be, it's a pretty good excuse as you hand her your gross sweaty t-shirt for her to be like,
oh, this is exactly the window I've been looking for.
You're done.
Great, you're done. You're out.
Three strikes. You're out.
It's actually 38 strikes. You're so weird.
Oh, what is this?
It's a grocery bag with an old ass sweaty t-shirt in it.
Okay, great.
The door's over there. It's been fun.
It's cold out there. Do you want this back? Are you sure? Okay.
We've actually never dated.
Hey, real quick.
You sit behind me in math class, so thank you for the shirt.
I appreciate the shirt. Can you just run me through really quick?
Why does it stink like shit?
I really like the iPod Nano you've given me.
I was curious why it doesn't reek of your personal musk.
It's damp, though.
Yeah, it is damp, but it doesn't really reek of your self-esteem.
I am a woman, and this is a man's shirt.
It does not appear to be new out the store,
and it reeks like shit like a man would smell.
So if you could just run me through really quick, I'm going to miss you so much.
Have fun at college.
Have fun at college. Goodbye.
A lot of people don't know that Blue Can Trail wrote Hit Em Up Style after exactly an incident like this.
Her boyfriend gave her a musk shirt, and then she went on a shopping spree.
Justin, have you ever worried that you have an inappropriate fascination with Blue Can Trail?
It's like every other episode we reference that fucking song.
You really think so?
I wasn't going to say anything, but you're in a safe place here, and we love you.
I just feel like you're a little bit obsessed with it.
I just think she's a talent.
Our key demographics, the numbers we've really pushed the ads on,
this is a generation that does not know this song, I bet.
We could start referencing Single Ladies. That's a good one.
Would that be good? Would that be better?
He gave her a stank ass shirt, and he didn't put a ring on it.
I think in this case, Irreplaceable would be better.
To the left, to the left.
I know, it's so hard to say.
All your fucking stinky shirts are in the garbage, and I set them on fire because they smell so bad.
And then they sweat, got burned, and now it's in my walls.
You need to tear down all the wallpaper and put up new wallpaper.
Because it smells like your body odor in the kitchen, which sucks because that's where I eat.
Baby.
Hey, I've had a crush on a girl for a few months now. I just asked her out yesterday.
She said that she was flattered, but she doesn't think the relationship would be for her.
That's a crazy excuse.
That sounds great, just not for me.
That sounds like a really weird, interesting arrangement.
Just not sure it would be a great fit for me right now.
But I'll tell all my friends.
So my question is, should I continue being her friend and pursue a relationship later or just try to move on?
We are in our early 20s.
You need to take that microphone, and you need to turn it horizontally to the ground.
And then you need to let it fall.
And then you need to put one fist in the air, and then you need to walk away.
There was a piece of advice that Griffin used to give quite frequently, but I think it would be apropos in this case.
Don't wear silk on a Sunday.
Nope.
No, not that.
Give the people what they want.
Fish and friends go bad.
Nope.
So eat them both quickly.
Nope.
Are you talking about like, I'll pack your bags and move away?
Yeah, you do that because you're done.
You're out and you can't be here anymore.
When you say to a girl, hey, I think we should go out on a date, and she says, that sounds great, just not for me.
That's not really what I'm into right now.
You pick up your bags and put on your hobo hat and you shuffle on down the road to the next town.
That advice, though, is incongruous with the other advice which we've been giving out this year, which is get it in 20 days.
This person took a shot, went for it, went up to this person, got it, didn't get it, but they shot for it.
You know what I mean?
But he didn't stick the landing to continue on with the Olympics.
You didn't stick the landing.
And he shouldn't have to fucking leave town because there are tons of reasons to pack your bags and move away, and I don't think this is one of them.
But you're forgetting about, and this is sort of the dark side of 20 Does, right, because as powerful as Get It in 20 Does is, it's sort of like whatever motherfucker first said, live like you were dying or carpe diem or whatever.
Can we work YOLO?
YOLO, exactly.
It's so much fun to say. I wish we could say it more on the podcast.
I know, right, but we can't.
I feel like this power's been tapped already, the YOLO power's been tapped.
Not too late for Gangnam Style, but it's too late for YOLO, I think.
Sure, Gangnam Style, okay.
But like, the dark side of that is that you are not dying, and you are going to carpe other diems, and you do only live once, but you have to live the whole thing.
You can dance like nobody's watching, but guess what?
People are fucking watching, and they're saying, look at those fucking douchebags swing dancing.
I have an idea.
No day but today.
And then Tuesday.
Yes, that's accurate.
And then your dad's birthday.
And then your dad's birthday, and then you and Janine are going out to the lake.
There's other days, there really are.
This is my suggestion.
This is what people need to start doing.
Carry around with you a tiny notepad and a tiny pencil.
And if something like this happens again, and you ask a girl out, and she says no, pull out the notepad and pencil and cross something off and say thank you very much for your time.
Then move to the next closest girl to you and ask her out.
And then just continue on with the circle, marking people off your list.
That is actually metaphorically like how Travis got through college.
That's basically just like that.
When you said that, did you think of that as soon as we read the question, and then you just sort of let her sit there in the chamber and wait for a time in which you could interpret?
I actually let that bounce around for a while, and it still came out.
You let that one just percolate, and you really honed it down to a perfect diamondine point.
I don't see anything wrong with that, because what it is is it gives you an out.
The fucking dumbest thing ever to do that anyone's ever done.
No, because it gives you an out, because suddenly you're not embarrassed, because she was just next on the list to see what was up.
Yeah, except everyone's going to think you're a fucking serial killer, dog.
Well, there is that.
I'm not saying it's a perfect plan.
It's the farthest from that.
It's the farthest from perfect.
I'm not saying it's a perfect plan.
It's a plan of garbage.
It has some faults.
It's all faults.
It has some faults.
It's made from faults.
It's from fault pie.
It has a certain air of fault to it.
It's a fault tart.
There's not even a crust on top.
It's just a bottom crust of dookie, and then faults all through it, made in it.
You know, to each his own.
That's what I say.
Yeah, one man's trash is a...
Yep.
One man's fault is another man's win.
It's...
So, here is the answer, and I will tell you the answer now.
You are out.
Like, Griffin had it right.
You're done.
And because...
And I'm not saying, like, men and women can't be friends, because they can.
But that's not what you were in it for.
That's not what you...
Not at all.
And if you were to continue to be her friend under the pretense of eventually dating her again...
Yeah, girls know that.
Like, they're pretty smart about...
If you think you're gonna, like...
You're gonna Wile E. Coyote your way through this one.
Like, she's not gonna see it coming, and then she'll fall off a cliff, and you'll catch her, and you'll be in love forever.
Because if you think about it, like, what's your hope that she, right now, when you were really playing game, wasn't interested?
But maybe if you try to fake a friendship with her, and she knows that for a while, that's what's gonna make her go,
You know, I'm gonna think twice about this guy now that he's totally trying to worm his way into my life.
It's just gonna be hard on your heart, and you shouldn't spend your time that way.
It's spent...
Dog...
Fucking...
Listen to me.
Listen to the words I'm saying.
This is a hundred percent, like, legitimately true advice.
If you're in college, don't waste a fucking second on this.
Don't waste a goddamn second.
Because you're not always gonna be in college, and then you're gonna look back and say,
Oh my god, why did I waste as much time as I wasted?
It keeps me up at night.
Like, don't let it happen to you.
Just live it as hard as you possibly can.
Don't be a statistic.
And don't pine for people who are callous with your heart.
Do what you can now so that you don't have to look back when you're old and callous and say to people in college,
Move on, man, don't waste a minute.
Don't turn people into projects.
There are people out there, there are dozens of people out there who would like you and would like to spend time with you
and want to be with you because you are who you are.
People you don't have to, like, wear down.
Don't waste your time that way.
Get it. Get out.
Get it in 20 does with somebody else now.
You're done.
Cross around the list and move on to the next person.
Don't fucking...
No lists!
Don't do that!
It works!
You can have lists in... I feel like elementary school is okay to have lists of girls that you would want to, you know,
I guess in elementary school, like, smooch on the cheek or something.
I don't think that that can...
Your top ten smooch list.
Yeah, your top ten.
I don't think that that can go... I don't think that can leave the elementary school.
And don't go to elementary school now and make one because you're fucking 22 and that's gross.
Do you think that metaphorically, like, when we look back at college and think of all the times we didn't get it.
Yeah.
And you're like, ugh.
Do you think that's what, like, all of life is like that metaphorically?
Like, if you're not getting it, it's so...
The difference between college and the life I'm living right now, this is what I'm saying.
The difference between college and the life I'm in right now is similar to the difference between...
Is relatable metaphorically the difference between being alive and being dead is basically what I'm saying.
Yeah.
Do you think that's an accurate metaphor?
I don't think it's...
I bet that Hell is just like a series of being able to watch, like, completely watch on like television or on a giant movie screen,
those moments and then like having a pop up video that's like, if he would have done this,
then this is the million dollar idea that would have changed his life or it would have been the most amazing night of his life.
But he didn't because he was chicken shit.
Hey, if you'd ordered the Panang curry, Steve Buscemi would have heard and he'd be like, oh, bro, that's my fave.
Let's party down.
And then he would have been best friends with Buscemi.
Yeah. And that is, I guess, life's ultimate achievement.
What the fuck are you talking about?
I regret...
I'm just saying it's a cool thing that could happen.
My life is perfect right now.
I have a great podcast and family and girlfriend and job.
But man, me and Buscemi were buds.
What if Buscemi were your roommate?
Oh, God, I would forsake everything to be a Buscemi bud.
You fucking idiots.
I'm sorry that this isn't enough.
I'm sorry that you don't live satisfying lives and that you need like a trap toothed actor to help you,
to help you find satisfaction.
I'm going to tell Sydney all this shit that you said and Teresa.
You don't have to listen.
Listen, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, I love you.
But I, I love, love Buscemi.
So I just feel like there's a Buscemi shaped hole in my heart.
It was for Sydney's for Sydney's sake that I didn't pick like a girl or something.
Like I didn't say like and then Kathleen Turner would hear.
And you would get totally crazy.
So wait, in your mind, Kathleen Turner is the female version of Steve Buscemi?
Like they're equivalent.
Right. Exactly.
Oh, Christ.
Let's go to the money zone.
It's time.
I'm ready.
You're ready.
Hey, Griffin, who's this message for?
It's for Amanda A-M-A-N-D-A.
Hey, Travis, who's this message from?
From Cody.
It's from Cody?
For fuck's sake.
Oh, was there like a thing?
That would have been the traditional first anniversary gift is paper.
And the internet is kind of like paper.
So Cody thought that an N-B-N-B-A-M blessing would be a neat way to surprise his beautiful, loving, nerdy wife while she's driving or doing her makeup.
After all, she first introduced Cody to that sweet, sweet McElroy wisdom.
So congratulations to the two of you on your anniversary, on your first one.
And Amanda and Cody, I want you to know you have my blessing.
You can now pursue your relationship with the blessing.
Time to consummate this.
What else we got, Travis?
Can we just address the fact that what we do is not paper?
You realize we're not like talking into paper and then putting it on iTunes.
Well, hold on.
Okay, well, I've been meaning to talk to you about your recording setup for a while because it's...
It filters out all my plosives.
Yeah.
Travis used to pop his pees really bad.
But then he started shouting it into paper, making indentions and reading it with a needle.
And it depends on like how loud it is because sometimes it's three-sheeter, sometimes it's a four-sheeter.
It just depends on the day.
Yeah, tell me about it.
Poop, like poop.
Nope.
We got another message for Tyler Matheson.
And the message is from Ben Gordon.
He says, happy birthday to a loyal MBMBAM listener for a present.
Could you creatively insult our friend, Corin?
He's getting a dual masters in literature and poetry.
I would submit that Corin is doing a fine job of it himself.
But how can we make fun of him?
He's a dual master.
Yeah.
He's fighting in both literature and poetry.
He's killing people with his words.
I don't want to get on this guy's bad side since he's so good at Yu-Gi-Oh!
That joke worked on two levels because he probably is pretty good at Yu-Gi-Oh!
I'm just glad that he's working long and hard, like probably 80 hours a week on these masters
so that he can work at McDonald's, I guess.
What do you do with literature and poetry degrees?
Besides try to impress women.
That's off.
You took it right out of my mouth.
Guys, I want to talk about the all new Squarespace 6.
This is a web design tool that lets you build your own website.
It's got beautiful new templates, a drag and drop, super simple interface, responsive design.
It's got social media connectivity.
It's got cloud stuff up in it.
So go to Squarespace.com.
Our listeners get 10% off by using offer code MYBROTHER8.
That is the number 8.
Don't spell it out.
MYBROTHER8 and you can get 10% off, all one word, and you can get 10% off their web tools.
I mean, it looks really slick.
It looks like some slick ass website.
And send us a link to the website you make with it so we can check it totally out.
Go check it out.
I can't confirm that griffonspacejam.com is built on Squarespace, but wink nod.
Maybe it is.
But it probably isn't.
I don't want to give them a bad name because it's a nice website, but it's not Squarespace material.
I did want to mention one other thing.
Fundinghunter.com, it's a free social site directed to entrepreneurs and investeurs.
Members can make profiles and pitch their ideas to other members using tools and features.
Anyone could be an investor.
Members make the connections and build relationships.
We provide the platform.
This site, Fundinghunter.com, is where you can learn more.
It's especially applicable for us because I think it's fair to say we've had a history of bad investments.
You think that's accurate.
I keep betting against Michael Phelps.
What the fuck am I thinking?
That's not an investor.
I did want to talk to you about that.
That's gambling.
No, it's an investment in Winston.
I invested in Family Circus, the comic strip.
But here's the problem.
The return on that investment, it has been zero.
I don't think that's a thing that you can invest in.
I did invest in it.
I filed the investment papers from the ride-aid parking lot, from the guy.
From that one guy.
If it makes you feel any better, at least it's just a zero return.
I've been losing money on Marmaduke for years.
That guy, though, he's got to be making a killing.
He's always out there.
He's been out there for 20 years, it seems like.
I got a little more specific.
I'm more of a risky investor.
I short sold Beetle Bailey.
That's a real blue chip there.
He's a blue chip.
That's one of your classic performers.
It mitigates the risk, I think.
I tried to short sell Jeffy, but then the cop showed up.
It's hard.
That's tricky.
There's a lot of copyright that goes into that, a lot of trafficking.
It's a sticky little wicket.
I got into BC really hardcore, but all the religious undertones really put off all my potential buyers.
I'm not going to fall for that one again.
Hey, Lockhorns!
Hey, if you could just turn a profit in this quarter fiscally, please.
Thank you.
Can you stop with the fighting and maybe focus on Black Ink for once?
If you could do that.
You're the worst, Lockhorns.
Just get a fucking divorce!
You're not happy together.
Split the stocks.
I'll take the shares of the lady and you take the shares of the guy.
We can just focus on profitability.
Maybe you meet somebody nice.
You're wasting your lives, Lockhorns.
You're wasting your lives.
Hey, my coworker is trying to get me to play Magic the card game, but I don't think my street cred can handle it.
Got any suggestions?
That's from Too Cool For Cards.
You don't have any street cred?
Yeah, well, first off that, guaranteed if you listen to this podcast, you ain't got no cred.
I love you listeners, but come on.
You ain't hard.
But also, more importantly, fuck your street cred because that shit's gonna keep you from doing all kinds of cool stuff that you would otherwise miss out on.
Like playing Magic.
And by cool stuff, I don't mean in the traditional sense where anybody would ever look at you and say, oh, that's a desirable sexual object.
But you'll probably have fun.
Griffin, you don't think ability to play Magic is a trait that people look for in a sexual partner?
I don't think anybody has ever perused somebody's swamp deck and gone, this person is fuckable.
Highly fuckable.
Now, I'm gonna disagree because I've been to PAX.
I'm going to disagree with you.
I think that's probably happening.
I do want to, if I had someone who was trying to get me to play Magic, I would probably do it.
My problem is that I'm a 31-year-old man.
I live in my house.
You mean that better than living outside your house?
I mean that in the hermetically sealed sense.
Justin is sealed for freshness inside of his house.
Right.
That's how I keep my cherubic look is I don't let myself get exposed to the elements.
His front door is tamper-proof.
No one's getting in here.
The only reason I'm not playing super nerdy-ass board games in Austin is just because I haven't met a group of people to play those with yet.
You can't be afraid of...
I've realized recently that it's a lot like trying to find, what I imagine, trying to find a drug dealer or buying or selling drugs.
There's a lot of innuendo and raised eyebrows when it comes to D&D.
I just started working at the theater and we were talking about video games and Dragon Age came up.
Somehow that led to this, like, have you ever played Dungeons & Dragons?
I mean, I may have.
I remember when we were trying to find out if our group of friends in Huntington would be interested in playing the new D&D.
This was a few years back.
It was our cool going out drinking buddy group of friends that I don't think we'd ever even played Risk with or anything like that.
Trying to broach that subject with them is like two fucking intelligence agency officers trying to drop secret codes at each other.
Like, hey, have you ever watched Lord of the Rings?
Do you like that swords and shit?
Yeah, what's that all about, huh?
Like in, you know, like Willow, like goblins and just like, hey, do you like Candyland?
Sorry, are you in operation or anything?
Can you imagine a world in which someone just like knocked on a door and was just like, I love Dungeons & Dragons and I think you do too.
Let's do this.
Oh, okay.
Suddenly it's out here in the light of day.
Oh, it's a lot more attractive than I would have thought.
Here's what's up.
I used to feel this nerd shame in a big, big way.
And even when I was like writing about games professionally, like I would be embarrassed to tell people what I did because I was in college and I was super, I cared about what other people thought about me.
But like, don't ever, if you want to play Magic the Gathering, like if you want to get super into it, just fucking do it.
Like if you want to do something and it's healthy, then just do it.
And don't let, you know, your so-called street cred, which isn't a real thing that exists.
Everybody's too busy like giving a shit about whether or not people think what they're doing is nerdy to actually do it to other people.
So just fucking.
But like, okay, I see your point. Like I know what you're saying and I do think anybody can get hung up on, you know, outside perception.
But at some point your inner perception comes into play too.
I mean, I think it's legitimate to say that you don't want to see, that's not the kind of person that you want to be.
You don't see yourself as the sort of person who plays Magic the Gathering.
But they haven't tried it yet.
First off, they haven't tried it yet. But second off, it's fucking stupid to define yourself that way.
Like, when you play, like if you play Magic the Gathering, if you start playing it, you are not all of a sudden the guy who plays Magic the Gathering.
And if you do think of yourself that way, then you need to-
Literally define, yes, you're incorrect. But go on.
You know what I mean. You're not like, hey, I'm the magic guy. Like, people don't introduce you to parties.
How many times do you think you need to get spotted by babes playing Magic the Gathering before that particular image sticks?
You're goofing. You are goofing right now.
But this is like the actual thing this person is worried about. Just fucking own it.
It's 2012. It's not 1995 where you're going to get beat up for fucking playing Magic the Gathering.
A nerd is not going to, or a bully is not going to come and like drop a big pile of sand in front of you and then proceed to kick it all over your face in cards.
Like, that scenario, by the way, did not take place on a beach. That's why they had to bring their own sand to kick on you.
They're not going to open a bag of sand and dump it at your feet and then wait for the whole thing to empty out and then kill you.
I swear to God, if you own it, like, you are never, ever, ever going to have an issue with this.
When John Locke was playing board games with his friend across the phone, is that when you thought John Locke ruled?
Or did you think John Locke ruled when he went to an island and brought a box of knives and started getting it?
That's, like, you don't ever see him like on the island.
And then he carved his own chess set.
Like, yeah.
With those knives, Justin.
Okay, correct.
And he played backgammon on the beach with Walt.
They're just trying to cling to civilization at that point. That's different.
If he had Sid Meier's civilization on the island, he would have put his knives down and said, oh, I think I'm going to get really good at this.
And maybe there's a chance that you start playing Magic Gathering with your friend, and then the writers realize that he's going nowhere.
So they write him off the show until, like, season six, and then they bring him back.
There's lots of things I haven't tried that I don't think are cool, so I don't want to do them.
Like what?
We just had like a ten-minute goof about how we're not going to take swing dancing classes because we don't want to be those people.
But that's different because if I got super into magic and I went out to a park or something and had an intense Magic the Gathering match, I wouldn't be doing it so other people would look at me.
Quite the opposite, actually.
But if I went to the park and started swing dancing, I might as well put up signs and fucking charge admission.
But would you wear a cloak?
That's what I keep coming back to is my question. Would you wear a cloak?
You're bordering on hate speech right now, so watch it.
You're being very mean to Magic the Gathering.
I'm not. No, I'm not.
This isn't what I'm saying.
What I'm saying is there are things that you don't have to feel peer pressure to be nerdier than you are.
That's what I'm saying.
No, you also don't have to feel peer pressure to not try new things.
That's what I'm saying. Everything that you are worried about, I swear to you, because this person's not going to go around throwing magic cards in everyone's face like,
I'm the king of all magic.
Unless it turns out he is the king of all magic that's been prophesied about for centuries.
There is a king of all magic. He is coming. Praise be his name.
But that's not what this person's doing.
This person is worried about outside scrutiny. It doesn't fucking exist. I swear to you it doesn't exist.
So let's boil it down. This is what I think we're saying.
Take a second. Close your eyes. Don't worry about anyone else.
If you truly don't want to play because you're not interested in doing it, fine.
Then you say, you know what? I've got enough stuff going on. I'm not interested in it. Great.
But if your only hesitancy to not do it is that you're afraid of being judged by other people, try it.
But do remember that you are judged by other people all the time.
You aren't being judged by other people all the time, and if you are, fuck those people.
That's going to have zero...
Because I guarantee they do something that they're embarrassed about.
Yeah, if you live your whole life like...
Maybe they're playing Roker Poker at home constantly, every day.
If you want to play Roker Poker in public, I think you should be able to.
I'm trying to get those laws passed through Congress.
It's a tough putt though.
Public masturbation is a big thing with these people.
What is your hang up?
Prudes?
It's the 60s.
It's not.
It makes me sad for people who have to keep their freak on a leash.
Griffin's not afraid to tell everyone about his Pokemon days.
By which I mean the present.
Now, this day, he's telling everyone about the day that he is in.
I'm not saying go around and write songs about Magic the Gathering and then sing them to people.
That's not what I'm saying.
Because then it's a fetish.
But don't be afraid to do it just because somebody walking by might tweet about it.
Fuck it, man. Life is way too short.
What if Steve Buscemi plays Magic and you don't get to be friends with Steve Buscemi
because he wants to play Magic the Gathering with you and you're afraid to try it?
If you're not embarrassed about it, there's nothing anybody can do that can hurt you.
You're doing it. You're owning it. You're living it. That's great.
What I'm saying is, if you're embarrassed about it, it doesn't jive with your own sense of self,
then you shouldn't feel like you have to do it.
It's okay to think that things aren't for you or they're not how you want to conduct yourself, I guess is what I'm saying.
I'm just saying everyone should watch the hit Jim Carrey movie, Yes Man.
Don't watch the Yes Man.
Yes. Yes. Watch the Yes Man. Say yes.
Okay.
Because it's the sequel to Liar Liar, which everyone loved.
Why didn't they just call it that?
This is literally, we had this conversation on the last podcast and I edited it out.
Really?
I swear to God.
I want to have it again.
I feel like I maybe didn't make my-
I understand what you're saying, but there is-
I don't want to come off as hypocritical because I do review video games for a living, but there are levels of being nerdy that I can't get into.
I'm overweight. I've got some strikes. I'm pasty. I've got some strikes against me.
There are levels of nerddom that I cannot embrace as a rule.
I played Magic a couple of times in high school. I sat down, had somebody walk me through it, teach me how to play it, played a game or two.
It wasn't for me. It wasn't something I picked up on and I've continued on to this day.
But leading up to it, it was my friend Eric and he kept saying, oh, come on, it's really great.
And I didn't want to play it because it was, quote, uncool.
And then I played it and was like, oh, I could see where someone would totally get into this, but this is not for me.
This is not something I'm going to dedicate my life to.
But like, okay, here's an example. SCA guys, right?
They're in the park, they've got lances, they've got armor, and they're morphing, I think is what they're doing.
They're morphing is what they're doing.
Do I think that would be fun to do for an afternoon? Of course I do.
But I also know you can't unring that bell.
But that's a bad example because that is tantamount to medieval swing dancing.
Basically, yes, right? You could do it on your lawn and you're not.
Nobody does Magic the Gathering as a performance art.
So if someone can figure that out, I will kickstart it.
What I'm saying, though, is if this person plays Magic and really likes it and it makes them happy to play it,
if you just own it, then you're not going to feel embarrassed about it.
If you don't let it define yourself, if you just say, yeah, it's a thing I do, whatever, it's fun, I enjoy doing it.
Yes, that is the key, Griffin. You're right.
That is the salient point that I want to get across.
If you're not embarrassed about it, then don't worry about it.
But I'm saying that's a switch.
No, but I think you're using the word embarrassed where you should say if you don't like it, if you don't enjoy it.
That's not what we're saying at all.
What I'm saying is the embarrassment in your brain, and I swear to God, this is true, it's a switch, and you can flip it.
You can flip that switch from, like, I used to be embarrassed to, like, fucking ride the bus in Chicago and play my Nintendo DS.
I would not do that because I didn't like people watching me play video games.
But I flipped that switch eventually and I realized that this is a thing I want to do on here.
It's a great way to pass the time. I'm going to do it.
And then, like, it seriously is as easy as that.
We spent a long time on this question, but I think, I don't know, it's a thing that comes up really, really frequently for me.
But, like, yes, I get your point. I understand what you're saying, but that level of, like, it's not as easy as you're making it seem because that level of social recalibration, deciding that something isn't, is appropriate socially, like, just deciding it for yourself.
It doesn't matter if it's appropriate.
That doesn't always fly, like, because you still do live in a society.
Like, it's the same reason I, like, I think sweatpants are comfortable, but I'm not wearing them every day because that's not...
What I'm saying is if you wear those sweatpants on a bus and fucking 55 people on that bus see you and all say,
look at this fucking goon in his sweatpants and then they go home to their families at night, they are not going to talk about your goddamn sweatpants.
They're not going to remember that you exist. You're dead to them.
That's, listen, like, this is not a message of sunshine and flowers. Like, you are so fucking insignificant that maybe 10 people are going to remember you after you die.
And those 10 people sure as fuck aren't going to remember that you played Magic cards. I guarantee goddamn T it.
So, good luck.
Like, life is meaningless. Life is meaningless, I guess.
And, like, you're super insignificant and you're probably not going to be famous.
If you get famous, then, yeah, maybe you shouldn't be playing Magic cards.
But, Steve Buscemi, if you're listening, and I hope that you are, probably put them down.
Or maybe you should play Magic cards.
Maybe you should. You could lead the fucking revolution like Vin Diesel when he's like, yeah, I play D&D.
Like, he fucking started the movement and he made it easier for the rest of us and thank you Vin Diesel.
But, like, seriously, nobody gives a shit. Zero people give a shit. There are zero shits to be given.
Unless you wear sweatpants every day.
No, even then.
No, Griffin. I'm sorry. I have to stand my ground.
It's so extreme that I could walk around Austin with 10 fake dicks attached to my body.
And I could run around and I could be the fun guy who runs into people and slaps them with his fake dicks as he jogs down the street.
I could ride a fucking jazzy and I could use a giant fake dick as a lance and I could run it into people.
I could beat someone to death in the street with a fake dick and in a year and a half nobody would remember me.
This is, like, you think I'm joking but I'm being 100% serious. I could be the fake dick murderer and I would not be remembered.
But what I'm saying is that, yes, while you may be technically correct, that behavior becomes your defining aspect.
Nobody's gonna say, man, the fake dick murderer has gray hair. It's just not going to be something they know.
You're right. But what I'm saying is in 10 years they're going to be at dinner and someone's gonna say,
do you remember the fake dick murderer? And the other person's gonna say, no, I don't.
I don't remember what my wife looks like and I've been away from my house for six hours.
I'm not joking. These are things that I seriously think about when I think about whether or not I should do this thing in public.
You make such a small impact in the world that nobody's gonna give a shit. Just play Magic Cards.
Everybody play Magic Cards. This podcast is sponsored by Wizards of the Coast. Thank you, Wizards of the Coast.
They are paying us exclusively in energy. We did like three questions this week because of this question.
I'll be honest with you. I feel like this is one of the few times where the differences in our age is dictating these answers.
I do think it's okay to care about what people think about you.
Now let me weigh in because you guys have been arguing for like 20 minutes.
It's just occurred to me that I feel this same way, but about things in the reverse, like joining a fantasy football league.
If someone was like, play my D&D game, I'm like, okay, totally cool.
But if somebody was like, play in my fantasy baseball, fantasy football, March Madness thing, I would go, oh, I'm gonna look stupid.
I gotta tell you, I'm right there. My friend Justin Minsker has asked me I think to be on two different leagues of like a bowling league and a kickball league.
Both times I was like, no, that's not for me. Just because I would kick the ball and it would hit a child and then I would be embarrassed.
That's the same thing. You're right. I've come to terms with the kind of person that I am.
And that person is kind of nerdy and enjoys watching sports. Yeah, I'm embarrassed to try and crossover.
But this is what I'm saying. Travis is exactly right.
This guy has come to terms with the person that he is.
And I think it's okay to come to terms with yourself being a person who wouldn't play a fantasy card game.
But I disagree because I think you should at least try. I don't think you can.
Did you try kickball? Yeah, when I was fucking nine years old.
I have no pleasant memories from the experience.
I'm just saying that I think it's it's really easy to say, you know, live like your diet and it doesn't matter what other people think and you're insignificant and they won't care.
Until you're actually in that moment where you're playing Magic the Gathering and somebody walks by and snickers behind their hand and suddenly you feel like a tiny, you know, insignificant person.
If you let that kind of shit bother you, then your life is going to be just miserable.
No, no, no. I'm not saying I'm not saying that you should let it bother you.
I'm saying that as much as I would love it to be a switch that flips, it's not like you've got to convince yourself and it's a constant thing to remind yourself not to care what other people think.
But I still don't think like that's not even what I'm talking like if somebody wants to to judge like that, like somebody wants to get a kick because their personal like adjudication of what's cool doesn't grok with yours.
Like that's like fuck that guy. I'm with Griffin on that.
Like I think, yeah, screw them. I'm just saying that it's OK to have a series of guidelines for yourself in the way in which you want to to.
Yes, but I also completely rob yourself of a positive experience.
I remember I remember going to the Bob Dylan concert with you, Justin, and sitting there and like everybody else is on their feet and dancing and me going, you know, this isn't my usual way of enjoying a concert.
And I'm not that big into Bob Dylan. And you looked at me and said, you're never going to see Bob Dylan in concert again.
You should get up and enjoy this. And I did end up having a great time in spite of myself because I just let myself do it and didn't worry about anything or try to like rob myself of a positive.
The problem with your the problem with creating your self-identity, like you're talking about, Justin, and knowing the kind of person that you are and using those as guidelines is that's that's fine. And that's a great way to like live your life with that guiding light.
But the very first time that keeps you from doing something awesome that would become a new defining like thing in your life, it's all fucking it's all fucking forfeit.
It's all it's it's all for not.
That's accurate. I'm just like I say where you're coming from. I one of my friends invited me to go play golf.
And it's like I've never played before. I'm not an athletic person. I knew I was going to fucking humiliate myself because that is a game that requires both physical prowess and accuracy.
And I was I was embarrassed and I was embarrassed like my first few holes because I shot it and I hit a child.
It's a big problem for me. It's a big theme.
But but then like I had a great time and I want to go play it more like it do it do as much new shit as you possibly can because that's the only way that you can know whether or not you're going to like it.
YOLO. You had some really good advice there and then you completely ruined it. ROLOS.
Okay. Frodo. There it is. We've been recording for about six hours.
I feel like we didn't bring any goofs. No I think you got some goofs in there but I think we got some real like we got that advice that like is broad.
I feel like Delilah right now. Can I can I. I'll tell you what's fucking me.
And maybe this will help to inform I have like in my head ideas of people who I think are cool.
Right. Like oh man that's a cool person. That's the kind of person I'd like to be.
And there are some parts of all culture not just nerd culture but anything watching bad TV whatever you know like that don't that I think to myself I let I get the thought of like man that person would never do this.
And like that's and but like and that's the thought that I have like I think that person is cool and I think that person lives like the sort of life that I would like to have or be perceived of having.
And then but there's no way that they would be caught doing this thing.
We're 114 episodes in and from going over Yahoo Answers and everything that people have asked us you don't think that that person that you think is infallibly cool goes home and does something.
That's what I'm saying like uncool or just super weird.
Straight real talk. Do you think I'm cool Justin. Do you think I'm a cool person.
I think you're cool dude.
OK when I was 15 I spent probably eight hundred dollars on Pokemon cards.
Like you can't because if everybody else is thinking like that and I think a majority of the people are then they're not like airing out their secrets.
There's no way to really know like what a person is like until you like marry them.
That's basically that's basically it like there's no way of knowing what kind of shit a person is into if they are also living their life like embarrassed of the things that make them happy.
So inspirational advice YOLO.
So YOLO.
Seriously YOLO.
I think you should.
But do do play it in private though because it may not may not work for you.
You should also play it in private because it's not really that fun to watch.
It's like the most boring game ever.
Pokemon cards though.
Oh that game has at least half the cards are racist.
So you don't want to say them out loud.
You know it's great strip Pokemon cards.
Yeah yeah yeah.
You know what I like is strip out Poker Roker Roker poker strip something.
How are you.
Can I ask how you're playing Poker Roker without it being strip.
I play reverse Roker Poker where like I put on more Al Roker masturbates while watching you do the things that you do.
I just have him give me like some tips about the weather.
You know he wants to know what's going on on your neck of your penis.
I answer is a small tie.
Yeah yeah.
I got a small tie down there.
I won that hand.
Now you have to tell me what's going on in Des Moines.
Well otherwise but do it slow.
Take it slow for me.
You put a few more pounds on.
Hey wait now we can't get into creepy.
No I'm just saying I liked it better when there was more Al to jerk off to.
OK I've got jerkable.
I've got jerkable Roker for miles.
This has been my brother my brother and me.
Of course it's a comedy advice show as you've certainly gathered over the past 20.
There is a nice parabola of like helpfulness there.
We came down nicely.
This is this is this is what a literarist would call the descending action.
Welcome to the day of our advice comedy podcast.
Thank you so much for listening.
Number one that's the best thing you guys do for us is listen to the show.
We really appreciate it.
But thank you so much for everybody tweeting about the show.
Thank you to Corrine.
There we go.
Corrine.
John Weeble.
Heron Bird.
Kevin Chai.
Pokedex Swain.
Sabay Thin.
GR.
That's a good one.
GR.
Mount Mosher.
Hallways spelled in a crazy way that I love.
And DC Badger.
Thank you so much to everybody tweeting about the show.
Thanks, guys.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed, which which you should be which you should be listening to.
You should also listen to the other Long Winters albums.
I listen to it.
I've been flying around a lot lately.
I've been listening to to the whole discography.
So so get up on that.
You should also be listening to all the other Max Fund podcasts.
Jordan Jessica, Throwing Shade, all of them.
And I've been on a big kick of audiobooks this summer.
And if you haven't listened to the audiobook version of John Hodgman's books, you know, more information you require in the areas of my expertise.
I don't know if that is all is out on audiobook yet.
But if you get a chance, make sure you listen to them.
They're just wonderful.
They're great.
Yeah.
Yep, yep, yep, yep.
So we got a final Yahoo answer that I'm going to read to everybody right now.
Daddy's ready.
This Yahoo answer, this final Yahoo answer was sent in by Christian.
Thank you, Christian.
It's by Yahoo Answers user George, who asks.
How can I make my pennies longer?
What?
I assume there's some misspelling in there.
Yeah.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me, kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
