The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, me, and advice show for the modern
era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin Tyler McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis
Patrick McElroy Esquire. And I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary,
Griffin, healthy boy, McElroy. Back on his grind. Back on, and I've been chomping down those
vitamins, as my friends in New Zealand call them, vitamins, and such a fun little turn of phrase.
And yeah, I'm empowered by the D and by the E and by the C, so feeling great.
Such a proud moment today. I activated on Hulu an episode of Sailor Moon Crystal,
the sort of revamp relaunch on Hulu. And I started the English version because my daughter
speaks English. Primarily. I've been trying to teach her Icelandic, but she's-
She also claims to speak baby whenever she hangs out with Henry and Charlie, so true.
Yes, that's true. And she has picked up a good amount of Spanish from Dora. I started this
episode of Sailor Moon and my daughter loudly announced, and I don't know where she picked
this phrase up, I can only imagine, she loudly announced that she wanted subs, not dubs.
Well, wouldn't- Yeah, that's a- I mean, she's a purist, and that's very good. You need to nurture
that small flame into a raging bonfire of sort of righteousness about sort of anime, how they
sort of get their info across.
I like how you said you don't know where she got that from, as though it wasn't from Taylor.
Yeah, or from- She doesn't- She's not on Tumblr, is she? God, I hope not.
No, she's not on Tumblr. She's on Tumblr Junior.
Yeah, she's on Toddler Tumblr. Whoa, toddlertumblr.com. Let me just see if I can get
that one real quick. Here's a- So I'm very proud of my daughter, and she said that she
wanted to watch it so she could learn Japanese, which I told her that that-
That's exactly how it works, actually.
So this concludes all- Everything we know.
No, this concludes all the discussion we ever want to have about anime, so please-
I mean, I can go hard if y'all want.
Nah, you got Twitter up right now at home. You're ready to tweet a great bon mot about-
Just maybe don't. I don't actually want to talk about anime anymore, so that's all the
anime discussion that we're ever going to have, so this is not a continuing bit.
I mean, I will continue to reference Yuri on Ice wherever and whenever it is even remotely
appropriate, so look forward to that.
Do the cool kids ever call that Yuri on the rocks?
No, that's a different show where it's two, you know, rock climbers, but they're very
much in love. Very, very deeply in love.
Here's a new segment on the show. It's called Domain Renewals, and these are
domains that I've now owned for over a year and are still operational.
Just want to remind everybody, these are just from this month, the ones that-
the domains that I own that are up for renewal, just to remind everybody about these great
domains. Renewed this month, dadyelp.com.
So a lot of our business seems to be like a type of age of person and then existing
brand.
Can we remember, was dadyelp a yelp for dads to use?
For dads.
Or was it like a yelp to great dads you've experienced?
I think it was a yelp just for dads. I actually, thinking about it, I made
teengoogle.com goes to Still Buffering, the podcast about the teenage experience,
and I have been thinking about it. I think dadyelp should probably go to We
Got This with Mark and Hal. That's basically like dadyelp, right?
I do like, Justin, how your domains have become the Christian mingle of, I guess,
weird comedy. It's just always something mingle.
What I love is that I forget the jokes that we tell more or less as soon as we publish
the episode that contains them, and yet you pay an annual fee to remember our half jokes.
It's as though our dumb, dumb jokes cost you money to make.
You are paying a premium for our dumb, dumb jokes.
Yeah, just some other ones that have come up. Literally just this month, I guess in
January, I go hard on domains. Just this month, illegal.horse is back up
for renewal. Sexymugshots.com.
That autofills every time I press S, and I have to remind myself that I'm not a deep
web pervert. Sexymugshots.com is back up for renewal.
That goes to our YouTube channel for some reason.
Also, other domains that have just popped up, my youngest son's seventh word, hyphen,
my youngest son's 15th word,.pizza, is back up for renewal.
That deep cut from the MBMBAM ARG, TV show ARG, and I think those are all the domains
that are up. Oh, BooBooNanny.com.
Do not remember why BooBooNanny. So that's like $500 that you're paying
to keep these balls in the air. I keep waiting for the offers to come in
on these domains for someone to try to buy them out from underneath me.
Do you claim those on your taxes as expenses, and are you worried about getting audited?
I mean, they're legitimate. It's a legitimate business expense, I think.
Which one vapes is broken now? Oh, no.
I know. Got too hot.
Got too hot. Whoever created which one vapes, please fix it.
Should we answer some questions, you think? Oh, that sounds actually really nice.
Griff, you're Griffin, yeah. That sounds nice.
One of my friends recently got really into baking loaves of bread
and likes to share them with me. Problem is, they all taste super bad.
It's a bad bake, Barry. It's a bad bake.
How can I be gracious in accepting his gifts without wasting a bunch of bread?
I don't want to tell him the bread sucks because he's very proud of them,
but what do I do? That says, thanks.
Awkward in Philly is who that's from. Can you waste bad bread is the question.
The bread's wasted. Yeah.
The bread is wasted. Well, what has been wasted here is the flour,
the yeast, the water and sugar. The time.
The time, especially. The heat from the oven, that energy can't be created or destroyed,
but it can be wasted firming up some bad bread. That energy is trapped in that bread,
and if you don't free it, it's just trapped there forever.
Well, you free it by giving it to a duck, who then turns it into dookie and duck flight.
Duckie dookie, yes. So the ducks fly and makes all the wind,
but sometimes the wind gets to be too bad and we get hurricanes, tornadoes.
Dry it out, put it in the food processor, whiz it into bread crumbs,
and then take a coffee can and cover it in peanut butter,
and then put the bread crumbs all over that, and then hang the coffee can outside.
You got yourself a nice little bird feeder. And then you wait for them to fall into your trap.
Yeah. Yeah. I do like awkward
and feel like that you have failed to see that there might be a middle road between accepting
the bad bread and saying, this bread sucks. And that is not returning your friend's
calls ever again. Well, no, but like,
it's pretty well-established practice to say like, oh, this is great.
And then give like a tiny note, like a tiny note.
Oh, is that established? Is that something I can do with my day-to-day?
Someone's just starting out when someone's just starting out on a new hobby experience,
like to try to pretend like you nailed it 100% the first time.
Nobody expects that. Now it might be too late now
because you might have accepted too many. But this is more of a cautionary tale for the next
loaf receiver to say like, oh, this is great. Maybe a little too much salt.
Try less next time. Boom. Done.
You've established like, because if somebody is trying out a new experience,
they want feedback. They don't want you to be like,
you're the greatest. That's right. I love you,
but they wicked don't. Unless your friend has said,
be sure to hit me with all of your great feedback after you finish consuming my gift,
then they do not in fact want that. I bake from time to time,
and I know I over-need my stuff sometimes. And all I want is for people to look at me
like I'm the motherfucking barefoot Contessa. Like that's literally all that I need from
that transaction. Also, it's like, I wish this person had been more specific
with the problems in the bread because your friend, like, unless you're a bread expert,
maybe you're not going to know that like, hey, you had too much leavening in here.
Like, hey, you added a little bit too much milk and you made the batter too wet.
You're not going to know that from eating the bread.
You got to watch your friend bake the bread step by step. And then you'll see the process.
Like you got to pour the yeast in, pour water. You want that water to be between 100 and 110
degrees. Activate the yeast for about five minutes. Then you're going to add your dry
ingredients. Incorporate those in a little bit of egg. And then I'm going to dump in a two liter
Mountain Dew and then move it. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, hold on, hold on. I think I see the
problem. Oh, the two pages stuck together in the book, you were making Mountain Dew cake.
It's different. It's a different one. You weren't using Diet Mountain Dew. And that's where the
flavor sleeps. Actually, if you want a fucking cake, you take cake mix, mix it with 12 ounces
of soda and you got yourself a fucking cake going. That's a cake right there. Make a Mountain Dew
with a little bit of lemon cake mix, Mountain Dew. Yeah, do you bake that or just, like,
eat it with a spoon? While crying and also getting psyched up to play esports.
Uh, how about a Yahoo Griffin? I would love to give that to you because here's one from
Level 9000. Yeah, Drew, Drew, Drew Davenport. Thank you, Drew. It's a Yahoo Answers user.
Let's kick it after school. Who asks, should I punch Tyler in the face if he insists on calling
eating refueling? He's annoying me. End of question. Now, no, you shouldn't punch your
friend Tyler in the face. But I think if anybody in your life refers to the act of eating food,
whether it's, you know, a big sloppy Joe or a rack of ribs or some weird bad Mountain Dew bread,
and they call that refueling, they need to be punished in some way. Unless. This is going to
be a tricky needle, but unless. They're a robot. A robot who eats. Is your friend Tyler a robot?
Yeah. I mean, what? It's 2018. We're just going to toss out the fact that it might be a robot?
No, there's a good chance that it is, you know, some sort of frame. Is Tyler maybe a medium wonder?
Not a small one, but an okay size. Yeah, it's okay size wonder. It's a medium wonder. Oh,
all right. I've got to refuel. When you say eating, do you ever see the food actually go
into Tyler's mouth and then defecate that food out later? Or maybe he just dumps out his chest
cavity. Have you followed it start to finish? Is his head a Mr. Fusion machine like in Back to
the Future 2? These are all good questions. These are the people, and these are the exact
circumstances those people can be in, in which you can refer to eating food as refueling. If you are
a snowboarder who is on the slopes, and you've just carved a very, very sick line, and you've done all
the tricks, and I'm talking about Olympic level, you know, grabs and spins, and then you get to
the bottom, and you pop into the lodge, and you grab a quick like, you know. No, I think you just
maybe even pull some jerky out of your fanny pack, and you eat some jerky, and you say,
gotta refuel. That's okay, because you've just done things that I think could necessitate fuel.
Or a mountain biker. If you're a mountain biker, and you just really any sort of downhill activities,
and you reach the bottom of the hill, and you want to go again, any food you eat at that point,
I think you can say, time to refuel, bro. Surfers, I think, can also, you pat the tummy after doing
a good pipe, and then you have to pat the tummy, and you say, gotta refuel before I can get out
there, and that's about it. Query for you, Griffin. Yes. Query. I am a blue belt in Taekwondo. My body
is legally classified as a weapon at this point. Yeah, you are, you're on the registry.
Master Cricket Trise Taekwondo says that my reaction time at this point is probably five
percent better than someone who hasn't studied as long as I have, so I'm basically a weapon.
And a wonderland. If I eat, like when I eat my quest bar, can I say, I've gotta reload?
Reload or refuel? Reload. Am I reloading my weapon if I'm just eating a quest bar? I'm reloading the
weapon. I do think, to Griffin's point, and I think in all the scenarios Griffin listed,
it has to be, like you have, like if you flip somebody, right, then immediately
eat it. There's a proximity to the event. It has to be immediate. You flip somebody which,
um, based on what I know about sort of the classes you attend as, you know, a ten-year-old,
and then you flip them and they land real hard, and then you say like, gotta reload,
and you open up your mouth and you unwrap the quest bar and you go,
and maybe like another combatant's coming at you and you put your hand out for a second,
take a bite of the quest bar, and then suddenly you grow like six inches and then flip them again.
Yeah, you must get stronger after eating the quest bar.
I eat my quest bar right before class usually, so could I say like,
sorry, hold on, Master Croc, gotta cock the food gun.
Yeah, gotta stockpile some punch ammo.
Yes, yes, yes. This all works. I do think that there's a certain amount of time after,
like you can't finish class, go home, watch like an episode of Drunk History,
and maybe take a nap and then wake up and say, gotta reload.
Gotta refuel. It's weird.
I had a fun experience in Taekwondo class a little bit ago I wanted to share with y'all.
We were doing a thing kind of like conditioning, you know, a lot of it's just like building up
your cardiovascular health, that kind of thing. It's great for you.
So we were doing this thing where we had to like do, I think,
round kicks on a bag as many times as we could in a minute,
and another guy in my class who is a great guy, but for some reason it was just the two of us in
class, so I got weirdly competitive. So he kicked the bag like 40 times in a minute,
and he was like really winded, and I was like, I'm gonna fuck this guy up.
So I kicked the bag 50 times in a minute.
Whoa.
And yeah, I kicked the bag 50 times in a minute, and then Master Croc was like,
wow, Dustin, good job, I'm very proud of you.
And then I took four steps away and threw up on the floor.
That's amazing, because I was also about to ask,
do you think that your master was about to be like,
you're the chosen one, and then you vomit, and he's like, wait, never.
Probably for about four seconds he was like that.
Now just something I gotta say, right there is a perfect refuel opportunity.
That is, the things I wanted to refuel on though was like oxygen.
I don't think that's what I didn't have enough of in that moment.
Oxygenated blood would be great to reload that in the chamber.
I joined a, when I was living in LA, I joined a gym,
and along with it came like one free consultation with a personal trainer.
And the personal trainer was talking to me, and they were like,
so what's your level of it?
I was like, let me stop you there, the answer is not.
And he was like, well, let me run you through some stuff.
And we did 10 seconds of like these jumping things,
and I went in the bathroom and threw up, and I came back,
and he was like, are you ready to keep going?
And I was like, in what way is me throwing up not the end of this?
Well, they were called burpees, Trav.
They're called burpees, Trav, so you really should have seen it coming.
I mean, I guess.
I never went back, and he like called me once a month like,
hey, just wondering if you wanted to pick up.
I was like, I am all set, thank you very much.
To continue the metaphor, my non-existent exercise regimen
is as such that I am essentially standing at my own fuel pump,
just letting the thing overflow.
I am, if anything, I am over-fueled,
and there's about ankle-high sort of pool of fuel
just laying on the ground that I am just not burning.
And really, that's in preparation for if shit goes down,
my body will be just crazy and wild and just ready for action.
But it's really a fire hazard.
How about another question?
Please do this.
My friend is a very kind person,
and she got a cute poster for me as a gift,
or else I think it was meant to be a gift.
A lot of bad gifts this week, huh?
Well, it's not the gift that was the problem this time, if you read on.
The thing is, we were both so socially awkward,
I'm afraid she might have just been showing it to me,
and I assumed it was a gift,
and she was too nervous to say that she was just showing it to me.
My question is this.
Is there a socially acceptable way to ask someone after the fact
whether or not something was actually a gift or not,
or am I doomed to live out the rest of my days wondering
whether or not I'm a socially awkward poster thief?
That's from Possible Poster Pinscher and KCMO.
You've actually come to the right place,
because literally every time we have ever done a signing
or just signed stuff for people after a show,
like literally four to five times,
I will be presented a picture or art or something,
and it's always beautiful,
and I'm always running the math in my head like,
am I to sign this or is this a gift to me?
Because if I ask, is this a gift, I cannot-
It sounds terrible.
It sounds terrible.
And this did happen to me once.
Yeah, we actively took something.
Somebody showed me a thing.
I was like, oh, this is great,
and I went and handed it to Teresa, and then I came back,
and they said, I do need that back.
And I was like, oh, yeah.
After one live show, I was doing my usual running
along the front of the stage, high-fiving people,
and somebody pointed to a hat they had.
I think the hat said Sweet Baby Brother
or something like that on it.
I forget what it said.
But I took the hat, and I took it,
and I was backstage reading Twitter,
seeing how people thought the show went,
and I got a tweet from somebody who was like,
geez, I'd love that hat back.
I really love that hat.
That is maybe the worst offense of all,
is there was no body language there to suggest,
like, here's a hat for you.
Although it did say something
that is one of my titles on it.
It might as well have said Griffin's hat.
It was your IP.
It was my IP.
And that's it, Griffin didn't take it to wear it.
He took it because it was copyright infringement.
No, and I immediately incinerated it.
That's a very different situation
from when Christian Novelty Music artist Mark Lowry
stole my hat at a concert because he wanted to wear it.
He knew it was an Atlanta Falcons hat,
and that's his, I guess, his team as well.
So he thought that he had dominion over my hat.
He did it on purpose? He coveted your hat?
He did it on purpose.
He coveted my hat, which is a sin.
Thank you, Travis.
And then he threw it into the crowd,
like, oh, wild show, Mark.
Can I get my hat back?
He threw it into the crowd as though
he could not return it to me.
Like, what an asshole.
Yeah, he was like halfway down the arena at that point,
and he just chucked into the crowd like,
oh man, what a fun show.
And there's like, it's a weird thing of statistics
because like, statistically, nobody cared about that hat.
Like, you weighed the statistics of the crowd.
Statistically, everybody thought,
oh man, that was just like a fun interaction that he had.
And if you did the stats, it'd be like 1,999% of the people
did not care.
And then there's like one statistical outlier that was me
that would like his hat back, please, Mark.
Now, Mark-
What I will say is, I think this is like a very funny
situation.
Like, we have a good laugh about this
after when we're debriefing about the many, many sort
of societal norms we fucked up during each and every signing
because it's incalculable how many times we goof up just
talking to and interacting with other humans.
And we have a good laugh.
Oh boy, can you believe you tried
to steal that person's hat and either failed or succeeded?
And so I don't think there's any problem with you
going to this person and being like, hey,
I have a weird question, but was that a gift
or were you just showing it to me?
Because there's no like bad-
If they're like, no, it was a gift, you goofus.
You can say like, okay, well, I didn't know
and I was worried about it.
Then I think you can kind of laugh it off.
Or if they say like, yeah, I was just showing it to you
and you took it and I didn't know how to respond.
And that's kind of funny too.
And they will give it back.
I don't think you have to worry too much about bringing this up.
Well, you could also just like find a copy of the poster
and get them one too and be like, now we're poster buddies.
Yeah, it's like if you steal a car,
as long as you buy them another car that looks like the car,
then you're totally fine.
Wouldn't you want- Wait, hold on.
Though, honestly, if someone stole your car
and you're like, ah, someone stole my car.
And then you went outside the next day
and there was a brand new version of that car.
Yeah, no, I mean, the thing I said was nonsense.
The thing I said was absolute dookie nonsense.
And I wasn't expecting one of you to call me on it,
but I guess you did.
And now this is where we're at.
My assumption, this is my question.
My assumption is that Mark Lowry
probably doesn't remember stealing my hat.
Yeah.
The day that Mark Lowry stole your hat
was the most important day of your life.
To me, it was Tuesday.
I always assume that.
But we have very clear, visceral memories
of every time we've ever fucked up.
Do you think that if I were to grill Mark Lowry,
he'd be like, ah, Justin.
Oh, man.
Hey, bud.
I think about that hat every day.
If you really want to Zap Rooter this event
that happened, this shared event in years of Mark Lowry's life,
the only reason he would wander back into the crowd
and throw the hat to a random person is,
A, he didn't know where you were,
but B, he knew he couldn't keep this hat.
He had absolved himself of the hat theft guilt.
It was a serendipity moment where he knew someday
that hat would make it back to you.
And if you're listening to this right now
and you're looking at your manhole-
And you're at a Mark Lowry concert
and you got hit in the face with the sharp bill
of an Atlanta Falcons cap and kept it out of spite.
Somewhere there was a huge fan of Mark Lowry
who has saved this hat as a memento
of the greatest day in their life
when Mark Lowry threw a hat to them.
And they are listening to this right now.
Get that to Justin.
It is a pretty damning comment or I guess
darning comment on Mark Lowry
because he's a Christian music artist.
It is a pretty damning comment on Mark Lowry.
The way his brain work was,
well, I took it from the crowd
and I gave it back to the crowd.
So I guess I'm okay.
Go back from whence you came, hat.
I think Mark suffers from the same
awkward sort of social issues
that the three of us have.
Where if somebody, I took somebody's hat
from the crowd at a live show
and then wanted to give it back to them
but did not know where they are.
I absolutely would just ultimate that motherfucker
right back down the center aisle
as hard as I possibly could.
Because at that point, I know I've still fucked up
but I at least will not have this reminder
on my dome constantly.
I think that Mark did the only logical thing
and I think we need to cut him some fucking slack.
Well, he did what we macros would have called yours now.
Yeah.
Which the last person to be touching the thing
just inherits the responsibility of having
to deal with the repercussions of having that thing.
Sure.
I got a quick Yahoo real quick
before we get to the money.
Yeah.
It was sent in by-
Do we don't want to talk about Mark Lowry anymore?
No, I think we've ostracized our audience enough
for one episode.
My brother, my brother and you.
Hannah Troxel sent this one in.
Thank you, Hannah.
It's Yahoo answers user, serve the servants asks.
This is a quick one.
Just looking for a quick answer from you guys.
Straw poll.
Okay.
If Jurassic Park was real, would you go?
Cool.
Okay, wait.
There's a very important factor here I need to know
and maybe we can just acknowledge this
and then put it away.
Is Jurassic Park real in a world
in which we have all seen the Jurassic Park movies?
I would think no.
Then yes, I would go.
Hands down.
Okay, then what if the answer is yes?
Then no, I would not go.
I've seen what happens when we meddle in God's play place.
I do not know.
The more interesting question is
you see a news story.
You're you, okay?
But it's tomorrow.
Wait, slow down.
Yeah, you're you, but it's tomorrow
and you just see a sign that's like
real Jurassic Park open, believe it or not.
Did you say Jurassic?
You did.
No, is that a mix of-
Real Gibroni Park is open.
These dinosaurs are real Gibronis.
I'm gonna crotch chop all these T-Rexes.
It's real Jurassic Park,
except they're aware also of the films.
So they're like, listen, it's not gonna be like this.
We know how this sounds.
We know how it sounds.
It's not gonna be like that.
We've taken every precaution.
This is, listen, can't stress enough,
we have also seen the movies.
We have been so careful.
We know about our brand.
I guess I am describing Jurassic World
at this point, I guess.
But it's like, yes, we know.
We get it.
We get your hesitation.
But it is real Jurassic Park and we fixed it.
And Travis, you have the only-
Okay, here, let me sweeten the pot for you.
It's not sweeten.
It's like sweetening the question.
You have a ticket, but it is for opening day.
At real Jurassic Park.
But they swear, but they swear.
I'm more likely to go on opening day,
because that's when they're gonna be most on point.
You don't wanna go two years in
when they started to get lax with it.
Yeah, you get fucking Chester, the townie,
watching the fucking raptor cages,
like, oh, come on, boys.
I just got a text.
Uh-oh, I turned my back on the raptor cages.
Now I've been destroyed.
That logic doesn't hold, Travis.
You look at opening day of like,
Magic Kingdom or Epcot, when those open,
and they were up against the clock,
but you had huge breakdown in Ride, Space Mountain.
And Mickey ate all those people.
Mickey did eat all the kids, yeah.
Was broken down more than it was open.
I mean, both of those were because they were so taxed
by the crowds of people that were there.
Snap is.
Yeah, I don't think that doesn't inoculate you, I think.
Let me-
Because they're not ready for that,
that number of people.
Let me hit you with this plot for Jurassic World 2.
Okay.
Me as John Hammond Jr. Jr.
Uh-huh.
And I'm like, I got it this time.
I'm gonna do it again.
And then I'm gonna have like a board of people who are like,
no, so, so many people have died.
You've done this eight times, John.
It's never worked.
And I say, don't worry.
First of all, shut up.
You don't tell me what to do.
My family made dinosaurs happen again.
New Jurassic World, and you're gonna love this.
It's just all brontosauruses.
Roll credits, no action, don't worry about it.
Never been a brontosaurus based death in those movies.
These gentle giants would never step on a toddler.
I love these gentle giants.
They're not going, unless the toddler is made of leaves
or maybe the only thing is just like, you open it up
and it's all brontosauruses.
And then you're like, oh, it'll be totally safe.
And then, you know, fucking Andy from Parks and Rec is there
and he's like, I don't know about this.
I think it's gonna go bad.
And then everybody else is like, don't worry about it.
It's all brontosauruses.
And it's like, okay, here they come.
Open up the gates, everybody comes in.
It's like, hi, welcome to Jurassic World.
Here's your ghillie suit.
And it's like, no, no, chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp.
It is wild when you think about the original Jurassic Park.
First time, right?
There was definitely a moment where somebody like,
knock, knock, knock on John Hammond's head.
Knock, knock on John Hammond's door.
He looks up from his dope ice cream, spared no expense.
Looks at them in the face and they're like,
hey, should we make a T-Rex?
And he was like, oh, hell yeah.
Yeah, definitely.
Well, John, hold on, I know I asked,
but you can see how this goes bad, right?
Should we make velociraptors?
Oh, yeah, yeah, sure, yeah, that'd be great.
The logic there is that like,
if you made a park with dinosaurs,
people wouldn't come unless it had dope ones that they liked.
Are you kidding me, John?
Hold on, I would like,
this is my plot for Jurassic World too, right?
Open it up, they have made one Triceratops.
Big initial, big initial opening.
Everybody goes, I think two years in,
it's like, well, we're bankrupt, rule credits.
Nobody came anymore.
Everybody got bored with dinosaurs.
Everybody saw the one Triceratops we made.
Okay, here's my-
What if you got to keep a Triceratops when you left?
That is, I will say, my one logical problem
with Jurassic World is there is a line,
I think, where Bryce Dallas Howard says,
you know what people want?
Bigger dinosaurs.
And I said, I don't think that's true.
What everybody wants is like a tiny T-Rex
they can keep in an aquarium on their desk.
Like, that would be sick.
If you're gonna manufacture different sized dinosaurs,
make me a really tiny brontosaurus.
Give me a digipet is basically what I want.
And also, Bryce, I think you've misunderstood
what the audience for this amusement park wants,
and that is to visit it and not be destroyed
by a powerful dinosaur jaw.
Is my number one thing.
If I heard, we got a new Jurassic World,
and here's the attraction that you're just gonna go nuts for,
we've made bigger, more deadly dinosaurs,
I would say, well, y'all have really lost the,
I can see the review on, you know, The Verge.
Like, I feel like their hearts
in the wrong place on this one.
I feel like maybe they should focus more
on dinosaurs that won't destroy the children
with the powerful jaws and claws.
Tiny dinosaurs like the ones from Peelee's Playhouse.
That's what I want.
Those are fun.
We're talking.
Here's my pitch for Jurassic Park 3.
Even though I made one, here's what I would do,
probably fail at me remake Jurassic Park 3.
Still Griffin is John Hammond Jr. Jr.
Because I love this character of John Hammond Jr. Jr.,
sort of a petulant descendant.
He's a real pissy, real pissy mess.
And there's just so many merch opportunities.
Yeah, he inherited the whole thing.
And Jurassic Park 3 is about him going to Isla Sorna
because they wiped out all the ones on Isla Nubar.
But he goes to Isla Sorna and he just is gonna take them all
because they're his.
So the movie is about, these are my dinosaurs.
My pap pap made them and I'm gonna put them all on my boat
and take them to my house.
Yeah, you can't eat me, T-Rex.
I'm your uncle, basically.
Basically your uncle.
You wouldn't eat your uncle, would you?
Put you in a boat and take you to my home
because you're my dinosaur because of my pap pap.
And now it's we bought a zoo.
It's like we bought a Jurassic Park and it's like,
I don't know, this is really gonna put some stress
on the family.
Like what, having a bunch of velociraptors around?
Come on, Susan.
These are my velociraptors.
They're my nephews and I love them.
They listen to me.
They don't.
They listen to me.
They don't, they super don't.
Just stop putting meat eaters in your,
stop putting carnivores, just put herbivores.
I would have gone to Jurassic Park
for the opportunity to meet Wade Knight.
Like you don't need to put a bunch of dinosaurs in there.
Okay, wait, hold on.
What people want is bigger Wayne.
What I have done, I made a 10-foot Wayne Knight
and he is an herbivore.
He's an herbivore.
We got him eating kale and he's just crazy about it.
We keep him in this big pen.
We cloned a bunch of Wayne Knights.
I found a Wayne Knight and a piece of amber.
Oh boy.
Oh my God, Wayne Knight is pregnant.
Nature finds a way.
Nature finds a way.
Let's go to the money's end.
Just add the pregnant Wayne Knight to my Tumblr tags
and we're good to go.
Hey everybody.
Do you want to make a fan site for pregnant Wayne Knight?
The pregnant Wayne Knight fan site?
Sure you do.
We all do.
But how?
You don't know anything about coding.
You don't know shit.
Well, with Squarespace, you can.
You can make a cool website dedicated
to just about anything you want
and you can publish content there,
links to videos, sell products and services.
Great for if you want to keep people up to date
for announcements or upcoming events or anything like that.
Squarespace is perfect.
I've made a couple of websites on Squarespace now
and I don't know anything about building websites,
but Squarespace makes it so easy
to just like add in the elements that you need
and anything you don't understand,
they have 24-7 award-winning customer support
and I will say, and the copy doesn't say this,
but I found it so useful.
There are like countless YouTube videos that are like,
oh, you want to do this?
Here's how.
Yeah, it's super easy.
I mean, Travis made mackerelishows.com.
I made griffinmackerel.com.
It took like an hour.
It's so easy.
And there are so many different like options
for stuff you can do.
And if you do know about coding,
there's also areas where you can add HTML
and that kind of thing to customize it even more.
And you can find your own domains like Justin does
and make the website really your own.
So if you want to check it out,
go to squarespace.com for a free trial
and when you're ready to launch,
use the offer code MYBROTHER, all one word,
to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.
That's squarespace.com and enter the code MYBROTHER,
all one word.
I want to tell you about SAMPS.com.
Here's a New Year's resolution you can actually keep.
I know this is still on the forefront of everybody's minds
is these resys.
You can add SAMPS.com to your business
and you can save time and money this year
because SAMPS.com brings all the amazing services
of the US Postal Service right to your computer.
You can use your computer to print US postage
for any letter or package, any class of mail,
and then the mail carrier comes
and picks it right up from you.
SAMPS.com can also send you a digital scale
that automatically calculates exact postage.
It's really very, very convenient.
Sometimes you're not able to leave the house
and go run to the post office,
and so they bring the magic of the post office to you.
So right now you can enjoy the SAMPS.
If anything, I would say that it's too convenient.
Sometimes I just mail stuff because I can.
You know what I mean?
I just pick up a piece of paper, SAMPS.com it,
put it in the mail, get it out there.
And then people are like, there's nothing on this.
I mailed Travis some garbage
that I just didn't feel like standing up
and going to the trash can.
That was garbage?
Yeah, it was garbage.
Yeah, well, you're the trash king.
Anyway, right now you can enjoy
the SAMPS.com service with a special offer
that includes a four-week trial,
plus postage and a digital scale.
If you're ready for a happier new year,
just go to SAMPS.com, click on the microphone
at the top of the homepage, and type in my brother.
At SAMPS.com, enter my brother.
All one word.
My brother. All one word.
You're wondering if Torcy would win
in a knockdown dragout brawl against Dunkey?
Those are characters that we created,
so this is a IP-violating Jumbotron message.
Maybe you've pondered if Titliquid, okay,
would emerge victorious from a back alley free-for-all?
Absolutely would.
No question about it.
No question.
On the Ultimate Showdown podcast,
we don't debate those specific fights, sorry,
but we do debate other great matchups for the ages,
like Punisher versus Beatrix Kiddo,
or Fezzik versus Jaws.
Join Tristan the Marine.
What's up?
Cheryl. What's up?
Cheryl Cannon and Fowler each week
as they debate the age-old question,
who would win in a fight?
And that show is called Ultimate Showdown.
You can look for it wherever you download podcasts,
and remember, fight it out,
but be excellent to each other.
Do you want me to read this next one?
Yes. Yes, I do.
This message is for Sunflower Station,
and it's from Sunflower Station,
who says, oh man, hello?
Hello, Macawois?
This message comes from Sunflower Station,
Veyron's band of meme criminals.
Thank you, Veyron, for creating a space
where we can all support each other
on our art and daily worries,
play D&D and watch Flintstones.
Viva Rock Vegas together.
That's the name of the movie.
I don't know why I added a period there.
Here's to many more great memories and internet friends.
P.S., Hamtaro Bot still sucks.
Well, Hamtaro Bot has feelings.
I don't know why you would say that.
I also don't know if I said Veyron's name correctly,
but I sure hope that I did.
This is a wonderful little crowd, it sounds like,
and I'm sitting here trying to think
if I've seen Flintstones, Viva Rock Vegas,
and the answer is no.
Wait, is that the one with Kyle McLaughlin,
or is that the first one?
I think they both have him in it.
The second one is the one with Alan Cumming
as the Great Gazoo.
Oh, of course.
So if you have that, you would not forget that.
You would not have the half of it.
And which Barney is it?
It's still the original, still the original cast.
Are you sure?
Because I think one is Rick Moranis.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, you're right.
It's not Rick Moranis, it's a bald one.
Yeah, Dick Moranis.
We have another message.
I'm Dick Moranis, the evil Rick Moranis.
But also Rick Moranis is my brother, he's cool.
Honey, I shrunk the kids, who fucking cares?
I'm Dick Moranis.
This is a message for A from H.
To my wife and best friend, thank you for giving me Taz.
And then when I ran out, NBNB AM,
even starting at episode one when you said I shouldn't.
I can't believe how much we've accomplished in time period,
but only together could we get it done.
So let's have these good, good boys
tell you how much I love you, and it's a lot.
You are my everything.
It's very nice and also vague.
That's so sweet, that's so sweet.
I think it was Steven Baldwin, for the record.
Hey everyone, Freddie Wong.
Matt Arnold.
And Will Campos.
We'll tell you about Story Break, a writer's room podcast
where every week we, the Hollywood geniuses
behind video game high school, have one hour
to turn a humble idea into an awesome movie.
Thrill as we weave the tragic tale of Jar Jar,
a Star Wars story.
We're going to double down on everything
that made the prequels great.
Jar Jar, trade federations, politics.
Gasp as we assemble a pantheon of heroes
for the Kellogg's cinematic universe.
We could get rid of Snap, Crackle, Pop.
I wouldn't even miss them.
You're crazy.
They die in the second act.
Oh, come on.
And join us as we make fun of Matt
as he struggles to name a single Beyonce song.
Well, yeah, put a finger on it.
Sure, she wants to be Beyonce.
Put a finger on it, Beyonce's famous song.
Will we break the story?
Or will the story break us?
Find out by joining us in the writer's room every Thursday
on maximumfun.org or wherever you get your podcasts.
Here's a Yahoo sent in by Merritt Palmer.
Thank you, Merritt.
I've noticed a strange habit I have.
If I'm at a coffee shop, I will take sips out of my empty mug.
Nervous habit or what?
And that was asked by me in college.
It's actually an anonymous user.
But we'll say it was from me in college.
Additional details.
I do it more when I'm staring around in space.
The coffee shop is a real performative battleground,
isn't it?
Because you want to look like you're enjoying the coffee
shop the best and most.
And you sit there and the coffee's empty,
but you still want to look impressive,
like you understand the complexity
of each beautiful bean.
And so you sip it.
And I would often say things, usually under my breath,
but akin to like, mm, exquisite beans today.
Or, mm, what a fascinating bean.
Usually something complimentary about the bean.
Or like, mm, I can really tell where the beans came from.
And say stuff like that.
Spicy note to the beans today, Michael.
And usually there wasn't a Michael, but.
One thing I like is complimenting the roast.
Like, oh, what a flirty roast.
What a flirty roast, Eddie.
What a juicy roast.
You really roasted the piss out of these beans.
Oh, yeah, you roasted the shit out of these.
These bad boys are toasty and roasty.
And I can really taste the complexity of the notes.
One thing to do that's good at the coffee shop
that they actually like is, before they brew your coffee,
ask if they can take a handful of beans and roast them more.
And they can.
So they just scoop some out of the machine,
and then they put them in the oven
that they use to heat up the turkey and cheddar sandwiches.
And they'll just roast them more.
And they'll, at first, they might kind of be like, huh?
But then the more wizened pros at Starbucks
will be like, oh, he's been around.
He knows that these beans need just a second long.
Right, and it's good if you wait to do this
until after you sort of examine the beans.
So it's like you've made a judgment call
that they could probably go back.
Get out your little jewelers kind of glass.
Oh, that's good, yeah.
Oh, that's good.
One more minute.
Chomp one up and crunch it until it's just coffee grounds,
and then go, eh, bleh, eh, eh,
and then spit it in the trash can.
Because you're not gonna eat it.
No.
But it is, I think, nice to ask for your coffee
to have a little bit of pulp.
Just say, give me some of the beans sort of in there.
I want to strain it with my teeth.
Everybody filters out the pulp.
Thank you, Griffin.
That's such a good note.
That's where all the nutrients are, is in the pulp.
Otherwise, it's just.
Make sure you ask them to leave room for the Holy Spirit.
Yeah, yeah, you want room for cream,
and you want a little bit of Holy Spirit in there.
And then other, if you don't got pulp,
we're basically just talking about hot bean water.
Yeah.
And that's not what God wanted.
You need a better mouth feel.
That's always my problem with that weak,
it's just liquid coffee.
Like, what's that?
You know what I mean?
Like, one good thing to do at the coffee store
is ask for room for cream,
and then when they give you your coffee,
turn on your heel and walk out the door.
And they're gonna take a second and be like,
wait a minute, do they know about some other kind of cream
that we don't have here?
Like, do they have a secret good new cream
that we don't have here at the Bucks?
And that's gonna drive them crazy all day long.
You'll have a little less coffee, but that'll be fine.
Oh, you guys, you don't know about dog cream yet?
Oh, boy.
Well, joke's on you, I guess.
You do boneless coffee and you don't use dog cream.
Boy, that's a real shame.
Anyway, bye.
I'm very smart.
You know what I like to do?
I like to order coffee,
but then ask for it in a bread bowl.
Mm.
That's nice, that's a breakfast right there.
It's fun, and it's also,
I don't like it when I am drinking my coffee,
and I don't feel an enormous amount of pressure
to drink the coffee extremely quickly
before it gets everywhere.
Well, and the nice thing is once you're done drinking it,
you can then, you have a little coffee-soaked snack.
Mm.
You get a nice little burst
of extra coffee there at the end.
And you know what, if you eat it fast enough,
you can get another cup in there,
and they just keep refilling it.
Yeah.
Can't they do coffee in a biscotti mug?
Is that something you can order?
So wait, the biscotti is shaped like a mug,
and you pour the coffee in it?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, can I do that?
Holy shit.
I mean, you would more or less have to shotgun
that bean water, or else,
I mean, the burns would be significant.
You'd want a cold brew, for sure.
Mm-hmm.
Is it possible to go up to the counter and say,
before you grind these little bastards down,
do you mind if I sing to the beans a little bit?
Can I sing at your bean box to make the beans taste
even a little bit better when you roast?
Is your shop offering that?
You have to ask for it?
Where are you going?
It's so rare that they offer singing to the bean box.
And yeah, I mean, I guess this is,
you know, when you go to a Starbucks,
don't even think about it.
There's very little singing,
because to them, it's a quantity game.
Yeah.
They can't take a minute there to sing a beautiful hymn.
They might have a radio on next to it.
It is not the same.
No, they think that it accomplishes the same thing,
but it doesn't.
One thing that I like to do is say,
before you grind the coffee,
I bring some of my own personal blend with me
everywhere I go.
Can you grind that into it?
And then you reach out into your pocket
and you pull out a bunch of movie ticket stubs
and paper clips, and then you hand that to them.
And sort of let them figure it out.
What I like to do is I like to go to the counter
and say, hey, I would like the beans
that will be in my coffee,
and then I take those home,
and I just sit on them for like 24, 26 hours.
Then I come back, they grind those up.
Yeah.
And then I let someone else drink it.
I like to pick each bean out of the bean box
like I'm grabbing a lobster
at like a nice seafood restaurant.
I say, I want this bean, and this bean,
and I want this bean, and I say this bean looks beautiful.
No, not that bean.
Oh, here we go. Next to it.
And then I turn to them, I say,
how many beans does it take to do one coffee?
And they say like a hundred.
And I say like, this is going to take too long,
and it's gonna not be a very funny joke for the podcast.
And then I stop.
Those are some other things you can do at a coffee store.
I love these weird beans.
I love my weird beans.
We never talk about that part of it,
but you eat beans out of the can on a campfire
for a good Western snack.
And that's the same as what you do every morning
when you get these fast beans is what I call them
because they make me move just a little bit faster.
And you pour hot water through them
and you crunch them all up.
It's basically what you're doing is,
it's just bean water, folks.
Whoa, slow down.
We never think about that it's beans.
It's beans.
But it's the same kinds of beans that you would put
in a chili or a bad gumbo.
How do I confront my landlord about frequent pop-ins?
My landlord thinks it's okay to show up whatever he wants
because he thinks my roommates and I
are all friends with him.
In the past, he has shown up to use our kitchen table
as a desk to work on.
Whoa.
Laying flooring until 11 p.m. on a Monday,
set up a Christmas tree without request or permission.
What the fuck?
Borrowed our kitchen for cooking, take a shower,
sleep on our couch, and worst of all offenses,
host game nights at our house and then invite us,
the people who actually live in the home he is renting out
to join his party merely hours before being thrown.
What?
I am extremely non-confrontational
and I'm about to explode at this point.
Please, Jesus, help me, brothers.
That's from Landlord in La La Land.
It's good that you've asked for our help
and also Jesus's help because this is gonna take
all four of us on deck.
I will say, okay, first question.
When your landlord leaves, do they walk out
and hop into the back of a white surveillance van?
Because I guarantee this is an elaborate
Big Brother-style TV show where they can't believe
you haven't left yet.
You were only supposed to be the first episode
and now this has gone on for months.
John Quinones has had you on the hook here
for quite some time.
This is his longest grift ever.
This is wild, it's unacceptable.
These are not pop-ins in the traditional landlord sense
where they're stopping in to make sure everything's doing
okay, interrupting your thing.
They're throwing parties at your house.
It is breaking and entering at this point.
Here's how I think this shook out.
The landlord thought, man, I could use
a little extra income.
I'm gonna rent out my house.
And then you came over and you signed the lease
and he gave you the keys and the door shut
and then he was like, ah, shit.
That's my only house.
Yeah.
So he is, I think, still living there, basically,
is what I think has happened.
Is he has mistakenly not, he has made his own property
the rental property.
This is the first time that I think we've gotten
a question where I've been excited to see
how this plays out on the next episode of Judge Judy.
So there's a part of me that's kind of like,
hmm, I've never seen this before.
But it's such a weird, I know you're non-confrontational,
but I think this is one of those rare cases
that requires one of those confrontations
I've heard so much about.
Well, this is the thing is I get being non-confrontational
where someone's like, I wanna fight you.
And you're like, I don't wanna fight.
But this person is actively punching you in the face.
You may need to fight them, it sounds like.
Yeah, it sounds like a fight may be in order.
Or move.
I mean, but you signed the,
is there anything in the contract that says like,
and by the way, whenever I wanna play Carcassonne
with my buddies, you're invited,
but it's gonna be in your kitchen, so deal with that.
Because if so, you should have read that contract
maybe a little bit closer.
Otherwise, it's not acceptable.
This is bad, even if I had a friend,
even if my best friend was doing this,
it would be a problem.
All right, we've talked about how bad it is.
What can we and Jesus Christ, Lord and Savior,
Lamb of lambs, King of kings, do to.
Son of David. Son of David.
Do to make this better. The quiet storm.
The quiet raging storm.
The King of the North.
What can all four of us do
to make this a better situation for them?
Change the logs.
That's illegal.
Is it? Yeah, probably not.
What if you did it, but then pretend like you didn't?
Can you invite like 200 people over to your house
so that like a Tokyo train during rush hour,
it's like, sorry, we're all full up.
Can't get nobody else in here.
If you invite enough people over to your house,
you probably won't notice that he's there,
which is a very good passive way of handling this.
Because it's already so full.
One more person is not gonna hurt.
Is it possible to hire a drill bit tailor?
Okay.
And that movie's so important to me for so many reasons,
but there's so many situations that could be required
by getting a real fucking hard ass like Owen Wilson.
Well, what's great, Griffin,
is what we're dealing with here
is a you, me, and Dupree scenario
that can be fixed with a drill bit tailor scenario.
With another Owen Wilson.
Yeah, and if that doesn't work,
then you get a- Yeah, Marma Gook?
With a dog, what's the dog movie?
No, the other one.
The other are Marley and you. Marley and me.
But Marley's a big, vicious dog
who's not gonna let this gentleman
to sort of stride right now. You, me, and Marley.
You, me, and Marley, the battle beast.
The death hound. The robot dog.
It's okay, because you gotta,
if you won't confront them, and I understand that,
I'll do it.
And I'm not, I'm pretty non-confrontational,
but it sounds like you're in need of somebody
to step in and say like, hey, dude,
you can't just come over whenever you want.
That's wild.
You cannot throw parties at this house where we live.
No, no, no.
You need to throw your hat into the crowd.
You need a new third roommate to come in and beat it back.
Get Mark Lowry.
Mark Lowry won't fuck around in this situation.
Yeah, get Mark Lowry.
It sucks, because there's really no other way around it,
other than telling your landlord,
like, you can't just throw,
if you're really uncomfortable
about being non-confrontational,
wait for the last thing to happen
about throwing a game night at your house
without telling you, because that's unacceptable
by literally anybody's standards,
and your landlord also knows that it sucks
and is not a cool thing to do.
And if you come to them and say like,
you can't just throw parties at our fucking house dog,
then I, like, unless they are completely,
like, removed from the situation,
I think they'll understand, sort of,
I think they'll grok what you're putting down here.
And I think the word that you need to invoke is boundaries.
We gotta have boundaries.
We gotta set some boundaries here, right?
Because I think that is a term that applies
to every relationship that exists.
So it's not about, like, I think you're a bad person,
or, hey, we're not friends.
It's, we need to set some boundaries.
Yeah. Like, it's one thing
if you wanna come over and hang out from time to time,
but you can't be here when we're not here.
Yeah, and again, like, if you're uncomfortable with it,
hire Owen Wilson to set up these boundaries for you,
and he'll just be like, sure.
Oh, wow, you can't throw a party over here.
Wow.
So that's Owen, that's Owen Wilson.
Yeah, I've been working on it,
me and Brian, my voice teacher.
We've been working on Owen lately.
I'm gonna do some ADR work.
I'm moving to Hollywood
to become sort of his verbal stunt man.
There's a lot of times they want Owen Wilson
to say words, like potty words, that he doesn't wanna say.
He hates saying these potty words.
But I'll say them, I don't care.
Things like bastard and piss.
But I've learned to say them in his voice
so that when he's on the set,
and he's like, wow, I'm really off.
And then I'll get in there, and I'll be like, piss,
and just say the potty words for him
is a new thing that I'm doing.
So if you want, I can do that.
Do you do parties too, Griffin?
Like you just show up, and you do Owen Wilson.
Yeah, I show up to kids' parties,
and I say the words piss and bastard and ass and shit.
Just like Owen Wilson would say them.
But I say them in Owen Wilson's voice,
and I don't dress up or anything.
I just look like me, but I roll up,
and then the 10-year-olds are like, do piss again.
And I'll be like, piss.
It's so good.
I've never heard Owen Wilson say that word,
so I don't know how accurate it is, but it's-
Hey, that's not like Santa Travis with the toilet word,
and he hates these words.
But it sounds like I would imagine
he would sound saying it.
Yeah, thank you, thank you.
You're welcome.
I've spent $30,000 on these lessons,
so it sounds really good. It's paid off, it's worth it.
You're gonna make that back just on the circuit.
I wanted to say, I wanted to end this episode
with something that I want to talk about real quick,
because I was looking at other Owen Wilson movies,
trying to see if there might be some funny,
funny bat catalog stuff that I could pull out.
I'd forgotten he was an Armageddon.
I was like, wait, Owen Wilson's an Armageddon?
Yeah, he gets got, I think, pretty quick.
So I clicked through, just I guess a closing meditation.
The character names in the movie Armageddon
are fucking buck wild.
Oh, give me some of them.
Okay, so Bruce Willis plays Harry S. Stamper.
Okay, by itself, that may not be very buck wild.
Billy Bob Thornton, Dan Truman.
Okay, still all right.
Ben Affleck plays A.J. Frost.
Ooh, all right.
Will Patton plays Charles Chick Chappell.
Steve Buscemi's name is Rock Hound.
Okay.
He's the Transformer.
Michael Clark Duncan recipes his,
he is J. Otis Bear Curlene.
Bear is his nickname.
J. Otis Curlene, nickname Bear.
And Owen Wilson, his character's name is Oscar Choice.
It actually isn't.
It actually, that doesn't, that's not a name.
That was his long con to try to win an Oscar.
Yeah, but they chose to, they were like,
thank you for the choice, Owen.
We're gonna pass on this one, I think.
Our answer is no to the choice.
Folks, that's gonna do it for us.
Thank you so much for listening.
We very much appreciate you.
I wanted to give one quick plug.
You know you can watch our TV show on VRV.
That's VRV.co.
My brother, my brother and me, the show is there.
You can watch all six episodes plus all the extra stuff.
While you're there, you can check out a new show
that I was on.
It's called Slug Riot.
It's an animated series.
I play a character named Very Deadward.
He's the bassist of this moldcore band called Slug Riot.
And it's a, there's only one episode up so far.
But it was really fun to do.
And the, oh, it looks like the two and three are up too.
So you can go watch those too.
VRV.co, I believe they're free.
Or at least the first one is to watch.
But Slug Riot is the name of the show.
And it was really fun to make.
And the episode is just like three minutes long.
So go check that out, cause it was really fun.
I wanna do just a couple quick plugs.
One, this, I think it's Thursday, the 25th,
I'm gonna be at the John Hondren and Jean Grey show,
the John and Jean show at the Bell House that night.
You can get tickets to that at bit.ly forward slash
Travis, J and J, and that's in Brooklyn, New York.
And before the show, I will be hanging out
at the Hinterlands.
So if you wanna come say hi there, grab a drink,
help support Stuart Wellington and co,
come do that and then come over to the show.
I also wanna say, speaking of John and Jean,
so Hal Loveland and I have a charity fundraising podcast
called Surprisingly Nice.
And it's been a while since we put an episode out,
but we just recorded a new one with John Hondren
and then special guest Jean Grey shows up.
And we've changed our funding model,
but basically how it is, is we're raising money.
We set a goal for $500 for this first episode.
And when we hit that, we will publish the episode.
And that money goes to World Central Kitchen,
which is a food charity that makes meals.
Specifically right now,
they're working to provide meals for Puerto Rico.
And Hondren has said that on top of that,
every dollar raised for World Central Kitchen,
he will match that and donate to Planned Parenthood
because that was the second choice for a charity.
So every dollar you donate is going to actually benefit
two different charities.
You can donate at paypal.me.surprisinglynice.
So far, we've already raised about $250
in just like three days.
So I think we're gonna-
That's awesome.
Yeah, I think we're gonna hit that $500
and you can help with that.
Isn't the JoCo Cruise also coming up soon?
Yeah, JoCo Cruise.
I'm not gonna be mentioning it much longer
because it's in like three weeks,
but I'm getting really, really amped for it.
It's gonna be a super fun time
and I'm really looking forward to it.
And you can find out about that at JoCoCruise.com.
And one more kind of a coming soon,
I'm putting together a show here in Cincinnati
that I'm calling the Cincinnati Underground Society Show.
And it is a secret show in that I'm not going to announce
who the guests are ahead of time,
but for this first show,
I've already got five people coming
and it's going to be a really good time.
So tickets are going to be coming soon for that.
And I have made a website for that
that I'm going to look up right now.
Can I ask if you call it
the Cincinnati Underground Secret Society,
which is a little bit redundant,
just so the acronym can be CUS?
Yes, absolutely.
It's the Cincinnati Underground Society
and this is the Cincinnati Underground Society Show.
And yes, the website I am currently working on
is cus.live.
And so that is where I'll be putting up.
It's right now, there is literally nothing to the website,
but it is on Squarespace.
But that is where I will post ticket links and stuff.
And hopefully I will have that up soon.
And then our first show is going to be March 30th
here in Cincinnati.
And then my hope is to make it a monthly show
with different guests every time
and like secret society pins and that kind of thing.
It's going to be a real fun time,
but more information about that will be coming soon.
Thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song
and to departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a fantastic album that you should get
if you don't already have it.
Thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
There's so many great shows and a bunch of new shows
that you should check out.
Shows like The Greatest Generation and Tights and Fights
and the Beef and Dairy Network
and so many more all at MaximumFun.org.
And as we mentioned a couple of times,
all of our stuff is also at McRoyShows.com.
Do you guys want that final?
Yeah.
It was sent in by Leslie.
Thank you, Leslie.
It's Yahoo Answers user FawziB asks,
can Jello steal my energy if I am an Aquarius?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad, square on the lips.
Hey girls, do you wanna just say, hey I wanna?
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture, artist owned, listener supported.
Hi there, I'm film critic April Wolf
and host of the Maximum Fun podcast Switchblade Sisters.
Do you love genre films?
Do you love female filmmakers?
Do you love discussions on craft?
If your answer is yes, you'll love Switchblade Sisters.
Every episode I invite one female filmmaker on
and we talk in depth about their fave genre film
and how it influenced their own work.
So we're talking horror, action, sci-fi, fantasy,
bizarro and exploitation cinema.
Mothers, lock up your sons
cause the Switchblade Sisters are coming for you.
Available at Maximumfun.org
or wherever you find your podcasts.
