the McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed.
Travis claims he's a sexpert but if there's a degree on his wall I haven't
seen it. Also this podcast kind of is for kids I guess just in case you babies out
there know how cool you are for listening. What's up you cool baby!
Hello everybody and welcome to my show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin
McElroy and I'm your middle brother Travis McElroy and I'm your sweet baby
brother and 30 under 30 media luminary Griffin McElroy. Now I want to say as a
longtime Huntingtonian first off welcome to our city. What a joy it is to have you
here. I want to tell you it is a genuine honor and a pleasure to be playing here
in the beautiful and historic Keith Albee Theatre. Now you will know the Keith
Albee from its storied history as the place where that it's trash gif was made.
Damn Justin I was gonna make that exact joke. So it's not a joke it's history
Travis. It's a notable feature of this building that downstairs I opened a door
and said it's trash and it became a very useful gif for a lot of people from 2016
on. I'm sorry for that it's a storied theater and a lot of great times here.
Griffin you had kind of your own adventure. Yeah fun time. Earlier today.
Beautiful so glad to be here. Can I tell it from my point? Sure I think it'll hit
harder if you hear it from Travis's point of view. So I got a okay this came
after Griffin's wife Rachel said where is Griffin? There she's known for other
things than being Griffin's wife. What I should say is Rachel's husband Griffin had
gone missing and she said where is my husband Griffin and Justin and I
simultaneously without checking said party and then five minutes later I get
a call from Griffin that says hey it's your brother Griffin. You may know me
from being Rachel's husband. And then he said I'm on the third floor I'm stuck in
the bathroom so first I tried to go up that set of stairs and almost ate it on
the stage in front of you all and then I learned you can only get to the third
floor from that set of stairs and then I reached it and I said Griffin are you
locked in? And he said no just stuck. The dang door got stuck. Listen folks hey it's
me Griffin McElroy. It was not my finest moment and the worst part is that I
don't only ask Travis to come help me out. So I heard the news ripple literally
up a flight of stairs onto a completely different section of the theater because
I called Travis in the basement and then I heard very quickly people on the first
floor saying yeah Griffin's stuck in the bathroom. You probably heard my my peals
of laughter my absolute delight. While I was still on the phone with Griffin I
looked at Justin and said he's stuck in the bathroom. Yeah it was another I
announced yeah I did announce it mid call. It was a good few minutes there
before anyone came to fetch me from the bathroom and I do want to I do want to
point out Griffin was not locked in just couldn't physically open the door
the paint the paint of the doorframe and the door had like see a bit I I did to
be fair have the shoulder jacket open. I have I I have a weak body I love this
theater I love this theater it does say on the signs hanging over the toilets
backstage says don't flush anything other than toilet paper to help preserve our
historic plumbing and I wanted to respond to this bathroom sign and say
this is history still in the making. I could have a I could have an important
chapter in the history of this toilet. History is a living document. Yes so as you
certainly guessed. Griffin's fine now. I spent three minutes locked in a bathroom knowing
everyone backstage knew I was in there. There was an army of carolers laughing
at me. To the point where three different people walked by and as I went up I heard a
carolers say we might as well just keep the stairs open. So as you've guessed by
this point it's an advice show that we do around here. It is a genuine pleasure
to have you all on Huntington. I've met many of you at Jolly Pirate Donuts. I met
you in line when I brought some of you Jolly Pirate Donuts. I met some of you
when I tried unsuccessfully to park in the parking lot outside the theater and
was chided by our fans so rippledly that I chickened out of parking and drove
away. Now J-Man we did get an audience question that said why did Justin try to
run me down in the parking lot? I was going very slowly and why were you in a
parking lot? You can still kill someone slowly. It's for cars and softly. It's for cars. It's an
advice show. Pleasure to be here in the historic Keith Albee theater. I am a master model builder
for Legoland Discovery Center. Every day I have dozens of parents that come
through and comment on how easy and fun my job must be. While this is true for
the most part I still have the deadlines and paperwork of any other office job.
Any other office job? Come on this is me Justin. There are lawyers. Yeah there's lawyers and stuff.
There are doctors. My question is this how do I keep their fantastical view of
the job alive while still preserving my fragile ego with the amount of real
work I do? That's from Self-Centered in Central Ohio. Are you here?
Do you have any paper made of Lego bricks you could write upon? Because
then they would have to watch you make the paper and then maybe a pen made out
of Legos and then you try to write and it doesn't work. This is a fantastic world
Travis has swept us all away into. A subtle way to do it is if you just left
all around Legoland just a little bit of blood from your hands and you wouldn't
even make a big deal. I'm not saying you walk maybe you do walk around with
bandages all over your hands and you let the parents piece it together. Oh and
maybe like a Lego sign that says it's been zero days since our last incident.
Just a bunch of headless Lego dolls scattered around the park. Maybe just a
bin of heads and you can be like oh those we don't talk about those. This is what
happens when I lose focus for a second. Look at that Chewbacca. I spent all day on
that Chewbacca's leg fell off. Fell the heck over. And OSHA's on my... OSHA's on my
keister. Oh yeah this is a no cursing show. We're gonna do our best. OSHA's on my
keister. It has to happen right that something you're building collapses.
Maybe not all the time. Hopefully. No you are going to have to sabotage some of
your own creations. Something so beautiful it cannot exist. Right. Something
maybe you're making the Sistine Chapel and maybe God destroys it. God destroys
your Lego Chapel because it's not it's better than his chapel. Yeah and then you
just fall to your knees and you curse to the heavens like you do. Next thing you
build out. And Tom Hanks comes in and says yeah. Okay wait wait wait. Was that a
Da Vinci code? I'm trying to think of literally any other Tom Hanks movie that
it would be. It is but I also just assume that at this point Tom Hanks is a mouthpiece for
God. And he is also at Legoland most days. He loves them. He loves Legos. He likes the noise actually. That's the thing. It's not the
aesthetic. It's the snap noise. It's his ASMR. Hey how about a Yahoo? Yes please.
This one was sent in by Adrian Cowles. Are you here? No. Wait. Shh. Are you here?
Oh maybe not. Oh man. I thought Adrian was supposed to be here. I may be putting
Adrian on blast and maybe Adrian doesn't want to be put on blast. Adrian are you not here? It's not good.
Okay anyway Adrian Cowles is a hero to all. It's from Yahoo Answers user Jamooka
who asks with all the milk Santa drinks where does he go when he has to go?
Obviously in the sleigh. Oh. That would be my guess is he's got a Santa's Little
Helper if you know what I mean. I don't. Viagra? Not Viagra. A bucket? That you call Santa's Little Helper?
A suction like kind of like the mass that drops down on an airplane but he's
got a tube. He's got a tube in there. He's got a tube in there and he just
pees into it and then it fills up a pouch. Just one? Because it's a lot of
milk. It's a lot of pouches and they're. The sleigh is most it's 10% presents 90%
Santa pee pouches. Griffin have you seen that thing that you attach to a spigot
and it fills up a bunch of water balloons at once? Yes. It's like that and
then he dumps them in to the ocean. Okay Santa has been studying with Sting and
just at the end of once a night. Oh wow Travis has just introduced a
fascinating new concept into my life which is how long can sting go without
having to drain the main vein as they say. Okay if Santa had to stop every time. I'm just
realizing that as Sting gets older he will be able to have tangerine sex
without. Hold on one second. Nutting.
It's on the line for more and more time but have to go to the bathroom more and
more frequently. So he will have to. Listen I'm not gonna you know. I don't
want you to think. I don't want you to think that I'm gonna you know. I just
gotta you know. The other one that comes out. The make some of the. I'm gonna keep my
lapel mic on. I gotta make some of the fields of gold if you know what I'm
saying. I will not. And then I was going to say the c-word but I think that's I will not nut.
Little Gordon's gotta. Yeah I want to move away from. No. This region.
Impossible. I'm just saying that if Santa had to stop yeah every let's even say
one hour two hour to relieve himself. That's a lot of time lost. I think he has
to make it to the end of the night. And then. A two hour long. Crazy. Okay you know what.
Here's the only thing that makes sense. Alright okay. That's a thousand. Okay
that's that's a quarter in the swear jar and I'm sorry.
The only. Also this whole conversation I forgot we had an ASL ASL interpreter.
And I'm sorry for that. I am so sorry for you and you and us. So anyway the only
thing that makes sense is that Santa's peeing in your house and he's doing it
while he's eating the cookies. It's the only time. The time lost. The time lost.
His pee lost. Neck neutral. He's taking the cookies into the bathroom. He's urinating.
He's eating the cookies and drinking the milk. Ouroboros the snake eat its own tail.
The cycle continues ad infinitum. Unless. Unless. Santa Claus is just always going
a little bit. ABP. Just a little bit. That's what they don't tell you in the
Santa Claus film. Says here no matter what my beard grows back all the time
because I killed a man and that's my eternal punishment and I'm always kind
of peeing sort of. That's the thing you see only eats and drinks one night of
the year and then pees a little bit for the next 364 days. I have another question here
and I'm sure you're all relieved to hear that. Not literally relieved. I'm a zoo
keeper at a small zoo in West Virginia humblebrag. Sometimes people who come to
the zoo think that some of our animals are fake. Alligator, Burmese python, etc.
Those are some animals. They usually ask me if they are real because they don't
move around a lot. I respond with a yes but even then they aren't convinced. What
are some ways I can absolutely convince them these guests that our animals are
real. That's from real wild and real wonderful animal keeper. Are you here?
Hello. Hello. To be fair some of those people also think they're dead. Are those
real and also alive? Because I'm a zoo cop. That is fair. I'm a bad zoo man. I've taken
my three-year-old to a lot of zoos too and most of the time when she sees any
animal even an active animal she's like is that real because there are
animatronics and holograms now it's hard to know let alone like an alligator
who's just sitting there. If we're being honest the alligator isn't bringing a
lot to the table. Yeah, alligators are whack. That's a deepfake puma. That's not a real...
I think the way you can get around this especially with the alligator and
especially with the Burmese python is to open the door and just say go on in. Now
wait Griffin okay. Maybe it's real maybe it isn't. Are you brave enough to find
out? Okay it's not an escape room Griffin. Let's see you put up or shut up if
these are real or not. If they're real you're gonna be real dead. Hey Griffin
you know a zookeeper is not mostly there to protect the animals right? Listen they
are if you ask me. Here's the other thing. How many times do you think a
professional zookeeper gets to say the phrase go on in then before they lose
their job and charges are pressed against them? Like once right? It's just
the one. Hold on if that is if that is started with did you sign the waiver go
on in. Because there are things where you can go in and meet penguins and sometimes
penguins are having a real bad day. But the kids will see. The kids will see. The
blood. The kids will see the blood as the beautiful beautiful python eats the
disbelieving grandma. And then the kids will go I've learned a lot about
humanity. This is an educational zoo thank you for bringing me. I've learned about snake-anity today. Oh that's one thing you
do is you could put a fake python in the python zone but have like a human
outline sort of inside of the fake python and then be like go on in then.
That guy thought the pythons were fake. Look how he fared. Not good it seems. How
about a yahoo? I'd love that Griffin. Thank you. A lot of people sent this one in.
It's from an anonymous yahoo answers user who is I'm going to call Torbance
asks Torbance asks what happened if the cops are arresting someone on December
23 and it hits midnight on Christmas Eve will they stop as they close Christmas?
So the premise is you're free to go shoot we're close Christmas. But more
than okay if they meant every word of that intentionally what it is saying is
oh we've hit midnight it's now the 24th and this paperwork will take us at least
24 hours. No they're closed for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. Why do you want them to work all the time?
Come on. Let them have a good time with their families. When are they going to leave cookies out for dinner?
That's fair. You're right you've got oh you did murder eight people but I gotta get
home and put that goose on the stove. It's okay I can't murder on Christmas Eve anyway.
Good night coppers. I'll be back on Boxing Day when I'm putting all those people in boxes.
Sorry fellas it's December 24th there's Santa's problem now.
What I'm suggesting is this he knows when you've been sleeping he knows if you're awake
he knows if you did larceny so he's the cops now and I'm saying December 24th and 25th Santa's
out there he sees everything that's happening Santa can be cops on those days. That is why no murder has
ever happened on the 24th or 25th. I'm not saying it doesn't happen I'm just saying they don't get toys
which is I think we can all agree the worst punishment worst thing that can happen.
There has to be a third list yes if Santa's cops for two days. Oh so naughty nice death penalty.
Naughty nice list naughty list slay. Slay's pretty good. Nice list naughty list naughty list special
victims unit. When him and his partner Christopher Maloney go out I would watch that show.
I would watch that show. I don't have anything else Santa's cops for two days.
Santa's cops that's where we're at. Santa's cops for two days. Should we move on to another question?
I have a segment. Oh no.
So I have a segment you might not have heard it yet it is a newer segment. Oh this one's good okay.
Bum bum bum bum reach for the stars. In this segment I'm going to read some reviews from
Amazon and Justin and Griffin have to guess what the product is. Now this this is only two. This
is only two reviews. I've got three different products here. This is a short one. Okay.
This is a three-star review out of five. The subject line is short-lived.
I love this guy but sadly I got him out for a second season and he no longer works. Wish he
would have lasted longer and also I've never mentioned this before but one person found this
helpful. Okay I'm gonna say it is a Christmas themed Big Mouth Billy Bass. Okay.
Christmas sprinkler. Okay this one might give it away. This is from Roger. This is the five-star
review. For my granddaughter she loves it. He can really twerk. Is it a twerking Santa
Trout? Yes it is a twerking Santa. Yes it is a twerking Santa Justin. That poor first person.
I know. What is this broken twerking Santa look at this poor low energy.
Wouldn't wouldn't you have given anything to be in the room when this old man stares down
at his Santa and says dang thing's supposed to be twerking. Hey hey watch I'm gonna plug him in watch
this. Oh oh man I thought he'd twerk. You can do it put your back into it. Okay so these next two
the last two uh there's a theme these are both Christmas movies. Okay. This is a one-star review
with the subject line heartwarming but strange. If you have a taste for the strange this is the
Christmas movie for you. Bad in every way but we were able to watch it to the end.
Congratulations that's great. Uh I'm gonna say jingle all the way to starring Larry the Cable
starring Larry the Cable Call. Uh National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation. Incorrect.
Two. Nope. Eddie's Island Getaway. This subject line one star review subject line
Spartan helmets don't float.
And the rest of it is and also everything else was just hot garbage as well.
Do you want me to read it again? Is it is it um 300 Crazy Nights?
That's funnier than anything I was gonna say. Okay this is a three-star review. The subject line
is so dumb. I watched this to the end because I was hoping it would get better but it never did.
I gave it three because tween girls would probably love it. So this is one film that tween girls
would probably love and Spartan helmets don't float. And it's what was the first one it's they
hated it but they did. Yeah heartwarming but strange. Heartwarming but strange.
It's a wonderful life.
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 3. That's what I made up. That's gonna be a mermaid for
Christmas. A mermaid for Christmas? Okay now this these these reviews make me so happy. All right.
Subject line soft porn.
One star. This has been advertised as a classic Christmas movie. We sat down to watch it with our
teen-aged grandchild. I ignored the r-rating thinking it must be incorrect. It was not.
It is a piece of trash full of the most vile cursing I have heard. It is full of soft porn
showing naked adults acting out copulation. I turned it off and threw it in the garbage where
it belongs. I am not a prude but was much embarrassed to have played a part of it
for my relatives. Amazon should move it to their adults only section. Does Amazon have a
pornography section? This is a question I'm genuinely asking. Before you guys guess I just
have to keep reading them because it goes on and on. It is the bad Santa. Is it the bad Santa?
This is a one-star review. Subject line nudity shocking.
Was shocked by the nudity.
Inappropriate for viewing. Will need to only watch the edited version on TV.
The rest of the content has a great positive message about the holiday. This is a one-star
review and the subject line is one star. Should be x-rated. Went in the trash.
One-star review. This is not a family Christmas movie. Would not have rented this movie if I had
seen the R rating. Filthy language innuendo. Not suitable to be listed as a Christmas movie.
Very disappointed that I cannot get a refund. I rent a lot of movies.
I rent a lot of movies. Okay one more. One-star review. Yuck.
Seriously this movie is one creepy situation after another. Sleazy unprofessional work
relationships. Old men and young women. Very bizarre fake sex on a movie set.
Okay this movie does not age well. It's a wonderful life.
Do y'all know what it is? Because I haven't. Justin guess. I don't know. It's Love Actually.
Yuck.
Now I have not. Oh no we wore out the first interpreter.
Was it all the yelling? Yes. The hand movements had to be bigger. Okay. Now I've never seen
Love Actually. How close did I approximate it? The summer camp I work for holds an annual ravioli
eating contest among the staff. I have been whiplash from what Travis just did to the first
thing you just said. I have been dubbed the ravioli champion as I have won for the past
five years due to some changes in my health. I'm okay. I just gotta eat better. Yeah. Yeah. We all
do. Time passes. Yeah but also you're the ravioli champion so I assume you do indeed have to eat
better. I've come to the conclusion that. My one defining feature is I consume a lot of ravioli.
Anyways I have some health concerns. I've come to the conclusion that I won't be able to
participate next year. When I tried to tell my co-workers this they all thought I was joking.
They even got me a certificate framed and all to hang on my wall for my past achievements
engorging myself on pasta. Brothers how do I resist the peer pressure to eat a ridiculous
amount of ravioli and remain a champion. That's from stuffed in Scotch Plains New Jersey are you
here. That's a ravioli king if I've ever. You know the one thing I do have to say before we begin
with the great goofs and spoofs a ravioli eating competition. Is this a common thing that I'm just
not plugged into. No no here's what I will say because I edited this question down for time
but there was a line in it where they said that there was a restaurant in the town of the summer
camp that had an all you could eat ravioli night. Okay which in and of itself seems like it should
be shut down by the CDC. Yeah ravioli is not a type of food that I think I could stomach infinite
of. No ravioli is not the type of food where I eat a heaping helping and I say I could eat
three to four more heaping helpings of ravioli please. It actually seems like you could like
set up a weird drinking style game but ravioli game where you set up a chess board with different
ravioli squares and if you land on one the other person have to eat it and they die. That's a fun
game that you just invented. Thank you. I think I think you have to participate. Wait cool let me
finish. You can't be ravioli champion and then just bow out and not let people take a shot at
the master of ravioli at the ravioli champion right. They gotta have a shot at the crown.
What you gotta do is go in and I'm sorry eat a tasteful amount of ravioli.
Just a regular healthy portion of ravioli. You know six. Yeah it's six. You're no longer able to
compete at the maximum level and it's fair for you to bow out but honestly you do have to lose.
I think you should have to lose. Now here's what I will say bet against yourself. Okay take a fall.
Yeah now you're the ravioli champion there is a certificate in your cubicle or whatever.
Put a large amount of money against yourself. Is there a danger Travis? Is there a danger that you
won't make it into the ravioli hall of fame? No that they'll start eating the ravioli and then
well I do love this wonderful stuff. Oh don't get that ravioli madness. I do have the fire of
competition in my belly and I do have the plaque and all. That's always a risk Justin. I guess I
should go ahead and pound more ravioli. I'm worried about that. It might happen. And then
that stinks because you die of ravioli poisoning and also you lost your dang money is the other
thing that you bet against yourself. You may eat what you think is a normal amount of ravioli
make it to the end and they're like you won by a lot and you look at everybody else like what's
wrong with you all? This stuff is amazing. That is a good question. Have you often won by two
or three times as much as everyone else? Because it might just be when you've eaten one more than
the next person. Stop. I'm just now realizing I'm really hungry for ravioli. I know right?
I could go for some ravioli right now. I need to be the devil's advocate here and say
don't enter the ravioli competition. Follow your instincts. Griffin's right. Don't enter the ravioli
competition. Let someone win then challenge them. It's the second movie. You train someone to win.
That's ravioli one. Then you're coming back for ravioli two to beat the person you trained because
they got pretty cocky and you need to show them what a real ravioli champ looks like. It's like in
Rocky 2 ravioli three yeah someone else eats your friend. Yes it would be like if in Rocky 2 Rocky's
doctor was like hey your cholesterol is crazy. You can't just keep drinking eggs out of a pitcher.
All you have to do is stop eating. No one's paying you to eat eggs. I'm the best egg eater.
That's not it Rocky. That's nothing. The movie's not about you being a good egg eater. Then what's
it about? You could just have some celery. You burn more calories eating. I want to eat eggs.
But I'm the egg eater. Did you say egg-rian out loud? I did. That's fun. It just came across my...
What if just slowly behind that hut a doll rose up?
Paul don't do it. Hunt a doll watch. If you've never listened to our program before
and it's in this room distinct possibility. How many of you just heard there was something going
on in Huntington today? You saw a huge line of people and you're like screw it I'll hop in line.
We like to keep tabs on the paranormal being sold on the electronic bay and here's one I found
today. Oh I'm looking at it. It's a two and a half foot tall Santa statue with a beach ball and a red
hat. Oh no. No it's not the haunted doll on the stage. This is haunted doll Jody a sad paranormal
doll. Oh currently it's on sale for ten dollars. I'm assuming it will not be by the time this
segment has ended. Haunted doll Jody a sad paranormal doll put on sale by Pretty Willow.
335 ratings 100% positive feedback. This doll haunted. That's a guarantee from your friend
Jess McRoy. Haunted doll Jody sad paranormal doll story on Jody. I just got her last weekend along
with many other dolls but I have a few dolls that are getting upset that there are so many in my
home now. That will happen. Hey Jody is it the dolls or is it your niece Vicky? Are the dolls upset or
does Vicky say you need to clean this house or I'm moving out? Oh I thought you said that the dolls
didn't like Vicky. I have a few other dolls getting upset. There's so many in my home now. With this
being said I work with all my dolls and many of them have many stories to tell. Expect this little
doll. That's just what it says. It says expect this little doll. Expect it. I will deliver. Jody is
near five inches tall. She is old and she was found when my son and I did a paranormal investigation
on a private property that was abandoned. Private property. So you looted. You robbed. I think a private
property that is abandoned is a public property right? I still think it's right. No one was in the
house when we broke in. Yeah to look for haunted dolls. Along with her there was many other dolls
that I had found. The owner said I could have the dolls. Wait hold on. Hold on. I don't believe you.
It was a private property that was abandoned and you said hey can we loot your house and they were
like take whatever. Yeah you don't want me to loot. Stay perfectly quiet. They told me by how
asleep they were. The owner said I could have the dolls. They have been there for such a long time
and he never really bothered with them. So after bringing these dolls into my home I decided to try
to work with this one first doing a spirit box on this doll. Yeah. I can't really get clear answers
from this doll other than her name is Jody. She won't give me an age but she says she's very sad
and she was locked away too long. I don't feel she is bad just sad. That sounds like you apologizing
for a friend that none of your other friends like. Yeah. They're not bad. They're just
sad. So I don't have time right now. He's just hungry. I don't have time right now to keep trying
to get answers from her. I'm busy. So why are you getting rid of your dog? I just can't with Jody
anymore. Woof. This doll would be great if you have time to talk to her and maybe get the answers
yourself. So if you work for yourself from home adopt Jody. I do feel sad when I hold her. I must
have this doll. I would love to have something to blame my sadness on. Griffin why are you so sad
all the time? I don't know but I'm holding this doll. I cannot guarantee your doll will quote
perform for you. These are real individuals that lived real lives and are worthy of respect.
None of those three things are true. They may take a bit of time to warm up to you or they may
show themselves to you right away or they might just be an empty doll. Please do not adopt a
haunted object with no intent of offering them attention. They're like a Tamagotchi folks. You
have to take care of them or communication. They're human beings. They're not though.
Even if they're ghosts they're ghosts. They don't need to eat or sleep or drink or anything.
They're human beings not party tricks or meant to just sit on a shelf. So you want don't expect
them to do tricks but don't not expect them to do tricks either. Have them do some tricks.
An adoption to be taken seriously particularly with children that need a motherly touch.
Wait whoa hey big joke. That sentence is a journey.
English was not meant to convey this level of information
with just a scant few words but suddenly this person's entire world has been opened up to.
Come walk in the door of those 10 words and see their entire existence laid bare.
If you have any questions feel free to ask. Oh I have questions. What was the last thing you just
said all about? Jump back 10 words one more again. Due to eBay rules I must pose this.
All paranormal dolls and stories are for entertainment purposes but I'll let you be the
judge of that. If you have any questions feel free to ask me. All caps. I will be listing many more.
The end. That's Haunted Doll Watch. Do you think when they list in the thing like this is for
entertainment purposes only but I'll let you be the judge of that. eBay like contacts them like
hey you can't. You can't actually say psych at the end. It's like a rule. We asked you not to do
like it's like if we said you can't sell weed and like this is a weed but it is. It is weed.
It's not weed but it's green and when you burn it it gets you high. Great. All right we can do
audience questions. We have some sent in by you all. If we can get house lights turned on. No
listen there were no seat numbers so we have like names we'll do first initial and if there's any
confusion all right first. We're gonna say the first initial of a first name. I meant the first
initial of the last name. All bees rust the stage. Yes. All bees. So we have a microphone right here
right here down front and I'm just gonna start calling some folks down. Maddie M you have a
question about your grandma. Maddie M with a question about their grandma. Come on down.
Christy H who has a question about a speeding ticket. Come on down.
Logan. Thanks. I had that coming. All right Logan W has a question about their
gift for their roommate. Yeah baby grip and rip it. Yeah crunch one for them. We're not going home
yet. This show's only been four hours long. Let's go. Yeah and let's also get Charlie C who has a
question about some bones. All right. What's the deal with these bones? We're gonna need more house
lights because weirdly you're illuminating everybody but the people standing at the
microphones. That may be all we got to work with. It's a historic theater. Okay friend over. Hey
everyone turn on your cell phone lights. No don't do this thing. Do it. It'll be like it'll be fun
and special holiday magic. Okay here we go. We'll start over here. Hi. No here's where. Oh my god
it's kind of working. Hello over here. Hi. Hi. If you're directly in front of the person we probably
don't need to do that. Okay go on. Um okay so my grandmother. Oh what's your sorry what's your name?
Oh yeah sorry hi I'm Maddie. Hi Maddie. Thank you Maddie. Yes if you want to give your pronouns that
would be very helpful. Thank you. So my grandmother is in the hospital and she like went to the
hospital like three days ago and so we were like oh no she is not going to be out for Christmas.
Um but my grandmother. Turn it around. Come on. Yeah I'm bringing it around. You got this. You can do it. I believe in you.
My grandmother is an old Irish woman who is um resilient so shall we say. You already said old
Irish woman. Yeah so um she texted my cousins and I in our group chat and asked if we could throw
a Christmas rager in her hospital room. Okay. Yeah. I cursed. I'm sorry. And so I just want to know the best
way to pull this off uh without getting us or grandma kicked out of the hospital. Kicked out of the
hospital. I don't know. Wait hold on. Can they kick people out of hospitals for that? Hey you are too
cool. Get out of here. Francis Ford is pretty wild. Uh yeah they can kick you right out of hospital
Travis. You're not granted diplomatic immunity because you're inside of a hospital. But I it's
hard to make sure the dean of the hospital. You don't understand. Hospital official she's sick.
Okay and she wants to have a party. There we go. There's some more lights. Uh yeah um you're gonna
need some IV bags full of vodka. Or gin. Yeah or White Claw. Or Bloody Mary. Probably not the Bloody
Mary. Probably not the Bloody Mary. It looks like blood. That would be fun. You're right that would be fun
Trav. Yeah that you're right Trav. Don't no don't put it in your arm. Don't put any of them in your
arm. Oh my gosh. Listen do everybody got they got the hospital booties? Get a little like old-time
rock and roll like slide like dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun. That's good. Like in risky business and you slide
around. Little cups of jello shots. Okay that's good. I mean listen they hospital gowns don't have
hospital gowns don't have backs. You're halfway to a party already. Okay. I've been to a lot of
parties. Rarely do they feature open butt cracks. Maybe I'm going to the wrong parties. Is there a
way and I'll just base this on some of my like party expertise. Is there a way that there could
be a comfortable couch in an entirely different room and a cat that you can just kind of hang out
where where maybe Mario party is happening? Yeah. So last time she got sick I did sneak my cat into
the hospital. All right so my you would you say that my idea has been the only good one so far?
I don't know those little jello the little jello cup shots that's a pretty good one too. So you're
saying that we've helped? You guys have yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Is this close enough to the mic?
If we could get some more cell phone lines over here. Yeah. Oh my god. Oh yeah. You all rule. Thank
you guys so much. I like the people over here holding up their phones. Thank you. Thank you.
Hello. Very sweet. Hello I am Christy. Hi Christy. So for my birthday yesterday I got tickets to
come here. I was very excited. Oh that's so nice. Is the person standing with you with you? Yes this
is my little sister. She's here for emotional support because I'm just so excited right now.
Well all of the under lighting didn't help with Travis's sort of presumption. That was not a
criticism of everybody's lighting job. Yeah I saw you all reach up higher. We'll get an angle. You're too
sweet. Okay. Yeah so on my way here I was really excited and we were listening to Taz. But now
you're disappointed. No I was just swept away by the tapestry that I didn't realize I was
speeding a little bit. Oh no. The adventure Zane does have that effect on you. What would Zane do?
I got pulled over for my first time on the way here. Oh no. By a West Virginia police officer?
No by Ohio. That's why. I'm sorry. Hey listen here's a non-joke. As you're going home tonight
don't speed in Ohio. Yeah you will watch the speed limit go like 55-60, 55-60, 55-60.
There's real laws over there. Over here in West Virginia there is no law about the number of
people riding in the back of a pickup truck. Where in Ohio that number is zero. In West Virginia
this is true. The open container law is it has to be out of the reach of the driver.
So you you as the driver could just sort of play t-rex and just be like.
Anyway tragic we should have this honestly this one's on us we should have warned you. The first
time I ever got pulled over was in Ohio. Wait wait wait what's your question? So um my little
sister's in the car I was freaking out and then I was. Blame it on her. My parents paid for the
tickets to come here how do I get them to pay for the ticket for Christmas? Okay so the first time
I ever got a speeding ticket I was going 15 miles over the speed limit. That's what happened today.
That's what I did today. That's what you did today? Yes and the officer who brought me over said I'm
going to list it as being nine miles because if it's 10 or more it's reckless endangerment. This
guy was not as nice. They said what? He was not as nice and caught me. Oh okay so then I as they
were writing the ticket I called my father Clint McRoy and I told him what happened and he goes
can you talk about of it all the way and I said dad I feel like he's already being pretty nice
and dad said come on and I refused to try to talk the police officer out of it to the disappointment
of my father. Can you get our father to guilt you in the past? No probably not. This is also. Where
are you from? Columbus. Oh you should have known then. Okay so my advice is gonna be don't go to
Ohio anymore and you're fine. That's a real city. That's a real city you should know about cops.
Maybe talk to some police here and see if they get because one time another story about my dad
I got a ticket for expired uh like stickers on my license plate and I had to go to uh city hall
and talk to someone and my dad said and in this tone of voice ask them if they know who we are.
He didn't mean podcast luminaries to be fair. And I did and they did and it was fine.
Wait it worked? Yeah. Oh that's what's wrong with America. So maybe try that. Has your dad been on
radio for 40 years? Is that an option? No. If not you tell him he was they don't know it's radio.
Listen. Yes. Are your parents cool? Pretty much cool yeah. Do they listen to the show? No but
they know of you guys because they listen to you a lot. What are their names? No. Not last names.
First names. So what do you call them? Mom and dad but they go by Mark and Dorie. Hey mom and dad.
Hey mom and dad. It's me Travis. You know if you think how old are you? 19. 19. If you think about
it what's 2.5 dollars a year right no 25 dollars a year. How much was the ticket? 135. Okay that's
not that bad. I was really shocked I thought it was gonna be 300 because I've never been pulled
over before. Okay look in there hey mom and dad look in their eyes that's your baby. Stop it. Hey
no no stick with me on this that's your baby. Are you gonna really make them sweat 135 dollars?
That's like one stub hub ticket to on my brother my brother and me show. That's nothing. I just
feel bad like because my parents pay for this and I just don't have anything. They've paid for everything
up till now. I'll Venmo you. I have a three-year-old can I tell you how much more money than the next one.
Okay listen I'll Venmo you just email me I'll Venmo you the ticket money it's fine next question
I fixed it. Thank you guys. Email me I'll Venmo you. Happy candlelight. Justin at bim bam dot com email me
I'll Venmo you. Only you though. Justin at teen google dot com hello how can I help? Hello.
Wait did that help? Wait I know it did. Yeah absolutely thank you. This is so beautiful hello. Hi
um I'm Charlie. Hi Charlie. It's a great name. Can you angle the microphone up just a little bit?
That's fine no worries. Jesus. And apologies in advance if like um something doesn't make sense
I just got back from wisdom teeth surgery so. Whoa hey everyone grab the armrests go on. Okay um
so I live on on a farm and my stepmom hikes a lot and um she's gotten this hobby of collecting bones.
Oh a bone collector. Yeah like the documentary. Yeah they're pretty much everywhere in our house
like um our house is decorated in um uh they're scattered throughout the yard because our dogs
get them too. Oh it's a family affair. Are you here to turn her in? Um maybe um I there's also piles
of them on the front porch. Bone piles. Yeah um and as one might see in Castlevania. Yeah um they've
been there for about three years now I asked her once why and she said she was bleaching them but
I feel like after three years they should be bleached. Hey and also that's not a good answer
for why you have bones. That's as if somebody said why you know the only reason to say why I have
bones so I can stand up and move my arms and eat food. Um but I mean basically my question is how
can I get her to take the bones off the porch at least. Well here's the good news if you steal them
um what's she gonna do? Call the police? Good luck with that call. Hey is this the police?
Someone stole my bone. You should make a you should make a bone pit but work real hard on it
and paint it and stuff with good colors. Put that on YouTube. Put up a fun sign and be like I spent
all day making you a bone pit you're not gonna move them to the bone pit? I made this for you.
And then it's kind of a guilt thing that works that works on me. And maybe start signs like 50
miles out like don't miss the bone pit. Don't miss the bone pit it's a tourist attraction I made it.
What else is she saving them for if not for people to see them because if she doesn't want
people to see them she killed those things. Well I would assume she does want people to see them
because they're like all over our house and she's not exactly hiding them on the porch there just
have piles next to the door. When no one's coming you have to get the word out. Okay. If in the Texas
Chainsaw Massacre. The documentary. The documentary. If the teens had rolled up to the house and there
had been an affable guide who was like look at all my great bones. I don't think the bones would
be very scary. Sure. I think we're all putting a lot of stigma on these bones. So what Griffin is
saying is it's not a problem at all. Apparently it's not a problem. The problem is branding.
Yes. Yes. So maybe if you got on board with it. Maybe the problem is with you. If you petition
the Department of Transportation to put up an official sign on the highway advertising the bone
zone. Now it's fun. Now it's a money maker. Hello. Does that help? Yes it does. Thank you so much.
I need I need my fireflies. We're gonna help you extremely quickly because we're running out of
time. Hi. I appreciate it a lot. I'm Logan. She her. So I like getting gifts that I know that
people are going to use and that people can like use like over time and stuff. So would it be like
entirely too inappropriate to get my roommate cleaning supplies for Christmas?
There. Logan. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. 10 seconds. Why is it a good idea to do this thing? Because
I feel like it could save a lot of time. You know busy people. Hey Logan is there any sort of
little bit of like a kind of slight hint of maybe you could use these around the house? Well anyone
could. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Is there maybe like are these maybe like shade brand? Like you're kind of
throwing a little bit. So I was thinking of like those like I don't know. Okay. So those litter
boxes that I've seen online for years that are like the there's like a top layer that you can
like like sit it out and then just like toss it. Logan they don't do it do they? They don't clean
it out very much do they? Logan. Okay that might cut out. Thank you so much Logan. Thank you.
Logan. Logan. Do it. Just do it. It'll be weird for a while but they might appreciate. At least
you're given the greatest gift which is a story of why they moved out. Does that help? It does.
Thank you. Thank you so much. Okay you can go ahead and lower the house lights down. Thank you. Thank
you so much. Oh that's brighter. The other way. Grab the knob. Okay. Yeah. So I have this is so
cool. I'm really excited. So tonight's event is a a benefit. This is the sad part of the show is
we're going to tell you don't make any money. And there's. I lost money on this show because I bought
this sweater. There's so many and it seemed like a good idea but then there are so many of you here
that it started to feel a little bit like hubris. The good part of that though is that tonight's
event is a fundraiser for Harmony House which seeks to help non-sheltered people in our community.
Are there any reps from Harmony House here? Any Harmony House folks in the audience?
Hey. Thank you. So I've got some good news for y'all.
Actually Harmony House folks do you want to stand up so everybody can give you another round of
applause because you do amazing work? Okay. So we have friends at a company called Me Undies and I
know that underwear is always a need for y'all. Our good friends at Me Undies have donated 200
pairs of underwear. They have sent to. Well it's in a box at my house but when Sydney comes to work
I'll have her bring it. But so that thank you so much to Me Undies. That's super cool if they
read another round of applause for Me Undies. That's great. So here's the here's the even more
exciting news. The folks here have bought tickets. They've bought posters. They got fired by my
father-in-law. A service I received for free. They donated and not counting what everyone is going
to go out and spend on posters and what have you after this. We are going to be able to donate to
Harmony House 43,355 dollars. So that is cool. And here's the thing that I cannot stress enough.
When we say we, we mean we. Yeah all of us. It is through you all that this is done and this is what
our seventh. Hundreds. Yeah we've done a lot of candlelights in every year whether it's through
the Candlelight Show or NBNBN Angels or whatever. You all have continuously blown us away by your
generosity and your willingness to support our hometown and the people here who need help.
And I don't have words for it. Thank you so much. Give yourselves another big round of applause.
We can lower the lights now. That's great. Harmony House you all do amazing work. Thank you
so much for everything you do. Are we about ready to wrap up? Yes thank you. And we we also want to
say real quick we couldn't do this show without Paul Seborin. Oh yes yeah yeah yeah. You can all
go ahead and take the house lights out. It's extremely distracting. Amanda who helped put
the show together. All the Smurls. Yes. Wait thank you to the Heart Choose Joy players.
They sang for us. The Ushers, the Kalers, Levi Kelly, Michael Meadows, and Joe Eddins helped
make the stage amazing. The all the performers in the Soul Bones Show. Thank you so much to all of
you. Wonderful. Thanks to Dwight Slappy who immediately after his role was complete went
to the bar across the street to watch the Bills game. Dwight still buffering. Still buffering.
Let's hear it for Wonderful. Let's hear for the Keith Albee. The Keith Albee amazing beautiful
venue. The city of Huntington. Another big round of applause because she worked so hard. My mother-in-law
Mary Smurl made this all this happen. She's amazing. Thank you to John Roderick and the
Longwinters for these four theme songs instead of Bartroff the album putting the days to bed and
also I guess Jimmy Buffett because there's been quite a bit. I also want a huge round of applause
for our dad Clint McElroy. Clint McElroy ladies and gentlemen.
All right time to wrap up.
Everybody come on up to the microphones. Please don't be shy. We're all family here. Nobody's
moving. Let's just start playing. Just give me like a one two three four. Nibbling on sponge cake.
Everybody. Watching the sun bake. All of the tour is covered with oil.
Strumming my six string. Now on my front porch swing.
Smell those shrimp they're beginning to boil. Bubble bubble bubble bubble. Everybody.
Whisting away again in Margaritaville. Searching for my lost shaker of salt.
Salt salt salt. Some people claim that there's a woman to blame but I know
it's my own dang fault. Justin take a verse. I don't know the reason
I stayed here all season.
But it's a real beauty. A Mexican beauty. How it got here I haven't a clue.
Wasting away again in Margaritaville.
Searching for my lost shaker of salt.
Some people claim that there's a woman to blame but I know
it's my own dang fault. Third verse I guess.
Threw out my flip-flop. There we go. Stepped on a pop top.
Cut my heel had to cruise on back home.
You know these words. But there's booze in the blender and soon it will render.
That frozen concoction that helps me hang on.
Y'all know the chorus. Sing the chorus.
Wasting away again in Margaritaville. Searching for my lost shaker of salt.
Some people claim that there's a woman to blame but I know
it's my own damn fault. One more chorus I think. Yeah one more everybody let me hear you.
Wasting away again in Margaritaville. Griffin drop out the guitar let's just hear it.
Searching for my lost shaker of salt. Salt salt salt.
Some people claim that there's a woman to blame but I know it's my own damn fault.
Everybody thank you so much for coming to Canada. I swear to 19. Drive home safely.
Thank you. Thank you. And kiss your dad's square on the lips. Say bye-bye. Bye-bye. Say bye-bye.
you
