The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, 30 under 30 Griffin McElroy.
Listen, I know it's early. It just turned October. It just, oh, tick tick tick,
just rolled over into October, but I know what next year's theme is going to be.
Oh, Jesus Christ. At what point do we...
I haven't collaborated with like even anybody this year, not even one time a little bit.
You've worked with us on several things.
That doesn't fucking count anymore. We are the same thing at this point.
We haven't reached across the boundaries to other people to create new art in you
with the umlaut over it art, and we haven't collaborated.
Let's stop fucking kidding ourselves.
I collaborated once.
With whom? On what?
My friend Jerry.
On what?
Sandwich.
You made a sandwich with your friend Jerry. I do actually remember that.
Yeah, it was a sandwich.
It was a good one. You shared a little piece of it.
You mailed me a little finger of it, and you mailed Justin a finger of it,
and we had a great meal together over it.
Well, I had a piece of bread with some peanut butter on it,
and Jerry had a piece of bread with some jelly on it,
and we kind of high-fived in midair with a piece of bread.
It was good. It was a friendship sandwich.
And we called it a Travis and Jerry sandwich,
and then you can find it at most grocery stores called Uncrustables.
But here's the thing. In the past, our themes have been something that we are telling
everyone in our audience to do, right?
They are general messages of, like, guidance for the year.
I've got something a little different in mind for 2019.
This is very specific for my brother, my brother, and me,
and it's going to change our show forever.
Are you ready?
I guess so.
Like, I have plans, like, later today,
and so I'm not sure I'm in the, like, right space to get my life changed.
Okay.
Can I-
Are you ready?
Hold on, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Sidebar with juice.
What? Juice?
Yeah. What are we going to do if it's shitty?
The theme?
Yeah, what if we do if it's shitty?
Because you're talking about it like it's so good.
I didn't approve talking about this right now.
Like, this is breaking my heart right now.
I don't know, what am I-
Like, it's so early.
It's so early.
Are you ready?
Okay, 20 equine teen.
This year, we buy a horse.
I love it.
You got to hear the rest of the idea too.
Yes, Ann has a cousin named I love it butt.
We buy the horse, and we set up a 24-7 webcam on the horse
so that people can go and look at the horse whenever they want to.
All right, seven issues.
One.
Wow, seven issues.
Okay, let's go.
Yeah, it took me less than seven seconds to generate them.
So I'm talking about more than one issue per sec.
But if we have a 24-7 webcam up on the horse,
people are going to see how bad we are at taking care of this fucking horse.
Are you kidding me?
We will keep it somewhere where there are people competent to take care of the horse.
That don't matter.
That don't matter.
That don't matter.
People are going to be watching these feeds for little glimpses of our glory
as we walk in and we're like, let's pet the horse.
Let's ride the horse.
Let's love the horse.
Let's nourish the horse with our love.
And then they're not going to see that because I won't and you fucking won't.
And Justin certainly won't.
I might.
I might.
You won't.
You wicked won't.
If it's nearby.
Number two, horses are very, very wildly profoundly expensive.
They say that the day you buy a horse is the happiest day of your life.
And that's it.
That's all they say.
Because it is a happy thing, but it doesn't change the fact that it's profoundly expensive,
Travie.
I don't, I feel like there's a real, I've gotten smarter.
When you're growing up, you think it's funny to joke about everything.
Everything is a joke.
As I've gotten older, I've learned, especially on this show, not everything's funny
because we've joked about things sometimes and they happen.
And sometimes they happen in like, I wanted it to happen.
So it did Matilda way.
And some of them happen in like, we try to make this happen without really thinking about
the repercussions of it way.
And this seems to be one of those situations where I feel like we could, like someone could
just show up with a horse.
That's, that's my worry is that the people will say, well, these guys are never going
to do this on their own.
I'm going to just get them a horse.
Oh, I see.
You said that's your worry, but that was my hoping outcome.
I was hoping that someone would buy a horse.
Yeah.
I want to buy the horse because I want to own it.
I don't want a charity horse because a charity horse says, I don't, I can't have this.
I gotta tell you, Trav, just to get a taste of this, I did just go on Craigslist to search
for horses in your area or in my area or what's up in my area.
There are some busted ass steeds up on this service, Trav.
And I know every horse is a treasure from God's blessings, but oh my God, there are
some steeds on here, Trav, that we would not want to be sort of seen with, let alone the
legal owners of.
There are some busted-
That's what people said about Seabiscuit, Griffin.
No, Trav.
Yeah, Seabiscuit is a tall glass of water compared to some of these busted, gelding,
gentle for the family steeds.
That's what this one says.
Appaloosa gelding gentle for the family.
Not my fucking family, it looks awful.
Oh my God.
How pretty does your horse need to be then, Griffin?
Better than this.
At least better than this.
This is a good sort of metric.
Here is how incapable we are to own a horse.
And I'm gonna just, this is a quiz that I don't know the answer to, but I'm gonna hit
you, Travis.
This is a quarter horse.
It's a listing in my region of Huntington West, Virginia.
This is a nice two-year-old grade quarter horse, standing 13.3 HH.
What's that mean?
Hands high.
Hands high.
Okay, fair.
I think it's horse height.
HH stands for horse height, and it's a special, it's like stone, you know how they say stone
across the pond?
A horse height is just like a new unit for horses' heights.
This is easy go, okay.
Simple to catch, in your pocket kind of horse.
Easy going, stands tied.
Trav, easy going, stands tied.
You can tie it up, it'll just hang out.
Picks up all four hooves and has a nice solid WTC.
Walk, trot, canter.
Oh, that's good.
Okay, I'll give that to you.
Been ponied on several different occasions.
I think it means it got drunk on pony wine.
No silly business to him.
Has never offered to buck, bite, kick, or rear.
Do they offer?
Hi, I don't mind if you'd like to buck or bite or kick or rear.
Can be stalled or turned out on pasture.
Does great either way.
Ready to be started your way.
I love it, right?
I can see this guy going any direction.
He's a nice horse to work with and a pleasure to be around.
Asking 700 OBO.
Or best offer.
$700 is not very much for a horse.
Here's what I want to say though.
On Craigslist, the listing does say $1.
So maybe you're lying.
Maybe you're a liar and I can't really trust anything
you say about your horse.
Now, I found a mini horse slash pony nearby Cincinnati.
A real little Sebastian type.
And it says here, no kick or bite.
So that's $200 over offer.
I do want it to offer it.
Because sometimes I do.
The only time I've ever ridden a horse
is on our old youth minister's farm.
And I was going bareback, no saddle on that bad boy.
And it looked back at me and it said,
hey, I'd like to buck you off and hurt your wiener very badly.
And I said, I would not like that.
Oh, you're doing it.
You did it.
It's done.
It's been done.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Let's learn about Jesus now.
The horse said this?
No.
So yeah, Trav, this is-
I'm going to work on it.
I'm going to work on it.
Yeah, it's a non-starter.
I'm going to work on it.
I'm going to manifest it with my energy
and I'm going to make it happen.
Juice, how about that first question?
Yeah, so this is an advice show.
My advice to you is probably don't buy a horse.
Unless you know what you're doing and you don't.
You don't.
You can learn on the spot.
You don't start driving after you learn to drive.
You can't buy a My First Horse at Burner Horse
and then learn how to not let them die.
What if I got a super old horse?
Nah, it's got you there.
They're harder and they're more racist.
So that's not even the kind of horse vibe
you want around your home.
You want a young, open-minded horse that will offer to bite
but not so much that it gets weird.
Yeah, it'll make it seem like it wants to know
if you want it to bite you
rather than making it clear that it wants to bite you.
I would hate to bite you.
My boyfriend recently revealed to me
that he's allergic to beans and has never eaten them.
I don't know what accent that was that you said
the word beans with.
That's why I always say beans.
I always say beans.
My boyfriend recently revealed to me
he's allergic to beans and has never eaten them.
While researching bean free chili recipes,
he quietly but seriously asked me,
what do beans taste like?
Brothers, I've tried but I don't have the words
that I hope and somewhat fear you do.
How can I describe what a bean tastes like
to someone who's never had them?
And that's from Beanful Thinker in Oregon.
I can tell you mouthfeel.
What's a mouthfeel of a bean?
Mouthfeel of a bean is a little bit like mushed up,
like sand, a little dirt in there.
Gritty.
Oh, beans.
Oh, the beans are gritty.
Yeah, I think the best way I could describe
the mouthfeel of a bean is simply to say
never as creamy as you want.
You expect it to be a certain amount of creaminess
but it's not gonna get you there.
And I always want a little pop to my bean
but it more just like.
It gives up, it gives up, it goes to me.
You know how they say small potatoes?
I think a bean is kind of like a small soft potato
in terms of like.
A small soft potato I think is very good.
Yeah, now we are kind of limiting this
because I think we're thinking of your standard
black bean, red bean, kidney bean kind of deal.
But this could also be like green beans.
You're right, Trav.
Let's codify this.
All beans taste the same, save for green beans
which are beans that you eat inside their house
and lima beans which I have been trying to get
the Food and Drug Administration to classify
as poison for my entire life.
Yes.
They are yucky.
I would happily put the Mr. Yuck sticker
on all these lima beans.
They are the fucking worst.
You know, lima beans technically are poison
if you consume enough of them that contain a chemical
that causes your body to create cyanide.
Oh, yeah.
It's like apple seeds.
It's because they're so fucking gross
that your body's like I would actually rather be dead
than continue to eat these yucky, yucky lima beans.
I do not care how much butter you put on them, Derek.
They're still lima beans and they're gross.
I'm gonna go ahead and produce a chemical
to hurt my own body.
Thank you.
Thank you, Derek, for this.
And of course, jelly beans
which tastes like the opposite of beans.
Why haven't they made bean-flavored jelly beans?
Thank you.
I bet you somebody has.
You guys are also very limited in the...
I would suggest to you to get into a bean-based diet
because you would be shocked at how many different
permutations of beans there can be.
Like my famous black bean brownies.
That's gonna give you a whole different appreciation
for beans when you're using beans as the brownie batter.
Another one would be roasting the beans
in very hot temperatures.
Turns into something of a crunchy snack.
Kind of like pop beans.
Kind of like pop beans, bean chips.
Now, Justin, is this good advice for someone
who is definitely allergic?
I sat on my beans and made them bean chips.
I sat on my beans.
I sat on my beans and made them bean chips.
But our question asker...
Okay, very allergic to beans.
I sat on my beans.
But listen, Trav.
I sat on my beans.
He sat right on his beans, dude.
I sat on my beans.
No, I was gonna enjoy these beans
and I sat on them.
This is a good question.
Is your boyfriend allergic through skin contact?
Can your boyfriend touch beans?
Because then maybe if he touches enough beans,
he'll get the feel for the beans
and then he can guess what they taste like from the feel.
Yeah, goosh it up in your hand.
Goosh up a bunch of beans in your hand.
Imagine it's your mouth.
Yeah, with your teeth.
But the teeth are your fingers.
You can't be allergic to beans.
What?
I don't think you could be allergic to beans.
You can't be allergic to anything.
I faked a Windex allergy when I worked at Blockbuster
so I wouldn't have to clean.
And I don't think you could be allergic to beans.
Wait, hold on.
So to connect the two things you just said,
based on the fact that you lied about being allergic
to something once,
you think it is impossible to then be allergic to beans?
No, it is, of course, I'm being silly.
It's because they're in the same family as peanuts.
So of course you can be allergic to beans.
But thank you for finally clarifying for us
when you are and aren't being silly on the show.
I'm just having a lot of fun.
If it sounds like I'm having a hoot and a holler,
just the best darn time of my life,
then I'm probably joking around just having some fun
with the listeners.
The listeners and I get it.
It's kind of a private thing.
How about a Yahoo?
Okay.
This one was sent in by so many fucking people, it's wild.
Thank you, everybody.
It's Yahoo Answers user, Parker.
Parker, who asks,
are goldfish the snack cursed?
On the first day of one of my classes,
I was sat in the very front row
and I had a bag of goldfish open for me to snack on.
When reaching for a pencil, I nudged the bag
and it swept the crunchy fish across the table
and some onto the floor.
Three weeks later, I purchased another bag of goldfish
and while struggling to remove my sweater,
I knocked them to the floor
after only a handful have been eaten.
Suggestions?
Huh.
I have spilled two bags of goldfish crackers.
I'm starting to think these things are all cursed.
I'm starting to think that there was a murder.
Somebody fell into the goldfish crunchitizer
at the goldfish factory
and then their angry ghost is going around
and making all the bags fucking fall over.
They are incredibly spillable snack.
I mean, of the snacks, they're incredibly spillable
because goldfish are one of the very few snacks
and really, you won't be able to think of any of them,
I think, that aren't like Pepperidge Farm-based,
but they're a bag with a flat bottom.
Oh, that's just tempting fate if you think about it.
You set that bag up and you're like,
that's fine, it's flat on the bottom,
but you wouldn't do that with fucking any other bag.
You would not set any other bag up and be like,
hey bag, are you cool?
And expect that bag to be cool.
The goldfish lure you into this false sense of security
like, hey, we know there's a thousand of us
and we're in a bag, but it'll be fine.
Just walk away, it's fine.
Sometimes they come in a milk carton too
and that's just trickery.
That's just roguish trickery
because I'm going to see that on the shelf in the pantry
and I'm going to think,
Dylan left the milk out in the pantry again,
why doesn't he get where this actually goes?
And then I'm so busy yelling at Dylan,
I haven't even realized the mistake that I've made,
which is that they're cheesy crackers and not milk.
Do you think it's the ghost of goldfish?
Interesting, every time you crunch one of them,
a little ghost comes out
and either tries to push over its bag,
but there's just one of them.
So really, I think by the laws of physics,
you have to have eaten half the bag
and then you'll have half a bag worth of goldfish ghosts
who are then capable of knocking over their partners
who are still remaining, still living inside the bag.
There was one day many years ago at Pepperidge Farm
where a well-meaning chef said,
hi, everyone, I've made new cheese crackers
and I'd like everyone to enjoy them.
They're small and I think you're really gonna like them.
And the guy everybody at the office hates,
whose name is Billup.
Billup tries one and he's like,
mm, close, but I think I'd like them more
if they're shaped like an animal.
They're like, huh, what kind?
What kind?
A pet, like a pet that people have, that everybody has.
I wish they were shaped like pets that we have,
the goldfish pets.
Well, why do you wanna eat?
I just don't know.
I just think I'd like it better
if they're shaped like one of my pets
and I could eat a bunch of them
in front of my goldfish that I have,
my real animal goldfish.
Why?
We put them in a tiny prison, give them dirt,
and also watch me eat crackers of you
for your entire life.
I watched a David Blaine magic trick
where he did eat three goldfish
and then he did throw them all up
and everybody at the party,
like Jake Gyllenhaal, freaked the fuck out.
And I saw that and I said, I would like to do that,
but I wanna keep them down.
And I also wanna be made out of cheesy cracker stuff
because that's my shit.
My boyfriend and I recently moved to do a house.
While mowing the lawn,
my boyfriend was apparently enjoying his time in the sun
and decided on a whim to mow the neighbor's front lawn as well.
Well, hmm, we have met our neighbors briefly
and shared neighborly conversation,
but we really don't know each other.
He didn't say anything to them about mowing their lawn
and just thought of it as a nice thing to do.
I'm worried that our neighbors will be confused at best
and worse interpret this as a passive aggressive comment
on their lawn care.
It was, should we knock on the door?
Okay, it doesn't say that.
That's Justin's commentary.
Yeah, should we knock on the door
and explain that we're not weird?
That's from Sybil and Cincy.
Let me explain my comment.
What I'm saying is you looked at their lawn
and said, that's long enough.
Somebody should gut it.
Yeah.
I mean, it's good that your partner Gleeb Glow
from the planet Mars 8.
What is he doing?
What are you doing?
I'd like to mow two lawns.
What are you doing?
The only way I think that you can get away with this
is to have your boyfriend knock on their door
and request $10 for having mowed their lawn
and then they refuse and he goes like,
well, I never or whatever.
And then he walks away
because if someone was just like,
hey, just letting you know I mowed your lawn,
I would assume some kind of intent
that was about judging me or something.
But if they said like, I did it
and now I expect to be paid,
I'd be like, oh, I understand this.
I get what this transaction is.
What would you do if they came home
and you were in the yard, in their yard,
mowing their grass with your machine
at your height of grass that you like it cut
with your dirty machine?
What if they have special seed?
What if they have special grass?
Hey, here's one.
What if they like to cut their grass?
That's it.
What if one of them is Gleeb Glow from Mars 8 also
and they want to mow at least one lawn this month?
They love mowing their lawn
and you stole that from them.
What if it's the last good mow of the year?
And you've been saving up that last glass of lemonade?
You're good mowing shorts.
What if, what if they can't mow the lawn
because their children got shrunk down?
Oh no!
You asshole!
You asshole killed their freaking little kids.
You mowed their little kids.
You mowed all their little, little kids,
their little, little teenage kids
that shrunk down accidentally.
What did you think it was?
A gnoll?
Some sort of chipmunk?
No, that was their children.
How small are the children that they're about chipmunk size
when you're like, nah, this is fine.
The grass is so tall.
They have no chance.
Oh no, I ran over their Legos.
I ran over their oatmeal cream pie.
Hey squad, you know that scene
in Honey I Shrunk the Kids
where they're with the aunt
and they're surviving out in the backyard
and they come across an oatmeal cream pie
and all start having a big snack of it?
Yeah.
Why the fuck was there a whole oatmeal cream pie?
Whole oatmeal cream pie just sitting out in their backyard?
Who is walking around in their backyard
trying to go from point A to point B
with their snack on oatmeal cream pie,
which was normal size to them, a big teenager,
and then they dropped it and they were like,
nah, that's just gonna stay right there on the ground.
It's such a good question.
They're so good.
What kind of dirtbag is like,
that's fucking fine, I love ants and I hate snacks.
Just leave it.
What am I gonna do, pick it up?
Come on.
Come on, with these ants?
With these beautiful manicures?
No way, leave it.
I'm on my way inside.
I'm Matt Brewer and I'm a dirtbag
and I'm gonna leave that exactly where I dropped it.
Who's playing with Legos outside?
You know, at least one of those kids
had to keep using the laser machine
to shrink themselves down and eat big oatmeal cream.
That's the fucking best.
I don't wanna get squashed or mowed down
and I obviously gotta go to school
and I can't be one inch high while I'm doing that shit.
But guys, I gotta tell you,
I do miss the big oatmeal cream pie days.
Do you remember the big oatmeal cream pie times?
We almost got killed by a scorpion or whatever,
but the big oatmeal cream pie
was the best moment of my life, I think.
I did very much enjoy the huge oatmeal cream pie.
It's just, I don't, I don't, okay.
The number one thing that is wild
about the oatmeal cream pie is,
I dropped an oatmeal cream pie outside,
I'm just gonna leave it all well, then it's the breaks.
That's wild.
The other thing that's wild is
that's the first ant that found it.
The ant they befriend is the first ant
to find this fucking thing.
Are you kidding me?
If I leave one chunk of apple,
which is gross compared to an oatmeal cream pie.
It's, oh God, disgusting comparison.
Covered, covered in ants.
Five seconds later, covered in ants.
You tell me this thing isn't getting wrecked by ants?
No way.
I'm leaving this as a plot hole on the IMDB page.
Let's fucking trash this flick.
Yeah.
Hey, how come in honey we shrunk ourselves
where the parents got themselves shrunk down
and the parents find them,
the kids aren't like, I'm gonna grow you back,
but hold up, y'all have got to eat
one of these oatmeal cream pies
and go down the kitchen and give their little parents
a big oatmeal cream pies.
Like, that seems fucked up.
How come by the third movie,
the Zelenskys aren't like fucking super rich?
Cause like Wayne could just like
make an oatmeal cream pie really big
and be like, hey, everybody in town,
you can stay normal size, but come fucking feast
on this oatmeal cream pie.
I've fixed starvation forever.
Yeah.
Anyway, I'd love to eat that oatmeal cream pie.
I want a fucking oatmeal cream pie.
God, fuck that makes me so angry.
I'll never get to have that.
Pay any cards.
I'm gonna make a company called Big Debbie
and it only makes big snacks.
For big boys.
For big boys, for big boys.
Hi, I'm Big Debbie and I'm ready to blast
your big ass hunger.
Oatmeal cream pies the size of a whole fucking pie.
Let's do this.
Open up, motherfucker.
These are my jacked zebra cakes full of protein
for big boys.
And the fucking, the mascot's just a ripped
fucking zebra, just jacked muscles.
Come on, big boys.
Are you gonna eat this star crunch asshole
or you want to drink some unsweetened tea?
It's October, motherfuckers.
Have one of our weird pumpkin shaped things.
This time it's a whole fucking pumpkin
full of protein powder.
Come on, coward.
I'm here to fuck you up.
Did I make it protein?
They've all got fucking protein now.
Hell yeah.
Get swole.
Get swole with me, Big Debbie.
But please continue to patronize my granddaughter,
Little Debbie.
I care about her and I'm so proud of her small business.
Can you imagine being at a business meeting
with Little Debbie?
That'd be wild.
So cute.
I think it'd go a little something like this.
You think if you have a business meeting
at Little Debbie Co.
I love Little Debbie.
I know the family of Little Debbie
is a listener to the show and thank you so much.
I appreciate you.
Because they've sent us some Little Debbie's before.
If you have, they sent me some Little Debbie's for everyone.
If you have a business meeting at Little Debbie,
do you have to serve Little Debbie's
at the business meeting?
Because one, yes.
I will take a meeting at Little Debbie
if those are the conditions of the gathering.
Second, there's some times where maybe it's not appropriate.
Maybe it's not appropriate to have a big plate
full of zebra bars or star crunches
or Christmas tree cakes.
Although those are my fucking shit though.
Oh really?
I love the Swiss cake rolls.
I like the shortcake rolls.
I like my food in a roll form.
This is a fun universe that Justin's invented though
where at the McDonald's corporate headquarters
they're talking about how they've seen just more
and more of their profits be wicked away by Chipotle
and this could be the end of Ronald this year.
And then they come in and they do have a bunch
of their nasty burgers and chicken nuggets
and when they say, I'm worth 30 million dollars
but I guess we do have to eat our dirty chicken balls.
If you have a picnic, you can't just get subs.
That's what I'm saying.
If you have a McDonald's corporate picnic,
you can't just like, you know what I love this time?
Pizza.
No, absolutely not.
Well, this is McDonald's pizza.
Don't tease me with the McPizza, please.
Can we please go to the money zone?
I'm there already.
Look around you.
I have changed the walls in every direction
that you're not looking until finally you spin wildly
and notice that you've been in the money zone for hours.
Our first sponsor this week is Stamps.com.
You can get everything you want on demand.
Podcasts, Little Debbie's, that's if you work there, of course.
I don't think you can get Little Debbie's on demand
if you work at Little Debbie, Justin.
Stop punching me, motherfucker!
Not any Little Debbie.
It comes through pneumatic tubes.
You pull a lever and one blasts out of a pneumatic tube
into your mouth and you take whatever you get
and you love it because they're all great.
Except peanut butter bars, I'm not crazy about that.
Whoa!
You can get postage on demand
and then mail the Little Debbie home to your family,
but that is a violation of company policy
and you will be terminated if caught.
With Stamps.com, you can access all the amazing services
of the post office except for looking at wanted posters
because they don't do that anymore.
And I asked.
You could buy and print official US postage for any letter,
any package using your own computer and printer
and the mail carrier picks it up,
which seems like a feature until you realize
they come to your house every day and it would be wild
if they weren't like, I'll take this.
It's nice, it's a nice feature, but just like mail is nice.
Right now, you can use My Brother, all one word,
for this special offer.
It's a code, My Brother, for this special offer.
It includes up to $55 of free postage,
a digital scale and a four week trial, so don't wait.
Go to Stamps.com before you do anything else,
click on the radio microphone at the top of the homepage
and type My Brother.
That's Stamps.com, click the microphone
and then enter My Brother.
Boy, I just don't ever wanna say enter My Brother.
If I could just avoid that exact phrasing,
it would be great, thank you.
Do you think that right now there is like an executive
from Stamps.com calling little Debbie and like,
hey, could you pay for part of this ad that we did?
Cause a lot of it was about you and you could just kick in
like 20, 30%, that would be great.
That'd be awesome.
Hey, I wanna tell you about Quip.
Quip is great, they make really great toothbrushes.
I recently picked one up a couple months ago
and have been brushing with it and it's so nice.
I really like traveling with it.
I think we've talked about this before,
it's got this like case that you can stick onto your mirror
and you can pop it off at any time.
I thought like because you could stick it on and pop it off,
like it wouldn't stick after a while,
but it just keeps sticking and it's amazing.
But then you can take that case
and just like put the toothbrush inside it
and it's an easy travel case, it's awesome.
Their Sonic Vibrations are designed to be gentle enough
for sensitive gums and Quip toothbrushes run
for three months on one charge.
Also, brush heads are automatically delivered
on a dentist recommended schedule every three months
for just five bucks.
So you can get the brush that is backed
by over 20,000 dental professionals.
Quip starts at just $25.
And if you go to getquip.com slash my brother right now,
you can get your first refill pack for free
with a Quip electric toothbrush.
That's your first refill pack free at G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com
slash my brother.
I have a Jumbotron and it's from Anna
and it's for Alex Slater.
Sweetest greetings to my best friend ever.
Our traveling shenanigans have evolved from getting lost
on our way to see Star Trek
to unforgettable cross country road trips.
Here's to a lifetime of great stories
and adventures to come.
I'm so proud of the beautiful scarlet haired warrior woman
you will always be.
Love you.
That's nice.
What's wrong Griffin?
I'm just more of a Star Wars guy, I guess.
I hate, I love Star Wars so much
with all of the cool lightsabers.
And you're really one of the architects of that world.
I'm one of the architects, yeah.
So when they jump you in, George says,
he says, no more Star Trek, okay, boy.
And I said, okay, dad.
Justin, you wanna read the next one?
It would be my great honor.
This is a message for Claire or V and Fiona or Janice or Yannis.
Probably Janice.
It's Janice.
Or Janice.
It's from Emily, your DM and best friend.
Thank you both so much for playing D&D with me,
for partying with me in the center
of one of the most niche Venn diagrams ever
and for the incredible friendship we share
that's helped me through the past few
whack tumultuous years of my life.
2015 may be over, oops.
But I'm so glad that the three of us
are still together enjoying the long, long grift.
I love you.
Now, Justin, I'm-
Okay, I understand.
I understand what happened.
We've done bad before,
but I don't think we've done three and a half years bad before.
I understand what happened now.
Welcome everyone to the live wrestling spectacular in Los Angeles.
So far, the world's most boring wrestling podcast
has been destroying the competition.
Isn't there anyone who can save us from this travesty?
Wait, could it be?
It's Tights and Fights, the perfect wrestling podcast.
Tights and Fights is here to save us
from the monotony of boring wrestling podcasts
with hilarious conversations.
Woke trips through the history of wrestling.
And joke about the finer points of people wearing spandex.
What a match!
And the Tights and Fights podcast will be back every week.
Thursdays on MaximumFun.org or wherever you get podcasts.
Please, these hosts have families.
Hey, how about a Yahoo?
Sure.
This one was sent in by Michelle Smith.
Thank you, Michelle.
It's Yahoo Answers user Andrew.
It's Jermaine to what we were talking about earlier.
Andrew asks, which do you like better horses or camels?
Keep in mind while we talk about this
that horses are completely over
and we need something like a new joke, I guess.
Andrew says, the reason why I like camels more than horses
is because if one treats it right,
one is actually safer around a camel than a horse.
Camels are smarter than horses.
It is better than horses at perceiving threats.
The trade-off is that the camel is more powerful animal
and it's bigger and harder to mount to ride
and likes to mess with and try to eat hair.
And it won't be around you if you mistreat it just one time.
And then the camel will be a dangerous animal to be around.
But compared to being kicked by a horse,
it's not that bad of trade-off.
The camel also has a way more efficient stride.
Okay.
Okay, but also camels are harder to sit on?
That depends because I bet you could find a groove
that perfectly matches your grundle.
Do you know what I mean?
Jellybean?
There's a perfect, there's a perfect,
horses are all cookie cutter
except for some of these fucking awful, awful horses
I found on Craigslist, just these little mutants.
But there's probably, you know, no two camels are the same.
And so there's probably one out there
that like if a tailor perfectly measured my googer,
then it could find a camel that perfectly matched
the dimensions of said googer.
Like how a wand chooses the wizard in Harry Potter.
It's exactly like that.
I want to go to Ollivander's Googer Measuring Camel Provider
outfitter and what's wrong, Juice?
They sell cigarettes to kids and horses are beautiful
and there's not any comparison.
They're lucky they have four legs
because otherwise people would never mention them
in same breath as horses.
Well, I guess we know where Justin stands.
Here's two words for you.
Equine.
Here's another word, dromedary.
The second one sounds like a fart of words
and the equine sounds like a loot player
took a unicorn hair and plucked the finest note.
Possible is what equine sounds like.
And I think, yeah, no thanks.
All right, asked and answered.
Next question.
Got them.
We got them.
I have a quick...
I've been wanting to develop a segment
that's sort of like Munch Squad Jr.
Where I don't necessarily do the song
and interrupt the show,
but I just mentioned some headlines.
Some quick headlines.
And I just wanted to mention this quick headline.
This is, so this is...
Munch Squad Jr.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
So here's, there's a new,
there's a salad chain that's on the cusp of just blowing up.
Can you make a sound effect of you skateboarding up?
Like, I don't know what that sounds like,
but you skateboarding up for Munch Squad Jr.
Okay.
Munch Squad Jr.
Don't skateboard away.
Come back.
Munch Squad Jr.
Oh, no, he left.
Oh, I liked him.
I'm back.
Oh, yeah.
Now you have to do it all in that voice.
Okay.
Now tell me the good, tell me the good news.
I just, it's just one thing I wanted to let you all know.
There's an Oklahoma-based salad chain.
It's blowing up.
They got Robert Lee at the helm, CEO.
Just made a new leadership hire.
It's Todd Madlener.
He's gonna be the veep of operations.
Coming over from Red Robin after 20 years.
And the name of this chain is Cool Greens.
And it's one word and it doesn't sound real,
but it's Cool Greens.
And Todd says,
I am very excited about the opportunity with Cool Greens
and get back into an underserved segment
of fast casual dining.
The salad segment, says Madlener.
There are burger and pizza joints at every corner
while the salad and healthy concepts
are underserved in the US.
I wonder why, Todd.
Cool Greens gives me a chance to get back into the segment
and offer something different to franchisees
looking to diversify their business portfolio
or wanna join the growing, healthy, fast casual segment.
And that restaurant again is called Cool Greens.
Cool, cool, Cool Greens.
I just Cool Greens.
There's no way, bud.
The only way that Greens become cool as a brand
is if you sold salads
that did have tokens for Chuck E Cheese arcade games
scattered like that was the time.
It was croutons and some feta
and a little bit of cranberry
and tokens that you could use to play arcade games
at Davin Buster's.
Here's your salad.
It's got, we've got croutons and we've got raisins
and we've got fresh Prince of Bel-Air trading cards
and they're right in there.
Shredded right up.
We got baby spinach.
We've got little chunks of fresh Granny Smith apple
and little codes for Fortnite skins.
Kids, come on into Cool Greens.
We know where to buy drugs.
Some day, historians will look back on this bit
and note how easily we could summon up things that are cool
and how hard we stumbled and fought
to come up with salad ingredients.
I did hear raisins in there, I think.
Raisins, it's a thing, but it's like not.
You can do raisins, yeah.
If the bit is like salad things,
there is a list of about a hundred different things.
Yeah, sure.
No, don't get me wrong.
No, don't get me wrong.
Raisins is not a salad thing,
but I wouldn't put it in the top 10.
We could have had carrots or cucumbers or tomatoes,
but we went with raisins.
Survey says, oh, didn't make it on the board.
This salad's got scrambled eggs and hot dog slices
and cool pictures of Spider-Man.
How about another question though?
Yeah, I'd love that.
Now I'm looking at all these salads
and getting hungry for salad.
You know how it goes for people like me.
I work at a toy store that sells...
That was a weird way of saying toy store.
I work at a toy store that sells a variety of objects,
including small colorful rocks and gems.
The other day, an older man came up to me
in the store with a panic look in his eyes.
He ran up to me, dropped a giant wad of cash on the table
and said, I have $150, how many rocks can I get?
Due to this totaling out to a substantial amount of rocks,
I had to grab my manager to help with the transaction.
But when I came back, he was gone.
If he comes back, what should I do in this situation?
Why does he need so many rocks?
I'm deeply concerned about the situation, brothers,
and I really need some clarity.
Yeah, that's from ill-fated encounter in Idaho.
And it is for a slingshot fight.
Oh, I was going to say time traveler.
Time traveler does need rocks for the future.
We've run out of rocks.
Mars needs rocks.
Mars needs rocks.
And we did too many slingshot fights.
We ran out, shot them all up, and they got out into space.
And why do you need so many rocks?
$150 worth of rocks is probably a lot of rocks, eh?
A great deal of rocks.
Maybe not like at a toy store.
You could probably get a better sort of rock per dollar
at a Home Depot or like the old quarry.
Fuck that.
At the quarry, you don't even need $150.
Just go and take some rocks, bud.
But those aren't prestige rocks, Griffin.
Those are just dirty rocks.
There has to be something about how prestigious these rocks are.
The only thing I can imagine is this old man was at a party
and said, I bet you all I have $150 worth of rocks.
And they said, no way, Gene.
And then he was like, I'll be right back.
Because he was hoisting his own petard.
You're suggesting he's been maybe turned away
from every other rock store in the county
and found out that they do have rocks at the toy store.
They've blocked him at the quarry.
They've blocked him at the Home Depot.
And this is it for me.
If you can't help me out, nobody can.
The way I understand this question is that the old man
left without buying the rocks.
Is that how you all understand this question
to have happened?
Yes.
That's terrible.
That's a terrible thing.
That's so many rocks.
This person says, how should I handle
this situation in the future?
If this old man comes back, you should throw those rocks at him
and say, hey, jerk wad.
They don't pay me enough to haul these rocks around the store.
I'm not a big buff rock hauling guy.
Well, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.
They might be.
OK.
They might be big and jacked and crazy strong.
Like big Debbie.
Oh, my God.
What if the old man's bet was, I bet that that clerk
can carry $150 worth of rocks and gems.
Ah, that old bar bet.
The oldest one in the book.
I bet that person can carry $150 worth of gems and rocks.
The only thing I can assume is that this person,
this old man, needed these rocks for some nefarious purpose.
Otherwise, when you said I have to go get my manager,
then old man must have thought like, ah, the jig is up
and like run out of the store.
Oh, they probably robbed you.
Oh, yeah, right.
OK, they robbed you.
I need to buy $150 worth of rocks.
Can you run a quick calculation?
Oh, you got to talk to your manager?
Yeah, go ahead and head to the back room.
I'll wait.
Smash, grab, loot, loot, loot, steal, steal, steal, take, take,
take, mine, mine, mine.
Bye bye.
What do you think old man Gene took, Griffin?
Hundreds of dollars?
Why are you suggesting?
Because he's aged?
He stole a bunch of checkers sets, Trav.
No, he took cold hard cash, bud.
I was just going to say maybe he took some rocks.
I didn't realize what you were talking about.
He did steal some rocks on the side.
He said, now that I've said that, I know it was a ruse,
but I would actually like some cool rocks.
I do like rocks.
I do like rocks.
My nephew loves rocks.
My nephew loves these things.
So this is going to be a gift for him.
The $1,200 is a gift for me for the drug party
I'm having tonight.
Giant fish tank, maybe.
Maybe he was like, I got to buy a giant fish tank.
And it was, and then like halfway through he's like,
I'll never, I travel too much.
Who's going to feed these fish?
Anyway, I'll just leave these rocks here.
I have other things to do.
I don't know why he'd be panicked though.
If he needed to fill up a giant fish tank.
Unless the fish were.
He had a date coming over.
And the guy that was coming over loved fish.
He was like, oh, my tank, it's a big one.
Let me just put it.
I don't want to get into cubic footage,
but it's a big tank, so.
Or maybe the fish were already in the tank
and before he could put the water in there,
obviously you got to put the rocks in.
So time is of the essence.
And then it took so long, he's like,
well, they're probably dead.
They're dead now.
They're dead now.
I'm going to go home and start again.
There's no way I'll impress that date now.
Unless he likes dead fish.
Unless he likes dead beta fish.
Does he just like the idea of fish?
Does he have to see them swimming around?
We'll see.
Uh, help me brothers.
I really have to have a Tuesday.
What?
Like a number two.
It has to poop.
Oh, I don't know.
You got any other ones?
No, come on, let's do it.
This is like Pee Wee Herman not wanting
to get the snakes out of the pet shop.
Come on, bud.
All right, let's get the snakes out of the pet shop.
But everyone in the office has already
seen me walk across the room,
go into the bathroom,
see the one stall is occupied,
and just walk back to my desk twice.
The walls are closing in on me.
Do I risk my third hurried walk to the lavatory
through the thicket of judgmental glances
from my co-workers?
What's the play?
Gmail.
What?
Okay, what's your other option
other than risking the hurried walk to the lavatory?
Yeah, do you want us to look you in the email
and say poop your pants?
Because we're not going to do it.
It's not going to happen.
Not here, friendo.
I mean, you fucked up by not having a dead drop location.
I always have a fucking dead drop location.
I always do.
Are you kidding me?
I was in the H-E-B and I had to use the restroom
quite badly and I went in the restroom
and somebody was in there.
I waited two minutes.
They were still in there.
And so I knew to just walk outside,
go to the Thai restaurant next door
and blast off in there
and then come back to H-E-B,
get my shopping done.
You got to have a dead drop everywhere.
Are you fucking new?
You got to have a dead drop.
It also helps if you tie some kind of bell
or something to the bathroom door.
So that way you can hear someone come in and out
and then you can wait the appropriate 45 seconds to a minute,
walk over casually like,
might as well check,
see if anyone's in here.
Oh, empty.
I could go.
I can make a real cash kind of thing.
I've had to do this with Rachel,
sometimes I'm with one of you two.
If we've stayed together in a hotel or on tour,
this idea of you're in the bathroom,
maybe taking a shower,
maybe using the bathroom
and I really have to do it.
And then I call out,
I plead to you,
hey, I really, really,
I'm so sorry.
I know that I don't want to be pushy,
but I really need to get up in.
I've never, I don't think done that with a stranger,
but I'm wondering if maybe that's like,
it's a common enough human experience
that if a stranger did it to me,
I would blast off as fast as I could.
Could you just wander in and out
just saying stuff like,
just like,
where are my damn glasses?
Gosh darn it,
I really want to find my glasses.
Man alive.
I can't believe it.
Darn the luck.
And you just keep going in and out like,
and it's like the door's closed.
You can't go in where you think you left the glass.
I am almost positive I left my darn glasses
right in the dank mode.
And I just need to get in there and look around.
I bet they're in there.
And that's why you keep ducking in and out
because you've been looking for your darn glasses.
Oh, and now we have them in your pocket.
So when you finally use the bathroom,
you come out like, found them.
Found them.
But you're going to be walking different.
Everybody's going to know.
That's why I think you should just be like,
I got to blast off my ass
and somebody has been in there the whole time, gang.
And they'll look at you and be like,
I know that feel, partner.
It is pretty universal.
If somebody said like,
hey, the reason I keep checking the bathroom
is because I need to use it
and there's someone in there.
I'd be like, yeah.
Yeah, partner, I know that feel.
We've literally all been there.
Yeah, why are you announcing it?
Like, why are you?
Yeah, that's fine.
We're all just people.
We get it.
We get it.
My face win.
I also have to blast off my ass,
but someone's in the stall.
Shoot.
Is that what the problem is?
Is that what the problem is?
Because it's like,
I was thinking about this on an airplane.
They tell you not to pile up,
not to like line up near the door,
but you can't call dibsies.
And if you stood up and said like,
I need to do this,
someone else in the plane might also say like,
yeah, me too.
And I guess we're just going to have a foot race.
Aren't we?
Because this is how it's going to shake out.
If you announce that you have to use the bathroom,
aren't you running the risk of somebody else being like,
well, yeah, me too.
Now that you mentioned it.
Yeah.
I'd love one right now.
I'd love one.
When we were on the plane this weekend,
I was sitting next to Teresa,
and I went to stand up and she said,
oh, they asked people not to congregate around the door.
And I was like, I know,
but I'm standing up to establish like, I'm next.
Yeah.
You can't put your fucking quarter up
on the airplane bathroom door.
This is a gross way to end the show, maybe.
No, I think it's a powerful way.
No, can we talk about like a smart thing
for like two seconds?
Science.
Munchquad Junior.
Oh, there's another one.
That's the great thing about Munchquad Junior
is you can fit a bunch of them in a given episode.
I just wanted to mention this is, again, fall is here.
And another sign of the times
that I just wanted to point to real quick
is that Dairy Queen has launched their autumnal menu
and the fall blizzards are here, folks.
New this month, Dairy Queen snickerdoodle
cookie dough blizzard treat,
which has, you know, cookies and cinnamon
and sugar and vanilla sauce.
One that I'm not crazy about that kind of actually,
frankly, it bothers me a little bit
is the hot, the Oreo hot cocoa blizzard treat.
A mix of Oreo cookie pieces and rich cocoa fudge
hand blended with creamy vanilla soft serve
that's finished with a whipped topping.
And I just, it says from the quote from Maria Hockenson,
who's the executive veep of marketing over there,
set over at Berkshire Hathaway,
the holding company that owns Dairy Queen.
Yum, yum, who's hungry?
From putting a unique twist on a treat
that blends hot and cold in our Oreo hot cocoa blizzard treat.
But the thing is you didn't,
you didn't, and the thing is that it says hot in there
and you didn't, and you didn't and you're lying.
And that's just really bothers me
because there's nothing hot about it.
It's just, it's just, you just lied.
And it's really bothers me.
That's just cocoa.
Yeah, it's just cocoa.
There's no intervention there.
They've got, intervention's a great word.
They actually do have little sheets of plastic
separating the hot fudge from the,
it's like little pockets that's protected.
They have these insular sort of pockets of hot fudge
and you do need to watch out
because that plastic, oh boy, it's a toxic one.
My brother's one of the great minds of our time, Dairy Queen,
and he's having a lot of fun, but you can have that idea.
It's better than what you posted up, which was lying.
It's nothing, it's nothing.
You can't call a hot cocoa treat just for like fun,
just to lie because it makes you feel strong.
I don't understand,
because you want to be better than Cold Stone.
I don't fucking get it.
It sucks.
It makes me really angry.
Anyway, Dairy Queen, Berkshire Hathaway,
I still love y'all.
Pumpkin Pie Blizzard, you know I'll be in for one of those.
No question, but that's what's happening
for the Fall Wizards.
Folks, thank you so much for enjoying our program.
We hope you had a great time.
I want to personally-
You sound like a normal human, Johnson.
That's how people hope you do.
I would like to ask you, this is the last episode
I'm going to get a chance to ask you to do this,
but if you could please pre-order the Sawbones book
at bit.ly forward slash the Sawbones book.
I wrote it with my wife and it was really hard
and our publisher got sold to another company
right when the book came out.
So we're kind of doing this on our own,
kind of trying to get people to buy it.
So if you would buy it, it would just be the tops.
It would just mean the world to me
if you'd go to bit.ly forward slash the Sawbones book
and pre-order that book.
It comes out tomorrow, October 9th,
or go to your bookstore and buy it there.
That's great too if you want to do that,
but I just really appreciate it and thank you so much.
We have shows coming up in Denver and in Austin.
You can get those tickets at mackereyshows.com slash tours.
I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song
instead of partying off the album, putting the days to bed,
which is so good.
And thank you again, John, for playing us in in Seattle.
That was awesome.
And for once, I don't have a million things to plug,
so we're good.
Awesome.
We can thank MaxFun for having us.
Thanks, Maximum Fun, for having us on the network.
Go to MaximumFun.org.
Check out all the great shows there,
like Story Break or Stop Podcasting Yourself
or Switchblade Sisters or whatever on MaximumFun.org.
Our shit's at mackereyshows.com.
Do you want to wrap it up?
Oh wait, we do have one thing.
We've got a new pin.
The pin of the month is the Great Job pin.
Oh yeah, it's so good.
Available at mackeroymurch.com
and the mackerel part of those proceeds
are going to help rebuild Puerto Rico.
So you can go to mackeroymurch.com
and check out that Great Job pin.
You only have until the end of the month to do it,
so don't sleep.
Here's the final Yahoo.
It was sent in by a few folks.
Thank you, everyone.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Alexandra who asks,
what's a better name for a moth, Timothy or Peter?
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
You're my brother, my brother and me.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Are you tired of trying to keep up with the news cycle?
Is bad stuff happening too fast for you to process?
Don't you wish there was an easy way to find out
about only the most important info you need?
Hi, we're Lisa and Emily.
Why don't you try our podcast, Baby Geniuses?
On each episode of our podcast,
we discuss a weird Wikipedia page such as
Flatulence Humor, Clamato, Catalan Witches,
Clippy, the Microsoft Office Helper,
Death during Consensual Sex,
and The Talking Mongoose.
We ask each other stupid questions.
Uh, if you got a packet with like 300 seeds in it,
what kind of plant would you choose the seeds to be?
That felt like you were assigned to ask me a question
and there were certain words you weren't allowed to use.
We talk about Martha Stewart, her pony,
and other celebrity horse news.
Ben Chunch.
Every other week on Maximum Fun, Baby Geniuses.
