The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother me and advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your middle is brother Travis
Who gives it? What's the fucking point? Wow gives a shit, okay?
Griffin it macro
What he Griffin is referring to and this is why we sort of gathered everybody here. Yeah, we have decided
After talking with our various legal experts
We have decided
And this wasn't easy. This wasn't easy
but we have decided to
accept the results of
The I heart radio podcast awards. Yeah, no recount in naming
smartless
as the best comedy podcast over my brother my brother me and
The winner's the best ad read over my brother my brother
That's one that hurts that one Travis his dog is barking in the background. No, but Travis listen to you Travis
Listen to me. I don't give a shit anymore
Oh, man, it was supposed to be building to this. Yeah, it was like literally like 12 years of work
Yeah, let's let the gum snap in the mouth
Let the let the farts just come on out on the on the Vox
Let the farts come out the Vox let the gum smack in the mouth and let the dogs bark where I mean, I told
This is that I with this was all
What it was building towards this is the arc we were on right if we had to think about this
This is wild to think about but and it's always what it could have shown up
If we had won the podcast award for best ad read, uh-huh. Yeah, we would have been one Emmy a
Grammy an Oscar and Tony away from EGOT. That's right. That's that's what I'm saying
That P is silent in that for podcast award. That's silent. Yeah. Well, no, it would be the I I heart radio
I
Go and then the EGOT which I'm pretty sure I could figure out an anagram
If you if you haven't checked out
Smartless don't which you should because it's apparently really fucking funny
They put it right there in their Twitter bio seconds later number one button comedy podcast in the world
Which feels oh boy, it's it's Jason Bateman Sean Hayes and Will Arnett
and it's if I could just
Sydney point this out to me yesterday and it's like, you know guys know the wells for boys. Yeah
You know power Emma Stone's like this isn't for you. Yeah, everything else is for you
why can't you guys just be funny and famous and handsome and just like
Leave this to us. This is all we have it kind of feels a little bit and not listen
I'm just saying this listen
I'm just trying to get I'm trying to get it out right so I can get past it
It feels like somebody looked at our show and said like huh three white dudes, huh?
That's a good concept for a podcast. Nobody seems to be doing that kind of thing
You know what?
Let's get like the better funnier handsomer versions of Justin Griffin and Travis and make a podcast with them
So that and they can it's like they kind of and I'm just saying it kind of copied
The whole thing we were doing and we did it first. They retweeted you Travis. Do you want to walk anything back?
Did they they did? Oh, I said well played my friend and then they gave you a little handshake emoji, which is fucking classic
Yeah, will Arnett would have said something kind of gravelly and snarky but it would have been from the heart, you know
I mean, yeah, Jason Bateman
He would have seemed like he's checked out and doesn't care but it's just like then a single tear of respect
Or to roll down his eye and you're like, oh he's in it now
Oh, it really feels like they just put our podcast into the Stefan Urkel machine. Yeah
And that's what and they're they're better show is well, you know, they're they're going to Chicago, you know, they're playing
Chicago theater
Kings theater
Hey, those are our houses those are our houses that we built smell the chairs bud
That's our house next thing, you know
Smell the chairs bud. Are they performing at the fucking Huntington City Hall auditorium? What the fuck God?
Just so you guys know and I hate for this to get so nasty. Yeah, because it's already like so nasty
so nasty, but I
Swear to myself last night when I watched that and sobbed to my wife. I said, that's it. These three guys
Fucking boycott. Yeah, I'm done. Yeah, I'm done and after that
Absolutely, not the only slip ups. I've had since then is I watched murder villain Netflix was born at
Funny, I mean this morning I did catch catch that that first episode of the fourth season of Ozark cuz love
Yeah, other than that other than that though, but that's only cuz I like Ruth lame or it has nothing
Every time Batman came on I closed my eyes
Don't need it. I think the thing that really stung for me that I was watching the podcast was I had my whole family gathered around
I kept the kids up late right because I was like, this is daddy's moment now
I should say my first clue was when they were clearly they had
The winners they seemed to be aware that they're going to win and ready to do a simulcast
Kind of a word speech. We didn't get that particular email
So that was like a clue that maybe but then I saw that they were announcing some like they couldn't make it and I was
Like, oh, maybe we were so busy. We couldn't make it for the ad read award, right?
So I was ready for that right
But then the comedy award went up and we didn't win and my five-year-old BB you guys
I think you know where said I'm just so proud of daddy and I said, thank you, honey
That means a lot and she said no not you
Daddy and she pointed Jason Bateman
Oh
She said that's daddy now. That's right. Yeah, I will can I say though? Absolutely. You are the will Arnett
I'm the Jason baby. Well, yeah
You're the will Griffith the Chinese easy
You guys are welcome. By the way, let's do like a crossover. Let's get all six of us on one show
I don't call it white white white privilege
White guys getting it done for themselves finally white guys
Well, I'm finally a chance for white guys. I'll take one of them. I'll take two of them
I'll take all three. Whatever. I'll fight a fight. I just know just to abolish
Or let us come on your show doing a concession speech
I don't know where it really counts
You can come on here and take a victory lap if you want to you can come do our ad reads and show us how
It's done. Oh, yeah, come show the pros how it's done. You show it. Can you imagine you want an ad read in my house?
Can you imagine how anger advertisers would be if they're like, excuse me? Why did you let will Arnett?
J spate, but it shot his radar read our ads. We paid for you
You're the special boys with the lips of gold and we say what you have gold lips. They do good ads. Thank you
Thank you
So best luck to them
Or you can see where they're
Fucking just go in, you know, it's a guy like go check them out or listen to the show or don't your ad reads aren't good
Enough don't do an ad read for their show bring all the rotten tomatoes. You got there it is
Had it Adam. I didn't even think about the fact that we have dog shit ad reads now sort of there's empirical evidence
No pressure though. No, that's true pressures off. We can really phone it. Yeah
Yeah
Whatever I'm still gonna do it though cuz it's the love of the game for me
That's why I do the ad reads, you know, I don't need I'm not like will Arnett
I don't need awards to feel like a big man
I can just do it for the love of the game and do the ad reads from my heart and
It's me and Jesus out there doing a good job. And that's all I really need is my walk with Christ
Yes, and my heart I'm I'm the Kurt Warner of ad reads. I still haven't seen that movie
Gotta check that out, but I'm the current Warner of ad reads. I'm gonna throw the ball so hard. I get two touchdowns
I guess and our dad was a
Beleaguered and let's face it mistreated employee of iHeartRadio for such a long time
It would have been so nice to rub this right in his face. Oh, it was so good. Oh my god. Hey
Hey, dad, we know that you were treated like literal dog shit by this huge company, but guess who wasn't?
Your dad now
But you know anyway couldn't even give us that I just feel like covets taking so much away from all thank you
After the as hard as cove it is hit us the McElroy's yeah, the least they could do is step aside
We don't have piles of money to sleep on like you guys do
We need that award
They got they've probably been out whining and dying it didn't even slow their fucking stride with all the celebrity ivermectin they've got
They got the fucking deep hollywood reserves
Yeah, yeah, not this cheap shit that you get at Pesmart like we have to do but they're good
Hollywood ivermectin minus ivermectin with a Y which
Man feels, but it tastes good
All right, all right. Okay. Here's here's the talk about having have-nots. Okay, we did
What I current now referred to as a miniseries. Yeah, yeah for the see so network right kill before its time all can agree
These cats do their shows all three of these cats did TV shows did them all we're like, that's good
We've done enough of it and then later, uh-huh
Just said we want to do more of our TV show and they said yeah, that's the way it works
They said we have money left over from the my brother my brother and me TV show that we didn't use here
You can have it. Yeah
Anyway, this is an advice. It's revisionist history to say that our TV show was killed and not that our TV show
Outlasted the company that created the TV. Yeah
It was a minute. No, it was a miniseries. That's this way. Oh, you're right. Yeah miniseries
So we did exactly what we set out to do, which is complete our miniseries
Our miniseries was like a tapeworm that lived inside of see so stomach and then see so died in our table and went
Oh gotta get out of here
What's going on over here?
What's this? What's this over here VRV gonna go check you out. This is an advice show. Okay
This is an advice show advice. Don't don't get into the fucking podcast business. Yeah
Don't buy a dumbass book about how to get into the podcast business cuz it's just hard
It's just heartbreak from start to finish, you know, it'd be really funny. Oh my god, you guys, you know, it'd be so funny
if everybody if
Everybody on earth ordered a copy of everybody has a podcast except you
I'm fucking and fucking sent it fucking to smartless and said like hurt you guys needed this. Oh
My god, that's my actual I actually did have this fantasy, you know
Only murders in the building that show about Steven
Steve Steven Steven Steven Martin Steve Martin short doing a podcast
I I really want to get our book into the second seat. I want someone to just have it on a guy
Oh, that'd be great. That's my dream. Anyway, okay, so this is an advice show sucks. We didn't win that award though
It really sucks man. Really sucks. I had built a show for it just for it
I remember that it was on before Travis texted me about it last night
I mean that was only cuz Joel texted us and said good luck tonight guys, and you said why?
Now hold on. Wait a minute. That is true fucking great by the way
But from I did I did not catch it live
And I heard that they pulled sort of a strange choice for a clip when representing our show
Which I still I I did not see the clip and I'm wondering if this oh, can I play the clip real quick?
That'd be cool. Yeah. Yeah. Hold on. Give me give me a second to find it
How old were you guys before you had the realization that the if anybody doesn't want them to get married speak now
Wasn't actually like a normal part of a wedding
Now here's what I think Travis forward. I'd say yeah this clip
I I think that what's great about that is maybe the judges heard that and thought oh
Is this like an ironic title where it's my brother my brother and me, but it's only one guy like Tame Impala
You know at least get comedy bang bang. Everybody was like
Like everybody got yucks on the mix. Not even I got a yuck on that mix that like that was just an observation
It was a question really I
Will say though real quick
This is the clip that they chose for smartless
Smartless, he's won an Emmy. He's been nominated for three Academy Awards and he doesn't know it
But I watch him every single night on reruns of Cheers. It's Woody Harrelson
That's literally
Okay, so they just aren't really great at making clips. Well knowing that one you get you get everything you need to know
They are they are so fucking famous
All their friends are fucking famous and they can get them to come on show
Like what we got from ours is that Travis makes observations and that's actually that actually does track but we're on it
We're on it, too
Yeah
They should have made that clip a little bit longer where I observed how sometimes words sound like other words
And then you guys would say like, isn't it funny how words sound like other words sometimes, huh?
That would have been a better slice of life really for the show
Yeah
but then you could have like then they could have accidentally pulled a work of fart and then we would have been publicly shamed by
Every I would have been great or anything that had a joke in it. Yeah, like something you would
Justin it is hard to pull
0.5 seconds of our show that is funny in a way that anyone else would hear and be like I get why that's funny
Yeah, but they didn't
Here we got time yes, we're getting into
War with grandpa territory, and I'm I actually feel pretty comfortable in those waters right now
Let's let's take a few passes at do like recording for the the next award
Nominated for like the clip that they can play that represents us
And here's what here's what we have to get across in it and those clips were what 10 seconds max
So like keep an eye on your on your doll and so we can time this out
Well, yeah, but I would say first criteria. We all have to put some sauce on the mix. Okay?
This is our award show clip
Yeah, it should be in the least bit entertaining or stimulating
Okay, or not just Travis talking about how you don't actually interrupt weddings
I'll take first pass and you guys just jump in and get a hand on the ball. Okay? Okay
Well, let's cut let's come into it all talking. Okay, great. Do you know what I mean?
Satisfy that criteria, so we'll go I'll go three two one and then we pick up after one. Okay
three two one
What happens when a cow loses its razor not a joke we don't actually do
It was a moustache and that's our representative of the show
And also it was shitty and that's not what we do. Okay. Okay, I think I want you Travis
I want you to think about what it is. We do here. Is that what you think it is?
Yeah, yeah, go for it
three two one
Oh
Justin forgot we're gonna take that again. Three two one. Welcome
So the marble statue was sad because he was afraid everyone took it for granted T-shirt for you what
Now Justin, I feel like that's not representative. We don't talk about we don't often talk about big bang theory
I'm not gonna say we have it. I know we have have before but like the transcript like if you reached into
600 episodes of our show to pull a core sample the chances that you would pull out any
Any big bang theory in there? It's very slight. Let's okay. I know that I know what we need to do
Okay, okay. We need to do an episode in ten seconds. Oh, oh, that's that could be good. Yeah
No introductions or outro then there's context. Yeah. Okay, so let's workshop it. Let's it take one one quick
We got to do names. Uh-huh. We each have to do a bit sure we have to get out. Okay, that's it. Okay, great
Okay, seconds. Okay. Yeah, this is easy. This is actually easy. Okay here. Yeah. Sure. Okay, ready?
Three two one
Justin Griffin. Yeah, these nuts
But burgers riddle me piss. What can I said the name of a you can't say the name of it?
It's got to be sort of gotta be a funny chance. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay funny show. Let's try again
Jerson grab us. There's nuts what cow?
Moustache is actually Travis. That is your perfect
And maybe I should just laugh that's very good. Yeah, if you can sound like you're having no cheese
Don't you're not some straight man on the thing on them on them on the cut
Give us a count. Don't I know Travis? Can you I feel like maybe
With the way you stretch out moustache you're being a little selfish
We're not working with much time so maybe you could even just shorten it to like to one syllable that okay. Yeah
Yeah, let's try again. Okay, give me a count. Please Justin. Thank you. Three two one
Just Travis. It's me. Moustache.
Oh, you said no Travis did you cut down the syllables? Yeah, Griffin said one syllable so I got it down to moustache
I was trying not to take too much time
It's got to be self-contained
But Griffin said I was taking too much time trying to make it shorter
There's three of us. There's three of us. Okay. Okay. Here's how we make it so we don't elongate the syllable Travis
You just say the word mustache
Okay, but I feel like then that I don't know that that's representative of my particular style of comedy, but I'll say funny
Oh, yeah, don't know but let people know that was a joke. Oh, yeah. Okay, great. Okay. Here's here's another way
We could do it. I'm gonna set a timer for three seconds on my phone. Well three point three repeating, right?
Well, yeah that you can't get that quite that granular with the Apple
Clock, but I will once I start talking I'll take my three seconds
Okay, and then when you guys hear the beep, that means it's time for the next guy. Okay, so are we gonna go Griffin Travis?
Justin we should establish that beforehand or that's timeline three two one Travis Justin
Moustache Pierce Pierce. I love the great joke Travis Justin
I don't know how to turn it off. That was it and that's great too because we don't have to record another like promo for Max
Fun for a while. Well, you just put that clip up. It's the whole show. That's the whole show. That's what you're gonna get
That's what you get. Okay, like it or not
Well, if you don't like it, don't you don't need to it's not required. This isn't summer reading
Uh, let's actually help isn't it fucked up now. I'm not done yet. Okay, isn't it fucked up that
This was a podcast awards. Uh-huh, and
They're called the I heart radio podcast awards. This is strange. Yes. This would be like if somebody was like I
It's this year on the I love VR
Pornography Tony's it's that's right is the Tony's but the name of the company is a different medium sort of all together
Technically our heart media. Is that what they've changed it to? No, I'm sorry
I heart media celebrates the best in podcasting during the fourth annual I heart radio podcast awards
So it's I heart media produce presents the I heart radio. What's not clear? What's not clear about this guys?
Why don't you get it and they're they're they're their podcast network. There is the I heart podcast now
Yeah, so so there's a lot you can only listen on jukeboxes and it seems cruel to the radio
because it's like video did kill the radio star, but then about
40 years later the podcast star came in with the fucking alley oop over the the rotted out casket of
radio star
And smashed down into it and got like the bones and goo on on their on their new cool podcast
It is a good point Griffin because it's like podcast said well video killed the radio star
But we can't take it on video, but you know
Radio stars is still there. We could yeah, we could act like we got a hand on the ball of killing radio star, huh?
Yeah, right. It seems it seems fucked up to me. At least podcast could try to take on book star. Come on
Okay, that seems like an easy one. They don't even tell you say that kidding me book star isn't strong, but it's wily. Oh
You got fine
Nobody's been able to whip books quite yet. No one's beating books man. They've been around long around
Even then podcast is like I'm gonna get you books and then books said I'm gonna have people record me and you can listen to
Yeah on the thing. Yeah, fuck
Podcast said we're gonna whip your ass books and the book said actually I'm going to whip your ass. I'm podcast now
What I'm podcast now only my podcast is badass stories about wizards and space and sexual
Can't beat that. No one's telling stories on podcast. We should start doing that. Oh my god you guys
Stories on podcast that could be good. Yeah, like use a podcast to like tell a story like you would use a book to do
Yeah, I like this even videos not doing that
What you doing juice, I'm just what just wait the show
Ready to fire it up. Yeah, you ready to go. Where do you think we should start?
I feel self-conscious talking about this because I don't think people I feel like the longer we do inside baseball
It gets to inside baseball and I want I don't want people to think that we actually like we're upset about this
I mean you always want to win
I'm
My both my son's trip Justin have been crying since 10 p.m
last night even the baby one whose brain isn't smart enough to even understand things like
award or podcast or
Like anything, you know what? I mean? I Griffin I'm I can I say I'm actually kind of jealous
That your kids are sad about it because this morning I went to play the you know
Rhythm of the city video that has been my daughter's favorite for three years
And she said no play that great clip on YouTube where they interview Woody Harrelson
And I said we never had Woody on our show and she said no with real daddy with Jason
And it was that was really painful to me I kind of wish my kids were crying
I wish they were sad and said they're laughing their fucking asses off
It's smart loss and what sucks shit guys. Yeah, I would love to have Woody Harrelson on the show
But it's all used up now. Yeah the smartest guys got
Their stuff all over him and I don't even want to play with Woody Harrelson anymore
He's only gone like old cheer stories now that are half remembered and you're like wait
Was that on Cheers or was that on Frasier?
And then you're like, I don't think our audience cares about either of those Woody and he's like
I'm gonna start telling people they have to choose they have to choose. Yeah. Well, you can't be on both
I'm worried about that Justin because like it's like smartless has the cool house with like the pool out back, right?
And we're kind of living, you know, and we're ours is more of a studio apartment right now
We're choosier than they are. Well, I'm just saying that I'm afraid that I'll get Woody. Yes
If you say you have to choose I don't think they're picking us J-Man. I also don't fucking want that
Just scuzzy used up Woody fucking Harrelson. He's gonna show up in our studio and he's gonna be wet and sweaty
And he's gonna be tired and he's not really gonna be in the mood to play around cuz he'll be like, oh, sorry boys
I just played around with the smartless boys and he's gonna be fucking tight
He wants to he'll want to take a nap fucking people. Okay, tell okay who have we a little bit like freaked out now
they've had some fucking you know, like
My buddy Connor made a whole podcast about trying to catch Tom Hanks in his beautiful net
Yeah, and they just had him they they had two weeks where they had Tom Hanks and then Jerry Sun felt like what's happening?
I mean sure listen at this point. We fucked up bad guys. We gotta walk this anybody
Anybody could get that combination anybody could get that common it. Oh, yeah, what's that back to?
I yeah, show me a difficult one. Thank god. They had the Canadian Prime Minister fuck really they got Trudy
Wait, it's one how many of them are Canadian is I'm pretty sure it's what's fucked up is that they don't they're like
KG they're okay. Is that wait, hold on fuck. Okay. Wait, call the I heart media people because I think
Here we got some Canadians on the podcast, right? And that's right. Okay, if I remember the rules correctly
Yeah, that should that's a thing right cuz it's or else they don't casting yourself would have been nominated and still would have beaten us
Well, what's that why I he's not the best
Hey juice. Hey juice and trap. Yeah, do you guys really want to play in?
this space
with Sir Paul McCartney or Tom Hanks for that matter
Or Tom into our little space our little South Park humor space
It's not even like a
Pretend podcast, you know, these celebrities do like I've got eight I do eight episodes a year whether I want to or not
Yeah, you know they're like they're like turning out weekly
Huge gets massive. Why are they doing this to us? I don't get it. What did we do?
Doesn't it? Why I know why I guess when they waited into the water what my took a little
Took a little everybody's least favorite bug. Everybody's least favorite bug cover the stroller in the room
Feels like a step up
Can I ask you a question? I want you to look way way back in your past. Was there a time?
where it's possible you might have offended either Sean or will or Jason or
some combination of those three and they've simmered for years waiting for the opportunity to get back at you and take away from you the
One thing you love ie only this podcast
You think that okay now?
You have concocted a world in which our podcast is cancelled because no
Concocted a world where Justin
Would be capable of doing anything that would even make the slightest
Impact on the line my butterfly wings for a hundred thousand years
It wouldn't flick a single drop of dew on the on the Sean's face, you know
I'm just saying I could see a conversation you have with Jason Bateman
Maybe you don't even remember this because it was so minor for you
But you would say something like Jason it seems like you have everything going for you
And he's like, yeah, I really do and you're like, you know
I don't have a lot going for me, but at least I'm the best comedy podcast of the world
Haha, like a joke and then and then Jason but you just seem like then that's the one thing
I'm gonna take away from Justin that he has dedicated his life to just taking
This one thing that you had that you felt good about away from you. Is that possible? I
Think I know. Oh, what is it? It was in our it was it was early
My bim-bam days like double-digit episode airs and Justin one time said horrible bosses more like horrible movie. Oh, man
Okay. Do you remember when you said?
It's not even like it's not even all your fault because me and Travis busted up so hard we shit it now
I did though after that. I went out to talk about how much I enjoyed Christmas party office Christmas party. It doesn't it's too late
And so that Jason Bateman had that podcast delivered to him on a silver tray by his butler like he does every morning
With every podcast that mentions anything he's in or related to and then he listened to it
He said I'm so excited my three favorite brothers talking about my
magnum opus
Horrible bosses and then he listened to it and he was like, well now I'm gonna take away everything Justin loves. Oh
man, I'm just saying I
Here's all I'm saying. Yeah, as if they would take the time to record a video
Yeah acceptance award for the I heart media podcast presents. I heart podcast
Telegraph award. Yeah
Incorporated if they would take if they would take a second to do that
The least they could fucking do is just send us some audio. That's like we're sorry we podcast
Yeah, you know we're sorry. We'll stop if you want. We're sorry we podcast we realize now
How much this is kind of stepping on your thing, you know when they're new episodes come on guys it Monday. I
Hate Mondays, that's our day
I'm we should start putting it out on Sundays. I don't we really don't care about it
Well, I'm sorry. It's like a it's funny. No. No. Well, yeah, I am worried. We will work ourselves up
I've been looking at their faces for 15 minutes now and I love all three of these performers
I hate their fucking guts
Clockwork orange
This picture of them is them staring directly at me
They've got these grins on their faces like we took that which you most trashed fuck off
Professionally speaking said sorry, but like professionally sweet right the a block of our podcast has become the 32 minutes
Hey, I mean
You're right. Oh
Boy, they guessed it on our show without even yeah, they have to put down their fucking
Caviar snifter. Yeah, you know, they astral projected into our shit fucking woody Harrelson's in the ether like idiots
Even my good stuff
No, but they seem like fun hey, let's and oh, hey guys, we're not walking it back now
No, do you know what time it is?
It's time for us to do our shitty dog shit idiot ad reads that no dumbass has ever listened to him bought any garbage
We fucking said was good. So let's get out there. What is it? What are we doing this time? Who we got this time?
Who's on the docket? Who are we gonna fucking disappoint with our shit?
family our dad
Well, I mean beyond that our family friends and family are already like yeah. Yeah. All right. Let's let's go
Hey, let's go to the money zone
We need a name for it because we're just we definitely on for time for the second-rate monies at a time for the nickel city
nickel city
Let's go to nickel city
Second rate. Yeah
And perfect foods more like imperfect podcast, yeah, I bet they get to cover perfect foods
Yeah
Drink it in
This is what you get when you sign on to an a-list celebrity podcast
Hi, I'm vice president koala Harris. Yes. I too was a guest on smartless
They gave me the platonic ideal of a cucumber when I got here
This is what every cucumber should strive to be
No, but imperfect is this actually it's actually really great you can it's it helps you reduce your food waste
You can save time on grocery shopping
And eat more fresh and delicious food with imperfect foods. Here's how it works
They fill up a shopping cart for you a virtually
speaking and it's full of
Just stuff that's like a little different perfectly good
But maybe it just is like it look a little busted a little bust
maybe it looks like a little busted but not you know, if a
Great universe says if every porch up is perfect who would have hot dogs and they don't I don't know if they have either those
Products, but they do have a lot of great snacks. They have a lot of great produce
they fill up your basket, but you can take stuff out and put stuff in whatever you want and
They'll ship you in a big box now. I know what you're thinking shipping. Oh, that's not great for the psych imperfect delivers
weekly by neighborhood
Which is a unique model that produces 25 to 75 percent fewer emissions than individual trips to the grocery store
Not like perfect good foods now, which like rides single a fucking single clementine to your door on a big hog
I
Hold that I found a lot of stuff three imperfect foods that I couldn't get around here
There's like produce that I can't typically find at grocery stores or just like new
Stuff they have this croissant toast what that my kids are? Yeah
That's it's honestly like one of the best things I've ever eaten right now
I'm perfect foods is offering our listeners 20% off your first four orders when you go to imperfect foods calm and use promo code
My brother again 20% off your first four orders
That's up to an $80 value at imperfect foods calm offer code when you used the promo code my brother
Can I try to tell you about the square space? Let's I think this is gonna be the one where we like
Oh, yeah, I heart radio go like right. Oh, what the fuck were we thinking? Have you ever wanted to make a weeb site fuck?
God damn it. I mean I did I did I did put together that my hero academia fan site
That is just mostly me and a lot of sort of like a patchwork cosplay that is made
So these are just clothes that I already had that I did cut up
But then I am up there saying, you know, like with saying I cut how do you make my stay in each one of them?
I'm sorry guys. I'm so sorry. That's all right trap
I blew it
Squarespace is a place that you go to make a website to showcase your work sell products and services of all kinds and
Promote your physical or online business, you know, and there's more stuff that you can do with Squarespace
We've made many websites with Squarespace and each one of them have received
Many real awards. They got the beautiful customizable templates created by beautiful
Customizable designers and everything is optimized for mobile right out of the box
And they have analytics and what are those numbers you can host essay more. I
I yeah
Need you say more. Yeah, I had I need I literally do you see the highlighted copy? I
Need to say that part of we don't get the we don't get the $100
That we share three ways so
free and secure hosting
What is that?
You've lost the context of what that means
But it's good and you don't ever have to patch or upgrade it go to Squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial
When you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. I
Wrote this song about Squarespace
That was good, I built a website Oh hell on geo cities
Just like every website on geo cities
On a day just like every day
This isn't the ad anymore now, this is just the regular could have used
magazines
Just like every magazine
Think magazines are the main story editor to website. You'll forget it to make
They say website visitors
Have no memory what because their lives are much like mine
Feels like you're just taking an eye to Franco website in it and like there's some very dangerous
Copyright issues happening here. Yeah, it's completely different. It has nothing to do with that. I'll eat let me just pop this
I don't even know the one that you're yeah
I just want to step in here and say both to Squarespace and the people listening to this show and the I heart media
I heart podcast radio podcast awards ceremonies that
Justin was actually saying geo shitties and there's actually a parody
That was after the ad so I'm allowed to talk about whatever I want their use
Did your neighbor back into your car bring that case to judge Judy
Think the mailman might be the real father give that one to judge matters
But does your mom want you to flush her ashes down the toilet at Disney World when she passes away now?
That's my jurisdiction
Welcome to the court of Judge John Hodgman where the people are real disputes are real and the stakes are often
Unusual if I got arrested for dumping your ashes in the Jungle Cruise, it would be an honor
I don't want to be part of somebody getting a super yacht
I don't know at what point you want to go into this but we've had a worm bin before
Available free right now at maximum fun org judge
John Hodgman the court of last resort when your wife won't stop pretending to be a cat and knocking the clean laundry over
Hey kid
Your dad tell you about the time. He broke Stephen Dorf's nose at the kids choice awards
In dead pilot society scripts that were developed by studios and networks
But were never produced are given the table reads they deserve when I was a kid
I had to spend my Christmas break filming a PSA about angel dust. So yeah being a kid sucks sometimes
Presented by Andrew Reich and Ben Blacker dead pilot society twice a month on maximum fun
You know the show you like that hobo with the scarf who lives in a magic dumpster
Doctor who
Oh
Wait, oh, sorry. Hold on real quick guys BB just walked in let me what honey
Yeah, no, I'm still recording the podcast. Yeah. No, I'm still doing it. Even though we lost
Yeah, no, I can't drive you to Jason's house
Probably in California probably
Well, if you love him so much, why don't you call him and come pick you up? Get out of here. Get out of here Travis
That's why she wants Jason
Yeah, you can't talk to your podcast joke
Juice were you gonna do a much glad
Much huh? Wait
Done
What can much what it's a podcast within a podcast
Profiling the latest and greatest in brand eating. I love when the big game is coming around the bend
Is that coming?
The big game is on the way.
And I couldn't be more excited about the big game.
Who are you rooting for, Justin?
Me?
Oh, I'm not allowed to say the names of the team
or the sport.
You could just describe their mascots if you wanted to.
The burly tigers.
Oh, you like the burly tigers, huh?
So here's the thing.
To celebrate this, Subway, you fresh,
is they got some interesting sandwiches
created by NFL stars.
Now with tiger meat.
Yeah, you can eat tiger meat or ramen,
whatever you want to eat.
And whoever gets the most votes gets $50.
So they got three different autograph signature sandwiches
from three of the biggest names in the NFL.
You shouldn't eat sandwiches with ink on them.
Marshawn Lynch, Russell Wilson, and Trevor Lawrence.
Marshawn Lynch, of course, so funny in the second episode
of Murderville, hosted by Will Arnett.
You know the thing about Marshawn Lynch
is one time he was late to a game
because before every game he would eat
basically like an entire family-sized fun bag of Skittles.
And then it made him throw up.
And then he showed up a couple of minutes late in the game
because he was busy throwing up his Skittles.
Our athlete partners are some of our most
passionate Subway fans, says Carrie Walsh.
I don't know how to parse that exactly.
I think what she's saying is football players
fucking love these subs.
So it's a natural fit to create a collection
of their favorite sandwiches.
And Super Bowl Livvy is the ideal location.
I guess Subway's allowed to say Super Bowl Livvy
because they're like an official partner.
Fans visiting the Subway vault at the Super Bowl experience
will have a chance to meet Marshawn Lynch,
Russell Wilson, and Trevor Lawrence.
And instead of sports memorabilia,
the NFL players will sign their respective signature subs.
It's important to note Marshawn Lynch
refers to Skittles as power pellets.
Okay, Russell Wilson, and I'm not gonna tell you
what's on these sandwiches because it is native funny,
but Russell Wilson's is called the Danger Witch.
Fuck yes.
Trevor Lawrence's is called the Sunshine Sub.
Hell yeah.
And Marshawn Lynch, beef mode.
Yes!
It's really good, really fucking good.
So I was extremely excited about those NFL players
getting their due, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Getting their thing.
I'm happy for them, beef mode.
Beef mode is really, really good.
Look me on the mic.
Okay.
Hello.
You rarely just kind of butt in like that, I think.
I'd like to take a turn at the podcast.
Okay.
Can't be any worse than what we do.
It sounds like Justin's death was pain,
oh yeah, by the way, Countdown,
did you hear we lost big time, baby?
What are you talking about?
The podcast awards.
The iHeartMedia, iHeartRadio, iHeartPodcast awards.
Smartless one.
Just for that, I will never appear as a guest on their show.
Oh, that means a lot to us.
Justin, of course, would be thrilled.
But I, Countdown, not interested.
We've never encountered this before,
but does that mean that you have some kind of access
to Justin's thoughts and feelings and stuff
like when you're in-
He leaves notes for me.
Oh, he does?
That's fun.
If he needs heavy lifting around the house,
he leaves a note asking me to do it
because of my incredible strength.
Oh, you're flexing now.
No, this is how I've always spoken.
Okay.
Did you, are you excited for the big game?
Yeah, man.
I hope it, I hope it airs after nightfall.
It probably won't.
Because if it's during the day,
I cannot enjoy it, you see.
Because the sunlight is a poison to me.
Yeah, dude, we know.
You owe our secrets.
The secrets of my people have been revealed to you,
it seems.
Listen, Countdown, we're all in a pretty Tinder place
right now, and we've been trying to bring our A game
at least since the B segment started.
So if you have a donut to tell us about-
I do, I have a donut to tell you about, of course.
You think I'd come here without a donut
to tell you about?
In honor of-
You know you could, right?
We like hanging out with you.
You don't have to.
You don't have to just be the donut vampire.
Yeah.
This is, it's expensive to get me here, though.
Yeah, it does cost Justin a year of his life every time,
so-
Every time.
Every time.
But this one's worth it, you see, think box.
Donuts have launched treats for the big game.
Okay.
Diehard fans and commercial critics are preparing
for the big game.
So you can show some love for the whole squad
with this new lineup of pink box donuts.
Two of them, you see, look like poops.
Yeah.
Okay.
I don't know why, but two of them look like poops
that say rubs and bingles on them.
Wait, intentionally, or?
Okay, I'm gonna need to see this.
I'm going to send, I'm going to use Justin's body
to send you an image of this in case you wish to see.
Yeah, we, you don't have to say-
Ha!
Yes.
Yeah, those are-
So they're poops.
Perhaps the idea is you get the poop,
if you hated the bingles, you get the poop of the bingles
and you say, here, bruv, here, Doug, here, fat Jerry,
here, skinny Steve, eat these delicious bingles donuts.
Yeah.
Because we hate them and they look like a poop.
But that's, but also I don't like,
that's a fun prank where you're like, I hate the bingles,
so I'm giving you this bingles poop donut.
I don't know what I'm,
I don't know what my reaction is supposed to,
like, I don't want to eat a poop donut.
Because it also doesn't look enough like poop
to seem offensive.
Or like a donut, really.
That's also true.
It doesn't look appetizing, though, it's very shy.
I would eat the fuck out of that.
Also, that one that just says,
I'm just here for the commercials, this-
Can you not spoil my whole thing?
Sorry, sorry, you go on, you can do it.
Oh, no, I can see why Smartless hates you so much.
Oh, boy, okay, they didn't hate me specifically.
They said, well, they hate all of you.
Oh, okay, wait, have you been over there?
I lurk outside the window.
You said you wouldn't do that.
Spending my time waiting for the moment
when I am invited in.
Okay, hey, hey, this doesn't have to be on the show,
but between you and me, like, you're a vampire, right?
Is Will Arnett a vampire?
What?
Is Will Arnett a vampire?
He's got, he gives me some of those-
He is a satyr.
A satyr?
A satyr.
See, I would've thought Sean, if any of them was a satyr.
No, Sean's a Kelpie, I think.
Sean is a Kelpie, Bateman is an earth angel.
I mean, you didn't need me, you didn't need to tell me that.
Yeah, you see that hair?
Look at the hair.
Now, I do wanna say, now that I've broached the subject
of the I'm just here for the commercials doughnut.
This is called Half Time Show.
It's the name of this doughnut.
White frosted raised shell topped with red lettering.
I'm just here for the commercials, is what it says.
Now, that's a lot of writing for an employee
of this doughnut place to have to do over and over again.
It is indeed, it is indeed.
And I would love to see how the pinmanship appears
in the real world.
Yes.
There's also Game Ball.
Chocolate frosted raised football shell
filled with Bavarian cream and topped with,
it says here, football decor.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
They forgot the word for laces and they just went.
You know, football decor.
Football stuff.
Pink Box continues to flaunt its incredible
football knowledge with 50 yard line.
A green frosted raised bar topped with non-burials.
I like that one.
And 50 yard line the corner.
Now, this doughnut is precious.
What they've done is they've put hundreds and thousands
on the edges to make it look like a little crowd.
That is cute.
And they're all watching the big game.
I do like that.
That also seems like the one that's easiest to make
for the employee of this doughnut franchise.
Did you not see all those fucking non-burials?
But that's just dip dip.
They're not putting them on there with like tweezers,
like by hand.
Oh, look who's a doughnut professional now.
I mean, yeah.
They also say that guests will have the option
to kick off their day with a special pinky and poo
to rep their favorite team,
featuring a chocolate or vanilla cake
topped with deliciously themed bottle cream.
But then what's the poo?
What's, is there like a,
is there someone at Pink Box having a little bit
of dirty fun?
Someone at Pink Box who is having,
there's not a better way to put it.
Having a little dirty fun with us.
I don't know.
It's a fine question.
Hey, how often do you think Smartless talks about poop
on their show?
Probably never.
I don't know.
I mean, Woody probably did,
like covered them for a year.
But it was probably tasteful.
Oh, it was probably so well done.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
I must go.
You may have him back now.
Thanks.
Okay.
You're used up, little brother.
Okay.
We should probably.
Hey, Juice.
Yeah.
Can you do a quick?
I'm getting used to it, which is actually scarier.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Maybe we should do one.
Why is there a picture of donuts on my?
Oh, that Count Donut was here.
Yeah, he killed you from inside.
Did he take the trash out?
I asked him to.
He did, and he lifted up something really heavy, I think.
Yeah, the heavy trash.
It was heavy trash.
Yeah, he said, I'm getting the heavy trash.
It was the trash can full of all my wood scraps.
Oh, no stakes though, right?
That you use your big boy garbage bags for.
Wouldn't that be embarrassing
if he was carrying a box of wood scraps
and it tipped over and was like, oh, not like this.
Yeah.
That's how we found him.
Hey, listen, it's not every podcast audience
that would hang out with their podcasting friends.
Wait, are we really not gonna do one question?
I mean, this is always the problem I have
with a grandpa episode,
is like a war with grandpa episode, excuse me,
it's like it starts to feel hollow, doesn't it?
I mean, it gets to the end and you're like,
it's sort of like when the worst idea of all time guys
were like 30 episodes in to Sexton City
and they wanted to quit,
but then they realized like you eat 30,
you watch 30 times and it's like nothing.
You know what I mean?
Like you do 50 minutes of non-advice
and then at the end you're like, oh, no, we did a question.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, I guess.
But I mean, I feel like we could do something else.
Okay, well, what are you thinking?
Hey, before we dip, can we do talk to the wizard?
Yeah.
I guess we have to break the news to him, huh?
Yeah, oh, hold on, he knows.
I can tell just by the way he's looking at me.
This one was saying-
It went a little bit of pity, you know, mixed with-
No, it's all disappointment.
He has no skin in the game.
He also provides his wisdom to the smart-less guys,
which I think is fucked up, but-
No, really?
He double dibs?
He, I mean, he does it for everyone.
He's a wizard that lives in the sky.
So this is how to fight like Goku, which is dope,
because if we do end up in a physical match
with some other podcast host,
this would be a good thing for us to be able to-
How to fight like Goku?
Yeah, and Goku is the famous brawler
from the Dragon Ball franchise of anime.
I've been meaning to get into that.
I don't know where to start.
Yeah, baby, now's the perfect time.
Everyone's got Dragon Ball fever.
So be a good puncher and kicker is the first one.
Huge.
This seems weirdly attainable,
because the next thing it says
is practice 100 punches per day.
That doesn't-
Wait, practice how?
A hundred, do a hundred punches?
But what if I'm practicing them wrong?
Well, the practice will make it better.
Do you know what I mean?
I mean, sure, but that assumes
that I know what I'm trying to do.
Be like Goku.
Oh, right there.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
I don't know why you're being really obtuse right now,
because I'm trying to get us to be like Goku strong,
and it seems like you don't want to go beef mode.
Okay, so I need to practice punching like Goku.
Got it, got it, got it.
Well, but don't rush into it.
If you can't do 100 punches yet,
do baby steps and eventually work up
to 100 punches slash kicks.
Does it say for how long a time period
to do these practices, or is it just like every day?
No, so I guess you could life hack it
to just like do 100 punches as fast as you possibly could.
But I'm saying, is it like practice 100 punches every day
for two months, or is it like for the rest of my life?
You're saying you're gonna hit a point where like,
oh, okay, I'm Goku now.
I don't have to maintain this incredible-
I mean, not at the same pace.
Do you think fucking Goku wakes up every morning
and does 100 punches every day?
Yeah, I think he probably does, Trav.
He's good.
You know what?
This bit was a mistake.
You guys don't, let's end the show,
and we'll try this one again, maybe in a year or two.
Do you feel like we're not appreciating Goku?
I feel like if you guys don't know
how much like Goku puts into his fitness
and his craft-
Fit and nuts in his mouth.
Travis, can you fucking stop it for once?
You know what you're doing to him.
Fitness, these nuts in his mouth?
Come on, Trav.
What sucks, Travis, is that nuts is plural.
A lot of it sucks.
A lot of it sucks, but that nuts is plural,
and so you had to say fitness, these nuts in his mouth.
You couldn't say fitness, nut in his mouth,
and put it to one nut,
because we wouldn't see it,
and we wouldn't know which nut you were talking about.
The big one, Griffin.
You had to butcher even your own bad thing
by saying fitness, these nuts in your mouth,
and that sucks, man.
Sucks.
Some of us are trying to redeem ourselves
in the eyes of the iHeart podcast.
iHeart Media Podcast Radio TV Show Awards on YouTube.
They didn't even have the guts
to release the show as a podcast.
Come on, guys.
All right, I'm just gonna go,
I'll just, yeah, just practice it.
No, no, no, tell us how to fight Goku, Griff.
Okay, be sure to use proper form.
It will not tell you what that is.
When your punches get good enough,
add wrist weights or dumbbells,
but be careful they can hurt your joints.
Yeah, Goku would crumble under
the slightest amount of joint pain.
Then you can work out hard
till you do 100 push-ups, sit-ups, squats, pull-ups,
and when you get strong enough,
work on variations like one-arm push-up
or pistol squat, et cetera.
That's where you do a squat,
but you're holding two pistols
like a cool John Wick guy during it.
Oh, yeah.
Then practice handstands
until you're able to walk on your hands
for at least 10 seconds.
Whoa.
That is a wild escalation.
Increase your jumping power.
Whether it be plyometrics or jumping over a chair,
just strengthen that explosive power.
What do you think I've been trying to do?
I mean, yeah.
The problem is that jumping over a chair
is so fucking scary
when you're over the age of 33 years old.
That's true.
Because the stakes are so high.
You know what I do?
So high.
Small chair.
I guess that can be fun, yeah.
Spar with a friend,
but remember to use boxing gloves
and protective equipment.
Go all out, but play it safe.
Sure, I can do both those at the same time.
This is the tricky thing about that though,
and I've been trying to do this for years.
You gotta find a friend
who's at the exact same level of effectiveness as you are.
Because if you get in there and they're like,
well, they're almost Goku and you're barely Goku,
they're gonna just destroy your self-confidence.
But if you get in there and you're almost Goku
and they're barely Goku,
now you're walking around
with an overinflated sense of Goku.
Right.
Yeah, a spoonful of Goku makes.
Learn to block, grapple, dodge, and trap.
Practice drills with friends or homemade dummies.
That's cool.
Because it's like, that step is like,
learn to fight like Goku.
Yeah, and ask your friends
who probably already know how to fight like Goku.
Stretch five to seven days a week for 10 minutes
till you can do the splits.
Jesus.
It seems like a will not actually,
it seems like Goku could not be able to do the splits
and still achieve like 99% of his dreams.
Yeah, and he would probably worry
about hurting his Dragon Balls.
Come on, Travis.
Go ahead and say what bullshit merch we have sale.
We'll say big ups to Montaigne.
Big major ups to Montaigne.
And maximum fun, gotta love it.
Griffin, you have a final Yahoo?
Yeah, here it is.
This Yahoo was sent in by Sean Hayes
and it's asked by Sean Hayes who says,
why's your show stink and suck like shit so fucking bad?
Oh, this is probably really not the energy
to tell people what we're doing.
I'm Griffin Akeroy.
I'm Travis Griffin Akeroy.
We're gonna do a virtual live show.
No, we don't, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
ba-da, ba-da, ba-da.
We don't get to promote our shit.
But it's just that like this is-
We don't deserve it.
This is our first time to announce
that we are doing a virtual live show
on February 26th at 9 p.m. Eastern time.
It's called Fartless.
It's called Fartless.
Well, no, cause that implies that we don't have farts.
It's called Fartmore.
Fartmore, there it is.
Tickets are $10.
You can get them at bit.ly slash NBNBA and virtual.
So February 26th.
It's gonna be better than this.
I already did the fine.
I already did the fine, y'all.
We got merch too.
We have merch at mcordymerch.com.
I mean, that's it.
We had a good run and-
Oh, wait, sorry.
Hold on, I'm getting a call.
Sean?
Oh, hey buddy.
Haven't talked to him forever.
Nobody saw this, can we?
Oh, what?
You're sorry?
You're sorry about everything?
You don't like us taking, you taking all of our shine away?
You're gonna give us the award and a thousand dollars each?
I think this is another one of our-
You're crying.
That could really get me out.
That could really get me out of some dance.
Wait, fuck, you murdered Jason Bateman?
I shouldn't talk about this on the show?
No, I don't like this energy either.
It wasn't really Sean Hayes, Justin.
It was Will Arnett pretending to be Sean Hayes.
He's a fucking bastard.
And he got me.
He got me.
He's the king.
He built a Sean Hayes out of Legos
and then he flew the voice.
It was a FaceTime call and I could not tell the difference.
Normally when people say,
where should I start with my brother?
My brother and me, I tell them, just hop on wherever.
But I think from now on that should be hop on wherever,
asterisk, not the one where they complain about smart lists.
It's weird to have a lost episode-
While they thinly veil their desire to be acknowledged
by any of the three hosts as long as they're
in any way, shape, or form.
It's weird to have a lost episode that appears in your feed
and is easily findable by the audience.
This episode will be called smart list.
Like I know it was just called smart list.
So maybe at least maybe some SEO, you know what I mean?
We'll take away one S and just call it smartles.
This show, this episode whipped ass.
I busted my gut the whole fucking time through and so-
Yeah, I was loving it.
Bada bada bada.
Man, I'm glad.
You gotta keep it fresh.
We say that in our podcasting book,
which I don't know why we were even alive to write it.
And you gotta eat fresh, Subway ad read.
We ended the episode a while ago.
I think so.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, this is,
welcome to our my brother, my brother, me post-show fan cast.
My brother, my brother, and you.
Oh, that's good, Trav, actually, that's actually good.
Deuces, that's our new sign off.
Deuces. Deuces.
Deuces. Who cares?
Thief mode, who cares?
My name's Travis McRoy.
I'm not doing, I already said it.
This has been my brother, my brother, me,
kiss your dad, squirt out the lips.
Thief mode.
It's better with you.
My life, oh, it's better, it's better with you.
My life, oh, it's better, it's better with you.
This is true, oh, it's better, it's better with you.
My life, oh, it's better with you.
