Hey everybody, this is my brother, my brother, me, I'm Justin, et cetera, et cetera, we do all that shit later.
But I wanted to step in real quick before you start listening to the show. It was recorded live at Milwaukee's
beautiful Turner Hall. It gets really weird at the end,
so make sure you check out the whole thing. And if this leaves a taste in your mouth
for wanting a good taste that you want to taste more of our live performances.
A taste-tation, if you will.
A taste-tation, and you live in the Pacific Northwest, you can do exactly that. Travis, tell them how.
Well, we've got three shows. One in Seattle. Were you jerking off?
What? Were you jerking off and that's why you didn't respond quickly?
Why is that where you went? I don't know. I thought I heard some jerk noises. Go ahead, Travis. Go ahead and hit me.
Okay, we've got three shows. One in Portland, then Seattle, then Vancouver.
The links you're looking for are bit.ly forward slash MBMBAM Seattle, bit.ly forward slash MBMBAM Portland,
and bit.ly forward slash V-A-N-M-B-M-B-A-M.
It's the end of August is when we're gonna when we're going to visit ourselves upon you. P-N-W.
By the way, the Vancouver show and the
Seattle show are reserved seating, so don't sleep. And Portland's almost sold out, so super don't sleep on that one.
Yeah, don't sleep on any of them. But anyway, here's our Milwaukee episode. I hope you enjoy it.
Thank you, Milwaukee, for the good times, if you know what I mean.
We had sex with Milwaukee.
Here we go. And their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool, baby?
What's up, Milwaukee?
What did you do? What did you do? Let's start this show with a fucking confession. What did you do?
What did you do? I left my computer upstairs. You left your computer upstairs. Why would you need a computer for a comedy podcast?
I don't know. It's all up here.
Okay, what's our first question, Justin?
My brother forgot his laptop.
There are 600 people watching. What do I do?
Oh my god, there's a lot of people out here.
So what's going on, guys?
I really liked when we were doing the soundcheck.
The sound guy was like, it's gonna sound a lot different when this room is full of meat baffling. And I was like, that's great.
Yeah, I just, that's our first joke of the night, and it was stolen.
So let's see, you already stole the Milwaukee. You talked about the Wisconsin Dells.
No, we didn't finish talking about the Wisconsin Dells. Here's a funny story. Have you ever been to it? I was about to call it...
I was like, if you haven't, go right now. Yeah, it's amazing.
It's, I was about to call it the Pigeon Forge of Wisconsin, but... Wow, okay, yeah, a lot of people have made that announcement.
That hit better than I thought it would.
Someone real anti-Pigeon Forge. Yeah.
I know they're not anti-Dells, because how the fuck could you be?
They got Wizard Quest. They have a place called...
Oh, yeah, some Wizard Quest fans in the house. Some Questos in the house. The most direct titling of an adventure ever,
Ghost Boat. Ghost Boat?
Or was it Boat Ghost?
No, it was Ghost Boat, because a Boat Ghost is a dead boat. Yeah, sure. There was a place called
Cinchilladas, not making that up. Not BS, that's true. I can curse on this one, I forgot. Shit, shit, shit.
Yeah, this is, it's funny, because the people who were in the car, Travis and I were up front, navigating and driving, and
the people who were in the car, who were not us, when we got off of this exit, the baby had to
eat. The baby had to nurse. We had to stop. Babies. Babies.
So Sydney says, we, whenever you guys could find a stop, and I looked like a
heroic dad, because we pulled off almost instantly. Because it was seconds after seeing the Wizard Quest billboard.
Well, you were praying, Jesus God, somebody need anything.
So, yeah, we pull in, and everyone in the car who's not us is like, wow, can you believe we just pulled into a
stop? Justin is saying, not even a wizard, just like, so de voce, just like, just keep going.
Just, it's a mile. Wizard Quest is one mile off the road.
And we weren't even gonna stop, we just wanted to pass it.
Yeah, we just wanted to drive past Wizard Quest, and we also did pass by the Paul Munyon lumberjack show.
It was, listen, the whole place looked like a fever dream.
There was a building that had on top of it, an octopus fighting a King Kong.
With no sign as to what the building was, like, you're gonna go, oh, yeah.
It was actually, it was an Applebee's.
It was like a fucked up Lovecraftian Applebee's.
I'm gonna break open this local brew real quick.
The hardest, the hardest thing to process about the Wisconsin Dell is I saw maybe 30 people in about two hours who I
hand on a Bible would swear the thought going through their head was, I'm having a fun day.
While at the gift shop, I bought my wife a magnet, and it said, this is just the Wisconsin Dell episode, huh?
The magnet said,
good girls go to heaven,
bad girls go shopping,
Wisconsin Dells.
I thought this was ironic and funny. I thought bad girls want to buy fudge because that's what they have for sale.
So I bought it, and I brought it to my wife like this,
and I had to return it.
And you'll never imagine,
I wish I could have taken a snapshot as the poor 18 year old shop girl's face at the
Wisconsin Dells gift shop. As I said, as I said the sentence, my wife didn't think this was as funny as I did.
Can I exchange? This joke magnet, apparently I got the joke already. It's all used up.
A new joke, please. Can I exchange this $3.50 magnet for a different $3.50 magnet?
You can't just read them in the store. Like, hey, get out of here. You're using all the jokes up.
After you said my wife didn't think this is funny as I was, did you, did she point up and you noticed that that is
in fact the name of the store?
The only thing that comforted me was I just kept telling myself,
I can't be the first person to say this sentence in this store. Like, yeah, I get it.
I get it. We've all been there. Even though your wife didn't, I get it. Because another themed magnet
they had was a sandal themed, we're in the middle of Wisconsin.
I wish you had just bought all the fucking magnets and then we could have some jokes in this episode of our comedy podcast.
Jesus, please. We're on a goddamn Prairie Home Companion tear, Wisconsin Dells edition.
Take that, Garrison Keillor.
Even Garrison Keillor at this point would be like, fucking wrap it up.
Come on. You are being very long-winded, I said for the first time on the show.
Who has listened to our show before?
We haven't even fucking introduced ourselves.
Thank you. Thank you. Wait, no, wait.
We could be anybody though, because we haven't said our names. The name of the podcast.
This is my brother, my brother, me, an advice show from the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. I'm your baby-est brother, Griffin McElroy, the fucking
conductor of this orchestra, apparently. You remember? Like, people asked us questions and we're like, yeah, dicks.
That's a typical breakdown of our show. There's an A block, a B block, there's a denouement.
We don't talk about Wisconsin Dells for a half-fucking-hour.
Who hasn't listened to our show before? It's alright, just raise your hands.
Nobody's gonna not, nobody's never listened to our show before and also isn't at the Badgers game right now.
Yeah, who here decided to go to the Badgers game instead of the my brother, my brother, me show trick question? Yeah.
Tricks on you, though, because that money still spins. Thanks, suckers. Go ahead, Justin.
So what we do is we take questions from people and we give them advice. We turn them alchemy-like into wisdom.
And we're gonna do that for you right now. I have some questions here. Well, I have some questions on my laptop. That's upstairs.
I can't fucking believe you did that. Let it go. Now I have questions on Travis's phone.
I hope I don't get embarrassing texts
from my wife.
I still don't think, I still don't think that magnet is funny, sincerely, Teresa.
We, okay. Oh, I just got it. I just got it. And there's a picture of her laughing here.
Or screaming. She's one of the two.
Question, question, question. We are at that age where a lot of our friends are having kids.
We ourselves are not planning on having our own children, but we like to make our house welcoming to parents and entertaining to kids.
So we can continue to host parties and keep our relationship with our new parent friends. Any advice for
awesome games and activities to keep around for the kiddos, as well as conveniences that'll make our friends more comfortable.
That's from not the mama in Minneapolis.
Nice. Except tonight when we're in Milwaukee. You here? Hi.
You know, we did a show in Minneapolis last night. Can I just say, you're a saint.
Yeah, that's really cool of you. I don't have a child, but my friends and brother that does, it sucks.
Whoa.
Kind of a cool thing to say. No, no, no. I mean if you're them. I mean if you're them. Not, no, not me.
I love babies. It sucks to have an infant daughter. She's the light of my life.
Real buzzkill. Okay. Yeah, all right. Have you tried showing her the room? She doesn't get it.
She's like this isn't funny. I don't. Hey, uncle Travis, this magnet sucks.
You're an idiot. I hate you. Oh, wait, where did the magnet go? It's gone forever.
What a sweet reality that would be. Every time that magnet left your field of view, it was dead.
You guys have been hanging out with my baby for the past three days.
What, if you were to, when you're gonna go home and prepare an area in your home that's specifically for my child,
what steps will you take? Hall of mirrors. Yeah, that's true. Babies love that shit.
Babies do love them shits.
Yeah.
Especially if they're different sizes and different heights and you can be like, this is you baby. If you were like your normal size,
this is you eight feet tall. They're like, what the fuck?
You gotta get them high first. Yeah, super duper high.
Keep some kind butt around for babies. How about a... I got you some strained weed.
It's from the earth, baby.
Don't be a prude, baby. They eat Cheerios the same way as stone people.
Yeah, my ba...
That's actually true. My baby just started eating these little cheesy poops called little crunchies.
She looks exactly... Holy shit, it's the funniest thing in the universe. She looks exactly like David Hasselhoff in that hamburger video.
Sometimes it'll get stuck to her forehead and like, where'd it go? I don't know, I moved on. Much, much like the Hoff,
she just sort of... Friend of the show. Friend of the show, the Hoff,
she just sort of puts material in her mouth and waits for it to dissolve like a goddamn Venus flytrap.
She's a miracle. She's a miracle and she's your everything.
I would do like you just like a room
that's just like a like a baby pool with like like six inches of just standing water in it.
Because there's just... There's just a constant seepage, just a constant fluid slime.
There's just a fucking constant discharge.
It's just a good old-fashioned baby soaking. Or for humans too, because it's like this is my nice Oxford.
Thank you for the gift. You're Justin's everything and I adore you too, but I need a room that I could just like lay down in
and be clean. That is a good question.
Justin, as a father, have you started to alter your wardrobe away from your nice Oxfords to maybe some shittier shirts?
Yeah, Justin, from your fucking...
I am... From your Nordstrom's finest to...
You go from the Margaritaville collared shirt to just a Tybee Island v-neck.
See, Griffin got mean, so I was gonna say maybe a room of smocks.
We were checking out of our hotel this morning in Minneapolis before the drive.
God, I wish this story took place in the Dells.
And right before we were about to leave, my infant daughter was
naked, because I was changing her, and I stood her up to look at her and just observe her majesty, and she...
A giant pee right on the bed of the hotel.
And at first I was like, eh. And then I was like, that's the most rock and roll thing I've ever seen.
You're like Axl Rose the baby.
It's the only rock and roll thing that has happened to us on this fucking tour so far.
That's true. You and I have had drooling nosebleeds.
Travis and I have had four nosebleeds today between the two of us, and it's our second day of the tour!
The second of three days!
It was so rock and roll that my brain went, wait, two days?
No way. The road's tough, man. We're not made for the road.
How about a Yahoo answer?
Yes.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Dave Page. Thank you, Dave.
This was sent in by Yahoo Answers user Mary. 0% best answers. Better luck next time.
Mary asks, found a Chex in a new candle.
I bought a candle from Goodwill that came from Target. It was brand new.
Never been lit. Not even scratches.
But after two nights of lighting, I saw something in the middle, so I dug it out, and it was a Chex cereal piece.
How did that happen? Was someone eating Chex mix while making candles?
Does anyone know? Should I ask Target?
I'd post a pic of the candle too, but I can only do one photo.
And then fucking sure enough, there's a Chex.
It's got a little bit of burn on it. It's been caramelized a tad.
That's a fucking Chex dug out of candle.
There's so much to unpack here. Two quick things.
One, is the singular Chex? Is it a Chex?
I saw a Chex. I saw a Chex. I saw a Chex.
I think it's a Cheese. I saw a Chex.
The other thing, I don't think Target provides support for candles you bought at Goodwill after someone bought them at Target.
Hold on, hold on. Let's do that call. Justin, call me.
Bring, bring.
Hi. Yes, hello, Target.
Hi, it's me. A real piece of shit.
Uh-huh. Go on.
I was about to post a question that I would answer, but I wanted you guys to get a chance to set this right first.
Yes, of course, of course. How can I help you?
I bought a candle at Goodwill that someone bought at Target first.
Uh-huh. Well, let me say, I was trained exactly for this. Let me do everything I can to help you.
What is the issue you're dealing with?
There's a Chex in it.
Oh, not again.
Again.
I got to talk to Chexy Steve down on the assembly line.
I'm bored.
That wasn't a character. I'm just bored over here.
You didn't give me a bit.
What if you called in and you cost Chexy Steve his job?
Yeah.
Yeah, listen, somebody who's eating Chex on the assembly line as they make Target candles doesn't have a long way to fall.
I have low blood sugar. You know that.
You know that.
I have to eat Chex or I'll die.
Okay, but imagine-
It could have been Karen, Trisket Karen.
Your Chex mixed Steve, and you're fucking grooving over the assembly line, over the cauldron, I guess, and a single piece of Chex.
Let's just say Melba Toast because it's easier to singularize, but a single piece of Melba Toast falls out of your mouth and into the machine.
You're not going to be like, stop, stop the whole-
Stop the process.
Every fucking second that machine is stopped, that company is losing billions of dollars.
Do you guys think that maybe it was just a candle wick and this person's mother has been giving them candle wicks their whole life and calling them Chex?
You want a snack?
Have some Chex.
Chex?
Don't tell him.
Don't tell him.
Please, things are hard enough. Let Charlie Bucket have this one last dream where he's eating Chex.
Cheer up, Charlie. Have some waxy poops.
Well, you read a human being question now.
Here's one from a human about a month ago.
Is this okay?
You're doing great.
All right.
I know how my phone likes it.
About a month ago, we hired a dog walker for the first time.
The day after he-
Is this yours?
This is right up your alley.
You're laughing at your own brand, huh? You're a big fan.
Oh, yeah, this next-
Guys, this next-
Yeah.
Oh, shit.
Shut up.
Shut up.
Listen, you're going to love this shit.
Check it.
Yeah, guys, there's nothing I hate more than people who laugh at themselves.
About a month ago, we hired a dog walker for the first time.
Can I get some more of that booze while I'm reading this? Thanks.
What is this, by the way?
This is repeal reserve rye, extremely limited.
Somebody gave this to us in the crowd.
It's amazing.
It's wonderful.
Thank you, whoever you are.
It's really good.
I feel bad about mixing it with Diet Werners, but them's the breaks in the road.
Diet Werners is the best ginger ale in the universe.
We were also given a bunch of Werners. Is Mr. Werners here tonight?
Mr. Werners? Vernon Werners? Are you here?
About a month ago, we hired – put some Werners in there, too.
You got to cut that bad boy, okay?
About a month ago, we hired a dog walker for the first time.
Have you guys gotten that part? Cool.
The day after he walked our dog, my wife and I found a sweatshirt in the interway that belonged to the walker.
While we intended to email the dog walking company, we had forgotten to do so until recently rediscovering the sweatshirt.
It's been a month, and we don't plan on using the service again.
What do we do, brother? Send off an email a month after the fact? Donate it? Throw it away? Keep it?
As from charity, combust or conversion? You are here, correct?
Hey, how's it going? Are you wearing the sweatshirt now?
That would have been a nice touch. That would have really committed to the bit.
I have two questions. Thank you, Scraps, by the way.
Question one for the drink. You're welcome.
Question one. When you say, we intended to send the email, did you? Did you?
You know how they work, right? Because, hey, he left a sweatshirt.
Ten seconds.
Second question. What did he do that you didn't bring him back?
He walked the dog counterclockwise.
Is this fucking sweatshirt? Were there, like, letters from the war in the pockets?
Wait, why does that change things?
It's a sweatshirt!
If somebody I paid to do a service for me leaves a sweatshirt in my house, it's not mine, but it's not theirs anymore.
Wait, hold on.
What if it's weighted down with emotions? Like, that was the sweatshirt I wore when I saw Death Cab for Cutie.
If the weight is provided... Yes, that was an emotional concert for me.
I lived, I learned, I grew.
Can we break the word down for a second?
Like, if you are wearing something called a sweatshirt and you have any expectation that someone's gonna, like, keep it in a cubby in their home...
Where are my piss pants? Oh, I left them at my job again.
These are my good shit khakis.
A sentence no one should ever say. That's my finest sweatshirt.
I left my jizz bandana at their house. Not again.
Wait, hold on. What circumstance would they have their jizz bandana out of their house?
We hired a dog walker. We will never hire him again.
It's a tough job.
Listen, walking a dog is stressful, and sometimes you gotta rub one out.
While headbanging, I guess.
Dog, I'll take you out in five minutes. Give me a second.
You ever see the back of that Bruce Springsteen album? That's what it was. It was a jizz bandana.
Oh, Jesus.
Recently, a new neighbor moved in across the street from my wife and me.
My wife took her cookies, and I was building a grill.
No, took her cookies. Not took her cookies.
Welcome to the neighborhood, bitch. Why?
My wife took her cookies until she'd eaten enough salad.
By the way, quick update. Justin ate some field greens for dinner. I watched him. I was so fucking proud of him.
He also made up the term field greens.
No, that's a thing.
Field of greens, the movie Field of Greens. Now, hold on.
Before you go any further, I talked about this on Sawbones. Thank you for listening.
Recently, my new neighbor moved in across the street from... I shouldn't say that. He was caring for my infant.
Were we supposed to be doing that?
We're gonna get through this question if it's the last thing we do, everybody.
Do you guys get the part about the new neighbor? Excellent.
I moved in across from my wife, and the wife stole some cookies, and I was building a grill, so I waved from our garage.
Later that week, my wife and I were walking to the bus, and the woman joined us.
She asked my wife if I was her son.
After a few seconds of awkward silence, my wife said, no, this is my husband.
Who should be more offended? Me, who apparently looks like a 12-year-old despite being 31, over six feet tall, and going gray?
Or my wife, who the woman thought must look older than her 30 years.
That's from Mifft and Madison. I have a confession to make.
Yeah! Honestly!
Sorry, we didn't ask... Sorry, that was our fault.
We didn't ask if the person who asked that was in the audience, and so you felt the need to let us know.
Well, what if they don't know it's me? I should say something.
Let me say, that was not a 12-year-old's howl.
When we were going through the questions to talk about during dinner, and I was pretty deeply into my big CD...
Pull back that curtain.
I'm pulling back the curtain.
I heard the line, she asked my wife if I was her son,
and what I interpreted it as was the older woman asking if the question asker was her son,
and I couldn't think for fucking five minutes. I was like, who are these monsters that I call brothers
who are making fun of this clearly Alzheimer's stricken woman?
No, because I want it to be like this. Excuse me.
Is that my son?
I don't mean to make this awkward, but...
I think you got my boy.
I see what happened here. You got my boy.
He got my boy. I want him back.
I need him to do chores and such.
The reason... I was just sitting up here thinking about this.
Sometimes I wish we did music, because I feel like if you're Bon Jovi,
you can look into the crowd and make eye contact with people,
and it's like a real, real moment for them.
For doing a comedy podcast, it's just really distracting,
because they're not going to mouth the words to jokes for you.
Oh, you don't get to do this move?
Yeah, right. What's the next thing I'm going to say?
It's probably dicks or horses or something.
Dick horses. Now you...
I think somebody actually yelled dick horses.
So who should be more offended?
Good work, I guess. Well done.
Here's the thing. The person who is the most awesome in this situation
is the older woman neighbor.
Yeah, she is. Are you kidding me?
I can't imagine a scenario...
I'm a 31-year-old adult person.
I can't imagine being that blunt and honest ever
to go, hey, fucking stop.
Is that your son?
Ever.
I would do this like, how long? What's up?
What is the riskiest, potentially wrongest fucking thing I can say?
Because if it breaks bad, never again.
Never again. You will never steal this woman's cookies ever again.
Maybe that's a countermeasure.
Maybe they were shit cookies.
Listen, I'm not trying to knock. Are you here?
That was a very beaten down yeah.
I'm so sorry if we've been cruel.
When your husband had his interaction with her,
was she like, what are you doing?
And he was like, I'm making a grill.
Like that and wave like a 12-year-old.
I'm working in my garage.
I'm going to cook a steak on it.
I'm going to cook a steak on it later.
I'm making a steak.
I don't know how weathers work.
How do you spell steak?
I'm watching Breaking Bad.
Sorry to interrupt you guys, us.
But I want to take a quick moment to tell you about our sponsors for this episode.
First up is a returning favorite, Warby Parker.
Remember Warby Parker?
For fashion forward prescription glasses that start at just 95 bucks.
That sounds cool and that's a great price, but it gets better.
They have this home try-on program.
I just turned into Greg Brady for a second.
Or Peter Brady. I didn't watch the Brady Bunch.
I don't know. Fuck you.
You can order five pairs of glasses to be shipped directly to your home.
You try them on and then you select the ones you want and send them back free with no obligation to purchase.
I wish you turned into Wayne Brady.
Okay.
You get the five, you like two of them, you send three back.
Done.
You yell at the glasses you don't like and you put them in a box, a dark box.
You tie them to a balloon and they float up in the air and then Warby Parker collects them in the clouds.
That's true because they're angels.
They're cloud-based glasses and you can get them at warbyparker.com slash my brother.
And if you do that, you get free three-day shipping on your final frame choice.
That address again is warbyparker.com slash my brother.
Also sponsoring us this week, Nature Box.
You know them. You love them.
One of our favorites.
I guess if this is your first time hearing, first of all, it's probably weird to listen to a live show first.
But zero artificial flavors, colors or sweeteners.
Zero grams trans fat.
No high fructose corn syrup.
This is like good shit.
Sup?
Sorry what, Travis? Sorry?
No high fructose corn syrup.
This is only the good shit.
If any of the words I'm about to say to you sound amazing, you'll want to get down on this.
Sriracha roasted cashews.
I'm jamming on the Asiago cheese crisps right now.
Oh, god damn.
They're like the greatest savory snack I've ever had.
I'm way into parmesan pot pops.
You two motherfuckers are living under the Tuscan sun.
That's me.
Diane Lane up in this bitch.
These great snacks are available to you at naturebox.com slash my brother.
If you go there, you can get a free sampler box of great tasting healthy snacks.
That address again, naturebox.com slash my brother.
Go get some snacks.
They're great tasting.
They're healthy.
They're delicious.
Go get them.
As long as you're feeling hungry, I got another sponsor here to tell you about.
It's called Blue Apron.
Blue Apron is a service that sends you ingredients and it's like a puzzle.
When you put the ingredients together with the right steps and in the right measurements,
then you have created a delicious food stuff all by yourself.
You get to feel like a big adult and then you get to eat a big yummy meal.
You also figured out who killed JFK.
We're looking at almond crusted cod with blistered sugar snappy salad,
spring ramen ground pork with garlic chives.
God damn.
Yeah.
Spinach casserole, egg noodles, spinach, orange.
Oh my god.
Travis doesn't even know some of these words.
Spinach.
Peery, peery chicken thighs with coconut plantain mash and collard greens.
Blue Apron's great.
The meals are balanced.
They're like five to 700 calories per serving and they're very, they're generously portioned
so that you get a lot of food for your money and your calories.
Speaking of generous, here's two free meals for you.
Go to blueapron.com slash my brother.
We just fed you twice.
We just gave you two free meals from blueapron.com.
Teach a listener to fish.
Yeah.
They'll eat for a day.
Teach a listener to get blue apron.
They'll get two free meals and then pay under less than $10 for the following meals.
Teach a listener to fish and he'll eat for a day and then get bored with fishing and move
on to the next day and be like, wait, oh shit, I should have kept doing that.
I'm so, so hungry.
I'm so hungry.
I got a message for Andre Schenk here from Isaac Beachy.
He says, hey Andre Schenk, it's Isaac.
This is crazy, right?
I can get Griffin to say whatever I want.
No, you can't.
You can't because I'm reading it.
You can't buy me nothing.
I'm drunk on Griffin.
I'm sorry.
I'm drunk on syrup.
I'm drunk on power.
I'm Griffin.
I'm a little baby, a little baby that poops.
This is me.
You can't see me right now, but I'm fucking matrix dodging in front of my microphone like,
no, no, you don't know.
I'm pooping my pants right now.
Poop, poop, poop all over my pants.
I think Rush Limbaugh is the greatest.
I don't believe in global warming yet.
Griffin didn't say that I did.
But it's a shame because I all of that stuff is totally true.
Thank you, Andre.
I guess Isaac didn't have a message for you.
He just wanted to control me like some sort of meat puppet.
Well, fuck that.
I'm my own man.
Let's do another message.
This next one is a simple one, and it's a loving one.
It's from a brother, Dan Fowler, to his sister, Victoria Fowler, and his simple message of
love reads, Victoria smells like farts.
Oh, shit.
And then in what I would say one of the most gracious things anyone has ever said about
us, Dan included in the message, that's it.
Perhaps this is below you, gentlemen.
Nope.
Oh, man.
It's not below us all, but Victoria, are you going to stand for that?
You've got to stand up to him.
Send us $100 to stand up for you.
Let's start a flame war on the Jumbotron.
Again, it is below me, and I didn't say it because I am starting to hold myself to a
certain standard on this show.
Okay.
Here's the last message.
It's for Dan Shriner, and it's from Jobo, who says, hey, Dan Shriner, happy birthday.
This is a loving message from Jobo reaching out to you across space and time courtesy
of a McElroy Brothers vocal cords and mouth movements.
Never forget how awesome you are, and always remember how much your friends and family
care about you.
Nerd.
My son.
And he wanted that message to be sent on April 21st, which is a Tuesday, not typically the
day that we transmit our love broadcasts to the world around us, but there it is, message
deployed.
I did it with – there's been a lot this week of people wanting to control our mouths,
like we're some sort of Jim Henson monstrosity.
Should we get back to the show?
Yes.
Let's do it.
Here's another JaDrew from JaDrew user level 1000 Drew in Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by JaDrewAnswersUserGuitarMan, who asks, I called a man Bumblefoot, and he was angered.
Oh, man, this is going to take a few tries.
Okay.
Start again, because that's the best sentence I've ever –
I'm not even through the fucking headline yet.
I called a man Bumblefoot, and he was angered.
I did it in a friendly way, though.
Was I wrong to do this?
We've all been there.
Hey, Bumblefoot, excuse me.
Sorry?
Bumblefoot, that's our word.
I got to go now.
Good night, everyone.
Travis out.
30 minutes, and Travis has retired from the stage.
There is a man I know named Ron who lives near me.
I was hanging out in the front yard as my brother was cooking burgers on the gweel.
Ron was walking his dog, and as he approached, I said, hello there, Bumblefoot.
I would give anything if that's somebody's stepdad, Ron.
Like, that guy hasn't gone through enough.
Listen, man, I get it enough at home.
Bumblefoot's already written on my dog.
Leave me alone.
He said, Bumblefoot, what does that mean?
I am your elder.
Have some respect.
The funny part is that he is only my elder by about six years, as he is 45 and I am 39.
Whoa!
Okay, quick question.
Hey there, Bumblefoot.
Excuse me?
What's sweeter?
I'm a man.
What's sweeter?
I'm a Bumble man.
I'm not a Bumble boy.
You call me Bumble, sir.
What's better, a 39-year-old person calling another 46-year-old person a Bumblefoot or
a 39-year-old person doing that and saying, I have got to tell Yahoo Answers about this.
You'll never believe what happened to me.
Dear Yahoo Answers, I never believed it would happen to me.
I've called so many people Bumblefoot and nothing has happened.
This is the least sexy penthouse letter I've ever read.
I meant for it to be a friendly nickname.
Ron took it the wrong way.
Was I wrong to do this?
So he's been doing some fucking cool searching.
Did you say, was I Ron to do this?
One of two things has happened.
Okay.
Either he has seen Ron a thousand times and gone, uh, no.
That's not it.
No, I can't.
What is it?
Ramadama ding dong.
Fuck.
Hey.
Oh, no, no.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
Or he's been trying out nicknames at Ron and Ron's just walking.
And maybe when he, when Ron was like nine, he got stung by a bee on the foot and a kid
was like, hey, look at Bumblefoot.
And Ron was like, no, no.
What?
It's like, oh, Bumblefoot.
And it haunted him through college.
And like a girl would be about to go home with Ron and be like, are you going home with
Bumblefoot?
And he's like, what?
No, no.
That's Bumblefoot.
Wait, this guy's Bumblefoot?
No way.
Sex canceled.
Griffin, don't interrupt him.
There has got to be more to this riff.
I have got to get to the end of the vision quest that my brother is taking me on.
I feel like I'm watching a whole John Cusack movie in my head.
You have got to continue.
So then Ron grew up to be Ron.
He changed his last name to Perlman.
He's been living his whole life as a movie star.
He's grown outside the Bumblefoot name.
He's made himself Ron Perlman.
Ron Perlman, the 45 year old man.
Sure.
He hasn't held up well.
I guess.
It's all the goddamn bee stings.
Did you just call me Bumblefoot?
I was in Pacific Rim.
Oh, God.
It got really sad there at the end.
I didn't think you could make me care about Bumblefoot, but you goddamn did.
You're a real weaver of stories, Travis.
I actually have that written in my notebook upstairs.
It's on my computer too.
You're the Dean Koontz of podcast refs.
What do you guys want to do?
Let's do one other question and then throw it to the house.
You want a real human question?
Yeah, let's do a real one.
My friend and I have...
This is good.
My friend and I...
Although it's weird if they're here, but I'm going to go for it anyway.
Oh, shit.
I didn't even think about that.
Sorry, pumpkin.
Do it.
We're already on the bus.
Let's see where it takes us.
My friend and I have recently fallen into a friends with benefits situation.
Right now, someone in this audience is like...
Are you here?
Wait, hold on.
How many people...
Like 18 people.
Wait, I'm in that.
That's right.
That's me.
I forgot I wrote into you guys, apparently.
The problem is we're both new to this and don't know what benefits are and are not included.
No dental.
For...
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Damn.
Raw, straight.
No, just kidding.
Use protection.
This message is brought to you by responsibility.
For instance, is it cool to make out and have sexy time?
But what's not okay?
Please help us clarify our weird, weird friendship.
I think you fucked the reading of that question up eight different ways.
You can't do to each other what Justin just did to that question.
Okay, here's the beautiful thing.
Can I finish?
You can restart and do it better.
Okay.
It's cool to make out and have sexy times, but what's not okay?
Dental.
No, shit.
Stop, stop, stop.
I blew it.
Please help us clarify our weird, weird, weird friendship.
That's from Confundled Cuddle Companions.
Oh my God, no.
Okay, question.
Two questions.
Are you here and are both of you here?
Awesome.
Awesome.
I think they were actually here the first time you read that question.
They fucking were reduced to ash as soon as we started reading this question.
We can still catch the end of the game if we hurry.
Let's go.
We're out.
Here's the awesome thing about friends with benefits.
Oh God.
You've been married for a while.
Griffin, are you getting a score update?
I just wanted to check real quick.
The awesome thing is this, is that it goes against what you would think where it actually
like you can fall on bone, but don't hold hands.
Yeah, it's weird, Trev.
No, I feel what you're saying.
That's what makes it so dynamic, so exciting.
Thank you.
It's why they made two fucking movies about it at the same goddamn time.
Starting Ashton Kutcher and Natalie Portman and, hold on, I got this, I got this, Mila
Kudus and fucking, hold up, I got this, Justin Timberlake.
Yeah.
Because it's the weird bell curve of that, of like if you're friends in a relationship,
friends with benefits, you only get the two sides, but you don't get that middle, you
don't get that intimacy.
You don't need that intimacy.
Yeah, it really is like we're boned, bye, and that's totally cool that you-
That second step is so vitally important, but you have to say bye.
But if you're dating and you take it seriously, you can't do that move.
You can't be like, ah, we had a romantic dinner and then we had sex, bye.
You can't do that.
And you shouldn't say it like Borat, like my brother did.
Bye.
My wife will be home in a couple minutes.
Yeah, my wife will be home soon, you should go.
This will get weird.
I got to say, I know this is, we're both, this is very exciting, it's very fucking sexual
and it's a very exciting energy that we've injected into our relationship and I just
got to say this whole thing's got me feeling very nice.
That was fucking horrible.
That was the worst Borat, I've done some pretty good Borat in my years.
Hold on, let's give, we gave Justin a take two, Griffin.
All right, let me try again.
You lost all your consonants.
It sounds like you just got bit by a snake.
Ah, Borat.
We just woke your baby up, for sure, for sure.
No question.
Should we go throw it to the audience?
What's the score?
I can't fucking find it online, apparently people won't give a shit.
Two to eight.
What?
No.
Holy shit, tied at half.
Let's get some dogs.
Badgers, yeah.
Anyone here a fan of the Badgers?
Apparently not.
Apparently nobody, like 16 people.
All right, let's go to the audience.
Here's our rules.
There's no bummer questions, please.
No bummers.
No bummers, we'll know.
And no, it could be a bummer, but it'll be fine.
The first fucking person we had up last night.
Well, it might be, stop it.
They actually quote said, it depends on how you answer.
Don't put that fucking shit on us, dog.
This is 100% your authorship.
Own it, own it, stand in your place.
Can we get a little bit of house lights?
We got them right there, look.
Ma'am, right here, yeah, come right here.
Yes, you pointing at your head.
Come right to the mic.
This is the most fucking phantom zone set up.
No, the mic is behind you.
You've been tricked, we're doing this shit like a TED talk.
Like a TED talk, have you seen a TED talk?
Proceed with your question and await judgment.
Just like any TED talk.
Yes, I work in education, I've seen a lot of TED talks.
Okay, fair enough, you just put us in our place.
What's your name?
My name is Heather.
Hi, Heather.
What's your question?
Do you have a question?
My question is, my husband had to move to California for business.
And I'm going to see him for the first time in three weeks on Wednesday.
What should I do when I see him?
I don't know.
Kiss him.
You always come with the best lines, Trav.
Kiss him on the face.
Tell him you love him.
Here's what I've learned, it's 2015.
If you see someone and you haven't seen them for a while,
and it doesn't go viral, then you don't have anything.
The first thing you should say is, sorry I haven't YouTubed you.
I'm saying like, you YouTubed the reunion.
And if it doesn't have 15 mil by the end of the week,
apparently your love is not very special.
Do you also have a golden retriever that hasn't seen him in a while?
Do you have a golden retriever that hasn't seen him?
Because you'll be rich.
Huge.
I have a black lab border copy.
Perfect either?
Good enough.
No, good enough.
Well, I don't know.
You might go bacterial.
Good night!
Wait, what?
I don't understand.
I didn't fucking get it.
What?
I didn't get the joke.
That's disgusting.
Lab, like lab?
Viral.
Like they do fucking like virus experiments in a lab?
That was the joke?
No, like viral bacteria, like it might go viral, anyway.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Okay.
Fuck.
Listen, let me ask you this.
Have you picked up any new skills that you can impress them with?
What?
Did you learn the yo-yo?
Did you learn the yo-yo?
How quickly can you spray paint?
Can you get up on a, what are you saying?
Do what with spray paint?
You throw up your tag on a local business?
Now they do that where you make like a pyramid in front of a moon.
It's like you'll never believe what you can do in 15 seconds.
Are you having a stroke?
Did you just, did you just do like an audio visual version of Illuminati like in our podcast?
Hey guys, moon in front of a pyramid.
Get it?
Anyway, let's just move on.
Don't worry about it.
Any, uh, stardom races out there?
Anyway, moving on.
I'm pretty sure when I see him, he's going to tweet everything we do to you guys.
Perfect.
Perfect.
That's-
Give us a big round of applause.
Oh, yeah.
You, sir.
Where?
Where, where, where?
Right over there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Over here?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Come on up.
It's over there.
You're going the wrong way.
You're going the wrong way.
You're breaking my heart.
Well, okay.
Go away.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
No, yeah, yeah.
You're driving this ship of your body.
You're the captain of your body boat.
You're interspacing this shit.
No, yeah.
Yeah, just go down there.
You got it.
You got it.
You took the fucking craziest way you could.
Good job, Marco Polo.
You're almost there.
Just, you know, circumnavigated the crowd.
Hi.
Okay.
Hello.
Hi.
How we doing?
Good.
What is your name?
My name is Cole.
Hi, Cole.
How you guys doing?
Good.
How are you?
I'm good.
How are you?
I'm nervous as shit.
No, Cole, you need to relax.
What is your question?
You're fine.
What is your question?
Well, it's more of an advice question as far as, in regards to my girlfriend.
Okay.
Is your girlfriend here?
She is.
Yeah, she is.
Where are you, Cole's girlfriend?
Cole's girlfriend coming here.
Yeah.
If you're material to the conversation, I feel like it's only fair if you were also
present.
Yeah.
Everyone let her pass so she doesn't have to do the weird walk around.
Let Cole's girlfriend go through so we can ask the questions simultaneously.
Sorry.
Because sometimes I worry that I'm saying heinous shit.
All right.
Cole.
Yes.
Okay.
What is your question?
This is my lovely girlfriend, Meredith.
Hi, Meredith.
How's it going?
So I have something pretty major that I want to ask her.
What's that, Cole?
In your personal opinion, like, what is the best time to share something just like life
changing and major?
Oh, man.
Right now.
Right now.
Yeah, I think like pretty much right now would be a good time.
If I was at a comedy podcast, right now would be the moment that I would do that.
This would be the time, Cole.
Yeah.
Cole, that's, I would do it now.
Oh, shit.
I want to hear every word, Cole.
Don't you mumble this.
Don't keep this private.
We made the whole thing public.
Let's do it.
Everyone, hold on, hold on.
Deliver.
I want to hear Cole.
I just want to hear Cole's line.
What do you work up, Cole?
Oh, God.
Baby, I love you so much.
I you mean the world to me.
You're my best friend.
You're my family.
And I'm so lucky to share my life with you.
I'm excited to absolute silence and I'm also excited to share the rest of my life with
you.
Will you please marry me?
Yeah.
Thank you, guys.
Okay, now sit down.
It's our show.
Next.
No, no, hold on.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Don't sit down.
Now, okay.
Do your thing and then go.
Okay, no.
They're gone.
Okay.
Feel bad for the next.
My roommate's stealing my cottage cheese and I'm really bummed out about it or whatever.
I tried to deploy On the Wings of Love.
Technically, I thought it might fucking accentuate your romantic experience, but it didn't work.
I love this, dude.
Right there.
Oh, I got this.
Yeah.
No.
Let's see what you got.
Yeah, go, go! You're falling off!
You do it! Didn't even waver the ass right!
Yeah, he's gonna keep the show going.
Hello.
Hi, what's your name?
Hi!
My name's William.
Hey, William.
They call me Hansel.
H-Hansel? Okay, sure!
That's my last name.
That's your last name?
Hansel, okay. Got it.
Hansel, he's still home on it now.
Yeah, thank you.
I, uh, I emailed you about my question, and I had the exact same question as Cole.
Oh, okay, fuck! Back to back!
What?!
Double barrel!
Shotgun!
Is your girlfriend or boyfriend here?
Yes, she is.
Could she come up to the microphone, please?
Fuck!
Yes!
Ask it! Ask it!
Will you marry me and stuff?
I have a second question.
Never mind, it's all good.
Thank you so much.
Congratulations, everybody!
Yeah!
Fuck it! Fuck it! Anybody else?
Anybody else?
Yeah, you! Fuck it!
You, get over there!
Who else wants to get engaged? Tonight!
I'm not fucking kidding!
Only marriages now! Only marriages!
Fuck comedy, fuck advice, we're getting fucking married!
Everybody here tonight!
Where's your girlfriend or boyfriend?
Well, sh- well, shit, um...
Don't you fucking step on my- I'm on a fucking groove right now!
Come on!
I can do fucking anything!
What do you got?
Well, shit, I didn't think you were saying who else wanted to get engaged.
Yeah, of course, that's what I-
That's too bad, sir! You're getting engaged tonight!
Pick someone from the crowd!
Do we have any tributes who will be engaged to this man?
I thought we had a streak going.
Tell us about... whatever...
What are you doing, Travis? He's not gonna get engaged, okay? It's over.
The streak's over. You can stop filming the audience.
Shhh! Three would have gone viral! Yes, I agree with you, Travis!
Three proposals would have gone viral!
I'm still holding out hope!
Did anybody video both of them so we can get viral something?
Yeah, congratulations! Get that onto the tube soon, okay?
Congratulations to everybody, by the way!
Okay, so sorry!
Wait!
Wait, are you looking at your girlfriend right now, boy?
Huh? Can you?
I'm looking at my girlfriend right now and saying,
Do you wanna get engaged, Travis?
What a great time to have that conversation!
Oh, she's coming up!
Hold on! She's coming up!
Holy shit! She's coming up to the microphone!
You two, listen! Listen, look at me right now. Listen to me for a second.
What's up?
This world is hard.
Shut up. This world is hard.
And if you find somebody that you wanna wake up every morning and look at,
then you grab that person and you cling to him.
And you never let go.
You're the person that I wanna spend your life with.
Madam, if you don't feel that way about this gentleman,
know that this isn't binding.
We have lots of other dudes here.
We can put you with any one of them.
There's a lot of fish in the sea.
There are a lot of fish in this room.
If you find the person that completes you, don't waste another second.
Devote the rest of your life to them.
Have you heard the good news?
We cannot express enough how viral the three-peat will go.
I don't wanna break shit justice flow,
but Travis, you're filming this in a vertically angled video
and it's fucking killing me.
Yeah, Travis.
Thank you. Yes.
Thank you. Turn this to the side for us.
Okay. Okay.
Sir. Madam.
What do you got for us?
Can we cook up a three-peat?
Do you wanna break traditional gender norms?
Oh, shit!
What?
A progressive three-peat!
A three Patricia.
If you will.
That's pretty good.
This is so spec...
Listen, don't...
No, now I'm starting to feel very, very guilty.
I'm starting to feel guilty.
We only vetted the first one.
Why don't you guys commit to something less big right now?
Like a weekend duet.
Where do you go on a three-day weekend with me?
Do you wanna commit to something less?
Do you wanna go on vacation this summer?
Do you wanna go to the Wisconsin belt?
Do you wanna go to Flood Rockers?
We gotta pivot our brand real quick.
You two are currently living through the most uncomfortable moments of your lives
and we're gonna get you through it.
We're gonna get you through it alive.
Tomorrow's gonna come and you're not even gonna remember it.
This is not the only moment in time.
It's gonna keep going on and you won't always be standing there.
You're not locked to anything that's happening right now.
You'll just be up here doing a podcast.
We did have our first date in approximately this spot.
A week ago.
I'll give you a free poster if you ask him to marry you.
That's fucked up. Come on. What the fuck?
You don't need a goddamn poster dowry.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
I'll give you a poster and a chest of jewels.
This is turning on me. We have geese for you.
Mr. Travis McElroy.
Yes, sir.
Magnet or no deal?
It's pretty funny.
It was a $3.50 magnet.
Am I willing to marry two people for $3.50?
I'm looking at my wife.
Oh no, she ducked away from the window.
I'm gonna say yes.
Oh, now it's on.
Didn't think I'd give up the magnet.
Travis has called your $3 bluff.
It's high stakes here, my brother.
My brother and me, Milwaukee.
We've been standing up here for maybe...
Yeah, for 100,000 years.
You need to pop or get off the pot.
Please do not let yourself be goaded into a marriage by a podcast.
You're better than this.
And if you do, let it be a better podcast.
Right.
I would let Superego let me get married, but not us.
If Night Vale told me to get married, I would do it, and I'm already married.
Why don't you think about it?
Think about it, and the next time we're in Milwaukee, you can propose then.
In six years, you can propose again.
Can we have a big round of applause?
Thank you, Lighting Guy.
That's sweet.
For the record.
For the record.
I promised I wouldn't embarrass you in front of 600 people.
Fucking great job, Dom.
How'd that go?
How'd that go?
The worst job.
It is her birthday today.
Okay, wait, hold on.
We can at least do this.
Happy birthday.
No, we cannot.
No, no, no, no.
We don't have the rights.
So, happy birthday.
You did it.
Another year.
Congratulations.
What's your name?
Becky.
Becky?
Becky!
That's the first jingle in four years.
Yeah.
Listen.
We got...
We done?
Yeah.
We have one more question from...
Thank you all.
You've been great.
Give them a big round of applause.
I think we're done.
Listen.
What?
Let's end it.
Yeah.
Listen, guys.
Thank you all so much.
Thank you to Turner Hall for being so kind to us.
Yeah.
Thank you, Milwaukee.
Thank you for missing the game to be with us and hang out.
Thank you for being such a cool city and being so nice to us.
Also, I want to say thank you to Justin Gray.
Justin Gray designed some awesome show-specific posters.
Yeah.
They say this...
Like, they're only for sale here at this show,
and they are about this show, so...
So, it shows the venue and the city, and get them.
Get them.
They're fucking rad.
We stole some already.
They're available right back there.
Yeah.
Do that.
Uh...
John Rodgers?
Thank you, John Rodgers,
in the long winter to do these sort of things.
I'm putting the days to bed.
Thank you to Sawbones for opening for us and being so amazing.
Thank you to the person who gave us this bottle that was full
like an hour and a half ago.
Comedy Juice.
Thank you, Comedy Juice.
From Repeal Reserve.
Delicious.
Delicious stuff.
Thank you to our wives who aren't in Sawbones,
Teresa and Rachel, for being so amazing.
So fucking rad.
Thank you so much.
Final Yahoo from my brother Griffin.
We're going to think about this, and we'll come back to it next week
and talk about it like we always do.
Shut up.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Samuel Ginsberg.
Thank you, Samuel.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Jason, who asks,
What religion are the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, and me.
Kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Hey.
I wanted to remind you about Blue Apron.
Thank you so much to them for helping make this show possible.
You can get your first two meals for free by going to
BlueApron.com slash my brother.
We also want to say thanks again to NatureBox,
where you can order hundreds of great tasting snacks,
healthy snacks.
Go to NatureBox.com slash my brother to sign up
for your free sample box of great tasting, healthy snacks.
And one more time, if you live in the Pacific Northwest,
Seattle, Portland, or Vancouver, or anywhere around there,
we're going to be doing a live show there,
live shows, I should say, in each city.
At the end of August, you can get tickets,
everything you need to know at bit.ly
forward slash MBMBAM Portland,
bit.ly forward slash MBMBAM Seattle,
and bit.ly forward slash van, V-A-N, MBMBAM.
And just so you know, the Seattle show corresponds
with PAX, but it is not PAX affiliated,
so you still have to buy tickets,
even if you already have passes to PAX.
But you don't need a pass.
You don't need a pass to pass.
It's a totally separate thing.
Anyway, yeah, thanks for listening.
Okay, bye.
Maximum fun dot org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
