The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello and welcome to My Brother, My Brother and Me, the advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm the baby new year ghost. Welcome, baby new year.
I'm the ghost of the baby new year, apparently. Oh no.
The new year is already dead. Sometimes.
Long live the new year.
When I try to do, like, an impression, it almost always comes out ghost,
and I think that probably explains, like, a lot of shit about A, me, and B, this podcast.
That's Griffin, he's our baby brother. Hi.
And this is 20 Forward. We made it. Yep.
20 Dirt got pretty, um, tasey there at the end. I was a little worried about whether or not we're
gonna be able to forward that there stream, but we made it, and we didn't lose any supplies.
Nope. I rung in the new year. I don't know what you guys did. I rung in the new year
at a castle in the center of Ohio while I was trying to solve murder mystery clues.
I didn't know that that was, like, a fucking, like, castle-y.
Was there medieval times, like, the actual time, not the restaurant, in Ohio?
Like, were there sieges? Yeah.
It's all in the Book of Mormon, Griffin. I guess.
Yes. Were there dragons and squires and blacksmiths and shit, like, in-
So you're under the impression that dragons were a part of medieval history.
Because I guess I just kind of thought that, like, Ohio missed out on that. I could maybe
see, like, New Hampshire, like- No, it just, it just cycled later. Like,
here in Ohio, our Middle Ages happened about two years ago.
Yeah, because I was there for that shit. Thanks, BK.
Yeah, and then you left, and then it was the Dark Ages for about a year and a half.
Because I left- And we just found medicine. Yeah, you took it with you.
Oh, Trav, way do you guys get to the Renaissance?
Yeah. Gonna be a lot of naked lady pictures.
Nice. Just warning you.
Yummy. Yummy.
Heads up.
I did karaoke for my New Year's Eve, which was fun. They had an old-line sign in the book,
and it was, there was just a lot of cheer. There was a lot of opening of our private booth doors.
Timing that's a nightmare, though, right? You put it in, it pops up at 10 30. Like,
okay, this is gonna seem- Talking about a private booth, it wasn't like a,
it wasn't like a total request live situation. Whoa, look at-
So you were able to do like karaoke and like strip at the same time.
Biggie Smalls over here with his own private booth. Did you get some crystal?
It was like $6 an hour.
Whoa.
It was not, there were no like fondant fountains. It was, it was a $6 an hour karaoke,
Korean karaoke place.
You know the Golden Corral now has three fountains? Chocolate, white chocolate, and caramel.
Really?
Hey, hey, I got a prime rib, but I want to put it in chocolate, but also caramel.
Okay, I want to say I'm actually amazed that there's not more. That there's not also like
a butter fountain, and like a nacho cheese fountain, and like a gravy fountain, and like
a cookie fountain, and like a sprinkles fountain.
There's a gravy hose.
There's a gravy hose.
Step on up.
Then there's the cookie trough.
Yeah, their newest ads are just step on up you fat piece of shit.
Just give in.
Turn it on, shut it down.
How have the first five days of the year been for y'all?
My favorite thing is seeing on Facebook, and it apparently our standards as a society have
become so little to establish whether a year was good or not when it's like woke up and
put on my slippers.
2014 is looking good so far.
I mean I guess like you haven't like nobody's come up and like punched you in the in the
taint like put on my put on my slippers.
They were scorpion free, smooth sailing.
So far so good.
I just hate to be with that person the one day they're like went to get the peanut butter.
We were out of smooth and only had crunchy left.
Fuck 2014, fuck 12 hours in.
It's already the worst year ever.
If it keeps up at this pace.
Let's uh, let's help some people.
I'm ready.
I'm in good shape for it.
20 forward.
Here we go.
First question of 20 forward is this.
I'm relatively in shape.
Enjoy running.
Well, well, well.
Oh, lardy da.
Lardy da.
Look at me.
I'm fit, damn.
I'm the running man.
I'm the running man.
I love it.
Uh, I typically run an hour a day.
But have found that listening to music just doesn't cut it for me.
I really enjoy singing along.
I found it makes running more fun and singing in general makes me a happier person.
Is this a bad thing to do?
I get embarrassed very little.
And I am not looking for attention here.
But I'm curious if you think it's rude to others to run by them singing skater boy.
That being said, I think it's far more ridiculous to go from full out singing to nothing as soon
as I see someone as it looks like I'm embarrassed.
It's a very Doppler effect.
Just, ah, ah, he's just a skater boy.
See you later, boy.
Outside running only.
Sing as one would sing in the shower or car.
And I try to censor myself.
Are there a lot of swears in skater boy?
He's a fucking skater boy.
I love you skater dick.
What?
Ladies.
What is a skater dick?
From piping in pizza.
It's like a regular dick, but he has one of those little finger flip skateboards that
they sold at Toys R Us for a while.
And a tiny helmet.
He only wears Vans condoms on it.
Hey, do you want to have sex?
I can't.
My dick's a warp tour.
Shit.
Again.
I bet this crazy, this crazy cool lunge lady.
She's totally rad.
Lineup sucks this year, but he'll have fun.
It's more about like the experience.
There's a really easy solution to this.
If you're going to say don't sing, like.
No, no, no.
Can you tell a bird to not sing?
No.
God, no.
You have to do Queen's don't stop me now on repeat.
I like that.
And then make eye contact with everyone you pass and like kind of maybe do like finger
points.
And then they're like, am I stuck in a music video?
And I didn't know it.
And then they'll think, well, I don't, if he, am I stopping him now?
I really don't want to be, he's been very clear about that.
I'm sorry.
I don't want to salt your running game.
Come back.
But then the twist there is by calling out after him, they stop and they're like, what?
And like, oh shit, I stopped him now.
Fuck.
Also, I imagine you have headphones on.
I hope you're not just like fucking carrying, carrying like a boom slammer.
What are those things called?
Boom slammer.
Boom slammer.
Yeah.
Carrying a boom slammer with you as you run.
It's like a jail for your booms.
It's a, it's a boom slammer that you have like strapped to your arm with one of those
little iPod arm bands.
And you're just like, you just like bringing your tunes with you that way.
Cause nobody sounds as good as they think they do singing while they're wearing.
Well, I mean, I earbuds.
Hey, big ups to you, uh, uh, for being able to both run and have the extra lung capacity
to, to like.
Here's the skater boy.
He says see you later boy.
And it's been good enough for her.
Oh God.
What an amateur move.
If God, I got to tell you from an outside observers perspective, like it wouldn't be
a situation of like, if somebody was running towards me in the streets, like shrieking
Avril Lavigne, it wouldn't be a situation of, Oh, that person's so weird.
It would be like, I'm, I am genuinely feared, fearful for my life right now.
I genuinely, I need to be in a different place in this place right now.
That's across the street situation.
Like that would make my day.
Are you kidding me?
Think you said that Justin, you're saying that in like, in to like goof, actually think
about a person running towards you, singing a song while they're running towards you as
fast as they can for fitness.
Okay.
Why am I, why am I at the track?
That's the first thing I got to know.
Are they, are they at the track?
Well, you're at the running track, right?
No, no, no, no.
See, sometimes people just like run on the street where people like walk to go to the
store.
Are there dogs chasing them?
You were walking to H-E-B to pick up a flick at the red box.
And then all of a sudden, somebody's fucking running down, down Guadalupe at you on the
same side of the street, singing a song.
I think that's very rude.
When people jog past my house, I feel like they're having a parade for themselves.
Like, yes, okay, you're running.
Everyone sees you.
Oh, what if you just join a parade?
Oh, oh, you could mask your, uh, you could just stick to only like running with things
that make noise.
Like run next to an ice cream truck.
That would look good.
I think Travis is suggesting what if there were events or circumstances like a parade,
but instead of like floats and stuff, it was just like a bunch of people running like a
long distance.
What if like we could, what if like we invented that?
Like a bunch of people all running down the street and it would like, here's the thing
though.
Here's the best part about it.
It would block traffic for normal people and it would be like pretty annoying in big
cities.
Now Griffin, I feel like you're doing a marathon goof, but what if you did that?
But the whole marathon was like a giant choir.
It was a big sing along.
Well, actually, I was just actually picturing my head.
Can you imagine doing a 5k?
Well, no, but I can't.
Can you imagine doing a 5k?
But like as soon as it starts, there's a guy just like, islands in the stream and that
is what we are.
And then there's also a woman jogging next to him, harmonizing.
That would help me set my pace ahead of those people.
Just got to keep ahead of them.
Um, cause you can't afford to have douche shells in a long run.
You got to stay hydrated.
See, I would suggest maybe like, if like you are instinctively singing along with the song,
listen to some like non non lyrical shit, but then like there's nothing stopping you
from like when you're listening to like, I don't know, let me think of a non lyrical
song real quick.
The Seinfeld theme song just running down the street.
Like I would say that what I love about this question is that they're not worried about
looking weird.
They're worried about seeming rude, which I think is so considerate that you're missing.
I don't think it's rude at all.
I don't think anyone's going to see you running past and go, how rude?
I think they're going to go, I need to get inside.
I need to get somewhere safe behind a threshold.
This is the, well, this is the thing though about, I think there's a law of like, if you
there's momentum impacts the, your, your value of a crazy person.
Right?
So if you are, how often do you run into that situation?
Are you saying like, well, you get into an elevator and it's like, Oh, what are we stuck
in here for?
And then it turns out the person's, you know, talking to a corn dog or something happened.
Or maybe you're just trying to use the bathroom with Cracker Barrel and a weird guy comes
up and shows you his nipple through the crack in the door.
Maybe that happened to you once.
I guess I'm just like uncomfortable with the crazy terminology.
I prefer maybe eccentrics.
Yeah.
Okay.
He was an eccentric, an eccentric gentleman who showed you his eccentric nipple.
Was the nipple eccentric or was it pretty like cut and dry?
Had he drawn a little winking smiley face on it?
No, it's just a regular nipple and it was super upsetting.
I actually want to talk about anything else.
Okay.
Here's another question.
Recently I had my vehicle stolen, which really bummed me out.
I was wondering if you guys had any advice on things to do for a good cheer up session.
And that's from Canadian Couldn't Car.
Get justice.
Like hunt the person down and get justice.
For every car stolen from you, you must steal 10 other cars.
Well, no, that's opposite of justice.
Well, then it balances out.
You got to pay it forward.
I never saw the movie, but I understand that.
What do you say if the three of us need to sit our asses,
sit our fat asses down and watch fucking pay it forward
so we can like reference this film in a way that makes sense.
Yeah.
Once you've, if something is stolen from you, the only like reasonable response is to try to
fill the hours that that thing would have filled for you with justice.
Like trying to pursue justice.
That's how Batman, Bruce Wayne became Batman is because once his parents were dead,
you know that fool wasn't going to go to school anymore.
He's going to make him nobody.
So he decided to just stay home, become Batman.
He had a lot of free time on Batman.
If like he was the world's greatest detective and crime fighter
and also illiterate and couldn't do his timetable.
Completely illiterate.
Batman, to solve my latest riddle, you have to write in cursive.
Wait, no, no, absolutely not.
Can I help you there?
Hey Alfred, could you come here and sign this check for me?
Thank you.
Please.
In for a billion dollars for cancer research.
I wrote Batman, I wrote Batman, but the N, I did it in big block letters and it ends backwards.
I don't think they'll take that because my bank account's not under Batman.
Alfred, what's three times two?
Quit laughing, you old fuck.
Stop it.
It'd be really frustrating for the Joker because all the jokes would go over his head.
They've all got like historical punchlines.
You'll be fiddling like Nero when what are you saying?
I don't follow.
Mad Hatter.
Yeah, like what's a Mad Hatter?
You know, from the book.
About punching some more.
I know about punching.
And the villain he's most impressed by is Clock King because he can tell time.
Like, wow, that is something.
You're not using digital or anything.
I'm super intimidated by you, Clock King.
But on the real side, I just go buy a bunch of stuff on Amazon.
Usually does it for me.
He's got to save money for a car though, he can't buy anything.
No, you don't really need a car.
You could go just test drive cars all day and then not buy one.
Well, that's-
Just to kind of get your fix.
I mean, because like if you're really like jonesing for a car ride.
Oh, could you live next door to an auto dealership and use that to get around town?
Hey, I will have this back to you, my man, but I gotta hit up Go-Mart.
But there's no situation more stressful than test driving a car.
So I don't think that would be like, especially, I don't think that would-
Okay, so maybe like smoke a little weed first just to even it out.
And then go test drive a couple cars.
It's fresh with a little hashish.
I was shocked when they, when I test drove, we bought a car like six months or so ago.
I was shocked that they just let us drive it.
Like I've been driving for 15 years, but suddenly I was terrified about my ability
to operate a motor vehicle.
I had forgotten everything.
That happened when Teresa and I bought the Matrix and I-
Great, great.
I don't think that-
I know you hesitated like for a second, like, I don't know.
I don't think that franchise has a lot of legs on it still.
I don't think it's a great-
Giannis burned me before, I just don't know.
I was so indecisive.
I love Laurence Fishburne though, shit.
Everybody's talking about this.
Who's this Carrie Ann Moss?
I don't know her.
That might be an adventure, fun acting adventure.
I always love finding new actresses I love.
Ah, let's give it a shot.
It's got guns on the box.
This is great.
Let's get the other two right away, sight unseen.
Ah, fuck.
God.
Shit.
It shouldn't, fuck, should have rotten tomatoes those.
Got me a can Keanu, fuck.
Yeah, buy the first one.
You'll love the other two.
Won't love the other two.
I shouldn't even like bother finishing the story now, should I?
Nah, it didn't sound like it was going anywhere like great.
You guys want Yahoo?
Yup.
Are you eating something?
You eating some food?
No.
I can hear you quietly guiltily crunching.
I thought you guys would be riffing for a while.
In my defense, I thought that goof had better legs on it.
That's my fault.
Um, this Yahoo was sent in by somebody anonymous.
It was like I got it from like a Yahoo Answers referral service and I assume that like somebody
sent it in through that service and not that like Yahoo has like gotten self-aware.
Um, cause man, if Yahoo knew how much we'd made fun of it.
Anyway, it's asked by Yahoo Answers user Flaundre Scarlett who asks,
why doesn't the penis gain fat?
Good question.
It just hit me suddenly.
That's it.
We gotta eat the right foods.
You're suggesting that there are foods you can eat.
Just so I'm clear that specifically, like, I guess it makes sense cause like you eat
like a big burger and you're like, oh, this is going straight to my hips.
You're saying there's a way that there's like dick smart bombs in food form.
It's where there's originals.
This whole time.
You couldn't have picked a more upsetting.
You picked, you're saying like grandpa's, preternaturally fat dicks.
The fattest dicks.
You're making me think right now of every Werther's commercial I've ever seen
where a kindly silver haired septuagenarian has a little kid on his lap, which is amazing
that he has room for anything on that lap other than his enormous, not enormous.
We should, we should be careful with the vernacular here cause we're not talking
about like a huge, a huge hog in the typical size.
Not impressive anyway, just horrifying.
Like a fleshy Campbell's can just there.
It looks at it.
You look at it, which you don't want to be doing anyway, but you are looking at it
and you think to yourself like, that dick looks out of shape.
That's one flabby wiener.
That's why old people always get offended if you take one of the Werther's
out of their candy dish.
I'm like, why, that's nature's Viagra.
Be careful.
No, it's not nature's Viagra because it doesn't make, I don't want to get like gross
or blues this soon into 24, but it doesn't like get you hard.
It doesn't get you, it doesn't get you swole.
If anything, it gets you softer.
It gets you, it gets you buzzier a bit.
It's a little bit around the middle.
It gets you swole in a bad way.
And then the problem is after that, if you don't keep it up, you end up with stretch marks.
Oh God.
I can't with this.
I can't do this with you.
Okay, let's-
I just mean, if you don't have a constant source of Werther's, it deflates back weird.
Sure, it deflates back weird.
Like Fat Bastard at the end of the Austin Powers movies, where he's got the weird flaps of skin.
Are you like imagining this?
No, this is a scene.
Okay, let's fucking jump as fast as we can away from this topic of A,
visualizing fat dicks and B, making any Austin Powers references.
Justin, that's going to sound like it's your cue to do your thing.
To do both simultaneously.
Why doesn't the penis gain fat?
It just hit me suddenly, Flaundre Scarlett said.
Now, finish your short story.
I think it's because it's all bone.
Now, Justin has been pushing this theory for a long time.
I don't know if Sydney has been a co-conspirator in this, but she should really know-
She's probably my biggest detractor.
Okay, good.
Because like, she's a goddamn doctor.
Like, I think it actually breaks the Hippocratic Oath to suggest that there's a bone that lives
in your penis. Justin's been pushing this theory about penis bone for a long, long time.
Some animals have a penis bone.
That's true.
Humans are one of them.
That part, I have a little bit of a problem.
Justin, do you have any kind of medical science to back that up?
Boners.
Boners, okay.
The word, the word, the word boners.
Of course, that being said, the word chubby has recently taken on an entirely like,
just like, it's not a good word.
Well, like, it was a great word before.
Like, it was the medically accepted word.
Just get your chubby out and let's take a look.
I am a chubby doctor.
No, no.
Not a fad doctor.
A chubby doctor.
You don't understand.
Like a proctologist.
Yeah, yeah, a chubby doctor.
What doesn't it gain?
A penis bone is called a baculum, which is so close to scot bacula that it-
He's actually the only human being with a penis bone.
That makes sense to me a lot.
Do you want me to ask Sydney real quick?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'll just ask her.
Okay, hold on.
But I want to hear it.
Hey, Sydney!
Hey, Sid!
Why doesn't the penis gain fat?
Why doesn't the penis get fat?
She says Jesus.
I'll take it.
I'm not sure she's a good doctor anymore.
I really wanted a more thorough explanation than that.
Wait, hold on.
Was it an exasperated Jesus or is she implying that Jesus' power stops?
She's implied that Jesus was the one that makes it so your penis doesn't get fat.
I think she is trying to-
She heard you ask that question and thought,
this is a great topic for a saw bones episode.
And now she's trying to fucking- she is trying to hold on to this podcast comedy
and use it for her own thing.
Justin, your marriage is tearing our brotherhood apart.
Sorry.
We had a good run though, didn't we?
You and your wife or you and your two brothers?
Time to pick.
This is it.
This is when you pick.
I pick Jesus.
Okay, so I got another question for you guys.
You want to hear it?
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, guys!
Quick question.
I've been married for over a decade now.
In the past few years, I've really come out as a geek girl.
For example, I enjoy playing D&D, watching Firefly, debating-
Hey, listen, we know what geeks are, okay?
Covered.
We got that covered.
But my husband doesn't appreciate my geekdom.
It makes fun of me, making me feel immature and less of a woman.
Sure, he does appreciate the occasional Star Trek episode,
but he draws the line and allowing me to attend a con.
My question is, should I just go back to the closet and try to suppress my geek urges?
What can I do to help him realize how lucky he is and let me explore this side of me?
That's from Sexy Geek Girl.
Man, I got to tell you, we have talked about the idea of self-identity based on cultural
consumption and how most of the time that is not the healthiest thing.
Not that we're shaming those proclivities at all because Christ knows we've got them.
Yes. But the terminology, the phrase
allowing me to attend a con gives me the royal skeevers.
You know, here's the thing.
In my opinion, people that make fun of or make people that enjoy things like this feel less
is because they themselves are afraid to allow themselves to wholeheartedly love something that
much.
Yeah.
You know, if you see someone make fun of like someone at a Star Trek convention, I doubt
that it has anything personal to do with that person so much as they're looking at someone
unabashedly loving something and it scares them.
Something that I've had to keep in mind throughout my marriage, which isn't as long as yours,
but it's getting there.
Sydney can appreciate some things that would fall into the realm of geekdom for sure, right?
She watched Battlestar with me. She loves Doctor Who.
But there are some things where I have to be honest with myself.
I have to look at myself and say, Justin, this is a show about Green Arrow getting his feet
underneath him and maybe meeting the Flash at some point.
Like, probably not.
This isn't gonna fly. Probably not.
Probably doesn't need to watch my DVDs of that show, The Wizard, which was about a little
person who invented things and was rich and a genius and a toy maker.
Probably would not get into that with me.
I mean, now I really want to watch that.
Now, if you want to come over and watch The Wizard, you can.
But I'm saying is sometimes you feel like something can't be a part of you unless that
person is sharing it with you.
Like, you love it so much you want them to take part.
That can be a little off-putting for some people because everybody's got their own taste,
their own things that you like, you have common ground with Star Trek.
Maybe that's a place to build from.
You build out from Star Trek.
Hey, you want Star Trek but good?
It's Battlestar Galactica.
Come watch this with me.
You like Battlestar Galactica?
Why don't you tune into the OC?
It's basically the same thing.
It's a real good show.
Seth is a Cylon.
I've ruined it.
Justin and I are thinking about doing a spin-off from a boom-bam called Ock Ock Ock, maybe.
It's just the OC three times.
We just talk about our favorite episodes.
Anyway, let us know in the comments what you think.
Thanks.
Rate and subscribe.
Don't let anyone make you feel bad about anything.
I mean, it's your husband and I'm sure it would be easy to look at this one facet and
for us to judge it, so I'm not going to do that.
But if it's something that's important to you, you should say something to him and be like,
hey, whether you mean to or not, you're making me feel bad about this and that ain't cool.
Am I like, I was willing to give this dude the benefit of the doubt, but like saying,
no, you can't go to the con.
Is he worried that you're not going to come back?
You're going to meet some, I don't know, some Twi'lek there that's just going to swoop
you away?
You know, Griffin, I'm willing to bet that it's something like seeing it as a reflection
of himself in some way of like, oh, no, please don't go to that.
Please, that'd be so embarrassing.
Don't go.
He doesn't have to fucking go.
But that's what I'm saying is I think that's what you say and be like, hey, listen, this
is a partnership and we're in us and everything, but I want to go to this thing.
You don't have to go.
No one there is going to care that I'm there because everyone else there is also there.
So why is that embarrassing in any way?
I mean, it's not embarrassing.
Like, it's not.
But that's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
Tell that dude, like, there's nothing embarrassing about it because it's not like you're rolling
up to someone's birthday party in your full out, you know, Star Wars regalia.
But if you roll it to Star Wars convention, what does it matter?
I mean, you could do that.
You could put on your ceremonial head tails and just like fucking roll up to roll up to
this birthday party.
Like, sorry, hon.
You didn't like give me a place to like vent this.
I bought these head tails.
I got to wear them somewhere.
I'm sorry, but also mentioned to your husband that the Avengers was the biggest movie that
the year it came out, that J.J.
Abrams makes Star Trek and Star Wars movies now.
Like, if they canceled sports, the battle is over, you know, Geeks inherited the earth.
I really wanted to watch the Packers 49ers game after this, but you're saying that canceled
sports.
You would think they would wait until at least until the end of the season.
I think the Packers...
Due to lack of interest.
See, I don't think that's true because they like...
They said, you know, they said like only like six people are watching.
They turned out everybody got concussions.
They canceled all sports.
So they managed to sell out the Packers game, which isn't like especially surprising because
that fact everybody bought the seats.
Ironically, everyone bought this.
No one's actually going.
Yeah, no one's going like Lambos.
I saw like every single game.
So it's not super surprising.
It is like negative 40 degrees right now in Wisconsin.
People sitting around negative 40 degrees.
I got to get a high, high price ticket to do that to lose to lose my gins in the cold.
The toe comes off in the boot.
God, it's insane.
How do you do that?
It's right now at the Packers game, it's 48 to 39.
Is that the score?
No.
Number of penises that have fallen off versus the number of butts that have fallen off.
They're just frozen off and come off.
But we'll keep you updated throughout the game.
Now let's go back to the Totino's Halftime Show starring John Madden.
Sorry, John Madden and his band, the Madden Knights.
Hey, I'm no better at commentating than I'm at playing bass.
One, two, three.
Let's hit it.
Oh, wait, hold on one second.
There's fucking pizza rolls.
Boom, and he's on his back again, covering himself in pizza rolls.
You know, when I was in middle school, I read the book All Madden by John Madden like five times.
I still have passages of that book that I remember.
You want to know how John Madden treats a sore throat?
Don't even worry about it.
You want to know how strong he thinks LT is?
Very.
I just googled John Madden dead because I was, no kidding, guys,
500% sure that John Earl Madden, born April 10th, 1936, was dead as fuck.
But right now it just says born and this is dead question mark.
Dead?
End of the day, sexy geek girl, don't suppress your urges.
Don't let anyone make you stop doing anything you want to do,
as long as it's not hurting anyone.
But Devil's Advocate, there is absolutely nothing, nothing, nothing wrong with these habits.
But I always say, when we talk about this stuff,
I get super uncomfortable when people define themselves with it.
I mean, the thing is, marriage is a partnership.
Yes, on the one hand, you shouldn't let him make you feel bad about it.
But on the other hand, you're in a partnership with this dude.
So there's got to be some level of,
maybe what he doesn't want to do is decorate the whole living room in a Doctor Who theme.
Right, but I don't think she's-
What I'm saying, but like, so don't go like fucking hog wild.
Find a nice, even keel that the both of you are happy and comfortable with.
But if you want to go to the con, go to the fucking con.
Yeah, go to that con, girl.
Girl, damn.
We'll see you there.
Let's get paid.
Let's get paid.
Guys, I have a pretty fat penis and the rest of me is pretty fat too.
And I decided that in 20 forward, I'm going to move my weight number 20 backward,
by which I mean I'm going to lose 20 pounds.
But I love-
Wow.
The problem is I like eating food that tastes good.
Oh, well, there's no solution.
Damn it.
Excuse me.
Maybe you haven't heard of Nature Box.
Remember earlier when I was eating and it was rude?
Well, I was eating sweet potato fries that I got sent to me from the fine people at Nature Box.
Curbing your appetite doesn't get any easier, guys.
It's going to help you lose weight with these snacks that are shipped in a box to you monthly.
I get like 10 snacks a month.
You get to choose whatever you want.
They have like a crazy assortment of things you wouldn't have even considered having.
But Man Alive, they are delicious.
So like-
And here's the thing.
They got the sweets covered.
They got the French toast, granola, like the salted caramel pretzel pops.
God, I ate so many of those when I was in town.
But they also have like some amazing like salty savory shit because I prefer that.
I like my chips and stuff.
They've got some stuff.
Oh, they have-
Italian bistro pestles are very good.
They have very elusive chili lime pistachios.
One of these days I'll eat those without my-
Without my wife just like hoovering them up, shelling all.
So I guarantee no matter what your tastes are, they've got something that you're just-
And it's all natural.
There's no trans fats, no high fructose corn syrup, nothing artificial.
And the best news is you can try it if you want for half off.
You use coupon code MYBROTHER.
Go to naturebox.com and use the promo code MYBROTHER.
All one word.
All one word.
And you're going to get like 50% off these great snacks.
So like my thing right now that I've been using to lose weight in 20 forward is I-
Every time I get hungry, instead of eating, I smoke a whole cigar.
I've also been dipping all my food in Olestra.
Just because like I remember that that was on those chips for a while.
And those did actually I think help me lose some weight.
So is this a better option or-
No, this is much, much better.
It's all natural.
But I would assume-
Olestra is pretty all natural, I think.
Yeah, but with your frequent bowel movements,
you're going to be missing some highlights from your favorite TV shows.
And I'm sure you're pretty worried about that.
Not really, I just like let it r-
Just like let it leak.
That's my 20 forward, colon, let it leak.
That's the colon, by the way.
Colon, let it leak.
It's not, it is not a punctuation mark.
It's just my, it's my butt.
The good news is there's Hulu Plus.
That's going to help you catch up on all your shows that you missed.
You tried Hulu.com, everybody loves it.
It's great.
They had this great accident with Alex Baldwin for a while.
You probably tried Hulu Minus.
Yeah, that's just like a blank screen for a couple hours.
But now they've got a lot of huge JPEGs of your favorite shows at Hulu Minus.
You don't want that.
It's actually just a guy describing TV shows to you.
You'll never believe what happened on Doctor Who last night.
Is there Hulu colon?
They got SNL, they got Jimmy Kimmel Live, Shark Tank, and Scandal.
And there's like every episode of shows like Lost, Law & Order SVU,
Doctor Who, and Community, and they got some original stuff too.
The Wrong Man's Behind the Mask, which is the show Travis was watching about sports mascots.
And the best of all, it's only eight bucks a month.
No problem.
Eight bucks a month, anybody can spare that.
And, and it always costs eight bucks a month forever, right?
Griffey, you have to pay that right up front.
Yeah, pretty much.
Oh no way, you stupid idiot.
Right now, you can try that Hulu Plus.
You can get on that tip for free for two weeks.
Get that free two week trial.
Just go to huluplus.com slash my brother and, and cash in.
Get it.
Get it, watch it, view it, enjoy it.
Stop what you're doing right now.
Breaking news.
Twice a month, Chicago comedians Cody Melcher and Ranjit Suri invite a funny friend of theirs
over to talk about a really weird book they've all just read.
Now hold on, do they, do they broadcast these discussions?
Or are we just including everybody in-
No, there is no way to listen to this, but-
No, I would say if you are outside their window on a warm summer's day,
and the breeze is in the-
No, you can, you can listen to this podcast.
They have people like Dan Telfer, our, our dear friend.
I think I can say that.
He introduced us once, Dan Telfer.
SNL's Tim Kasrinsky, Community's Danny Pudi.
They've done so many books from Edgar Allen Poe's only novel to a conspiracy book about
homosexuals starting the Nazi party to Twilight.
It's called Tomfoolery.
Nope, Tom.
There's a clever fucking pun like in the name of it.
Well, just call me Batman, sorry.
Tomfoolery is the actual name of the actual thing.
The newest episode is Children of the Matrix with Aaron Lane.
So go over to Tomfoolery, that's T-O-M-E-F-O-O-L-E-R-Y.com.
And listen to this great show.
And tell them we sent you, and tell them they're welcome.
Well, like, and apologize.
You know, Tom's like a book.
They didn't just like spell Tomfoolery like wicked super wrong.
Tomfoolery.com was taken, and they're like, well, what do we throw in there?
Well, if we throw it in, it's like a book thing.
Anyway, check that out.
They're on Facebook slash Tomfoolery.
They're also on iTunes.
All right, I'm done.
You guys do this next one.
I'm done.
I'm out.
I'm done.
This next one's for Justin from his brothers Travis and Griffin.
Dear Justin, we're sorry for making fun of your illiteracy.
Love your brothers.
It's not illiterate.
He's like Pauline illiterate.
This message is a special message, and it's for Pauline from Brandon, who is the nice boy who
lives with her.
Who hopefully you're aware of.
Hopefully you, oh God, that raccoon's back in the crawl space.
This special message is coming from inside the house, and it says to my favorite partner,
thanks for hanging out with me for almost three years.
If there's a day when you haven't made me laugh, I don't remember it.
Thanks for turning me on.
Bim bam and Merry Christmas or Happy New Year or Happy Valentine's Day,
depending on when the mackerels get around to reading this.
Nice.
Burned.
Yeah, that's painful and accurate.
I will need some salve for the burn you just laid down.
Severe burn.
Brandon, sorry, we said that you're a monster living in Pauline's mirrors that only hops out
when she turns her back.
We are sorry about that, that I just said, and we hope you guys have a great holiday.
Great Hanukkah.
Happy Hanukkah.
Happy Christmaca, you guys.
And one final announcement, Dave Holmes, the great Dave Holmes from television,
is joining the network as the new host of our funny as heck international quiz show,
International Waters.
It's going to be a great year for Maximum Fun.
You can check out all our new shows at MaximumFun.org or wherever you find your podcasts.
Here's another question.
How about a Yahoo?
Any Yahoo's lying around?
Yeah, I got a Yahoo.
This one was sent in by John Williams.
Thanks, John.
It's by Yahoo answer user, Ben, who asks,
What bear is best and why?
God, don't get me started.
What bear is best and why?
It lists black bear, grizzly, and why?
Let's take these one at a time.
Black bear, official animal of West Virginia.
Pretty great.
Pretty hard to beat.
You know what he loves?
What?
He loves berries.
That's not a pun or a play on words.
That motherfucker do love him some berries.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Grizzly.
Like Grizzly Adams.
No, I think like the bear.
No, like Grizzly Adams.
I think they're asking about bears, so.
Oh, Grizzly Adams was like a bear of a man.
We're getting into semantics.
I don't think we should.
And why do you think so?
So like this person only listed just the two bears.
I don't know if they want us to decide between black bear and grizzly
because that's a pretty easy one, black bear.
My favorite kind of bear is poo bears.
Oh, Travis.
Because like me, we both enjoy smack rolls of honey.
Travis is trying to take us back to the days of Christopher Robin and poo.
The great thing about black bears.
Got a honey bar stuck in honey's nose.
It's the great thing about.
And from there when there was no one.
Travis is only singing this song because he knows it makes me cry every time.
They did this to me before.
Please don't.
I'm serious.
I'll cry.
They did this to me before Griffin's wedding.
And then everybody thought I was crying about happiness.
All the bees in the hive.
Count the bees.
Chase all the clouds from the sky.
Chase the clouds away.
And now it's no longer fair use.
Hold on.
It's not fair use anymore.
It was fair use up until the bees.
They had a good run.
I think the good thing about black bears versus grizzly bears is that black bear didn't eat
grizzly man.
That's true.
And grizzly bears are going to have a hard time getting that one off their record.
It's right there in the name.
I like the pole.
I like a polar bear.
They're pretty good.
I guess in their hair, their hair is in white.
It's sweet.
Their hair is in white.
It's translucent.
I mean, if we're done with jokes for a bit, I'm a big sun bear fan.
Those guys with their like long, long claws and their little faces.
I also like the Kodiak because it's like 10 feet tall.
That's a pretty horrifying bear.
Is that the bear that was in that movie with, oh god, you know, where they're like on the
river and there's a bear that just like won't leave them the fuck alone and they eat that
dude from Lost.
They don't eat it.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Man, this story, guys, is getting away from me.
There's a bear that eats the guy from Lost.
Michael eats Michael from Lost.
And then there's that older guy.
And then I want to say anyway.
Wow, when you said we were done with jokes, you meant for the whole show.
I need to remember the name of either of the actors in The Edge.
It's Hulk Bolin and Anthony Hopkins.
You couldn't fucking help a brother.
You couldn't fucking step in and be like, let me get this for you.
I heard you were doing so well by yourself.
I like a koala bear because it's not a bear and that's gotta be awkward.
It's a Marmaduke.
We can do this for hours and hours and hours and like we'll have a great time doing that.
And like so will the listeners.
I think we need to like come up with some metrics.
I think we need to like boil it down to who would win in a fight.
Okay, so we have to eliminate human bears.
Bear Grylls, Grizzly Adams.
Yeah, because that, sorry, like Bear Grylls.
Kodiak Jack.
Bear Grylls is okay, but Kangaroo Jack.
Kangaroo's the type of bear.
Now would Gentle Ben be eliminated just by the fact that he's so gentle?
He's not going to win in any fights.
Are we looking for a species of bear that is the most dangerous?
Let's sit here and let's each come up with a bear represent- an ursine representative
that we can then see pit against each other.
And we'll like, we'll role play it out.
We'll do a bit of bear role playing and then we'll see who comes out the victor.
Okay.
I know what mine is, like I sort of came prepared.
Okay, what's your bear?
I mean, I don't want to say mine first because then what if you like figure out the strength
level, the power level of my bear?
You quantify.
What if we've already named all the bears?
I've got mine, I've got mine.
Travis has his.
Justin, you need a minute?
Okay, just our species or a specific bear?
A bear, the most powerful bear.
Okay, you guys go first.
Okay, Travis.
Wait, I need to hear your bear.
Now, should we say our bears at the same time?
Yeah.
All right, I'll say, I'll say my bear and then you say yours right after so you don't
have time to like, like change, change.
Okay, you ready?
Ursa Major.
Teddy Ruxpin.
Okay, so Teddy Ruxpin is flung into one of the many stars that compose Ursa Major and
his- Listen, I knew as soon as you said it Griffin, but we specifically said no cheating,
so I wasn't going to deviate from my preset course.
Is it cheating or is it the most powerful bear that there is?
Because it's celestial?
I feel like the rules are pretty clear about what we were looking for.
So what's the best kind of bear?
Star bear.
Yeah, star bear.
Can't really beat that.
Star bear is the best.
Justin, I guess you have a pretty good opportunity here to think of what beats a bunch of stars.
It's one star.
It's one star.
Ursa Major is one star.
I think it's a bunch of stars.
No, it's one, it's the north star.
It's not the north star.
Hachi machi.
I'm almost certain it's the north star.
It is most certainly not.
It's in all the ancient texts.
Let me get out my astrolabe and prove both you fucks wrong.
Oh yeah, guys, I'm looking at my lab right now.
It's a bunch of stars.
It's a bunch of stars.
It's like six to eight stars.
Okay, I have something I have to beat.
Depending on the season.
I have something that can beat your bear.
My bear is one to eight stars, so let's see what you got, hotshot.
All right.
How about the brightest star in the Hanna-Barbera galaxy?
Mr. Yogi Bear.
Hey boo boo.
That one isn't even like, especially outside the box.
Hey boo boo boy.
I certainly like picnic baskets.
Here's the thing about Yogi Bear that you didn't think about.
He eats stars for power.
He is galactus.
He is Yogi Bear system killer.
Yogi Bear star eater.
He is something that you don't know about Yogi Bear is that he's 56 years old.
No bear has ever been that old, so we have to assume that Yogi Bear is immortal.
Okay.
So from that, like if you were to extend that out, then even stars burn out.
But Yogi Bear's presence.
Yogi Bear will be there after the star has winked out of existence.
Yeah, the stars wink out of existence and who still stands strong.
I don't care how many movies they throw at him.
Yogi Bear still.
Okay, so the, but the fact that, that Teddy Ruxpin is an android doesn't come into effect.
Burnt, burned.
There's not an android that you can throw into a star that's going to like survive that shit.
Just can't happen.
There's no substance that it's certainly not Teddy Ruxpin, whatever he's made of felt burned to death.
Justin has a pretty good argument actually with this eternal cartoon bear.
Thank you.
Which is funny because I feel like this is a rock-paper-scissors thing because I feel like
Cyborg Bear could beat Yogi Bear.
This is the new rock-paper-scissors is what you're saying.
We need to put some branding on this.
Yeah.
That is, Ursa Major, Teddy Ruxpin, Yogi Bear.
I actually have a problem with what Travis is saying because much like, like the legend of some
people and like characters from history will outlive them.
Even if he killed Yogi Bear, Yogi Bear, if he struck Yogi Bear down, so I'm saying he would
arise more powerful than your Cyborg Bear could possibly imagine, mainly because your Cyborg Bear
doesn't have a soul, which if there's one thing Yogi Bear certainly does, it's a lot of heart.
Okay.
Let me pitch this situation.
One of the stars up in Ursa Major goes rogue.
Yes.
Like in that, like in that Lars von Trier movie, the name of which escapes me.
Rogue Star.
Rogue Star.
I think it was a planet in that movie.
I think it was called like Super-
Armageddon.
Super Sadness.
Okay.
This star comes flung from Ursa Major, travels at the speed of light,
destroys our solar system, just burns it all up, burns up every Teddy Ruxpin doll that was
ever produced, burns up all the celluloid, and every person that ever watched an episode
of Yogi Bear, it burns up Hanna-Barbera land in King's Island, just like destroys the whole thing,
and there's like nobody left to like carry on these two legacies.
Okay.
Let me counterpoint.
Okay.
As that's happening, Teddy Ruxpin learns to forgive and thereby wins a moral victory.
But Teddy Ruxpin has been evaporated.
Yes, but he was able to forgive Ursa Major, and so he is the victor in the confrontation.
The problem is we've been broadcasting Yogi Bear cartoons for over 50 years now.
They've been done every-
The fucking radio broadcast.
Ruxpin had a cartoon.
Yes.
Ruxpin had a cartoon.
Okay.
Yeah, but they were predated by, like I'm saying, by the time Yogi Bear reaches Beetlejuice
to the planet, those, sorry, yes, it's a planet, well, yeah, the planet-
No, it's super, super not.
Okay.
One of the planets around Beetlejuice, you know what I'm saying?
Thank you.
So once the broadcast from Yogi Bear hits them, it's the only message they've ever received,
they think of Yogi Bear as a deity.
So that time your Teddy Ruxpin signal arrives at the planet near Beetlejuice-
Oh my God.
You will see him the bear antichrist.
There will be-
He will be a heretic, is what I'm saying.
There will be a splinter group-
False bear!
Of Beetlejuice-
False bear!
There will be a splinter group of Beetlejuicians that adopt him as their god.
There's a horrible, horrible civil war that breaks out on this bit.
Oh no, what's that in the sky?
It's Ursa Major's butt star.
I win again, motherfuckers.
2-0.
2-0-0.
Do you think they would-
Wait, so the stars become sentient and is seeking out any remnants of Yogi Bear's
antichrist in the galaxy.
This is how the universe ends.
Not with a-
Not with a bang, but with a no booboo.
The problem is that by the time that the Beetlejuice planet has already, like,
adopted Yogi Bear as its personal savior, they've already built a giant picnic basket
shaped communications tower where they've started beaming out the message, the word,
to all the other galaxies.
You will never-
You can't stop the signal.
You will never catch the myth of Yogi Bear.
It's moving at light speed in every direction of the galaxy.
There's no way that it can be caught.
Except by the Ranger.
The only thing you could do, maybe I would grant you this, Griffin, and this is more
than I should do for you because you have not earned this, but the only thing that your
sentient star could do-
Or sorry, your sentient collection of stars is if one of them were to volunteer to collapse
and in doing so perhaps create some sort of possibility of time travel that would allow
them to go back in time and kill William, Hannah, and Joseph, and Barbara.
So one of the-
Wait, so one of the stars collapses allowing the other stars to go back through to kill
Hannah and or Barbara.
Hannah and Barbara one day while beginning to do the sketches that would first-
Hey, I have an idea.
This is my favorite Doctor Who episode.
Tell me about your idea, Hannah.
Oh man, it's totally sick.
What if there's like Jellystone Park and there's like a bear, super hungry, got a little friend,
ranger's kind of-
He's kind of like Ed Norton on the Honeymooners.
What do you think?
I think that's great.
And can I tell you how much I love this open office space that we have with the skylight?
Hey, look up through the skylight.
There's a singularity in the clouds.
25 stars come storming in like, what's up?
What's up?
Heretic.
Now, here's the problem though.
Shit.
One of the stars has to agree to collapse and you know how stars are.
Yeah, that's true.
They are not going to be thinking big picture.
No.
They're going to think, well, not me.
So you know what happens.
What about Daryl the star?
25.
Maybe he could collapse.
He's the last one to join up in the constellation.
Lots of people don't even count.
Without Daryl, it's just a bear with a shorter tail.
25 of the other stars murder one of the other stars and that is where sin came from.
That's original sin.
When you read about original sin in the Bible, that's what it's talking about.
That's amazing.
I am glad that we were able to really play out this whole scenario.
I do not know who won.
I think it was mine because I killed Hannah Barbera.
Still not as weird as Scientology though.
No.
Which is surprising.
Man, we did that for like 30 minutes.
Where do you go from there?
I think we have to stop.
Let's do one more.
Let's do one more regular question.
Okay.
I'm getting married within weeks and I want to make my wedding night a special one for
my soon-to-be husband.
I'm not interested in making it a hypersexual experience.
I want to do something more interesting.
Any ideas?
You'll give me a cosplay.
Yeah, you'll give me a cosplay.
That sounds pretty hypersexual to me.
How like, oh man, do you think this person has like gone through systematically the
Extreme Restraints library, the Extreme Restraints catalog, and has exhausted every product on
there like, ah, sex is just so passe for me.
Well, maybe she's not, maybe she doesn't want it to be all about sex.
Maybe she wants something to get about like the emotional magic of like, now we are one,
now we are bonded, now we are forever in love.
Anything that you do, you are going to run the risk of making him feel guilty that he
did not also do something.
If you put together like a photo collage of like your greatest moments, all your greatest
hits, then he's going to just look around the room and be like, I got you hotel soap.
I got this for you.
It's special, reminds me of, remember that hotel we stayed at that one time the night
we got married?
I saved the soap.
That is an excellent point.
No matter what, get a hotel room.
Even if you're like getting married next door to your house, get a hotel room.
Do not go home.
Yeah, don't go home.
That will make it special.
Location is important.
So find a place where you can maybe get a nice suite.
Don't make it about sex, make it about relaxing.
Get a suite with like a nice jacuzzi tub in it and get some-
Order some fancy cocktails.
Get a gravy hose and then if you do decide to turn up the sex, then you have that just
like on hand.
You got the graveyard there, you can do a gravy in the jacuzzi bath, turn on the jets,
get gravy jets, and then just see where the mood takes you.
I can tell you where the mood's going to take you when there's gravy jets in play.
To the Golden Corral?
Right to the Golden Corral.
Right to the Golden Corral.
Get a nice room, make it about relaxing together because you guys are going to be so exhausted.
You just planned a wedding, you just met everybody you've ever known and they've all told you
how happy they were for you.
That's emotionally exhausting.
Just make it like a nice relaxing time.
I mean, Theresa and I wrapped up in robes and watched like HGTV while we ate chocolate
covered strawberries and drank champagne.
Perfect.
And then you had sex.
I don't want to talk about this.
Justin, did you not like express yourself sexually?
I would rather talk about anything including Darfur.
You have to like have a conceptual release and like a consensual release and a physical
release.
You have to have three different releases on your wedding night because it's like symbolic
and it's like love.
And a press release.
It's like love.
Well, you do that the next morning when your aunt is like, so how was it?
Dateline.
I had sex.
Breaking over the wire last night.
Jim Parsons had sex.
I didn't mean to summon up the star of Big Bang Theory.
Yeah, Jesus.
I've got a Big Bang Theory.
He had sex last night.
Guys, this has been a very enjoyable time that I've enjoyed having with you until Griffin
tried to go this into talking about sex.
I don't want to hear about like your sex lives.
I just want to know that you indulged in the carnal release.
Does it make it easier to talk about when we say carnal release?
I think Justin is dead, so I don't think it made it much easier.
You guys were breaking up for a bit, but now you're back.
We're talking about carnal release.
I don't want to do that now.
Okay.
We do have a lot to talk about though, so let's wrap it up like one would before they
have sex.
Gross.
Thank you to everybody tweeting about the show.
Why is safe sex gross?
What?
No, it's just talking about sex with you guys is gross.
Makes me sad.
Thanks to everybody tweeting about the show like Adam, Steve Lewis, Garnet Bruhl, Ryan
Miller, Scratchy TK, Armaline, Byron Wesley Chan, Harkey of Fair Eyes, Sean McNally, Nanners,
James Galbraith.
Thank you so much for tweeting about our show.
If you want to tweet about us and tell everybody that you're listening to our show, then you
could tweet using the MBMBAM hashtag and include a link to our sampler, why don't you?
Bit.ly forward slash it's MBMBAM or Bit.ly forward slash MBMBAM 2013.
Also, thanks to everybody who sent in questions this week.
If you would like to send a question, if you have a pressing query for the brothers McElroy,
you can send it to MBMBAM at gmail.com or MBMBAM at maximum fun.com.
Nope.
You fucked up.
Maximumfun.org.
Yep.
Fuck.
Yahoo Answers, we do accept those.
Every Yahoo Answers I read at this point are user submitted and they're so great and thank
everybody.
Thank you for sending those in.
Well is drying up a bit, so now is the perfect time to submit those.
Just shoot them to either of those email addresses and I read every one and I peruse them.
So yeah, send them in.
Might get them on the show.
Again, please keep them out of like scatological or incestual territories unless they're like
kind of, if it's fun, if there's like, if it's like fun scat.
Like funcest.
Yeah, like if it's just like trying to be gross, like I don't, homie don't play that.
Otherwise, otherwise it's good to go and thank you for sending those in.
And God, there's a lot of things to talk about.
Thank you to John Roderick in the long winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure, which is on the album, putting the days to bed.
It's a terrific album.
It's just listening to John Roderick and Jonathan Colton's Christmas album, which is, which
is similarly great.
We don't have a theme song off that album, but it's, it's good to also make sure you
listen to all the other maximum fun podcasts.
We just got five brand new, four brand new shows and one brand new host.
They're so great.
What have you guys been?
They're all really great.
I was redoing my office last week and I listened to listen to all of them.
Like, um, I wouldn't recommend all of them, but especially I really liked a song exploder,
which is very good, which is a very, very brief.
I think it's like 11 minutes, uh, podcast, uh, where they take songs apart and talk about
how they made them.
I also really liked the goose down is, is super, super funny.
Um, so check them and I haven't got a chance, um, is it Oh, no Ross and Kerry Ross and carries
and I like go on where they talk about, um, the concept of it to me.
I haven't got a chance to listen to it yet, but it looks fascinating.
I can't wait to listen.
You would like it.
It's, it's almost like a mix of like saw bones and in case of emergency, it's yeah, they
explore like French science and religious groups and they join cults and everything.
It sounds really cool.
Yeah.
They're all really good.
Check them all out this week.
I've also been listening to myself on Wham Bam Pow with Cameron Esposito, Rio Butcher
and Ricky Ramona, also of the maximum fun family.
So make sure you check it out.
I'm super great on the episode, you guys.
So check it out.
It's this week's episode.
Don't miss it.
Thank you so much for listening to our program.
We hope you'll join us again next week for another episode.
Oh, also, I just remembered if you're in the Cincinnati area, I'm going to be in Hamlet
at the Cincinnati Shakespeare Company.
Dr. Plugs over here.
Oh, well, listen, I'm doing a lot of cool things.
A lot of big stuff happening for Travels Magre 2014.
Looking pretty good so far.
But yeah, go to cincyshakes.com and you can get all the info and come see me in Hamlet
and I'm awesome.
He plays Hamlet.
I don't.
I play Laertes, but I get to, I will, no spoilers.
No spoilers.
He can stab in the tummy, doesn't he?
I said no spoilers.
We also want to thank naturebox.com where you can order great tasting, healthy snacks,
snacks smarter in 20 forward.
You're ready and get fit.
You're setting off your first order.
Go to naturebox.com and use the coupon code.
My brother.
All one word.
Also, thanks to Hulu Plus where you can binge on thousands of hit shows anytime, anywhere,
and you can get that free trial of Hulu Plus when you go to huluplus.com forward slash
my brother.
All one word.
My brother.
You sure it's a forward slash?
Yes, Griffin, it's a forward slash.
Okay.
I just, you're not, you're not like hip to like HTML.
It's a forward, it's a-
Griffin, give us the last question.
You're not a console cowboy in cyberspace.
The last question.
Sure thing, swordfish.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo answers user Dlaka who asks, how is your father?
Is he good?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hello, my name is Graham Clark.
My name is Dave Shumka.
Together we host a show called Stop Podcasting Yourself.
We're from Canada.
Don't hang out, don't hang out.
And every week we're lucky enough to be joined by a guest,
sometimes a comedian or sometimes just somebody that we like
and somebody probably you've never heard of.
But trust us.
If you followed us this far into the promo, just try it out, please.
Do we sound too desperate?
Stop podcasting yourself on Maximum fun.org.
