The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody. Welcome to my brother, my brother, mean advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. And boy, do we have an exciting,
exciting way to kick off the show this week.
I'm your middle brother, Travis McElroy, before Justin just skips all the way over to me.
Yeah, I'm the baby brother, Griffin McElroy. And it's been a few episodes since I've
said my name, because I feel like this shit really just runs off the rails
pretty much as soon as we start. So thank you for the opportunity.
Yeah. So this is a formal world exclusive. We have obtained through some unscrupulous methods,
a leaked track off the Daphne Punk. Is that what you said, Griffin?
Daphne Punk, yeah. Do you know the name of that album? Can you just...
The title isn't even out there. I think it's called Daphne Punky Brewster.
Okay. Now, Griffin, you've got a... Sorry,
Daph Punk. I'm reading my cue cards here. Daph Punk. Can you tell us a bit about the track we're
going to be hearing? Sure. So Daph Punk is a... They're one of those bands, sort of like extreme
music that just does songs for commercials for, you know, like for The Gap. There was that one
Gap commercial where the girl from Cape Fear just sort of danced in her jeans and was having a good
time, and two friendly robots came along and just played her a song for her to enjoy the jeans in.
Would I have heard them on Echoes with John D. Libertas?
Were there Gap commercials that ran interstitially? Almost exclusively.
Okay. Well then, yeah, probably, if it was like mid-2000s.
All right. Let me just push... Let me get the cart here. I'm going to pop it in to the old...
Okay, it's all loaded up. Is it eight tracks? Jesus. Yeah, and I'm just pushing play.
Bring the beat. Gonna fuck the beat. Oh, yeah. Bring the beat. We're gonna fuck the beat.
That's what a robot voice sounds like. Do you have some oil? Do you have some oil,
oil? Do you have some oil for my robot legs? My fingers are USB drives,
and we are gonna dance all night long today. What emotions.
They make sure to, like, really specify when the dancing is going to take place.
From 7 PM to 1 AM. We want a solid chunk of time.
Do you want to dance before you'll be electrocuted? We are your dance lords.
Just a reminder, we have to be out of the rec center by 10.
Music ordinances kicking at 10.30. Please buy a CD. That's their new CD. Or a t-shirt or a Bible.
It's pretty good. Pretty good goofs. Man, guys, I think Daft Punk has lost a step.
I've never heard their music before, but I can't imagine it wasn't better.
Or is it edgier than it's ever been? That's a good point. Their formula is really
just say a bunch of verbs. Just say a bunch of verbs or adjectives. Just back to back to back,
and it's like solid. How are they with gerunds?
Gerunds? Texting, walking, running, looking. I would listen to that song.
It's basically Schoolhouse Rock Live with a vocoder.
So, let's actually help some people this week. Thank you first before we go any further. Thank
you to everyone who helped us to crush our maximum fun drive goals. To those of you who are new
donors, thank you so much. We're sure you're enjoying the show in a much more appropriate
way than you ever have before. Or perhaps you are placing more scrutiny
upon us than you've ever decided to expend. All sales are final.
Well, they're not final. It's a monthly recurring thing.
All sales are final. All right, cool.
Let's answer some advice. Also, thank you guys so much, and thank you to Daft Punk.
Thank you for coming on the show. Thank you.
I recently visited a college that's five hours away with a friend from school.
He'd been planning the trip for weeks and had intended to go alone. He invited me to accompany
him at the last minute. On the way home, he was very clear that he expected gas money from me.
He knows I don't have a job. Am I a freeloader for not feeling that I should pay for something
that he has been prepared to pay for himself for weeks? That's from Possible Cheapskate in
Chesapeake and Friend of Friends. First off, that is a great name for you're so lucky that your
region dovetailed grammatically so well with Cheapskate. Secondly, that sucks.
Yeah, he did a little rope-a-dope there.
Well, let's answer some, because there's so many variables, right? There's so many variables.
Where were you going? Were you going to Chicago? Were you going somewhere cool that you sort of
did you enjoy the trip in any way? Because if it was just a favor for your friend,
then fuck that guy. But if you went there for a destination hot dog,
then you got something out of the experience. Yeah, maybe you should have to pony up.
Well, here's the thing. I would say that if there was no discussion beforehand
about splitting gas, if he was just like, hey, I'm headed up to Syracuse, you want to go?
Yeah, I think that in most situations, there is an implied, I'll help out with gas,
but if it was never discussed, you're not obligated.
Oh, it's so tough.
It is tough. And luckily, this is the kind of thing that when you get a little bit older and
hopefully you and everyone you know becomes a little bit more financially secure, things like
this and things like splitting the check just sort of stop being a problem or at least has
big of a problem. But I mean, if he knows that you don't have any money, how do you not know
what your friend's financial statuses are and then not put them in a situation
that makes them uncomfortable?
Yeah. Yeah, general rule. Hey, everybody out there, as it's getting to the time of year
when everyone's going on spring break together and college visits and everything,
stay to your friends beforehand. Like, hey, I'm going to need you to pony up some cash
afterwards. And don't do it like you're going to break their knees because they got a free ride.
But he was doing a favor. I mean, this should have been obvious. Like,
you were obviously doing him a solid by going on this trip and not making him go alone to go
college hunting, which will be a bummer. Also, side note, this guy's going to move five hours away.
That $20 isn't going to move five hours away. That $20 is just going to be gone.
Yeah.
So I think that if he wants to sever your friendship, that's his problem.
He also totally invited you. So it's a little sketchy to be like, hey, you want to go with me?
Oh, by the way, now that you want to come, it's going to cost you.
By the way, if you're going to split gas money, you got to do it tank by tank. And you fill up
one tank, he fills up the other tank. If you're going to split it, that's how you do it.
You don't fill up all the tanks and say, let me crunch some numbers real quick.
Do some mileage calculations.
Let me see it. With the mileage and the juice, you now owe me 65.
Large.
65 large. It's 65 large.
It's $65,000.
I drove there on plutonium, purest plutonium. What a dick.
My car is fueled by Justin Bieber's fingers. So that is very pricey.
Why is it his fingers? Did you see that fool?
Did you see that?
Did he do the funniest thing?
The fucking, Travis, did you see this?
No, what was it? I don't even find the exact quote. Hold on.
So Justin Bieber visited the Anne Frank house like you do.
Is this where your friend took you for a five-hour drive?
Because that's insane.
We're going to go to Anne Frank University.
That's a destination hot dog. You're going to love it there.
He went there and he had such a great time. It's very meaningful. It's a stirring experience.
One is struck at the Anne Frank Museum.
Um, and being so struck, Justin Bieber picked up pen, put it to the guestbook and wrote.
Truly inspiring to be able to come here. Anne was a great girl.
Hopefully she would have been a Belieber.
That almost sounds menacing, doesn't it?
Like if she knows what's good for her.
If she wasn't a Belieber, fuck that broad.
If she walked the true and honest path, then my love would have protected her.
Do you know what I think she would not have actually been a fan of?
Anything that emitted any kind of sound whatsoever that may betray her position.
She was a discreet young woman.
And I think that you screaming the word baby, like some sort of shrieking
mandragora would fucking put her sort of off a little bit.
The man wears giant sunglasses and gold gloves. Like she's trying to keep a low pro.
She's trying to skirt it under the under the raid.
And you are about as above the raid as there possibly is.
Plus she couldn't she wouldn't be able to help herself from screaming and just
grabbing at you, grabbing at your gins.
We're getting off topic.
We're getting off topic for the first time ever.
No, but this is a bet. This is a legitimately shitty move.
You weren't going you were going to try to help him out.
You were certainly like not this was not like a shared buddy trip.
I mean, I think I think that unless you're thinking about the college too, in which case,
like, I mean, I guess.
But even then, it seems kind of weanery because it wasn't discussed beforehand.
Like he blew it, you know, if he wanted that to be part of the arrangement,
he should have brought it up before.
I think that you are well within your rights to not necessarily be like,
uh, no, fuck you.
I'm not giving you half the money.
But to say, listen, man, I don't have that money,
but now I owe you a favor for the ride and I'll hit you back later.
You know what I mean?
And then it'll probably just drop and never be a thing again anyways.
You got to kill your friend.
You got to kill your friend.
You got to kill your friend.
Man, we haven't dropped one of those in a while, have we?
Listen, I've been watching a lot of Justify.
And when you don't got that money, you got to kill him.
You got to either kill him or like you got to trick somebody into getting the money
for you from some bank that apparently has been robbed 18 times.
The whole reason we have that Bob Ball disclaimer at the top of the show.
Thank you, Bob Ball.
So we can advise people to kill people as a joke and then we can't get sued for it.
And we are squandering that.
Hey, can I tangent off for a second, you guys?
Sure.
Sure.
I saw a commercial last night.
You know, those pass it on commercials where it's like integrity, pass it on,
you know, sportsmanship, pass it on.
I saw one.
Those are for Scientology, right?
Yeah.
I saw one last night where like a teacher is in a classroom and it's all these middle
school students and she's given a test and the kid starts passing a note.
So she rolls over, like pins down the note with her ruler and all the kids like, oh,
and she opens the note and it says, let's not cheat.
And she like looks at the kids and nods and the title comes up.
Honesty, pass it on.
Wait a minute.
The conspiracy is off.
Abort, abort.
But like, is the phrasing of that note not something that the teacher would go, wait,
hold up, wait.
So like until this moment, it was down.
Like, oh, you know what?
On second thought, guys, let's not cheat.
What a wonderful way of casting dispersions on your seatmate.
You want to pass him a note as I, on second, actually despite what you said.
I don't know what he's talking about.
No, I will not gay kiss your wiener.
Let me see that note.
No, I will not gay kiss your wiener.
Honesty, pass it on.
Todd, Todd.
This is an all girls school.
You're an absurdist comedian.
I think you're fantastic.
I think you're great.
I love your work.
Like a young Andy Kaufman.
You want a yahoo?
Yeah, please.
Uh, this yahoo.
Oh God, it's the Ira Ray show this week.
Um, hold on, I'll give it, I'll give it to you.
I'll give you the fucking prompt.
Okay.
This yahoo was sent by-
I want to make sure I'm ready.
This, oh fuck.
Are you going to warn me beforehand?
I'll say is I'll say the only prompt that you have, that we know that you've come to know
the relationship that we built.
I wasn't going to betray that.
This yahoo was-
Thank you.
This yahoo was sent by Ira Ray.
Wait, I wasn't ready.
I'm done.
Uh, thank you Ira Ray.
Just one, just give it, give it to me one more time.
This one was sent by Ira Ray.
Ira Ray, who wants to know?
How did you do that with your mouth?
You're going to have to pass it.
Can you pass into tabulature to, to that song?
Cause it sounded like you played a J shark.
It sounded like you played an R, R minor seventh.
It also sounded a little bit like you were just giving him like in Western movies.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.
Thank you.
Nope, that's not it.
Here it is.
It's not gonna-
Are you Ira Ray?
Sure, sure, sure, sure.
Thank you Ira Ray.
It's by yahoo interviewer Fairix who asks.
Please don't interrupt it because it's so good.
Okay.
How does one become the official Ronald McDonald?
I see that McDonald's uses basically one actor for all their media.
And just out of curiosity, was wondering how one goes about applying to be the Ronald McDonald.
Have checked out their website and it is never a job position open.
Not that I want to be him, but just was curious how someone would go about becoming.
First of all, horse shit.
Of course you want to be him.
Obviously everyone does who, who in their right mind would fucking look up to see if
that position was open.
If they weren't trying to be him.
Look up to see if that position was open if they weren't trying to fill it.
And you know you want to do it for the ladies.
Gentlemen, I have before me a list of all the actors who've ever played Ronald McDonald.
They only use one at a time.
Is this, is this for real?
Yes, I'm gonna ask you skill, skill testing questions about the actors who've played
Ronald McDonald.
First off, since 1963, how many actors do you believe have played Ronald McDonald?
Twelve.
Since 1963?
Yeah.
Six.
Incorrect, nine.
Nine.
Split the middle.
We would have fucking had it, Travis.
Let's work together on the rest.
Okay.
No, Travis, wait.
Let's not cheat.
I don't want to cheat anymore.
I probably, I came up with the idea first, but let's abandon that.
Let's abandon that.
I'm going to give you, I'm going to give you four names.
You're going to tell me whether or not they were actual actor, the name, the actual names
of actors that played Ronald McDonald.
Okay.
Jack the Pecky.
Okay.
Joe McGard.
Okay.
King Moody, Squire Fridell.
I'm going to say all are actual.
All are real.
King Moody played Ronald McDonald from 75 to 1984.
With a name like that, you simply cannot have a bad day.
I also imagine, I want that to not be his Christian name.
I want that to be like, he was sitting there going, I just need something to set me apart
from the other applicants.
Or like his wife was like, man, why are you so down all the time, King Moody?
And he's like, fucking stop digging.
You have struck gold, my lady.
I also want to point out how much Joe McGard sounds like, oh my God.
Joe McGard.
Joe McGard, you guys.
I am horrified of this person who walks into a McDonald's with Ronald McDonald clown makeup
and kit.
He's wearing his Ronald McDonald glad rags and he walks into a McDonald's like, here
I am.
Look no further.
Look no further, you found me.
Is this the audition zone?
Is that what they call those?
I'm ready to ace this thing.
I'm ready to ace this audition in the audition zone.
Sir, please get out of the ball pit.
Why not?
This is what this is what McD does.
This is what me, McDo.
He played the role.
King Moody played the role for like seven years.
It's insanity.
Yeah.
You know, I would like to see it like you see a list of like all the heavyweight champions
where it's like King Moody versus blank.
Because I think it's like a yearly thing.
Someone steps up and they're like, I'm ready to be the new Ronald.
And then you got to fight it out.
And then eventually someone displaces and that's how they become the new Ronald.
Who was the Ronald McDonald during our childhood?
Well, it was mainly Squire Fridell, I guess, who was who had the part.
Is there an active?
There's not an active agent right now, right?
He's asleep.
He's a sleeper.
No.
Brad Lennon is the active agent.
What the fuck?
I haven't seen a fucking Ronald McDonald in a commercial in a grip.
I actually really like-
Is he just a body that they did the cast of for the statue that sits out on the bench
with his arm around you?
And that is actually a coffin made just for him.
That's where he lies in wait.
Ready for the activation order.
Actually, if you click on the bio of Brad Lennon right now,
it takes you to the page for Ronald McDonald,
which is a very sort of Dread Pirate Roberts vibe that I enjoy.
By the way, guys, I conducted a survey among our listeners a couple of weeks ago
and they said their favorite thing is when Justin does internet on tape.
Who has the time to read the internet when Justin can just read the whole thing to you?
You know, someday I'm gonna get through the whole thing.
IMDB is so deep and it's like it would take me ages to read all of it.
Don't worry about it.
Don't worry about it.
Justin's got you for your car, for your kitchen, for your home.
I will read the internet to you anywhere.
Anywhere.
Anytime.
I hope to high heavens that McDonald's never does the thing that
I feel like a couple places have done it.
Wendy's is the latest transgressor where they take their mascot
and they turn it into a real human being with like real human being attributes
and then have them talk about how fun their food is.
Like Wendy's has-
Are you talking about that red haired girl?
It's a red haired girl and she's like a real girl now
and she's just like, you know, an attractive looking-
But you know what's funny?
I've never once seen a single Wendy's commercial though where she is called Wendy.
No, but come the fuck on.
There's clear-
Well, no, here's the troubling thing though about this commercial.
There's also a Wendy's commercial airing opposite that one that features actual Wendy
and she's an overweight middle-aged woman.
So that's gotta be hard to see that they've like recast you as the person you are.
They also have a Wendy's commercial in which the cartoon emblem of Wendy's speaks.
Yeah, I don't like that either.
So it's like a father, son, and holy ghost kind of thing that they've got going on
that's really creeping me out.
One of these Wendy's is gonna do it for you.
You will be able to beat it to one of these Wendy's.
I hope to Jesus, if you're a McDonald's executive
and you're listening to this episode of the podcast,
thank you for your patronage,
but also if you ever make a commercial featuring a Ronald McDonald who is not a clown,
can you imagine like a hip reinvention of Ronald?
He's like a 22-year-old hipster that just like talks about how fun it is to eat chicken dippers.
Well, I mean, he's carrot top.
If we bring him into the real, if we bring him out of cool world and into our world.
I referenced that movie the other day.
I said the cartoon movie with Brad Pitt that wasn't Roger Rabbit
and people thought I was fucking smoking crack.
Let me get with it.
Yep, get with the program.
How do you pick?
Okay, so the question, the pressing question.
Actually, how much when they pick a Pope,
they dig deep, right?
Like they have to get into his history.
You do that with the president when you're vetting your presidential candidate.
Like how deep do you have to go into the closet
of the man who will be playing the giant child befriending clown?
My opinion, my take on it, I bet it is like president vetting plus Pope times three.
Yeah.
Oh, it's gotta be.
Well, yeah, because how do you find a clown?
Because I imagine they're looking for former clown experience.
How do you find a clown that hasn't at least killed one kid?
Mm-hmm.
How do you do that?
Good luck.
How do you thread that needle?
You can't thread that needle.
You gotta like Captain America it and just take like a normal guy who hasn't been a clown
and then get Stanley Tucci to inject stuff in him.
How do you think clowns know what kids find so funny?
It's because they've cut them open.
They got inside there.
This is getting dark.
I don't know how Squire Fidel is so easily able to touch the heart of a child.
Yeah, because he knows like exactly where it is.
Exactly where the aorta starts.
Do you think at this point he's Knight Fidel?
I hope so.
Let's answer your question.
I'm fucking freaked out.
Oh, one other note about Squire Fidel super quick.
He was the Ronald McDonald in Mac and Me.
So if you've seen Mac and Me.
Please turn to side two.
I knew that one though.
I didn't know.
You didn't know shit.
Mac and Me only made back half of the budget.
Stop it.
Stop it, please.
You want another question?
Jesus.
Not Mac and Me related and not from Wikipedia.
Is that what you're telling me?
Yes.
At the college dorm in which I resided for the past semester,
there is a shared set of washing machines and dryers for students usage in the building basement.
While my laundry is washing, I'll generally spend time up in my room or chatting with friends.
However, if I'm away from my clothes for any amount of time they are done in the wash,
it's likely another resident will remove my clothes, place it on top of the washing machine,
and set their own clothes to wash.
This happens also when I use the dryer and my friends have all tested the same.
Am I mistaken in thinking this is a violation of my right not to have my underwear viewed publicly
and touched by foreign hands or am I just being oversensitive?
What should I do to prevent this from happening again?
Not a nudist in New England.
There's a really easy solution.
Yeah.
To keep this from happening again.
And that's fucking just take your shit out of the shit when it's done.
Because people are busy too.
Other people are busy.
I would also ask, kind of the one factor is it depends on the size of the laundry room.
Is this like you guys share one set of washer and dryer
or there's like 20 sets of washer and dryer and someone's just being an asshole?
I mean, it's obviously-
Wait, is your question, someone will see an empty washing machine,
see a full one of your clothes and say, well, fuck that guy.
You know what?
At my college in my dorm, there were sets of washers and dryers that people just wouldn't use
because they all had different opinions of like,
oh no, it takes way too long to dry in those and it won't get it all the way done
and that washer smells weird.
So yeah, there would be like people had favorite washers and dryers that they would do that.
That's fucking bonkers.
It was.
And then I saw one time like somebody put tennis shoes in a fucking dryer.
Oh.
I'm like, just destroy it.
How's that-
Destroy the dryer.
How's that potpourri spreading?
Yeah, let's heat these up.
Let's get the funk out of these.
And they like duct taped the dryer shut because like, you know, it would knock the door open.
It was the fucking stupidest thing.
You are living under the assumption that everybody in your dorm is a pervert
and that they will, like when they are taking your poopy boxers out of the washer,
they're like looking at them and just like, oh God, yes, this is just how I wanted to spend my Tuesday
is touching something that has touched a complete stranger's bung.
This is just what I needed.
Even that sexual, the sexual evidence has been erased by washing.
Exactly.
You can't even trick yourself and the thing is there's some still young-
And they are soaking wet.
Oh.
There's young fresh bung butter on there somewhere.
Oh God.
God.
You fool.
This is exactly what I-
You fool butthole.
If there's anything I love touching more than strangers undergarments,
it's when they're also moist.
Fuck.
No, it's gross and it's kind of rude.
And you did it.
It's your fault.
And you did it.
Just go downstairs and wait to open, like wait to do that.
Find out how long-
If your complaint is, man, I hate waiting for my laundry to be done.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, everybody.
Everybody does.
You know what people also hate?
Waiting to start doing their laundry, waiting to wait for their laundry to be done
because somebody left their shit in the shit.
Just take it out.
Set a timer now.
That said, I'm going to tell you how to do it.
Okay.
And I've never done this before but it occurred to me and I think it would work.
And it requires that when you put your laundry in the machine,
no one else is in there.
Okay.
Okay, you're going to pop a sign the same size as the window of the washer and dryer
that says out of order.
Oh, okay.
Your shit is done and people come downstairs.
They're like, oh, well, that one doesn't work.
And they're going to leave your shit alone.
Let's just hope they don't come in while it's-
It's all fucking functioning.
Even then, my point being that it will put a seed of doubt in their minds and they're like,
well, someone put their clothes in, but what if it is like,
you're not supposed to, you know, burn their clothes there to like,
make their clothes smell like dookie.
Well, then why don't you put more, make it more specific
and put a sign on it that says like, this is super hot.
It'll cook your clothes.
Or if you just put a sign up on the dryer that just says, is a microwave.
Do you like that?
That would be pretty good.
The first time that you go to leave your washing or drying unattended
and you put jelly on the handle, then you went,
you went, if you could, ideally you would be waiting in an adjacent washing machine.
You could just pop out and there's jelly.
Justin just fucking went through college with a bandolier of Vaseline around it,
just dishing out justice.
Like, you parked a little close to my car.
Let me just-
Vaseline might be more pleasant though.
Like, if you have jelly on your hands, that's like your whole day.
Oh, syrup, syrup.
Oh, syrup fucking forms a bio fuse with your hand.
It melds with your DNA.
Or like, poop.
Come on, Trav.
What?
I-
Come on.
A logical conclusion.
Come on.
You're right.
How do you get poop from your butt to the handle of the washing machine?
We were talking about like, things you can put on pancakes and then you-
Just some jinx, man.
Not like-
We're talking about hijinks, not like fucking federal prison.
Goddamn, for butts.
God, Trav.
Fuck.
Listen, I feel awful.
You really shot the cannon indoors on this one, Trav.
I feel awful.
Yeah.
Do you guys want Yahoo?
Yeah, I do actually.
Oh, this is such a great segue.
This one was sent in by Ira Ray.
Are you Ira Ray?
Who wants to know?
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Bob, who asks,
how to hurt someone stole your money.
Someone stole $20 from me and I know they will try again.
I was thinking of putting a mousetrap in my pocket,
so the next time they try to take it, pop, ow.
Yep.
Should I do this?
Couldn't backfire at all.
Should I do this or something else to cause more harm?
I want to have evidence, but I don't want to ruin my pants in the process.
Maybe a needle?
Indian ideas?
What?
Indian-
Any ideas?
Okay.
Okay, wait.
Okay, so they had a $20 bill in their pocket.
They noticed the $20 bill had gone astray and they thought that what had happened was
someone had reached into their pants pocket and taken a $20 bill out.
This same person has a sort of fundamental misunderstanding of just mousetrap physics.
Or just physics, just spatial physics in general.
Unless you're wearing some fucking jinkos, unless you're sporting those jinkos,
you could put a fucking landmine.
You could put a claymore in those things and it would be fine.
Some jinkos come with landmines.
That's actually the best answer.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Fred who says,
go to Walmart, buy duct tape and several PVC pipes, oil, and glass.
Also buy a radio and a receiver.
Put the oil and shards of glass inside the PVC pipes and close up the ends with duct tape.
Once you do this, put a radio receiver on each PVP pipe.
Use your radio to set off the pipes once you put them in and around his house.
The result of this-
That didn't make any- what?
The result of this is that he will die.
That's how you get back at him, smiley face.
Source?
Ex-Marine.
Yes!
Oh, Ex-Marine, you've solved the problem so elegantly.
Whiskey Tango Fox try.
Come on, Ex-Marine, Ex-Marine.
The one ingredient you left out of your explosive device is any kind of explosive.
Well, they said oil.
So like, you know how whenever you are on a walkie talkie and you send a message to
one of your friends and it electrocutes them a little bit?
Just a bit.
And it's fine-
God forbid they be anywhere near any kind of oil.
I saw this happen on Mythbusters.
It's fine.
I think that if you are building a solution to a problem, if you're constructing a solution
to a problem, chief among the requirement for it to be a valid solution is that it does
not kill you in the process.
And I think that you are really robbing Peter to pay Paul for this one because you will die.
Well, it'd be great too, though, if you destroyed his house and he just barely survives and
looked at you and was like, why did you do this?
I'm like, because you took that $20 out of my pocket.
You mean the $20 that is now glass covered, burning ash across the highway?
That used to be your asshole?
That was a full King Solomon.
You just like destroyed it so neither of you could have it to prove that you love that
$20 bill more.
The butt surgery you require tragically is going to cost much, much more than that.
And then after all is said and done, you remember that like you loaned him that $20 when you
were drunk.
I think you got to put a plastic bag in there and you put some sort of some sort of material
on there that just cover your $20 in Vaseline.
Yeah.
Or maybe if there was God, if there was some sort of some sort of secure, some sort of
way to secure your wallet, like to your body that would look cool and also kind of tough
and sort of like let people know what kind of music you listen to.
What if the material you put in your pocket that gets on his hand is some sort of bioluminescent
marking fluid that signals the drone strike attack?
This is that is predicated on you also having access to Drone Sex Marines.
I also though I would counterpoint by saying that it's important that whatever solution
you come up with costs less than $20.
Why don't you just kill them with this drone strike that cost me $20,000 worth of $20,000?
Worth it.
Or just start carrying around $10 bills and then they get they go through all the work
to pickpocket you and they say what it's a 10 and you turn around and say enjoy enjoy
the $10 bill it's half of the haul you thought this isn't pretty good.
Well then you just turn around and go in this economy and then you kick them in the face.
Yeah you say that doesn't fix anything.
I got a soda outside of the ATB because I was just parched and I put in $2 for the $1.25
charge for the soda.
It was a wild cherry Pepsi so I was pretty excited.
It's rare that I treat myself to a wild cherry Pepsi and the fucking machine spat out seven
dimes and a nickel and I just I swear to God I just turned and walked away from it.
I said nope that's going to be some that's going to someone's going to enjoy that but
it's that's not for me seven times a nickel that's not for me thanks three quarters and
then we can fucking talk about it.
What if you have big enough pockets right and you just converted it $20 into like into
dimes or like nickels and like somebody went to pickpocket you and they're just like what
the fuck I'm gonna be here all day.
I'll tell you an element that would help to set this goof off if there was some coin
smaller than nickels.
Listen I didn't want to get ridiculous okay Justin two thousand pennies you wouldn't be
able to walk.
Yes you would and your fucking ginko jeans it's like you haven't watched Dawson's Creek.
You would have to triple belt it.
Oh god.
Let's go to the money zone.
Seeing you stealing money.
Happy belated birthday to Adam Rhodes from Marlena.
His b-day was March 1st.
You missed it by a bit.
Missed it by a skosh.
Here's the thing though this is not Marlena's fault.
We done fucked up.
What did we do?
Jumbotron 5000 our robot our robot Jumbotron 5000 blew up.
He had it he was working on his new Daft Punk album and he messed this one up so.
He lost track of time.
We are very sorry about that.
Running walking going to the store and buy.
Oh wait fuck what day is it?
Ah fuck oh shit I missed her birthday again.
Is he gonna call and apologize?
Of course not.
No he leaves that to us.
The third member of Daft Punk is just a drunk deadbeat dad.
I forgot to pick you up from soccer practice oh no.
Today tonight we will go getting ice cream from the Baskin Robbins at 7 30.
After your sister gets home from ballet.
This was a goldfish that I left in my van and now it's dead.
But I thought you'd like it anyways.
I thought you'd like it anyway.
Either way you learn about real life.
So happy birthday to Adam.
He's officially in his mid-20s.
He's an old man and Marlena says she hopes that this year brings you a wonderful balance of success
and fun.
So we are sorry that we messed this up by six weeks and we're very sorry.
I'm turning 26 this week and I was debating.
What?
Yeah am I gonna be in my mid or late 20s?
Mid.
Mid.
When does it cross over like 20?
First three years is early 20s mid three years is mid 20s last three years is late 20s.
Okay you got an extra year there.
Travis is telling himself that because he's about to turn 30.
That's correct.
Dirty 30 though.
Yeah.
Flirty 30.
I'm gonna buy myself a Jumbotron message.
Squirty 30?
No.
No.
So Travis we got any other messages?
Yes.
They're on the paper in front of you.
I know that you know that there are.
Do you want me to read them?
Yeah just one of them.
Okay.
This next message-
I'm watching you read two simultaneously.
That would be a real time saver.
I can try.
This next message is for Calvin and it is from Maria.
And Maria wants to wish Calvin happy 30th birthday Calvin.
Calvin is my sexy nerdy best boyfriend.
Well I hope he's also your only boyfriend.
Yeah.
I went with her.
Why aren't you down with-
You know what you're right Griffin in this day and age.
I hope that she has several wonderful boyfriends but Calvin is the best hands down.
Yeah I mean regardless of how it shakes out that's kind of rude I think.
Calvin's the highlighter he's on top.
I bet he is.
Sexy.
He introduced her to my brother my brother and me on a road trip from Vancouver to Montana.
And you still bring this 30-year-old man to tears laughing.
I think that's once to us.
Oh that's hard to tell.
Semantically I'm confused.
Support for my brother my brother me comes from audible.com provider of digital audiobooks and
more if you want to listen to it audible has it with more than 100,000 downloadable titles
including fiction non-fiction and periodicals you will find just what you're looking for.
My brother my brother me listeners might enjoy Packing for Mars by friend of the Family Mary
Roach for a free audiobook of your choice and a free 30-day trial membership go to audiblepodcast.com
slash my brother that's audiblepodcast.com slash all one word my brother.
Yeah she's got a new book coming out.
It's out I got it for Sydney.
Oh gulp gulp gulp.
It's all about the things that happen.
It's all about big beverages.
I'm gonna drink it now.
This spring Mary Roach gets refreshed.
Some people like Sprite but I prefer Sierra Mist chapter two.
Brace your brace your bladders we're we're getting 42 ounces of learning into this chapter.
Did you know you can drink things with your vagina chapter three.
Speaking of which there's only one way to get liquidated.
In your vagina I bet and that's with a toy from extremistraints.com not a toy.
It's not a toy you know what I mean toy a screwdriver isn't a toy.
It is a tool that is that is used for a purpose to achieve a goal.
It's all for play.
It's all for fun.
I've never once heard someone say like I'm gonna go buy myself a new sex tool.
Well that's because it's a toy.
I've never once heard someone say like I'm gonna go buy myself a new sex tool well that's because they don't understand.
The word toys appears no fewer than 13 times on the front page of extremistraints.com.
I don't think you know what they don't want to scare people off but orgasms is work.
You know what I mean.
Hey are you sitting down for some sex work.
Extremistraints.com is an adult superstore you might remember them from donating the lube you've been using if you're a maximum fun member but now they're they've they're they're coming for all of your holes with things like the Zeus Deluxe digital power box.
I don't know what it does.
I don't think anyone does.
I think it is digital.
It's not like it's not a puzzle box that you solve and then pleasure demons come and tear your sack apart.
It looks like an off-brand Taiwanese Gameboy.
So I don't think it's that.
It does have optional penis bands if you okay I'm getting it.
Starting to understand how the simple machines interact.
There's a pulley involved.
You put your dick on a wedge.
So thank you to extremistraints.com if you go to the site and use the coupon code.
What is it?
What is it now?
This is what I was fucking afraid of.
It's not sexy Garfield.
Sexy Garfield's been compromised.
Sexy Garfield has been compromised.
Fanny time.
Fanny time.
Fanny time.
Fuck.
Fuck and I did absolutely 100% someone tweeted with MBNBAM and the hashtag Fanny time and I absolutely blocked them from the member of the member of the meme account and my personal account.
Yeah.
That person is dead to me.
I called out like four or five people.
Yeah.
Fucking.
And one person literally said I just want to see if Griffin was paying attention.
We told you not to do that.
Oh actually jokes on him I definitely didn't see that one.
So fuck that guy.
Seriously guys, that's the worst
Please hey. Hey guys. Can you do me a favor and
Not do the opposite of this thing
Yeah, internet fart
It's the fucking it's the fucking internet equivalent of making armpit farts so stop it stop it cut it out
Hi, I'm homosexual Brian Safi and I'm feminazi Aaron Gibson and we host throwing shade
Where we take a weekly look at all the issues important to ladies and gays and treat them with much less respect than they deserve
It's for gay people. It's for straight people
It's for ladies
It's for people who love to laugh who love comedy and love tragedy and love crime and who hate drinking and driving because that's messed up
Don't text check out throwing shade
Subscribe for free in iTunes or go to maximum fun org
Here's another question
Hey brothers three
When I have a bunch of people over to drink at my house, and I wake up before them in the morning
What am I allowed to do can I clean do I have to stay as silent as possible?
That's from the hungover host in st. Paul so these parties that you haven't
Why aren't we invited?
I like this question by the way. I'm this is me all over. I like to wake up early
I don't care if I am hungover. Yeah, I'll power through yeah, you know you're actually if you're hungover
You're more likely to wake up early
um no you clean you clean you don't worry about staying silent because nothing is better than like fucking tearing shit up and getting
real raw and rowdy and
Then you wake up at the morning to a fucking sparkling lemon fresh house
And if you can be the person that facilitates that you're gonna own earn a lot of social capital among your friend
I would I think they're asking like do I need to stay quiet so I don't worry about waking up my drunk
No, no, no if they can't sleep through it, then they're not really hungover. It's a catch-22
They must not have been that tired in the first place
I feel like there's a certain amount of like unspoken social contract where it's like hey if you crash after we just have a wild
Party and trashes my house if you crash on my couch
You help clean up the next day doesn't it seem a little passive-aggressive though to awaken to the party host like oh, no
No stay comfortable
No running a dust buster over your dusty from cleaning up yourself mess
You don't want me to throw up on my dad, but no, please
Stay you look so cozy like a snug bug in a rug
The bigger tactical error that you've made here is if you have a party where everybody's drinking is that your house?
The only best thing you can do is you have to you have to clean up
While you're drunk because you will not it is like a it's like walking
You know walking when you're drunk is like teleporting you think to yourself
I'm gonna go to this place, and then the next thought you have is hey. I'm at this place. That was amazing
That's what cleaning when you're drunk is like because you don't the time does not grate on you. You don't feel it
You're just like in manual. You know you're in you're in autopilot
Why is that coffee table in the front yard?
Shut shut up shut up. I cleaned it clean
This floor was dirty all over it and so I clean I there's more room now has anyone seen the cat
Oh, she cleaned it. That's shit. You tore the ceiling fan out of the ceiling yeah for a ceiling bocce ball
Cleaned it got in the way of ceiling bocce if you're if you're genuinely worried about this just put a put a pan of bacon on
You put a pan of bacon on nobody's gonna be upset about waking up
Everyone's gonna wake up like fucking Wayne Brady and that Folgers commercial like fucking doing little twirls down the hall
ready to roll
I'm still BAC one two one
But I don't fucking care. Yeah, hand me that poem all of let's get real
Let's go. Let's go mr.. Clean on this bitch
Hey, I barfed in the mop water is it it's probably cash, right?
It's probably not good to go anymore right should probably swap that out
Listen, I gotta go to the hospital and get a saline drip. I am NOT gonna come back from this on my own
Do you think fucking bacon the baking council?
We're like a day away from publishing that first commercial that was like the best part of waking up
He's bacon and then fucking Folgers heard they fucking spied on it. It was like we were gonna
Go with the second best thing cuz I mean that's where we fall in the hierarchy
But let's scoop him is there bacon flavored coffee no, but there yeah, I'm sorry. Yes. There is I'm sorry
There's big ironic ironic small business owners
There's at least one that was like fuck it put bacon in it. I think if someone made me Folgers
No as opposed to the being the best part waking up that would actually be the worst thing
They could do for me to me cuz then like I have to drink it
Yeah, I have to drink their Folgers and like you're a Brazilian shit
Right if your coffee comes in a tub bigger than your head you probably are not eating having that gourmet stuff
It's probably not the good stuff. I didn't know that's what you do
I didn't I didn't realize we've gotten so far above our raising Jesus Justin. It's not like instant
But you know I don't think that's what we're working with, but I you know Justin. I'm down here in the real America
Drinking my blue collar just hard-working American from your from your ivory tower in West, Virginia
You could you think you're above everyone
God do you guys even grind your own whole bean coffee? Don't you yeah absolutely?
I know with a bird with the bird coffee grinder. I grind exactly what I need that morning, and I and I and I
Cook it that way you sound like a Frenchman. I
Do like a French roast. I knew it. That's my jam, too
Oh, but I get it from but I get it from HEB. Which is like fucking
Do you get whole bean or you get ground I?
oscillate I
Switch it sometimes
Getting pre-chewed pizza. Yeah, that's the same thing okay?
But whole bean coffee is weaker than pre-ground that doesn't make any sense. Well, okay. You know you have to grind it
This doesn't taste like anything
Sometimes I just eat spoonfuls of coffee just to wake up cuz I'm American what if you jerk off every morning and
Like before you do anything else
You think that becomes the best part of
The best part of waking up is beating it the best in a cup
The best part of waking up is folgers in your cup unless you jerk off every morning before you drink
You folgers it also is somebody making bacon because it could pretty much be number three
Hey brothers three what I have a bunch of people over to drink at my house
And I wake up before them in the morning. What am I allowed to do kind of masturbate or just a silent spa?
Can I masturbate or cook bacon?
You cook the bacon the crackle of the bacon's fat
Provides it provides a smoke screen an audio smoke screen for you to jerk behind
And then the jerking and forgetting that you're cooking the bacon provides a literal smoke screen
Because there's a grease fire in your house worth it though trust me
No one is going to be upset if you wake them up from their hangover sleep because of a grease fire. We gotta get out
Give me like 45 more seconds
You guys want yahoo I do
This yahoo is sending by Caleb Osteen. Thank you Caleb. It's by yahoo answers user Steve Jansen who asks
What song would you listen to on route to eliminate bin Laden?
Now I'm just being a little foolish granted
I'm sure those seals were way too busy to be listening to music having said that I had to ask after hearing about Obama
Coming out to the press dinner to Hulk Hogan's real American did that happen?
I don't remember that so what song would you kick bin Laden's blank blank blank to?
I'm just glad that this person acknowledges their whimsy beforehand if it's not
Christmas shoes
To get real you want to get the world stop turning
What are you even doing cuz you listen to Christmas shoes?
And you think why did his mom have to be so sick on Christmas?
And then you also then you make the leap to it was probably bin Laden's fault, and then it's a vengeance a Christmas shoes vengeance case
Because you put on your your Christmas shoes to put a boot in his ass mm-hmm. I would listen to the theme from night court
You would not see that coming
Yeah, it's got to be the theme to like growing pains or something like that. It's got to be
Well I need something to like remind me of what's so great about America
And there's nothing greater than the fact that Alan thick wrote a theme song for his own television show now
Yes, he is Canadian. I will give you that I will I will see that point to you. I think I would compose my own song
How would that go trap I think just I don't know because I would have to be inspired by the moment
But I'm saying as I take I assume a chopper of some kind sitting in a chopper with my best friends
on a mission from a god
My best friend is really a gun
He's always been there for me. It's jump by van halen a little gauche
I feel like if I if I was bumping that so loud through my maximum fun earbuds
That I got through the max fun drive and like my compatriots heard it
They would look at me like come on man have a little respect for the guy
I know I think the appropriate song is no diggity by Blackstreet
What song are you guys most embarrassed?
That gets you psyched up on
Unironically pumped by what that would be gold Trans Am by Kesha
And then ironically I said oh yeah completely unironically. I'm a huge Kesha fan. Does that get you like pumped though?
Yeah, if I can get it's the fucking jam
Okay
So that gets you and it's all about America like she references fucking like Lynyrd Skynyrd and shit in there like magic carpet ride
I really like
That Harlem Shake song except. I like everything before
That drop I like everything like the build-up is so great and the drop
I feel like kind of lets me down a little bit. I usually just stop those videos right there
I really don't get that I don't get it. I don't get it
It's more fun to stop it before it gets the drop and just pretend like it's a person only I can see
Yeah, and no one else in the room is aware of that person's presence. Sometimes I'll listen to the streak
While you're killing Osama bin Laden, yeah, that's like that's like my that's what gives me a murder boner if you're gonna listen
I mean if you're gonna listen to
What's that motherfucker's name? Ray Stevens if you're gonna listen to a Ray Stevens song about
While you're killing Osama bin Laden. Yeah, why would you not listen to Osama yo mama? I know it's the obvious
It's the obvious choice. I I don't know. I'll tell you what I wouldn't listen to is the soundtrack to Zero Dark Thirty snooze fest
Where's the fucking?
Where's the right? Where's the trit? You know what I mean?
You want like one and like even if it's just one tune
like a suit song when they tried to tie for true shred as soon as Andy Dwyer puts two in his chest I
Want it to be like fucking got him for freedom and like that's the only part of that movie where something like that happens
Especially if it was just that just a musical sting
So motion as he fell to the floor like take that for 9-eleven you dick and then that's
Yeah, that's a cut to black don't and then it got nominated for best song. Don't look Ethel. They call him the street
Tarzan
Selma got run over by a reindeer
You would have to change the ending of that movie for that song to work there cuz it's yeah, it's Christmas is when it happened
God, wouldn't that be the best Christmas present of all?
Said the world's greatest evil perpetrator got this take care of
What if they called that movie taking care of business
And he's like well TCB going back to Pawnee and
Then but they can't play taking care of business because the rights are too expensive
They belong to office man. They belong to office took care of business
You're the one the business man the second song on Ray Stevens a summer
Yo mama album is called hang up and drive. I bet that's fucking funny
Don't you think that that's probably a pretty funny song?
I just want to say how proud I am of Ray Stevens for really taking on the hard-hitting issues. Yeah, he's fighting. He's fighting
Irrelevance with every bone in his body. You can't ban my plastic bags
There's a plastic bag ban in Austin, I don't know maybe it hasn't reached you you fucking gas
guzzling
cold
Chuggers, so this has been my brother my brother me
It's an advice show for for the era in which we live now, which is to say the modern one
Thank you so much for taking the time to listen and and spending an hour with us
It always it always makes us really happy that you do that. Do you know thanks in Twitter's?
Do we get did we get that anybody tweeted us everybody tweeted at us Matthew Johnson Santa Eric
Baden Martin, Drew Davenport, Tyler Matheson, Alan Helterman, Reuben Keller
David Meowie a foster Justin Schill. Thank you to everybody tweeting about NBNBAM
use the hashtag of
NBNBAM and
We it means a lot to us. Oh throw in the link to our sampler if you can bit.ly forward slash
It's my boom BAM. Oh, I want to thank I want to thank Blue Shirt
I want to thank blues travel. Holy shit. Yes
I want to thank blues traveler for talking about how to go down on a woman on Twitter to us
If you can just like I want to keep this I really want to keep this blues traveler dialogue
I had I had a dream like a field of dreams dream about a live show featuring us and blues traveler
Mm-hmm. If you could we could just like keep the line open
If you could send a link to at blues underscore traveler and then I think another underscore
I don't think they could secure. No, no, no, they got blues underscore traveler. Just send a link to our
Send a link to our sampler to them. Let's just see if we can't get them
Let's just sort of test the waters a little bit
I would also like to point out that Justin has more Twitter followers than blues traveler
Wow, just what that's Justin did write the mid 90s hit hook
He did write run around. Oh, no, wait
That was loose travel. I got him confused again
See, um, so a lot, you know now that max fun drive is done
There's we got so much exciting shit coming up at max maximum fun, you know
We got max fun con coming up this summer
The Atlantic comedy and music festival
But also throwing shade just announced a ton of live shows happening in the next like two or three months
They got one coming up April 28th in Philadelphia
And then some all through June in Oregon, Washington, California
Minnesota and Illinois, so make sure you check that out
Go to maximum fun org for all the ticket information and to order tickets and everything. I want to do that. I
Know I want to do a tour. I want to do it, too
But if I could tour and like just do six shows in Cincinnati, yeah
That'd be great gonna be like a reverse tour where everybody comes to Cincinnati
That'll be dope because I live here. Yeah, I need my stuff is everyone can tour to Cincinnati
And why wouldn't you it's like it's like the staycation of comedy tours and that's the name of the tour
I want to thank John Roderick and the long winters for the use of our theme song
It's a departure off the album putting the days to bed. God. I mean, what is there to what is there to say?
What is there to say that hasn't been said? I believe it was Einstein that said everything's been said already
They're the best. I don't Roderick is the Ray Stevens of our time. He is God. Don't look helpful. That's the truth. What about a
A cover album Ray Stevens cover album by the long winters and we can call it the long steam
This final Yahoo answer was sent in by Ira Ray
Okay
Spy Yahoo, it's his user purple
Yeah, is it possible to break your titty bone my brother my brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
You
You maximum fun.org comedy and culture artists owned listener supported
