The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everyone. Welcome to my brother, my brother, mean advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your babiest brother, Griffin McElroy. The countdown is on in just seven days.
Boop. What's in seven days? 420.
Oh, I get it. That's the weed number. Countdown to weed day.
It'll be nice when everyone's finally allowed to have some weed for once.
Is it bad that 420 this year falls on a Sunday?
Not only off Sunday, it's the Sunday.
It's the most Sunday-ass Sunday there is, Easter Sunday.
It's a very Sunday, Sunday.
I think you would feel bad about blazing it.
Hey, what if you saw the Easter bunny and when he came down to your chimney, he was like,
are you going to blaze one? Because it's 420. And you were like, yeah, I am.
He took off the Easter bunny hat and he was Willie Nelson the whole time.
That motherfucker loves eggs.
I haven't weeded ever. Dad, stop listening. In a long time, I haven't had weed.
But when I did, I used to make things out of Starbursts.
I used to smush them. Well, you could smush them together.
And there's a picture on Facebook a long time ago.
I may have removed it at this point of me and I made a horse out of Starbursts.
Yes, that infatuation began a long, long time ago.
And then I'm just sort of putting my mouth over it
as it stands triumphantly on a table and I would party on that.
So I think about this convergence of a day of the year where Starbursts are deployed
in massive numbers.
And then also you get to chief on some gangadank on the side.
If you think about it, it really is a perfect pairing of the two holidays
because it's the only time in which you're going to be fulfilled eating peeps.
Well, it's a miraculous it is actually a miraculous confluence.
Like it should always land on the same day.
Do you guys remember that one year that Ecstasy Day,
which everybody knows is the 51st Tuesday of the year
and Christmas at the same time?
And it's just like the lights.
That plant has lights in and around it.
I get super, super quiet when I when I X out.
So everybody make sure you get your candy and then get your candy for 420
because it's coming and you know that I'm going to celebrate it
like I do every Easter watching Mythbusters with my wife's grandparents.
When are they going to do an Obamacare episode?
I am in need of some witty responses to people I've just met.
The problem is that I have a highly unusual name.
So much so that I've had to pull out ID to prove it's actually my name.
And when I meet new people, I usually get a comment or compliment
about how they like my name.
It's always been awkward for me.
So recently I've started responding with thanks.
I got it for my birthday.
It gets a good response.
Oh, I like that.
I know this line will get old after a while.
So please, brothers, I need some comic genius to come up with new responses.
Fancy.
Yes, it's my real name.
I mean, can you beat them to the punch?
Like when you say, like, my name's Fancy, so this is your one chance.
Don't let me down.
Yeah, I mean, that is I think probably the joke.
All three of us were planning on.
I decided to execute it faster.
I mean, yeah, yeah.
And without any sort of real punch line.
It's more isn't that song about a prostitute.
No, it could be applied to all manner professions.
I always thought it was more like a sort of a geisha host situation.
Yeah, and he was offering the girlfriend experience.
There's no sex exchange.
That's never made.
That's never writ large.
That there is a sexual favors exchange.
She says, just be nice to the gentleman fancy and they'll be nice to you.
I assume she means to offer the girlfriend experience in some sort of Japanese host bar.
It also says, don't give up the butt fancy, though.
In the second, I said not until the fifth date.
In the second bridge, it says, here's your one chance fancy.
Don't give up that butt.
And then that's in the live edit, not in the studio version.
In the earlier EP, in Reba's first EP, there was a lot of anal.
Don't give up the butt for less than three big.
Three big?
Three big.
That's $300.
That's not very big.
I can think of way bigger things than that.
What?
No, three large is 3000.
Three big is 300.
What's three huge?
Three million.
Three is three.
It's three dollars.
Just three dollars.
That is not a fancy price for a butt.
When you tell people your name is fancy and they doubt it, can you say something like,
oh, it's short for fanserson?
Can you correct yourself and be like, oh, I'm sorry, I meant Nancy?
And then just walk away.
Did I say fancy?
It's short for Nancy.
My name is Fnancy.
It's an F apostrophe N, like a Lovecraft name or something.
Can you clarify afterwards?
You know, like the ketchup.
Fancy style.
You don't know some fancy style ketchup.
Sure.
Fancy ketchup.
Yeah, you don't ever want plain style ketchup.
It's just red water.
Fancy, fancy, fancy, fancy, fancy.
It's a fun name to say.
Oh, oh, Griffin, you just made me think of something.
Maybe just say your name so much that it loses all meaning.
Oh, my God.
And they can't know if I guess you.
Maybe you said they go, it's Fancy, Fancy, Fancy, Fancy, Fancy, Fancy, Fancy, Fancy.
You could become-
And then they walk away and you lose face.
Yeah, you could become the president of our United States of America
and then that name would be sort of the same concept,
like the name would be so normalized at that point because it's like-
Right.
You know what I mean?
Like you guys-
Like there had to be an uptick of like Baracks.
Yeah, or like-
Barack Obama.
At the very least, like when somebody names a kid Barack,
it's not like the Mortal Kombat fighter.
Like, no, that's Baraka, stop it.
Gear shit together.
Here's your one chance, Fancy, don't let me down.
Okay, I don't know what to tell Fancy.
That's a tough call.
I really like saying it.
I know, I do too.
Fancy, Fancy, Fancy, Fancy, Fancy, Fancy, Fancy, Fancy, Fancy, Fancy, Fancy, Fancy, Fancy, Fancy.
Okay.
Which episode of our Brother of a Brother should I start with?
Try 196.
They say Fancy over and over again for three minutes.
What if, okay, here's what you do.
Tell them your name is Fancy.
And when they're like, Fancy, say, well, that's my middle name.
And I go by that.
And then they say, what's your first name?
And I want you to say Exquisite.
I'm Exquisite Fancy Delight.
That's my name.
Sounds like a cat food brand, but it's not.
It's a name for me.
It's a name for me.
I got it for my birthday.
And then they'll be too busy laughing.
I'm a 20 year old Australian man.
And I recently got my first credit card, having been using debit to pay for things since I was 16.
Growing up, I have seen friends and family get into all sorts of nasty trouble and don't want this to happen to me.
What is some advice you can give me to avoid poor spending decisions and build my credit rating without being swallowed by debt?
Much love, credit concern in Sydney and hotching, have you ever come to the right place?
For, I mean, don't make, don't paint this all out to be like fucking debtors.
We didn't all fall in that Venus flag trap.
Two of the three of us are really bad at credit.
Here, let me break this down for apparently the question asker and my two older brothers.
If you have five dollars, you can spend five dollars on your credit card at the very maximum.
Probably don't because you'll probably need some of that money for other things.
But if you just have the five, then don't spend six.
Here, here's, I was taught this by my wife where she is much smarter than me.
And here's what you do.
You put an auto debit on your credit card for like a phone bill or your gas bill or your electric bill,
and then an auto debit at the end of the month on your credit card to pay it off with your debit card.
So a bill that you were already going to pay with your debit card,
you pay with your credit card and then you just pay that off at the end of every month.
If you have an open account, don't close it.
If you have a card that you're not going to use anymore, don't close the account.
Just leave it open because again, that's more available credit, which is good for you.
Travis's suggestion, well really, let's be honest,
Teresa's suggestion is a good one.
I use that for some subscription things just to keep the credit rolling.
Here's a helpful suggestion from Travis from my life experience.
Buy, invest in hams.
Don't invest in hams, Travis.
When you, when you charge things to your credit card,
remember that you owe the credit card people money and don't forget to pay it for months on end.
That's great.
Yeah.
That's great advice.
Remember to pay your credit card bill.
Don't forget.
Don't fuck up because-
Don't be a fuck up.
Don't be a fuck up because I, that's what I did.
I like, I did live the first-
Can you drop 25 years of my life just not believing that it would catch up?
No, I completely agree.
I was trying, I was taking that like Tim McGraw song literally.
Like I was spending-
It wasn't even out yet.
It wasn't out yet.
I was still like, I was investing in the production of that record.
Like that's how bad it was.
Like, yeah, I'll pay for you to make a CD, Tim.
What's it called?
Live Like You're Dying?
I approve.
I was, I mean, I got in really bad trouble like with credit card and I ran up a huge bill
and then I couldn't pay it.
And it seemed like this is how to get shit.
Cause they've, they extended, basically I signed up for a credit card.
This is how fucked our country is and me.
I'm not going to take the blame for this.
I signed up for a credit card at a Reds game to get a free hat.
And my parents were like, I guess.
And I was 16.
Okay.
Sounds like a lot of people fucked up in this situation.
Yes.
Everybody's-
A hat to ruin the rest of your life?
Yeah, sure.
Cool hat though.
Great hat.
Is this snapback?
By the time I was in college and working 15 hours a week at Best Buy.
No big deal.
Sorry.
15 hours a week at Babbage's.
Why do you need a credit card?
You have all the money in the world.
Well, good news.
My credit limit was extended to $5,000.
I literally believed that there were two guys working at Chase.
Like, I look at this dumb shit.
I bet if I jack it up, he'll, yep, he did.
He did it.
He did it.
He filled it up again.
He spent more.
Oh, he went over.
He just bought a $30 bag of Doritos.
What a dipshit.
I hate this guy.
No, I had a huge-
I mean, it got to the point where the interest was building faster and I could pay it off.
And I eventually had to get, like, alone.
Did they have bankruptcy?
Oh, no, not bankruptcy.
I had to get a loan to pay my shit so I could finally pay the shit off.
I had to do that, like, that, like, meet them in the middle thing where they're like, well,
we're never getting our money out of this guy.
So just, like, be smart about it and believe me, like, if you're listening to this and
you're in, like, a scenario where you think it's never going to catch up with you because,
like, that's for adults.
It's an adult issue.
Like, you will eventually be an adult, I promise you.
That's how it works.
And now that I have monitoring on my credit score, I really get into it because, like,
my credit score is decent now because, like, I'm watching it all the time and, like, seeing,
oh, cool, I'm up a little bit.
Here's the other important thing.
Hey, young listeners who are just starting off on the road to good credit, it takes,
like, one fuck up, one, like, miss payment, you know, one collection thing, and then,
like, seven years to build that back up.
I lapsed on my student loans, which I didn't even need because I had the
promise scholarship.
Everything was paid for except for my video games and shit.
And I was like, $7,000 for free?
Fuck yeah.
Fuck no.
That was a bad move.
That did not go well for this guy.
Does anybody, do any of the three of us have better credit scores than our wives?
No.
Rachel beat the shit out of me, which sucks because when you go in for a home loan, they
go with the lowest persons.
And so Rachel was like, did her credit test and was like, oh, $1,450.
I didn't even know it could go that high.
That's better than I did on the SATs.
I just got a red, frowny face sticker that says no, no, no.
I literally, when I called, so after I paid off my car and I needed, I think the car is
broken, I needed to buy a new car, I called the credit union that I got in my first car
loan with and said, like, hey, I'm interested in buying a car and I wanted to see if I could.
And my representative just laughed and went, no, no, no.
Here's how stupid this stuff ends.
I'm sorry about this completely unfunny 10 minutes you've all listened to, but maybe
someone will get something out of it.
When we went to buy a house, I had like this horrendous, horrendous credit history, right?
And I was working.
I didn't even have like a full time job.
I was basically a contractor with AOL.
I didn't have like a salaried position, right?
And I had $6,000 that I spent on nothing, I mean, nothing in college.
$6,000 of debt, had student loans, had all this shit and a terrible credit history.
But I was still better than Sidney because Sidney had over $100,000 in med school loans.
And it's like, if you as a bank could just make the next logical leap, you would see
that she is probably a much more sound investment than myself.
Or maybe they assumed like this jerk spent $6,000 on Pringles and beef jerky, so she
must have spent $100,000 on Pringles and beef jerky and not all the goddamn doctor knowledge
that she put inside her fucking skull.
Just don't, please.
Don't spend any money.
Don't spend any money for any reason.
Just make wise decisions and always be working towards the goal of having good credit.
And you will do just fine.
Just get on Mint.
What are we talking about?
Just get on Mint.
They'll take care of all this shit for you.
It's the best website.
Man, how long until we get our show on Saturday mornings on NPR telling people about finance
and shit?
We're gurus.
We're credit gurus.
Credit gurus.
How about Yahoo?
Yeah.
This Yahoo was sent in by Mike Burrows.
Thanks, Mike.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Happy, who asks, why are most people's parents so dorky?
So throughout the years, I meet people's parents.
I must say that 99% of them are very dorky.
Where did these people grow up?
What did they grow up around?
They just look so out of place in my situations and events.
For example, when I get invited to weddings, I see a beautiful girl getting married.
And then see her parents, and I go, what in the world?
She came from those two?
It just doesn't match up.
Even with friends, I have met their parents.
They are very, very dorky.
You look at them, and then you say, how in the world did this guy end up with such dorky
parents?
Thoughts?
He's got a point.
Like, most fucking parents are big nerds, though.
This is Dork Patrol, you know what I mean?
This is absolutely true.
Absolutely true.
But you know what, guys?
I am four months away-ish, less.
God, like, yeah, about four months away from the birth of my daughter, okay?
And I have to tell you, the reason that parents are, look the way, are dorky is because if
they're anything like me, I have gotten to a point where I'm just, I'm just out.
I'm just out of the, what you see as a dorky and out of touch parent is a person who is
just out of the game.
Which game are we, which game?
The game.
It's a running joke, right?
That when you, when you get married or you get into like a serious committed relationship,
you let yourself go a little bit, right?
Because it's like, oh, I found the person.
I have to imagine it's like that with kids, but 20 times that of like, oh, I'm never
gonna be cool again.
Bye, everybody.
I don't think it's talking about, I don't think it has anything to do with weight, though.
I think it's just like, you don't-
No, I'm not saying parents are fat, I'm saying-
How come all parents are super fat?
I just, I'm saying that you reach a point where just like you are sort of preternaturally
drawn to lighter shades of jeans.
You are just going to wear lighter and lighter and lighter jeans.
You know what I mean?
Like a pale robin's egg blue.
I feel bad for the people that are in the game constantly having to be in the game.
For me, I married a beautiful, intelligent doctor, right?
I am Garth Brooks and I have had my platinum records.
I am now in my Chris Gaines phase where I just kind of do what the fuck ever, because
who cares?
Who cares?
I'm already out the game.
I finished the game.
Chris Gaines looked super good, though.
He looked so cool.
He also was non-existent.
He looked super great with a little bit of scruff in his emo hair.
I'm just saying, what I'm saying is that I'm out.
I'm done.
I might dip back in to see how the game's going, but like there had to be, for me, there
was a moment of, and it's been constantly reinforced, because I would be, when I was
a younger person, I would think, how are you older people not into this thing?
You're missing out on so much.
Now I have a 13-year-old sister-in-law who will get into stuff like Snapchat or Instagram.
Whoa, Riley's on Snapchat?
I don't think she's actually on Snapchat, but anyway, that service guy bad rap.
Anyway, she's on Instagram or whatever, and I think for me the moment was Pinterest.
I decided that I don't know what that is, and I'm not gonna know what it is.
And I'm not willing to find out.
And I'm not willing to find out, so the game can keep going, and I'm just gonna be back
here.
I finished my rounds.
Now it's somebody else's turn.
I'm not gonna get dipped back in.
You have to realize, though, that that idea of like, what are you into now?
Okay.
And dipping back in to check and see how stuff's going, that's what this question asker is
talking about.
That's the nerd shit.
That's the, ah, Pinterest, let me just pin my kids.
Hey, kids, got some pins for you.
Push, push, push, push, push.
That's what you do.
You push pins into your children.
That's at Pinterest?
To punish them.
To punish.
For Snapchatting.
For Snapchat.
I caught you Snapchatting.
Come over here.
Got some thumbtacks.
Not the tacks again.
Gonna put them on the bottom of your shoes.
Turn you into a little Ben Vereen.
That's how I'll punish my children, is I'll turn them into unsuspecting tap dancers.
Just trust me on this, that like, grown ups, parents are not as bothered by how out of
the game they are as you.
Like, you would not go out of the house in pants up to your belly button.
They don't care.
They're out.
But that's not every parent.
Here's what I can't wrap my mind around.
I feel like right now, in this moment in time, for at least the next four goddamn months
before Justin ruins this whole dynamic that we have going, I feel like the three of us
are not nerds and we're not super, like, trying to be super cool.
We are at this very comfortable medium.
We are at this very, like, nice mid zone between those two extremes.
Our density is such that we're floating on the oil but below the water.
But below the water.
That cool ass water and that nerdy stupid oil.
We're somewhere in the middle there.
I don't think once you become a parent, you can maintain that equilibrium.
You go either like, hey, Kent, or like, Harry Styles, like, fucking one way or the other.
And I'm terrified of that.
Yeah, I've always been so cool.
I'm worried.
I'm not saying you're cool.
I'm not saying you're cool.
You're kind of a fucking dweebo.
But you're not a huge dweebo.
You know what I mean?
We're the goddamn day walkers of coolness.
And like, I don't think parents can maintain that shit.
They either try super, super hard and I've met some cool ass parents.
Or they become fucking Rick Moranis in My Other Dad.
What's that movie called?
My Other Dad.
Got it in one.
I love, you know, every so often whenever we do these questions, it's always weird to
me, like, the one detail that really sticks in my mind from the question.
And in this one, it's 99% of parents he meets.
Because that means this dude's met at least 100 parents.
And 99 of them were dorks.
Yeah.
Otherwise, he's like cutting people in half or he's judging people like a quarter of them
was pretty dorky, but the rest of it was okay.
Dan said some cool shit once.
I'm going to bump that down to 99%, not 100%.
Most of the time, though.
I just, I feel like that once I have a kid, I'm going to try to be as uncool as possible.
But not in an aggressive way.
I want to be cool in like a constant, steadfast, reliable way.
You can always trust Justin to say something dorky.
No, not to say something like, I am just going to crystallize.
And maybe, like, we have people who have done that in the world, like celebrities, for example,
who have crystallized exactly where they are, and then the world comes back around.
They find them again.
Look, I have a great example for you, Sam Elliott.
Sam Elliott got to 1973, and he's like, well, this is who I am.
This is where I get off.
I'm going to trap my whole spirit in a magical painting.
Okay, Sam Elliott.
I'm just going to live here.
I'm going to keep the stash exactly like it is.
It's 1973, and I'm going to stay right here.
I'm going to get a Mantis alien monster to freeze me in his crystals.
Maybe I'll meet y'all down that trail.
Maybe I won't, but I will be exactly here.
See you guys in Ghost Rider.
I will check you all in Ghost Rider.
He is the proverbial ribbon that we tied around a tree in the forest, like, where are we?
Oh, there's Sam Elliott.
Sam Elliott is our constant.
He is our constant.
I'm saying that Sam Elliott got off.
He was like, well, this is working for me pretty good.
I'm just going to hop off here.
And then we come back around.
Big Lebowski comes back around.
Uh, Parson Wreck comes back around.
We all come back around and say, hey, is Sam Elliott still?
Yes, he is.
Yes, he is.
He's still exactly right there.
He's cool again.
That's going to be me, I think.
Eventually, maybe in 2040.
You feel comfortable just go ahead and throwing out that you're going to be the Sam Elliott of the future?
You're comfortable saying that you, right now, you are cool with forever.
No improvements, no tweaks, no changes, no chopping, no screwing.
What I'm saying is that if society gets to a point in 2040 where they're like,
you know what we need?
We need to find a chubby guy in a Night Trap t-shirt.
That'd be cool.
I'd be like, well, if only someone had locked that down 30 years.
Lock that down.
And then they'll be going through like microfiche and they'll find like an old newspaper clipping
of me like this guy.
There's no way he's still.
He is.
He's been waiting here with his friend, Sam Elliott and his daughter who loves him just the way he is.
Oh, hey, Justin, why don't you throw Wirehead Ned into the Sega CD?
No problem, Sam.
Hey, Sam, you want to listen to some new music?
Absolutely not.
Don't go against our bargain.
Listen, you know the rules of staying in my lodge.
Basically, it's basically full house.
If you evolve, you have to leave.
Stagnation is the word.
What's the wash word here at Sam Elliott's stagnation lodge?
I only want to listen to live slide guitar and watch you play full motion video games.
Justin, we got any more of that good sarsaparilla?
Check the cooler.
Have you figured out which kind of TV dad you're going to be?
Like on the TV dad spectrum where you're going to land?
I hope you go Carl Winslow.
I was thinking Carl Winslow.
I'm going to go Breaking Bad, I think.
Oh, Justin.
I'm sorry.
Got to get that paper.
I'm a guy in my 30s who got into cycling a few years ago as a way to stay fit and keep busy.
I've really grown to love it and I try to do it as much as possible.
Problem is I want to incorporate this activity into things I love doing,
like getting coffee or visiting the local microbrewery.
In order to do this, I would have to go to these public places all sweaty and clad in my Lycra
shorts.
Am I good?
Am I allowed to both stay fit and drink beer among non-cyclists or do I have to leave the
luxurious Lycra and clicky clacky shoes at home?
Uh-oh, his parents have been dishing out some thumbtack punishment.
That's from a sweaty cyclist in St. Catherine's, Canada.
My inclination of this is to say fuck it.
Okay.
Well, because like if you get-
Okay, so it would go like this.
It would go like this, you ride your bike down to the coffee shop, you roll in, somebody
sit in the corner, judges you for being a cyclist.
They're judging you for like being fit and enjoying an outdoor activity that's healthy
for you.
I think it depends.
It depends like if you did this in Austin, I think people probably wear Lycra shorts
here sort of recreationally, so I wouldn't sweat it as much.
I mean, you will sweat it.
And I don't understand how you're cool with that.
Like I'm good for you, good on you, getting fit, riding.
I can't understand how you can be so cool with your shorts comfort game being so, so,
so off.
I don't own non-cargo shits because like I need a-
You need to breathe.
It's not even breath.
It's like I just need my whole zone to exist in like a safe spot.
You know what I mean?
Here's the thing, ditto, but here's the thing.
Shorts are comfortable and easy to wear.
And if they're not fitting that description, they ain't shorts.
They ain't shorts.
They're dick prisons or vagina prisons.
There's physical comfort, but there's also like emotional mental comfort.
You know what I mean?
Lycra is emotionally, physically, spiritually, economically unsound
on materials to wrap around your zone.
I see someone, when someone arrives at the same place as me, when they're cycling,
I just, I can't help myself.
I just feel really, I feel really envious, but also perplexed.
Like where, like, I don't understand any of that lifestyle.
Like, where did you, where do you put your bike?
Where did you get a bike?
How do you get your bike over the curb?
That's the thing I could honestly never master.
What do you do?
How did, where do you put it?
What if somebody steals it?
You're stuck.
Well, I live here now, I guess.
I live here.
God damn it.
I'm a ghost.
I don't know how anybody gets into the biking lifestyle, but it seems like really,
I don't know.
It seems like cool.
Like Dave Lavender, our buddy Dave Lavender from the hairless batch,
he rides his bike like everywhere.
Every time he shows up, I feel bad.
I start, it's like self doubt.
I'm like, I don't know.
I guess I could have ridden a bike.
I don't have one, but if I had one, I guess I could have ridden it.
I didn't need to drive.
He rolls up like sup, I got here for free and I lost a pound.
You did that?
You did that coming here?
You just did that and getting, like I got here and it cost me $45 in gas and I got fatter.
Cause of course I'm going to eat those combos I left in the glove compartment.
Okay.
My big fear about biking everywhere is what if I get to a hill?
Cause then I would have to, I'd have to call a cab.
You need a Google maps where it has like traffic.
It can be like, this is, this has a four degree incline.
Like, ah, fuck find alternate route.
This will take you on a toll road and it'll take you four hours longer, but there's no hills.
But it's flat all the way.
Flat a hundred percent of the way.
Oh man.
I wish I could bike.
I really do wish I could bike.
Cause like, I don't know.
It's like a two wheeled horse.
You get that freedom, that wind in your hair.
And like, I love that shit.
But like really, how do you get it up on the curb?
You could do that sweet move where you kind of skid to a stop and
slide sideways and gravel sprays out into the nerd's face.
Right.
I will have to do that every time I get to a curb because I don't understand how people get there.
Dad tried to teach me that shit when I was like seven years old.
He's like, yeah, you just lift up on the handles and you do like a little
backwards butt scoot and the wheel just goes up and over it.
I'm like, okay, let me give it a try.
Fall dead.
Every time.
So dead.
So dead.
And like, I could do that when I'm seven years old with my goddamn rubbery bones.
I'm all brittle now because I can't drink fucking cow's milk.
That is another thing.
I'm at a point.
I don't know how I got to this point in my life, but like I'm at a point now where a fall could be tragic.
It could be game changer.
Not just tragic, like for you physically health wise, but also tragic.
Like if you see a seven year old crash on a bike, first of all, it's awesome.
Yeah, hysterical.
Second of all, second of all, you look at me like, look at that scrappy kid.
He's probably right into a softball game.
If I fall on a bike, I will be laughed at for a year.
What were you doing on a bike?
I'll end up on a fucking-
Or worse yet, everyone will rush to your side in a very concerned manner.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, sir, are you okay?
I could deal with that. I would be embarrassed by that.
If I fell here in Austin, I would end up on like the front page of a zine.
I would be laughed out of town on a rail.
Be that they would put me on because they wouldn't trust me with bikes anymore.
There are so many like bike literate cities that if you fuck up a bike here,
if you fuck up a bike in a super bike literate city, your bike ability will be revoked and you
and you will have to get on a Razor scooter
and that won't last long either.
Huntington has a bike lane now, I don't.
Just the one on one street?
No, I mean downtown there's a lot of bike lanes
and the way people have decided to use that
is that drivers just get like super luxurious
about opening their doors when they get out of their car.
Oh, this is fantastic, I might be gonna look.
I got room to breathe.
Woosh, woosh.
I'm gonna check.
Let's go to Mighty Fine.
Who do we got a message for?
This message is for Chris and it's from Esme,
which is an awesome name.
And Esme says, you are my best pal
and ultimate co-host of Four Star Dog.
Having you in my life and my pack makes me one lucky gal.
Here's to ultimate laughs to our old and shriveled.
What is Four Star Dog?
Is that a podcast that they just sneak in some advertising?
How could you do this, Esme?
It's not popping up.
Maybe it's an underground, maybe it's on the deep web.
Ooh, Esme, I'm gonna look that shit up.
I will be very cross.
I mean, we said it and did it.
It's been broadcast.
If you have a Silk Road podcast, I'm gonna be very.
I got a message for Jeff from Steve.
Steve says, happy birthday.
You definitely have a birthday sometime this year.
I hope this message reaches you in time,
which is unexpectedly sort of intense for a birthday message.
But anyway, thanks to you and Caroline
for being great friends and introducing me to Bim Bam.
That's the name of our show.
How did you have fucking problems saying that?
You've all set back my dissertation hundreds of hours.
I hope life is good in Chicago.
Here's to more beer, more trivia,
and more tennis in 2014.
Two of those things are awesome.
Two of those I was into.
Sure.
So happy birthday, Jeff,
whenever that happy day should occur.
And how about we tennis?
How about a little bit of we tennis?
How about we tennis?
Puff, puff, serve.
So guys, did you notice how, puff, puff, serve.
Thank you, thank you.
Travis always has a secret joke in there
that's like super funny.
That really does happen every week.
Well, we miss it completely.
Every week someone tweets something at us like, what?
That's hysterical.
What was it last week?
Somebody tweeted and I was like, fuck, that's good.
And then they were like, yeah,
Travis said that out loud to you during the show
and you fucked it and you missed it.
It was the piano mandate.
Listen, when you said as much shit as I did
on a piano mandate.
We were talking about the Billy Joel station
and said it was called the piano mandate
and Justin and I were just like, well, here's our joke.
That's hysterical.
That's hysterical.
Okay, so there's a channel that plays all Billy Joel.
So it's okay.
Still hasn't changed, by the way.
Thanks serious XM really made me believe in myself.
Did you guys notice how I was on time for the show today?
Did you notice that I was a little late,
but I wasn't as late as normal.
That's because I was grabbing a shave before
and normally I do the wet shaving thing.
It takes me like a hundred years to do that.
I do the wet shaving thing, it takes me like a hundred years.
And today I tried a kit from Harry's.com,
which is they give you their support of the show.
They deliver a better shaving experience
for just a fraction of the price.
I got this great, it's a great razor,
a lovely tube of shaving cream,
some really funny shaving instructions and backup razor.
Can you explain the funny shaving instructions?
They're funny.
I mean, it's funny.
It's humorous, like in a funny way.
It's a funny, it's a funny shavings.
I don't know, what do you want?
I usually don't jam on like, just like, you know, razor,
cause I have a very sensitive skin
and it tends to break out if I just use like a regular razor,
but that thing was dope.
Like the razor we got from Harry's
gave me such a smooth shave
and it was very gentle on my delicate skin.
It's a convenient and get it online for 15 bucks.
You get that kit that we got, it's in a really pretty box
and it includes a handle, three blades and shaving cream
and shipped right to your door.
It's like half the price.
Three German engineered blades.
So you know that they are made of hard metals
cause that's what Germans love.
That's what Germans love.
It was started by, one of the co-founders is Jeff,
who was the guy who started friend of the show,
Warby Parker.
He knows Warby Parker, I guess.
Your whole face is going to one day be catered to.
This is by Jeff.
Jeff has opened up a septum piercing salon
that you can just go to and get that.
Jeff's an eyeball replacement.
Jeff's my face guy.
Jeff's my, Jeff does my face.
I got Susan, who does my shoulders.
And I want to be clear here.
This is a shave kit for everyone.
My wife enjoys that as well.
So everybody go check it out.
It really is a pretty sweet set and you're going to love it.
Harry's.com and you use the coupon code, my brother.
And that's going to give you, get this.
This is really good.
Harry's can give you $5 off your first purchase
for all our listeners.
My brother is that code.
It's all one word.
And the web address is harrys.com.
So go get your shave on.
I love how many of these righteous organizations
have been supporting us lately.
I do miss the freedom
that extreme restraints afforded us
in being able to choose our own
extremely hackable promo code.
I forget where we left, where we left that.
I forget what the last one.
It was Sexabunga.
Ah, Sexabunga, so good.
So, so much viral promise.
Moving on to once you're smooth shaven,
you want to tell people about it.
How?
Twitter?
No.
Too short.
Facebook?
Tumblr?
No one knows what that is.
Maybe a website brought to you.
MySmoothFace.com.
MySmoothFace.com, a Squarespace joint.
Can I use secret to tell everybody about my smooth face
and then they won't know who has it,
but they will know that one of their friends
is enjoying a very smooth face.
And they'll start going around
touching the faces of all their friends.
Like, nope, it wasn't Roger.
Griffin, while I register that domain,
can you please tell everybody about Squarespace?
Squarespace is a platform that allows you
to make a website, which sounds intimidating.
Doesn't have to be,
because they have really beautiful designs
that you can sort of kick things off with.
And then you have all the style options
that you could ever need or want,
and then you can chop and screw it.
And if you have a problem with that,
because maybe you're not so good at the deep web,
you can contact their support team,
which they have available 24 seven.
And you can make a logo using their logo generator
for your website, a little FAF icon maybe.
And it's just $8 a month,
and that includes a free domain name
if you sign up for a year.
So Squarespace, it's really good.
They've been a good supporter of the show,
and we've heard from a few people
who made some good looking websites.
It's got responsive design,
so it'll work on any device.
And you can start a trial with no credit card,
and start working on the website.
Just go to squarespace.com,
and use the offer code mybrother, all one word.
That's my brother, all one word,
to get 10% off your first purchase, your first purse.
Your first purse.
And yeah, that's great.
Maybe you wanna do like firstpurse.com.
Listen guys.
Sell some first purses.
Please, I just got my smooth face.
I can't even get first purse too.
Listen, the web sucks, but Squarespace
is gonna let you fix it one website at a time.
That's not the tagline that they gave us,
but it's the one that I'm giving them.
It's the one we deserve.
It's, the web is not great lately.
I don't know if you guys have been keeping up with it.
All of my sites are,
their posting schedules have become so erratic, and.
Homestar Runner doesn't update enough.
They did update it earlier this month.
They deployed the first update in like nine years.
God, I miss Homestar Runner so much.
Hold on just one second.
I'm setting up the forward here.
Okay.
Are you really setting, buying?
Just had to grab it real quick
so nobody tries to steal it.
What's the web address?
What's the URL?
MySmoothFace.com.
Try it.
Okay.
And it redirects to my brother, my brother, and me.
What's up?
Try Fart Patrol.
That one redirects to my brother, my brother, and me.
It's a pretty good game.
We'll try Butt Slammers.
All right, go Justin.
Okay.
Butt Slammers is a different thing.
Just super quick.
Want to remind you guys that the second annual
Atlantic Ocean Comedy and Music Festival
is brought to you by MaxFun.
It's coming around.
It was a lot of fun the first time.
You guessed, you're assuming,
because you didn't get to go on a particular
nautical adventure.
Yeah, but their ship's gonna set sail
from Port Canaveral for three nights in the Bahamas
July 25th through the 28th.
And it's gonna have Moshe Kasher, Chris Fairbanks,
who's like hysterical if you haven't met the guy.
Kyle Kinane is gonna be there.
He's hysterical.
Chris Fairbanks.
He's the one that almost murdered us with laughter.
With laughter.
Natasha Legaro, Morgan Murphy,
who is also hysterical.
Also fucking great.
John Roderick of the Long Winters,
like from the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure Off the Elm,
but there's been that John Roderick.
He's gonna be like there on a boat
where you just talk to him in BD.
Goddamn, that makes me so angry.
I know, pub quiz, shuffleboard tournament,
lots of fun.
So okay, go to boatparty.biz right now
and get your tickets.
It's gonna be like pretty much the best.
So go do that right now.
I feel like we've been able to keep it pretty cool
if we meet people at Max Fun Con and shit like that,
people we really admire.
I don't think I could lock it down for Roderick.
I do not think.
I do not.
It would be like a reprise of when
Justin and I met John Hodgman
and you embarrassed me just so, so bad.
I did a great job.
You did a really good job of taking a picture of us
over and over again in a dark bar with flash on
over and over and over.
So funny.
I treasure that picture.
It's number one in my camera roll.
Never get rid of it and I'll use it every day.
Hi, my name is Ruchakay Sherway
and I have a podcast called Song Exploder.
In each episode, a musician takes apart one of their songs
and piece by piece tells you the story of how it was made.
You get an inside look into the creative
and technical process and a unique view of a song
by hearing just the drums
or just the guitars
or say just a Wurlitzer piano.
If you're a fan of music, if you make music
or if you just like to learn how things are made,
come check it out on maximumfun.org.
Thanks.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah, please.
This Yahoo was sent in by Ira Ray.
Are you Ira Ray?
Who wants to know?
Thank you, Ira Ray.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Mike B. who asks,
who will take over for Jimmy Buffett?
So I'm a huge Jimmy Buffett fan.
I just love his laid back style.
That makes you wish you were on a beach
with a couple coronas and a boat.
So hold up.
Hold on.
Don't, one second, my dude.
You're on a beach.
You're on the beach.
You're on the loamy sands,
kicking back a cup, dual fisting coronas.
And then somewhere there's a boat just like.
I think it's one of those things
where it's like the boat has washed up onto the beach
and it's flipped over.
Maybe like there's a hermit crab crawling on the beach.
It's just you on a beach, some babes, some ronas
and an old, old rotten boat.
Old, rotten boat full of sailor skeletons.
Since his style is so unique and hard to match,
I was just wondering if anyone had any ideas
on who will take his place when he stops making music.
Probably Stephen Colbert.
Has anyone tried to match his styles?
I'm pretty sure every musician ever just heard that
and was like, ah, I'm not really interested in doing that.
I actually think there's a,
you could make a compelling case for Kenny Chesney.
As a suitable, like where,
if you look at the Kenny Chesney career path,
I think Kenny Chesney could take you down that road.
He's obviously more country inspired
than Jimmy Buffett.
I'm not gonna argue that with you right now.
But what I will say is that he has had a lot of tracks
that are in the milieu, if I may,
of a Jimmy Buffett.
I mean, obviously he's got the novelty hits.
See, he thinks my tracks are sexy.
Sure. Yeah.
Don't mind if I do.
But I mean that, but I mean,
has Jimmy Buffett ever written a non-novelty hit?
Yeah, Jimmy Buffett, he's a storyteller
and his music is transformative.
I'm not gonna let anybody who only knows Margaritaville
sit here and fucking dump on Jimmy Buffett.
Son of a, Son of a Sailor.
Son of a, Son of a Sailor.
Cheeseburger in Paradise. Cheeseburger in Paradise.
Yes, Son of a, Son of a Sailor.
It's not a novelty song, it's a song about growing up.
Jesus.
I'm saying that if Kenny Chesney ever drank a Corona
or a Margarita, he would age super fast and die
like the bad guy in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
I think if anything slipped between those sweet country lips
other than a Bud Light, if he drank a Bud Light lime,
he would have seizures for two days.
Okay, I'm gonna hit you with,
I'm right now looking at Kenny Chesney's greatest hits too.
Okay?
These are like just some of the tracks on Kenny Chesney
and tell me if you are not getting a Buffett vibe.
Out Last Night, Young, Summertime, Beer in Mexico,
When the Sun Goes Down, No Shoes, No Shirt, No Problems,
The Good Stuff, I'm a Live Duet with Dave Matthews.
Especially that last one is super on the nose.
Hold on, I have to buy that last one on iTunes real quick
just so I can listen to it and make fun of it.
You know, it's.
Really, excuse me.
Sorry guys, Kenny Chesney is a slightly more
country influenced, slightly younger Jimmy Buffett.
Jimmy Buffett's.
When you have a track called No Shirt, No Shoes, No Problem,
you're setting yourself up as like the prince.
Is that a Buffett cover?
Buffett actually called him after like,
hold on there buckaroo, hold up.
I gotta check my song list
because that might be one of mine.
I ain't ready to kick yet, I might have already done that one.
I just think about like if I'm kicking it in a hammock
on a beach.
With a boat.
With an old, old rotten skeleton filled boat.
And then I hear like a steel guitar.
It's gonna bring me out of my vibe a little bit.
I'm saying thematically, yes, the ideas espoused
in Kenny Chesney's works are certainly.
The man has a Christmas album
called All I Want for Christmas is a Real Good Tan.
After he published an album with that title,
he had to get a fucking DNA test
to make sure he was not Jimmy Buffett's son.
Legally speaking.
You're saying if Jimmy Buffett committed a heinous murder,
then Kenny Chesney could be convicted of the crime.
Have you guys seen Looper?
I'm just saying, is it possible?
Oh man.
I mean, there's only one solution, right?
We have to cut off Kenny Chesney's hands.
And then we will see if Jimmy Buffett responds.
The man released a CD called Just Who I Am,
Poets and Pirates, okay?
Oh, this is a fun game.
You should set up a game
where you just read like song titles.
Okay, okay.
And then we have to guess if it's Buffett.
This is great.
This is great.
Okay, hold on a second.
All right, so we're back.
Here is the game.
I am going to tell you titles of songs.
You're going to tell me if it is a Jimmy Buffett song
or Kenny Chesney song.
Are you ready?
Yes, I am ready.
Can I use the internet?
What?
No, you cannot.
What are you talking about?
No, here we go.
Grapefruit, juicy fruit.
Definitely, definitely Jimmy Buffett.
Chesney.
It is Jimmy Buffett.
Ah.
Guitars and tiki bars.
Definitely, 100% Jimmy Buffett.
Buffett.
Sorry, that's Kenneth Chesney.
Ah, Kenneth, Kenneth.
You fucked me, Kenneth.
Here we go again.
Sherry's Livin' in Paradise.
If it has paradise in it,
fucking Jimmy Buffett owns a trademark.
No, it's Chesney and I bet it's actually
about someone being dead.
Ah, that's Kenny Chesney.
God damn it.
Here we go another one.
I'll guess Chesney on the next one.
Okay, this is an easy one.
Okay.
Changes in latitudes, changes in attitudes.
Definitely Jimmy Buffett.
Buffett.
Correct, that's Buffett.
That's a good one.
I twisted it on you because you thought
you were going to trick me
because I said I was going to guess Chesney.
Pencil thin mustache.
Chesney?
Buffett.
No, that's Jimmy Buffett.
Fuck me, damn it.
I thought, there's no way Jimmy Buffett
would sing about such wispy facial hair.
Brown eyed girl.
Jimmy Buffett.
And no Van Morrison, but good try.
Okay, just a couple more
because this is a slam dunk game.
Last mango in Paris.
Chesney?
See, I'm going to say Chesney
because that sounds so much like a Jimmy Buffett song.
That is actually James Buffett.
That fucking dick.
He all he has to say is the name of a food and a place.
And it's a song.
He's like the Elvis Costello of putting food in places.
Okay, I'm going to hit,
we're going to go to the lightning round.
You ready?
Yes.
Ready for the lightning round.
How has this not been the lightning round
the whole time though?
This is the lightning round.
Are you ready?
Lightning round.
And here's the thing about the lightning round.
You guys have to agree.
You can't just each pick a different one.
You have to agree on it.
Here we go.
So the lightning round will be categorically slower.
Slower.
Slower.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Life is good.
Buffett?
I'm going Chesney.
Oh, fuck me.
God damn it, Travis.
When are we going to get together on anything?
Come with me.
Come with me on this, Griffin.
I'll go with Travis on the Chesney Express.
Kenny Chesney.
Yeah.
Yes.
Big call, Travis.
Soul of a sailor.
Ooh, see, that sounds so, but wait.
Buffett, okay.
Buffett sucks ass, right?
We can agree on that.
Buffett's terrible.
He's not a good musician.
I don't think he's so bad though
that he would release a song called
Son of a son of a sailor.
And then also, unless it's the fucking sequel.
Here's the sequel to my last joint hit.
Also about to-
Right, you guys are wrong.
But anyway, go ahead.
Go ahead with your wrongness.
Stick with Buffett.
Buffett.
It's Kenny Chesney.
God damn you, Justin.
You can't, Alec Trebek isn't like,
are you sure about that answer, pussy?
You sure you want to go with that one, pussy?
Okay, stupid.
And then they change and he's like, I just got you.
Turn out the light and love me tonight.
Kenny Chesney.
That's gotta be Chesney.
That's Kenny Chesney.
Yes.
Boat drinks.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, one more time.
Not a tune.
Boat drinks.
Not a track.
Boat sipping.
I'm gonna go trick question.
All right, this is the point at which Griffin edits in
a little bit of boat drinks.
Boat drinks.
Boys in the van ordered boat drinks.
By James Buffett.
No.
From the album Volcano.
Sunshine Coconut Women.
All right, that was the.
Sandy butts.
Beach Ball Corona Hour.
I just really, what I'm pointing out is.
Poultry swaying, beach babes playing.
Pointing out is that James Buffett is the shittiest.
Boat drinks.
That's gonna do it for us here on my brother,
my brother and me.
Advice show for the modern era.
We hope you've had as much fun as we have here.
Thank you to Squarespace and Harry's.com
for their stewardship.
And make sure to go check out BoatParty.biz.
Yeah, BoatParty.biz, go get your tickets to that.
Big thanks to everybody who bought tickets
to the other show that we had that went up.
I know not everyone still got tickets to go.
I really hope that people like honored our request
not to buy tickets if you already had tickets
to the other one.
Because like to me, it was fucking crazy
how fast they sold out.
If we see you at all three shows, we will humiliate you.
We'll embarrass you.
We'll memorize the faces at each show.
And we will humiliate you in front of everyone.
And then we will have you escorted.
No, we won't do that.
That's gonna be a very fun, very long day for us.
I guess apologies to the people who bought tickets
to the last show.
Because you're gonna be getting the snickle fritz
at that point.
No, that's gonna be the one where we're drunk.
Yeah, that's gonna be the punch drunk,
you know, spaghetti-getting stuff.
Don't promise people spaghetti-getting
if we can't deliver spaghetti-getting.
Spaghetti-getting too.
Somebody get a spaghetti between the four o'clock show
and the nine o'clock show.
That's what we're gonna feed you.
Get in your pockets, you dirty birds.
If everyone, if all 150 people bring a pocket full
of spaghetti, we could probably eat a whole table full.
And listen, if you come up to me thinking you're cute
and try to hand me spaghetti from your pocket,
I will fucking rabbit punch you.
And you will black out and spend our show
that you paid good money for in a coma.
That's my promise to you, the listener.
Don't do that.
But sorry if you didn't get in.
We'll do more shows up there.
Listen, we fucking, we slept on live shows for a while.
I guess we were kind of busy.
But I feel like we don't play the
we're just three guys card very often.
But we don't know fuck all about planning live events.
So like.
But we're trying to get on it.
You need to understand that when we do shit like this,
it is a crazy, crazy thing of us getting
like super, super outside of our comfort zone.
So like it's a big undertaking for us
to even do like a couple of these things a year.
But we're trying to do more of them
because we know we fucked up
and didn't get out to see you guys.
So we're gonna do more of it.
Also, if you know somebody who wants to be our manager,
who's like professional at it.
And who will do it for free.
He'll do it for free.
You guys are like, I'm not kidding.
I would, I mean, if we could take time off work
and like, if we had a tour manager,
like I would do, I would do a week or two with you dudes.
Why are we having like a meeting about this right now?
I'm just nervous.
Hey, everybody turn off the podcast for a minute.
Turn off the podcast for a minute.
So fellas.
We could do like a straight down the East coast,
start in Boston, go down, end in Vero Beach, Florida.
Mexico.
Oh, sorry.
Vero Beach?
Yes.
We have a lot of listeners in Vero Beach, Florida.
I have a boat that washed up there.
I've been meaning to get back to it.
It's full of old skeletons.
It's full of skeletons and weird crabs.
Yeah, so.
Listen, oh, if you have questions for the live show,
if you're gonna be there, start sending them in now.
Because we'll need a fuckload of them.
Yeah, because we've got to do three fucking shows that day.
Just make sure that like, if you're gonna be
at the 1.30 show or the four o'clock show
or the 9.30 show that you put that in the subject line.
So we can do it when you're actually there.
And if you want to be nice and offer your,
if you got tickets to more than one show
and you want to offer them out to people who didn't,
that would be great.
Sell them for 300%.
At a premium price.
Mark up value there.
I'm saying like $7,500 you could probably get.
And there also is gonna be like standby at the theater.
I think if you go by before the shows.
I would be very, very, very careful to like,
I don't think it's gonna be a substantial amount.
And like, there were a lot of people who didn't get tickets.
So like, definitely if you want to try for it, go for it.
But it is not a lock by any stretch of the imagination.
We promise that we are gonna come back very soon.
We underestimated the number of people
who would want to see us.
And that's a good problem to have,
but it's, that doesn't, you know,
it doesn't make it better for you.
So we promise we will come back very soon.
Now that we know how many of you want to see us
and also maybe we'll have somebody
who can actually like help us
and knows anything at all about anything.
I'm gonna think we already did it,
but John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song into departure,
which is only up and putting the days to bed.
Seriously guys, get that, get that album.
Thanks to everybody tweeting about the show
like Scottie Moe, Ryan Lynch, Michael Wenzel,
Nick K, Matt Volk, Alexander, Strauss,
Blistifer, Josh, James, Chris Letty,
Chi Tuor, Amy Wozni.
Thank you so much to all of you for tweeting about it.
Use the NBNBAM hashtag when you tweet about our show.
You can follow us at NBNBAM.
And check out all the other shows
on the Maximum Fun Network.
There's so many, man,
and we seem to just keep adding more every day.
So go check it out.
Not every day, that would be fucking crazy.
No, every day.
We've got 6,000 shows on the Maximum Fun Network right now.
Go listen to Song Exploder's new Jimmy Buffett episode
in which Buffett like breaks down all of the complex layering
that he did on his song, Beach Ball Fantasies.
Son of a, Spirit of a Beach Ball Fantasies, the sequel.
And that's gonna do it for us here.
Beach Ball's bouncing.
Sand Crab's pouncing.
Go ahead.
Griffin, Griffin's pouncing.
Do you have a last question?
This is the shittiest beach ever.
Just kidding, every beach is great.
I'm Jimmy Buffett.
Have a pineapple.
Eat this pineapple off my body.
Eat this pineapple off my body.
Okay, Griffin, last question.
That has to exist, right?
It's the last, probably yes.
This Yasu, this Yasu.
This Yahoo.
This Yasu Aerofet.
This Yadis Yahoo.
This Yahoo Night's Mystery was sent in by Alan Black.
Thank you, Alan.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Cassandra, who asks,
what if an alien weapon caused you
to switch bladders with Taylor Swift?
What?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother.
May you kiss your dad.
Squirrel lips.
I am so proud to be an American and to be hosting Throwing Chains.
I am proud to have really deep brown eyes.
Well, this is actually supposed to be,
you know this is supposed to be a thing
so that people listen to our show.
Oh, so I've just been so busy this week.
Oh, okay.
But I'm very happy to be here.
The podcast is called?
It's called Throwing Shade.
You're the co-host, yeah.
So, Throwing Shade, we talk about.
You're the gay co-host, I'm the female co-host.
I always forget.
We're friends in real life, kind of.
And we talk about lady and gay issues.
Yeah.
And we talk about them in a way
that is really disrespectful.
Yeah, if you love the world and hate yourself.
Please listen to Throwing Shade.
Yeah.
