The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna? Just say, hey I wanna. Just say, hey I wanna.
Hello everybody and welcome, my brother, my brother, me, and advice from the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your miller's brother, Travis McElroy.
Oh god, this is so loud. And I, should I not?
Just bring it down. I don't have to do mine, like people know who I am and the heat that I bring,
but I am the- Just do it, just like bring it down.
I'm the sweet baby, Griffin. I wanna talk about, I had a kid.
What? I wanna talk about that.
I wanna talk about that for a second. Well, but see, I also had an important
life event happen, I went on a cruise, and now I wanna talk about that.
Well that's funny, because I had one I wanted to talk about.
I started going to basketball camp, I don't have anything.
I started going to basketball camp, and I didn't though, but that's a lie,
but I just wanted to have one. I think I could be the impartial sort of third
party here trying to decide of what's gonna be the better intro.
Justin having another beautiful, beautiful child, or Travis having a second child,
so to speak, that is the boat. The sea, his love of the ocean.
Yeah, it's his second child. Let me think about this.
Let me consider possibilities. Jokes for Justin's.
Very sleepy, we probably got a lot of doo-doo humor,
although I will say we could probably get some doo-doo humor out of the boat one too.
I, this kid is just shitting all the time. Listen, guys-
Now to be fair, after my time on the boat, I was also shitting all the time.
Yeah, and Justin, I'm gonna have to stop you, because I haven't made a call yet.
I got a way that it's, if we're talking doo-doo humor versus doo-doo humor,
it sounds like I gotta figure out which one's gonna be the richest vein,
and I'm leaning towards boat. I'm leaning towards a boat over child.
What I love about that is that I don't have to talk.
Yes.
The onus is removed from me to have a great bit about fatherhood,
which honestly, the mind, here's one that dads won't say.
Say, honey, if you're listening to this in the future, Cooper,
daddy's gonna brag on you a little bit, and you're probably gonna be embarrassed,
so skip ahead a few minutes. Are you done listening?
Okay, good. What have I done?
Yeah.
I've made such a massive error in judgment.
There's two.
I already had a child, so I had that life experience.
Yeah.
I don't know why I thought, what was I trying to prove?
You ticked that box, Justin.
I don't know who I was trying to prove something.
Why did you go back?
Yeah, the box was done ticked.
I guess I wanted one in reserve.
You know, a burner, kid, just in case.
Jesus.
I don't know why I thought I could do this again.
I'm an old man.
You know, that's so funny you mentioned that, Justin.
I felt the same way whenever I'd go back to the buffet
and get a second plate of food, and it's like, what am I even doing?
Oh, on the boat?
Yeah, why did I go back?
I've already eaten enough food, you know?
And then you're finished like, oh, why did I do that?
I love the boat humor.
At basketball camp, Dr. Jeremy Dunks, who's the camp counselor,
taught us all jumping.
I think it's boats.
I think it's boats.
I think it might be boats.
Boats, yes.
So Captain Travis, how-
It's actually Commodore.
Commodore, Travis, how were the high seas?
It's actually Commodore, Ron Jemen, Jay Meriwether, gentlemen, privateer.
That's nothing.
I'm just going to call you Captain Trav.
The J stands for Joshua now.
How was the waves and the whales and all the fish and-
The ship was a rockin' and a rollin'.
Can I sleep?
For this part, I did have a long con kind of cookup
where I was going to tell my wife, oh, we got a long sesh today,
recording for two hours, trying to get one in the can
and then take a nap on the floor of my office.
That was kind of one scam I was sort of thinking about running.
Well, Justin, I'm going to give you a ticket
and it's for 90 seconds of sleepy time
and something tells me you're going to use each and every one of them.
So you go ahead and do that
and Travis is going to tell me all of his fun boat adventures.
Can he guarantee before you give him that permission slip
that something funny did happen on the boat?
Several funny things happened.
Thank you for asking.
Okay, now is this just going to be you bragging
about how you met all the hot stars?
Yes.
Well, then I'm not interested in that anymore.
No, but it'll be interesting though also.
Well, no, you're just going to drop a bunch of names
and now I'm wondering if maybe me and Justin
should overrule you and go to basketball camp.
Well, let me try this one on for size
and this will give you a kind of a taste of my stories.
Do I still get the nap with the basketball camp?
Yes, Justin, absolutely.
Okay.
The first day I was having a conversation with Wil Wheaton.
Okay, see, and you were fucking four seconds in.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Well, you made me a promise.
On the first day I was having a conversation with someone.
But I know who it is.
You already said-
Someone from Star Trek.
Someone from Star Trek and Big Bang Theory
and Tabletop on YouTube and Keegan Sundry.
And we're just casually on the ground
and this person just casually gestures towards the water
and goes, there's a whale.
And it was very bizarre
and not a moment you expect to ever have in your life.
Just randomly having a conversation
and then like there's a whale
and swimming with the whale with some dolphins
and it was fucking magical.
And this person turned to this whale
and did this bokkan and said, live long and prosper.
But I can't say who it is.
Can't say who it is.
Cannot say who it was.
That's funny.
When I was at basketball camp,
my bunkmate was Wharf.
So it sounds like we all had our own
little sort of great experiences there.
We all had our own fun.
There was also a day where we walked into
one of the lounge areas
and the crew, having a bit of fun,
had made a bunch of towel animals in the area
but it was all the monkeys that hang from coat hangers.
And I don't think it was a lovely gesture.
I love that they did it.
I'm not complaining about that.
But I don't know if they were trying to be unsettling
but it definitely was.
If Travis was worried that his cruise chat
would be alienating to many of our listeners,
I'm glad that he has graduated to complaining
about the available towel animals.
Anyways, the JoCo Cruise was great
and JoCo Cruise 2019 is already available for booking.
So we'll get on that.
They Might Be Giants is gonna be there
and I'm not even being paid to plug
and it's not even guaranteed
that I'll be on it again next year.
I'm just a big fan of it and it was really great.
And you should go do it.
Based on the story you're telling
of how you yelled at a bunch of whales with someone.
With someone.
We didn't yell at the whales.
We gestured towards them.
I think I know how Bill Beaton operates
and you two were definitely just yelling obscenities
at the whales.
Justin, what about the birth?
Was Worf there?
Yes, carve the flesh.
Retrieve the new child.
Fight me.
Fight your way out of the woman child.
Get the baby a battle.
Should we do-
Carve his way out.
Let's do questions.
Yeah.
Oh, hell yeah.
Yeah, I got a question.
What did I do?
Yeah, should we mention the fact
that Justin is operating on no hours of sleep
and that is why we are getting
this sort of fatalistic version?
The last one slept.
Yeah.
For sure.
But now that last one, Justin is old enough to be like,
hey, what's up everybody?
I don't wanna sleep anymore.
And you also have a new one that doesn't wanna sleep.
No, the new one is, the old one's like very chill
and sleeping through the night in her own bed.
It's amazing.
She's a gift and a treasure
and I didn't appreciate her enough.
This new one just shits and then it yells about it
and when my last baby, Charlie, cried,
it was so pitiful.
It was like, oh man, I gotta do something.
When Cooper cries, it sounds like she's praying
to an elder god for the strength to kill us.
Just like, please give me the strength
to smite these idiots.
Yeah, sounds like-
Hell yeah.
Suck the kids.
Sounds like maybe she's succeeding.
Yes, well, slowly, not that slowly, but I teach some great English.
Can we start with the third question here?
Cause I can't wait to get to it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, that's why I put it as third.
Cause here's the thing.
Can I pull back the curtain a little bit here
on episode 395?
On every week, I pick out six questions
knowing we only ever get to three.
I don't know why I continue to do six,
but I guarantee if I just drop three on you two,
you'd be like, wait, what?
Where's the other?
And so like, my third question is,
oh, that's the club banger that's like-
I know, but we need to get Justin hyphy
and I feel like this question's gonna be the one that does it.
I'm a consummate professional.
When we start recording, I'm gonna be on.
There's no more complaining about-
Justin, we've been recording for the last 10 minutes.
Yeah, for a while.
Well then, here it comes.
Pull up your baseball gloves,
cause I got a hot pitch coming in.
Perfect.
My husband's name is Tim Allen.
Yes, like the actor.
Most of the time when we place a pickup order of some kind,
we use his name.
However, almost every time we go to the store
to pick up the item,
the cashier generally says,
oh, like the tool man, right?
Do you guys get that all the time?
Do they do that in 2017-18?
Oh, fuck my life.
To which end up responding kindly?
Yes, yes we do.
Is there a better way to respond to these cashiers
who always think they're the first one
to make the joke about Tim Allen?
How do I tell them to stuff it?
I've already heard that one.
Without being overly rude.
That's from over it in Ohio.
I think the best way is just to say like,
wait, who?
And make them explain it.
Make them explain who Tim Allen is.
Make them do a bullet point by bullet point
plot recap of the entirety of Home Improvement.
What, wait, what?
His neighbors behind a fence
and then different objects.
You know, what is this show?
Why don't you see his face?
I don't understand.
What's going on?
And then the thing he was building just like explodes
and he dies, I assume?
No, he doesn't die.
But they keep letting him make things?
What?
What are you talking about?
Tell me more about the clown man, Al Borland.
I want to dial into the clown man.
In the future, when you see them again,
ask them for updates.
Ask how things are going.
Tell me about the new Home Improvement.
Tell me about the new Home Improvement that there is.
And then when there is no more new Home Improvement,
make them create new Home Improvement.
There it is.
What do you think they did after the finale
and then just keep going from there?
Speculative fan fiction and also my chilis to go.
Thank you.
I need both.
And maybe your parents should have thought about this
before they fucking tried to steal Tim Allen's identity.
Thank you, Griffin.
Just saying.
Anytime a parent names a child the same thing
as another person in the world,
it is identity theft.
And we gotta just, we gotta,
nobody's talking about this in the media,
the mainstream media, the lamestream media.
Okay, so Home Improvement started in 1991, right?
It's 2018.
So it's very possible.
I mean, the question doesn't say how old the husband is,
but if it's, it could be if the husband is what,
20, no, I'm not doing math correctly.
How old would this person be?
Yeah, 27, right?
69.
69, nice.
But if they're 27 or younger,
then it's very possible, yes,
like the tool man is the correct answer to that question.
I was named for the tool man.
Yes, I was named for the tool man.
I was named in honor of the tool man, my godfather.
Could you say that, yes, that's me,
Tim Allen from television.
It's been a weird few years, but I am Tim Allen now.
It's me, Tim Allen from Michigan.
I have been passed on the mantle.
I killed the last Tim Allen, and now I am Tim Allen.
And I look like him, no matter what I do,
I wake up every morning looking exactly like him, Tim Allen.
Why does Buzz sound so different in Toy Story 4?
Oh, you didn't hear.
The Tim Allen was murdered.
There's a new Tim Allen now.
Now there is a new tool man.
His name is Tim Allen.
He also hates the Al Borland clown.
Of course we're on the fourth Al Borland.
It's worth noting.
Should we mention that Tim Allen sucks?
We haven't really talked about that yet.
Well, I feel like we make jokes about people who are stinkers,
and then people are like,
hey, did you know that this person's a stinker?
And the answer to that is yes.
That's why we're punching up at Tim Allen.
Yeah, so we can make jokes about him
as long as we include a disclaimer that he sucks shit.
You always go super hard.
Travis, correct me if I'm wrong,
but do you feel like,
I'm not saying that Tim Allen sucks or doesn't suck, he does,
but don't you feel like Griffin goes kind of like
an incommensurate level of hard at Tim Allen
whenever Tim Allen comes up?
It feels very personal.
No, I get that because I think Tim Allen was,
as we all know, a huge hero of Griffin's for a long time,
and then when it was revealed that Tim Allen sucked,
I think it really hit Griffin in a pretty hard way.
I think for Griffin, it is a good person.
I mean, you knew me.
I was going down the street.
I was going to Blockbuster,
and I would say, let me Brent Joe versus the Volcano.
Let me get my, yeah, he was in that one, wasn't he?
Or was that Tom Hanks?
That was Tom Hanks, who rules for now, currently rules.
I was talking about Jungle 2 Jungle,
the Santa Claus, Santa Claus 1, 2, 3, all of them,
and I had my t-shirt that says Tim Allen does it.
Tim Allen's good.
Tim Allen is good.
And then he comes out and he calls me a snowflake
and said that I personally got his bad show canceled,
and I don't know how to respond to that
except to go on my podcast and say, well, Tim Allen is not good.
And in fact, he might suck shit.
So what if I couch it like that?
And he might suck shit?
Tim, no, I'll say this.
Tim Allen is not good.
He may suck shit.
He's in a quantum state.
He could be sucking shit or he could not be sucking shit,
and until we observe him, we will not know.
What I love about that is that that is not a very PC thing to say,
and so I think the man himself, the tool man,
the former tool man would appreciate it.
So did you know that the name of the Home Improvement theme
is Iron John's Rock and not just the theme of Home Improvement?
Fuck, Travis.
Pure Michigan.
Why did they name the theme?
And for the life of me, I've been sitting here Googling furiously.
I can't find out if it was called Iron John's Rock
and then they used it for Home Improvement
or if someone wrote the theme song to Home Improvement
and said I'm also going to give it a title.
Yeah, well, I've just written my 30-second long macadam opus.
It's a shame no one's ever going to hear it.
Who listens to 30-second songs anyway?
I have a Yahoo here and this one sent me down a real deep oubliette
and so I wanted to invite you guys down in the oubliette with me.
It was sent in by Adrian Cowles and it's Yahoo Answers user Johnny who asked,
in a real-life situation, can firefighter really pee on a small fire to get it out?
And then, because game shows, you can't believe.
Wait.
I saw this and I was like, what the fuck is this person talking about?
This is, this is nonsense.
And then I kept going down the submissions
and I found one that was sent in by the delivery man Seth Carlson.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Johnny who asks again,
family feud question, name something a firefighter do to put out small fire.
That was question, the answer was pee, how is that possible?
So it seems like on the feud, there was this, there was a thing, a category
about things firefighters do to put out fires.
And that's probably, Steve probably got to, what can a firefighter do to,
what can a firefighter do to, and then one of the, you know,
goblins that goes on that show just screams like, piss, Steve, like waiting for, piss, Steve, piss.
Steve, they can piss on it.
I want to say piss on TV, Steve, piss.
And then he points to the board and it probably said something like wee-wee water.
They can fart on it real hard, Steve.
You fart on it?
No, I'm sorry, that would actually make the fire bigger.
The fire has sex with it.
The fire?
What is wrong with everyone on this show?
Making whoopee.
They can make whoopee with the fire, Steve.
Let's see, 56%.
So it pops up on the board and it says like asparagus.
Pops up on the board.
And it says like asparagus juice, human.
Asparagus juice.
And then it shows up there and is the right answer.
And I'm wondering if that's based, I never saw Backdraft.
I never saw Fireproof, the Kirk Cameron sort of religious vehicle.
And I'm wondering if there's a scene in either,
how did this sort of get injected into the public eye, the public consciousness?
That if there was a very small fire, when you're a firefighter, you don't just-
How small?
Like a match?
Yeah, I mean, if you're a firefighter and you see a small fire,
I think you know that that can turn into a big fire
and that can be a big, dangerous situation.
And so you see a small one, you go out to a fancy restaurant,
and there's a bunch of lit candles all over the place.
And you're like, ugh, God, not again.
Wee-wee water, does it happen then?
Probably not.
Here's the thing, you're looking at two different,
two different questions really, Griffin, because can it, right?
So there has to be a window of size of fire
where it's too big to stamp out,
but small enough that you think a bladder full
could accomplish the task.
And I do think you could find that window.
But I think the other side of the question is,
is there a flap of sorts?
Is there some kind of mechanism in the fire person suit
that would even allow for such a thing?
Yeah, that's a great question, Travis.
Thank you, thank you, Travis.
I hadn't even considered that part of it.
But the answer is yes.
There's a little fireproof flap, kind of like how
old-timey kids had it on the back of their pajamas.
Hey, was that for shitting?
Yes.
Yeah, it was for shitting.
What else would that be for, Griffin?
Like, cute.
Tattooing?
No, like cute.
Like, uh-oh, my hiner, they would say, in old-timey terms.
So is it possible that this is not the most efficient way?
I mean, I can't envision a situation where it's like,
oh no, my hiner is not the most efficient way.
Um, extinguisher tank is empty, the hose got all tangled up,
and there's a, there's still a small fire remaining.
Oh, I know how to do water with my body.
I'll cry on it.
And then somebody's like, no, no, no, there's a better way.
I think that there's a third question here.
If, if, if, do you think that this is a,
like, leave your badge and, like, fire axe on my desk,
your loose cannon, um, you know,
we can't have you on the force.
Because of your, because of your loose cannon.
Yeah, so, get out of here.
But then, like, later in the day,
they're in a fire and all of their extinguishers are empty,
and they're like, if only they were here,
and that person then just pees all over everything
and saves the day.
If only that pervert was still here.
Here's the thing, maybe the firefighters want to piss
on the fire, because they, they probably hate this hot stuff,
hot stuff so much.
They hate this hot air, which is all fire is.
It's air that got too hot and burned it up.
And they hate it so much that I think they probably do try
as much as they can to put out the fire,
except for one last bit.
Especially the brave firefighters who go out
into, like, the wildfire situations.
And, and they, you know, they finally contain it,
and it takes, like, two weeks,
and it's a costly, like, horrible, horrible thing.
I think at that point, if I was a firefighter
and I found the last little bit of fire
from this big wildfire, I'd be like,
all right, motherfucker, time to put you down.
And then, and I'm not making jokes,
it's a horrible thing, but, like,
I think I would be very, very angry at the fire.
And I think I'd want to put it out.
What if the fire was, what if it was so hot,
they'll go from, like, it boiled the pee back up,
so it's like the fire's fighting back.
Come on, Travis.
No, that, so you think it's more of a finishing move.
Would it make it better if you took this small little bit
of fire that was left, and you put it in the toilet,
and then-
And then you peed on it?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think that would be better.
I think that there should be a rule
in the Fire Person Code of Conduct that's just, like,
you can do this if you need, if you also need to pee.
Like, don't do it just cause.
Don't do it just to showboat.
How would you do it if you didn't need to pee?
Well, it's-
Just stand there and pound a bottle of water,
like, hold on.
Listen, we're getting into the honor system at this point,
yes, but I think, like-
This is taboo, but you just squeeze it real hard.
This is taboo.
This is podcast taboo.
They won't talk about this on, you know, WTF
or Comedy Bang Bang, but you just squeeze it real hard.
Maybe it's like they make all the firefighters
go to the bathroom before the alarm starts,
and they're like, okay, everybody go to the bathroom now,
cause once we get there, there's not gonna be a bathroom.
Oh God, Travis, you just gave me a wave of anxiety.
My whole life is based around like knowing
that I'll be able to go to a place
and not have to worry about the bathroom there
and like timing it out.
If I had a job that was like a bell rung
and I had 45 seconds to put on essentially,
you know, plate mail armor
and then rush to the place I was going to,
if I didn't have a chance to do my thing,
oh my God, no.
This is not the job for me for so many reasons.
I bet that happened with, you mentioned plate mail.
I bet there's a lot, like about half the time
after your squire got you all dressed up as a knight,
I bet you were like, oh.
Oh man.
Especially when you're jousting,
you get hit while you're jousting, you're like, oh man.
There it goes.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Tamerlane.
Unstrap me.
How about another question?
Cause we've talked about piss.
We can't do piss again for about 13 more.
We talked about poop at the beginning too, so.
Oh man, can we do the Tim Allen one again?
Wait, did you just sample Iron John's rock?
Yeah, no, I owe it a thousand dollars.
Sorry, Iron John.
I owe you a bunch of money now.
The person who wrote the song isn't named John.
I also want to make that very clear.
Well then what's the point?
I have no fucking clue.
Why did they call it that?
Why didn't they call it the Tim the Tool Man's tune?
The Ballad of No.
Toolin' Around.
Toolin' Around would be a great name for a song.
You think it would be a great name for a song.
I work in a small office of about 10 people.
My boss is always walking around,
commenting on everyone's lunches.
Like, wow, what's that?
PB&J?
Nice, classic.
Let me get a closer look at that.
Nice.
He will swing by your desk if you get subway
and ask you about every ingredient.
Like, did you get onions on that thing?
Wow, nice.
I appreciate how positive he is about it though.
Yeah.
I know this sounds like a minor inconvenience,
but it's so awkward and embarrassing and weird.
And it's a harsh encroachment of my
only 20 minutes I get to myself.
Any advice is appreciated, Cool Brothers.
That's from Just Trying to Eat in Manhattan.
This is horrible.
That's rough.
This is so hard to answer because I also, on some level,
really kind of sympathize with the boss.
Because it's like, clearly this boss is not great at small talk.
When your small talk includes,
did you get onions on that?
Nice.
Like, you're not, you're bunting right there.
That's small talk bunting.
Right.
And I get that.
I do that all the time.
He didn't have anything to add about onions.
He didn't have any great observations about onions.
Yeah.
You're gonna need to start bringing in a little pup tent
to work that you crack open.
And then that's your little Christopher Robin hidey hole.
And nobody's allowed to go in there
when you're eating your lunch.
Don't come in with a lunch tent.
You're not allowed in the lunch tent.
This is where I do lunch.
If that's too big a burden,
maybe just cover yourself up with a big blanket while you eat.
Or go hide in the bathroom
and have a sandwich on the toilet or something.
Because this fills me with so much dread.
Like, this is such a precious time in my life.
And the last thing I need is spectators for the Onion Show.
It's so bad.
Yeah, it's also a lot of pressure to then have to explain
the ingredients you got on your Subway sandwich.
A thing that you hope never gets asked.
Please don't ask me.
Because I don't have a good answer
for why I said yes, tomatoes.
I just wanted them.
Yeah, sometimes I'll get green peppers and sometimes I won't.
Yeah.
And I don't want to have to delve deep into why.
It's just like,
I think you're not gonna get out of the situation unless you hide.
And if you don't want to hide during your lunchtime,
because it's our God-given right,
according to the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence,
then I think you got to limit the number of ingredients
in the lunch that you eat.
And maybe you just eat one very big apple for lunch every day.
And then they will come by still and be like,
oh, big, big apple, huh?
That's New York, bye, nice, bye.
And then it's like four seconds.
And then they're back out of your life.
Can I offer a slightly more aggressive option?
Sure.
A big clock on your desk, timer that you set to however long
your lunchtime is,
and when your boss comes over to start talking to you,
you stop it, turn and talk to them,
engage with them in their talk,
and then turn back and start it again.
Me talking to you about my precious onions is work.
That's work time.
That's work time.
Are you done?
Because I'm on onion time now.
I'm on, I will get back to onion time,
but this is work time if we're talking.
You're my boss, you're not my friend, Charles.
And make the clock say that.
You're my boss, not my friend, Charles.
I will talk to you about my onions,
but it's time theft, and you're the thief.
Goodbye, Charles, and click.
I think that if your boss is talking to you,
you legally should not,
it cannot be counted as your lunch break.
Because like, what else are you breaking from
other than the people you work with?
Right, even if your boss was, in real life,
your best friend, not now.
Not now, it's onion time.
I think he says, you get onions on that?
Nice.
And you say, no, I didn't.
Even though there's onions clearly hanging out
the side of it, because you got so many onions.
You got so many fucking onions on your sandwich,
it can't even contain all the onions.
Maybe you just get two pieces of bread
and like 80 onions in it, and they're like,
oh, onions, huh?
Like whole onions.
Whole onions.
They say, oh, a bunch of whole onions, huh?
Just like Shrek.
And you say, no, I didn't.
Get the fuck out of here, Charles.
Now, we obviously do not support people asking
about your sandwich while you're trying
to have your lunch break.
That's been made clear.
But is there an amount of onions
where you have to just accept
that people are gonna-
It's out of concern instead of interest.
Oh man, too many onions.
Not nice.
It's like you've given up your right
to not be grilled about your, thank you,
about your onions, because there's just so many
that you're inviting it at that point.
It would almost be like a little,
like you're obviously wanting someone to ask.
It's a cry for help.
You're wanting someone to ask you about
how many onions you want to slice to onions.
Right.
Thank you.
I think it's you and your cubicle mate,
Parson, Parson Brown, and the two of you
are eating your big onion sandwiches
and laughing and talking about how great
the onions are today.
So sweet, so crisp, so bitter, so many.
And then your boss comes by and is like,
hey, you guys having an onion?
And you both turn to Charles at the same time.
You're like, Charles, not now.
We're talking about our onions.
I'll talk to you later when I'm done talking
to my friend, Parson, about the onions.
But now you're interrupting and being rude.
And then you do that every day
and you're gonna get very sick
from all the onions.
Yeah, but it'll be worth it.
It's a good episode.
This is the spec script of the office
we're writing right now.
Oh, Jim's at it again.
Jim's at it again.
Dwight's like, what's with the onions?
He's like, I don't know what you're talking about, Dwight.
And Dwight just starts crying.
He says, these aren't onions.
And then he gets onion poisoning.
And dies.
But then he comes back as a ghost
and haunts Dwight.
Happy Halloween.
And he didn't die because the staff
at Chicago Med was there.
That's right, crossover episode.
And he just keeps looking into his snow globe.
Yeah, and that one's in it too.
Crisis on an onion.
Then old Dick Van Dyke shows up at the office
and he's like, my diagnosis is murder.
You know, it's funny.
If he did show up once, it's like,
my diagnosis is murder.
They would say, well, thank you for that.
That's very vindicating.
Could you maybe solve a crime now?
And then you die.
Murder.
Yeah, there's a knife and the whole bit.
We definitely know the diagnosis
of this case is murder.
Could you do something to advance
the resolution of the murder?
And then Viola Davis walks on screen
where there's already about 14 characters
at this point and just says,
how to get away with onions.
And then she leaves with all the onions
because nobody noticed.
And who's that?
It's J.D. and Turk.
And they are up to their old tricks
and scrubbing onions.
I'm having a lot of fun with you boys today.
OK, I guess it's time to go to the money zone.
Let's go.
I want to tell you all about Blue Apron.
Boy, if you like onions, there's one
and basically all of them.
And that's good because onions are good
and these recipes are good.
All all the stuff comes to you
in pre-portioned ingredients that are fresh
and step by step recipes
that come right to your door.
They tell you what to do with the onions,
how to touch them, and they can all be cooked
in under 45 minutes.
The menu features 12 new recipes each week
based on what's in season.
Onions are always in season
and is designed by Blue Apron's
in-house culinary team
with incredible ingredients
and chef-designed recipes
like strip steaks with potatoes
and spicy maple collard greens.
Blue Apron lets you see
what the power of food can do.
Harness it.
Harness this power.
Blue Apron is treating my brother,
my brother and me listeners
to $30 off your first order.
And if you visit blueapron.com
slash my brother, you will get that.
So check out this week's menu
and get your $30 off
at blueapron.com slash my brother.
Blue Apron, a better way to cook.
I would like to tell you
about Bowl and Branch.
I love sheets and I'm not afraid.
Who knows it?
Did you know that every day
you spend 14 hours in sheets?
That sounds about right for me, actually.
That's not true for Justin, yeah.
So anyway, sheets are great.
Well, if you're out of the time
I spend at Sheets the gas station
and Sheets the sheets,
it's probably pretty close.
Justin spends about two hours sleeping
and then 12 hours crying
in a Sheets bathroom.
Bow and Branch sheets are crafted
with 100% organic cotton.
They look great and they feel amazing.
I can very much vouch for that.
And you buy them direct online
so you don't have to pay for like,
you know, the retail markups
because you pay a lot of like
brick and mortar store like operation costs
when you buy the store.
When you buy online,
you're saving on all of that.
And they're so confident
that you love them
that they offer a 30 day refund guarantee.
They have thousands of five star reviews.
They're amazing.
So go to bowlandbranch.com today
and you'll get $50 off
your first set of sheets
plus free shipping in the US
when you use the promo code
mybrother, all one word.
That's $50 off plus free US shipping
right now at bowlandbranch.com.
B-O-L-L-A-N-D-B-R-A-N-C-H.com
and use the promo code
mybrother, all one word.
Check it out.
Folks, have you rolled a crit fail on parenting?
Oh God, I get it.
This is a little targeted.
Worried about robot uprising?
Don't worry, we got you covered.
Hi, Hungry, I'm Dad.
It's a podcast where nerdy dads
talk about nerdy fads
and give advice to everyone
in the Twitterverse.
Join Jared and Nathan
every other Tuesday
as they discuss entertainment and life
while relating it all back
to how we should raise our kids.
And it says, join in the conversation
by searching Hi, Hungry podcast
on all social media platforms
and listen on your favorite podcast app.
These two daddies sound like
they have it all figured out.
And I wanna be there with them.
I would just, any answers they have
if they have some answers for me.
I'm feeling a little lost right now.
I have a personal message here.
This one's-
How do it hate Hi, Hungry, I'm Dad?
How do it sleep?
Don't know, don't know.
I got a message here for Jack
and it's from Dad.
Daddy says to Jack,
Jack, this is your father reminding you
not to sweat the small things.
You're perfect as you are
and have made your mother and I very proud.
I love you more than a bushel,
a peck, a barrel and a heap.
I love you enough to kiss you square on the lips.
This is the best dad then, huh?
This is so sweet.
Yeah, way better than Justin.
Best dad sounds like best dad
and maybe best Jack
and Jack don't sweat the small stuff.
Yeah, don't get small sweaty things, you know?
Listen to your dad.
Don't let your small things get sweaty
and don't even sweat the big stuff.
Now, the medium stuff,
you gotta keep a fucking eye.
Keep your head on a swivel for the medium stuff, Jack,
because that's where they get you.
That's where they get you.
Mostly the middle.
One more.
This is for Kelly and it's from Kelly.
Whoa, from Kelly to Justin.
Kelly, happy birthday, Kelly.
Although, Kelly,
you know how the brothers McElroy are, Kelly,
and this message is probably being read in June, Kelly.
In that case, happy mom-iversary, Kelly,
and happy third birthday, McDermott.
And if it's any other time of the year, Kelly,
well, great job.
Now, to be fair, we didn't get that in June,
but it does say as close to January 4th as possible.
All right.
Yeah, we did about as bad a job.
Happy Olympic closing ceremonies, Kelly.
You've done it.
You did great up there.
Could have done better.
Could have been worse.
Could have been worse.
You did great up there.
You extinguished the Olympic torch.
We are all so proud.
You extinguished the Olympic torch with your mind.
Which was cool, but no one asked you to do that.
Judge John Hodgman ruled in my favor.
Judge John Hodgman ruled in my friend's favor.
Judge John Hodgman ruled in my favor.
I'm Judge John Hodgman.
You're hearing the voices of real litigants, real people,
who have submitted disputes to my internet court
at the Judge John Hodgman podcast.
I hear their cases.
I ask them questions.
They're good ones.
And then I tell them who's right and who's wrong.
Thanks to Judge John Hodgman's ruling,
my dad has been forced to retire,
one of the worst dad jokes of all time.
Instead of cutting his own hair with a flowbee,
my husband has his hair cut professionally.
I have to join a community theater group.
And my wife has stopped bringing home wild animals
It's the Judge John Hodgman podcast.
Find it every Wednesday at MaximumFun.org
or wherever you download podcasts.
Thanks, Judge John Hodgman.
Here's a Yahoo that was sent in by Nathan Smith.
Thank you, Nathan.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, something's gone wrong, but it was sent in by Jason.
Jason Jith, who asks,
how do I play a video game?
I never played a video game in my life before.
What video game should I get?
There was like thousands of video games at the stores
with lots of colorful pictures.
Also, I think the store person said,
I need to have a console.
What is that?
PS3, PS4, Xbox, Nintendo?
What is that?
No, that's the upsell.
You don't need a console.
You do not need it.
Yeah.
You do not need it.
That's how they get you.
Do you own a Discman?
Yeah.
I got good news, vis-a-vis Kirby.
He's here.
You're gonna need,
you are gonna need the adapter though.
Yes, the Kirby adapter.
It goes on your mouth and it lets you suck stuff in
to turn into a fire or a laser.
There's so many games though.
And where do you even start?
Never played a game and you want to start being gaming.
I mean, what kind of,
let's start from the basics.
Getting your head in the right place.
So for me, I think it's important to take a beat
and plug in your game into whatever disc player you got.
And then you need to take a second
and just remember, none of it's real.
It's not.
That is so important.
Because you do, you play Kirby and you think like,
am I gonna get stomped by the monsters?
Is the big tree gonna throw apples at me until I die?
That almost never happens.
It almost never happens.
And you're fighting the big tree and it's yelling at you
and throwing the big apples at you.
And you could, if you're not a gamer,
you might think I'm going to die when the pink man dies
because of all the apples that got thrown right at me
that hit me.
And now I'm too scared to continue gaming.
And it's really important for me to tell you
that most of the games, if you die in them,
you won't die in real life.
Most of them.
And I will say this is something that they won't tell you.
But you could, if you used to read Nintendo Power,
this is like on the last page of every Nintendo Power,
a list of games that you actually,
the only way to win is to turn off the game
and never play it again.
Like you'd be in one of those fights where like,
there's no way I can beat this boss.
Well, the trick is you turn it off and that kills the boss.
Yeah, it only exists while you're playing.
Sometimes you gotta move your controller
over to the second port.
That's something that will work in some games.
Yeah, I do that with every game now,
just to make sure that I'm not being tricked in some way.
Another thing to keep in mind
is if you have a bad time with the game
and say you're playing Kirby's Dream Land,
even though it's called Kirby's Dream Land,
Kirby didn't make it.
Kirby didn't make the game.
He's the star of the game.
And so they called it Kirby's Dream Land.
And I know that's confusing because like,
when you go to the movies and you go see like,
I wanna see George Lucas' Star Wars,
you know right there what it says on the tin who made it.
That's not how it works in games sometimes.
Sometimes it'll be called like Super Mario's Odyssey.
But it's not, he didn't, Jesus Christ,
how are you not getting this?
He didn't make it.
He didn't make it.
Someone made it.
Like one or two people made it.
When you get angry at the game
because you died from too many apples,
stop writing angry letters to Kirby.
He didn't, it's not him.
He didn't do it.
He didn't make it.
Jack Kirby made it.
Jack Kirby made it by himself.
Another joke about video games is trade-ins.
If you, the problem with getting into video games
is if you don't already have video games to trade in
towards a brand new video game,
you really, there's no way to get into the systems.
You can't get into the system.
So you're kind of locked out.
You could inherit games and that's pretty much it.
Can I ask you boys, I'm not a professional gamer.
I have a question for you two boys.
I think you're professional gamers.
I haven't checked in in a while.
Is there, did they ever make a matching power glove
so you could have two?
And so you can really fondle the pong.
Yeah, cause if I just have the power glove on one hand,
doesn't my other hand get cold?
Yeah, but that's the game of your life.
Just cold hand?
Something also is you're gonna start getting frustrated
that you can't figure out how to kiss in every video game.
Cause a lot of games are pretty open
with what the kissing button is, the Sims, other ones.
But a lot of the time you'll be like,
I don't think there's a way to, just keep trying.
You're gonna, you're gonna figure it out.
Mario is missing is you have to press X and Y
at the same time and then Luigi.
Wait, shit, really?
Is Mario missing?
Griffin, you can't drop that on me.
Yeah.
What if I need to talk to him?
Well, that was the last Mario game.
Cause he was not, well, he was found, his body was.
But while you're playing that one,
you're gonna want to kiss and you're not gonna figure out
how to just hit X and Y together.
If you get online, online is a great resource
for knowledge for so many things.
And a lot of times people, online, you know,
web content users will tell you
what buttons to press to do, to kiss.
Another thing that if you're just getting into gaming now
that I think, no one talks about,
but I'll tell you right now,
you'll find yourself playing Sonic T Hedgehog
and you'll be like, I'm feeling an erotic interest in this,
but the game images aren't giving me what I need.
Is there somewhere where I might find these images?
And the answer is no.
No, unfortunately that just, no one's gotten into that yet.
You're the only one that feels that way.
And I'm sorry I have to break that to you.
Yeah, it's rough.
A lot of people go looking for horny Sonic T Hedgehog images
after they're done playing Sonic Hedgehog,
but there's not, I'm so sorry.
There isn't any.
There isn't any and we haven't figured out
how to make them yet.
So stop asking.
So stop asking.
Elon Musk was working on it for a while
and then he got distracted by space.
But hopefully he'll get back into it
because he was, Elon Musk is really into
erotic Sonic T Hedgehog imagery.
Oh, and Travis, can you give me that one clean
so that when we're taking to court
they have like exactly the sound bite that they need.
All right, Justin, just be quiet for a sec.
Here, I'm gonna put in a click right here
just so we have it clean.
Go ahead and say that thing you just said again, Travis, legally.
Elon Musk is very into erotic Sonic T Hedgehog imagery.
Okay, I said okay a little tight there,
but I think we can cut it out.
Yeah, we can clean that up.
We'll cut it down.
I wanna read another question.
Well, I just also wanted to say,
get the Xbox that plays all the games.
Go ahead.
I teach seventh grade English language arts
at a local middle school.
There has been a dead roach on the inside
of one of the lights for an entire year.
Nasty.
I haven't moved it because one,
I wouldn't know how to put the light cover back on
and two, I never thought anyone would notice.
Nobody knows how to put the light cover back on.
You have to take it off and that's how you learn.
None of us know.
Okay, I do like that this question,
that also struck me that the question I was concerned wasn't,
I don't know how to take the cover off.
Obvious, got it.
But then what do I do?
That is a much worse scenario.
In their defense, it is much worse to call facilities
and be like, we've got a light fixture on the ground over here.
Vandals.
Vandals have unscrewed.
Anyway, that all changed when my fifth period class
decided to personify the roach
as our deceased class pet named Tommy.
I played along with it because it seemed like silly harmless fun.
However, my students now have a funeral plan
for Tommy the roach on Friday of this week.
One student wrote a eulogy and several of them requested
that I wear black out of respect.
I'm concerned about wasting class time,
but I don't want to stifle my students creativity.
Please help.
This is Creative Cockroach Conundrum in Texas.
Here, if you wanted to like live in the bit,
but also try to get things back on track
so you learn about, I don't know,
which countries are named what.
Oh, it's language arts.
Okay, well that's, yeah, they have English language names.
Sure.
You could say that like,
since they didn't know the roach when it was alive,
they don't really know what sort of like faith background
the roach had and they don't know,
you don't know like what kind of service
the roach would have wanted.
Like that could be how he wanted to sort of like
spend his after days is there in the light fixture
without a bunch of Judeo-Christian nonsense,
sort of like helping shepherd him across the river Styx.
Now you could, if you did want to make it educational,
you're going to need a conveyor belt.
You're going to need a small toilet
and you're going to have the conveyor belt
going into the toilet
and you're going to put Tommy on one end of it,
Tommy's desiccated corpse and desiccated.
It's been both things.
And you put it on there and you let the conveyor belt go
and you say like, oh, the conveyor belt's going,
better tell me what a preposition is.
Hurry, hurry, hurry.
And get them to answer some high pressure.
Because one thing the roach doesn't want for its last rites
is to go in a toilet like some sort of common fish.
Here's the thing, when you're worried about it being educational,
I think what you really need to do is look around the room,
look every child in the eyes and decide in your own mind,
are any of these kids going to be funeral directors?
Because if so, what you're doing is incredibly educational.
Do you have one particularly spooky student?
You know the type I'm talking about
and I'm not telling you to put your kids in a box.
I'm just saying.
We're also not saying every funeral director is spooky.
I'm saying that absolutely.
You have one student that comes to class
in a big top hat and a big dirty dark frock.
Not every funeral director is spooky.
Some of them just needed some fast cash.
People get in binds.
In a hot, high stakes world of directing funerals,
how do you need a director for a funeral?
It's not a fucking James Cameron flick.
It's like, here's the box, go do the weeping and all.
Not for mine, buddy.
Mine pyrotechnics, light shows.
Where do we put the flowers?
We better hire somebody to tell us where the flowers.
Hey, my grandpa's up there.
Can you tell me, am I supposed to do sad?
If you're in the funeral biz or your family is
and you're about to start tweeting at us,
just please only direct those at Griffin
because I do not need the existential crisis
when I'm trying to just hang on for dear life.
So please just direct those funeral related tweets at Ditto.
No, funeral directors are a good job
and people who do it are valuable and Tim Allen sucks shit.
Let's just do all the disclaimers at the end of the show.
M. Night Shyamalan is my favorite funeral director
because you walk out to the casket
and you look at him and go, wait, I'm in there, twist.
Yeah, it's me in there and he's me and I'm him.
Uh-oh.
Twist.
There's the twist.
Man, students will do fucking anything
to get out of reading a book for even like a minute, huh?
Uh-huh.
We can twist this and have fun with it for as long as we want,
but this is a lot like when we were doing Spanish class
in high school and we knew our teacher really liked Finding Nemo
and so we just swore up and down like,
I feel like just watching Finding Nemo
with the Spanish subtitles on is the best way for me to absorb this.
So just go ahead and put that one on again
and that right there is good teaching.
I had a teacher named Mr. Sheets in middle school
and he taught us algebra and Mr. Sheets also loved the Civil War.
He was like a Civil War reenactor.
So when we would like want to throw things off the rails,
we would just ask him a question about the Civil War
and in the moment, I felt very like smarmy about it.
Like, oh, we got him.
But then looking back on it,
I realized I learned a lot about the Civil War in that class.
So he kind of got me.
He kind of still did get me.
I wonder if more classes would be more effective
if teachers like use this sort of strategy.
Like on paper, you're the math teacher,
but secretly, you know, it's all about geometry.
So you feel like you're pulling one over on him
whenever you're hearing about geometry,
but really that was the plan all along.
I mean, it's a failure, I think, of the class.
If I go to lit class and I learn about biology, that's cool.
But it's not really what I signed up for.
It's not the credit that I think.
I'm gonna show up to, you know, lit two in college
and be like, all right, time to talk about Dickens.
And he'll be like, I don't know what that is,
but I can tell you what a...
Well, the teachers would need a system
where all the subjects would still be covered.
The secret subjects would cover all the bases.
It's just one to the left.
Yeah, there you go. Thank you. Yes, exactly.
This might be weird,
but as long as we're talking about West Virginia teachers,
we should mention that all the schools in West Virginia
are closed because all the teachers at public schools
are on strike because they got fucked
by the state legislature.
And you should go support them however you can.
They're trying to get a 5% pay raise
instead of the shitty 2% pay raise,
which doesn't cover rising cost of insurance,
which used to be covered.
The tripling cost of insurance.
Right.
It's absolutely madness.
There was a state resource
to pay for public educators' insurance
that is no longer funded,
which is something that they are also fighting for.
So we're very proud of them.
Literally every teacher in all 55 counties
are fighting back to try and get these things.
And schools have been closed for,
I think this is the fourth day today of the strike.
I believe so.
Technically work stoppage, technically.
Work stoppage, yes.
I don't know what the difference is.
There's a whole thing.
It's a whole thing.
Yeah, I figured we should mention that
because we made jokes here,
but we had good teachers growing up
and they deserve to be compensated and taken care of.
And Reese Witherspoon tweeted about this work stoppage.
I heard.
That's what I heard.
We got Reese on our side.
Reese Witherspoon teaches in West Virginia?
No, no, she just tweeted.
Speaking of the end of the show,
this is it.
You've reached it.
We've done it.
We've beaten the odds.
I've beaten the odds.
I guess Travis too.
Hey, Trav, do you have like,
I meant to ask you much earlier.
Do you have like wobbly legs
you're adjusting back to land life?
Not wobbly legs so much
as I'll just be sitting there
and suddenly feel like I'm falling over.
Oh, that's the pits.
It's great.
I'm loving it.
It's kind of exciting, I guess.
In all seriousness,
really was an absolute blast.
I want to say thank you again
to Joko Cruz for having me and my wife
and dad and everybody there.
And if you are interested in it,
do go check out JokoCruz.com.
They are already selling cabins for 2019.
They might be, Giants is gonna be on it.
It's leaving from, I believe,
the East Coast, Florida this year.
Yeah, they're doing the Caribbean this year.
What?
They're doing the Caribbean next year.
Yeah, it's gonna be super fun.
Go check it out.
Also, plugging stuff,
Schmaners is going to be performing
at Moon Tower Comedy Festival, April 18th.
You can get tickets for that
at bit.ly forward slash Moon Tower Schmaners.
S-H-M-A-N-N-E-R-S.
Where's that at, scrubs?
It's in Austin, Texas.
Hello there.
I want to thank John Roderick
and the Long Winters for the use
of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a fantastic album
and you're just gonna love the shit out of it.
And I also want to thank Maximum Fun.
You can go to maximumfun.org
and check out all the great podcasts there
and go download some,
like Switchblade Sisters and Tights and Fights
and the Beef and Dairy Network and so many more.
And if you want to hear other stuff we do,
just go to mackleroyshows.com
and you can find out where all our podcasts
and videos and stuff live.
So that's it.
Here comes that final.
It was sent in by Merritt Palmer.
Thank you, Merritt.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
They're anonymous and for good reason
because their perverse question is,
where can I find scented candles
that smell like new Band-Aids?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Only one podcast is brave enough to call bullshit.
Who Shot Ya?
The podcast that dares to say
that white dude's opinions aren't the only opinions.
If you have a movie pass,
like get a ticket to it to support Taraji,
then go home.
Ant-Man seems so unnecessary at this point.
Ant-Man is like a ketchup packet too many.
Who Shot Ya?
With Ricky Carmona.
I wanted to see Wolverine kick ass
and eat some popcorn and have a good time.
Alonzo Duralde.
Is this Andy Richter?
And April Wolf.
I love wild things because I get to see Kevin Bacon's dick.
Who Shot Ya?
Listen every Friday on Maximum Fun
or wherever you get your podcasts.
