The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
The trees are beginning to change color. The days are getting shorter. Ridiculously
attractive eighth grade science teachers are getting ready. They're laying their traps,
and that can only mean one thing. School is back in session, almost, for some people.
A young man's fancy has turned to homework.
That's right, exactly. School's back.
And bonus.
And bonus. Homework and awkward bonus.
So sexy.
This is my brother, my brother, and me, an advice show for the modern era. Today we're going
back to school. I am your brother cum laude, Justin McElroy.
I am your class clown, Travis McElroy.
And I am the valedictorian.
You don't get my name. You get a fart sound.
So today we're talking back to school, everything school related,
comprehensive back to school guide for the youngsters out there, and the young at heart.
Just something to help you readjust to your class schedule.
And the people, maybe the people taking adult learning classes.
Maybe you're at the annex. You're at the annex.
Griffin, how did you feel back as a youngster when school would come back in session?
I just had a conversation about this. I got really excited when it was back to school time.
You don't, me too.
I fucking love school supplies so much.
I get excited when I walk through the stationery aisle,
when come August, walk through the stationery aisle of the HEB, and I'm like,
oh, got to get some Lisa Franks.
I was straight up packing my backpack like three weeks prior to school.
I was the biggest nerd.
Yeah. Picking my outfits.
For me, it wasn't about the institution. I didn't care about like getting wiser.
I just cared about like,
see and be seen.
Yeah. What fashions are going to be in my classes.
And also what, whether kids were going to like my zip off khaki shorts.
And you know, it's funny that it stops like three days into school.
Like, yeah, got to get back. And then like, you're there for 15 minutes and you're like,
oh wait, this sucks.
Oh, it's the same shitty people in all my classes who all kind of don't like me
because of my fucking khaki zip offs.
That's why there was always that excitement when like,
you're in the middle of fourth grade or something and there's a new kid.
And you're like, what the, this could be anything.
This isn't that dude I've known forever.
And he's just like a little different.
And then he's boring.
I did like it though when people would reinvent themselves over the summer.
Yeah.
You'd come back and they'd come back and they have a French accent.
Yeah. Whole new tip.
But let's, let's get to the questions.
Let's see if we can help you with their own back to school conundrums.
I will soon be a freshman in high school.
Almost all my siblings have gone to the school I'm about to attend.
And they've all taken the athletic route without any significant academic achievements.
On the contrary, I have chosen to be in marching band
and I'd rather read a good book or play video games than play a sport.
How can I deal with the complaints and negative comments from my family
and students who knew my family's legacy?
That's from lethargic in Illinois.
So when you say that no academic achievements, your siblings are just like soup stupid.
Like really, really dumb.
I have a dumb family, but I am trying to reinvent myself.
Hey, listen, hey, you know what?
You're about to go into high school.
Well, let me help you out with some advice that makes him counterintuitive.
Just do some sports.
Girls love it.
You know, you gotta do some sports.
Gotta get fit.
Gotta look amazing.
You're gonna get super toned.
You're gonna, and listen, video games, good book, great books, whatever.
You can have someone read them to you.
You do that in the privacy of your own home in the dark where no one can see.
You'll probably have enough time to read when you're old and married.
There's not a video game alive that can help you blast your pecs and core and your arms.
You can't tone those arms while playing Mario Kart.
God knows.
Get sinewy, get fit, get muscly.
My primary advice to you would be cut it off before it's too late.
Stop reading.
Stop playing video games.
Get in the sport.
Get strong and get dumb like the rest of your sports star family.
Just start headbutting your brothers.
Yeah, you've got it in you.
Why are you denying your gift?
The sports magic is in you.
I can hear you.
You are from a lineage of sports stars.
What about shit like track?
You don't even have to be big.
You could just run and jump like an MVP.
Come on.
Get fit.
Do you know why you don't like sports?
Because you're not fit.
Because you're not fit.
You're one of those like 90 pound weaklings and you need to send away
for that kit on the back of the boys life that's gonna make you big.
Hey, did you use whey and protein?
Do you use protein whey?
Slurp down some smoothies.
Justin, give him some smoothie tips.
Try some fruit in there.
Put some fruit in that smoothie, you goofster.
You're gonna get healthy.
You're gonna get so fit and look so good and feel good about yourself.
And your family will finally love you and accept you.
Like Sephiroth already accepts you.
That's how it's going.
Charles Dickens and Kurt Vonnegut think you're the pits.
Move on.
Now it's time to get that Peyton Manning seal of approval.
Get fit, get right, get dumb, and get ladies.
Step one, get dumb.
Step two, get big.
Step three, get ladies.
Get the ladies.
I want you to get so big.
Now listen, now listen.
This glory will be short-lived.
Yeah.
I can't.
This is really also important.
You are gonna really regret this.
Oh, then you get into college and it's like, oh, you're failing all your classes.
And we don't want you on the football team because they are much bigger than you are.
You got a pretty good grade in running, but you can't major in that anymore.
Yeah.
It's not 1930s.
And if all else fails, I guess you could compete in like debate.
That sounds competitive.
Your family could get behind, right?
Oh, that's-
Boxing is a kind of debate, right?
Fist debate?
Like a gentleman's debate.
Yeah, do that Lincoln Douglas shit.
And you're like pounding the pulpit and screaming.
That stuff's awesome.
But he's gonna break his arm.
He's gonna break his-
Oh, yeah, because he's made of glass.
For baseball season, when it comes around.
Yeah, maybe get fit with one season and then with the other season, read.
Like don't do-
Oh, what if he was the biggest-
The folly, because I go with a two-sports schedule.
I like to keep my baseball in the summertime when it's summertime hot,
and then football in the fall-winter season.
Let me throw this out there, though.
What if he became the biggest, bulkiest, fittest debater?
Yeah.
And he was just a huge Hulk of a man standing behind the tiniest pulpit.
That would be cool.
I would say maybe get fit, but don't do sports, maybe.
Maybe your family will love you then.
It's hard to say.
Don't be that fucking-
No, fuck that.
Listen, I'm having a hard enough time out here as it is in the wastelands.
I don't need fucking good-looking dudes trying to take over
this very small corner of the earth that I've managed to fight off.
Carve out that little niche for yourself.
I carved out a little niche.
I don't need any sexy good bodies like, oh, me sports?
No, how droll.
I like-
I could be, of course.
Oh, yeah, but I'm in a band now, so.
I could be the greatest sports-
I pretty much just keep it the hacky sack.
Pretty much just hack.
Just light sacking during my lunch hours.
Hey, I'll be a sophomore in high school in a few days.
And while I got good grades my freshman year, I didn't do a whole lot of extracurriculars.
Like, seriously, I did jack shit.
What are some extracurriculars that you three would recommend?
Preferably something that would look good on a college application,
but all suggestions are welcome.
Austin, North Carolina.
Did you guys-
When you guys were growing up in high school,
did it seem like kids got into extracurricular activities
and you had no idea how that happened?
Like, how you even started doing that?
I had it-
Where did that train depart from?
Because I don't know how you got on board with these.
Like, people are running around doing things
and being in clubs that I had no way of knowing.
Well, my problem was, like, this idea of looks good on a college application.
Like, that blew my mind.
We're like, why are you doing that?
So it looks good on college application.
I'd be like, they don't give two shits.
In my mind, chest team and skull and bones
are like the same sort of level of shadowiness.
Like, I had no idea how-
You just stand in the hallway and yell,
I want to be chest team!
And then someone comes and they grab you
and they pull you into a dark room
and they put a hood over your head
and then the next day you're on chest team.
And you go through a blood ritual to become a mathlete.
I guess you have to be able to read.
Step one.
Step one, be able to read.
I just knew how to get into the pictures for the yearbook.
Like, I wasn't in the clubs,
but on picture day, every time every club was called,
I was like, oh, that's me!
I'm in there.
That's good to find clubs that look good,
but are not really real.
Like, we had one called, like, scroll and quill
or something like that when I was in high school,
just for people who did media classes.
It's like, I'm fine.
People who love parchment.
Yeah.
My favorite was getting in the picture
for, like, the Latin club
and the Latin teacher was looking at me going,
um, I don't remember you in any classes ever.
I don't believe you were extant.
You could do student council.
I don't even know what they do.
By extracurriculars,
do they mean school-sanctioned extracurricular activities
or can this just be, like, off-court activities
when you're not in school time?
So, like,
Ooh, I don't know.
Like, 4-H?
Yeah, like fucking boxcar racing.
Like, oh, I thought you were going even further.
Like, my extracurricular is, like, crime fighting.
Yeah, sure.
I think you should, I think you should find,
make up an extracurricular activity
that is not school-sanctioned
because then it's like,
it shows you have stick-to-it-iveness
and you have innovation.
Clever.
Yes.
Clever, clever, clever.
Clever-itis.
Clever-itis.
Maybe you start a camp that cleans up trash
in the neighborhood.
Ooh.
That's good.
Have you considered LARPing?
Maybe LARPing.
Did you even,
did you even consider LARPing?
How does LARPing look good on a college,
unless you're going for a fine arts degree,
how does LARPing look good on a college application?
If they don't think it's cool,
they won't know what it is.
Ooh.
That's a good point.
You might confuse them.
Intimidated.
Ooh, boy.
If you don't know that LARP stands for live-action roleplay,
it kind of sounds like it could be like
a sophisticated activity.
Like it sounds like something,
it sounds like something you do with students.
It sounds like you're farting with your eyes.
Falcon butt.
No, if you said you were a LARPist.
Yeah.
Well, don't say that.
Oh.
He's a convicted LARPist.
He got convicted on three counts of LARP.
It was a fair trial and an impartial judge.
It was a pretty cool case.
There's no such thing as an impartial judge or jury
in a case involving LARP.
There just isn't.
Everybody has a bias.
That's true.
That's true.
Are you guys ready for your first back to school trivia point
from the movie Back to School with Rodney Dangerfield?
Fucking Jesus.
Yeah, sure.
In the original script,
Rodney Dangerfield's character was poor,
but Harold Ramis suggested that it be changed to make him rich.
Pretty much changing the entire movie to a different movie.
Pretty much the whole film got flipped on its ear that day,
that fateful day.
Listen, he's poor and he can't do shit
because he wants to go back to school,
but he can't.
That's the movie.
That's pretty interesting.
Let me throw this out.
He has unlimited resources and he's able to do whatever he wants.
Infinite money,
but he still kind of wants to get an education.
So just so I'm clear,
you want to make a movie about an adult man who is poor
because he didn't go to college?
Like, that's not a plot.
That's not a plot. That's my AutoZone.
Jesus.
No, those guys are great.
Let's do a Yahoo Answer question.
This one was sent in by Pandapocalypse.
Thanks, you.
It's by Yahoo Answers user I'mAllYours who asks,
what are the best places for sex in college?
Just curious because sometimes it's hard to find a good place.
I try to do it in my dorm sometimes,
but it's not easy because I would never want to do it
in front of my roommate.
That would look horrible on my part.
So please, what places did you have sex while you were in college?
Thanks.
There's only one place to do it.
Yeah, in your bed.
Dean's couch.
Sorry, Dean, asshole.
McElroy!
I just had some sex on your couch, Dean.
Hey, big man.
I just had sex on your couch, Dean, asshole.
Don't sit on the middle cushion anymore.
That one's mine.
Hey, I'm cleaning that with my own human musk, Dean.
Unhuman musk is the name of my college jam band.
See those wavy lines coming off it?
That's my sex steak.
I hate you, Dean.
I hate you so much, Dean.
Why wouldn't you let me into your college?
I'm not a student here.
This is a conundrum.
This is a real pickle.
You ask your roommate to hop into the common room
and play some GoldenEye for a while.
Well, sometimes fucking roommates suck dick,
and sometimes they'll just kick in the door
and be like, sup, fucking?
Like, yeah, I am.
You can clearly, clearly see that I'm doing that.
At my school, we had two libraries,
because one closed.
And one was for fucking.
So the closed one was pretty much just for fucking,
and old books that nobody read anymore.
That's the haunted one, though, right?
The stacks?
The stacks, yeah.
Every college has a stacks I've learned.
Really?
And that's a good place to do it
if you're not worried about spectral observers.
There's one place they love, is old book stacks.
Why every episode, it's just either
we're talking about killing horses
or we're talking about horny ghosts.
Yep.
Now, someday we're going to combine those two,
and we're going to have a sixth.
It's going to be a TV series that lasts for six seasons.
It's going to start Mandy Patinkin as the voice.
As the horny ghost horse whisperer.
Horny ghost whisperer.
The horny ghost horse whisperer.
First of all, true love waits, so don't do it.
Because the last thing you need in college
is like AIDS and stuff.
But I think that your parents' house,
when you're babysitting,
when you're house sitting it.
Okay, that's a pretty specific situation.
When you're, can you go to a hotel?
Do you have those kinds of fungible assets required?
They're in college.
Yeah.
Yeah, but you can find like a motel eight for like 35 bucks.
And is it worth 35 bucks for you to get your dick wet?
They're not in high school, they're in college.
This person's on Yahoo Answers,
they're not a fucking idiot.
Like, I need to have sex, what am hotel?
Like, they know hotels.
If they want to have sex at a hotel, they just know.
Listen, but they asked for suggestions.
But if they're dating this person and burning on the reg,
they're not going to pay $35 a night.
Be like, are we getting lucky tonight?
Should I make a reservation?
You know what, you guys?
I'm hearing a lot of talk and not a lot of answers
from the two of you.
I say get over this hangover
by not wanting to do it in front of your roommate.
I can deal with it.
Yeah, give him a show until he leaves.
Call his bluff.
Do you guys know how many people are on the Earth right now?
Seven billion.
Where on the Earth can you fuck that nobody can see you?
Oh, everyone can see you all the time.
Everyone is looking at you.
Yeah, think about that.
At any given point, there's some satellite taking a picture of you
for Yahoo Maps or Google Maps fucking.
Oh, Yahoo Maps?
Yeah, I made that up.
Have you guys been to Yahoo Maps?
It's like Google Maps, except everybody is sort of a crowdsource engine
that people can just give you directions to shit.
I need to get to Dairy Queen.
By the way, don't have a one-night stand
with somebody you're in a class with.
That's a real good way to turn math 101 into avoiding eye contact.
104.
Don't have one-night stands at all.
Yeah, don't do that.
I think it's a mistake.
If you want to turn college into something shady and boring.
Do you want to turn college into just a series of pregnancy scares
and STD tests?
Yeah, what?
Listen, a ship in a harbor is safe.
A dick in a vagina is not.
No, it's not.
Don't say those two words, Travis.
Don't, Travis.
Don't say that word.
It's okay when Griffin says it, but when you say it,
you make something dirty and terrible.
A dick in a vagina.
You say it more wrong.
You say it wrong like that.
You say it like a British dock hand in the mid-1800s.
It's horrifying.
Like a vagina.
A hoi dick.
You stress the I in a way that is unpleasant to me.
So how am I supposed to say it?
Vagina.
Vagina.
Travis, god damn.
Hey, can we...
Can you...
And this is just...
I'm still coming up with ideas where you can have sex
because we didn't give this person anything.
I think that can you rent some scuba gear
and then like go in a river?
I don't think you need scuba gear for a river.
So you know, but you would need to get under the water
because then nobody could see you under the waves.
It wouldn't have to be a river.
Do you know what I'm saying?
They have scuba classes at college.
Both of you take a scuba class,
go down to the bottom of the pool,
get that wetsuit off,
take some sort of...
You will need some something down there.
I think you know what I mean.
Like a harpoon?
No, like a...
It's not gonna be pleasurable.
Oh, okay.
This is utilitarian fucking.
Like you're gonna need something.
You make me so angry sometimes
because now all I'm gonna be thinking about
for the rest of the show is whaler sex.
Thar she blows.
Yeah.
Does she?
I heard she did.
I'm gonna ask her out this weekend.
So I hope that that helps you.
I hope it doesn't.
It's really rough out there.
It's hard to find any place to have sex.
That's why people are buying houses so rapidly.
It's the only place you can do it anymore.
Can you get a timeshare with your friends,
your collegiate friends,
and you can be like,
where are you going?
I'm going to the lake house.
That is honestly,
I think that is the reason why people are required
to live in the dorms the first year,
like their freshman year.
And be like,
hey, let's make it really hard for them
so we make sure they all get apartments
their sophomore year.
And then they bow down.
It does make it really hard for them though,
because you're throwing a bunch of people
who have never lived with another person before
into a big sexy miasma of sweet,
sweet opposite sex to people.
Like how am I supposed?
I don't possess the tools required to handle that.
I'm a grown ass man now.
And if you asked me to do that,
I don't think I could.
I think I would just like run through the hallway
screaming like so many choices,
partners everywhere,
potential sexual partners.
Yeah.
Hey Griff,
if you're still single in a year,
that might be a possibility.
Maybe a back to school situation.
Yeah, that'd be a pretty sad reason to go back to school.
I will be teaching a couple of intro level college art classes
beginning the day this episode goes online.
Aside from telling me what to teach,
because I'm pretty much going to be winging it
for the next 16 weeks,
do you have any advice for me
as far as how to present myself to the class?
More importantly,
how can I drop some impressive knowledge on these kids,
i.e. keep my job,
while also portraying myself
as unpredictably volatile caricature of a teacher,
entertaining myself,
winging it in Ohio.
Does he mean like a fucking Mr. Holland?
Is he talking about like being a teacher from a movie?
Is that what he means by a volatile caricature of a teacher?
Yeah, I believe he's talking about something like
a character you might see on the show Community.
Where they're a little wacky and crazy.
I see volatile and I think straight up,
trunchable.
Oh, yeah.
I get to make them eat the cake.
Yeah, like, yeah, like throwing the Chokey.
This is what I'm talking about.
I think that if you throw somebody in the Chokey,
the day one,
and you make him eat the cake day two,
for the rest of the semester,
you can pretty much do what you want.
They're not going to shake those images.
You can just skip work a bunch of days.
They're not going to tell.
They're just sit there in the classroom quietly.
By the way, still looking for a place to have sex?
Chokey.
The Chokey.
It's a little pointy in there.
It won't be the best doing it situation you've ever had,
but you'll get the job done.
Yeah.
Just keep Matilda out of there.
I think he definitely needs to wear a tweed jacket,
but maybe a loose tie so they know you're there for fun.
Sunglasses and Bermuda shorts.
Like in summer school.
Griffin, did you say you might be a little bi?
A little high, but that maybe also.
By the way, what?
Did you guys ever have like a really cool college teacher?
Yeah, yeah.
Sure.
Who?
Sure.
This is a discussion thing, and you tell me about that.
Why would you?
Like, do you want?
Do you want to know?
We went to different colleges.
Like, do you want names?
Do you want office numbers?
Tell me, what made him cool?
Okay, I will tell you this.
Most of the teachers that I had growing up,
I, you can tell the teachers that don't know their shit.
The ones to me that I always ended up liking and respected
had never, like, never let you forget that they knew, like,
infinitely more about the subject than you did.
So I think if you keep that dangling over their heads at all times,
maybe ask them questions that they'd have no way of knowing
and then answering like they're a dumbass.
What is art?
Wrong.
Drop that shit on them one day.
Incorrect.
Incorrect. I had one teacher and he taught
one of the political history classes I took,
and he had assigned, like, all these books,
like, 12 books for reading throughout the course of the semester.
And one day in class, it was this huge, like, 75-person class.
He goes, did anybody do the reading for today?
And nobody raised their hands, and he flipped shit.
Like, just started screaming nonsense and, like, pounding his desk
and just got up and walked out without any explanation.
Whose fault is that, Travis?
Well, and then the TA just looked at everyone and went,
um, well, I guess that's class for today.
And after that, I fucking did the reading every single time.
Yeah, that's how you got to do it.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what teaching is.
Chokey day one, eat the cake day two,
and then no one gets out of line.
And then you can be cool.
They'll just know.
They have to know your loco.
That's a problem.
That's the thing.
You're never going to be their friend.
Guys, I hate this, this discussion that we're in.
I don't think I, you got to inspire these kids.
You got to, you got to, you got to put the art in them.
Can you put the art in them?
I want you to, like, day one, like, when they come in,
just have a little lump of clay.
Sing at all their desks.
And that's good because you can be like, create.
And then they'll start making art.
And then give them butterfly kisses.
And then when they're done with their art, making art,
you go around and you tell all of them how, what a good job they did.
And you go to the front of class and you say, you know, I had to do this.
And then you'd be like, because you guys are clay.
I'm going to shape you into better people, better artists.
And you just walk out of the room.
Griffin, can I amend that just real quick?
Except for one student.
Just the one guy.
One student just walk over and throw their fist onto their thing.
Yeah.
What is this shitty bullshit?
This is vulgar.
Get it out.
This offends my senses.
Or.
I will remove one of you each day.
What if.
Survivor class.
What if you flip it and you tell everyone that they did an okay job.
But then one kid who also did an okay job.
You just fucking lift him up to the heavens.
Yeah.
And then tell them at the end of the semester, like, just so you know,
I was bullshitting you this whole time.
Everyone, look at what Bradley made.
It could be like Jamie Foxx in that cello movie.
Yeah.
With Iron Man in it.
Yeah.
That movie sounds awesome.
Yeah.
Pretty good flick.
Are you guys ready for another back to school trivia bit?
No.
Okay, great.
Here it is.
One of the last shots in the opening montage is of Rodney Dangerfield golfing.
This was taken directly from his first film, Caddyshack.
I didn't know you could do that.
I didn't know you could just borrow scenes.
I didn't know you could just borrow scenes.
Yeah, I didn't know you could be like, hey, we're about three seconds short on this montage.
Has he been in any golfing movies?
Lift it.
Is that cool?
We need just a quick three second clip.
We're doing post-pro right now.
We need a three second clip of Rodney as a cartoon dog.
Can we just borrow that from you?
You know, this Jamie Foxx, Robert Downey Jr. vehicle is pretty good.
Do you have any clips of Rodney?
Do you have any clips of Robert like shooting blasts out of his hands or flying around with
rockets coming out of his feet or anything?
He's teaching him how to achieve his cello dream, but we also need him in a sweet robot
suit just for like a three second behind the back over the shoulder.
If he could be talking to Gwyneth Paltrow like that, even better.
It's common when actors, they do actually have to do that a lot when actors die during
filming because they have to lift.
Like, have you guys ever wondered, hold on, hold on, I can do this.
Have you guys ever wondered why there's that one scene in Dark Knight when the Joker kisses
cowboy Jake Gyllenhaal?
That's why.
I always wondered that.
And then he was jousting for a bit, which I always thought was weird.
Yeah.
Oh, I miss him so much.
I miss him every day.
I was just thinking about what a better movie.
I should call Michelle Phillips.
That cello man movie would have been so much better if he'd been like, and now you're
a cellist and you achieved your dream.
Woosh!
General's got it in their mouth, sir!
Like, that would be so awesome.
And then he solves the mystery with a few clues because he's also Sherlock Holmes.
Hey, I'm entering my final read, fifth year of college.
Hey, listen.
Hey, listen, I did it too, buddy.
Don't feel bad.
I've had an amazing four years and I want to make this year the best.
It's a victory lap, I wouldn't it be?
Yeah.
Hey, any fun ideas that you guys did in your final year?
Or have you heard of any new college crazy happenings?
I'm sick of beer pong and the same theme party ideas.
What is it something that will push this year over the top?
Graduating.
Graduating.
That'll really take this year over the edge.
Finish.
I heard that college kids nowadays, what they're doing in their final year
is that they are just spending it in quiet contemplation.
Thinking about their future careers and maybe some goals and dreams they may have.
Got a long road ahead of you.
Got a long road behind you.
You've already done so much.
Why don't you just consider the leaves?
You're sick of beer pong.
Maybe it's time to get sick of studying for final exams.
Maybe something like that.
I attended, we would throw an annual beach party in someone's apartment
where we would fill it with sand and then have a kiddie pool
and then everybody wore beach wear.
That was fun.
Justin, this sounds fucking, that sounds like a fucking ordeal.
How did you get the sand out?
What vacuums?
And it was, he decided that he was going to lose his security deposit real early on.
Early in his tenure.
Wait, was this the same apartment that you used to play that game
where everybody would go in the bathroom and you'd cut open a bunch of fireworks
and dump them in the sink and then light it
and then see who could stay in the room the longest?
Yeah, we did that game.
Man, you were fucking dumb.
Man, you were really dumb.
We did the game where we would put our initials in lighter fluid on the carpet
and then light it.
It's not a game, not a game.
Well, you can certainly lose it.
That's fair.
Yeah, you know what I did in my senior year is I arranged all my classes
so that I had nothing on Fridays.
So I had three-day weekends every week.
That's nice.
Yeah, it was pretty sweet.
And then that meant Friday was an all-day drinking day.
Batman Friday.
Yeah, you got, you got, let's see, Bloody Marys in the morning,
mimosas at noon, and then beer at five.
I love a mimosa.
That's how you're gonna, that's how you're gonna put, yeah.
Man, I could go for a fucking mimosa.
I know, right?
That is how you're gonna push this year over the top,
is if you find your physical limits.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, like pushers, you need to know what you're capable of
before you get into the real world.
Yeah.
Now, do you mean things like, you know, mental effort?
Like you push yourself in-
No, I meant drinking.
Oh, okay.
I was also gonna say eating challenges.
Hey, life is just one big eating challenge if you think about it.
Mm-hmm.
Can I make a note?
Uh, after I said that about the sand,
I can't remember if that's something we talked about doing or actually did.
Justin, the logistics of that is really rough.
If you went to college with me and we did that, that was cool.
If I didn't do that, just keep it to yourself, okay?
You have so many things that you did that were wonderful
with that group, with that crew you used to roll.
I feel like we could do-
Like that time that Travis gave Brandon McCoy a concussion.
Which I still feel bad about.
You should, we were playing a game.
This is another, this is another game.
And in this game, one person would wear a motorcycle helmet.
But technically it was a scooter helmet.
Uh-huh.
Because he bought it to ride in his scooter.
And we would put the helmet on and then the,
and then another party would hit that person in the head with a bowling pin.
Uh-huh.
The basher.
Now hold on.
Yeah.
What?
Yeah.
The basher was the name of that position.
The basher.
Yeah.
So the basher would hit that person and then they would switch.
So like you didn't want to hit them too hard because they were gonna hit you.
So Travis was hanging out.
It was his first time as a young man, probably still in high school.
And we said, hey, why don't you take a swing with Brandon, who's a sweet kid we all hung out with.
He's even sweeter now.
He's even sweeter now because Travis did like a kind of whirlwind, over the shoulder windmill.
A haymaker, I believe.
A haymaker, if you will.
And just drilled him.
Dropped him like a sack of stupid bricks.
Now to be fair, this was a time in my life where I was just like coming into my own physically
and I had no grasp of my own strength.
Don't try to play it off like it's your first day under the yellow sun and you're just like,
oh shit, my powers are awakened.
Like you just drilled him.
I brained him.
I brained him real good.
You had like half of Mike's heart eliminated.
Oh God, I can feel Mike coursing through my veins.
Help me.
So he got a concussion.
It's no big deal.
He's fine now.
He's fine now, I guess.
I don't know, I haven't heard from him in a while.
Since that night actually, he just kind of wandered off.
I like the story where you took Jason's iguana and you went out and you bought a lobster and
you had the lobster and the iguana fight and said you would eat the loser.
Yeah, that's true.
That's true, too.
Yeah, this is college.
This is what you should.
That's another thing you gotta do.
You gotta find a dumb, dumb group of friends and just do as much dumb shit as you possibly
can so you can tell stories about it later.
Yes, that's exactly it.
You know what?
I want to tell a story about how I need some money.
Man, my fungibles are low.
Low.
Yeah.
That's how my fun ends.
Travis, will you take us to the money then?
Yes.
Listeners Sam and Gaby would like to wish their friend Nick...
Ah, damn it.
Pronunciation, people.
What do you guys think?
CRL?
CRL!
Nick CRL a very happy birthday.
His birthday is August 28th.
He loves pug dogs and they want to wish him happy birthday and they miss him so much.
Well, they're going to miss him.
They're going to miss him.
He hasn't left yet, but presumably he's not there with them while they're reading this
so maybe they miss him right this second.
Also, hey, listen.
This is going out from Liz and we need to talk to our buddy Emil.
He's a fan, which is good, but pretty much we're the only thing in his life that's working
out right now.
Shit is rough for Emil.
Yeah, he got his house broken into, got a hard drive stolen, and like all his recordings
and musics were on there.
Ah, damn it.
Yeah.
I know.
He went through a bad breakup.
Because he found out his girlfriend broke into his house.
Yeah, hey.
Hey, lady.
That's out of bounds.
The receipt for this message got cut off.
So what it says here is the dude is S.A., which presumably he's sad, but we want to
turn it around.
The dude isn't sad.
The dude was sad yesterday.
Today, we and the dude are turning it around.
The dude is savage.
What?
Turn it around, Emil.
You're savage.
There was a roll of thunder coming from somebody's microphones when you said that.
Yeah, it was from mine.
Wasn't it amazing?
It was fucking powerful, man.
Yeah.
I hope that picks up.
Can the dude also be savory?
Yes.
The dude is savory.
This dude is real good.
But he's not sated.
He's not going to turn it around.
He's not satisfied, all right?
He's not sad anymore.
He's not sappy.
He's savage.
Oh my god, the dude is a sasquatch.
Sasquatch.
Can we get sasquatch going as an adjective for something that's working out?
That dude is squatch.
He's so squatch.
He's so squatch right now.
So squatch.
Did you see he just went and went to the big debate and he squatched it?
He squatched the whole thing.
He's so massive.
To Nick, happy birthday.
To Emil, stay savage.
Get savage.
Randy Savage.
Turn it around.
I miss you, Randy Savage.
You know, I also miss Yahoo Answers.
Here's one I found.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Quester, who asks,
when grind dancing and a boy gets a boner, are you supposed to continue?
This is sort of back to school themed, right?
Like you-
Oh, if it's like a homecoming dance.
Yeah, yeah.
This is really the only time that you're-
If you've ever been to a club or party or a high school dance
and seen people dancing with their pelvises together,
then you've just witnessed grinding.
Deal with it.
Sometimes you or someone you know has already been grounded.
Someone got thrown-
Do you know where your pelvis is at?
I threw you into the pestle and the mortar and I done ground you.
Sometimes referred to as freaking or freak dancing or winding.
No, no, not, not that one.
It's most commonly associated with hip hop and house music.
Or how most kids do it at my school.
The boy is in the back and the girl is in the front
and they make figure eight movements.
What?
Wow.
That's really complicated.
It's really focused.
Do you go to that fame school?
I said left, Debbie, left.
Jesus Christ.
I am in the league of extraordinary freakers.
I do a figure 16.
Ooh, amazing.
Yeah.
It's basically four, just two figure eights stacked in the end.
I'm sorry.
What is the question?
Yeah.
When grind dancing and a boy gets a boner,
are you supposed to continue?
No, you've won.
That's the end of the game.
That's a pretty good game.
Boner achieved.
Yeah.
You point at his boner and you laugh.
Then you run away.
There's only three stages.
Soft, hard, ground off.
Yeah.
If you keep going, the next thing that happens is
you're going to grind that sucker off.
Yeah.
Into powder.
You mean like broken off?
Like gone?
Yeah.
Like grind it off.
Just be like a nubbin down there.
I gotta-
Stop!
Stop!
Please stop!
Oh god!
Why are you still going?
Why do you have a cheese grater in there?
On there.
I just have a-
You left me with a nubby acorn.
Oh, the sequins!
The sequins hurt so much!
Oh god, the sequins are abrasive!
Why?
Why is this Maxwell song so long?
If only we could stop of our own volition.
Once you get going, man-
You know what figure eight means is infinity.
Think about it.
The mobius strip of grinding is killing my penis.
It's like a snake eating its own boner.
Of course you're supposed to continue.
That's the point.
Why would you do that thing
if that wasn't the intended purpose of it?
I feel like that scene would play out like this.
Grind dancing, grind dancing, grind-
Oh my.
It seems that by pressing my pelvis against your pelvis,
it's caused some sort of physical arousal to occur.
I can't help but notice-
How unexpected.
I don't understand why a lady is asking this question
and not a dude.
Like, what?
It's a such-
Should I make her stop grind dancing on me?
I don't deserve how good it feels.
No, I mean like-
I'm ashamed.
That is a thing that every man in his time has to deal with.
Nope.
You're wrong.
Fuck you.
You wear it proudly.
But everybody gets boners when they dance like this,
in this manner.
Maybe you didn't-
I was thinking in the 1950s-
I don't think I've ever not got a boner when I danced.
Yeah, especially if you get a figure eight.
A nice smooth figure eight going, it's guaranteed.
That's by myself even.
Yeah.
If I catch me in a mirror, I'm like, wow.
What are you-
It's like young Swayze in there.
Come on out to play, stud.
But it's me in the mirror.
I get so confused.
I'm like a parrot just tapping on my pecs in there.
Like, hey, hey, good looking.
That kind of thing.
That little, you know, that little chestnut.
And then do you stop dancing or do you keep dancing?
I never stopped dancing.
Oh, that's right.
I never stopped dancing.
I don't know what about my autobiography title.
Never Stop Dancing would lead you to believe that I would at any point stop dancing.
You can't cry and dance at the same time.
Yeah, you can.
Yeah, you sure can.
And that is the answer to what is art.
I'm a girl.
I'm getting ready to go off to college.
I'm very excited.
One thing that worries me is that I've never been kissed.
Is this something I should have experienced by now?
And will my complete lack of experience scare all the guys away?
That's from Lucy.
Oh, no, that's like the best thing.
Yeah, that's like, that's great.
You're going to be okay.
College is high school.
I don't think is organically built to do a lot of kissing.
I think people get some kissing done in there.
But I think that college is even a more flexible environment for for kissing.
To have to facilitate that.
Lucy, can I can I share something with you?
I'm going to tell you a guy's secret and Justin Griffin, feel free to to deny this.
When a guy meets a girl that he's interested in, he immediately worries about how he compares
to every guy that she's been with before in every respect.
And if you were straight up like, nope, you're the you're the first one.
That guy has got it on easy street.
I'm not worried about the guy in this situation.
I'm worried about I'm worried about dear, dear little Lucy here because she she's just
going to get you high school is good for just getting the shit beat out of you in every
way.
What imaginable not like physically, maybe, but like emotionally, spiritually, like you
are supposed to get fucking hurt in high school, supposed to get destroyed, build up those
love walls, and I'm worried about you in college, I finding a finding the wrong one, the wrong
person.
And that's so late in the game to like get hurt like that to get to get roughed up, you
know.
You got to be careful is what I'm saying.
You got to make sure you can't you can't give your your kiss flower.
Yes.
To the first Johnny come lately.
And you certainly can't call it that.
No.
Please.
Did that not did you not like that?
Did you not like that?
Kiss flower?
No, I think that's pretty much the grossest thing.
I think that's a good way to keep away all of the crappy dudes and be like, I'm sorry,
I can't give you my kiss flower.
I don't want some shifty Lothario to come.
Oh, God, hey, this is getting worse.
Uh huh.
You when you're in high school, you know, the thing about the populations is when you're
here, as you get into progressively larger populations of humans, the chances that you're
going to meet somebody who you really, really click with continues to increase.
So elementary school, no chance.
No one's ever fallen in love in elementary school, middle school, middle school.
No, never happened.
Why don't you go watch the time traveler's wife?
High school.
I would rather do that.
High school.
Yes, maybe.
But like when you get to college, the population is so wide.
You're going to meet a lot of guys that are like, just just your sword.
And it's not going to be a big deal.
You know, you kiss once.
It's like, OK, this problem is over.
But it's behind you.
Just don't, you know, don't make yourself sick worrying about this is.
This is what I'm worried about, though, is that in college I met so many women who are
just like me, except for one thing, and that was that they were fucking terrible, except
for the one thing is that they were fucking terrible people like, oh, you're just you
like all the things I like and we have such similar life experiences.
Except you're kind of a bitch.
Like, you kind of suck.
I kind of don't like being around you.
But this is but Griffin, that's the human dance.
It's the experience.
What about this?
What Lucy needs is a jaded, bitchy best friend who is older than her.
Yeah, that's going to straight up when Lucy meets a guy, bitchy best friend is like, I
don't know.
I'd watch out.
He seems like a real douche to me.
Like so my guy.
Yeah, friend who's going to like watch your back.
So sassy.
I like that.
Because you're going to lose, he's going to fall, you're going to fall so hard for the
first time that you that you meet that takes your kiss flower.
And like, you just you got to make sure that he's a good guy.
You got to make sure he's a nice guy.
And don't rush in anything you're not comfortable with.
Please, Lucy, in in in your excitement over this growing up way too fast.
Just tell just promises you'll be careful.
You'll be cool.
You're not a freak is the most important part because everybody everybody's going it's an
even terrifying playing field going to college because it's there's nobody knows what they're
doing there.
So when I went into when I went into my freshman year in college, I'd never done the butt.
So exactly.
The butt is the latest dance craze.
Just I never there are very few dances that Justin's not proficient at.
And the butt was one of them.
Now that number has dropped to zero.
Except when new ones are invented.
I'm doing the butt right now.
I'm doing the ducky.
Oh, man, Travis, if you get a moment after the call, can you teach me how to dougie?
Um, I'll see.
I got some flashcards.
I could loan you till I'm able to be there.
That would be great.
I need something that's sort of like your baby can read.
But your baby can dougie.
OK, people seem to really like it last week when I when I bleeped out a swear word and
they all wanted to know what it was.
So I think this week I'm going to bleep out because it was really too gross to say.
So I'm I'm sorry, everybody.
But did you just say it again or for saying?
It's going to be a good long beep.
Hey, and don't ask me what the word don't tweet at me and text me and ask the word is
because it's a secret for my brother's.
Will you bleep it out if we say it?
Um, maybe let's find out.
Yeah, I think I did.
OK, so here's another catty.
Uh, fuck shit.
Hold on.
You fucked up.
Here's another outtakes.
Fuck!
So here's another back to school tidbit.
Um, there's a scene where Derek distracts the opposing team's divers.
Um, it's not included when it's shown on TV because the actions he takes would have
gotten him arrested in real life.
I feel that that's a funny bit of editing.
If you went through every fucking 80s movie and said, oh, no, in real life, that would
get them in some serious trouble.
Like every 80s movie on TV would be like 20 minutes long.
Yeah, um, that gave us a real doggy doodoo with the lawn.
Wait a minute, you can't put a horse in that bedroom.
Get out of here.
Hear it right out, mister.
Did you guys know that in the film Billy Madison during the academic decathlon when Billy pulls
his shoe out of the liquid liquid nitrogen after freezing it, it's a right shoe, but
he's still wearing his right shoe, little continuity air tucked away in Billy Madison.
So now we switch from trivia to goofs.
These are this is our podcast, Top Goofs Movies.
Guys, the suntan lotion smiley face on Billy's chest at the beginning of the film changes
drastically between shots.
Say what?
Who's watching Billy Madison?
Say what, who's watching Billy Madison going, whoa, whoa, whoa.
The frown was bigger than the eyes before.
I am that person.
You're not reading these, are you?
You know these from heart.
Listen up, Director Tamra Davis.
You need to do better because that smiley face tan lotion is changes.
It changed drastically from moment to moment through the course of that one scene.
Or like his the belly cream is like a frowny face or what?
What's the deal?
Guys, I'd like to read you a user review of the movie Billy Madison, if I could.
This is one of those lucky cases where the opening sequence of a movie gives you an excellent
idea of what you're in for.
If you do not enjoy Billy's sunblock song or the bit with the penguin, then you must
turn off the movie and stop being such a nag about it.
But for those of us who happen to enjoy movies that are silly and stupid, this is one of
the best ones out there.
Seven stars.
Is that a thing?
Yep.
34 out of 49 people found that review useful.
I'm going to use that.
I want to use that information.
That's going straight into my thesis.
This review may contain spoilers.
This review may contain spoilers.
Makes it through school.
That's it.
So when Harry and Sally enter the diner in 1977, the credit card sticker on the door
reads MasterCard.
But at the time, the company was known as MasterCharge and the current name was only
adopted in 1979.
Just something for you guys to think about.
Awesome.
That's not really a back to school movie.
Kangaroo Jack.
Search.
Trivia.
Jerry O'Connell made the worst decision of his life and was in this movie with Anthony
Anderson.
You say that, but you don't say that when he gets those $16 residual checks.
Thanks, Jack.
I can eat this week.
He calls it his kangaroo smackers.
Oh, Jerry O'Connell, I wish I could slide you to another universe where you were still
doing it.
I just want some more episodes of My Secret Identity.
Is that possible?
God, he's been in a lot of stuff, huh?
He sure has.
You can't keep him down.
Seen him in Piranha 3D.
He was great.
Hey, Griffin.
I think he wrote this Yahoo answer that was sent in.
Okay.
Also by Pandapocalypse.
A rare double from Pandapocalypse.
Thank you.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Christian Vaughn, who asks,
A girl in my science class took my hand and put it on her breast?
I don't know her that well.
And does this mean something?
BTW, I can't find a good category for this one.
Oh, shit.
He put it in women's health.
She wanted a check.
Hey, could you look for lumps for me real quick in the middle of science class?
This is science.
Palpate me.
I need it.
I might bleep that one out too.
Kids are the worst, aren't they?
Yeah.
This didn't happen to me.
I can't tell if this means something.
Fucking of course it means something.
How could it not mean something?
Griffin, but I'm going to tell you a little bit deeper.
What if he's asking, like, does it mean something in like a Da Vinci code kind of way?
Does it have a bigger meaning in the-
Yeah, like what's she telling me about myself?
I think it means that Jesus had a son.
That's what Da Vinci-
The codex has been cracked.
You've done it, Griffin.
I mean, like, it means something in the most-
It means she wanted you to put your fucking hand on her breasts.
Like, yeah, it meant that thing.
It means that she's into you and she wants you to-
Why are you fucking-
You're on the internet right now and you're fucking typing in a question
when you could just be squeezing a bosom over and over again all day long.
This girl in my science class put my hand on her breasts and she said,
yeah, yeah, get in there.
Get right in there.
I want to be inside this kid's head where he's going, huh.
I want to be inside his hand.
I feel like this is indicative of something.
I don't understand.
She's just playing me hot and cold.
She's like touching your wiener and you're like, I don't know.
What does it all mean?
What is this-
Griffin, can you cut out the part where I said I wish I was inside the hand
of the kid squeezing the high school girl's boob?
No, no.
But I will turn the volume up.
Wait a minute.
That's the opposite thing of the thing that I needed.
When you heard that audio get pretty bad back there,
that was that because I had to blast Justin.
I want to say I'm not sure about the mental state of this girl
when she needs a hand on her boobs so bad she just reaches out,
grabs her wrist in the middle of fucking science class and just plants the hand.
Well, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Was this fucking science class?
Because it makes-
Oh, that explains everything.
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
So you're going to get some blood down in those parts, like engorging it.
It's going to hit your pleasure nerves in your pleasure cortex.
It's going to fire all your synapses.
Is there a worse word?
Than engorged?
Engorged.
I don't think so.
What if I said engorged?
Oh, God.
How do I know if a girl likes me?
Guys, I think something might be wrong with my ass.
If you have one, there's something wrong.
My ass is missing.
It's a crime of the century.
That pink panther got in there.
What a rascal.
What a rascal.
Get out of there, you thief.
Trix Rabbit got bored trying to get Trix.
He stole my-
Oh, I'm definitely going to miss one of them.
Yep.
I'm not catching all these-
You gotta catch them all.
That was actually the plot of my favorite Atari game.
Catch all my-
They would fall from above and you'd have a peach basket.
Hey, listen.
My wife is completing her teaching credentials for the state of California,
and will begin teaching the second grade next week.
It's her first time in the classroom of her own,
and since we're both big fans of the show,
I wonder if you have some excellent advice for her to make a good first impression on her students
and kick the year off right.
That's from Root.
Kick a kid.
Kick a kid right in the-
Right into the chokey.
Yeah.
Then make him eat the cake.
That's day two.
I feel like that should be on every syllabus.
Day one, I'm going to put one of you in the chokey.
Don't let it be you.
Day two, one of you is going to eat the whole cake.
Can you hammer throw a child out the window for eating two M&Ms?
Fire braids.
Fire braids.
Fire pigtails.
God, there is one person out there who has not seen the hit film Matilda-
What the fuck are they talking about?
What are they on?
But I love that in your mind, everyone else's scene is going,
oh yeah, okay.
That is just the fucking best movie.
Any movie with Rusty Root's Send Me On My Way in the soundtrack
is pretty much going to be a surefire hit.
Really, Griffith?
Because that also includes George of the Jungle with Brendan Fraser.
That was Dr. Fraser's best work, if you ask me my opinion.
Does he have an honorary letters degree from somewhere?
I listened to that song last night during a night of rabble rousing
and there is not anything better in music than the breakdown at the end of that song
where the Rusty Root guy's like,
like just fucking losing it.
Sounds like a hippie ghost.
Let's see, she's going to begin teaching the second grade.
What did I like for my second grade to me is like the last one before it gets tough.
Oh, shit gets rough.
When you get third grade, you're going to get multiplication,
division, and cursive if they're still breaking it down the way they used to.
They're not doing cursive anymore.
What?
Yeah, they've stopped doing cursive.
No, fuck you.
Are you kidding?
Shut up.
Oh, I swear to God.
You can't just stop doing cursive.
You can't because all you got to do is teach a kid how to fucking sign his name.
And then that's all that's all the letters that they're going to need to know.
When do you use cursive except to like sign your-
No joke, guys.
When was the last time you wrote in cursive?
Don't you have to use cursive when you write a check?
That's no.
What?
No, that's what I've been doing.
My bad, my bad.
You don't do that.
What the fuck?
That's why it takes me forever to pay off my debts.
Are you shitting me right now?
Can we pause the sh-
I thought that was the thing.
I felt like that was the thing.
Like you had to write the amount in cursive or something.
Root, I'm very sorry.
We cannot offer your wife any more practical advice
because the rest of the episode is about this.
What the fuck, Travis?
What the fuck are you talking about?
Clearly, I'm wrong.
Clearly, I accept it.
No, no, no, no, no.
We're going to incept this.
We're going to incept this. When did you start thinking
the whole thing needed to be in cursive?
I believe it was in fifth grade when we played the Game of Life.
Or maybe it was sixth grade.
Game of Life at Comac.
And we got checkbooks and we had to fill out checks.
And I believe I was told it had to be in cursive to count.
And maybe that was just for the game,
but that carried through the rest of my life.
So you can do an-
I'm actually, I flipped it.
I'm a little jealous right now because if you asked me,
I could maybe do,
I'm going to say like 15 lowercase letters in cursive
and like, no joke, eight uppercase.
I can do the whole alphabet without thinking.
Fuck off, man.
That's so crazy to me.
Like-
Now, sometimes I have problems with the S's
because that shit gets really tricky.
How come the lowercase letters are so much easier than the-
Like the lowercase letters seem pretty reasonable.
Like an N is just like an M and an M is like an M with extra hump.
Like I get all that.
But once you get to uppercase, it's like when you make a Q,
when you make a Q, you have to draw a tiny maze.
Like-
My favorite is things like it's a T
and then you put a line through it and it's an F.
Like those two letters are so far apart in the alphabet.
And so it's like, oh, I can just make this an F
and put a line on it.
If you told me that you would kill my cat
if I couldn't draw an uppercase cursive Z,
I would just start digging a little hole.
Because this is not going to happen.
I'm fortunate enough to have a G in my name,
which is a real tricky character.
It's got like eight loops in it.
It's got like a bunch of loops.
And like, I sometimes I'll bust that out of parties
because most people, they have erased the uppercase G from their mind
so that they can remember lyrics to a rusted root song.
Travis, can you do me a favor?
Can you, without looking, write a cursive alphabet and scan it?
Can you do that and put it up on the forums
so people can see your talent?
When you say-
Because I don't believe you.
When you say without looking,
you mean like without looking on the internet?
Without doing any research.
Without looking at the paper.
Yeah, without doing any research right now,
and now, not like right this second,
but as soon as the show's over, do that.
Like write the whole cursive alphabet out.
Yes, I will do this.
And then scan it or something.
I will do that.
Put it up on maximumfun.org forums.
I will do that.
Blow everyone's minds.
Jesus, Travis, you're killing me.
Let's put this thing in park.
Okay, I want to hear Griffin's last question.
I'm kind of freaked out right now, but I do want to hear it.
This has been my brother and brother and brother and me.
As you heard, we live at maximumfun.org.
There are forums there.
Every new episode has a place on the forum,
so come and discuss this one.
If you have other questions,
we try to be in there as much as possible to chat with you.
There are many other, find maximumfun.org,
Maximum Fun Productions.
This is Jordan Jesse Go.
There's Judge John Hodgman.
There's our buddy, stop podcasting yourself.
You can listen to all those.
Find them there at maximumfun.org.
We're on Twitter, if you like that.
That's your jam.
We're at M-B-A-M is our Twitter name.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of their song.
It's a departure as our theme song
from the album Putting the Days to Bed,
which I just assume that everybody's buy at this point
because it's like the best album.
Well, here's what you do.
You buy it, you listen to it, you delete it, you buy it again.
Yeah, just keep that cycle going.
You got to refresh because the MP3s, they get dusty.
They get dusty after about a week or so.
They'll start to wear out.
Hey, so we want to thank people who,
we love it when people tweet about the show.
They include the M-B-M-B-A-M hashtag
to use the Twitter part launch.
Thanks to Jam Cully, Silly Will, Ham Doctors as always,
Granny Danny, Dan Napolitano.
Dan Napolitano.
Yeah, I nailed it first time out.
Sure, why not?
Rory, Michelle, Doughty Game, James Gowdy,
everybody that has talked about us.
We really do appreciate it.
Nick, Leith, Nick Reith.
Sorry.
My favorite Twitter user is Mr. Face is my favorite.
I wish you wouldn't say these things to me.
Sorry.
Wish you wouldn't do that.
So just tweet about, you know, our show with some quotes
or do like some people do and just tweet
about random things that are happening in their life.
Like when our buddy Mason, your face got stuck
in an elevator decided to keep us updated on that.
I'm glad they got out.
I appreciated that drama.
Pretty touch and go there for a while.
It was pretty good.
But also you should leave the M-B-A-M hashtag search up
in your Twitter client of choice because it gets crazy.
It gets pretty wild.
Yeah.
Guys, thank you so much.
Yeah, thank you as always.
You guys are the best.
Share it with a friend if you can.
If you get a moment, just like show them our sampler.
Just get on YouTube and search M-B-A-M.
It's like the first thing that comes up and just like
show them that and maybe they'll like it.
Maybe it'll be something you can talk about with them.
And if you want to get a personal message
or a business message on this show,
make sure you go to maximumfund.org slash Jumbotron and check that out.
And just get up on it.
Thank you so much.
All right.
Hit it.
Griffin.
This final back to school Yahoo question was sent in by Jacob Locker.
Thank you, Jacob.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Vlad T who asks,
will a horse poop out a wallet
or will it get stuck somewhere in its digestive system?
I'm Justin back in school.
I'm Travis McElroy.
The horse is in school.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
I swear on the...
Keep your heart.
Three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart.
Three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Keep your heart, play your part.
