The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to the one we're phoning in, because the Max Fun Drive is over,
we got your money, and now we're just going to fuck them. These laurels are awful comfortable.
Oh boy the laurels. We put out the best shows that we could. Still not good enough for some of you,
that's fine. I hear you. I hear you. But you know what, we're doing our best right now.
But not, no, no, sorry, sorry, sorry. We did our best. That was our best. We did our best.
We're all out of best juice. I am giving a solid 63 percent.
Welcome, my brother, my brother and me to Vice Show for the Magenera. I'm your oldest brother,
Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. Now I did want to mention here at the top of the show
that we, like sort of one of the things that we talk about during the Max Fun Drive is how your
money has helped us expand, and to that point I'm really excited to announce a new project that I'm
working on. It is a home improvement podcast, fan cast of the show Home Improvement. No,
it's an actual, I improve a home. It's very specifically a specific room in that home,
which is to say, and by room, I mean part of the, I'm talking about showers. I'm doing a new show
and it's all about improving showers. And is it your own? Yeah. Where are you starting? Like what
shower gets the first episode? You know that saying, don't shit where you eat?
Yep. I'm shitting right in my, right on my dinner plate because I'm doing it right in my own master
bath. You eat in your shower? I don't know if you hear that noise. That's my co-host on the show,
Matthew. He's a new friend of mine that I just made this morning. But we're fast friends,
brothers one might say. We're basically the new property brothers, but just friends. And
technically he works for me right now. And so yeah, he's just in there banging away. And this
is also technically, this is the first episode of Shower Boys, which is why I decided to call
the podcast because it's just me and Matthew just like living it up. In the shower. I heard him
weighing in on this just now. Yeah. He speaks mostly through Morse code as he bangs on pipes
and tiles and stuff like that. Um, if Shower Boys doesn't work out and it won't, then we,
I think we could pivot and do like a prank show where we just steal people's showers.
You know what I mean? Maybe, or maybe like a, another funny prank might be you ruined the
podcast that we do. Now how did I, how? Just like now. I mean, it's a good example now
of how like you're ruining it now. Just because of the banging and the clanging and the clattering.
Well, people like the, people like a sense of place, don't they? This is technically,
this is some people's ASMR is pipe banging. You think people are triggered by the sound
of tiles being destroyed? Oh yeah. He is really fucking them up. He's going hog. I think he
actually, I think he maybe, I think he might actually be able to hear what I'm saying in here.
And I think he's like trying to show what a big strong boy he is in the shower.
Griffin is Matthew a big strong boy?
He's a big boy. Yeah. He's a big strong lad. Um, he's in there doing it all by himself. He's like
going to get that, that, that play out by himself is like, damn, damn, Matthew back at it again.
Oh, uh, okay. So this is an advice show where
about showers. This is the, remember it's both shows and also shower, but this is two podcasts
together. Um, open, just take the left earbud out and you're going to hear shower boys in the right
earbud. Now there's going to be a lot of crossover. Um, you actually don't want to take any of your
earbuds out. You might miss, uh, um, here's just sort of a programming note about shower boys.
Um, all right. I'm worried that I'm, I, if I'm going to be sort of the mouthpiece,
like, I guess shower boys conceptually, as I've imagined it is I will sort of talk about like,
what, what the shower is and like what my vision for it is while he does all the work. And then
I don't think I'll have much to add in terms of like practically useful information. It's just,
basically it's going to be me talking about what showers do while you hear banging and clattering
in the background. Sounds great. Um, I actually have, do you think that would be a pretty good
podcast? Just like interviewing people who have actual skills about how to apply those skills.
Just like maybe it's just called like how grownups do it and just ask a grownup how they do it.
He is just busting ass in there. He is kicking the shower. I've watched enough home improvement
shows to know that you messed up by letting somebody else do the demo. Demo is the easy
part. That's true. I actually have, I actually have Richard Carton in there too and he's keeping
an eye on shit. You paid for a Carton appearance fee? No. Are you crazy? He was outside jogging
and he needed to take a shit. And I was like, you can use my bathroom, but Matthew's in there. Can
you keep an eye on stuff? And Carton's just been laid up on that toilet for like an hour and a half
now. I walked in, I peaked my head in there just like make sure he had, you know, TP and stuff.
Make sure he was doing okay. Make sure Matthew wasn't too uncomfortable with the whole situation.
And, uh, uh, he was white as a, white as a sheet. Wait, Matthew was? Or Carton was? Both,
both, but Carton whiter. I think a pretty good joke to do if you're Richard Carton
is invite someone over to repair your shit and then just stand near them kind of like judgmentally.
Like, well, not how I would have done it, but oh, you're a freak. I don't think so, Matthew.
I'm not sure, Matthew. I have them locked in there. I should point that out too. Both. What?
Both. I have both of them locked in the, in the toilet chamber. Oh, so do you think the
banging is actually him trying to escape? Do you think the banging is him trying to kill Richard
Carton? Like a mouse hunt situation where he just can't catch that rascally carn? God,
how did Richard Carton get so tiny? I can tell you, I can tell you how he's been just based on
like the time to like, um, mass exodus ratio. Like, um, he's, he's probably like dropped like a 120
pounds in the John. Maybe that sound isn't like Matthew banging on tiles. It's just car and
shitting in the toilet. Just dropping hammers. Listen, listen, I'm going to ask a question
for advice. Okay. That's what this show's about. Hey, thank you everyone for max fun drive,
by the way. It was really awesome. We love you. Yeah. You all killed it this year. It went so
well. We're um, yeah, we're pleased as punch. Very pleased. I apologize. I genuinely do apologize
that this work is happening behind me. It's either this or the show's late. So we thought
this would be better. Um, so we're sorry. I will not stop thinking is hysterical that a man is
hammering two feet from where you're making your show. I'm an adult woman with a job and stuff,
but sometimes babysit for a family friend, uh, for arguably too much money. The family's great.
I chill and play video games with the kids and their parents always tell me I can invite my
boyfriend to join too. They don't know him super well, but he's cool. My question is this. If I
bring him over to play video games and watch movies, do I have to split the cash with him?
That's from confused caregiver in Canberra. Where's Canberra? Australia. I think. Okay.
Pulled that right out. Wait. Yeah. You guessed that. Ask Matthew. It is in Australia. You
fucking crushed it. No. So, um, uh, so it's the capital by the way. Good job guys. Thank you.
Oh, I got it. Um, I here's, here's the way to solve this. He's over there. You're playing
in what? Halo two with them on this, on these kids, first generation Xbox that they don't have.
Um, and you're racking up sweet kills and stuff. Um, and then one of the kids, uh, you know,
falls down a well, but just straight up baby Jessica's themself, like real good.
While playing Halo? No, you you're distracted by, you know, getting,
getting all the great scores and the, you know, the, you know, the stuff that happens in Halo
and, uh, kid baby Jessica's died. And does the blame, does the blame get split equally between
you and the boyfriend? Because if not, the money should not be split. Does that make sense?
I mean, yeah. If something horrible happens, if something horrible happens to the children,
then, and your boyfriend's over, but you're the babysitter. You're the one whose name is on the
contract. Um, I feel like you're the one that's going to get in trouble. Like that's why they,
that's, that's all a babysitter is. It's just like a person to carry the blame.
I'm more confused as to why you jump to a child and not just like the kid gets sick and throws
up. You jump to like baby Jessica well situation. I feel like that I'm more confused about why
why that was your something bad that could happen. It's literally the worst thing that can happen.
It's a really bad thing that can happen though. Because even the kid, like, like if the kid does,
like the problem with the well is, okay, listen, babysitting scenarios, the kid eats poison.
Ow, well, easy come, easy go. Kid falls in a well. The impetus is on you to get the kid out of the
fucking well. Right? That's still a problem you can solve ostensibly. Yeah. That's a solve. That
is a solvable problem. Like if you're babysitting my kid and the kid falls out well and I come home
and the kid's still in the well, you're not getting a tip. Yeah. You know what I mean? That's fair.
Why didn't you get the kid? That is fair. I just think, yeah, I think you don't split it. I think
it's yours. This is your job. If I'm at Arby's and my, my wife comes to hang out with me at my,
during my shift at Arby's, I don't give her a portion of my Arby's paycheck. I give her,
you know, some curly fries and maybe a big fish sandwich. This is a, that's an excellent point.
Like, is the boyfriend doing anything to help or is he just there? Is he doing burpees? Is he
changing diapies? Is he, is he just guarding, is he just, is he guarding the well? Is he just
standing at the ready at the well like a fucking goalie looking for like incoming kids? Because if
he undertakes well guardianship, I feel like that's worth 20%. I think you need a flow chart
of percentage of if he does this much, then he gets like a 10% like well guarding fee, right?
If he changes one diaper, it's like 2% per diaper, right? And then you have just, you have like a
star chart, kind of like he gets a little check marks and gold stars to determine how much of
your sweet babysitting case he's going to get. Yeah. I don't think you can let him interact
with the kids at all. Cause if he does that, if he helped like, if he helps one of them reach the
cookie jar or God forbid teaches one of them a valuable life lesson, you're sunk. You have,
that's a legal claim. If you see him turning a chair around to sit backwards on it, you get him
out of the house. He's trying to get some of your money. Yeah, absolutely. What if he, what if he
comes in, what if the boyfriend, you don't give the boyfriend any money though. You may want to
fold him into the operation because what if you don't give him any money and then as you're
leaving, he like looks at how much the parents gave you and he's like, listen, just friend to
friend, you're really getting raped over the coals here. If you call Dylan's babysitting services,
we will, we're going to cut you a very, very optimal rate. Friends and family. He undercut
you. Yeah, he got undercutter. Let's, no, here's you, Susan, you stand over here. I'll stand right
here. We'll let the kids decide. Which one do you want to come to? Oh, but then it turns out he's
got a potty full of bacon. He's got, what? I was going to say fun size Snickers. But kids can't
smell that. That's a good point. You mean something aromatic. You stink like Snickers, old man.
Do you guys want to Yahoo? I smell the stink of Snickers on you. Please let me read this Yahoo.
Okay. Okay. I'm being quiet. I don't, I feel like I'm being more quiet than I usually am.
Just cause I'm. You don't want to wake up Matthew. Well, I don't want anybody. He's falling asleep
while chiseling. He could be on Twitter right now. Just like putting up all the jokes as I say him.
And this is a, this is a closed set. Um, a bunch of people sent this in, including a guy named
Travis Pace. Thank you, Travis. This is by Yahoo Answers user. You're welcome. They're anonymous.
Um, we're going to call them. There's something trending called dingus day. Oh, it's an actual day
in. Okay. There's a day it's Easter Monday is called dingus day. And well, sorry guys. I got to
take a break from the show and learn everything about dingus day. Dingus day celebrations are
widespread and popular in Buffalo, New York, Wyandotte and Hamtrak in Michigan, South Bend
and La Porte in Indiana and Hanover, New Hampshire. Give me a minute. There's something funny in here
because it's called dingus day. Yeah. You feel like it almost has to have something.
Then it just seems like second Easter they do a polka and they exchange eggs and they roll eggs
and stuff, but they call it dingus day. That seems disrespectful. It's like good Friday
and then Saturday and then Easter Sunday. And then you follow that up with those,
that the high holy day with dingus day. It feels like it should be something like
Mondo Monday or something like it's going to be awesome. And not like you're a real
dingus day was created in Bible times and it was created to as an opportunity to make fun of the
people who thought Jesus was down for the count. You just come around like, I told you, I try to
tell you, I said, my boy was coming back and you're like, nah, nah, nah, but look at the stone.
It done rolled away. Dingus. Give me an egg. Anyway, happy dingus day to everybody. Uh,
this Yahoo was asked by dingus day, uh, brother to Morris day, uh, uh, dingus asks
if I let a bee sting in on my male part, will it make it bigger? One more time.
If I let a bee sting in on my male part. Oh, Matthew's loving this one. Will it make it bigger?
I'm talking about his hog. If you get a bee sting up on there. Oh my. Are you going to get some
extra shove meat? Yes, but not for permanent. So you're going to have to time it till just before
the reveal. Travis, you didn't get that, but you didn't get that, but out fast enough. As soon as
you said, yes, I let a bee sting me on my Johnson. But now Griffin, you're going to have to just keep
having a bee sting you every hour. I don't know how long swelling lasts until the reveal and God
help you. If you get a career in pornography, then it's like before every scene, like bringing the
bees, you get a fluffer, you get a buzzer, the buzzer brings in the bee. I didn't know if that
was clear. Um, I have a, I have an idea for a 300th episode celebration. Um, for a 300th,
we mark this very auspicious occasion, uh, by going one episode without fucking talking about dicks.
Like just one. If we could just do one where we don't talk about hogs or I don't know how to hear
the phrase hog or Johnson or, or dick, just like one episode without dicks. What about, what if I,
what if I call it, and this will be appropriate now because of the bees. If I call it my lumpo,
I mean, I still, I'm still my lumpo bumpins. Hi, I'm Lumpo bumpins.
Do you have an epi pen? I got to be honest. Uh, I, I don't like a lot of Ted Nugent tunes,
but a Lumpo Bumbo is probably the one that I can groove to the most. Probably my favorite
Ted Nugent song is Lumpo Bumbo by Ted Nugent. The delicious candy treat turned rocker.
Yeah. It was his follow up to Cat Scratch Fever where he said, what other animal could inflict
pain on you, but in a sexy way. I've got it. Bee saying my nail parts. Bumbo, Bumbo.
I did that too loud. Now I'm embarrassed.
Matthew knows too much. You can't let him leave. And then he was about to release a song and then
he saw Striper in their uniforms. It's like, well, they've already got this bee like locked down.
The whole bee thing is really there. They have a whole choir of Lumpo Bumpos.
Where do they get the bees though? That's what I want to know. How do they,
do they have a special compartment in the bus and their tour bus that all the bees sleep in?
This is why, this is why all the bees are dying out. The answer is no, right? I mean,
the answer is no. Yeah, Justin. I mean, it's just like Bugs Bunny cartoon
where he gets stung on the hand and his hand swells up. Unless, unless.
I mean, you get that, there's like that bees, that bee sting like lip gloss that was real hot
in the nineties until it definitely probably killed some teens that you would put it on your
lips and it would sting, but then your lips would get kissable, plump, kissable, plump, kissable
Bumpos. So you want to plump up your bumper. I think if you're plumping those Bumpos, then
you're, I think a bee sting would absolutely work. I don't think it is a, I don't think it's a great
solution. I would be curious as to even if you did discover that the answer was a definitive yes.
Bees are not the most sort of like tamable creatures. I mean, what are you going to
rub some pollen on it? Like how do you train a bee to sting your dick? Well, you would have to
make the bee feel threatened by your dick. By the way, because a bee sting, you does kill the bee.
What a fucking, what a, what a pristine end that it, what a meaningful, what a meaningful death
for that, for that poor bee. How did you go? Oh, good news. Bee St. Peter. Uh, I sting the dudes.
What? St. Peter. St. Peter. Well, no, it would be, it would be the, the Hyena Net Cheerios bee is
probably the first face you see in bee. I believe his name is Buzz. Okay. Well, great. Good work.
It's not mine. I think his name actually is Buzz. No, I know. I'm saying shitty job, General Mills.
It's very first thought. Who are the five bees you meet in heaven? I could only come up with like
three. I mean, there's like Buzz and then all the stugs in a bee movie. The bee from The Simpsons,
I guess, but he's a man in a bee costume. Yeah, I was gonna say the, the fly from, um, uh,
Rescue Rangers, but he's a fly, of course. Zipper is a fly. Yeah, not explicitly, not a bee. But not
a bee, but like, I'm just trying to think, why is there such under-representation of bees in the
media? I mean, they made a bee, they made a bee movie. Most animals don't get like, hey everybody,
it's an armadillo movie. No, we got a bee movie. No, because they cause leprosy. That's not true.
I've got another question here. Uh, I cohabit, is that the word? Cohabit? Cohabit with my S.O.
Her mother continually buys furniture items that are likely to be used by both of us. Bed frame,
dresser, rugs, etc. While this is great on the one hand as I get new shit, I also abhor my mother-in-law's
taste. All these items are gaudy and usually poorly made. The real trouble is that I try to
politely say no, I don't feel like that fits our decor, but these things just keep showing up in
my house. How do I get an in-law to stop buying me invitation Victorian shit when I'm more of an
American craftsman kind of guy? That's from settling in Seattle. P.S., if it helps, my S.O. has no
preference on one style versus the other. Uh, I'm confused because I, at first when I heard this I
thought it was like she was gifting you this stuff because y'all like weren't getting your own stuff
or you couldn't get your own stuff. In which case, I thought it was like a gift horse scenario.
Whatever the next time, um, your mother-in-law, uh, brings over, uh, some furniture you say,
oh, sweet firewood. And then she's like, what? And you're like, I said, oh, sweet firewood.
And then you just sit in silence until she leaves the room. That's good. I called it, I called it
kindling. Kindling. Thanks for the kindling mama. What if you, every time she brought you a new
cabinet, you put an armament in it and you shut and locked it and you opened it up again and said,
nope, not this one. I'm sorry, Griffin. I'm sorry to do this. It's the key. It's not the cabinet
because later they use it on a trunk. They use it. So it's not, it's not cabinet specific.
But as long as the mother-in-law doesn't know that. Yeah. Yeah, Travis. Obviously I know the secret
of the magical source, the arcane source for Indian in the cupboard. Um, but I, I, I, you,
you're just looking for a way to get rid of some old furniture. And I think this is a good one.
Why'd you go, why you gotta put me on blast like that, Travis? You know, I'm in a
vulnerable place right now. I just love you so much. Okay. Love you so much. I had to do it.
I think that, uh, I, okay. I had a question as we were reading this question,
which is you keep, you use the phrase S O. Are you using mother-in-law to literally describe
someone who is now legally related to you? Or are you using it for shorthand of a significant
other's mother? Like is she using it legally or casually? Yes. I've never met anybody who's used
the word in-laws casually before. Well, see, I wouldn't think that either, except that they say
S O rather than to just say like wife or husband or like partner or anything like that. Maybe it
stands for superior officer and they're in the military. I have a new three step process for
this. Uh, for, for questions like this, it goes like this. Are you going to say shit? This is a,
this is a flow chart. Okay. Are you going to say shit? If yes, the problem is solved. If no,
go to step two, step two, fucking learn to live with it, my man. Cause that's it. That's all you
got. I thought you said there were three steps. Yes. There's, well, it's a three step flow chart.
So there's three questions. It doesn't fucking matter. Listen, either say something or tough it
up. You got furniture. Okay. This is, this is not that big of a problem. Just put your drinks on it.
You know, look at, look at this way. If she's not worried about your taste,
you shouldn't be worried about whether or not you have to use the stuff she sends you.
So we have a segment on shower boys and it's all about sort of like rehab addicts. You know,
the show rehab addicts. You know, I think that's kind of a fucked up name for a show. Don't you
think? Anyway, you know, is there, they rehab furniture and then breathe new life into it.
Oh. So we'll do like just sort of a sample episode right now. I thought that was a completely
different thing. We'll do a sample episode right now. One of you guys be this person.
I've got all this furniture. What do I do? Oh, let me see it. Oh, this is good stuff. What is this?
Is this imitation Victorian? I love the, I love the woodwork, but you say you're not a fan of it.
Yeah. I'm not a fan of it. I don't like it. It offends my sensibilities.
Okay. Here's like a bunch of stickers. Here's like a bunch of stickers. I got some of these
out of the official PlayStation magazine and a lot of these are bumper stickers I got from
the library. And then- Is this a Garbage Pail Kids sheet?
Yeah, it's a sheet of vintage Garbage Pail Kids. And I'm going to need you to actually reimburse
me for that. I got those for $200. Can I just stick the outline sticker part on it and you
keep the actual stickers? Yeah. I want you to ruin it without using it. That's absolutely what I want
you to do. No. Okay. What? Nothing tastes as good as Garbage Pail feels. Put these on your thing.
Give me $200 right now or else I'll burn your house. I don't have $200. Wait, wait, wait.
This is my favorite segment of the show or else I'll burn your house to the ground. Oh.
Will you use the furniture as kindling? No. I'm not going to solve your problem like that. You
can't backdoor trick me. So you will burn my house to the ground, but first you will remove
the offending furniture from said house so that I will be left with nothing but the furniture that
I so despise. And the stickers because I can't exchange. I can't return these.
That's funny. Sounds like a deal. $200.
$200. Storage wars. So that's another sort of angle for, oh, there he goes. There's another
angle of Shower Boys is it kind of has like, what's that show called? Junkyard Buddies where
they break into storage units. Kind of have that going on where we go to houses and we just auction
them off and then I break it in or into them and a family's there and it's like, sorry, I auctioned
it. Auction law says nine tenths of possession. This is his now. Probably the best episode of
storage wars ever would be one where halfway through the auction somebody shows up like,
what are you doing? These are my personal belongings. Yeah. I paid for this. This sucks.
How about you want another question or another Yahoo or what are we doing here?
Do another Yahoo. Yeah. I don't have that many, but sure. This one was sent in by
Michelle Cassidy. Thank you, Michelle. It's by Yahoo Answers user,
Gufu, who asks, and let me know if we've talked too much about this already, but Gufu asks,
should truck nuts be made illegal? They are distracting. Oh shit. Another contractor just
got here. Sorry. I got to welcome them into my home. One sec. Hi. If you're listening to this,
you've stumbled on another episode of contractor buddies, the sequel to shower buddies. Why now
there are two contractors in the house. They will be competing both for Griffin's money and his love.
Which contract? If you listen closely, you'll be able to hear Griffin. Pretend he's a grownup
who knows what needs to happen in order for this exchange to take place.
He has just been handed a business card by the contractor and he is forced to pretend as though
he won't immediately lose it. As the contractor outlines their plans, Griffin's going to nod
in an agreeable fashion. He will not comprehend anything that they're saying. Griffin may gesture
towards a bag and say, those your tools? Great, great. At some point, Griffin may be asked to
assist in a menial fashion with this exchange. He will do it wrong. I cannot emphasize this enough.
His anxiety over the situation will paralyze him. What a pickle. Guys, what a jar of pickles I've
got myself into because that wasn't another contractor. It was actually a private detective
looking for Richard Karn. I had to kill. I had to kill him. I had to kill him, but luckily Matthew
could keep a secret. He's just going to help me. He's going to put him in the shower wall.
But you're going to lose significant inches in your shower, Griffin.
No, I know, but I'm going to gain inches in freedom of not being in
prison because now I got murder one and card napping.
Should truck nuts be made illegal?
I was driving today behind a truck today that had truck nuts. I laughed a little bit when I saw them
at first, but while driving behind the truck, I found myself mesmerized by those things
bouncing around and I couldn't keep my eyes off of them. Those things are so distracting
that they can potentially cause accidents. Should truck nuts be made illegal?
I like how many times they said the word those things and I would actually prefer if we could
stick to that vernacular as well. Wouldn't it be great if that was like in the new James Bond movie
they pressed a button and just like deployed those things and suddenly like the enemy, the
whatever, the Spectre agents were so distracted by their pendulous nature that they like careened
off a cliff? Yeah, that would be funny as fuck, dude. If truck nuts were the new caltrops?
Judy Dench was like, check this out.
I'm back to life.
That was her leaping for her casket, right? Yeah, but now with truck nuts.
We can't. She's a dame. We can't say these things.
More like, damn, look at those truck nuts.
All right. That joke was rough. So that one was in shower boys. That wasn't a good one.
Because it needs considerable rehab. I'm going to do a little bit word swap.
Okay. Look at those truck nuts. Damn, Judy Dench. Is that better or worse? Where are we at?
It's not even a joke. It's nothing at all. Well, I was trying to make it sound like I was saying
dame Judy Dench, but instead I say damn Judy. Oh, that's good. You can use that for a lot of things.
Yeah, I mean, you could follow up damn Judy Dench with pretty much anything.
Damn, Judy Dench back at it again with the white kids.
Were they kids or vans? They were vans. Vans, yeah. It's all right. I mean,
he might also have white kids. Did you just sneak preview the next damn Daniel?
Hey, guys. This is a MBMBAM shower boys exclusive. No, fuck MBMBAM. I'm only about shower boys now.
I'm kind of just Tarzan swinging from project to project, and this is the one I'm really invested
in now, and it's the sequel to damn Daniel, and I'm proud to announce it here on shower boys.
All this talk of truck nuts has got me wanting to buy some for myself.
For your Volkswagen?
No. For my Kia Sportage. For my 2008 Kia Sportage.
I would love to see the pair of truck nuts hanging from a Kia Sportage.
That's the sensible truck nuts.
Yeah, I got a Kia Sportage, and these are what my nuts look like.
I wanted to sound cool saying that, but also very quiet.
It's important that I emphasize the 2008 because that had the most unappealing body
design of any Kia Sportage. It's the minkus of cars.
But not with this fucking cool hog basket hanging from it.
Could you put truck nuts on minkus and make him cool?
Yes.
Oh god, let's get out of this. Let's jettison.
Okay, the crazy thing about truck nuts to me, and there are many. Oh,
we'll get to the money soon in a second, but I gotta talk about truck nuts for a second.
The thing that you have to remember about truck nuts is that by definition,
what precedes that is somebody in a store and they see nuts hanging off of a hook,
and they say, I'd love to put those bad boys on my vehicle.
You gotta run it back further. Someone sat down with like a sketch pad and drew them,
and at first went, because if you've ever noticed, drew them symmetrically and went,
no, no, no, not believable. So then they redrew them so that one nut hung slightly lower,
and they say yes. Yes, yes, yes. And then a sculptor took it, took that design,
and welded it, like lovingly cast them. There's a factory where they make those,
and there's people who work at that factory as their jobs.
Mr. Johnson, thank you for joining us on Bring Your Parent to Work Day.
Please tell the class what you do. I'd really rather not.
Hey, Bring Your Parent to Work Day would be crazy.
Oh, oh, whoops. You know what? Fuck it. Money's up.
Ah, here we go. Truck nuts are a high-quality novelty automotive accessory that hang from
any bumper, and let folks show the world they're nuts. This is our first sponsor.
Available in white, blue, flesh, black, red, yellow, chrome, and green, and camo,
when you just really can't anymore. When you want nuts on your car,
but you don't want anybody to know about it or see them.
How much would you guys be willing to pay for truck nuts?
$14.99 a minute. $19.99.
Fucking $15. Exactly, Griffin. Off by a penny. You crushed it.
They're the toughest in the industry, and they're guaranteed not to fade,
chip, crack, or break. Hey, I want to buy these.
Are they going to chip at all? Is chipping going to be a concern for this hog basket?
How much nut mass will I lose over the course of, say, a calendar year?
Are these resistant from the tars and other perils of the road?
I should mention that the truck nut site, you can also get bumper stickers about truck nuts,
which there's very little funnier to me than the idea of somebody who has a truck
nuts bumper sticker but no truck nuts, as if to say, someday.
Watch this space. Watch this space. I got the first few payments in.
Exciting developments. They're coming soon.
How many Osama Bin Laden-related bumper stickers do you think are available on the truck nuts site?
Three. Did you guess two?
He guessed three. He said it out loud. You heard him.
They are selling a bumper sticker that has a picture of Saddam Hussein
and Osama Bin Laden, and it says, one down, one to go. That's not even applicable anymore.
Maybe that person was saying, that's what I'll buy my truck.
I will buy my truck nuts on the day that Osama Bin Laden is killed.
Those will be celebratory truck nuts. Where can I buy a truck vagina?
Yeah, that's the real question. What I really like is that our first sponsor is actually
Bowling Branch, and in the copy that they sent us, this is the first line of the copy,
please feel free to ad-lib the intro with a personalized story.
I think we kind of did that.
You got it.
Somebody tell me about Bowling Branch.
I slept on Bowling Branch sheets last night.
Oh yeah? How'd it go?
They were glorious. We've had them for a while now. As we wash them, they get more and more
comfortable. A thing I've never experienced with sheets before. You know why? Because they
don't worry about thread count or any of that bull roar. They just get really good quality
cotton and material and stuff, and that's what they use. And they make them real good.
And now you think, real good sheets, huh? I've been taken in by real good sheets before,
and I had to pay an astronomical price at the department store. Well, you're a fool.
You could have ordered them on BowlingBranch.com, and it would have been way cheaper because they
have way less overhead. They don't have that brick and mortar stuff to pay for.
They have a website, which is not a brick and mortar place. It's a bits and bytes place,
and bits and bytes are a lot cheaper. And now you can try them risk-free for 30 nights,
and if you don't love them, you can send them back. And you just got to go to BowlingBranch.com.
And if you go to BowlingBranch, and you use the promo code MYBROTHER, you get 20% off your entire
order. And they don't just have sheets, they got towels, they got blankets, they got duvet covers,
everything, plus free shipping. I'm a big fan, and I think you will be too.
Where's that website and the promo code again, Trav? It's BowlingBranch.com,
with the promo code MYBROTHER, all one word. Oh, you go ahead, Griffin.
I want to tell you all about Club W. It's a wonderful service that takes bottles of wine
and gets them to your house, your kitchen, your glass, and your mouth, and your tummy.
We got a special segment on Shower Boys called Wine Time. I just get loaded drunk,
really fucked up, and just keep asking questions about where they are at in the project.
You're basically describing rosebuddies at this point, though.
Yeah, that's a good point.
But if, Griffin, we're on The Bachelor standing behind them going,
you guys got a gift? What are you doing? Hey, Kale, are you feeling it? It seemed like you guys
were really feeling it. Club W, though, is going to get you wine to your house, and not just any
old wine. Oops. It's Wine Time came early today, folks. Not just any wine. Wine that is going to be
delicious, and it's going to be tailored specifically for you. There's an easy six-question
quiz that figures out what your palate is like, so that every bottle you receive is
perfectly tailored to your taste. They got a no-risk guarantee. You're going to love what
they send you. Right now, Club W is offering listeners $20 off your first order when you go
to clubw.com slash my brother. That's all one word. Of course it is. It's a URL. Clubw.com slash
my brother. And not only that, Club W is actually going to pay for your shipping on orders of four
bottles or more, and of course you're going to want it. What, are you going to get two bottles?
You can knock that out over a lunch. Take something off your duty list. Go to clubw.com slash my
brother. Get $20 off your first order now. Get some great wine. Perfect for you. All right,
this next one's a puzzle. I got a personal message. And I hope this makes sense to literally
one human being on Earth, because it seems to be specifically targeted at that person.
This is a message for Isabelle. And the message is this. That's Panini. And it's from,
we have no idea. Nobody. There's nothing in this field. Maybe the universe sort of
conspired to send Isabelle a message as if to say like, hey, go for it. Shit,
this is the singularity. What does that mean? The internet generated this. That like the,
the, the content. This is the Google. This is the Google go bot blowing off steam.
The AI consciousness wants Isabelle to know that's Panini.
I have no idea what this message means. I'm worried about it. Yeah, it's weird, but like,
thanks for the message, I guess. Thanks for the hundred dollars. Thanks for the hundred
dollars Google go bot. I don't know where you got money from. You probably hacked into
your dad's account or something. I want to, I want to read another one. Hopefully you enjoy that
Isabelle. If you're a human and not a computer, I got a message for Dylan and this is from Sarah.
Happy anniversary to the best hunky boy. Thank you for making these past five years amazing with
your premium goose cartoons in the Japanese style, pointy hair and really great hugs.
Sounds like a cool person. Honestly, to me, sounds a good person. You're my best friend and the best
cat stepfather and obese tabby could ask for. I'm so glad that I met you and here's to many more
years together. I love you. And then it says at the end, that's weird. It's weird. This is weird
guys. I'm looking at the rest of the questions that we have picked out and the Yahoo's that I
had selected from the ones that people sent in. Um, and let me just like, so let me read this.
Yahoo right now, uh, is from Yahoo answers issue. That's Panini. And, uh, they asked that's Panini.
Oh no. Um, uh, so happy anniversary Dylan and Sarah. I can't imagine when that must've been
months ago. I'm sure, but I hope in the future, maybe Sarah overshot it and she got it in like
eight months before their anniversary and we read it too soon. Maybe I'm Jesse Thorn. I'm Jordan
Morris. The federal government has millions of dollars in programs and opportunities that you
need to seize today. You're a taxpayer, right? Well, then you've got it coming. Thanks to uncle
Sam. You can learn to get grants for education, learn to ride a llama, print money the old
fashioned way, force your dog to stop being so rambunctious, make a souffle that sets and stays
set, mount the heads of your enemies on spikes, grind your own corrective lenses using just rock
salt and diamonds for all of this and more. Drop us a line. Don't wait right now. Jordan, Jesse,
go one, two, three iTunes street or wherever you download podcasts. Here's another question.
I take a prescription Ambien every night to go to sleep. While it works great, I do suffer from
one of the known side effects, sleep eating. I apparently get out of bed and make delicious,
but terribly high calorie snacks before falling asleep for good. For example, my wife informed
me that last night I made an ice cream sandwich using pop tarts and magic show. Oh, damn, damn.
What's up? You can have a pop up in L.A. with that. That's like a new hot. Yeah, absolutely.
I usually have a vague recollection of my nighttime noshing the next day,
but I'm disappointed in both the unhealthy eating and the kitchen messes that I leave.
Brothers, how can I prevent myself from creating these late night shame snacks
while still using my sleep as intended? That's from midnight. Midnight. Man, Manjia. Yeah, sure.
Sure. I can't tell a story real quick. Sure. I mean, I feel like we all have a good dad
Ambien story. Oh, yeah. Ranging ranging from the not hilarious like the time he fell down some
stairs to the hysterical like the time my car got broken into in the west end of Huntington.
Um, and this was at about seven thirty eight p.m. I called Daddy. I was like,
Daddy, I'm crying. I'm crying. I'm scared. I'm sad. My car got broken into. Somebody stole all
my tapes. And as soon as I called him, I told him what had happened and I needed him to come
come over. He his his reaction was not what I expected. I was expecting like, Oh, don't worry,
son. I'll be there in just a moment. What I got was a shit because Daddy had just popped a fistful
of Ambien. And when he showed up, he was not in a good state, not in like a safe driving place,
certainly. So I sent him home. And when I got home at around like eleven thirty. Thanks,
Huntington cops. You got there real quick and speedy like never never boy came out, didn't he?
Who came? I came, didn't I? Yeah, I came. Yeah, you came. You relieved Dad. Yeah.
And when I got home where I live with my daddy, there's a big old box, empty box of Jolly Pirate
Donuts, like a dozen. Oh, Daddy. Daddy had just taken them to church. No recollection, no memory
of these sweet donuts going going down the hatch. But unless he got like a couple and like as as
goofed up as he was, was like, no, I want him in a big boy box. You put those two donuts in the big
boy box. I believe we confirmed on a receipt that he bought a dozen. Okay. Well, we did some
encyclopedia Browning. Anyway, that's that's a good one. That's a good story. Yeah. Ambien,
I can't believe that shit's legal. You know, some people really rely on it and need it.
No, I know that, but it seems like it seems like I don't know, man. I mean, I like to get high
and party and stuff, but I've seen Dad get like, whoa, dude, like, oh, oh, started on Ambien before.
Yeah, I mean, I think the obvious answer is to lock your bedroom door from the inside because
maybe you. Okay, wait a minute. I don't know that much about sleep eating. Are you just like,
are you just like the second you wake up and start sleeping? Are you just making repeated
motions of moving your hand from a place in front of you up to your mouth and then chewing?
Like you're making that like if your robot was programmed to eat, like, are you just doing that
until you run into some food or do you have like the mental acuity to like go eat like to unlock
a door that you locked? This is a good, like, have you ever caught yourself eating like sardines and
graham crackers and it's just like whatever, like your hand's sweet. What if, okay, I've got it. I've
got it. I've got it. You gotta accentuate the positive. You set up a webcam every night. You
film yourself doing it. New hit YouTube cooking show, sleep eating with Dave. It's like that
drunk kitchen YouTube show. Yes, but it's sleep eating. This seems exceedingly dangerous.
Yeah, it seems really, you know what you should do? Oh, oh, this is even better. What does everybody
hate to eat? No matter who they are and no matter what kind it is, vegetables, obviously. So what
you do is you put a tray of vegetables by your bed every night. So when you wake up and start
sleeping, oh, what's that? Some healthy options. Excellent. These are so close. I'll just go ahead
and eat this celery with like low fat cream cheese on it. Get some ants on a log going maybe with a
few saltanas on there. And you can eat, you can like force yourself to eat healthy vegetables,
but you don't have to like know you're doing it. You know? Well, why don't you, if we want to get
you really fit, like if we want to get your body so right when you're asleep, because who's got the
time in the waking hours? Um, why don't you put those vegetables in the kitchen where you're
normally going to go to snack down, get rid of all your unhealthy food so you don't accidentally
fall into some of that and then put between yourself and your kitchen, a big fun obstacle
course. Yeah. And then do film that. Cause holy shit. I would love, I would love to peep that.
Are you kidding me? I would love to watch. I would love to watch our sleepy dad, like try to climb up
a ramp. Sleepy ninja warrior. What if it was live stream? Like, can you imagine this new sounds
trying to diagnose what's going on? Is that the new shower? They're just like dragging it in
from the front door. I don't think that's how it works. Sorry. Go on. Uh, what, what if you
could live stream it? So like, imagine you're sitting around living your life and you get a
notification on your phone. It's like, here you go again. Here we go. Time to do it. Is this the
night he dies? Is this the night? No, the obstacle course would be made out of fun, like foamy pads
and stuff. This is, it would be safe. It would be safe for the user. Um, and there will be like
referees and lifeguards on duty at all times. I gotta be honest. As long as we're talking about,
like turning your negative experience into a positive, like web streaming entertainment
experience for me. Um, let's just do a fucking cooking show because you've unlocked something
like primal and, and amazing with this ice cream sandwich made of pop tarts and magic shell
situation. Like I don't think a sober mind is going to be able to crack that potential nut.
I think this is probably how Guy Fieri comes up with most of his stuff. Most of his goods.
Just like in a full on tra- I think most of Guy Fieri's goodies come from like,
I think Flavortown exists only in his ambient mind. And then like he wakes up the next morning
and it's like the, the, the, the gnomes have done the cobbling for him. You know what I mean?
And then made a cobbler out of nachos. He's like, what? Sick. Thanks gnomes.
But it's really him. He's just fucked up.
Do you think when he bites into it, he just goes gnome chompsky?
No, what? What? What? How could this be? Is it back? It's back. It's haunted doll watch.
I got a live one here coming in straight from the electronic bay. This is, here's the listing.
I'm going to read it to you. And where I take pauses is where there are periods. Haunted doll,
ghost meter active, paranormal, supernatural, which is dull. Okay. So here's the listing.
And I'm going to read the description. It's a short one. So let me get through it.
She comes from a haunted antique auction that was held a few days ago in nearby the pointed
hat store in port Jervis. I was told this vessels and is antique and very viable for collectors,
but I felt more attracted to it because of its haunting value.
That's like, that's like I saw a $20 doll and I just can't shake how good of a value that is.
The smell attaches dolls been in it for many, many years. The spirit is the spirit of a native
American Indian just covered all the bases there. And it's a female spirit of age 18 to 24 years
old. The spirit is very attached to the vessel and refused to move on. We had some paranormal
experts who main purpose of buying spirit dolls is to help them stay moving to the other side
and not saying stuck in a vessel. This worked out well in the past with the other vessels,
but I sold as experts. I wouldn't recommend to try this, this vessel. Cause she clearly stated
she wants to remain in this vessel and it ends with good luck comma as though they were killed.
It's not a ringing endorsement. No, the thing I wanted to hit on is, um, I, uh, she comes from
a haunted antique auction that was held a few days ago in nearby the pointed hat store at port
Jervis held a few days ago. This person is flipping haunted dolls. They are downright spooky.
They're flipping these dolls. They're getting it. They're polishing it up,
taking some great photography, writing a great story and they're flipping haunted dolls.
What did you think they meant when they said they wanted to keep them moving on, Justin?
Oh, you mean like no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
From into your hands. So you can start enjoying them at home right now.
They got to stay in the haunted doll bubble.
Is there someone out there, hypothetically speaking, who in an attempt to keep this
market from becoming flooded and over saturated, cause a flooded haunted doll market is bad for
everyone, um, is de-haunting dolls is actually making them move on. I'm thinking of like the
exorcist from, um, well, the exorcist or poltergeist, um, just like, just like blasting,
busting, busting ghouls out of these dolls so that the ones that are definitely still haunted,
uh, are like increasing value. Do you think that's happening out there somewhere?
Yeah. I mean, there's got to be some kind of haunted doll decommissioner.
Somebody because like, okay, because what you don't want, you, there would have to be some
kind of governing body. Cause what you don't want is somebody to like move the spirit on from the
doll, but then continue to flip it like it is a haunted doll. So you need some kind of like
certified 100% haunted. Yeah. Like still.
Uh, what you could do is just head on over to the electronic bay and search banishing kit.
Oh yeah. And you've got 17 different, uh, results for different ways to, now here's the one thing
that does trouble me a little bit about these 17 different banishing kits is that they're all wildly
different, which almost makes me wonder, you know, are they effective?
You want, there's 17 different kinds of spirits. OVS.
Yeah. Fire type, water type, grass type, ground type, dark type, steel type, fairy type, dragon
type, ice type, flying type, bug type, psychic. Oh, oh, it's getting real in there. Oh God. I hope
that's, I hope that that buzz saw is being used on, on ceramic and not on carn flash.
Uh, well that's going to do it for us folks. Thank you for joining us for another episode of
my brother, my brother and me. Uh, we hope you had, sorry, Travis, did you have something that
you wanted to interrupt to say? Well, I just, some people tune out during the housekeeping
and I wanted to let everyone know we're coming up on our 300th episode and I'm working on like a
project for it, a sound collage. So if you would like to, you can email mbmbammemories at gmail.com
with a 10 to 15 second sound clip of you saying, since I started listening to my brother,
my brother and me, blank, thanks mbmbam. And it would be great if the blank was filled in.
What if only bad things have happened to them since they started listening?
That's great. As long as it's not really a bummer, it's gotta be funny or sincere,
but no bummers. Just the general, no bummers. Uh, cool. So, um, I don't know what to say.
What do we say? Um, thank you.
I think we say thank you. Thank you once again for everybody who came out for the max fun drive.
Um, this year we wrapped up with like 8,600 new and upgrading donors, which is like,
we, I mean, our original goal was 5,000. So y'all crushed it. Um, thank you so, so much.
Um, we'll keep doing the damn thing. We'll keep expanding, launching new, exciting projects.
Um, watch this space.
You can check out all the macro shows at macroshows.com. Um, the one I want to highlight
this week is still buffering with Justin's wife, Sydney, uh, and her sister Riley.
They put out some real club banger episodes during the max fun drive. I especially enjoyed
the how to music episode, uh, made me feel very nostalgic and very out of touch at the same time.
That's that show's jam. That's what they do there.
Um, and it's wild finding out how the kids are doing things nowadays cause it's like,
it's out there.
Just to hear Sydney talk about like mixtapes and Riley's reactions to them made me very happy.
Um, also go check out the other shows on the maximum fun network. If you're a donor,
you're supporting all of them. Go to maximum fun.org. I almost said slash donate. Don't,
not that one anymore. Just maximum fun.org and check out all the great shows on there,
like throwing shade and bullseye and stop podcasting yourself and Jordan and Jesse go.
Ton of really great shows. They're all all there, all waiting for you. And thanks to John Roderick
and the long winters for the use of our theme song. It's a departure off the album,
putting the days to bed. It's a wonderful song, catchy tune.
Uh, so that's it. Griffin, do you have a last Yahoo? Something that we can really think about
and chew on.
I got a final Yahoo here and it was, uh, sent in by, I still have this tab for dingus day open.
I still can't believe it. Um, sent in by Ethan McDermott. Thank you, Ethan. It's by Yahoo
answers user. Sorry, something's gone wrong. Dan, Dan asks, I ate a whole can of baked beans.
It would be great if the initial details were again.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother. My brother may kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
The three of you went to a cave of a big red dragon and is standing over a hoard of precious
golden rubies. And he says, what do you do adventures? I'm a dragon man.
I cast fire on him. It's very good.
I addressed the red dragon to say us. We're the hosts of the adventure zone,
a podcast about family playing Dungeons and Dragons.
Very good synergy. Commit to the bit.
I, I rolled to charm new listeners. It is very effective against all odds.
Everybody where the macro is we host the adventure zone to podcasts where we play
Dungeons and Dragons together. It's a comedy podcast.
We don't take the rules too seriously because there's a lot of them and we did not take the
time to learn them. Maybe listen to us.
We come out every other Thursday on the maximum fun network.
You can find us on iTunes or on maximum fun.org.
I think this promo is a critical hit.
