The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me. We're welcoming back
international advice correspondent Griffin McElroy from the-
Guten Morgen!
From the shining, the sandy shores of Germany.
Beach, beachy-
My, my name is Griffin.
Wow.
That's, they don't say my over there, they say mine. It's like the most confusing thing
about their language and culture, other than everything.
Some of the, now Griffin, did you enjoy any international cuisine?
I ate, I ate literally the same kind of schnitzel two days in a row.
Okay.
That's sort of my, my steez when it comes to international travel. Keep in mind,
this is the first time that I've done it. So I was really sort of setting the boundaries for
myself, but I ate schnitzel with mushroom sauce and french fries on it. And then I,
second night, like night right after that, I was like, yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and have
that same thing.
Now, Griffin, you didn't drink the water over there, did you?
They don't have the water, actually.
They don't have any water.
It's, it's all distilled locker.
It's like Dubai over there. It's pretty crazy. Now, Griffin, many people on this podcast think
that schnitzel is like a crepe or burrito because they're-
You're an idiot if you think that. If you think it's a sausage-
I know it's like a breaded, like a pork chop.
I literally had to tell Travis what it was right before we started this call.
Damn it, Griffin, you weren't supposed to tell him.
I don't know. I still don't know. You haven't cleared it up for me at all.
It's like a pork chop. It's like a fried, it's like a fried, uh, it's like a, you know how,
uh, you remember when you were a kid and you got, um-
Funnel cake.
Those, no, no, no. You got those, uh, you got those lollipops that were,
you got those lollipops that were also whistles.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's nothing. It's nothing like that.
Nothing like that. Okay.
You guys remember Nickel Maid?
Yeah.
Look, my, it's not like that either. So let's just process of elimination,
talk about what schnitzel is and is not.
Okay.
In fact, if you could just go through everything that schnitzel is not.
Okay. Let's see.
Welcome.
Taco Bell, anything on the Taco Bell menu.
Okay.
Pizza, uh, hamburgers.
No, these are just food items. You really need to branch out to other things schnitzel isn't.
Oh, you're right. Uh, frisbees, uh, lamp posts, uh, adoption papers.
Are there any, is anything at McDonald's similar to schnitzel?
Let me think, uh, chicken nuggets. I think if you took out the chicken,
although there is chicken schnitzel and then you flatten that shit down and then you made
a germiner.
Yeah. Did the McDonald's in Germany, did they have mixed schnitzel?
Uh, they do only in Dusseldorf.
Something, something royale with cheese.
I had, I had the pleasure of enjoying that when I was in Dusseldorf,
which did you guys know Dusseldorf is German for out of here Jews.
Hold on now. One second. That's not accurate. Is it?
It is.
I do not do is the German root for Jew.
And then, uh, Seldorf is come on, get on out.
Scoot. Hey, why don't you scoot?
So that's the actual official translation. I learned a lot about, um, by the way,
Germans, I'm sorry about that thing.
I said, you, your, your country is beautiful and your people are very efficient.
Can I ask you a serious, not joking question now?
Yes.
How many dudes did you see wearing lederhosen?
Yeah.
There had to be please tell me there was at least one dude.
Here's the thing. I went there for a game convention.
So I did see a bunch of utility kilts, which is like the modern day hosen.
I feel like this is our, uh, advice, podcasts and international bridge building.
Audio seminar, I think is where it's a sort of a cultural, cultural, uh, buffet.
I would say I'm off to Mexico next tomorrow leaving for that.
And I'm trying to drink all the water down there.
Right, right. You're supposed to just gulp it in big heady gulps.
And, um, uh, cause then it just inoculates you so fast is what I've heard.
I read it on TripAdvisor. They said, just dip your head under the water and just
breathe it deep for a few, for a few minutes.
Now, Travis, I do notice Travis that you just said it inaugurates you.
You become the president of Mexico when you drink the water.
Okay.
It changes hands quite often.
Also, I, I read on, uh, on Yahoo Answers funnily enough that, uh, it makes you poop to death.
So that is another consideration.
So that is, that's going to be a lot of fun.
Absent presidents is a big problem.
It's going to be a fun week. Great vacation.
Uh, lose 20 pounds in poop weight.
I recently defended my dissertation and as such can be called doctor.
While I've been looking forward to this, I now find it a bit awkward.
When is it appropriate to introduce myself with or purposefully use my freshly minted title?
And that's from newly doctoral in New Orleans.
Always.
Never.
Sometimes.
Okay.
Well, I, I wonder like, is the, I imagine if I had like a PhD doctorate versus like an MD doctorate,
it's probably really embarrassing when they're like, I'm a doctor and like,
oh, what's your specialty?
And you're like, my history.
Yeah.
Well, I don't think that's embarrassed.
I don't think that being so goddamn smart that you could go to the hardest school.
What if some, what if some dude has a heart attack over in the corner and they're like,
is there a doctor in the house?
You're like, I'm a doctor.
And they're like, save him.
Like, but you wouldn't, but I'll write a real epic essay about him afterwards.
First off, back up.
Why the fuck if you had a doctor in history, would you be like, oh yeah, I got, oh, you mean like a,
like a doctor.
You thought that somebody was like, I need somebody to volunteer their immense knowledge
of history at this.
I'm just saying that they weren't specific.
Nobody clarified.
Nobody said, is there a medical doctor in the house?
Sure.
Sure.
Well, at least if you're a doctor of history, after the person dies, you can tell everybody
how it went down.
Like you couldn't save him, but it was a beautiful eulogy.
Oh yeah.
Mark was a, Mark was a good man.
He was a truck driver.
Do you want to know about trucks?
This is history.
The truck was invented by Sterling.
I'm a doctor of truckology.
It was invented by Sterling Truckster.
Trucks, trucks are big cars.
A misconception held by many.
A car is like a horse with wheels that a man put together.
Can I be a doctor of patronizing?
Can I be a doctor of condescending paternalism?
I think, okay.
My wife is a doctor.
And when I sign us into guest books, I sign it as doctors, Justin and Sidney McElroy.
Because that's, that's, that doesn't work.
Now see, I'm just rounding up.
The majority of us are doctors in our family.
Now, now you know that it's not like you don't share like that, like a bank account.
Like when you get married, you don't confer a title upon the other.
Let me ask you, let me ask you this.
When you, when you have a baby and you take, you take the child to the wedding,
is the child temporarily a doctor for all intents and purposes?
Oh, Griffin, we wouldn't take the child to the wedding.
Okay. I mean, what if there's a ball pit?
How long does this go?
You, you have two cats now.
Are they doctors as well?
Uh, they're cats.
So they, they work in a pharmacy.
I always forget, I forget because cats are like just a perfect little ball of sunshine
that they bring like the only happiness into my life that there is.
Right.
I forget, I forget they're people, I guess is what I mean.
Oh yeah.
I mean, cats are basically people that crawl around like the girl in the ring.
But other than that, don't, don't ever.
The grudge, the grudge.
Sorry, not the ring.
There's also a crawling girl.
Is there a way to like correct?
So just don't when someone's like, ah, Mr. McElroy, like to say, uh, it's Dr. McElroy.
Nice to meet you.
The only time that that ever happened to me was in college, which was always a crapshoot.
Cause you don't know if your professor is a doctor or not,
unless you're paying very close attention,
which you probably aren't cause you're in college.
You're too busy trying to, you know, chase skirts anyway.
Yeah.
So you'd be like, hello, professor Morgan.
And it's a doctor.
And then they'll correct you.
And it's also a captain.
I think that's the only, I think that's the only circumstance where it's appropriate.
Otherwise just fucking let it fly or else things are going to get weird.
Yeah.
Just like drop doctor on them.
Just no, just don't just leave the doctor out of it.
Say my name is doctor.
I'm the doctor.
Do you think Superman walked around like, hello?
So he's got some superpowers over here.
So don't worry about those.
What do you need?
Something lifted later.
Cause I can.
Here's what you do.
You go to him and say, hi, just, just simple.
Just hi, my name's Dan.
And they say, oh, that then they assume that must be your name.
And then you say, actually it's Michael.
I'm a doctor of mind freak of mind freak them.
So just use a different first name.
Now doctor of mind freak is that.
Is that a four year program?
What can you tell me about getting your doc?
Cause I've been thinking about going back to school lately.
I'm just having a hard time nailing down a concentration.
It's actually pretty, if you go to ride aid or any other drug store and you see one of
those like 120 magic tricks in a box, if you buy it and can master all of the tricks,
then Chris angel comes to your house with Harry Blackwell, Blackstone.
Fuck.
I don't know.
Damn it.
You know, one of them street musicians, magicians.
Oh my God.
Keep it going.
I need a doctor of strokes.
Cause we're having a stroke.
I need a doctor of that.
It's like jazz, but jazz is being made by like a middle school jazz band.
Right.
It's like jazz that you squeeze fruits to get.
Ah, that's juice.
Man, I am just having a rough, rough day.
It's like when you touch your, it's like when you touch your wormy and jazz comes out.
No, wait.
Ah, fuck, crap.
It was a classy episode.
That's sin.
You're thinking of, you're thinking of sin.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Please.
Yes.
This is Jermaine.
It was sent in by Teja or perhaps Teja or Tejay.
Thank you.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Sammy, who asks,
is it safe to use maple syrup as lube on my condom?
Oh, well, I bought a bunch of condoms and it seems they aren't lubed at all.
And really the only thing I can find around the house that could make a good lube is this syrup.
Are there any harmful effects to this?
Well, there's bears.
There is bears.
You do run the chance that it will harden.
It will harden and then in a million years someone will be trying to make a sort of-
John Hammond will make-
John Hammond will make a park retreat for dumbasses.
Come see the fucking dumbest people.
They're like dumb, dumbass cavemen that got their wieners preserved in sweet, sweet amber.
Let's address the fact that whenever you eat waffles or pancakes or anything syruped
and you get that syrup on anything except for inside of your mouth,
the syrup is all that you can smell for the rest of-
until you just bleach the whole house.
Do you guys remember waffle crisp?
That shit was like changing your pheromones to waffles for eight days.
It was like it had DNA strands in it that adhered to your own
and made you produce syrup from all your glands.
Well, the dinosaurs have gaps in their DNA.
It's okay.
We replace it with syrup.
We put syrup DNA.
Holy shit.
The syrup can change genders.
Syrup finds a way.
Syrup finds a way, you guys.
Yeah, that's gonna be a huge-
Baby, it looks like tonight we're having a threesome.
You, me, and Aunt Jemima.
Okay.
Now just picture it.
Well, I can't.
You burn my cortex.
Here's the thing.
Okay.
When my- when my whole coffee table smells like syrup,
it's upsetting because I don't want it to.
But what if the- would that be so bad for a gin-gine?
Here's another-
Wait, for a what?
Wait, for a what?
For a gin-gine.
A gin-gine?
Okay.
You make it sound like a Star Wars character.
I'm gonna pretend that's German.
I'm gonna pretend that's German.
I'm gonna pretend that's German.
It is.
It's some slang you brought back with you.
The three words that I knew were
Guten Morgen, which was good morning
because the hotel clerk told me to do it all the time.
Fr端hst端ck, which is breakfast,
and also because we work with a guy
whose last name is Fr端hst端ck.
You're trying to convince us that every time
you eat breakfast in Germany, he gets a cut off the top.
And then also gin-gine, because I actually,
I'm gonna be honest, I looked that one up.
That one is-
Did a little Google, or actually over there
they call it something really funny.
My main concern, aside from its lubic properties,
my main concern is that it does not in any way
impact the prophylactic qualities of this condom
because from what I know of this individual,
it is essential that he does not reproduce.
It is more important to me than my next breath
that there not be a junior ever attached
to this gentleman's name.
I cannot have him continue this lineage.
Let's all address, the lube typically,
not very viscous.
Whenever you're trying to do some stuff down there,
you don't usually go, yeah, I really wanna get it
super sticky, like that.
I just wanna gum it up.
I wanna gum it up like Elmer's school glue.
This is gonna feel great.
It is going to, it will be a lot of tearing.
The image I can't get out of my head is,
after I eat pancakes or waffles,
and I sit down for lunch or dinner,
and there's a little bit of syrup on the table I missed,
and it's the worst feeling ever to sit your arm down on it
and be like, oh, oh, sticky here.
Hey, Trav.
And that's full body terrible.
Trav, I like hyperbole as much as the next guy,
but how is your reality that that is the worst thing ever?
That is the worst.
Have you, how many ever, like, do you know what ever is?
Is this your first day ever?
I do.
Do you never sit there and go,
where did this sticky come from?
And for half a second, you can't remember?
But the worst, Trav, it's the worst.
Are you like Jack?
Have you really only been alive for 16 days
and you're just aging rapidly?
No, Justin, I'm sorry.
I have a low tolerance for horrible things.
Apparently you've just been decent,
you've been oversensitized to horrible things.
I have been, Justin.
If that rates up there, getting a sweet elbow,
rates up there on like the worst things
that have ever happened to you.
A sweet elbow.
That sounds like a sex thing.
Yeah, they gave me a sticky bow.
Yeah.
Oh man, I hate this dumb show.
I, man, don't do this.
You listening?
You out there?
You tuned in?
How about you say, baby, looks like we don't have any lube,
but I made you some pancakes.
You don't have to get your rocks off
by ram jamming with some K-Row.
Like if that's the option, I think you opt out.
And I think you go the pancake route.
I think you get some hungry Jack
and you mix it with milk and eggs and oil
and all of a sudden you have a breakfast time.
Okay, listen, I don't wanna make too many presumptions,
but is there, does the question indicate at all
that there is a girl involved in this equation
and or another person really for that matter?
Well, there's condoms and I don't understand the science of,
I don't understand what is the process there.
Well, it lets you give yourself a familiar stranger.
I mean, if you've got the condom on there,
if that's your concern.
And then if you put syrup in it,
all of a sudden it's a sticky, whodunit.
Now, Justin, what is a familiar stranger?
Now, a familiar stranger, of course, is when you-
Is when you stare across the room going,
I swear, I know that guy.
Yeah, that's exactly it.
But in sex terms, it's when you put on a condom and masturbate
because it's like, this feels so familiar.
Where do we know you from?
Where do I know this from?
I can almost swear I know this exact jerk off,
but I don't, oh, I cannot place it.
Tip of my tongue.
Is this a biz opportunity that we're just,
is this a biz op that we're just watching fly right by?
Is this a market that needs cornered?
What market is that?
Like Uncle Lumberjack's maple condoms, maple prophylactics.
Uncle Lumberjack in it.
I would say that if I'm all for the environment,
and if we can make our products,
which are served in like a plastic container,
if we can make them do double duty,
I mean, I guess what I'm saying is,
currently maple syrup isn't formulated
to be used as a sex lube.
Yeah, well, we don't know that.
Sorry, sorry, real quick.
We don't know that for sure, but go on.
But yeah, right.
But I'm sure there could be a formulation
to where you wouldn't need to have
both of these products in your home.
Yeah.
You know, I mean, they could, chemically speaking,
I don't think this is,
I mean, you might not get as smooth of a pour
over your hot cakes, over your Johnny cakes.
It seems like once again,
we've reached a point where we need to leave it
in the hands of science.
Yeah.
How about it, science?
But I wanna also leave it in the hands of industry,
and I think we could be that industry
if we somehow trademark these.
I'm thinking SAP caps, I think is what we call them.
Okay, SAP caps.
You can go to ExtremeStraightStock, huh?
Get yourself some SAP caps.
Get on the ground floor.
Yeah, invest in SAP caps now.
It's a blue chip stock.
It's a blue chip stock, by which I mean,
it's an oo chip stock.
It's a goo chip stock.
And you can get this goo chip stock, right?
Another for goo chip?
Okay, because it-
Don't put things on your penis that weren't designed.
Here's a good rule of thumb.
Look at the box.
Does it say, this is for your penis?
If no, turn to page 38, and then flip, flip, flip, flip.
Don't put that on your cock.
Stop it.
Or your vagina, or your gin gin.
No way.
God damn.
Or your gin gin bangs.
I hate you guys.
Hey, I'm currently shopping for a new car,
and I'm hoping you can give me some,
help me logic something out.
I'm wondering if it's better to dress nicely,
you know, tweed shirt and monocle,
or dress like a hobo,
preferably with bendel stick.
Do you think it matters whether the dealer thinks
I have money to burn, or I'm counting my pennies?
Thanks, brothers.
It's from Miss Peanut.
Ooh, ooh.
Gotta use my, use my noodle.
I think the ideal situation, if I were to guess,
would be, would be up and coming hobo.
Like, hobo with possibilities, you know?
See, I was thinking like, hobo, but with exemplary credit.
Well, I want someone who says you're poor now,
but you seem to be on an uptick.
So next time you need a motor vehicle,
you're gonna remember Sim Freis and Honda Nissan,
and you're gonna come back through these doors,
because I gave you a sick deal
when you could barely scrape two wooden hobo nickels together.
I like that.
It's like the two baseball players that make it to first base
at the same time.
Which one do you take?
You take the less experienced one,
because you can train him up.
You want to take this hobo as a potential car buyer,
because yeah, he doesn't have the tweed skirt and monocle
of Mrs. Employed, I guess would be the surname.
But he's got heart.
He's got spirit, you know?
Doesn't have a cash flow to speak of,
but there could be someday.
He's got spunk.
You want to get him behind the wheel
of this new Honda Civic 2 Day.
You want him to drive it off the lot,
so when he comes back,
you know, after he,
much like the hobo in the hit film UHF
that gets an exceptionally rare coin
and then sells it for this neat watch,
you could be that neat watch dealer.
Thanks, mister.
Thanks, mister.
I got this neat watch.
Hey, let's just spend the rest of the show
doing impressions from UHF.
Don't call me Mr. Butterfingers.
Supplies.
Red snapper, very tasty.
Don't you know the do it decimal sees top?
That's a best one.
You should go in to look for a car
just doing impressions from UHF.
And now Michael Richards,
the sweetly retarded janitor from UHF.
Can we just do a quick,
let me load up Wikipedia
and read word for word the entire synopsis four times.
Four times in a row?
You think four times should be enough?
Yeah, and then, no, no, no.
Tell you what, read it four times
and then when I'm editing,
I'll just copy and paste until it's 16.
I got you.
I got you.
So I think you got it.
I think you can mix and match.
I think you can put on,
I think you can put on like a Tweety Bird,
a Tweety Bird sweatshirt, maybe.
And like a Tweed,
like a Tweed skirt and Tweed shirt.
Or a sensible skirt
and a Tweety Bird sweatshirt.
So you sit down at the desk and he's like,
ah, you know,
I'm not gonna drive too hard a deal here
because you obviously are not a woman of means.
And then you get that sweet deal
and you stand up and he sees,
what's that?
Gucci pants.
And then he knows,
he knows you got it.
A Gucci sweatshirt suit, damn.
Yeah, he actually stands up
and there's a Gucci tag on the Tweety Bird sweatshirt.
And you're like, oh, you didn't know?
This is from their Tweety line.
Sylvester's on the back
and he's wearing sunglasses.
And he's got his arms crossed like Marky Mark.
You can accomplish a lot of this
when as you're buying the car,
you say, well, as I'm picking out options here,
can you show me the binder you have
of Calvin peeing on different things
that you can affix to the rear windshield?
Because that should,
I believe that comes standard
on the vehicles you sell here.
Ask when you take it out for a test drive,
ask if you can put your,
just horse and around bumper sticker on there
as part of the test drive
to really get the feel for it.
I saw a car today with a bumper sticker
and it was a paw print and it said,
fur kids on board.
So make sure you put that on there too.
So he knows exactly.
Now, is that saying that bumper sticker
was for the kids who are on board
or that there were four kids?
No, fur, fur, F-U-R kids.
They're fur kids.
No, no, no, I heard-
Like dog babies.
Oh, fuck.
These are my fur kids.
That's awful.
That presents a-
These are my fur kids, they're on board.
That presents a real temptation
to just lean into the gas and hope for the best.
Sorry about your fur kids.
And also, I don't want to call this lady a liar.
I looked in her car, I did not see any dogs.
Okay.
Right, it's just, it's their ghosts.
Yeah, she just wanted to use the carpool lane, I guess.
In much the same way that a baby on board sign
does not keep me,
is not the binding social contract
that keeps me from colliding into people.
I do think I would be so distracted
and just sort of chagrined by someone
who referred to animals as their fur kids
that I might actually be tempted to take them out.
If not take them out, at least cut them off.
Is this a popular car buying strategy
to be so insufferable
that the salesman just doesn't want to be around you anymore?
But he also wants to make the sale.
So you could talk about your fur kids
with your Tweety Bird sweatshirt.
While you're explaining the plot of UHS.
Uh-huh, do these three things.
If you could smell a lot like syrup,
like overwhelmingly,
if you could even have maybe a little bit in your hair,
then I think that this person would,
you know, still want to get that sale,
you know, still want to get that commish,
but also just generally,
like really not want to be in your presence.
Here's some car buying strategy I learned.
I found a car that I liked
and, but I didn't buy it as soon as I found it.
And the guy's like,
I got some males coming to look at it.
And I was like, oh man, I'm not falling for that one.
You know, this isn't my first time with the Rodeo.
And then the next day I came back
and someone else bought it.
So I just bought the next car he showed me
because I didn't, I couldn't go through that again.
It was out of his hands, you know?
I just couldn't go through it.
So that would be my advice is basically,
don't fall in love
because there's always going to be other cars
and you may just be tired of looking at cars.
I know, I got there.
How about another Yahoo?
Yeah, treat me to it.
This one was sent in by Lisa Holyfield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Bryce, who asks,
I want to start a gang.
How is that done?
The title pretty much says it all.
Now this isn't any gangster with my pants
around my knees kind of gang.
I want this to be like a 1940s gang.
It needs to have more class than quote busting caps.
If you catch my drift.
Oh my God.
I'm a huge racist.
Yeah, hey man, you already got a gang.
They're called neo-Nazis.
Just go fucking sign up.
God damn it.
I'm gonna be honest with you guys though.
I would love to be in this gang.
I'll judge.
No, I know, I know, I know.
Just to listen to this guy come up with plans for our gang.
Our gang to get into.
Yeah.
What kind of shenanigans we're gonna get into.
I haven't read all the laws that there are.
Can you just walk down the street yelling,
hey, who wants to start a gang with me?
Who wants to be a part of the demon racers?
Yeah, is that gonna be a legal problem?
I've seen a lot.
I mean, I've seen Johnny Dangerously a few times
and I don't think any gang is gonna like the cut
of my haircuts jib.
I don't think my haircuts gonna cut the mustard.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Yeah, it's like too shaggy, I think.
I think you've got a-
I like it upstairs with like a real-
You've got a real, I would say, a hard cut.
No, I'm saying, I think that you,
when you put some time and effort into it,
which I'll be honest with you, Justin, is pretty rare.
Yeah.
I think you can have a pretty nice pompadour going for you.
Oh yeah, definitely.
Maybe, but I'd have to definitely get it trimmed.
Maybe take some of the layers out so they're a little flatter.
No, no, feather your bangs.
It's beautiful when you feather them.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm gonna go to my guy, Sunny, and just see.
I'm gonna give him Johnny Dangerously
just a poster as a reference.
Yeah, sure.
And tell him not to do that cut,
but to encompass the feeling of Johnny Dangerously
in your haircut.
Okay, but let me just, real quick,
the issue for you joining, not joining this game,
is your hair, right?
And not your inability to shoot 30 cops
outside of a train station.
I could shoot, how fast are these cops running?
It's not, okay, it's obviously a moral issue.
Oh, because I played a lot of video games.
So I mean, ideally I wouldn't have to kill any cops.
But what do you think gangs do in the 1940s?
They rob?
Drag race?
Drag race, that's one.
Actually, nobody knows what happened in the 40s.
There were wars.
That's mainly what the gangs did is they fought our wars.
But most of the records have been lost to time.
Yeah, well, except for on their gangland tapestries.
Yeah, right.
I mean, there are the cave paintings, of course, but.
Yeah, and their urns that they used to use
to carry moonshine from county to county.
I don't think that I would fit in well
with any kind of gang, with the 1940s gang.
Now, why is that just or any?
There are several things.
Okay.
One of the big ones is that I like to sleep in.
Have you thought about maybe just joining a badminton team?
Wait, would the bad part be capitalized?
Because that might be along the lines of where I'm going here.
No, it would just be-
Like a badminton team.
Right, no, it would just be like a group of people
who played badminton.
Could I also suggest joining a glee club
similar to the Wiffenpoofs?
This would be good.
Yeah, sure.
Well, let me ask you guys.
Well, okay, how many crime would we do?
How many crime?
You do crime.
It depends on, I mean-
If I showed up and we had played badminton
or sung, you know, my old Kentucky home or something
and we did it really well,
and then afterwards I was like,
guys, I'm ready to do a crime.
Would they be like, would they know where to go to do one?
Or would it just be like-
I picture you guys walking around pushing over
like newspaper stands.
Oh, those things.
Well, I do enough of that trying to practice my free running.
So, I mean, I knock a lot of those over anyway.
Are you still into percure?
Yeah, I'm getting-
You should join a parkour gang.
Oh, a percure game would be great because I can-
You just leave footprints everywhere.
Well, that's bad for a crime.
You kids, you kids did it again.
I just painted that wall.
Why'd you string on that wire I left lying around?
How can we never see that in modern crime dramas?
Like there's no episode of CSI where they follow
like shaded in footprints, family circus style, you know?
Yeah, right.
Where they get a big magnifying glass
and look at the black footprints that are-
Sure.
Oh man, what if Jeffy did commit a crime
and they had to track him down on CSI?
There were just red footprints everywhere.
Hey, you're welcome, Mad TV.
On a completely different note.
Oh, good.
But similar note.
So the neighborhood that our company house
where all of our young actors live,
it's not a nice neighborhood.
And the other day they were telling me that
this group of young people was just throwing rocks at cars.
Like on the street, not even cars driving by,
just parked cars on the street, just throwing rocks at them.
Can we-
Why?
Before we jump to any conclusions,
are we sure that those cars didn't ask those children
to throw rocks at them?
Kind of Knight Rider situation.
What?
The Knight Rider where the cars are talking to them
and asking them to throw rocks at them.
You know Knight Rider.
You know Knight Ritter.
Knight Rider.
With John Ritter.
It's just John Ritter giving David Hasselhoff piggyback rides.
Ritter Rider.
You guys see that episode of Ritter Rider?
Yeah.
I love that one.
Oh my God.
Sorry, I just had the vision of John Ritter
voiced by Mr. Feeney
and I'm gonna have a rod all day now.
Perfect.
That's gonna really impede my workday.
We don't need to join gangs if we want to make money
because we have one dependable source of income
and that is the money.
I got a message for Clay from your brother Jack
and Jack just wanted to stop by and say happy birthday.
He was rolling by.
He couldn't stick around until we started recording
but he wanted us to tell you.
He left this message.
He left a note for us
and he said he hoped that your sweet 16
is the sweetest 16 ever
and I have a feeling in my gut
that it's gonna be pretty sweet.
Happy birthday, Clay.
I did not know that 16 and before this 15 year olds
are listening to this show
because we get pretty blue.
It's a little blue.
We just talked about bone in with syrup.
I love course language and adult subject matter.
Adult situations.
What I don't want is for kids to listen to the things I say
and then go to school
and then tell their friends about adult situations
and then they tell two friends
and then they tell all their friends
and then all of a sudden
I'm basically a child pornographer.
I don't know that you know what that means.
Yeah, I saw little children.
Sorry, can we go to the next thing?
Yeah, I want to make a website
about how much of a creep Griffin is.
Does anybody know how to do that?
You should check out the all new Squarespace Sigs.
Tell me about it.
Well, the main points are it's got beautiful new templates.
It's an easy drag and drop interface.
I had an incredible responsive design
and it's social media connectivity
is just out of this world.
Oh, really?
Like on the moon?
You can socially connect to people.
I am Mars curiosity robot.
Check out my social media connectivity.
You know, he's tweeting.
Yeah, he is tweeting and it's hilarious.
He's good.
He's doing good.
So yeah, so if you're looking to make a website
and you want something that's like fast and easy,
just check out Squarespace.com.
And if you use the offer code,
my brother eight, all one phrase, my brother eight,
the number eight, then you get 10% off.
So go check it out now, Squarespace.com.
I believe Merlin Man from You Look Nice Today
is redoing his entire website with Squarespace Sigs
and doing a video series about it.
Oh, cool.
It's got legit tech.
It's legit, my brother, my brother and me.
The all new Squarespace six has got legit tech,
by his quote.
Friends, do you have a video game website,
podcast or app that needs some affordable original music?
We got the guy for you.
Jake Hawken, H-A-W-K-E-N.
He's at jakehawken.com.
He does outro music for your podcast.
He'll do theme music and carry it around in a boom box.
He'll do sound effects for your website,
graphic novel or app.
Don't buy that stupid ass catalog music.
Don't buy that beat ass catalog music.
When I hear the same music on Project Runway
and then later on America's Next Top Model,
here's what I always say,
and you'll find this on his website.
I say, fuck, should have called Jake Hawken.
That's my thing.
That's what I say.
Fuck, should have called Jake Hawken.
Yeah.
So, uh.
Hey, just real quick, one more time.
Fuck, should have called Jake Hawken.
Should have called Jake Hawken.
Yeah.
And you can get that as a sound effect
that his website's available there
at jakehawken, H-A-W-K-E-N.com.
And the last thing we need to mention,
and gosh, guys, if you are not having a good week,
you should know how many weeks of advertising
our friends at Extreme Restraints bought with us
because it is going to get so real
over the next few months.
It is going to get-
Buckle up.
Buckle up.
And by which I mean to the bed with your lover.
Right.
You can provide that for you now.
I have suggested that we retitle the podcast
The McElroy Brothers Extreme Restraints Comedy Hour.
Buckle up and fuckle up
because it's Extreme Restraints time.
If you need some sex toys, and I mean sex toys,
this stuff gets real.
We have a coupon code.
It's MIDLIST.
And if you use the coupon code extremerestraints.com,
then you are going to get 20% off
on any week that you hear this advertisement.
So that's the first thing that we want to get across to you.
Here are some things that listeners have bought
using this extreme code.
Anal trainer set.
Astro-glide.
Now, we're going to have to stop
and go bullet point by bullet point here
because in what way does my anus
does pretty much everything I need it to do right now,
and it does it pretty good, I think.
Nope, that's incorrect.
Your anus is an untapped well of pleasure.
Oh, okay.
It's an untapped pleasure well.
Some other things our listeners have bought.
A swirl bloom vibrator.
Wall beggar vibrating dildo.
Five inch slim vibe.
Astro-glide.
A cute harness dildo.
Butterfly.
Now, is that a cute harness dildo?
Yes, it is an adorable harness dildo.
But anyway.
Do you think a swirl bloom vibrator
is what Willy Wonka uses to masturbate?
Hand me the schnauzberry flavored lube.
Ew, no!
I also want to point this out
because I was going through their website,
as I often do.
I love that under categories,
there's a dildo category
and then a separate huge dildo category.
Don't get it twisted.
If you're in the dildo category,
like these look,
these are way too small for my gaper.
Then you can, oh man!
Let me upgrade you.
You can, there was a website designer
who was browsing the dildos one day
and said, and someone came in and he said,
Darla, did you see this new dildo we just got in?
And she said, no, Philip, I didn't see it.
He said, look at this.
I don't even think you can legally classify
this as a dildo.
It needs its own taxonomy.
It needs its own taxonomy in our architecture
because it is so huge.
I don't want anyone to buy it
expecting a standard dildo.
What have I done?
I have to put this in me now.
I'm looking for branding opportunities
just all the time.
And I think what if big dildos,
what if they're called thrill-dos?
Oh no, oh no.
You put them in the freezer.
It's a chill-do.
Oh no.
So go to extremistrace.com
and use the coupon code MIDDLIST
to get 20% off.
Go now.
I think a dildo would not feel very good.
Not at first.
No, not at first.
Cover it in hot Cairo though.
And you are in business,
the business of sadness.
Yeah, a couple weeks ago,
I started hanging out with a lady.
She was really cool
and she seemed to like me as well.
A few days later,
she sent me a message to let me know
that she only wanted to be friends.
I was a little sad.
I got over it until I learned why
she was dating a magician,
an actual magician,
a man whose job it is
to perform magic tricks.
I was passed over for a magician.
How should I feel about this?
Should I feel offended
or have I dodged a bullet
that's from beaten in Brisbane?
I mean, I think,
I think, you know what?
You know what? Go to the fridge.
Let's go crack a cold one.
Yeah.
Classic tale.
Listen, man.
Boy meets girl.
Girl loves magician.
Not gonna lie to you, man.
That's a bad beat.
You know what?
Brother, you just,
ta-da.
You fucked up.
Yep.
Magically, she made yourself
confidence disappear.
Poof.
David Copperfield's greatest tricks.
Hey, you shouldn't feel that bad though
because some, some illusionists,
as they prefer,
are really dope.
Like, one time David Copperfield got mugged.
Do you guys, have you guys heard this story?
Yeah.
No, is this true?
This is 100% true.
One time David Copperfield got mugged
with two assistants, right?
And when he went to go empty out his pockets
and he palmed his cell phone
and his wallet and his passport,
he palmed them and it revealed empty pockets.
He palmed them so the mugger would think
he didn't have anything.
And okay, so this, and, and then like,
obviously the mugger was arrested and so.
But then he escaped and appeared on the balcony.
Right.
So here's some interesting things about this story.
One, he let his assistant go.
He let his assistants be robbed.
He didn't use, he didn't,
he didn't have a trick to get out of that.
So that's, that's problem one.
He didn't apparate a gun or a taser.
Right, exactly.
A dove, maybe, just as a distraction.
The other problem with this is that
David Copperfield is apparently
in such financial dire straits
that he'll risk taking a bullet to the chest
just to preserve the like 30 dollars
and pita pit coupon he has in his wallet.
First off, what if he had nine stamps
on that coupon and was one away?
Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
Second off, those, those abilities
are rarely, if ever, practical.
So I think he just.
Don't you think at this point,
like there's no challenge anymore?
And he's like, this is, this is my time.
Right, I have to push this to the next level.
I have to go real magic.
Also, if you're a robber and you're robbing someone
and they do magic to you,
I don't think you shoot them.
I think, I think you maybe let them go scot free
and say, that was the most creative being robbed
I've ever seen.
You are free to go.
Another fine performance, Mr. Copperfield.
The moral of the story is magicians are awesome.
Some magicians are awesome.
What if this girl is like dating Lance Burton,
the coolest magician?
That is, that is an issue.
Then, then you can't feel bad.
But if it's like David Blaine,
then yeah, you should probably feel bad about it.
Yeah.
If it's Chris Angel, well, yeah, he's awesome.
I don't know.
David Blaine can hold his breath for a really long time.
No, David Blaine can hold his breath
so he can't smell his own farts.
I hate that guy.
What?
Was that an insult?
I'm not sure.
I just hate himself.
Ah, man.
When Travis hates somebody enough,
he just references their flatness.
And then that's, that's enough to really put him in that place.
Don't let Leo DiCaprio hear you talking that way.
Cause he, he, he won't let you live it down.
He loves DB.
What?
Oh yeah.
The first, the first in his first hit special, Street Magic,
it was hosted by Leo DiCaprio.
No way.
Yeah, way.
That was like prime Leo years.
Yeah.
That's why, that's why Kate pushed him off the door at the end of Titanic.
Let me tell you again about David Blaine.
No, no, I get it.
He made a card appear on a window.
No matter who you get dumped for,
there are always going to be things about them
that make it slightly ridiculous because they're not you.
Yeah, from your perspective,
nobody's ever said like, yeah, she left me for this guy,
but he's really good at soccer.
Yeah, right.
But to be fair, he's a way better person than me in just about every way.
In college, I had a girlfriend who left me for a hot air balloon.
I wish that was the true story.
I mean, she, she didn't like date the hot air balloon,
but she did set off on a world adventure for the hot,
and she said, we can't, when I'm up in the clouds, you know.
You're just gonna, you're just gonna hold me down.
Yeah, yeah.
I gotta cut that sandbag loose.
It is a different world up there though.
I mean, to be fair.
Once you get in the stratosphere.
It's a whole new world.
Once you get in the stratosphere, then you just, you die probably
because hot air balloons don't provide you with any protection.
There's zero, there's absolutely no protection within the elements.
Hey, NBNBAM, that's us.
I want to ask my girlfriend to marry me.
I know the how part already, but I'm torn on the when, the when.
Wow.
I had been planning on a day that's special to us,
but I think she suspects that when I would ask her.
So my question is, do I go with the element of surprise
or the something expected yet meaningful?
And that's suitor from the south.
I have some insight into this question.
Would you like to hear it?
Yeah.
I think I know what it is, but you don't.
But yes, my wife thought that she,
that I was going to propose to her on Christmas and I didn't.
I proposed to her on New Year's Eve.
So she was fine in the end.
But there was a six day gap there.
But there was a six day gap where things could have been better.
She could have been in a better mood.
Now let me, let me give the counterpoint.
Oh, great.
My girlfriend and I like knew what exactly,
almost what time her ring was going to be available.
She knew it was happening and said to me,
if you wait, I will kill you.
Okay.
Right.
So I like proposed as soon as I got home, which was fine.
It was very nice for us.
Got down to one knee, did the sets of romantic things,
butter flowers, very nice.
And then I had to spend the rest of time explaining to people
why I didn't do something more surprising.
Sure.
Now here's the counter counterpoint.
Um, who wants to get married?
Bond, chain, milk, milk, milk.
Don't milk the cow.
You can go out and get it.
You don't have to tie yourself down with a, don't just fry
for you on that hot air balloon.
Cause you don't need a sandbag tying you down.
Let's go.
See, just go.
So your seeds in the field of pussies.
I don't remember that.
Wait a minute.
Stop the world.
I want to get off.
What did you just say?
So your seed in a field of pussies.
What kind of ship are you running here?
So your wild oats in the pussy dirt.
It's not a ship.
It's a farm, obviously.
Pussy farm.
Zynga's new Facebook hit.
Come water my pussy so I can get 30 pussy coins.
Have you seen my pussy cow?
I think it wandered onto your Facebook farm.
Give us $30.
We'll give you 600 John John points.
And you can use to buy new pussy cows.
Oh, the pussy wolf came and snuck into your farm.
Made all your rutabagas.
You pussy bagas.
Our wolves are vegetarian.
Don't steal that in your Facebook game.
We'll sue you.
Come on down to John John ranch.
For all the, we got milk for the pussy cows.
Ready to move on.
There was a lot of, I guess it's good that we do a split.
Every now and then, because we usually talk about boners a lot,
but there was a lot of discussion of the vagina
and its parts in this particular episode.
Watch out throwing shit.
We've got your number.
We know how to talk to the ladies.
Oh yeah.
There's nothing ladies like more than hearing about their bits.
Listen, we were very clinical about it.
That is all official terminology.
We are nothing if not respectful.
Right.
That is all official terminology.
We weren't making fun of stupid vaginas.
You go in instead of out, dumb.
What's your deal, you hidey bastards?
Yeah.
Why are you so ashamed of what's going on in there?
I don't know who this character is,
but I want to fucking kill him.
I want to stick some sort of hot iron inside of my brain
and burn out whatever part of it that voice comes from.
So this is the part where we plug our social on NBNBAM's Twitter.
You can find us on Facebook if you want to join that group.
That's a robust group.
Yeah.
If you want to help water our pussy plants on Sunshine Ranch,
you can go to Facebook.com slash bambambam.
Yeah.
People like to make fan art sometimes,
but don't do it for any of the things we said this time.
Hey, all the things that we said today, off limits.
This episode is non-canonical.
This is outside of the NBNBAM-verse.
This is our lost episode.
You only wished we lost it.
Generations from now, people will ask if this episode ever really existed.
Thank you for people tweeting about the show with the NBNBAM hashtag,
including Laura Nesson, Chase Router, Adams Router,
Adams Holds, Wiggy1978, The Unchosen One,
Waylon Baw, Hello Joe Ben, DuckLips513 as always,
Jonathan Byathan, anybody else?
I'm forgetting about Chorus, BuzzClick, Hallways,
Fanta Creek Music.
That's every name.
That's all the Twitters.
Please go subscribe to our show, review our show, rate it, all that good stuff.
And Justin, don't we have a new way of contacting us, do we not?
We do.
We actually now have a My Brother, My Brother, Me mailing address.
You just send stuff to NBNBAM and it is PO Box 54, Huntington, West Virginia, 25706.
So if you want to mail us pretty much anything.
Not poison.
Not poison.
I can't stress enough.
Please don't kill us.
Yeah.
Now I will also say that if you mail us baked goods, we probably won't eat them.
But I just say that and if somebody actually does send them, probably will eat them.
Because they're just make the baked goods and then take a picture of it
and then mail that to us.
And a video of you eating the first one of the batch.
Right.
That's what we need.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
For sure.
Can I do that?
Go ahead.
Okay, thanks.
Oh, we haven't talked about this in a long, long time.
But if you would like some My Brother, My Brother and Me gear.
We have a MBNBAM, I call it, I think of it as the detective shirt.
But I don't know what most people think of that.
The adventure shirt.
Adventure shirt.
And then we have a shirt for people who's nasty gum, which is an old favorite.
So that's at maxfunstore.com.
You just buy those.
They'll just sell them to you.
And we also haven't mentioned in a while about tweeting quotes you like from the show.
It's always great to see people who have just started listening
and gone back through the back catalog.
And they'll quote something from like episode 42 or something.
And it always cracks me up.
So thanks for that.
Two calls to action.
Go listen to the other Maximum Fun shows.
Throwing Shade, Memory Palace, the new one.
Jordan, Jesse, go stop podcasting yourself.
Judge John Hodgman, International Waters.
All extremely good.
Second call to action.
My Yahoo answer.
I still got a few great standbys.
And thank you so much if you send in the Yahoo answers.
But the well is drying up a little bit.
And that means I have to go find my own answers.
And that's the worst.
So if you feel inspired, email us.
Mbembem at gmail.com or mbembem at maximumfun.org.
And send in some Yahoo's.
Nothing gross, only funnies.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Speaking of Yahoo's, here's the final one of the day.
It was sent in by Jeremy Walker.
Thank you, Jeremy.
It's by Yahoo Answers user swimmer899, who asks,
why do I very often dream that I'm wearing diapers?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother, and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Square on the lips.
Keep your heart, Three Stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart, Three Stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three Stacks, these girls are smart.
Three Stacks, keep your heart, Three Stacks, keep your heart.
