The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hail to the chief, he's the chief and he needs hailing.
That's of course a classic scene from the hit film My Fellow Americans,
starring Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau, both as President John F. Kennedy.
Two angry presidents.
Two angry presidents.
Grumpy old presidents.
Grumpy old statesmen. One of the classics of their later years, My Fellow Americans.
But today we're celebrating Presidents Day, of course, here at My Brother and Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest president, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est president, Travis McElroy.
Guys, President Obama is a space monster from the Planet Muslim,
and I don't understand why he gets his own holiday and he's trying to kill my freedom.
Before we get emails on this, I just remembered Walter
Matthau was not in My Fellow Americans, it was James Garner.
And before we get other emails about this, Griffin is Griffin McElroy.
But my position on President Obama's space monstership stands.
I know, but you definitely want to put a signature at the end of that bomb vault
so people know who that voice is attached to.
How come no matter how many times we ask him,
he can't produce a birth certificate showing that he's not from outer space?
Have you guys ever noticed that?
Let us see your earth, bud.
So I have a question for you guys.
My dear friend Jeremy Dubin asked me this, and it kind of started.
So here's the situation.
You're about to get into a bar fight, right?
Just a big old brawl.
You can have three presidents backing you up.
Which three do you choose?
Oh, well, I think we can all agree that James Buchanan's right out.
He died of the flu, right?
Yep.
Yeah.
Agreed.
No Buchanan.
Is that the one that gave the too long speech and he died from it?
Yep.
I think.
I mean, yeah, if you punch that guy outside, he's done for.
He's dead.
I think we can all agree that first and foremost, he's Andrew Jackson.
No, that's ridiculous.
Andrew Jackson has killed a man.
Andrew Jackson is a crazy person.
Yeah, you gotta have Andy J backing you up.
Backing you up.
Can I drop Polk on you guys?
See, I said Polk.
He's so thick, so hardy.
I said Polk, too.
Can't knock him over.
Yeah, I mean, another, I think, solid choice would be Taft,
because you just keep pounding it, and where are his vital organs?
I don't know.
And he can do that big belly bounce thing where he knocks someone across the room?
He does, and he does a thousand hand slap.
I think you're thinking of Zangief.
I am thinking of E. Honda, of course.
James K. Polk can do Yoga Fire, though.
Yoga Fire.
Obviously, there's Teddy Roosevelt.
Teddy Roosevelt, though, that's so odd.
He's probably busy in somebody else's fantasy ballroom fight.
You're not going to be able to get Teddy.
He's going to be busy.
And what about Franklin?
Franklin is good.
Get him off the yard.
Who's going to go after him?
If it's Last Man Standing, he has got a distinct advantage, or disadvantage,
depending on how strict the rules are.
Can I say Jeb Bartlett?
OK.
Yeah, why not?
His illness, I don't know, may not make him the fiercest competitor.
He's never been a military man, as folks on that show want to point out.
Sheriff Ford turned down offers to play in the NFL.
Maybe then he would be a good quarterback for your punch team.
What about Bill Clinton?
Fucker's charming.
He's so charming.
Hey, we don't need to do this.
Hey, let's all relax over a nice Zima.
That's my impression of Bill Clinton.
I'm actually actually, statistically speaking, a lot of people don't know this,
I'm actually the only person on Earth who impersonates Bill Clinton.
So that is the actually first Bill Clinton impression that a lot of people hear.
He really captured his Zima presidency so well.
Here's the thing.
The thing is, you got to talk like this.
Yeah, and that's it.
Talk like Bill Clinton.
Maybe a fellatio goof.
My fellow Americans, blow your jobs.
Is that good?
Is that a good impression?
I'm capturing his irreverence, certainly.
Hey, let's, as much as I love talking about which presidents could take a punch,
we should probably help some people out with advice.
This first question comes to us from FormSpring.
I got a girl's number from a night out a few weeks ago,
but after a few texts, nothing came from it.
What's the protocol for the number?
Do I delete it, forget it ever happened,
or do I leave it and live in constant fear of accidentally dialing it?
Oh, man.
Guys, is FormSpring like Pinterest?
I do not know Pinterest.
Is that a social networking thing?
It's like Skype, but with push pins, from what I understand.
I actually have reached my limit on any joining any sort of social networks,
and I think this is how you become an old person,
in that I used to think it was so dismissive, you know?
You would try to teach an old person something new,
and they say, ugh, I'm not gonna learn that.
And then I'm just like, hey, you're being cranky.
What you discover as you get a little older,
there's a great sense of power to say like,
hey, I'm not putting that in my life.
Get out of here.
Google Buzz, buzz off.
Buzz off, keep it.
Tweeter, tweet-toe, tweet off, tweet out of here.
Pinterest.
You are gonna call that number.
You will call the number, and it will not be accidental, it will be drunk.
Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow,
it'll maybe be a year from now,
when you're real sad and lonely on Valentine's Day,
and you just call her at night and you go,
hey, hey, Debra, Debra was soaking in about a year.
I thought we had something special together.
Man, the whole episode, huh?
This is former president Bill Clinton.
I'm a ghost now.
Now I'm a ghost who loves blowjobs.
I love blowjobs, balanced budgets, and hauntings.
Griffin, yours sounds more like Don Don's.
You got it.
The secret to Bill Clinton is you gotta sound like a ghost
underneath a bunch of blankets.
That's the secret.
I love Bill Clinton.
And if you felt a little undertaker in there,
oh yes, it's me, former president Bill Clinton.
Blowjobs.
I don't understand why you need this number.
You know what I mean?
I like to keep my contact list real tight.
I very recently deleted the Gino's Pizza phone number
from Huntington, where I don't live anymore.
But I needed that quick access so I could call him up,
get a pizza ready in 10 minutes, grab it, and chomp.
But now I don't need that number anymore.
You have even less utility for the number you have.
Yeah, what if he does need it someday?
It's good to let go.
You know what, she rejected you.
This is your chance, this is your only chance, to reject her.
Say, okay, I don't need you in my life either.
Close the door on her.
Who cares if they're already closed?
But you can close it on your side, like a hotel room.
Two doors.
You closed your door.
Doesn't matter if the other one's closed.
You'll never think about it again,
because as far as you can remember, you deleted her number.
And that's what you'll tell your grandkids.
Or you taught me to tone her,
and you write it on a bathroom wall.
Don't do that.
Again, you will be tempted.
Put it on Pinterest.
Put it on Pinterest.
No one knows what that is.
It should be safe there.
They'll want to find it and delete it.
But yeah, you don't want to hold on to that.
Yeah, delete it.
Get rid of it.
While working at Subway one day with my boyfriend,
a customer came up and their fly was down.
We were both wondering,
what is the proper etiquette of notifying someone of this?
Since they are a paying customer,
we don't want to embarrass them and lose their business.
But we also don't want them walking around being embarrassed
that their zipper is down.
What do we do?
That's from a sweet sandwich artist.
Oh man.
Okay.
My feeling on this has always gone,
like the same thing with food and the teeth, right?
If I, my rationale is, if I don't tell them,
then they're just going to walk around like a goof all day.
They'll want to know it's there.
But then as I got older, it dawned on me,
if no one tells them, they'll just think no one noticed.
Here's the thing though, because here's what I do.
If I like, if I've been walking all day with my zipper down,
I get home and realize it,
I do a mental checklist back through the day
of all the people I had contacted.
Of all the people I had contact with and think,
why didn't they tell me?
Why didn't they tell me?
Why didn't any of these people tell me?
It's like drawing up a containment net
and like a viral outbreak.
You're like, oh man, I was at the grocery store,
so they all saw it, told all their friends.
Yeah.
And then incredible arousal is the only thing,
like a blinding arousal.
Diving into a sun of arousal.
Just burning your skin off with the heat
of the passion of your self-exposure
to the neighborhood living.
I think my favorite thing about the fear
of being embarrassed about having your zipper down
is unless your junk is actually like hanging out,
nothing happened.
Like the only thing you're embarrassed about
is that a zipper was undone on your pants.
Like there was no other consequence to it.
Are you saying, but Charles, that doesn't make sense
because then we could just walk around zipper free.
If that was the case, we'd just all have big gaps down there.
Big, big shitty pockets.
No, I'm not saying you shouldn't do the zipper,
but I'm just saying like that horrified feeling you get
when you realize that your zipper's been down
for like four hours.
Isn't as bad as the feeling is realizing
that you've been hanging some-
Hanging brain.
Hanging brain.
Well, yeah, I would say that having your junk
actually hanging out of your pants
is a lot worse than just having your zipper down.
You're suggesting that telling somebody
to examine their zipper is like a warning
that they are just a step away from-
You are walking a razor's edge, my friend.
Yeah.
But is it, I mean, but, oh man.
Sometimes you say things I don't know
if they make sense or not,
and it's hard trying to decode it.
Like what-
I'm just saying it could totally be casual.
Just like, hey, your zipper's down.
They'd be like, oh, thanks, cool.
But you can't be casual, Travis,
because in that sentence,
what you aren't saying at the beginning is,
hey, I was just looking at your dick and I noticed-
Now that's true.
I was giving you, how about I was giving you
a head to toe check.
Yeah.
To see what various articles of clothing
you'd forgotten to finish.
Maybe you can, wait a minute.
Maybe you can trigger some synapse in their brain
that makes them check their crotch while-
Oh, like that's a great belt.
Like in the transaction, right?
Like say, did you want some extra salami on your sandwich?
Did you want that foot long or six inches?
Did you want a sandwich?
Because I can already see you've got a hot dog.
That's the worst thing.
That's the worst.
That was just-
Because of his wiener.
Right.
Oh, right.
Okay, great.
Did you-
Is it just as embarrassing if a woman has her zipper down?
No, I don't think it's just, I don't-
Is it?
Is it? You know the difference?
What?
Women would check.
Because women are like men that just stumble out of the bathroom
and hope everything's okay in there.
Just blindly clawing their way out of the room.
That's how we get through life.
I barely made it.
Anytime a man, Lee, is in a bathroom,
it looks like a Jekyll turning in behind.
Scraping at the walls and just looking for a way out.
I am, every time I go to the bathroom,
I'm basically just racing, right?
Like I'm racing against my ghost from the last lap.
I'm trying to beat my time.
And to that effect, I will just walk out of the bathroom
with my pants around my ankles.
And then hit the stopwatch.
Hit it and go, yes.
Did it.
Shaved off a few precious hundreds.
Do you, this is, I guarantee you that every man has done this.
And I doubt, I hope and pray that no woman has.
Do you guys ever, in the middle of your bathroom ritual,
you know there's something else you need to do,
but God damn it, you're done in there?
You're just done with it.
And that, whatever that thing is,
it's just gonna have to, it's just gonna have to wait.
Whatever thing, whatever part of your ritual
you did not do that morning,
it's just gonna be because you don't want to spend any more time in there.
Usually for me, it's that someone else has just like walked into the bathroom.
Usually someone I don't trust.
What are you, what bathrooms are you in?
You know, just competitive bathrooms.
Is this a player versus player bathroom or?
Are you trying to take my secrets or?
Cooperative bathroom or do we get cubbies?
Griffin, how about a Yahoo?
Sure.
This one was sent in by TheRealNeilOrr.
Thank you, TheRealNeilOrr.
It's by Yahoo Answers user lol, who asks,
do I have a right to do this?
I'm paranoid and I needed to ask this.
If someone is trying to see my imagination
or hear my thoughts or sense my emotions,
do I have a right to make a back off face to them
to make them get out of my head?
I know some people who try to read me and I want to stop it.
Oh my God.
Oh Jesus.
They're afraid they're getting mentalist-ed.
They're getting, they're getting enceived.
They're getting, what, lie to me-ed.
Oh God.
They're looking for micro gestures.
They're getting horse whispered.
Are you trying to horse whisper me?
Are you seeing through my, are you trying to see context in my words?
These thoughts are my own and they usually have to do with apples and sugar
because I'm a pony.
I'm a pony.
That's why it's so easy to be a horse whisperer.
They're only talking about one or two things.
Hey, get off or give me an apple.
I don't even know what to say.
All I can hope is that this person that is feeling this way
is just completely misreading someone like walking up like,
hey, how's it going?
Get out of my head.
These are my emotions.
Whoa.
Hey, whoa.
I just asked you if you wanted extra salami.
I didn't mean anything else.
There's no subtext there.
Is the world we live quietly a psychic battlefield?
People trying to get into your head?
People trying to scope my business, my cranium business
that they don't need to know about, but they're trying to scope it out
and like I'm trying to throw up defensive barriers with my own prowess.
Griffin, it's 2012.
Every minute there are 60 hours of footage uploaded to YouTube.
All we want is for that to be true.
All we want is to pray that someone wants to know what our dreams are.
Please someone be trying to get into my head
because I'm just laying out the welcome mat for you every day
on my channel, Glasses Girl for 2020.
Isn't this what LiveJournal is for?
LiveJournal, Pinterest, any number of social networking sites.
Yeah, my brain is constantly just outputting like a really foul-mouth 12-year-old girl
who's just talking shit about her classmates.
Is that what your internal critic sounds like?
That is.
I call her a little shoddy.
When Griffin makes it huge, when you get big, you gotta have a vanity cartoon.
Wayne Head, Hammer Man, Wish Kid.
You make it big, you get a vanity cartoon.
Griffin's vanity cartoon is gonna be Little Shoddy
featuring Wanda Sykes as the voice of Little Shoddy
and Griffin will write all the scripts himself in the last three episodes, short lived.
Doesn't need to be long to be a good vanity cartoon.
Everybody gets one, not only Griffin's.
My internal critic is Rupert Giles from Buffy the Vampire Slayer
and whenever I have, no matter what entertainment or media I'm taking in,
he's always disappointed in me.
That's not a goof.
I just, I feel guilty all the time that I'm not reading books.
Sometimes for me it's Wanda Sykes, sometimes it's Maggie Sykes,
sometimes they're together and they're just not.
I would watch that buddy comedy all day long.
Oh man.
They made it, it's called Taxi.
I don't have an internal critic.
Okay.
Is that normal?
You have a lot of external ones.
That's a good balance, right?
Everybody get out of everybody's heads.
We're just trying to live day to day.
Get out of there.
Hey, I have been with my official, there it is.
I just podcasted so hard that I got winded.
Wrapping it up anytime now.
I mean my life.
I have been official with my boyfriend for almost two months and things are great.
However, there's one problem.
My best friend, who is a girl,
His best friend.
His best friend, who is a girl,
who has been desperately in love with him for the past two and a half years.
Although they go to school together and my college is three hours away,
I do not feel threatened by her.
My issue comes from her refusal to recognize and respect my role in his life.
When I go to visit him at school, she will drop by.
I refuse to leave and throw little jabs and backhanded comments my way.
I've told my boyfriend that these things make me uncomfortable,
but he sees nothing wrong with it.
Although he never reciprocates her affections,
he won't tell her that her behavior is both intrusive and appropriate.
Perhaps I'm overreacting, but it's really getting on my nerves
and I'm not sure how much longer I can hold my tongue and play nice.
What do I do?
Olivia.
Olivia, you need someone in your life who is going to give you the straight dope
and you're lucky because we are here for you.
You need to bounce the ripcord and bounce.
Yeah, because I'll tell you what, here's my take on it.
Your boyfriend is addicted to this girl's attention.
Oh yeah, he loves it.
Because she's so nice to him and says all these nice things
and is just so in love with him for the last two and a half years.
Anybody that realizes their best friend is like desperately in love with him
for that amount of time and doesn't back away from the situation
or putting into it is just loving the attention.
Yeah.
The extent to which you need to bounce is incalculable.
Like, you need to trust us on this one.
We can tell you why you need to bounce, but you have got to bounce.
Yeah, you gotta go.
I mean, this is so obvious.
I don't mean to- you gotta go.
This thing's done- I was- I was rereading the email
because if you've been dating for like, you know, 20 years,
then maybe you should reconcile.
But two months and this- no.
No, no, no, no.
This is my main issue with it.
That she like talked to her boyfriend and said like,
hey, this isn't cool.
And he was like, ah, it's fine.
I think it's cool.
Time to get out.
Go, go, go.
Men and women can be friends.
Didn't you see Will and Grace?
That's a bad example.
My best friend's wedding.
Oh wait.
You, me, and Dupree.
You got a lady dupe.
And you have to- you have to get out of this situation.
You have to.
Olivia, you are in the story of their relationship.
She is the Kate Hudson and you are the-
Baxter.
You are about to get Baxtered so hard.
You're Baxtered.
You need to- yeah.
It's brutal.
You need to get out because you- this is not going to end well.
This is bad.
This is really bad.
And the fact that she's even around right now is wholly unacceptable.
Because one of two things is going to happen.
Like, she's going to win him or you're going to find your tires slashed or something.
Yeah, she's going to go full-blown swim fan and burn your apartment down.
If you had told us before you got into this relationship that you were going to date
someone that lives three hours away, we would have very sternly warded you off from it.
We would have said, no, that's a bad idea.
Now, we honestly have to put our foots- feet down.
Collective feet.
And our foots.
And our foots.
Yes, all three foots on the ground say that you can't do this, Olivia.
You're too good for him.
Too good for this situation.
It's not him, even.
It's not- it's- I mean, it is him because he obviously needs to grow up and have some
emotional maturity and make some boundaries with this girl.
Yeah.
What is she even doing around?
If you see each other- if you live three hours away, it can't be rare.
You know, it's gotta be a rare thing that you guys get to spend time together.
What is she even doing there?
That's what I'm saying.
And the fact that your boyfriend doesn't see any problem with that, and when you confront
him about it, he's like, nah, it's fine.
Like, that's such an issue for me.
We cool.
We cool.
You're not.
You're not cool.
Bounce.
This is- because if you put it in any other context, like, I never get to see my boyfriend,
but then when I do, all he does is sit there and read a book.
All he does is sit there and play video games.
Like, if he can't divide himself from this girl long enough to just hang out with you
when you actually get to visit, like, that's an issue.
Absolutely.
And you know what else is an issue?
Money.
I mean, I guess.
People need it.
People need it?
I guess.
And people want it.
Money's out.
This message is for who, Travis?
Well, this first message is for Ashley Metcalf.
Oh.
And it's from Mom, Buddy, Brandy, and Kristen.
And they say, happy 28th birthday.
They're going to have a listening party tonight, which is awesome.
So happy birthday.
You're listening right now.
And yeah, so Ashley, it's her birthday.
She's the youngest of three girls.
She has a dog named Butters, and she loves MBMBAM and unicorns.
Two great tastes that taste great together.
We are the unicorn of podcasts.
So happy birthday to you, Ashley.
She asked for a jingle, but we took this pretty firm position on only giving jingles to businesses
and not people because that's weird.
So instead, because it's your birthday, I'll give you the title of a jingle,
and it would have been birthday boo.
But now that's over, but you have to make up the song yourself.
That's just a leaping off point.
So once you start Ashley Metcalf Incorporated, Griffin will do a jingle for you.
Yes.
Who else we got on the old birthday calendar, Trav?
We've also got Sarah of Melbourne, Australia.
And that comes from Tom, also of Melbourne, Australia.
And Tom wishes Sarah a happy Valentine's Day and birthday and three-year anniversary combo.
So he's getting three wishes for the price of one.
It's a great deal.
We should have charged him triple.
In fact, we now will retroactively charge him triple.
He says that she's secretly in love with me, which I'm not.
I don't really want to do any internet cuckolding today.
Thank you.
I will just...
I will just hang out and not do that.
But thank you.
But no, but I appreciate the offer.
And we would be remiss.
So happy birthday, Valentine's Day anniversary to Sarah of Melbourne.
You know what makes a great gift for anybody, any occasion?
Eternal love.
Eternal love.
And barring that is the gift of time.
And barring that is the gift of economy.
And barring that is the gift of environmental awareness.
And you can give all three to people with a brand new project called Stack.
Stack is a revolutionary concept in the world of soap stuff.
You know, like soap, soapery.
It's a revolutionary soapery concept.
Soapistry.
Soapistry.
So basically what Stack soap is, it's a bar of soap that has a divot on the top.
And as you wear it down, what we've trademarked is called the stupid sliver.
You end up with a stupid sliver.
And usually you throw that away or you slip on it and die.
With Stack soap, sorry.
No death.
It's a murder sliver.
You're washing your body with it.
You're washing your butt.
And your butt swallows the sliver of soap because it's so tiny.
Then you get sick.
So Stack soap is built with a divot.
And when you use a bar of Stack soap, it wears down so it fits exactly in that divot.
So when you just have a murder sliver, you slap it into a new bar.
You don't waste any soap.
And you're back off to the races.
And when you get another sliver, you slap it into the next bar.
I have had a bar.
Founder Eric sent me a few bars and I've been using it.
I feel like I've never been clean before, which is unsettling.
But also, you know, I'm glad to discover it now before I'm in my 40s.
Can you describe the scent to me?
Yes, the bars he sent me were prototypes and unscented.
So it smells like clean.
So it smells clean.
It's a very clean scent.
Anyway, he was looking for money to get a copper dye to make these bars.
You need nine grand.
You guys are insane people.
And you have fully funded his project.
The Kickstarter is fully funded.
And because you guys were tweeting and talking about it, the story was picked up by like
Boing Boing and Gizmodo and a few other sites.
So you guys are, as always, the best.
Thank you for proving that we are an economical juggernaut.
We are a huge powerhouse in the world of internet soapistry.
Now, Griffin, you've been working on a jingle for Stack Soap.
Can you give us an update on that?
Yeah, you know, I'm all about, right now, I'm just sort of oscillating between themes,
um, between genres, you know, between, like, there's a lot of cleanness, I think, has a
lot of implications in the poetical sense.
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah, there was a few words that weren't words in there, but please go on.
So I'm trying to find, I'm trying to, like, find the sign.
There's like a lot of ether.
I'm not used to this much ether when I create.
Sure, yeah, yeah.
And so, like, my net, I have to refine my net so that the ether.
So where's your net at right now?
Like, right now, I'm thinking, like, a southern, southern rock, southern rock, and, like, the,
it's all about getting clean, you know, but, like, the cleanness is also a metaphor for
love, human, human love between people.
So what's that sound like?
So, like,
Put your soap in my soap.
That's all I have so far.
Okay.
Put your soap in my soap.
I like it.
You know, I think you just repeat that for, like,
Put your soap in my soap.
And we'll both get clean together, Stack Soap.
I think we could work out a pretty tight harmony for that, too.
Yeah, I think we're really close on that.
So stacksoap.com again is the address.
And right now we got a word from another Max Fun show that may or may not be trying to sell you soap.
I'm Jesse Thorne.
Bullseye is all about discovering the good stuff in culture that will do
nothing less than change your life.
You know, I've never heard anything like it before.
It'd be like seeing a new color, which I guess is music's, like, biggest asset,
is that you can hear new sounds.
I'll probably never see a new color.
I'll probably never experience, like, a new crazy taste, but I'll hear new sounds constantly.
Culture picks, comedy, and in-depth interviews.
It's the good stuff and just the good stuff in popular culture every week on Bullseye.
Subscribe to iTunes or find it online at MaximumFun.org.
Do you want to come back with a Yahoo?
Yeah, I want to come back to the comedy with Yahoo.
This one was sent in by Kit Recca, which is a pretty good name.
It was asked by Avatartar Sauce.
It's pretty good.
Who asked?
Clever.
Sure, I like it.
How big is love?
How do you condense love into measurable units?
My girlfriend asked me how much I love her.
I don't know how to tell her because I don't know the formula of love,
and I don't know a lot about how to measure love.
The correct answer is this much, and then put your hands an appropriate distance apart.
It sounds like the lyrics to the worst Coasters song ever.
It sounds like a really shitty Doo-Wop tune, like B-side maybe to Who Wrote the Book of Love.
How do you quantify the relative side?
Who made the ruler of love?
I have found-
Who made the graduated cylinder of love?
The closest approximate metric from what I found is Scoville units.
Okay.
Okay.
Now, is that a word you've heard or do you actually know what that concept represents?
A Scoville unit is the measurement of heat in peppers.
Okay, right.
Do you know what I mean?
Measure the capsaicin?
It may not work for everyone, but my love has a sort of,
I wouldn't say Latino fire, but I would say it.
I did, so it's out there.
You did say it, right.
So that's how I like to think.
And also Scoville units, the measurements are really high.
A Habanero I think has like two million Scovles.
That's shorthand for Scoville units.
So that's sort of what I'm working with for my particular brand of love.
I would have said stone.
Okay, I like that.
Because nobody knows how much it really is and it's so mysterious.
I like that, the thing that works for me about the Scoville units
is that there are some real relatable peppers
that you can just directly connect that to.
Like girl, my love is like the ghost chili.
Oh, that's, yeah.
Oh, and then you could say like we've calmed down to like a green pepper.
Right now I feel like this is more like a green pepper or a cayenne.
Oh, and that's how you know it's like,
okay, well we've calmed down to like friend Scoville units.
And then you'd be like, baby, we are banana peppers.
And then that's how you break up.
We're like milk.
We're zero scoves.
We actually cool other people's love when they drink us.
Just to be in our presence kills other people's love.
Yeah, we're the opposite of love, whatever that is.
They need to come up with an opposite of love.
How about it, wordsmiths?
Not the love.
Even with all your science,
you still haven't been able to come up with a word that's the opposite of love.
Yeah, it's pretty despicable.
You know, you think about Shakespeare.
Shakespeare created eyeball.
He created the word puking.
Green-eyed monster.
Skim milk.
Obscene.
That's all-
Luggage.
That's all created by Shakespeare.
Couldn't come up with the opposite of love.
Pinterest.
He did not.
He did.
He was talking about someone, I think it was in Two Gentlemen of Verona,
where he says her practicing her sartorial craft,
she had a lot of Pinterest because she had a lot of interest in pins.
The other gentleman of Verona responds,
it's not that she loved her, he opposite of loved her.
He didn't.
He did opposite, then he vomits and blacks out for six hours.
It's his longest play as a result.
In lots of theaters, they cut that.
They trim it down to three hours of vomiting and blacking out.
Well, you can usually just turn it into like a dream ballet
that kind of conveys the time.
Or you do like a War of the Roses kind of thing.
You're like, hey, buckle in, audience.
Yeah, purists do the whole thing.
This is a three-hour song about social networking platforms.
I am Barbeque in the Tumblr.
I am Sarah.
Lord Steven of LiveJournal.
I don't know what's happening.
I would like to have been there on this day
when this girlfriend asked this guy how much he loved her,
and he responded, I don't know.
I have to go to Yahoo Answers.
A hundred?
I literally can't quantify it.
How big is a house?
We have an opportunity here not to equate it to another metric,
but to come up with our own metric
that we can think about how much money we can make off of that
if we sold that shit to Hallmark.
And we just said like, you know, 50 billion?
Throbs.
Throbs.
Throbs is so good.
I'm mad that we were gonna have this whole riff
and Travis just nailed it right out of the gate.
It's Throbs, obviously.
It's sexual, but it's also heart-related.
Yep.
Okay, so zero throbs is just utter indifference.
And negative throbs, is that hatred,
or does hatred have its own...
Now, what is hatred?
What is hatred?
I'm sorry, I forgot the goof.
Dullard.
I'm not even gonna do your throb goof now
because you ruined my goof.
No, this is, no, Justin, this is such a...
Please don't take this out on your money-making opportunity
that we have in front of us.
At once a season, I get a goof veto
and I'm using it to veto his goof as a punishment
for you unintentionally killing my goof
in the annals of goofdom.
This is like a goof end of Reservoir Dogs.
Travis is cutting a goof ear off.
Dancing.
Fuck.
Fuck, say your dumb thing about throbs.
I'm just trying to come up with,
for our listeners to use with their lovers,
I just want us to come up with some sort of metric.
We founded the term, Travis founded the term.
Let's come up with some numbers.
So zero is indifference.
That's how I feel about like Kevin Costner.
Like fine, he can do his thing.
What is...
Okay, so then it's like friendship is maybe,
maybe a hundred?
A hundred throbs?
Why have a scale though?
Like what's in between those two?
I mean, there's a lot of stuff.
Acquaintance, business partner.
And there's levels of friendship.
You can be like, we're like go to lunch friends
and that's like 75 throbs.
It's nice because everybody's always saying love
and the word doesn't mean anything.
Let's get some numbers attached to it.
That's what I'm trying.
Thank you.
Welcome to the team building exercise.
A thousand I think should be friends of Benny's.
You know what I mean?
I think that pure and beautiful love clocks in around 10,000.
But 10,000 is like,
that's the kind of love that only your grandparents have
because they know what sacrifice is.
Like your pap, pap killed the Nazis
so he can love a lot harder than you.
The only way that you can reach 10,000
is if you've been married to the same person
for more than 50 years
and also one of you has been to war
and you know the loss.
I like this.
I like not only putting a number to it,
but putting restrictions to it.
So when someone's like, I love you 9,000 throbs
and you're like, no, you don't
because you didn't grow up in the same town
next door to each other.
So sorry.
How do we measure it though?
Is there a device like a meat thermometer
we can just plug into our hearts and know?
Mm-hmm.
It's a meat thermometer.
Hey, stab yourself at this.
I gotta know.
I gotta test it.
Right in the heart.
You know those things they put in turkeys
that you know it's done because it pops out?
Yeah.
It's like that.
Yeah.
It's like when you do your tire pressure
and it shoots out a certain amount
and you're like, oh, it looks like you're at about 5,000 throbs.
You guys are getting along well.
I wish that,
I think I'm just gonna stick to measuring my wife's love
the way I always have
and that's asking her to see a movie with Jason Statham in it.
What about the day when she one day says no?
That joke was actually donated to me by Ray Romano.
So I definitely want to thank him for all his.
Everybody like 4,000 throbs Raymond.
You know what I mean?
Everybody throbs Raymond.
That impression was the claim.
Was that the brother?
That was the brother.
Raymond's brother sounds like a vogue on Nightmare.
Hey, I have found that I become too emotionally invested
in television book series.
I tend to overload myself in the beginning
like when I discovered Doctor Who
and it consumed my every waking moment
and then feel empty and sad when they're over
or I'm caught up to the current season.
I don't know what to fill this void with
besides more television and book series.
Do you guys have any suggestions?
That's from Immoderate in Indianapolis.
I wish I knew the answer to this.
Travis is the king of just he'll call.
You'll suggest a new show to him
and he'll call you at like three in the morning.
Like, well, I watched All Upon Stars.
Yeah, like literally I will consume them
to non-existence like to the point where I use it all up
and no one else can enjoy it.
It's like for me, it's like, I can't be,
I can't be, my work ethic goes right out the window
when I know that there's TV that I should be watching.
You know what I mean?
Like I've watched four episodes of Game of Thrones
and all I want to do is watch the rest of them.
But I'm trying to savor the experience,
but it's literally while we've been doing this podcast
all I can think about is that show.
You know, what I found funny is
I love when something like that happens
and it gets put in perspective for you
because like I had never seen that as weird,
like just sitting down and like,
well, I've got today off,
I'm gonna watch every episode of season three of Doctor Who, right?
And then when I started living with Teresa,
she would come home and be like,
you were on the couch watching Doctor Who when I left.
I was like, yeah, I've been doing it all day.
And she was just horrified.
Like, how do you do that?
The good news is-
And then I realized it was weird.
The good news is that you've already found
the answer to your question.
You have to just move on to the next thing.
Yeah.
You just soak up the radiance of the next thing.
You gotta be constantly on the hunt.
That's why we got Twitter.
You know what dad does?
Our dad does something that's always blown my mind.
And I first noticed it when we go on vacation.
Hi, dad.
He will simultaneously read like five books.
And that blows my mind.
That idea of like, not just one book that you're glued to.
Like he'll read a chapter of one,
set it down and pick up another one
and read a chapter of that one
and set that down and pick up a different.
It's amazing.
He has an apparatus that he built
that allows him to read and turn the pages of five books at once
that he reads with compound eyes.
Our dad has compound eyes.
I have a hard enough time
finding one books that brain giles won't disapprove of
let alone five that I can read concurrently.
So maybe that's it.
Maybe pick like different shows
and try to like cut Dr. Who with Storage Wars.
Cut it, you know, and break it up a little bit.
Getting married helps us too.
Because when I conned my wife into watching Battlestar,
she ended up really liking it.
But at first when you're like,
and then this and then it's on space
and then it's old timey.
And as the captain, it's Edward James almost.
It's kind of a hard pitch.
So we had to watch Dawson's Creek alongside of it,
which is good because it took us longer
to get through both of them.
And now Dawson's Creek, of course, went on a lot longer.
So we're burning through those.
You got got though.
I got goofed.
Yeah, it was a dirty trick, but I fell for it.
Cause I do, cause that's my job.
And I think that's another thing,
watching something with someone.
So you have to like also match their schedule
cause like Teresa and I've been watching Downton Abbey.
That's how you do it, yeah.
Yeah, and because like we have two different schedules,
it's like, hey, let's find a special time
to watch an episode together
instead of like, well, she's off to work.
I'm gonna burn through the day watching,
you know, every episode or something.
You really, really can't enjoy a show like that.
You really, if you watch,
if you spend an entire day watching the show,
it's not a special anymore.
But now whenever new episodes of Downton Abbey come out,
like I watch them with my girlfriend
and it's like an event.
It's like an exciting thing that I get so excited for.
And when I said Downton Abbey, I meant The Bachelor.
I wish we could talk about The Bachelor together because
We can't.
I wanna, I need to air out some grievances
I have with Courtney.
Okay, well, I'll just take a headset off.
Hey, you can talk about it if I can pretend
like you're talking about flavor of love.
Can you switch the names around?
Just replace all the girls with New York.
How many pushups should I be able to do?
I'm 30 and a guy.
Thanks, brothers.
There's only one way to solve this, right?
All three of us do pushups right now to see how many.
Yeah, we got to do pushups right now and see how we do.
I can't, I just got to type.
Only if we can edit it out later,
because I feel like it's only good if we can come back
and say like 800.
Okay, all right, here we go.
800.
800, I did 800 too.
I did 14.
Wow, that is not good.
You really did them, huh?
But I had it, but my roommate sat on my back while I did it.
The thing is, it doesn't matter how many that you do,
it's the next time you got to do one more.
Big dog, no fear.
1998.
D-D-Deep, no fear.
Never give up, never surrender.
You could fight, you could fly, you could grow.
You got to save Maggie, got to save Jack,
let your roommate sit on your back.
Oh my God.
Bangarang, no fear.
You just got to get out there and bangarang,
you know what I'm saying?
No fear, I have all this,
I'm reading this off my car's rear windshield right now.
I have all this emblazoned there.
I've been in several collisions.
Travis, you could probably do,
were we to actually do pushups,
you could probably do more than us.
That seems fair.
That is probably true.
I have healthy upper body strength.
You use your physical form in the world
in a way that Griffin and I are unaccustomed.
I take a great offense to that
because I have recently been crushing it
with Mr. Bob Harper of The Biggest Loser
and he has been toning and blasting me
in ways that I did not know were possible
for my body to be toned and blasted.
Is the titular it that you're crushing your dignity?
Is that how you say it?
No kidding.
I put the DVD, the workout DVD,
in my computer in my room
so that no one can see.
Because when I work out,
I look like a fucking sea creature.
I look awful.
I am like within three minutes
before the fucking warmup is over,
I am just drenched in sweat.
I can't, I don't own free weights
with which to do the exercises
so I have to use cans of pineapples.
Is that why you keep telling me
you're eating so much pineapple?
One time I tried to do it with yearbooks
but they got too slippery
from the sweat I put on them.
I think the rule of thumb,
the problem is however many you say you can do,
if a person cares enough about it
to ask you how many you can do,
they're gonna say they can do five
more than whatever you just said.
Guys, I live in fear of the night
that I'm at a party
and all the dudes are like,
let's have a push-up competition.
I have defined my entire social life
around congregating with people
who are not gonna put me
in that awful, awful position.
And you ask, you know,
obviously where are the pineapples
if we're gonna do this.
Yeah, if we're gonna do it right.
Where's the cans of dole?
I'm gonna need a pineapple can
and I'm also gonna need
the skinniest person here to sit on my back.
I've been trying to get a little more active
and yesterday I was actually
riding the exercise bike
while I was watching an episode
of Parks and Recreation
and I thought, if I'm not careful,
I'm gonna lose touch with the streets.
This, that's my concern,
is I might not have the urban,
the sort of urban edge
that I once possessed.
I should mention I was also
drinking a glass of Pinot Gris.
And wearing a vest.
I was wearing a vest and nothing else.
And a monocle.
And a monocle.
And reading monocle.
Griffin, you got a yahoo?
I have a few yahoos.
This one was sent in by Galiayali.
Thank you, Gali.
It's by yahooanswersuser,
I'm not even gonna try,
K-X-F-L-E-U-G-H,
which I think is pronounced Kla.
Who asks,
how do I keep my bat left sharp?
How do I come out of the closet
as a Jeopardy fetishist?
Oh no.
I mean, there is nothing sexier to me
than a good looking
female Jeopardy contestant.
Wow.
What?
Maybe that's because of the rarity.
This is the only thing
I can ever think about again
that this exists.
Somewhere,
there's someone going,
what is my boner?
You can do as much for the world
as you want to to improve it,
and this will still be a thing in it.
It doesn't matter.
It's sunk.
The ship has sunk.
We've had questions about
wanting to bone Pokemon
and porn parties with your friends.
This is the most upsetting sexual thing
I've ever heard.
Because you record the episode
and you have no idea.
You're just trying to remember
what famous actress, etc, etc.
And there's some dude at home like,
yeah, answer.
Yeah, ring that buzzer.
You see how she signed her name?
Bet it all.
Let's deal with some
pretty harsh truths right now.
If you think that Ken Jennings
didn't get more trim
than a Persian rug factory,
then you are fooling yourself.
You are telling yourself
goofs and lies.
Yeah, but Griffin, here's the thing.
There's him rolling up to a bar
and all the Jeopardy groupies
like falling all over him.
That's perfectly fine.
That doesn't bother me at all.
But the idea of someone
sitting at home in the dark
in the glow of their TV screen
just like losing it
not because the person is winning
and they want to like
latch onto their coattails
but like just because
the person is on the show.
That's weird.
Situation.
There's an attractive lady
playing Jeopardy against two people
crushing them.
Crushing them.
By the time the final Jeopardy comes
there's no way they can catch up
but she still bets everything
gets the answer right
and writes a little joke down
in the answering field.
Yeah, I'm beating it.
All right.
Dot's the eye with a little heart.
Yeah, and the little heart
has a mustache for...
Well, I guess Trebek
doesn't have that anymore.
No.
And the little heart
doesn't have a mustache.
As she's leaving
she books her flight home
and they say,
wait, you've got to come
back tomorrow and win again.
She said, I just won Jeopardy.
Yeah.
And then she winks and leaves.
Batten a thousand.
And then she gets...
And then they say,
did anyone catch her name?
No, she was a Jeopardy angel.
She was Roma Downey.
She's gone now.
Schooled by an angel.
And that was the day
I shaved my mustache.
Alex Trebek.
I'm saying there's a lot of
I'll say
sort of
conspicuous sexual energy
in Jeopardy.
I think it's under the radar.
And it's all generated by Alex Trebek.
Well, and also in every episode
someone talks about Merv Griffith.
If there's ever been a dirtier name
I don't know what it is.
Merv Griffith.
I do love when that show
gets accidentally sexual.
Like when the guy
got the question
about the garden instrument
that also means a person of loose morals
and he said, ho.
And the answer was rake.
There was one where the guy
got asked what a punch
to the back of the head was called
named after an animal.
And he said donkey punch.
But it's really a rabbit punch.
That's brutal.
So you've been working
at what are you writing
a mental floss article about this or what?
So you're pretty well educated.
Well, listen, thank you guys
so much for joining us.
We certainly appreciate
you spending this time with us.
My brother, my brother, me
is the show if you've forgotten.
Thank you so much to everybody who
tweets about the show throughout the week
using the NBA hashtag.
Our friend, also named Rico
was was crushing it this week
with I think 30 or 40 tweets.
Kalia Buckler.
I think this person's name
is Donger Monkey.
Hallways.
Gowdy James is always Church's wife.
All the all the classic
the classic hits.
Nikki the rat.
Chapman Cara.
Just use that NBA hashtag.
Joshua Moore.
Autosun Hooligan D89.
Sport Berk.
So many.
And thank you to everybody who
who has shared the show with a friend.
Told someone to listen.
You can of course find us on
iTunes search for, you know, our show.
And while you're searching iTunes,
might I recommend checking out
the satellite dish with Justin
and Sydney McElroy.
It's it's just so good.
Their take on on modern day
television.
Hilarious.
And in case of emergencies on there too,
is Travis show we talked about
how you can survive disaster scenarios.
It's practical, useful advice.
Pretty, pretty different from ours.
Our show.
You can download my EP.
Modern, modern love.
Is that the name of it?
What did you decide on?
It's called Helplessness Blues
because I I am Fleet Foxes.
You guys probably don't know that about me.
I did not know.
Congratulations.
You got your guys are having a great year.
You got your guys are having a great year.
I want to thank John Roderick
and the Long Winters
for the use of a theme song.
It's a departure off the album.
Putting the days to bed.
Justin, you recently got you.
You recently had a long winters experience, right?
Yeah, I'm a man.
John Roderick took a picture of him
and Chris believe from President
United States of America
because he knew it made me happy.
Wait for that mashup that sent it to me.
Yeah, super collider.
So yeah, get that out.
You're gonna you're gonna you're gonna love it.
Your kids are gonna love it.
And it sounds like Travis
is starting to open a candy of some sort.
So we should probably wrap up.
It's my Valentine's Day candy.
I'm really excited about it.
I got 50% off.
Griffin, right?
Just so cheap because I waited
till after the hundredth.
This final Yahoo!
We were sent in by...
You advise people!
Griffin, go.
Is sent in by Kit Recca.
Thank you, Kit.
It's by Yahoo!
Answers user George Costanza.
Sure.
My two hamsters escaped my hamster city
and settled in my wall
and won't listen to Reason.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother,
and me, Kiss Your Dad.
Square on the lips.
