The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I am your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your babiest thought thinker, social guru, baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
Griffin, uh, this week is at the South X South W festival. Six was six.
I'm not exactly sure. It is a festival that was created by a race of alien locusts people.
And so it's been the proper pronunciation and not a lot of people get this. Not a lot of the tech
uh, thought thinker gurus here get that it's actually pronounced. Quick question. When people
refer to themselves as thought thinker gurus, are they expelled from the conference? Uh,
they are admitted. That's actually when you pick up your badge, they say, we got to take
a profile pic for our social site. And then you take a profile pic for the social site.
And then they say, what's your position? You say, I'm a writer for a video game website. And they
go, Ooh, close, but no cigar. You go, Oh no, no, I'm shit. Sorry. I'm a thought thinker guru.
They're like, okay, come on in. Come on in and disrupt this shit. Promise me this week, Griffin,
when you get the person with the worst job title on their business card, something along the lines
of social media professor or ninja of tweets, master of Twitter foo, master of Twitter foo.
You take the card and then while they look on in horror, you just slowly eat it,
never breaking eye contact with them. And then ask for a second, then ask.
The problem is that a lot of these business cards aren't actually business cards. Sometimes
they're jump drives. Sometimes they're bracelets. Sometimes they're actually they're Twitter
accounts. Sometimes they're rice crackers. People will just create bespoke Twitter accounts
and then hand those out as their business cards. Just to really hit the drive, the point home that
they're thought thinkers. That's okay. Maybe a slap bracelet would be the way to go. You goof,
but I Garen goddamn T it. If I walked down dirty six long enough, someone will just like,
I'm walking down the street and someone will be like brand cuffs right there on me. I'm sorry.
Did you say brand cuffs? God, Travis, it's like you're living in fucking 2011.
Yeah. Uh, South by Southwest. Is it, is it about music? I really don't know. It's a, it's a lot of
things about armadillos and music and people playing armadillos to create music. That's exactly
right. Or turning them like stomp or turning armadillos or pressing their shells down and
turning them into film. That's the, all the film that gets made here and debuted here,
like the Veronica Mars movie debuted last night was printed on armadillo. It gets,
you get a really nice quality. Um, if you, if you haven't seen a apocalypse now on 35 millimeter
armadillo skin, then you just haven't seen the film. You just haven't seen it. Do you
do much star spotting at South by Southwest? Is it, is it an opportunity to spot some,
some celebs? No, I spent all my time at the gaming side of it, which is like,
Oh God, well forget about it. I don't have any celebrities. They keep it across,
across the river from where all the thought thinkers are. I'm sure Norris
plays world of warcraft. Was he there? Uh, he doesn't and he wasn't and he can't.
Mr. T does. He doesn't. And he wouldn't, he wouldn't. And he shouldn't. And he
don't. And he can't. He's on the commercials and he plays. Is that Mario's nephew, Daniel?
Is that Daniel Mario? That's his last name. Yeah, their last name is Mario. Um, no, it's a,
it's, it's a bunch of different festivals all rolled into one and it's, um, I'm not as like
jaded about it as literally every other Austinite is. Um, but it does make it, it does, I mean,
it does disrupt my taco eating because it's, well, it's all about disruptive media. They definitely
fucking get in there and they disrupt the line by which I mean, they make it quintuple the normal
line for tacos. Did you just go to Taco Bell? I just go to Taco Bell. I goofed about that
on Twitter. I was like, Hey guys, come to Austin for tacos. Just go to Taco Bell. There's a reason
why it's so popular. And then Taco Bell fucking responded on Twitter. God, nice. They were like,
not cool, Griffin. You could kind of hurt our feelings with that one. Of all the professional
relationships for you to jeopardize, you have to go and jeopardize a relationship with Taco Bell.
I know they'll, they fucking locked me out. Where am I supposed to get my fourth meal now?
Jack in the box? No, thanks. They do have tacos there and spaghetti.
That's troubling and steak. And you can do your taxes and you can do your taxes at choppy.
Uh, let's help people. I I'm done with this disruptive technology. It's been disruptive
to our show long enough. Uh, that said, Griffin, if you do spot any stars like during the recording,
please let me know if they walk into my office. Yeah. Or walk past your window. This is the real
Austin. I'm looking at two stars right now. My brothers. Uh, who? Cause you can't see us.
Kristen Bell and doc Shepherd. Okay. Cool. They stopped by. I was going to say,
if you're still seeing stars outside and you forgot to set your clock forward.
Ah, that's your problem, not mine. That's not how daylight savings. That isn't how time works.
What are you talking about? Hello, but yeah, it's called a great joke
for the show. I don't actually prefer that you don't do those anymore. Don't do great jokes.
Just, I mean, just say what you mean from now on. I'm done with jokes on this show. They're just
like silly, you know, some of our jokes are just like goofy, you know, I want to go back to that
old school joke. That high brow Dax Shepard shit. I'm on that. Talked about that. I'm on that Dax.
See, that's just silly. I'm on that Dax. I need, I want a joke on the show. I need jokes,
but set up punchline. Dax. Set up. What do you call a Dax Shepard? See, this is good, Travis.
I don't know. What do you call a Dax? Well, I mean, presumably Dax Shepard. You call him Dax
Shepard. Okay. Cause that's his goddamn name. See, that had a set up and it had a punchline,
but it was a little lacking in the Dax department. If we're talking about basic joke construction.
Okay. Griffin, Dax, Dax, Dax, Dax, Dax, Dax. Again, you were sort of deficient. Fuck me.
Hello brothers. My boyfriend and I have been together almost a year now. And I feel like
the fresh buzz of the honeymoon phase is starting to wear off. Is he listening? Put him in front of
the radio. Don't get me wrong. I still very much love him and cannot consider a life without him,
nor do I want to. It's just hard when I see friends or coworkers starting, starting cute,
new relationships. And I feel myself missing the unique twangs of new love. This is my first
relationship that's ever stuck. So I've never encountered this feeling before. What can I do?
That's from wistful on the West coast. And it is not a bad question.
No. And I'm, I'm very glad that that last, um, sort of interjection about this being the first
like long relationship because like, um, yeah, like that happens with your first long relationship.
I feel like, and it's not, I don't think it's something that it really is part of the territory
once you've been, um, in a couple of these bad boys. Yeah. And I think that what you're feeling
is complete, completely normal. Sure. Like here's the thing. Look like what you're seeing is the
cute new relationships. What you're not seeing is all the single people desperately trying to
connect with another human being all the shitty new relationships that are starting all of the
problems and fights and awkward breakups and trying to tell someone that the first date didn't
work out all of that, you know, all of the baggage and even worse that like the fifth date didn't
work out. And that's like, I, I went through a period where I like had a lot of those sort of
like one to two month long relationships and it sucked every single time because like you get your
own hopes up, you get the other person's hopes up. And then when you realize like that, it's not
going to work out. Like that's the, that is like seriously in all of my days and all the things I've
experienced that, that is like the shittiest feeling in the entire world. And like to me,
once you find that right person that you love being with and you, you quote, can't like consider
your life without like that is a blessing because you don't have to deal with that other shit
anymore. So here's what you do. You vampire it. Oh boy. No, no, no. Cause here's what I mean.
You need to then you and your partner hang out with these new young couples and just kind of
feed off their like little looks between the two of you and little handholds when it's like, I
remember when we were like that and you get that little like tiny burst of that new cute feeling.
And then you go back to your house where you already know each other well enough that you
don't have to deal with each other's bullshit. I need you at home to remember that cute new
relationship stuff. And this is going to sound cynical, but it isn't. It's your body. It's your
like body chemistry way of trying to trick you into procreating and deep down in your heart,
beneath your soul, there is a little, um, man who just wants you. He's like a dirty guy. He's like,
just do it. Cause he wants you to procreate and spread your species. It's a deepest,
most primal impulse you have. His name is Charles Darwin and he's a dirty bird. It's
Charles Darwin. He lives in your heart and he's a dirty bird cause he wants you to just do it. Skip
all this relationship stuff. Just do it. Spread the virus of humanity. This feeling that this new
relationship feeling is really just like a, it's like a no interest loan to get you in to and
custom, uh, relationship car. It's there, there you're, it's just a way to suck you in. It suckers
you in. And then the important stuff is the fact that you have a friend and somebody who
supports you and somebody you care a lot about and somebody who's a great match for you.
And a lot of that like new relationship stuff doesn't have to worry about any of that. Like
it's a, you're free wheeling like, so yeah, it's, it's, it's, um, cute, but it's also
insubstantial, right? You know, because it doesn't, you, it doesn't have the bedrock.
It doesn't have anything built underneath it. And I, and I can understand the, the missing that
feeling, but like two things. First off, don't, I have known so many people who have traded in really
great relationships for a taste of that feeling again. Um, and, and, and that's not to say that
I don't feel like romantic love towards my wife every single day and, and find a new reason why,
uh, I love her more than anything. Listen, she cut, listen to the show. I got to cover my fucking
bases. When you've been married seven years, Justin said, I mean it too for mine. I love my wife more
and more every day. Like all the grains in the, of sand, that's where she carried you. Anyway, I,
I've seen people trade in great relationships for a taste of that feeling. You got to remember that
once you get to be my age, the number of feelings that you won't feel anymore from youth pile up so
much that that one's just another one for the sack. Just throw it on the fire. I don't remember,
there's a lot of things I used to feel that I don't feel anymore because I'm old. I'm an old
man. I know it's not, that's the, you'll trust, you'll just get lost in the shuffle, but I think
it could be a really destructive, it could be a really destructive impulse. Um, another, and this,
and you know, this is going to get into like boring, like normal relationship advice crap,
so I won't dwell on it, but, uh, a great way to sort of get a semblance of this feeling about
back is to put you and your significant other into a new relationship. I mean, I think we've
seen it time and time again, perhaps in Steve Carell vehicle date night, when you're thrust into
a unfamiliar circumstance, you discover new stuff about the person you're with and something like
that is, is, is, uh, you know, sort of what that new relationship smell is generating.
You always got to find his one weakness. You always got to pick on his one fucking slip up
and never, I'm talking about you, Justin, and your relationship with Steve Carell.
Oh, I'm sorry. Did I accidentally bring up, uh, the incredible Burt Wonderstone?
Also, you are always writing his, even his fucking grill.
B stringers are better than most people's A material.
You've got a fucking timeshare in Steve, Steve Carell's grill and it's fucking shameful. What
have you done? You know what I mean? Did you, I mean, did, did you see Evan Almighty? I mean,
did you, I watched it on a plane. It gave me diarrhea guys. We kick stuff off. It looked
like full blown Dr. Rue style. I don't know if that's the pace that we usually, I got Dr. I
hope that helped. I watched the, we watched the episode of quantum leap yesterday in season five,
I think like ep eight where Sam Beckett jumps into Dr. Ruth. This is not a joke. This is an
actual episode of quantum leap. Um, it is the craziest hour of television I think I've ever
watched in my entire life because Dr. Ruth is an imaging chamber hanging out with Al Calvici in
real life and like helping him deal with his sexual childishness, let's call it.
And there's like a full quantum leap, just like jump the shark episode two.
Yeah. And then it just stayed, it hovered over the shark like Chris Angel mind freak the entire
time. There's like a two minute segment where they're dealing with the fact that Al Calvici
can't say the word breasts because he's such a sexual child. And instead he has to say like
bazongas, balloons, beepers, boppos, weep, weeps, Jim Jim's slappers. And that episode one, two
Emmys for best boobs, best nicknames for breasts by Al Calvici. Wow. Train wreck.
Is that on Netflix? It's on Netflix and it's on Hulu. You're going to want to watch it on Hulu
because they don't have all the episodes on Netflix, including the one where Sam leaps
into Lee Harvey Oswald. That's the best. It's the fucking best. You guys want Yahoo? Yeah. Thanks
everybody for sending in your Yahoo's. We burned through a lot of them because we did the, uh,
we did the bonus episode with our dad, which you can listen to now if you are a donor. Uh,
and if you're not, you're about to be cause we're kicking off the max fun drive next week. Uh,
more deets on that soon. Uh, but this Yahoo was sent in by, uh, Amelie Belcher. Thanks Amelie.
It's by Yahoo answers user. What was that? It's right next to the Amelie from the movie Amelie.
Amelie. Cause she just walks around in person. You just, it's about a young girl who can only
say her own name. I cook an egg with a spoon. Amelie. Jesus. She cooks an egg with a spoon.
Fall in love again with me. Amelie. Now on DVD.
You missed that new relationships, but maybe fall in love with me. Don't look for me on
Blu-ray. I'm not on Blu-ray. I'm on my DVD. I'm too small to fit on the Blu-ray. They lose me.
I am Amelie. I'm hiding near the spindle. I am Amelie.
I'm hiding near the spindle. I am Amelie. This laser disc is gigantic. I am on the edge of it.
Hello. It is like a plate for my egg dinner. Delicious. I am Amelie.
I am inside your pocket. You have enough money to buy my DVD.
You have to stop or it'll be the whole show.
I'm in VHS tapes because I would get in the little holes and spin around.
Is Amelie a borrower? What's going on?
Yes, I live in a home with a mice king. I'm married to the mice king. My staff is a lollipop, Amelie.
Thank you. Oh, Christ. Give me a second. All right. Thank you, Amelie Belcher. This is by
Yahoo Answers user Erica, who asks, I want to give up Taco Bell for Lint.
For Kent, nice start. I was thinking about giving up Taco Bell since I am obsessed with it.
But I ate Taco Bell on Ash Wednesday, then later that night decided to give it up.
But since I decided after, does it still count or should I give up something else?
You have to double give it up. Now, how would that happen?
You have to give it up and then steal it from someone else and throw it away.
Oh, but that's just thievery. It's not. Yeah, you got to rob and hood the Taco Bell.
You got to rob from the rich and give to the garbage.
Travis, the problem with your plan is that it's not very sustainable.
How's that? We're good.
If you want to be the top, first of all, taco burglar, you're going to get in.
A pretty serious trademark dispute with McDonald's.
What about the gordita grabber?
Gordita grabber. Yeah, sure. That's totally kosher.
Gordito bandito.
Can someone explain to me Lint?
You give stuff up and you feel bad because Jesus gave stuff up.
You give stuff up and you feel bad because Jesus gave stuff up.
I know that there's a shit ton of places that do fish. They get super fish.
I think BK is running some ads now where it's like,
we got all the fish sandwiches your Catholic mouth can possibly eat.
So is it while Lint is going on, you're also not supposed to eat meat and only fish?
Because if that's the case, then yeah, Taco Bell, probably not for you.
I do not think they have.
It's on Fridays. You're just supposed to eat fish, fish Fridays.
On Lint or across the calendar?
No, that I do not know.
No, just during Lint, you're not supposed to eat serious meat on Fridays, I think.
If I'm not mistaken, that is because back in the day,
England had this huge surplus of fish and they needed to keep their fish.
I'm not even joking that they're fishing, but I know you're not joking.
That's what makes it funny is that our world is the fucking dumbest.
Fishing boats were also the Navy and they had to keep the fishing boats employed
so they could keep their Navy afloat.
So it's your old pal Sal Pescalito, your local fisherman.
Hey, I just found a new missing page of the Bible.
Like I found it blown around in the street like Bart's nightmare.
Let me tell you, it says that Jesus loves fish on Fridays.
Huge fan.
Huge, huge fan.
Trust me, I'm Sal Pescalito.
I remembered my name from when I said it a minute ago.
Which is really the greatest feat Griffin McElroy's ever done on this show.
It's a Lint miracle.
I've been waiting to reference Bart's nightmare for three years now.
And that is the series finale of My Brother, My Brother and Me.
Okay, Taco Bell.
I mean, here's the thing.
Here's a little Lint secret.
Have you guys ever given anything up for Lint?
Can we address that first and foremost?
Maybe in high school and all your friends were doing it.
We don't do Lint.
No, I know, but like you didn't like all your friends were doing it in high school.
You were like, you know what?
I am too.
In college, we gave up fast food, but that was like a more of like an excuse for weight
loss thing more than it was any kind of religious.
And then what we did is we did not eat fast food for 40 days.
And then on the 41st day, fucking took it to everything.
We drove an hour and a half to the closest Jack in the box and like just loaded up the
vehicle with fast food, drove home and had like a three hour feast of fast food.
And then we all died.
Yeah, now it tries to go.
So if you're going to do a Lint thing and you really want to do it for a month and some
change, then it's got to be something you can realistically go without for a month and
some change.
So in that regard, don't, I don't think this is a good idea because of course you're
going to eat Taco Bell.
You have to, you'll die.
You'll die if you don't.
I think if your special thing that you gave up for Lint to really prove your devotion
to the big guy is Taco Bell.
He is already so thoroughly unimpressed with you that like he's not going to get out the
calendar and double check you.
Yeah, it's fine.
You're trying your best.
You clearly, you know, are giving it your best shot.
Do you say you're going to give something up for Lint?
What would it be?
It's odd.
It has been so obvious to me since the very beginning.
There is only one thing that makes sense to give up for Lint and that's candy because
it ends on Easter.
Oh, so you are just, oh, like you're, you have preserved your candy virginity.
You are like the taste of the succulent taste.
What?
You're washed.
I mean, you're washed clean and you're born again.
Candy virginity.
It's your second chance at candy virginity.
Patched your candy.
Your second gummy cherry.
Oh, yes.
Thank you.
And then once that big, beautiful bunny comes to your house and leaves you with that
treasure, he takes your candy virginity.
It is going to be the best candy you've ever eaten.
And God is going to be like, you see, you did it.
I got you back and I'm so proud.
I invented jelly beans.
The intent was always for people to give up candy for Lint.
That's always what God intended for you to give up.
That's why he made the Easter bunny from Adam's foot.
Did they have, wow.
That's, that's a hundred percent biblical scholar Justin McElroy.
I think, did they have candy back in Bethlehem days?
Yeah, it was probably shitty.
It was like dried salted fish.
I was going to say, yeah, it's like figs that they tried to jam in the shape of gummy bears.
Like, hey kids, we invented candy.
No, you didn't.
Don't try to get ahead of me.
I know I'm only 10, but that's, I know a fig when I see one.
It's like one of two foods that we had.
It's figs and bread.
That's all we got.
We haven't even figured out how you can eat the fish yet.
What a great day that's going to be.
Only on Fridays though.
Friday sucked dick.
Friday sucked dick.
We can't eat anything.
I think back in those days, I think back in those days, like the sacrifices were so much,
like I gave up furniture.
I gave up furniture for Lint.
I gave up standing up.
You only had like six things that you could do.
You had furniture, dates, bread, cocaine.
Your habit of trying to figure out a way to eat fish.
Yeah, I don't know.
Your obsession with the pursuit of edible fish.
Just grab the head and the tail and just bite it somewhere.
I don't know.
Why does it have this armor on the outside of it?
These are disgusting.
I gave up scorpions.
There are not a lot of foods that so willfully try to dissuade you from eating them.
You think about fish for a second.
Fish is covered in inedible, hard to remove little pieces of chitin.
And then once you get inside and finally find the meat, it's got razor sharp tiny thin bones.
That are invisible.
Invisible to the human eye.
If there's ever been a clear signal that we're not supposed to eat that, I don't know what it is.
Maybe the blowfish that has the poison in it.
That was that was one that Jeezu like really tried.
Like guys, get the fucking net.
Get it.
You're not supposed to eat these.
But on Friday the poison is nullified.
I don't know if you knew that.
Every Friday, Fugu Friday.
Just like swallow it whole, baby.
Let it roll.
I think I might have made that thing up about the English.
Fish and the fish.
Swallow it whole.
Let it roll.
Catholicism.
Another question.
It's a new religion.
Give it another.
I need another question.
I'm 22 and I've been working in a manufacturing plant for about six months.
It's not a terrible job, but it is not what I want to be doing with my whole life.
I have dreams of being a stand-up comedian.
I know it takes a really long time to get to a point where I can support myself solely doing
stand-up.
If I ever get to that point at all.
Brothers, how do I keep myself motivated at my current job while simultaneously pursuing
my dream?
Ambitious in Ohio.
Roman Mars gave me some amazing advice recently.
And I said that, you know, I was interested in doing like sketch comedy, but I felt like
I was too old.
And I said, how old is too old?
And he said, do you know how old you'll be when you're successful at it?
The same age you'll be if you don't try.
And it's like, okay, excellent point.
It's like that idea of like.
That dude is like, everything he says is super on point.
Yeah.
Can you imagine if like one of us were like that?
Like how much better this show would be?
It would be really good.
When he's, when he said, like when you read that, did you hear like an ambient soundscape
behind his words?
Cause like, I don't think I could talk when I, when I saw him at max fun con, I couldn't
talk to him unless I started some sort of a lovely ambient soundscape.
He actually just carries a tablet with him.
That's full of ambient sounds.
And just when you start talking, he's like, hold up a finger.
He's like, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
And he hits you.
You hear like, man, you're.
99% invisible.
He's a robot.
Now what he's at.
Roman Mars is also a robot.
Uh, now the, uh, the question is not whether I should try what he's saying is how does
he stay motivated in his current job while pursuing his dream while pursuing his dream?
You know, the thing is, I think the thing is though, like you can always find like,
I'm sure there's an open mic night somewhere near you, you know?
And if nothing else, when you're at work, write jokes in your head, you know what I
mean?
And then write them down on your break and then do what Steve Martin did and stand in
front of your mirror for hours on end and practice your jokes and hone your craft and
figure out the best delivery.
And you know, I tell you what, the only thing that ever kept me, uh, invested in like, uh,
non mentally taxing gigs, let's say that, uh, the only thing that ever kept me invested.
And this is a good lesson for like, um, people who run a business too and have their own
employees.
The only thing that ever kept me invested was ownership.
Um, when I would be given ownership of something, whatever it was, that was something that would
invest me a lot more into the gig.
So like when I was working at Best Buy, for example, I would try to sell karaoke machines
by, uh, doing karaoke there to the delight, I assume, of all the customers.
Uh, and you know, everybody would take a turn and it was fun, but it was my project.
It was something I came up with.
We only had like two machines for sale.
I'm pretty sure we never sold any, but I-
So not a great thing you did.
So when you say you tried, what you mean is you didn't try killing time by jerking off
with a karaoke machine.
No, it's less about the, it's less about the impact on sales and more about the impact
on myself as an employee because I felt more invested in my gig because I had ownership
of something.
But you weren't doing anything.
You were just singing karaoke.
You weren't selling the machines.
That wasn't the only part of my job that was impacted.
My whole attitude towards the gig changed.
And I would take on other, like just decide this is your section.
This is the thing that you're going to crush and you're going to be responsible for it.
It's your baby.
And it's not juice, can I tell you?
It sounds like you really killed it.
Thanks Griffin.
I think I did a really good job.
Those were, those are not high margin items anyway.
Selling one wouldn't have made that big of an impact.
This guy works in manufacturing though, which I think is like a gig that is specifically
designed to crush those kinds of feelings with like an iron Orwellian fist.
Like I'm taking charge of this one nut that I put on this one door.
Then you do something that is not related to your job.
Take it, start a softball team, take ownership of it.
Buy a ping pong table.
Don't buy a ping pong table.
How about take ownership of your stand up comedy career?
He's asking about, listen, Travis, if you one more time try to tell this guy how to
pursue a stand up comedy career when that is not his problem, I'm going to find someone
who's better at advice than you.
Let me throw this out.
I hate having to throw that out there on you.
I understand.
Good luck.
Let me throw this out.
Open the door, yell outside.
Anyone want to tell me what to do?
Like, yep, I got you.
I got you.
What if you set up a reward system?
Cookie points.
Yeah, more or less where you say like, every time I save $100 from my manufacturing job,
I'll take myself out to dinner.
I'll go see a stand up comedy show.
I'll rent a movie, whatever.
But just something that makes it more than just the drudgery of work.
Something that feels like you're building towards a goal.
Yeah, I mean, that is good advice, actually.
Oh, damn it.
Yeah.
All right, you're back.
You're back on.
Yeah, I did it.
Call my, now here's how you pursue your stand up comedy.
God damn it.
No, wait, no.
I blew it.
I blew it.
Hello, brothers.
In a few months, I am moving in with some friends of mine.
They already have three housemates, a couple and the lady in the couple's little brother.
Yes.
No, that sentence made sense to the people who heard it, but not to the person who said
it out loud.
Okay, a couple and the lady in the couple's little brother.
It's the couple and one of their little brothers.
Oh, the lady.
Okay, got it.
All right, got it.
The couple is going to India for five months, and the little brother is going to go to Thailand.
Did you almost say Thailand?
No.
You're like Anthony Bourdain.
So world smart.
You're so savvy.
How do my friends and I tell the travelers that at least one of them will be essentially
homeless when they return?
That's for moving in Melbourne.
I don't understand.
Just let them get home.
Let them walk in.
Your shit's there.
In a few months, you're moving in with some friends.
They already have three housemates.
The couple and the brother are leaving.
How did your friends tell the travelers that?
I don't understand.
Are you it seems to me that they're moving to India for five months and this dude's like
creep sneaking in to take over one of their rooms while they're gone.
Okay, so like that's probably not legal.
I don't fucking understand.
You can't just like you don't have squatters rights if like somebody lives there already.
Like if they don't know that they're not going to have a house when they get back,
what the fuck are you talking about?
Well, that's why they're trying to that's why they're trying to figure out how to tell them.
How crazy is it in Melbourne?
Like is it just a sort of a outlaw sort of system where if somebody if you leave your house
and somebody else rolls into your house, that's their house.
Okay, let's mathematically let's bust this down.
Okay, a few months moving in with some friends of mine.
So we can assume that the non moving parties are more than one person will say it's two people.
They have three housemates is a big ass house.
It's got five people in it.
Three of the housemates are leaving for a period of time and then when they return.
They're not going to have a place to live anymore because you're moving into their house.
It sounds like depending on how many friends you have in that house,
you are evicting a majority share of the house.
And that's just not how like anything works.
You can't kick out a majority of the people in the house against their will.
I don't think this is like you can't just like fucking.
I think what he's saying is if one or I mean,
either the brother or presumably the couple isn't going to split so.
Ooh, make them choose.
Are you saying get some pool cues, snap them over your knee,
throw them to him and say one of you will be evicted.
Why do you say like that?
Oh, that's your that's your Australian accent.
Yeah, not good.
Not good.
Not great.
Throw another shrimp on the bar.
Terrific.
Fantastic.
Bye Australia.
Hey Australia.
Thanks for listening and supporting.
Oh, they know.
I've got an Australian friend.
I can say whatever.
Sorry, Travis thinks you sound like Orson Welles.
Yeah, and fat Orson Welles too.
You're welcome.
This is the fucking house of leaves of my brother.
My brother me questions.
I still don't understand the scenario.
Can I just suggest an answer that we have gotten more,
leaned on more frequently, I think, in our twilight years.
Just tell them.
Just tell them and sit and use your word and just tell them.
Can I role play this though?
I'll be, you be the person telling and I will be the parties that are moving away for a while.
Crikey, Jim.
Okay, start over.
I'm sorry to have-
Do try again.
Okay, start over.
Garblimey, Governor.
Nailed it.
I have some bad news for you.
Okay, I'm listening.
When you're moving out, it's gonna be really hard for us to sustain rent.
Oh, we're not moving out.
We're just hopping out to Australia.
We're gonna put, you know, feel free to sublet them, but then we're gonna get back
because we're a majority share of the people living in the house.
We're just gonna hop back right in there.
You bring up an excellent point, Griffin.
Are they planning on paying rent for the five months they're gone?
See, I would like to suggest, I would like to make a motion to table, reason being that
we do not have enough information to accurately and professionally solve this problem.
Seconded.
Sorry.
Seconded.
All those in favor, say aye.
Aye.
Aye.
All those opposed?
I abstain.
Motion passes.
I abstain until marriage.
Until marriage.
Let's get paid.
March is National Start Your Business Month.
All right.
Listen.
And April is National Finish This Business Month.
You hate your manufacturing job.
You love standup comedy.
It's time to start your business.
Don't worry about the numbers.
God'll, Jesus take the wheel.
Start a standup comedy business?
Start your own standup comedy business for National Start Your Business Month.
And LegalZoom is gonna help you.
You can form your own corporation or LLC and file your DBA.
Also, these are some funny motherfuckers.
They will write all your goofs, 100% of your material.
They are the Bruce Valanch of third party legal companies.
This, this month only, you can take advantage of,
LegalZoom's got a National Start Your Business Month special.
You get a free three month trial of the all new QuickBooks,
which is worth $120.
Well, $119, but still.
And that's when you enter my brother in the referral box at checkout.
So that's pretty great.
And it's just because we love you.
QuickBooks makes it easier to run your new business,
your standup comedy business, and you're worth it.
So please keep in mind,
LegalZoom provides self-help services
and can connect you with the right attorney,
but they're not a law firm.
What they are, are the funniest,
the funniest legal document assistance company on the planet.
You like this podcast?
You think this podcast is funny?
You should listen to the LegalZoom cast.
Fuck me, shit, jokes on jokes on jokes on jokes.
Split sides like Jack the Ripper.
That's LegalZoom.com.
Use the promo code, my brother, all one word.
They have it inter-capped here.
I don't know if you need to do that,
but my brother and LegalZoom, start that business.
You're worth it.
Kick it off.
Guys, my brother, My Brother and Me
is also supported by Warby Parker,
which is a new concept in eyewear.
Glasses are expensive in most cases.
I just actually, I bought some glasses like a dumb-o
and it cost me $600 million, like after evil.
Borat.
Are you telling me you got rid of the Randy Jackson shades?
The Randy Jackson shades were apparently my prescription
and those particular frame-os were like ancient
because I went to a doctor and he's like,
let me try this.
And I was like, oh, shades.
You could suddenly see through the wall.
I remember shapes, sure.
So yeah, I got rid of those.
I got rid of those Randy Jacksons.
I got Lucky Brand, like the jeans, and they're cool.
I think they look all right, but on the inside,
it says Lucky You, which I also have a pair of jeans
that say that on the zipper when you unzip them.
So like, if you're getting into the act of intimacy
and then it's like a little banner that's like,
hey, I'm a douche nozzle.
Anyway, that was a very long-
Don't be a fuck-up like Griffin.
Don't be a fuck-up.
I fuck up so hard.
Go to Warby Parker and you can get
Fashion Forward Prescriptione glasses
that start at $95.
What?
Yeah, and they include anti-reflective, anti-glare coating.
I did pay extra for those on my stupid ass douche glasses.
And that $95 includes the prescription.
Includes the prescription, includes the frames,
includes the anti-reflective and anti-glare coating,
which you should use if you use a computer a lot.
But now here's the, like, let me give you the,
let me give you the big best thing about Warby Parker,
the thing that Griffin really fucked up.
They have a home try-on program.
They'll go to send you five pairs of glasses
to right to your house.
You try them on, you pick the ones you want,
preferably the ones that don't say Lucky You on the inside.
And then you send them back, the ones you don't want back.
You don't, are not obligated to buy anything.
It's like a gift for you.
They also have prescription polarized sunglasses for $150.
No big deal.
Just finally protect your eyes.
That's a great deal because what I had to do
was go to the glasses store, buy myself,
put on glasses and take pictures of myself discreetly
using my phone and then send them to my wife saying,
do these make me look like an asshole?
We've all been there.
I did the same thing the last time I tried on stupid glasses.
Boy, do I love taking pictures of myself in public.
Don't do that.
Go to Warby Parker.
If you go to warbyparker.com slash my brother,
you can get free three-day shipping
on your five home try-on frames, which is crazy.
So go to that warbyparker.com slash my brother,
all one word, and don't embarrass yourself in public.
Got a message for Alita from Will.
Alita says, you filled, oh, this seems like a song,
but I'm gonna try my best.
There's definitely-
No, do it like a beat poet.
Okay.
Can you guys give me some beats?
You know that that's not what beat poets do.
Yeah, it comes in between.
You filled me with such love and joy
since before I got a one knee.
Marriage to you is greater still.
How we were meant to be.
This year, we made discoveries like UU and D&D.
Commitments that strengthened ours
and brought you closer to me.
I know not what next year will bring.
Sights that we will see, but I don't care.
Everywhere you look, everywhere there's a heart.
So that's the end of it.
I assume she didn't have enough room to make up the last rhyme.
So, but I don't care.
You're my snuggle bear.
I'll just write that for Alita.
So I'm glad you guys are in love.
That makes me very happy.
Alita and Will, and I hope you have many more to come.
Travis, do we have any other messages?
We do for Tommy S.
It's from Claire S.
It's a special birthday wish.
I'm hoping the McElroy brothers will gift to you
a new term of endearment.
You've had the same one since 2002
and only their collective genii can replace it with something better.
Genii, it's the plural of genitalia.
Yeah, I see.
I love you so much and look forward to the next 150 birthdays together.
P.S. Let's make a baby.
Boom.
What is-
Whoa.
Why are we booming?
And then it says, Dear McElroy brothers, please help with a new-
And then it's cut off, so I don't know.
I'm assuming it's new baby.
A new baby.
All right.
I can give you some-
Okay, so here's what you're gonna need to do.
Here's how that all works.
New term of endearment.
New term of endearment.
What's-
Baby maker.
What's the name?
Claire S.
How about this?
Claire's.
No, it's for Tommy.
No, we're looking for Tommy though.
Oh, it's for Tommy.
Shit.
No, but call him Claire.
How about that?
What about-
Tommy's.
King baby maker.
Uh-huh.
What about prince?
Prince is too much.
Baby hose.
Squidgy face.
Rummy tummy tom tom.
No.
Rummy tummy tom tom is very good.
Tommy gun.
Tommy gun.
That's what everyone knows.
Like the porn star?
Yeah.
I think Tommy gun's a box-
Tommy touch a lot.
Tommy toucher.
Tommy toucher.
Touchable Tom.
Ricky ticky Tommy.
Earl Ray Tomblin.
The Tommiest.
The Who's Tommy.
Yes, the Who's Tommy.
That will be fine.
This wasn't an expensive message.
The Who's Tommy is good enough for this, I think.
Wonderful.
I still think Rummy tummy tom Thomas.
Well, you have many options that you can choose from at your discretion.
So please enjoy them.
Hello, I'm Judge John Hodgman.
And I'm bailiff Jesse Thorn.
Can you force your girlfriend to listen to heavy metal music?
Is a machine gun a robot?
Is it okay to take coupons out of the garbage if you're Canadian?
What should you do if your parrot attacks your husband?
Can you prove that Crank 2 is a good movie?
Only one man can decide.
Judge John Hodgman.
If you have a case for the judge's court, visit Maximumfun.org
slash JJ Ho.
If you just want to listen in, find us on the web or free in iTunes.
My boyfriend and I look extremely alike with pale skin, blonde hair and blue eyes.
Everyone knew we automatically assumes we're brother and sister.
We've been dating for almost two years.
However, this problem still hasn't gone away.
How do we crush the assumption that we're siblings without having to explain to everyone
beforehand that we're in a relationship?
That's a good one.
When I was in college once, I went to 7-Eleven with a girlfriend at the time.
And we were getting some Slurpees.
And we got the Slurpees, we took them up to the register.
And the guy inexplicably went, are y'all brother and sister?
And we're like, no, we're not.
We're boyfriend and girlfriend.
We're dating.
And he felt so bad that he gave us our Slurpees for free.
So I guess this story-
Why would he just volunteer that judgment?
Right.
I guess this whole story is to say you shouldn't.
You can maybe turn this into free Slurpees.
This could be worse.
You could actually be brother and sister.
Or they could think you're like mom and son.
I have never-
And I don't think there's any exception to this.
I have never gone to a restaurant with my wife.
Because she's a much more attractive human than I am.
I've never gone to a restaurant with my wife.
Categorically and objectively.
Yes.
In every respect.
I have never-
Intellectually.
I've never-
Financially.
Not been asked, are you two together?
Are these separate checks?
Never not been asked.
Is that true?
I have to imagine the assumption that she is in some way my caregiver.
That that is the relationship that we share.
That it could not be a romantic one.
Somewhere the waiters are going,
how long does big brothers, big sisters last?
Yeah.
Because at some point they grow up and you stop hanging out with them, right?
This is a wicked big brother at this point.
Wait, this brother is aged.
Biggest brothers, biggest sisters.
So it could be worse.
I mean, the obvious answer is you just dye your hair, right?
Something fun.
Who does it though?
Get a full face touch.
How do you decide who does it?
You both have to do it.
That's the deal with the devil you're gonna make.
But like dye their hair the same color?
No, one of you go red, one of you go blue.
Someone's getting the short end of that stick.
Yeah.
Well, maybe that would go great with one of their looks.
I don't know.
How about like homemade t-shirts?
Not his brother?
Yeah.
You say that?
Yeah.
Yeah, but then you gotta wear the same shirt every day.
Who is asking you about this?
I can see like if you meet new people,
some of them being like,
so are you two brothers?
You know, like, I don't know.
No, see, like I told that delightful Slurpee anecdote,
but like outside of that, this has literally never happened
to me before.
Nobody ever, because everybody's fucking bad at this.
Everybody knows how bad they are at this.
Nobody would say that.
Nobody would guess.
It's like a faux pas on the level of like,
hey, when's the baby due?
Like you don't fucking say it.
You don't say that shit.
Here's an idea.
When you meet new people,
when you're being introduced to them,
and someone says like,
hey, Steve, come over here and meet my two friends,
immediately start making out.
Just like hardcore.
So that way, either Steve is going to safely assume
that you are not brother and sister,
or Steve is still going to assume that you're brother
and sister and be real freaked out.
Maybe.
Or maybe Steve's down.
Listen, I don't want to judge Steve at this point.
I don't know what Steve's into.
Hey, I don't want to label it.
You know, that's Steve's life.
I haven't lived his life.
I haven't been there.
I don't know what he's seen or done.
I just can't believe in 2014 that this is an issue.
The people are still this presumptuous.
I know.
That's crazy to me.
Yeah, it seems a little nutty to me too.
I mean, I guess you could just introduce her,
or him or her as your partner in smooching.
Do you guys want Yahoo?
I guess.
Okay.
This Yahoo was sent in by Ira Ray.
Are you Ira Ray?
Who wants to know?
Thank you, Ira Ray.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Oh, didgeridooed, who asks.
Pretty good.
Nice.
Why won't they let me play the didgeridoo
as part of the band for our church choir on Sundays?
Wait, hold on.
Is this a dude who identifies himself
purely based on his didgeridoo skills?
Or it is a sentient didgeridoo.
Why won't they let me play myself?
Pastor says, can't play with myself no more.
This is an important question.
I'm sorry, Griffin, one more time.
Why won't they let me play the didgeridoo
as part of the band for our church on Sundays,
our church choir on Sundays?
It would be super dope.
Period.
That's it.
Yeah.
That would be-
To hear like Amazing Grace and every so often just like-
Our God is an awesome God.
Our God is an awesome God.
He reigns from-
It just sounds like the beginning of Survivor every time.
That'd be so dope.
Listen, churches are trying to get like fucking hip
with the kids, especially with their music.
Cause it's like easy to just like,
hey, we have an electric guitar.
We're basically Switchfoot.
I think there's a lot of alternative percussion
going on there.
A lot of gym-
Every church now has a didgeridoo, a rain stick.
A didge, a jimp, a jimb, a jim-bay, a rain stick,
a glockenspiel, and hand bells.
And that's it.
And that's it.
And they make beautiful-
It's a ragtag group.
You would think no way that good music comes out of that.
But then they win the church band competition
and they save the rec center.
Justin, are you-
I'm missing-
I'm mixing a lot of genres.
You're being very quiet.
Are you Googling didgeridoo or-
No, I know what a didgeridoo is.
It's only in front.
I just guess I don't understand the question really.
Is there something inherently sinful about the didgeridoo,
I guess is the question.
It's phallic.
It is extremely phallic and you do put your mouth on it.
And I do not think that that is something that they would
appreciate at the front of the congregation.
But they let Ms. Margaret play her oboe in the church band.
That's the most phallic instrument there is.
It's got foreskin.
I have seen people play didgeridoo in public before.
And every time-
They should be ashamed.
Every time I see it, I have exactly one question.
It's always the same question.
What are you trying to prove?
That they can play didgeridoo well?
Check this out.
You said I can't play didgeridoo,
but I can prove you wrong right now.
Categorically.
We all do very good dig impressions, I think.
If I'm not mistaken, I think that you play a didgeridoo
by putting your mouth on it
and making didgeridoo sounds through it.
Just put your mouth on it and go-
It's just a tube that you make didgeridoo noises into.
I play didgeridoo with this cardboard tube.
Do you remember that book we used to have as kids?
A hundred household items that you could-
Hey kids, turn these household items into digs.
Got that from the library.
It was a fun rainy day activity.
Toilet paper rolls.
Your hands.
Paper towel rolls.
Wrapping paper rolls.
Saran wrap rolls.
Biscuit tins when you take the biscuits out.
Very carefully.
Don't unwrap that because then you can't get a good sound.
You can't dig an unwrapped biscuit roll.
Stupid fucking-
That was the sequel book, dummy.
How to dig an unwrapped biscuit roll.
A hundred cent process.
Croissants.
Croissants.
Can you dig a croissant?
You can- Oh baby, you ain't lived until you digged a croissant.
Gotta be a big and thick one though.
Gotta be a Grant's croissant.
And then you burrow a little hole in there like you're making pigs in a blanket,
but you're not.
You're making a dig in a blanket.
I once lived in a pig in a blanket.
No!
Me and my pig friend Porky.
We live inside a tuck.
Me and my dumb Amelie.
Your Amelie sounds a lot like your Snowden but without a lisp.
Have you noticed that?
He's my brother!
Do people ever think they're brother and sister?
Okay, fantastic.
We are brother and sister, it is true.
He hides inside my heart.
I once used the Amelie DVD as a dig.
Not a deep- not a lot of reverb on that particular dig, but-
Thank you for digging my movie!
You're welcome.
I didn't watch it, I just digged it.
That's actually what digital distribution means.
Did you know that?
Yeah.
Yep.
It means sending a movie through a didgeridoo.
It's a man who describes hit films
while talking to you through a didgeridoo.
And the dream is actually within the dream
and then he wakes up in its fucking section.
It's totally depressing, he's a slave for 12 years.
He can say he's a free man in a door or a door or a thot.
So, for the second time, they have to pretend this dead guy is alive.
It's weak into Bernie's too.
It's important that they ditch the name of the show.
Uh, didgeridoos.
We're done.
We did it.
We got to the end.
And you made it the whole way,
so you have to take some ownership of that.
You listen to the whole thing and that's on you.
It's my brother, my brother, and me,
and we're so happy to be able to do it for you.
Uh, every week.
Next week is huge.
It is, uh, our first of two, uh, Max Fund Drive specials.
We are, uh, ramping up the Max Fund Drive.
There's going to be lots of, uh, uh, awards and presents
that you can get for supporting the network,
plus an opportunity to help make the best podcast network
in the world even better.
And you're going to be able to be there for that.
It's going to be a great show.
We hope you will join us.
We do some extra long eps.
We got that bonus app for anybody who donates.
We also have that catalog of, of bonus episodes.
So if you haven't donated before and you give this year,
and you start your contributions and you'll get all of that,
you'll also get bonus episodes from every other show
on the network.
It's a pretty crazy amount of content.
I think you'll get, I think there are like five,
my brother, my brother, me, two.
I think it's like, I think either three or four.
No, because we had the Max Fund Day episodes.
Oh shit.
So there's five, my brother, my brother, me's.
There's two with our dad.
There's two riff videos that we made,
like goofing on an old, like instructional,
educational video.
And there's actually 15 minutes of our Austin live show.
Oh, that's right.
And I mean, that's just us.
Like every show on the network is going to have stuff
like that too.
Like you should also be listening to those other shows.
If you're not, like Bullseye and Throwing Shade
and Stop Podcasting Yourself and The Goose Down and Saw Bones,
and you'll get bonus shit for all that stuff too.
So just think about if you have listened for a while
and you've never really thought about it,
just give it a ponder, ponder if you can help support us.
Because that is like, we get some scratch from the,
you know, Jumbotrons and the advertisements and stuff,
but like a bulk of the support that we get
is through the Max Fund Drive, which is incredible.
So yeah, think about keeping us afloat.
That'll all be next week.
Thank you to-
And the week after.
It's a two week affair.
Thank you to people tweeting about the show
like Jeremy Baker, Louisa Heron, Tom Chamberlain,
Paul Weathers, Kim G, Drew Davenport, Scott,
Patty, Benny, Mugi, Dr. B, so many others.
We really, really, really appreciate it.
And we wanna say thanks again to LegalZoom
for supporting the show
and for offering that just baller QuickBooks deal.
LegalZoom is not a law firm,
but provides self-help services at your specific direction.
So just go to LegalZoom.com
and enter the discount code MYBROTHER
to get that awesome, awesome QuickBooks deal
and just check out the services they have.
If you're looking to start a new business,
this is the month to do it.
You wanna write a will?
You plan on dying?
Plan on dying.
You gotta hit there first.
Yeah.
Thanks to John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Had a listener tweet at me and you
and you saying that they finally caved and bought the album.
Not sure what took them so long.
It is fucking phenomenal.
So go check that out and buy it where albums are sold.
That's gonna do it for us.
My brother and me, we got one more question
from Ditto Griffin.
Hit us.
Sure.
This one was sent in by Emerald member Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Selena,
who asks, does rolling and licking the blunts give cancer?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis and I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
420.
I'm Cameron Esposito and each week I'm joined by my fellow podcasters,
Rhea Butcher.
That's me.
And Ricky Carmona.
I am Ricky Carmona.
We talk about action and sci-fi movies
on a little show called Wham Bam Pow.
You can find it on maximumfun.org.
It's amazing.
Super fun.
True dat.
Reviews, news, and stuff you can use.
