The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hi everybody, I'm Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy.
And I'm Ray Romano, because we're going to talk about married life,
and I thought that it would be fun if I was Ray Romano for a while.
This is My Brother, My Brother, Me. It's an advice show for the modern era. Travis,
you've been married for almost exactly one week now.
Yeah, a little over a week, actually.
Just a touch over a week.
Hell- Helen?
Is that his wife's name?
Helen, it's me, Ray.
Helen.
It's spelled H-O-W-A-N.
Ray.
Hey, Helen.
Helen.
Ray Romano. I got kicked out of the house. I'm Ray.
This is My Brother, the Terminator. He causes a lot of-
I ate all the peanut butter, Ray.
Can I say my name is actually Griffin McElroy? Because I'm worried about my brand if I go a
week without saying my actual name on the air, then people will forget who I am. People might
think that I am actually Ray Romano, and that would be terrible for my brand.
How's married life treating you? How's it going?
You know, it's nice to eternally share my life with someone.
Well, it's been a fucking week. Why don't you hold back on that eternally shit?
Yeah, get to seven years, man. Then you're a little bit closer to eternity.
You know, in this day and age, not a lot of couples make it that one week stretch.
Mm-hmm. Yeah. What is it, like 50%?
Yeah.
We goof. I think there was a Kardashian who actually didn't even cut it. I don't think they-
It was actually a Kardashian. I believe it was one of the female Kardashians.
It's the Kardashian-don was the dad of the family. They split up too. They were married
for a grip, though. They were married for like 35 years. Did you guys want some goss?
Yeah.
I know you come to me for all your-
Some Ryan Gosling?
No.
Some goss?
No, some hot sip. There's really no good way to abbreviate that word. But yeah,
they're a splitsville. I saw Chris. I don't know if that's the lady or the dude. I saw-
It's the lady. Bruce is the dude.
I saw Chris at the Country's Best Yogurt, and I saw Bruce across the street at a Cold Stone.
And it's like, I know that you guys are in the mood for a flavored treat,
and that's when I knew that things weren't going to last. It's because they wanted an icy-flavored
treat, and they couldn't get it together on whether they wanted the Country's Best Yogurt
or Cold Stone Creamy. I get it, because Cold Stone Creamy, you have a lot more options,
but come on. It's called the Country's Best Yogurt.
Real quick, Griffin, are you saying Cold Stone Creamy?
Cold Stone Creamers.
Listen, if you want a taste treat, you go to Cold Stone Steve Austin. Everyone knows that.
Cold Stone Creamy was my favorite blaxploitation character.
He's so bad.
I'm just-
Cold Stone Creamy.
If we can't count on Chris and Kardashadon to fucking keep it-
Kardashadon's my favorite Pokemon. Are we gonna make it through a sentence without
talking about how good the new Pokemon game is?
I can't remember anything to add to that conversation. I saw a lot of
kids in line in cosplay as Kardashians.
No, they're-
That would be a baller move to roll it to Comic-Con dresses, your favorite Kardashian.
It was actually an amazing confluence, because we're having Super Se-Con,
which is the anime convention for Huntington, on the same weekend as the Pokemon launch.
Oh my god, I don't think I know that. I didn't think I knew that. Is it-
Huntington has an anime convention? Is it in the same building that they have the
hunting and fishing convention?
Yeah, the same one, of course.
Is it on the same day? Because that could be just a movie right there.
Awkward, no. We had the anime convention and the Pokemon launch in one night,
and you should have seen the downtown GameStop. It was like that rave scene from the Matrix,
except if everybody smelled like cabbage and had a sword.
There was a lot of swords.
And also, nobody probably went home and fucked after that. Or maybe everyone did.
Or maybe everyone did.
Maybe everyone did.
I think that if you're a dude in that situation, you're hanging out at the Huntington GameStop
downtown during the anime convention. You look around and go,
if not here, then when?
If not now, then why?
I want to get into the invite.
If not who, then the Incredible Hulk. That's right. I see you, Hulk hands. Come on.
Them shits opposable? Let's do this shit.
Wrap them meaty paws around my meat.
I'm gonna tear you out the rest of them clothes.
I can think of good things to eat for breakfast and dinner,
but when it comes to lunch, I always get stuck on sandwiches.
I'm too poor for those frozen meals that you just microwave.
Any good ideas for lunch? That's from bored of bread and meat.
So you want something better than a sandwich that's cheaper than a banquet meal?
Can't be done.
Trash?
Yeah, I guess just garbage.
Well, hold on, Travis. I don't think that meets the first criteria.
Oh, trash sandwich?
No? Well, that's still a sandwich.
Man, you know what? I think that...
Let me tell you about middle school Griffin.
Can I tell you both about middle school Griffin?
Please do.
Take me to the time tunnel.
Let's hop in the time vortex.
Whoa, I'm drowning.
And middle school Griffin, when he started packing his lunch,
when mommy and daddy taught him how, he was psyched about the idea.
And he would wake up 45 minutes earlier than usual to bake his own artisanal sourdough
and cut off a little crostini that he would bake and season
and then sprinkle into his chef salad that he would take with him,
perfectly preserved in the freezer he had embedded into his locker.
About three weeks after that, my lunch routine was a can of Kmart brand Mountain Dew.
And sometimes a bag of chips and our mom would buy those sandwich bags that didn't zip.
So that was always fun to keep chips in.
I know the one near Taiwan where you had to do some sort of origami fold
to get your chips to stay put and then just hope.
It was more of a suggestion of a container.
Like, hey, chips, why don't you stay?
No, chips, why don't you stay right?
I wish we had been more vocal in our younger years
because we really should have demanded better.
I appreciate the need to cut corners, but that's a corner too far.
Except they didn't cut the corners off our sandwiches.
And also the third element, the third heat that I brought,
because you know how they say every meal has to have three parts of the pyramid in it,
was a little Debbie.
And it was typically that it had the crispy rice and it was puff shaped
and it had some caramel up in it.
Star Crunch.
Star Crunch.
So Star Crunch, a bag of chips and a Kmart brand Mountain Dew.
And some days I would just like not even, I would just open that bag
and I would get so depressed about my 12 year old lot in life
that I would just say, fuck it.
But I guess my point-
So you just skip the entree.
My point is just skip the meal.
I don't think human beings are meant for lunch.
I think just light snacking throughout the day is what you're supposed to do.
I'm into that, Griffin.
I think that if you, man, we don't need as much as we eat.
Now I don't always keep to this rule, but I've been trying to.
And I've been doing this thing where I fast two days a week.
So I eat like 600 calories.
Talk about this.
Talk about this on the show.
Cause it sounds like fucking Nate Silver Witchcraft.
It doesn't sound like-
No, it's called the 5-2 diet.
Basically what you're doing is your game.
It's you eat normally most of the time.
And then two days a week, you have 600 calories.
If you're a dude, 500 calories.
If you're a lady.
For the whole motherfucking day.
Yeah.
That's like one glass of water.
Yeah, basically one glass of water.
Now here's the thing.
What it is basically what you got is body confusion.
Your body never knows when its next meal is coming.
So it's just constantly burning fat out of it.
I've heard of muscle confusion.
But you're talking about getting deep into the entire fucking ecosystem of your guts.
Now, Justin, have you ever woken up and found that your body was so confused that in your
sleep it was scrolling notes to you that just said like, need food.
I'm so hungry, please.
I've carved the word ham into my own forearm using my teeth.
No, but what I have learned is that, man, if you don't eat, that next meal tastes really good.
There's no, I believe it was Rene Dickhart that said there's no greater sauce than hunger.
Yeah.
His veil of ham ignorance, I think, is the philosophical principle that was built upon.
If you skip lunch, what you're saying is I'm ready for a lifetime of delicious dinner.
So I've actually been thinking about this a lot when Rachel and I start churning out
lowlands, I'm not going to introduce them to ham.
Their entire life, I'm not going to introduce them to ham.
And then on my deathbed, on my deathbed, I will pull out a fucking cam's ham, honey,
roasted, not that pineapple shit.
I'm talking bare necessities.
I'm going to pull that.
I'm going to pull it out from under the bedcloth and say, I've seen this your whole life.
Do you imagine there will be a lot of problems with this plan?
Like when your kid's like, we're going to go spend Easter over a friend Sammy's house.
No, you can't.
You can't.
I've got this bitch I've been curing since I was 27 years old.
Look at the striations on this motherfucker.
This shit's going to fall apart in your mouth.
Thank you for this gift, daddy.
But forever, I don't understand pretty much anything you're saying right now.
But I do know that you're going to create an inextricable link between the flavor of
ham and the death of their dad.
So forever, every time the sweet taste of ham comes to their lips, they'll be like,
oh, this is pretty good.
This tastes like my dad dying.
What if they're like, you know, one of those people that just doesn't like the taste of ham
and you die and they take the bite and like, oh, this is like shit.
No, they're going to feel, they're going to feel guilted into liking the taste of ham.
If I've made it my life's goal to force feed them ham on my deathbed.
Yeah, I think they're going to like it.
And by the way, Justin, I'm going to live a full and happy life.
And when they eat ham, they're going to remember me finally with a smile.
They won't regret his death.
They will celebrate his life and also ham.
This tastes like the good times.
What's on this sandwich?
This tastes like the time that dad took me to the lake.
We went fishing.
I remember him for what he was, not for what he wasn't.
I don't like ham.
Hey, I don't know how we got on ham.
I don't like ham.
I'm not into ham.
Well, that's because they got ham council.
Sorry, big ham.
Sorry.
Sorry, John Ham.
Don't mean to let you down.
Corporate ham.
I am sick of your propaganda bullshit.
I hate to keep putting our parents on blast, but I feel like most of the hands we ate as
kids had like pineapple on them.
And that's the, that's arguably sorry Hawaii, but that's the worst possible way to eat ham.
I disagree Griffin.
Cause I remember very distinctly getting many cams ham.
Thanks to dad's Christmas giveaway.
Mm hmm. Yeah.
Some people will take home a $5,000 bonus.
Take home this giant rump.
Cause it was all based on what popcorn tin you picked.
Mm hmm.
That was crazy.
The stupidest.
Anyway, I got a big screen TV that way.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I got a ham like six years running.
So the girl I like is into rap.
I don't like rap very much, but, and I'm not very into current music, but I told her I love rap.
What do I do?
Thanks if you answered this question.
I absolutely love your show show.
So rental floss sent me to you Gmail.
You're going to have to fake your own death.
Yeah.
I mean, that's a lot easier than hopefully.
Oh my God.
Fake your own death, but make it the result of a, a rap feud.
Maybe try to set up a situation.
Did you hear about Jimmy?
No.
What?
He got shot by Macklemore.
Macklemore brought Jimmy down.
Ian Macklemore had a lot worse rap tycoon that you could be brought down by
in, in today's today's age.
Will Smith shot by Will.
I am Will Smith shot me to death.
I didn't think he had it in him.
I said, I said after earth was just okay.
And he shot me to death.
I got killed by Ja Rule.
To be fair, you guys, if you're delivering the news in person, you're really bad at
faking your own death.
Yeah.
I got shot by Will Smith.
I'm dead now.
You got to put white face powder and a sheet and some spooky.
Oh, sorry guys.
Sorry.
My bad.
Avenge me.
Why did you get yourself into this old dickament in the first place?
Hey everybody, learn from this dude's mistake and then we'll fail to help him.
But first learn from his mistake.
And if the girl says, or a dude says, or anyone says, hey, yeah, I'm really into rap.
Go, oh, you know, I, I'm not a huge fan.
I prefer such and such.
No, you got to drill down into, okay.
That ship has sailed.
Yeah.
What you need to do is you need to drill down it into a specific area of rap music.
I would go classic.
Yeah, that's good.
It's digestible.
Also, it's way, way better than anything except for Kanye West, my beautiful dark
twisted fantasy, which is damn, that's a good one.
What's that Frank Ocean one from, from last year?
Damn, that's a good one too.
I think also check out tech nine, Kansas city's premier rapper.
Well, that was like a decade ago.
I don't think he's their premier rapper anymore.
There's actually some dope shit actually going on right now in the rap scene.
Del, Deltron has dropped his new fucking doom tree.
Okay.
Fucking Macklemore.
So here's the thing.
This is cause I like, I like the rap music.
No, you don't.
I mean, you do, you do in the same level that we all do, but I wouldn't say that you're
an aficionado.
Oh God, no, not at all.
I would not argue that at all, but I'm, I'm a fan.
I enjoy it.
My statement is I feel like it's probably the same as like,
if you try to talk to someone who's like super into indie music and you're like, yeah,
I listened to the December's like they're going to laugh in your face.
It's like Justin, that's the Justin McElroy dilemma or Justin, when he makes fun of hipsters,
he talks about arcade fire and it's like, they want to fucking, they want a Grammy.
Like that's that ain't deep.
So I feel like you couldn't say like, yeah, I'm really into rap music.
I love Jay Z and Kanye West.
I'd love to win that old lady rapped on America's Got Talent.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah. Right.
Who should, who should this person get into though?
I feel like he's got to drill down.
And I say it's the same thing with, with hipsters.
You make up a name.
Oh, yeah.
And then say like, well, it's just this little, it's this little known dude.
He operates out of San Francisco.
You probably haven't heard of him.
You know, Stone Cold Creamy, right?
Yeah.
Oh, if you liked two chains, you'll love three chains.
You can pretend that your parents only bought you off-brand rap CDs growing up.
They only bought generic.
I prefer Run DMD.
Have you heard Run D&D?
Have you heard it's this Will Smith's seminal album, Big Billy style?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
You guys into, you guys into Naughty by Nurture?
You know, there's actually a big debate in the psychology community about
Naughty by Nurture versus Naughty by Nature.
Do you guys, do you guys like KVP?
It was, it was, it was TLC's side project.
You got to go classic.
Learn like five of the most seminal rap albums.
But that's the thing.
He fucked himself.
He said, oh yeah, I like rap.
That doesn't mean I, I can do the entirety of, you know, some LL Cool J song.
It means.
But the, but the options are, he has three options.
One, he backpedals and tells the truth.
Well, that's out.
Number two, he learns all, he becomes familiar with all of rap music.
That's out.
He, the only option really is that he, he refined his prior statement.
That, oh, I like rap, but I should have clarified.
I only like rap made before 1989.
Okay.
So you learn, you learn all of Rapper's Delight and you say, I love Sugar Hill Gang.
And then you're in the car with her two years down the road.
You're fucking married and Apache comes on.
She's like, here it comes.
And you're like, hey, Steve, do the thing.
Hey, hey.
She's like, do the trademark dance.
And you start like doing the fucking Super Bowl shuffle.
And she's like, that's not right.
Who did I marry?
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Yeah, please.
This Yahoo was sent in by Paul.
Thanks, Paul.
It's by Yahoo answers user question mark, a ghost user who asks why does my dad think
I need a bedtime?
So I'm 13 and my dad still makes me go to bed at 10 30 on the weekends.
If you think this is unnormal, that, that I guess everyone is because all my friends
don't have a bedtime.
And Dawn say, oh, your dad is right.
You're only 13 because you know, that's bullshit.
I'm sorry.
Is it dogs say and Dawn say, oh, your dad is right.
You're only 13 because you know, that's some bullshit.
Don't feed question mark a fucking line.
Oh, don't say, don't say, don't speak.
Yeah.
For some reason, I thought he was calling people dogs, but that said, well, you know,
why?
Hey, you don't, that's bullshit.
When did you cast off the shackles of your bedtime?
Because I really think I had one through high school.
I really, I think I remember mom and dad realizing that I was staying up so I could
watch a vault Disney.
So I could watch black and white Zorro and they went, we've lost that one.
Yeah.
Just let him stay up.
Yeah.
It's not like if he doesn't come home till 11 one night, he's getting some pussy
somewhere.
Yeah, he's, he just wants to watch fault Disney.
He wants to watch the making of tomorrow land documentary.
Just let him go.
The making of the making of tomorrow land.
That's what you were, it was about the building of it, but it was narrated by Walt Disney
and it was fascinating.
I would crush that.
I would watch that so hard.
The, uh, I, do you know how I'm 32 years old?
Do you know how much I would love it if I had an adult, my life that would tell me to
go to sleep?
That's the whole reason I got married.
So that Teresa will look over me and go, Hey, it's bedtime.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you so much.
Oh, what a relief.
I think I was just keeping my eyes open till you said something.
I think we all have an adult inside of us that, uh, Oh no, I think we all have an adult
inside of me that at 10 30 he goes, Hey, both lights out.
Um, and I think it's just, I think it's, I guess maybe my heart out of my heart at around
10 30 is like a chug, a lug, chug lug.
It's time to go to bed.
Mr.
Man, no vault Disney for you tonight.
You can Tivo that episode of Zorro you've been meaning to catch.
I actually have two internal parents.
I have one that comes by at 11 and says, Hey, it's time for bed.
But if I pitch a fit and I stay up later, I have a much more stern parent that shows
up at two on the weekends.
It says, Hey, Hey, Mr.
Man, Mr.
Mr.
Thinks he's such a hot shot because he's 32 years old.
You will get in the bed right this second.
Don't try.
I've got, I've got two parents as well.
One that says, go to bed at 10 30 and one that the next morning when I decide to stay
out till two, the next morning just sits there with his arms crossed going, so we thought
we'd stay up till two, did we?
And here it is.
Seven 30 awake as always.
See my second, how do we feel?
My second parent, if I make it to like 11 15 PM and my, my brain isn't completely in a
state of total shutdown, then my parent at seven AM beats the shit out of me with an
extension cord.
Travis was pretty no.
I think Travis was more than I ever remember when Travis was like in high school, that
fool would sleep late.
Yeah, you would sleep like 11 or 12 or one or two.
You would just keep on going with it in college.
I used to schedule my classes to only be like afternoon classes, and then I just sleep to
like two o'clock in the afternoon.
And like that, the very concept of that baffles me.
Now every day, every goddamn day.
Now I am up at seven 30 AM.
Yeah, I would, I would go to two to like two was my usual bedtime in college.
That's insane.
That's like a different human that was in my body.
I look at that now and go, what were you doing?
Why do we have so many people just coming in and out of us through our revolving doors?
That's what life is like.
Life is like you're, it's like being James Bond.
You have different actors playing you throughout your history.
The seven stages of man, Griffin.
In the morning, he has four legs.
Wait, how long?
Yeah, and then then he's got three because one of them's waving.
My wife and I both love dressing up for Halloween, but we have one problem this year.
None of our friends are throwing a party and our apartment is too small to host one.
We have no kids to dress up with or take trick or treating.
How can we celebrate without being two costume loners in our living room?
Mainlining Downton Abbey.
That's from Not So Scary in Salt Lake City.
You don't need kids to go trick or treating.
You don't need trick or treating to have fun.
You need, you specifically need to just chill and watch Downton Abbey.
You've been given a pass.
Here's what I'm, here's what I'm going to hit you with.
The Halloween block party in Salt Lake City.
Okay, 6 p.m. to 1 30 a.m.
Got a costume contest.
I'm reading their Facebook page right now.
Got a costume contest.
Got a DJ.
I, okay, I have just noticed that it was in 2009, but wait.
Hold on, hold the phone.
Wait, hold the phone.
Wait, it's still going.
It's still going.
It's amazing.
The Dowager Countess is going to be there.
There's that really cuddly looking Labrador.
There's a, oh no, wait, that's the, that's Downton Abbey.
You should do that thing.
Cause it sounds way better.
Jonathan Rees-Davies is going to be there.
And also that kid who played short round and, oh no, sorry.
That's the Comic Con.
Oh my God.
October 26th, 7 30 p.m.
Head on down to the Maverick Center and you're going to catch the
Macklemore and Ryan Lewis Halloween 2013.
Yes.
There's your event.
Go dressed up as Macklemore.
Did you know that during Macklemore and Ryan Lewis's Halloween shows,
they change all their lyrics to be spookier?
This is true.
That this is the moment.
They actually, at the end, they say, and vampires can't hold us.
This is the night.
It's super spooky.
When I was nine, I thought that I was a skeleton.
Can we have money?
Yeah, I can get you some money.
I had a terrible thing happen to me this week where I recorded
Saturday Night Live.
But because of a sporting event, it didn't start till a half hour later.
My DVR didn't know that.
So I got half hour of sport and then only the first hour of SNL.
And they put the really bizarre stuff at the end always,
or the stuff that they know isn't going to work, but they have to fill time.
Sometimes it does.
I love that stuff.
So I guess I didn't panic, though.
You know why?
Because I got Hulu Plus.
With Hulu Plus, you can stream everything in HD for a great viewing experience.
TV on the go, on your smartphone or tablet.
And you can watch shows when you miss them, which I do.
That's the whole reason I have a subscription.
So I can, A, mainline a bunch of shows.
Like I've been mainlining America's Not Top Model.
Oh, Jesus, 2.0.
It is still popping off.
I can't.
Every week, the guy I think is going to go home doesn't go home.
He's clutching it.
He's clutching it.
He's not letting go.
You can check out exclusive content, including Hulu Originals,
like The Awesomes, starring SNL's Seth Meyers,
and Moon Boy, starring Chris O'Dowd for Bridesmaids.
I got movies if you want that.
And it's only eight bucks a month.
Stream as much as you want.
That's the thing is like, I've got a fucking busy schedule,
but for eight bucks a month, that's worth like a solid weekend
to veg out of just like nothing but Hulu Plus.
Eight dollars, that's like half a movie ticket.
Great news is we got a special deal for you.
HuluPlus.com forward slash my brother.
Get on over there, and you're going to get an extended free trial.
How can you beat that?
You can't.
The answer?
You can't.
I can tell you how to beat-
So stop trying.
I can tell you how to beat this, though, and I'm pointing my dick.
Well, Griffin, you're going to beat your dick,
but you can't do that.
You don't have anything in your home to beat your dick with.
I have hundreds of things, but continue.
I have so, so many.
I could, there's, I have like four avocados in the kitchen.
What the fuck are you talking about?
If you're going to beat your dick-
Did you hear about Griffin's cockamole?
It's delicious.
I'm dead.
If you're going to beat your dick, turn to the professionals at ExtremeRestraints.com.
They have everything you need to fuck so good.
If you want a flicker whip,
you want to put pictures of your whip up for everybody to look at,
put them on Flickr.
But if you want a flicker whip,
that's a braided whip that will make them stand at attention.
27.5 inches braided nylon tassel at the tip,
handle covered in rubber,
and you're going to feel a powerful sting with the impact of this whip.
Do they have Tumblr lube?
No.
No, they do have, they do have Clitter Twitter, which is not-
Interesting.
Do they have LiveJournal, but, but, hold on.
Do they have LiveJournal sex?
Seven inches long, put it in your urethra.
It will shock you.
This is not a torture, this is sexual pleasure.
And it's the electrical urethral sound for just $59.99.
I have a pretty deep urethra.
I have a urethra that goes, like, really far in there.
So seven inches sounds just about right.
If any of this sounds good to you, and I'm sure it does,
go to ExtremeShanks.com, use the coupon code Sexabunga,
and you're going to save 20%.
I mean, here's the beauty.
Even if none of that sounds good to you,
they have such a selection.
You're going to find something.
God, they're just the best.
I've missed them so much.
I got a message for Pete.
It's from Colin and Nate.
And Colin and Nate say,
happy birthday from your two brothers on your favorite show
about brothers.
Thanks for introducing us to all the Maximum Fun podcast
and getting us addicted to that sweet,
sweet drug of chuckles.
We hope you have a great birthday,
but no matter what the McElroys tell you,
don't kiss your dad's square on the lips.
That would be weird.
Travis kissed our dad's square on the lips.
Daddy kissed me on the lips during our wedding.
During my wedding.
We say that every week, but that's not something we do.
And then dad was like, what's up?
He did it.
I tried to stop.
Special moment.
Travis tried to turn away.
It looks like he got half mouth.
I swear to God, he just got mustache.
I was, I mean, I was riding shotgun on that love train.
He grazed mustache.
There was no lip to lip contact.
You literally were pushing him off of you.
Yeah.
Travis, who's the other message for?
The other message is for Steven Ellison.
Do you want me to keep going?
Yeah.
Okay, it's from Ash.
It was at the beginning of a fucking great conversation
between the two of us.
I felt this was an interview.
Just two brothers rapping about who the messages are from.
The message is from Ash Stokes.
And Ash says, Steven celebrates his 23rd name day on October 8th.
You're no friend of mine, but congratulations
on becoming a man grown all the same.
Now, if only you weren't dumber than 10 butts.
Come on now.
Don't use our show for negativity.
It's nice we can bring the friends together.
Yeah.
I mean, I've noticed a trend.
I think it's just sort of the nature.
It's sort of the fact that every thing in the world
is getting coated in mood slime.
But I think that our messages have gotten pretty nasty lately.
I'd like to see some positivity.
Next week, I would like, well, no, not next week
because I'll be in Scotland.
But I would like to see some various messages
that were just like, hey, it's not your birthday.
It's not an anniversary.
I just want to say I love you.
Do you remember that one that was like,
happy birthday, Steve.
Also, fuck you, you fucking asshole.
Like, can we not give Steve a break?
On this day of all days, on Steve day?
To be fair, you did miss Steve day
by like five or six days.
Yeah.
So now who's the fucking asshole?
See, this is getting heated now.
Now we're getting the mood slime on us by contact.
I'm already fucking, I'm the choke off of mood slime already.
I'm fucking coated in that shit.
Everything's so shitty, guys.
I actually like the mood slime.
It cleans my pores.
Do we have farm wisdom?
We don't even have farm wisdom.
Fuck.
Well, that's because farm wisdom is a government program.
I can't fucking believe.
Farm subsidy wisdom.
Farm subsidy wisdom.
I hate to hold the baby over the cliff.
I hate to put the tiger on the table and yell at it.
But if the government shutdown isn't fixed by next week,
we're going to cancel the show.
That's what it's going to take.
We got to.
And you know what?
Even if they do fix it, I'm canceling the show anyway.
Just to show them what they've done.
Write your senators and congressmen right now and say,
I want to see a letter.
I want someone to send me a letter that they get from their senator or congressman
that references the fact that they're sorry
that they didn't get their my brother and my brother and me.
Tell them we're a government program and we got shut down.
Can we organize a million mom march?
How hard is that?
How hard is one of those to throw together?
How many moms do we know?
I know like eight.
How many you guys know?
I could probably put in like six.
Okay.
Nobody 14.
Nobody has babies.
I know a lot of homebrewers.
How about puppy moms?
If you're a mom, send a letter to your congressman.
I think that our cause is the kind of cause that we could really get all those moms fired up about.
Because we all have cause of we have.
What's our cause again?
Do we have a cause?
I'm just angry.
The government shutdown is not funny anymore.
And it's the only intro we have.
It's the only thing that's going on.
It's the only thing anyone's talking about.
We're definitely going over that fucking fiscal cliff too.
Don't even worry about it anymore, guys.
It's four days away.
Don't even worry about it.
Just like get excited about it.
Just like it's like you're on the King's Island ride and you're going up the hill.
And like just know that it's going to go down the hill and it's going to be like a fun apocalypse thing.
Just stay behind Warren Buffett and you'll be safe.
Yeah.
Go buy some seeds.
My name is Graham Clark.
My name is Dave Shumka.
I'm the other guy who hosts Stop Podcasting Yourself.
And I'm the other guy that hosts Stop Podcasting Yourself.
We are from Canada, so we don't know many of your ways.
But what we do know is quality podcasting.
And whale blubber.
Yeah.
There's 50 different words for podcast in our language.
We would say all 50 of them.
But why don't you just listen to our show and you'll get the gist of what we're about.
We bring a guest on, we talk about their lives, we talk about our lives,
we talk about our lives, we talk about things they've overheard.
It's a great time.
And you know what?
You're not going to regret it.
Stop Podcasting Yourself.
Available from Maximumfun.org or on iTunes.
Brr.
That's what we say in Canada when we're cold.
At the start of the year, I went on a handful of dates with a girl.
We only went on two and then we stopped, which I wasn't hugely upset by.
We're still friends and we see each other occasionally.
She's now dating my best friend who I live with.
They're at our house all the time.
They both seem to think it's a lot more awkward than it actually is.
When I'm around, they both hide away or sit at opposite sides of the room.
They stop talking to each other and they both look really embarrassed.
I don't really care if they're dating, but it seems the two of them think that I care.
I've told them I don't really care, but apparently they seem to think I'm lying or something.
I can't exactly pack my bags and move away.
So what should I do?
That's from Big Tom Awkward Embarrassment.
Way to tie our fucking arms.
Wow.
I had that one cocked and ready and loaded from like sentence two.
You do need to move out though.
Yeah, you got to get out of there.
Yeah.
You don't have to move away.
You do have to move over there though.
Over in that direction.
Maybe two blocks down.
Maybe, kind of like a more natural solution.
Something that I think might make them more comfortable.
Winter back.
Sorry, go ahead.
What?
Winter back.
Sorry, winter back.
No, when you're in the room with them, maybe instead of just telling them that you're okay
with it, maybe start encouraging them, maybe even directing them in some displays of increasingly
intimate affection.
Okay.
So you're sitting there on the couch.
They're sitting there on the sofa.
Start slow.
Start slow.
Just, hey, Daryl, put your hand on her hand, Daryl.
Isn't her hand soft, Daryl?
Stephanie, explore his body.
That's good.
That's good.
That's very good.
Nuzzle her.
Now do that one thing we did together that one time.
You remember that thing I did to you so right?
Do that to her, Daryl.
Oh, what's that?
You don't remember?
I took you to Shoney's.
Take her to Shoney's, Daryl.
Take her to Shoney's, Daryl.
You said it was the most erotic thing anyone had ever done for you.
They got you all those free suckers.
I want you to be like Arnold Schwarzenegger in True Lies directing Jamie Lee Curtis as
she strips.
I want that level of uncomfortable.
Only it's a duo team.
Yeah.
This is going to be super erotic.
I want to see you two get to the concession stand, which is not really first, second,
third, or fourth base.
It's a little bit before, but really, I mean, all of this is foreplay.
Buy her a lick of mate, Daryl.
Buy her a lick of mate.
Daryl, you know those gumballs that look like tiny baseballs?
She loves those.
She loves those.
And then start crying.
And then start crying so hard.
I miss you.
I miss you, Steph.
Remember, I used to buy you ice cream helmets.
I miss you so damn much.
I miss you so damn much, Stephanie.
Do you guys think it's acceptable for adults to eat lick of maids?
This isn't a question.
I know I said it like a question that we have.
I'm asking you right now.
I love lick of maids.
But I cannot think.
I'm just thinking it would look like, I don't know.
I feel like it would look like an ogre eating a child's playset or something.
I feel like I can't eat lick of maids.
I feel like if another adult saw you doing it, they'd think, oh, that's horrendous.
That man has stolen some child's candy.
I feel like I'd look like a fraggle eating a building the doozers built.
Like, just a very sort of.
I think the better simile is you would look like an ogre eating a lick of maids.
Because you're dipping.
That's the kind of shit that's OK to eat when you're a kid.
It's like, oh, you'd need a vehicle for this straight sugar powder?
How about a sugar stick?
I would be less upset seeing you just mainlining coke.
Yeah, or no, probably not that.
You got to be careful, though, because there's a lot of very cheap but fake lick of maids
circulating.
It's that lick of maid crocodile you think you're going to get a flavor treat.
Hey, everyone, can you stop posting pictures of crocodile on social media?
I think I'm overseeing those.
I don't think I need to see any more.
I'm not going to be afraid anymore.
I don't think the fear of crocodile has any actual purpose in my life.
It's not like I was on the street like I need some thrifty heroin on the cheap cheap.
Can I throw something out to our question, Oscar?
Yeah.
What about this?
It sounds to me like they kind of want you to be a little bit upset about it.
Why would they want that?
No, no, no, because it seems like they're unwilling to accept that you're not.
So maybe you could just play into it for a little while.
Because I think here's the thing.
I think that maybe they have convinced themselves that they feel guilty about it.
And they feel like they need to like they feel like they need to feel guilty about it.
To get wet.
Well, no.
You don't have to do anything to appreciate yourself with these two to help them get it.
To help them get get get they craft noodles go.
And I don't think you need to worry so much about that.
Because that's definitely what this is.
This this sex triangle you've just described.
I was saying you could just pretend like it upset you for a little while and then forgive them.
And then they would believe you.
It had nothing to do with intercourse.
Well, it's all means to end it, isn't it?
Well, I mean, that's true.
How is there intercourse?
Have you asked them?
Probably not.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Probably it hasn't come up.
I have a Yahoo that was sent in by Drew Davenport.
Thanks, Drew.
It's by Yahoo answers user Timmy who asks.
Am I really in a gang?
So I was playing some b-ball.
That's short for basketball with friends.
Here's our ages.
Me 12.
Friends 12 12 13 14 9.
Wait, go back.
I just start over.
I didn't have my pad and pen.
Okay.
Okay, go ahead.
We're doing with three 12 13 14 and a nine.
One of them is wearing red shoes.
Now one of them.
One of them can't the 13 has a bag of corn.
The other has some chickens.
We only have one boat.
They're playing some b-ball.
So they said, I'm sorry.
And b-ball is short for what now?
B-ball is short for basketball.
And so they were playing it.
They were their teens and tweens.
And they say they are in an ICP Juggalo gang.
They supposedly jump me in.
Am I really in or what?
What I think you may have just gotten beat up.
Did he?
Did he feel the shiver?
What's the shiver?
You know, when when ICP comes over, yeah.
Are you saying that moment when you finally decide to start following the clown to get
down with the clown and when you accept the clown into your heart, commuting with nature
and then like it's a beautiful sunshine day and then the rain starts falling and it's
cool and refreshing and you just you see the face.
Yeah, that's a fucking miracle.
It is a fucking miracle in the sky.
And then your friends beat the ever loving fuck out of you.
I mean, that's every second you see Violet J.
But it turns out it's just your school's janitor crying.
I mean, you're in the gang.
We've all been there.
I don't think there's any doubt that you're in a gang now.
I think we can actually speak louder than words.
I mean, have you been participating in the gang?
Well, I mean, I think this happened.
I think they're like literally writing this hurriedly on their phone after they just got
the shit after they just got jumped in.
I think not like after a couple of meetings and no, I think that would I think they would
fucking present that information if like he had to go out and buy all clown clothes like
I think they've made me take the minutes.
Is that something that the gang members do?
Yeah, it just that's going to look great on a college resume, by the way, and under extracurriculars.
We've done a lot of civic work.
We've been cleaning up the neighborhood.
We adopted a highway.
Young Lurch, can you review the minutes, please?
Yeah, basically, Stinky Stan just talked about how his mom is a total bitch, and then we all
pounded some faggot and went home and thanks.
Thank you.
Thank you, Little Lurch.
I think you're in the gang is what I'm saying.
There's no doubt about it, you're in a gang, you're in a gang, you're a gang member, you're
a gang banger, I think is the the the collective term.
The question is, is your gang a gang or not?
You're in a gang.
Oh, but is the gang is the gang true?
Is it a true gang?
Now, if you're listening, does it follow the true path?
If you listen to the feds, oh, they'll bust you for anything.
They'll bust it.
Well, they think that they think anybody who's down for clown is part of a gang.
Yeah, that's what they think.
Part of a gang, that's what the FBI says, at least.
Now, now, Violent J said that he was going to and Shaggy 2 Dope said they were going
to take the feds to court over this.
That hasn't materialized yet.
But, you know, they've had a lot of empty promises in the past.
So you're telling me that Juggalo Nation is like a fucking registered like FBI.
Like if they see someone with a hatchet man tattoo, they are public enemy number one.
Correct.
They were classified as a a violent street gang by the FBI.
That's what the FBI said, that anybody down clown.
To be fair, that's also true of anyone that likes Dave Matthews Band.
Okay, that's fair.
That guy blew the clarinetist for Dave Matthews Band.
Get him.
Gotta take him down.
Where'd you get those Birkenstocks?
Just let Juggalo, just let Juggalos be Juggalos.
I mean, it's literally I think it's all that Juggalo fans have.
It's like and I'm not hating you think we have.
I think maybe even asked this question before if we have Juggalo listeners,
because I don't think it's outside of the realm of possibilities.
I think that our special brand of comedy.
Yes, air quotes would greatly appeal to fans of the Juggalo Nation.
If you if you can get on board with two men in clown makeup,
I think that us talking about ghost horses, etc. It would be right if you're out.
And you also have to think that at this at this point, at this point in society,
Juggalos have heard it all.
There's nothing we're going to say that they're not going to go.
Listen, we see why you would feel that way.
But let me give you a little bit of literature.
I think will open your eyes.
Juggalos think our show is a documentary is what I'm saying.
They have seen all of this happen on on drug bridge.
This is all this is all occurred before they've seen it in prophecy.
Everything that we've spoken of did.
Do you guys know if the if they reveal the third card of the second deck yet in the dark carnival?
You know, anybody heard?
Are you talking about like the Stephen King books?
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about right now.
All right. You guys.
OK, so the the the Juggalo everybody, if you haven't listened, read Nathan Rabin's book.
You don't know me, but you don't like me.
It's a it's a book that simultaneously chronicles fish fandom and Juggalo fandom.
Are fish fans considered dangerous by the FBI?
They're considered a highly dangerously mellow dangerously.
They are murderers because they're like, hey, listen, this one song.
And then you're like afterwards, you're like, oh, yeah, that was great.
Oh, my God, I'm 86 years old.
And then you die.
They're like the angels.
I was a young man and now I'm an old man.
You looked away.
You looked away from the groove.
There are the group don't blink.
Also, don't listen.
It's not good.
It's not.
I bet he's going to do the next.
Nope.
Oh, fuck.
Sixty years went by.
Shit.
I supposed to pick my kids up from soccer practice.
They're definitely skeletons.
I hope someone raised and fed my my children and picked them up from soccer practice.
I hope they weren't wolves.
I like fish.
Shut the fuck up.
You shut up.
OK, so I'm going to give you the brief summation of this because I know we don't have much time.
The dark carnival is the afterlife, right?
That's what that's what ICP says.
They have that sounds terrible.
That's like the opposite of what most churches espouse.
OK, yes, correct.
There are there is they have basically instead of a Bible, what they have is the the Joker's deck, right?
So the Joker's cards are in two decks and each album is a Joker's card in the deck.
So the first deck was like the first six albums.
I think the last one was death.
And then they came back and they were like, wait a minute, we didn't allow for enough prophecy.
We were honestly underestimating how much prophecy we'd have.
We've got a second deck of Joker's cards and we've only seen two of those so far.
Bang, Wham, Boom and the Mighty Death Pop are the two the first two cards in the second deck.
So we're eagerly awaiting what the third card.
Are we at Justin?
Hey, Justin.
Yeah.
Are you proud of yourself?
I feel pretty good about it right now.
Juggalo Church camp right now.
Like it's just about to bust out an acoustic guitar and just play three chords.
OK, so yes, ladies and gentlemen, here's the juggler.
He'll cut your windpipe.
This first beat on my bracelet represents.
Thank you, ICP Jesus.
Anybody feeling moved, come down.
Everybody touch Mike.
Everybody touch and cry over Mike.
He'll cut your motherfucking heart out.
Beautiful night outside.
Anybody feeling moved?
Who wants to stand up and rededicate their life?
You're all going to go home tomorrow.
You're not going to see that girl you're crushing on again.
You can see this feature at the world famous Carnival of Carnage.
Anyone?
Anyone?
This is my one fucking show a year.
Keep keep juggling, motherfuckers.
When you go home, take that message home.
Keep on juggling.
Keep on juggling.
Never stop.
Thank you so much for listening to our program.
We hope you enjoyed it.
Want to thank everybody tweeting about the show.
Like Jeslyn Zagrafas, John Rom, Amanda Waka, Schmoozy, Greg, Aru, Ernesto, Chris Gard,
Aru, again, Andrew, Chris Mantle, Evan Weston, Jade Rogers, Luke Foran.
Thank you so much for tweeting about our program.
When you do that, please use the nbambam hashtag and try to share a sampler.
If you think about it, it's bit.ly forward slash nbambam2013.
Also, thanks again to Hulu Plus.
Oh, yeah.
Make sure to check out Hulu Plus if you haven't already.
I assume you have.
You can check out thousands of hit shows anytime, anywhere.
And don't forget the extended free trial.
You can get that by going to huluplus.com slash my brother and then huluplus.com.
Then the forward slash, that one that kind of like leans.
Which one?
Because there's two of those that you just described.
It kind of leans into it.
Yeah, even if you if I hear you out there, you're like, oh, but I don't watch TV.
Just think of it as a $7.99 subscription to ANTM 2.0 Boys in the House.
If you don't if you don't watch it, nobody you're not going to have anything to talk to to anyone.
A special PSA.
We are not going to have an episode next week because Travis is leaving.
I might make a Greatest Hits episode from the second deck.
That's good.
People seem to like that.
So how long are you going to be in Scotland, Travis?
10 days.
Oh, yeah.
OK.
Yeah, you should probably whip up one of those juicers.
I do want to say if you want to get in a good mood, and this is a shameless plug,
but I know it's kind of a long shot.
But my wife, Sydney, and I, who you may know from the Max Button podcast,
Sawbones, we directed a musical.
It's birds playing Superman.
And you got one last chance to see it this weekend.
And it's in Huntington, West Virginia, of course, at Huntington High School.
And it's Friday and Saturday at seven and Sunday at two.
So if you can come by, I will personally come give you a huge hug and chill with you.
We actually had some folks come up from Philadelphia.
Oh, you're kidding me.
People drove down from Philadelphia to see.
Yes, my new best friends, Lori and Hal, drove all the way from Philadelphia,
chilled in Huntington, went to Hillbilly Hot Dogs,
had a heck of a time, had a blast on their road trip.
You are offering a guaranteed hang.
This is a full, full.
You come down.
We're going to hug.
We're going to chat.
You can see my childhood home.
You can see where I went to school.
You can see where I became me.
Another shameless plug.
Our childhood home has been for sale for like two years.
If you want to buy our childhood home and just like live there in Huntington,
Justin will hang out with you every day.
Please, please remove this enormous sickening financial burden from our dad.
Please buy this fucking house.
Please buy our childhood home.
Our dad has no money saved because of this fucking money pip.
Can we do a Kickstarter to buy our house?
And then just burn it to the fucking ground.
We'll make it an Airbnb for NBNBA fans who want to come visit.
Simple offer.
Go to Huntington, see the sites, go see Justin's show.
Buy our fucking house, please.
Thank you so much for listening.
Great neighborhood.
Also, thank you to John.
Thank you to John Roderick in the long winter.
Yes, of course, for our theme song.
It's a departure off the album.
Putting the days to bed.
You can buy it at iTunes retailers.
Don't Spotify it.
I've been hearing some bad shit about Spotify and Pandora lately that that they're haunted.
They're haunted.
They're full of ghosts.
Every third song you hear on there is a ghost.
Anyway, thank you, John.
Griffin, we got we got a long layover until our next episodes.
I hope you got a great one to take us on a journey.
Yeah, sure.
This one was sent in by Ashley Burgart.
Thanks, Ashley.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Caitlin, who asks,
where can I get some spaghetti in Denver?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Ray Romano.
No, that was terrible.
Can I try again?
I'm Henry Romano.
That was pretty good.
That was pretty good.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
