The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me and my show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother Travis big dog a whoo whoo
McElroy, hey, and I'm Griffin McElroy the smallest one of the bunch
Broadway's back
Is it yeah Broadway's back? I heard it last night on the Tony Awards
Broadway is back and me I was so excited to see all the hits of Broadway
Yeah, we're out last night for the Tony Awards kind of a weird one
Oh, it's Tony words you guys know the story with these Tony's there are awards for a Broadway shows
I I heard this year actually they only gave them out to people named Tony, which I thought was cool
You're any any variety of spelling though Griffin was fine Tony Tony or Tony any one of them
no, so
The Tony Awards, I know that you're wondering the Tony Awards last night, what were they honoring exactly because
They didn't do any they didn't do what I know. They didn't do any plays or shows
From the ongoing unpleasantness. I don't know if you knew about this, but they're
Have you guys noticed how you haven't been outside in a while so
They did the Tony's
for the shows that got that were
Do doing it. Yeah, sure, but didn't get a chance to
You know like compete for Tony's wait, right
So basically mean this is wait, this is for shows that were like on Broadway two years ago
Exactly, but like after the last brought you don't understand. I'm saying kind of so right so like it's
just
Moulin Rouge. Oh a little pill. Yeah, and Tina the Tina
So so and so like every award
Like well for best musical it's
Moulin Rouge
Jagged little pill and the Tina Turner musical. Can I tell you something Justin?
I am kicking myself up and down that great white way because this is your chance to get it
If I had known if I had known I would have opened a show in February 2020
you know like I would have I would have
Spent every last dime I had to finally make my little dream come true
I would have done a one-man show
But like apparently that would have been enough right like and I finally could have put on my script. I wrote back in
2009 of mr. McGoran's Wonder Emporium as a musical you could have mounted it
I could have mounted it for sure. I could have done my musical Oklahoma to
To Oklahoma and it wasn't good. It wasn't even done. I only have two songs in it
But I couldn't poor Judd's alive again was one of them
It's about a zombie Judd comes back and look at that. It's another story with the French on top
I
Wanted to the wind is back again, you know, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This one was about how the farmer and the counter man should be lovers
Yeah
They all it's nice even the musical even the shows that weren't necessarily
Like in competition with those other ones. Yeah. Yeah, like if you did a different one like
um
David Byrne did American utopia. Uh-huh. They're like we got a Tony for you. That's right. Come on up. Thank you for doing your show
That's here's a Tony for you. I remember I saw a clip of it where they just stood on stage
I think it was Lynn just stood on stage and started yelling out like did anyone else do any shows?
No less yet. Lynn did his show
Freestyle love supreme with some of his friends and they made it up
What that's
Fucking kidding me. They made it up. Well, we could do that and it's kind of like
The show before we get there cuz like I do that
Yeah, come up with show and it's like no, well, you know
I was actually talking I was talking to Christopher Jackson about it and he did yeah that every night said zooka
Zama zoom zoom zoom. Yeah, I mean yelled it except that wasn't the song you sing and you know all geek tests
I got you. You fell right into my trap Griffin drop that Chris Jackson heat. Oh
That's what shoes I do
Every night before they go on stage they go like, okay
Let's make sure to write this one down
Right because and then they come off stage and they're like, oh that was a great one
All right, you cars and you crushes like I thought you were writing it down Chris and Chris is like shit
I thought you were writing it down Lynn and they like all forget to write it down every night for like a hundred years
Yeah for like a really long show and I also know that there's other people in freestyle love supreme and I don't know their names
And I'm a terrible. I want to say I want to say something else
Yeah, if I could say something else, all right, say it we did we did do it that we did duets there was
We did
famous duets coming back
Famous duets come back. They open with they're like history-making duets. Who do we have and in my head?
I'm sitting there like my arms crossed like there's no joy in the world. There's no way they got a Dita and Kristen
No
No way, there's no way the music swells
I know and and Leslie my friend Leslie over juniors like we got a wicked performance and then they're both are
Yeah, they're both they're both doing it. Fuck me. And that's so good cuz that's
That wasn't it you would think
Certainly. Yeah, you would think that's the end
That's your closer but then who's that? Oh my god
It's Anthony no, you're not
They're both in tuxedos talking about the bohemian life the irony was powerful
Someone's in for help this man. This this husky boy. He's been killed
And Adam Pascal
Reuniting then and then like the audience several people had died at that point
Yeah, and the rest of them are getting on it to leave cuz there's no way like getting up to leave
They're like scoop the book put it in. There's no way there's any more show
I
Look up at the sky that could those glowing red cracks in the sky that have been forming for about five years now
They're back. They're patching up. They're closing up the wounds guys. You would think you would think that that was the end
No, guys, no, no, no, no, they get this guys and then Lynn had to come out with a rap
He made up about the Tonys. Oh my poor friend. Come with me. You don't have to follow price
policy wheels of a tree
With this song here. They wrote down their songs. They came up with their songs a long time ago. They
Do it, of course Anthony rap man. Pascal wrote
wrote all of it
Yeah, but they but I will say this yeah flip it
Lynn had Wayne Brady on his team. Yeah, I was like, yeah, he's bringing out the big guns Chris
Chris Jackson and and Wayne Brady and a cast of thousands
But like they didn't make up a rap about it we just it's very like making things up
We actually got an invite and I forgot to tell you guys
Yeah, wait Lynn actually did send us a golden ticket to be on his team for the Tonys
And I forgot to pass it on and that one's on me
Yeah, I'm really really sorry about that
anyway, it was very special and and it's like I did I will if I could just there is one little thing I wanted
In there I do they did they were so everybody had me vaccinated. I'm loving that. Yeah, everyone in the audience is
masked right and I'm like even the
Anyway, everyone is masked and and I'm loving that yeah
And then and there's no musical performances in the first two hours, which are streaming exclusively on pair about plus
Yeah, I watched them gotta see who gets that scenic design war. Yeah, of course
So that they did that part. I'm like, well, I get it
I mean you had to do a scale back thing, but you know safety and then at 9 o'clock
CBS picks up the feed right? Yeah, and apparently they had saved all the performances for that
double block and
I feel like I
Don't think it's fair if I'm elderly
Actor wearing my mask and the entire cast of Moulin Rouge gets to do one giant dry hump
Unsafe literally hundreds of people just dry humping dry humping the chairs dry humping each other. Okay, so
Unmasked dry. It wasn't one dry hump because when you say that it makes it sound like it was like a huge punctuation
At the end like I'll slow pull back like a hive hump if you can imagine
Dry hump god. Yes
2020s best musical
Moulin Rouge
Congratulations. Congratulations. It sounds like everyone had a good time. Hey, listen, can I say everyone seemed very relieved to not be in their house?
Yeah, that seemed that seemed accurate. Uh, it's at the winter garden too. God. What a what a beauty
What a beauty. What a joy to see that back up and running again. Nature's healing. Nature's healing the cracks in the sky. Nature's healing the winter garden theater. Things were fucked up for a while
Really? Yeah, but it's all better now. Everything's fine now. That's what Leslie said. Oh, oh did he?
Leslie said everything's fine now. No, he didn't say that but he did say Broadway's back, which it is. Yeah
Yeah, how can anything be wrong if Broadway is right? Look at Adam. Look at Adam and Pascal up there doing his thing
He's it sounds great. By the way, everyone's had a great. What a great evening. Oh
Boy, they've been honing their craft. I think while they've been kicking it
Oh, that's that's the thing right if you haven't been learning at least three new skills by the end of it of the COVID
What are we doing? Yeah, right. What are we even doing? So this is a an advice show not just a
bunch of guys getting excited about the Tony Awards because like
It was an exciting night. Yeah, sounds like yeah back. Yeah, absolutely
Absolutely, Lynn did a great job, by the way
Yeah, if there's one thing everyone knows about Lynn right and turn it on yeah turn it on
Especially it seems like the procrastination
It gets a better. Yeah, if there's one thing there's two things
Everyone knows about Lynn why he can turn it on to he waits till the last minute. I'm fucking
Every single thing no freestyle love supreme. They're making it up every night. What come on. You're kidding me every night
You know sometimes I actually saw on the show and there were times where they asked the audience to do work for them
That's yeah, like you come up with an idea, right? That's why come on, right? It's like I paid to see you guys
You didn't pay to see me. Why should I give you a show lazy to rely on your audience?
So here's our first question. I work as a cashier at a store where we sell scented products
That's excellent. Sometimes when a customer brings one of those items up. I like to take a sniff of it before I scan it good
However, when I brought this up with a friend, she said she thought that was weird. Yes. Yes
Should I stop?
How unintentionally uncomfortable have I made people that's from a wicked whiff of the West. That's very good
now I
Convention
Now as an essential part of information has been lost here and that is if you are in a scenario where you are masked
Yeah in this venue and you're having to like do the little sneaky pull down to get a little whiff
Now here's what I will say
There is a part of me
That I can see this bit
Like if you take a whiff and do that because there's nothing I love more than the feeling of like when you order something off
A menu or you go to buy something and the person says oh, that's the best or that's my favorite and you feel like oh
I won I now I picked the best thing right whether it's true or not
And so if you're like something like oh, this is my favorite one in the whole store
I could see that adding to the customer experience
Experience right, but it also depends on how deep you huffing right? Because if you're like, oh a candle like oh, I love this one
but if you're like
No, I think when it is your house, yeah, we can probably
Okay, stop this is a very musical episode I want to get a Tony apparently
I mean you could be checking for duds, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Like
This no, this is a croissant give me no get another one wait
Trav do you when they say scented products? Do you think they mean baked goods? No, it's a candle
You don't have I have a French baguette candle. It's fucking incredible
You have a bread candle. Yeah, dude. It smells like bread. It's amazing. What a tease. Yeah
Well, I also do bake bread though
So sometimes it's just to waft them in just keeping your your family guessing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Keep them on keep that candle is that bread? We'll take a bite of it and find out. I'm just saying
there's no way that the these people that are making these candles are able to
Quality control it so much that a dud doesn't sneak in there from time to time
Yeah, that there isn't just one stinker that sneaks into the batch from time to time. I
I my other question though if you work in a place, that's so jam-packed full of sense
Yeah, are you still getting much out of the experience?
Because you would think after a while
Maybe at the beginning of a shift to put by my interesting four or five hours in you must be overloaded with that stank
Right. Yeah, it's tough when you go into one of those places like the earth sent
It's just like not like just like that you think about it, right though you get a candle to smell something
Different. Yeah, right like to smell like a different smell, right? That's so true. So if you combine all the candles in
the in the shop
They're all just like different smells that you're not smelling then
So if you go are outside the shop and that's like the world. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Then you go inside the shop and what you're basically getting is the antecedent, you know
Like the anti interesting like the opposite the polar opposite scent from you would get on earth
You're smelling the opposite it's all the different smells that you're not smelling combined into one smell
That is the opposite or the anti scent of I am a million percent sure we've talked about anti-stink before
Oh, definitely. Yeah. Hey Griffin at this point. We're like almost 600 episodes. It's all great
We've talked about everything dude. No, I know but are we cutting-edge
Sign is scientists out because I'm not hearing anybody else talk about anti-scent the stink
That's reverses this does opposite stink the cancel sting cancels it. Yeah new chair and like things like Febreze, right?
That's no no, no, we've talked about that too because that replaces that gives you like now it smells like lavender
I want to completely zero out
Right. I want you know
like you go into a padded room and it's like so quiet because they put like the you know acoustic stuff everywhere and like there's
Nowhere for sound to bounce off. I want that for smell, but we have
Opposite my bin baby because I feel like this raises like so we've at this point then we've talked about everything there is
Yeah, if we're making an opposite of this show, is it like?
heavily researched alternate reality Mert game murder mystery
Okay, every week there's new clues. Yeah, this actually sounds badass and like something I like
Yeah, like hard
I think that is the that's the the the lodestone there is like or your your guiding star is like if it's hard
Yeah, that's the opposite of what we do
I in our show I think that the opposite of what we do on our show if there was an opposite my brother my brother
and me it would be like
coming up with non silly very serious ideas that could change the world for the better and
Then that would then funnel through a pipeline to our show and we would just ruin them by talking about
Like oh that rhymes with fart or whatever. The opposite of our show is like TED talk. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Not it's like short and to the point. Yeah helpful smart doesn't ramble stays on top. Does it right like a visual aids?
Oh, yeah, like I mean that it's like that the TED talk is like the opposite
It'd be like if Joe Rogan was like wicked smart instead cuz like we're we're also pretty dumb
We're also done like in a different. Yeah, but we're done in a non-threatening sense, but he doesn't write it
This is what I'm saying. It would need to be scripted
Yeah, it would need to be scripted if it's gonna be the opposite of our show. It would be great to have well rehearsed
Oh, definitely. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's hard to get left
Yeah, we're like a printing error away
You gotta clean your nozzle heads on
Hey, can I do a can approach the Wizards throne humbly? Yeah, and see what he has for us today
This one's awesome. And this one's good for particularly three of us because this is something that well
Maybe we don't have to worry about quite so much these days during the unpleasantness
But it is important for us to I think know how to sign a cool signature and thank you to Tori for sending this in
I have Leonard this before. Yeah, I mean there's a few steps here and there's some interesting
like things I haven't even considered I think
Ballpark, I've probably signed my name
a
Few like like 20,000 times
I've said my name a lot like in my life and I've never for instance analyzed my signature except to say
Oh, you've analyzed your signature. Oh, yeah, baby. There was that I I think I would guess
And man, this isn't a joke. Maybe 14 or 15 years old
I was like time to turn my signature into an autograph and I just
Handcrafted a very specific signing mechanism. Awesome
So like what's that mean for people who want to like forge checks of you?
Well, I'm not gonna tell me that but mostly I just removed a lot of letters
That's that's an important step and that is a part of this
It's think about which parts of your name you want to include which I've seen your signature for Travis
It's to wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle and then that's it. No, I usually get the S on the end there, too
So it's to wait where we will miss
Yeah
Yeah, that's usually that's usually about as far as we get a lot of people don't know what an uppercase cursive G looks like
So I'm always I'm always that's how weird the General Mills is what I usually turn
That's it. That's a good then. That's also what I do every time I sign my name
I think about that great brand and how they do their G
But it makes it turns me into a sort of international man of mystery. I
Adjust in signature, you know what that is cuz everybody knows that J. It's friendly
It looks like a fun little shoe that something you guys imagine if your name was like Zeke
And you had to sign that in cursive every time every time you put pen to paper and think how do I start this bad boy?
Every time what's that? Yeah, even look like if it was Z
II
uppercase Q
God Zeke get out. That's fucking that's um, that's a maze. You've drawn a children's maze
This cursive I was Google search cursive Z and there's like ten different
It's because of that time they got to that letter in the alphabet everybody was like I'm so tired of coming up with squiggly
Beautiful letters just have fun with it. Whatever you do. Just have fun
Imagine being like in Britain and you got to write ZED anytime you want to put a Z
Yeah, and that's crazy because then it's like who's the deek and it's like that's actually a very cool name
Draw inspiration from other signatures. Look at the signatures of other famous people. I'm just
Well, no, I mean I'm not gonna start signing posters Walt Disney
Why not if you just said like well, that's just what my signature looks like
It says Griffin, but when I write it, it looks like Walt Disney
Yeah, there's some other examples here. John Hancock obviously iconic. It probably took that dude
12 minutes to do this signet like
There's so much calligraphy happening here and that there's like a little what is almost certain like a mason
Like signature like little emblem at the bottom. I'll tell you who fucks me up is curve on a git
He draws he draws like a face
well next to his with like hair and like a squiggly mustache and it's like
Kurt you wrote quite a few books and
Probably signed your fair share of them. You're really gonna do a little doodle, isn't it?
Well doodle in every one stank green doesn't angler fish every time and that it's like who has the time?
Like really stank green and Kurt Kurt Vonnegut. Yeah
Do you think when John Hancock was signing the Declaration of Independence?
Do you think he thought to himself?
Certainly, this won't be the most notable thing that I do
Yeah, certainly the the pica of mice my signature won't be the burning
Shit, do you think that when he went first? He thought this is gonna be how big everyone signs up
This is that is why this is right there. Like he did it first and he's like, let's go
There is like well, there's a lot of us John. Yeah, I wish okay
Fit in here buddy you you rude bitch
Well, I guess I just assumed we'd all write this thing you didn't even ask us
Why would you do some simple math?
You can see we can't fit on there with this car and we only have one pot of ink my dude
This is 1776 are we supposed to pop down to stables? Come on?
Hey, hey, do y'all think I think it'd be pretty dope
if like in Jurassic Park we could bring John Hancock back and then he was like
Looking around. He's like damn Hamilton's
Huge and but I where's the old? Where's the John?
And then he saw oh fuck. Wait, there is a movie called Hancock
I gotta get down on this and he goes he watches it and it's not what he wants it to be because it's like a
Will Smith superhero rock. I don't remember any of this. I don't remember dude. I don't remember any of it
I don't remember having superpowers falling in love with Charlize Theron
But I'm doing that right now watching. I'll try it. I'll give it a shot magnetic
Underline your signature for emphasis. Whatever. Don't fucking do that. No, don't do that unless
John Hancock did that if it's part of a letter if you could do like an S at the end and then it goes
Sue right back across the back like that if it's included as part of a letter
I think that he does he does he does a tail off his K
Look at this which goes down in and he does another H below his name. Yeah
ready to do a
Reprise of Hancock and there was like alright stop Hancock, too
So then there's about like eight different variations on ad flourishes. This one's
Amazing though this person in these images by the way signing their name wiki how which is fun
Number six add numbers or symbols to your signature. Oh like Ke$ha. Okay
The symbols might include a team jersey number a simple sketch or a graduation year
If you associate a specific number or symbol with your identity for instance
If you're well known for your role on a sports team
This may be a good way to publicly distinguish yourself from people with similar names
It could also be a good called shot though
If you're not distinguished as a sports team and you want to become so
Just start writing like Travis McElroy number 25 and then we're like what but then like you do train and you put in the work
And you get drafted by the Eagles in the first round and you're like, this is a dream come true
And they're like your number
78 and you're like fuck
Can't change can't be this one. Oh, sorry, man. This one's already this guy's already got this one. Shit. Can we trade?
What they have done in this picture though is they've written the number 23 just like above
The word wiki had the signature wiki how you can which I'm pretty sure if you do that on like for instance a check
The bank is going to say this is invalid
You can't just the numbers live on the check in very specific
We've made little homes for the numbers to live on in check and you can't just go writing shit like that down willy-nilly
I I would also say and I'm looking this up because I might be wrong
But number 23 is Michael Jordan, right? Like which is awesome, which is an awesome number to put down there
But like I know that and I don't know anything about sports
So I think if you just want to start putting number 23 and people were like, is that your number and back now man?
Big fan of George. Yeah, so
Jordan hey, I hate you know why I hate writing checks
Why cuz pre a lot of the time it's got the word 40 on there and I got to write the word for me. Oh, yeah
It's like it's like six or seven minutes. Just like
Like trying to dig deep like is that you in there or not? It's a tough one. Oh my god, Justin. Okay, I
Thought you were saying I thought you were saying
Because you are a 40 year old man. Is that you Justin inside the number?
I wasn't even thinking about the spelling of the word 40, but yeah, man, you gotta write that
Sometimes you have to write the word and it's like how do you spell?
I thought Justin was having an existential crisis
But that's no no, no, I should have been more clear like you have to write the the
For the kids that haven't written checks
Cuz I know a lot of teens
I'm not writing checks. You gotta write the the words of the numbers. We have
To make sure you're serious about this on an episode of my brother my brother me too cuz you guys come on you can't keep saying
That's not our job. Yeah, that's right. Like that accountability is not it's not our problem
You know, my least favorite part of writing checks is what Miley Cyrus's favorite part of rain
Favorite part arranger probably signing up and cash to take him to the big bank. Where's my checkbook?
You know what I mean? Like where is that thing? I use it once a year. Hey, Billy, right?
I
Probably calls him dad, don't you think?
No way, maybe before he had that collab I was Lil Nas X
Yeah, and then like before that it was probably dad, but he's like no, honey. Now I'm Billy Ray. I'm
They just did a goof about me on Great British Bake Off. I'm back
I bet Billy Ray was kind of pissed off that he couldn't translate that that success in the other. I got some other stuff in my
Catalog, you guys
Yeah, I bet it's passively earning money all the time. Justin. Come on. I mean, I'm sure that that goes down
I think Billy Ray counts himself
very lucky on days where he gets called Billy Ray in the house in the household and not just like
My least head or hey, hey dip shit. Hey, get me my checkbook scum nut. Hey
The dog saying that
Billy Ray Cyrus, okay, he's from sort of our neighborhood right from flowers, Kentucky
It's not too far from our neck of the woods. Billy Ray Cyrus has this
Jumbo hit with achy-breaky heart filmed at the Paramount Theatre over national data. Yeah, if you ever watch that video
It's right right around here. So Billy Ray has this Jumbo hit, right?
And it's like he starts to fade away and everybody's like, well, that was a cool run with Billy Ray
I wonder whatever happened that dude. He's like, oh psych my daughter's the most famous person on the planet
Swing at it. Huh Billy daughter. Oh, my daughter's those famous person planet. All right, so Billy Ray's back
Oh, he's on Hannah Montana. He's back and then it just wouldn't start to ebb
He's backing like the biggest song on the planet this dude. We keep putting him back at bat
It's wild how he just keeps like finding his way. Yes, you have someone loose. Oh, hey, yeah
Okay, you want to sell your soul again?
Man, I don't know. It's been like five times dude. Like I don't know if we can keep making this deal my man
All right. Yeah. Yeah, you got it. You want to be on dr. Quinn medicine one? Okay. Yeah. Sure. Are you sure?
Okay, just sign here in blood man. Yeah, you got it. Okay
Hey, um, Trev, I don't
But that's it's not Billy Ray Cyrus. Dr. Good medicine was just a guy that looks like him. Are you sure he was on?
100% it looks a lot like on hold on
No, we're no one is good. You're thinking of doc doc. Thank you. Yes, the series where this it's a fantasy series
Right, right, right. Yes, you can see how I get this confused though, right? Yeah, I assume there's some kind of crossover there
They probably had a crossover episode like in crisis on infinite Earths
When they made that show
I mean there had to be an episode where somebody's like this guy's heart is fucked up and Billy Ray just starts sweating
They're gonna make they're gonna make me do it
His hearts are really really really fucked up man
Dr. Something's wrong with it. I don't know. It's by all our medical measurements
His heart seems fine, but it's it's really fucked up. Dr. Billy Ray Cyrus. I've got eggs
And you might call it a
Break
Doc is a young Christian bachelor
The mountains of Montana who brings his small-town values and ideology to an environment that seems to lack familiarity with them
Wikipedia get a little judgy
Yeah, this this this small-town doctor from real America. Thanks wiki. Hey, man
Montana is a great name you guys ever think about?
Hey
Let's take a quick break and head on over to the money zone
Where space we've talked about it so many times you guys that I don't even know what they do
Yeah
Why we just read it like this doesn't you don't think about it, you know
I have all this stuff is scripted. Like it's all every single word we say. Mm-hmm
well, the money zone is kind of my chance to just really check out and
Think about like how's the show going so far? Like what could I do to improve in the second half?
This is kind of our halftime. So like when I say that like with Squarespace, you can make a beautiful website
What's that even mean? You know what I mean? Like you can showcase your work on this beautiful website
what are these words that I'm saying sell products and
Services of all kind promote your physical or online business
Is it a physical business like a gym where you get physical? I don't even know no one knows, right?
Apparently Squarespace gives you beautiful
Customizable templates created by world-class designers. What's a designer? Hey, that sounds great. Is it designer?
I don't know these words
Everything optimized for mobile right out of the box apparently comes in a box, which is pretty cool
Your cat can play in it
Analytics to help you grow in real time. I like growing I'm getting bigger every day is what the doctor says
They've got free and secure hosting and nothing to patch or upgrade ever unless you want to put cool patches on your jean jacket
I suppose so go to Squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial and when you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother
All one word to save 10% How much is that? Don't know?
Off your first purchase of a website or domain Squarespace. It's a thing. It's the thing
It's real stamps.com is also sponsoring us this week
They have everything that you need to make a piece of paper go from one end of the country to the other fucking end of
the country what
Yeah
if you and that's something you do a lot if you do a small business because there's sometimes
It's got to go places and you can't walk it there
so stamps.com is a
Is like a weapon that you use to harness the incredible power of the US Postal Service?
And UPS other places you can just print that freaking shit right from your computer
It's amazing and I don't care if you're sending office like office invoices or
Etsy business tools or if you have a warehouse even
Yeah, then stamps.com makes your life easier. You just need a computer and a standard printer
No special supplies or equipment and also you can get exclusive discounts on postage and shipping from USPS and UPS
Now grip it say cuz I bought the warehouse and it was full of stuff and I didn't know that when I bought it
I thought it was a big empty warehouse that I could like run around in and do it
Yeah, and play freeze tag and shit. Yeah paintball fights and stuff
And now I just got it's crates and crates of minion dolls and I have no not even stuffed
These are like anatomically like figures. Yeah, like nine-inch
Plastic hard plastic and they don't move. There's no points of articulation and I don't know when you say
Yeah, yeah, and this is and this is again folks
Completely scripted. Yeah that stamps wanted us to say this next part
Travis when you say anatomically correct minion dolls. Yeah, what does that mean specifically and read it?
I'll read it right off the script. Okay, it shows the banana fuck that sucks. This show sucks now
It used to be it and this is still in the script I fucking hate that stamps me to say this part
But it used to be something
I don't understand why stamps made us denigrate our own podcast. No, it says here
We're a bunch of silly doo-doo boys. Oh, well, I'm a silly doo-doo that trousers. There's actually four days
Oh, yeah, if you really did you boy?
And this is it just and then can we stop reading the script for a second
Oh, yeah, we won't be free from this black handle
Locked in the ether realm for all time
So say set us free save time and money with stamps calm
There's there's no risk and with my promo code my brother
You get a special offer that includes a four-week trial plus free postage and a digital scale. No long-term commitments or contracts
Just go to stamps calm click on the microphone at the top of the home page and type my brother
That's stamps calm promo code my brother stamps calm. Never go to the post office again
Hey folks, it's me James Arthur M
host of minority corner your home through these but wild times for weekly doses of pop culture history news nerdy stuff and more through a
BIPOC queer and allied lens sexy ass from Moonlight who's in the third act of Moonlight Trevante Rhodes who was like
I work out. Yeah, I do. Yeah, I do
This is just you know what it's with a long pandemic girl, what are you doing now to deconstruct this system he basically
Did a covert genocide of black people so join me and some of your new
BFFs every Friday here on maximum fun to stay informed empowered and have some fun minority corner because together we're the majority
Let's see, I live in Denver, Colorado
The air up here is very thin and dry due to the city's elevation as a consequence
My skin is always super dry
Every winter I look forward to getting cracked
Bloody knuckles. Why do you look anytime a stiff breeze rolls through because of this I was carried small portable
Bottle of lotion in my backpack anywhere I go and every single time I busted out to reapply lotion on my knuckles or face
Someone has to make a joke about why a guy is 20s would actually have
lotion on hand
Wow, you're so horny
Wow, you're so horny you can't even wait until you get over work
Jeez, man. Anyways, that'll be 1495
More like jizz man. I am getting pretty sick of hearing the same joke over and over and over again brothers
Is there any way I can make the joke stop?
Are there any witty responses I should be using or do I need to accept my fate and prepare?
Myself for a lifetime of jokes about where the lotion is being applied. That's from moisturizing not
masturbating in the mile-high city
Love Denver
Lucifer big scary blue sir, the nice nice people
Snowboarding jump ramps love it. I'm ready masturbating every
sucks
that
it it's
2021 and
Everybody's moisturizing. Yeah, and it seems like the people who are doing this to you are the ones who deserve
Derision and not you because I think we've all realized that
It's tough out here. So why not keep it?
It like what like what keep it away. You know what I mean? Like
Why not put that lotion on it and feel better for how it feel moisturized and good for it?
The the problem here question answer is you can really only deal with this one person at a time
Like unless you get some kind of grapevine going where it's like, hey, don't make that joke to Jim man. He's
He's sick of it
Yeah, you're gonna have to do this one person at a time
But I'll give you the response that I think would work best Justin. Can you please say the prompt to me?
The like the one that's outlined here. Yeah. Yeah. Wow, you're so horny. You can't even wait until you get it from work
Jiz man, what do you mean?
Like I'm you use the cream to masturbate wait what it's a joke
Yeah, it's a joke about how you can use cream for a better masturbation experience
No one actually does it. I don't think but it is a fun joke from high school. Are you talking about? Yeah
well, you see you have cream and you use it to squeeze your part until the
Tell the just comes out from the good feel. Are you making this up?
No, no. No, it's a popular joke. Let's here. Come here. Oh, let me open my computer here
I'll show you some of the different things about it. You see now. I'm surprised you don't know about this follow. Oh
Oh, okay. Well see what happens is you?
Use the lotion on your I believe in some nations is called a tally whacker
Uh-huh, and you use the lotion on there to help the just come better. But why oh
Well, it's supposed to be a better feeling. I don't know
I've never tried it myself, but it isn't it's sort of a fun joke and freeze
Has this ever happened to you?
Hi, everyone. It's me. Dr. Anthony Fauci. I
Pretty much polished off the kovat stuff
and so now I moved on to another subject this dear a dear to my heart and that's using the lotion for when you
Touch it touch shit good to make the stuff come out
I'm a doctor and I've been studying my whole life about this one very cool thing
Which is why it was kind of a hobby weird that I got called up
It's weird I got called up for this other thing
And I the whole time I tried to hint that this was a nasty thing that I liked a lot
During my many press conferences, but people then got pretty pissed off at me and they don't know that I'm a good time guy
Anyway, when you touch it to make it feel good the lotion even is better for you and
Just think about it
Just let him know because if we say it for long enough on the show
Then it becomes Canada this weird sort of splinter reality is created and then anytime anybody talks about Fauci
Yeah, it's gonna be like my wife's gonna talk about Fauci and he'll be like he's that guy that loves the little
Lotion on it when you touch it makes it feel better
It's me, dr. Fauci again, it makes it feel like the real deal
and that's and that's
And that's awesome to me make it feel like the real deal with dr. Fauci's goo
Is he selling a brand of it or is this a public?
Justin it's like how sometimes there's just commercials for beef. Yeah
Get together and it's like eat beef y'all get it
Um, nobody's eating beef. Hey, we need to get people talk about milk. How we gonna talk about milk?
Yeah, okay, so I'm sorry about that
Dr. Fauci, I don't know how to solve this problem
I keep a bottle of lotion next to the bed and my wife has been calling it my spank lube for 12 years
I can do about it. Can't stop no matter how many times I'm like, it's not funny anymore, honey
she keeps going with it and
Um, there's nothing to be done
It's somewhat you pull out your lotion to put on your hands and they're like, oh you so hurry
Use your that lotion masturbate and you say I don't use this lotion masturbate
And then you pull out a second bottle and you go use this lotion to masturbate. It's way cheaper. That's not a masturbation lotion
This is hand lotion, it's like $20 a bottle this it's like 50 cents for like two gallons
My man, and it gets the job done. It's dr. Fauci's good
I gotta buy them both. I gotta buy them both. Yeah, I
Debate so much. I go through gallons of this. Where are you going?
I've had a cat for about four years now and nobody in my family gets her presents
This seemed normal until my mom got a puppy and my brother got a girlfriend with a dog Wow
We really got to get some other commas in here or something to help me decode this way. Yep
Okay, so nobody my family gets her presents. That seemed normal until my mom got a puppy and my brother
My brother brother got a girlfriend with a dog. It's like really fucking me up right now
I know we're just having a lot of fun. I can't park me
Yeah, he used a dog to get a girlfriend. No, he got a girlfriend and the girlfriend
Has a dog I think I don't think I don't think that's right
Maybe the mom getting a puppy somehow led to the but my mom got a puppy and so
Until one of her my brother got a girlfriend with a dog. Take that mom
Okay, English is not specific moving on now everyone in my family gets the dogs presents for gift-giving holidays
But still never get to my cat anything
I thought my cat is being left out and isn't considered a member of the family despite being around the longest
How do I get my family start buying my cat's presents? That's from cat friend in Chicago
You probably can't yeah, I own two dogs and a cat. I've had the cat longer. So that said
dogs are
inherently doofy and
silly boys
Even though mine are two girls and they when they get presents they lose it
Right you give a dog a chew toy or a bone or something and you you're like God
This showering manna upon the people right you give a cat a present
They'll look at it and then walk away
Maybe they'll play with it when you're not in the room
But they're not going to show you any kind of excitement when you give it to like it that doesn't yeah
It's not satisfying to give a cat a present
You know right really don't
I got I got my cat. It's funny. I got my cat's been crying a lot
My cat really has been crying a lot. So I'm trying to cheer her up
by getting her some new stuff to interact with around the house, and I got this little like it's not little it's like a
Crinkly tunnel nice with the bed in the middle. It's pretty big. I mean it's it's pretty big
It's not inconsiderable, and I put it out a while ago
And I realized like I've never seen her do that like be in it or on it. Yeah, and it occurred to me like
This is art. Oh, it's a piece now. Yes now. It's just a piece right now
It's just an installation if I had a dog, but I could tell the dog like can you please interact?
Oh, yes, absolutely, please if you wait
I really got an egg on my face on this you wiggle something near a dog. They're like okay, gotcha gotcha gotcha
I'm right on that man the number of times that I've held something up to my cat
And I've realized after a couple seconds like I look like an idiot like the cat is just staring me like I know
What you want don't get it twisted. I know you want me to play with that thing
I'm not interested in that man and like I don't know what to tell you do we're at an impasse here
I'm just saying that my cat is way cooler than me real stinker. You know. I love her so much. It's just like
She's too good for me. I don't deserve her. I just don't have pets and so I feel like this is
Exclude like excluding me because I don't
I don't have anything to say about cuz I don't have any
You have kids and they're kind of like pets right? Yeah. I don't want yeah. I don't like my cat. Yeah, right
I like one of my dogs a lot more than the other one, and I think that I think they know I mean
I don't have pets, but I feel like that's the kind of thing when you say people don't like it. No listen
I love them both. I just love one a lot more
Yes
It's perfect. Yeah, just like kids just like brothers. I don't know
Cats are doing their own thing cats also like dogs don't have a movie about them by Andrew Lloyd Webber
So there's well. I mean all dogs go to heaven
What's not by Andrew Lloyd Webber, okay?
If you're saying specifically dogs don't have a movie by Andrew Lloyd Webber. I can't argue with you there
Good. I
Could I could argue that okay? Okay? Yeah, they do
Dogs have a bat dogs have a badass movie by Andrew Lloyd Webber. What's it called dogs?
You think he made it you think he made a movie you think he made one called cats
And then he was like time to make one for dogs, and he was like mr.. Mr.. Fluffer's magic day at the city
No, all that fake all that fucking dogs. I
guarantee many worse
Comedy people than yeah, I've been like what if he did a musical
Right, and that's our turn a little something. It's our turn. Yeah, I don't want I don't want this at bat
I want to just move on and I help other I bet I could take a good swing
I don't want to do what I think I could crank it out of the park a song from dogs
I think that's just saying one song from dog sure sure sure
Look, thanks Graham here. We go all my beautiful bones
God
Why have you forsaken me?
My bones
They
These bones of mine wait oh
Oh
No
In the city oh well my beautiful bones
In the city
When the night and the moon
I
That's uh, that's and that's the first that's the opening song of dogs mr.. Lloyd Webber
I have a quick question was it the dogs bones for chewing Griffin Andrew Lloyd
Is it about the bones in that he's been chewing on like the bones of his body?
That's how Oh, thanks Travis. It's like that's the fucking thing
Oh, I see
Dogs like bones, but it's also a part of them
Thank you Travis for listening and having a basic sort of art appreciation skills
We've been like chugging food so quickly that I wanted to take a quick moment to tell us a quick story
We've been so laser focused up to this point. Yeah, so I'm in so our daddy Clint
Clint McElroy
You might know him from radio or the Avengers home or 40 years of outstanding
like
top of the heap
morning radio here in the
He's on the Huntington Wall of Fame like, you know, so he was not feeling well and
His wife Carol who
Like considers these things
Texts to say your dad just a text Sydney actually and said Clint had to go to
The doctor to get tested because he was feeling sick old bones
Because the doc no because the doctor said to him that it was either they suspected either
a strip throat, you know, like everybody gets 14 times when they're in middle school or
The novel coronavirus which has been such a such a problem. Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's the one. Yeah, that's the one
So I'm on pins and needles. Yeah, you know like oh my gosh
Well, my well my dad knows something so maybe six or seven hours go by it's getting towards the evening and I'm like
I got it. I got to see what's going on because I'm losing my mind over here. I text the guy
I'm like dad. Did you ever hear anything about your tests? And
He said I'm one. I don't want to just like
So I just say well spoiler alert just to jump ahead. So no one's worried
That's fine. Okay
This is verbatim. Have you heard anything about your tests? He texts back on phone now
hang on
Negative and I say, uh, what a relief all that said no and dad said I know
Thanks for checking on me. Now. What now what would you?
Listener think that my dad meant
I'll give you a hint because the 24 hours later the next evening
The next evening. I'm having dinner with my family
my other family my wife's I get texts from my dad to me and Travis and Griffin that said
Negative on my kovat test now boys
I do want to ask did dad
Communicate to you before this that he was being tested for the novel coronavirus only when I facetimed him
15 minutes before he sent this text message. I haven't spoken to dad in weeks
Weeks. Yeah
Negative on my kovat tests. I said, uh, I dad told me yesterday, but I cared enough to which was an awesome flex
yeah, and then dad said
That was the strep test. I
Just got covered results now my dad then
My dad Clint McElroy told me I had said have you heard anything about your tests?
For kovat and strep him. He's just says negative. He hasn't heard anything about both Justin
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no my friend on phone now
Negative, okay, and then I said, uh, what a really probably thought what a waxing to say
I was so worried that you had strep throat. I was so worried. You'll have to eat popsicles
I was so worried about your strep throat. I
I don't know why we're litigating this on on me. I'm on the air
I mean, it's a I said the boys a screenshot because I couldn't believe I
Couldn't believe now on the one hand like I guess I'm kind of guys that I didn't have to worry about my dad having code for
It for a whole day that I kind of appreciate it, but it was not intentional
Yeah, I just don't worry about anything
ever
Oh, that's a good way. Don't worry be happy. Yeah, it works a secret. You guys ever tried it just like everybody home
Try this next time you start to worry about something just don't just do something else instead. Yeah, just turn it off
Just tune out, you know
I bet it's like he you know being worried and concerned anxious is like a part of everyday life, especially
Can you imagine?
Being Bobby McFerrin in the last five years. Like yeah, it's it. Are you like any
Really need you more than ever Bobby, please put out well like if Bobby's like, I don't know about the state of the world guys
I'm starting to everyone like turns looks at him like Bobby you
No, not like this
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast. It's called my brother my brother and me. Hey, did you miss our live show?
It went really well what I could get gauge from the audience response, but you can still watch it
It's you got two weeks of access if you go to bit.ly forward slash mb mba m virtual
You can watch and enjoy a saw buns live show where we try to rebrand vaccines as a technical illness trend and the my brother
my brother me show
Featuring Richard sink and some of our other great bits and thank you to everybody who watched the list tweeting about it
It was you got us trending up there and it just it made it feel like a shared experience
Like a regular old live show and really appreciate that. It was nice. It was nice
I really I really also wanted everyone to know if you were a fan of mine and Teresa's a
Great British Bake Off watch along show bake on
We have started a new season of it to go with the new season of Great British Bake Off
So it's up now in your pod catchers if you search for bake on you should be able to find it
And we're gonna try to keep that going on a regular basis. So if you enjoyed that check it out
Also, thank you to Rachel our editor for for my brother my brother and me and a bunch of other of our shows couldn't do
I thought Rachel. Thank you, Rachel. Thank you Rachel for your continued excellent work and patience
As we say just a bunch of bogus stuff that definitely hits that cutting room for I imagine you could I imagine you could like
Snowboard down all the all the cell cell celluloid that's on the floor
Hey, thank you to Montaigne for these four themes on my life is better with you that that tracks out there that tracks circulating
I've seen it on a lot of the top
Torrent sites
All over Napster and all over Napster a lot of people seating this one. So catch it
the video is so good and fun and um, yeah
Yeah, if you haven't yet McRae merch calm go check out all the cool stuff there
But especially the pin of the month because you've only got a couple days left to get that
And the proceeds from that benefit the world central kitchen
Hey, should we wrap it up with our final Yahoo? Yeah, what's the file Yahoo that you do it?
This one was sent in by
Rand
Paul. Oh, okay. Rand Paul. Wait the same about that. I swear to God. I
Swear to God it's Rand Paulson and it's just for legal purposes. Do you want to clarify that?
It's not the one it is the one from policy
Okay
Okay. Yeah, the one who says all this stuff
All right, you just sent it in he didn't ask it. Oh no, wait, yeah you did shit
He did that he sent it in and asked it that seems weird
I don't think you should be able to do that where you're like
Seems legally dicey to say that it seems weird to know. It's not legally dicey
It just seems weird that he's like, hey check out this great Yahoo. I wrote you know what I mean?
Yeah, anyway Rand Paul asks
Ah fucking what did he fucking ask shoot?
Google does this thing now where it auto translates everything on the page to what random language and random languages every time
I'll run it back through Google translate converter and see what I get what it gets out of it. Okay
Hello
Does anyone know what to do
My name my hi, it's me Rand Paul. Okay. Yeah
Once upon a time I
Misspelled my name and left off the Y at the end and it's been so long. I do not know how to go back and fix this
Can anyone please help me just start calling me Randy Paul and try to get this
Spreading all around the world. I
Really need your help on this one. I promise. I'll be better
I promise. I'll be better
I'll I think Randy Paul would be a better guy. I
Think Randy Paul has more to give this world than I do
Please please
Please only refer to me as Randy Paul from
Thank you, God bless you and God bless America
I
I'm Griffin McElroy. This has been my brother my brother be kiss your dad square on the lips
Oh
Oh Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
