The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, and me, an advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy, brought to you by Captain America
Civil War in theaters now. I'm your middle-est brother, Ant-Man. I'm your... I almost said
middle-est brother, but that would be a lie. I'm the sweet baby brother. That's a fucking lie.
That is my branding. I mean, uh-oh, we got a civil war of our own, brother against brother.
I want to be the middle-est brother. I want to switch ages with Travis, and I think I found a
witch on the internet that can do that for me. We could do it through cryogenic freezing,
much like, spoiler alert, the winter soldier Bucky Barnes. Captain America Civil War pits
Captain America. Is this an official watch? Is this an official Civil War watch? This is an official
Captain America Civil War watch. All right, you know what that means. Let me scoop up all my
DVD copies of Kung Fu Panda 3 and throw them right into the burnerator. We should also say
that nothing we're about to say should be taken as fact. I don't want anyone yelling at me about
spoilers because none of this is true. Now, let me give a straight recap of the plot,
and then we'll get into some jokes about it. Okay. Okay. Just to get set the ground rules. Okay. So,
Iron Man loves slaves. Uh-huh. And he wants nothing more than to keep his massive army of
slaves. Exactly. Plus, that's how he made all of his money off of his plantations. And who do you
think builds all of his many, many robotic armor suits for him? It's not him, and it's not Pepper
Potts. Yeah, it's not Pepper Potts. It's Iron Man, and he's a slaver, and he loves slaves.
Captain America is like, not on my watch, girlfriend, and they get into a big scrap about it.
Some of the superheroes love slaves. Yeah, a lot of them like really, really, really. Well,
some of them, yeah, some of them do. Not all. The ones you would expect, right? Slave man,
definitely. Definitely. Okay. Dr. Racist, he definitely loves slaves. Yeah. But there are
some surprises in there, too. The gentrifier. Yeah. She loves slavery. Cheap labor woman.
The overseer. The overseer. And, of course, Ant-Man, which is like, what? So weird. What?
What? Well, you have to know that Ant stands for antebellum.
We're off to the races. So that's the film. Captain America, Civil War Watch. I guess the
question on everybody's mind is, Travis, how many times have you seen it? 16, Justin. Now,
is this just back-to-back feelings? No, they were just one chunk at a time. I had to take breaks
because it was too intense. The racism was a little, it kind of like filled up the theater
with a weird energy. It was like a Trump rally in there. It was really off-putting. Especially
when the racists win. Yeah. And I don't want to spoil anything, but racism is not only,
it's like codified by the end of it. They put it in the Constitution. Yeah. And I don't think that
they should do that. And Iron Man wrote it. And he was wearing the Iron Man suit when he wrote it
by pen. So it's almost illegible. Which I think constitutional scholars are going to be arguing,
is that a comma? Or is it a apostrophe? Or is it a J? That's how bad Iron Man, when in his suit,
his penmanship is. Just think about it. Just think about it. You're not seeing a lot of documents in
there. I think the weirdest part is at the end when Bruce Banner is walking away sadly and he
looks at the camera and says, who knew that the Hulk's one weakness was racism? Yeah. It's really
weak, but powerful. Yeah. All right, boys, let's see. We got to talk about it. Whose team are you
on? Iron Man or Captain America? Which one was the racist team? Yeah. The one that's not racist,
I guess. Right? Definitely. I'm going to say the non-racist team. I mean, I do love Ant-Man.
Yeah. I mean, I love Ant-Man. Yeah. That's the problem is Paul Rudd puts on a great character
portrayal of Ant, the Ant-Man. But the problem is- Okay, let me gauge your guys' opinion. Is Paul
Rudd America's most lovable racist? I don't want to espouse that sort of sentence. He's playing
a role. He's playing a role. I mean, it's not him. Oh, damn. No, I mean, as his portrayal,
does he make Ant-Man America's most lovable racist? You know what I heard? He was on set.
He was actually kind of difficult to work with, which I can't even imagine because it is him.
But I think I've heard in the magazines that he was on some Jared Leto shit, just being kind of
racially charged. He also insisted that everyone be bigger than him. Which is so weird.
That's how they did that. Do you know that they did that effect? Yeah. And it's very wasteful.
Yeah. But when he shrinks, they just made everything around him very big. Yeah, like in
The Hobbit. Yeah, except times a billion because it's like, make a gun the size of a building,
make an Anthony Mackie the size of a town. And it's all practical. And it's all practical.
If you go to Muncie, there's a giant statue of Anthony Mackie. And it's like,
well, we just didn't have anything else to do. Where are we going to put him? Yeah,
that's just where they left the biomech suit that they put regular sized Anthony Mackie in.
All right, this next segment's for all the comic book nerds out there. Who's your favorite
comic book hero cameo in this one? Because mine was Red Boy who teamed up with Iron Man,
which was a little bit disappointing. But I loved, I was surprised to see Red Boy in there.
He had such a limited run in Image Comics comics. I liked the cat guy. Which one? The cat guy.
Kitty Cat Man. Kitty Cat Man. Yeah. Kitty Cat Man jumped around really good. He jumped around
fast and strong. And at one point he jumped and I was like, ooh, good kitty. And it was pretty cool.
I liked the great emancipate Thor, which was Thor in an Abraham Lincoln costume,
as if we wouldn't notice. Oh, I thought that that was Abraham Lincoln had picked up Thor's hammer.
No. Oh, I misread that. Okay, let me say this. If you and our presidents are able and worthy
to read the power of Moulnier, it would definitely be an Abraham Lincoln. Did you just say Moulnier
like it was French? Moulnier. Moulnier. Like it was a French philosopher? How do you pronounce it?
What do you say, Trav? Mjolnir the hammer. Mjolnir. Mjolnir. Mjolnir. Mjolnir. Mjolnir.
Mjolnir. That's just a little joke I like to make to teach people about nir and far. Mjolnir.
Mjolnir. I guess the side I'm on is Captain America Civil War II. How about at Hollywood,
I'm ready. I'm not getting out of my chair until it shows up on the screen.
I want Captain America Civil War II to just be like, I'm mad at you again. Well, I'm mad at you
again. I'm still mad at you from the first time. I'm red boy. Just kidding, red boy dies in the
first one. Kitty cat man eats him and then spits him back up. Kitty cat man eats him whole. Let's
um, God, we can't go an episode without a voice. Spits out a voice. Yeah. Can we do some advice?
Yes. But go see Captain America Civil War. Support indie projects. Support indie comics.
Local. Happy free comic book movie day. Go see it. It's free.
Hey brothers, I want to give you all- I went to free comic book day, by the way. And before
I lay waste to the free comic book day, I spent like $150 at my comic book shop. So
I'm supporting the whole industry, I guess. Um, I had never done free comic book day and I rolled
up and I was like, free comics, here they come. And they're like, here's an Archie little sampler.
It's three pages long. It's like, I can't finish to this. You know what I mean? That's horse samples.
I got that same Archie and it's the entire first episode and it's a bolded direction for the
franchise. Well, damn, you put me on blast. Yeah. Maybe if you're going to make a joke,
it should be about something that's real. I guess I just prefer graphic novels,
you know, something with a little bit more meat and heft to it. A little bit more seriousness,
less play play. You know what I like is saga. You guys read saga? Fuck yeah, saga.
Good book. Did you buy any saga? No, I bought that new Hawkeye. Let's move on though. Hell yeah.
My spouse and I will be attending a rather unconventional wedding and weekend retreat.
The bride and groom are total hippies. And according to the invitation, we can expect
such activities as clothing, optional pool parties and all nights unspecified quote ritual.
Justin, you added a fucking Yogi Bear extra syllable to the word activities.
And I'm going to. Activities?
Activities.
I'm here to participate in the activities. Excuse me.
I'm Antebellum Man.
Where can I put my cane? I'm Antebellum Man. I'm here for the activities.
I would like a MoMA Mojito.
Oh, you know, the famous southern drink, the MoMA Mojito.
Mojito MoMo. All right, go on.
I got Tommy Hilfiger trunks. All right.
But my real quandary is what to wear. The requested attire for the ceremony is,
quote, elegant.
That is not a thing. That's not. That's some my fair wedding with David to Tara
Candace chic bullshit. That's not anything.
I need some. It's their wedding, Griffin. I need some in style of Vice Brothers.
Can I get some specific suggestions for elegant, kooky men's and women's clothing that will be
wedding appropriate? That's from Wacky Wedding Wardrobe Woes in Washington.
And let's not kid around. That place is going to be a Zoot Suit riot.
I mean, 100% right?
It's going to be amazing.
I want, okay, I also just want to like jump right out there and say,
I don't have a problem with you saying I want my wedding.
I want people to wear like eccentric kooky attire.
But when you say a term like elegant kooky, that's just not a fit.
Like that's just not a classification.
It's going to be a fucking Paula Poundstone cosplay convention up in this shit.
Yeah. You might as well just say like, I want it to be wacky formal.
Like what is that? Does that mean I show up in a tuxedo t-shirt?
Does that mean I wear my suit backwards?
Does that mean that it's like black tie and also silk tunic?
This is why I put them-
I don't know.
It's your wedding day, chase your bliss, do whatever.
But this is one thing where your bliss can't be chased.
You need to let your bliss run away and then you chase your pragmatism.
Because this isn't a direction that you were giving literally every person that's coming
to your wedding and elegant kooky doesn't mean a fucking thing.
It doesn't fucking mean anything.
It carries no connotation whatsoever.
I would definitely, like to me, I would definitely want to wear
basically everything F. Murray Abraham Warren Amadeus.
This would be my one chance.
Oh, this is fun.
Where would you go with it?
To definitely get, I would go frock.
I would have like the whole look, the powdered wig, that whole fun thing.
Maybe like birds in there, birds in my wig, that kind of thing.
Oh yeah.
I love that style.
I think I would go tear away tuxedo and then I would be wearing,
inspired by the flop house, a tux speedo underneath.
That's fun.
Oh, nice.
I would go full, I mean, you guys know, I already said I would totally pound my stone,
but I would also have like a little bit of the mask, like the Cuban Pete scene in there.
By which I mean, I would be wearing a latex, the mask mask.
Oh yeah.
From the mask.
Nothing says elegant kooky like the mask.
But also again, big suit, big suit, big tie, big, loud tie,
big, loud colors, big, loud pinstripe suit.
I would wear-
But cut out.
But cut out suspenders.
I would wear a very regular normal tux, except when you get like super close,
you can see it's all fruit by the foot.
Oh, that's pretty kooky.
And if you want, and I'm like, and when people get close enough,
I just like whispering in the air, like, want a nibble?
Like that.
Want a nibble?
Now you're getting into spooky kooky.
Yeah.
Nibble.
That's good.
I mean, that's kooky is all good.
What about like a body paint suit?
Okay.
I feel like that's elegant kooky.
Like I'm trying to think what you got to get the kooky and you got to get the elegant.
That's like, that's like that.
Okay.
That's a great look if you're beautiful and cut.
And I'm assuming a lot of people at this wedding will be.
Yeah, absolutely.
Definitely.
If I show up in a body painted tuxedo, people are just going to be shouting like,
that man is made of eels.
Yeah.
Somebody, somebody stop him.
Help that man.
Can we, can I just go in a regular suit that I have poured a bunch of soup all over?
You mean a soup suit.
I'm talking about my soup suit riot.
Riot.
Don't buy the bottle of chunky.
It'll be a multiple soup situation.
I can do chili in my pocket.
And then like when I, when somebody is like,
does anybody have anything they want to say to stop this wedding?
Which is what they say.
Then you, you slap your pocket and like chili comes splatting out all over the place.
And people are like, Griffin, you got us again.
I like that Griffin, because you're not just a guest, you're the caterer.
Yes.
You're going to wear a suit, a soup stain suit.
You better hope that everybody's aim with the bird seed at the end is, is very great.
Yeah.
Like very good.
If they're throwing rice and it just sticks to you,
you're going to turn into a one man golden grail for birds.
When I was in, when I was in college and I needed money,
I would go to high end parties and I would be naked.
And I would just like lie down on a big table naked and people would eat,
not sushi off of my nude body, but just different soups.
There's different soups and you're from your crevices, you mean?
Well, no, it was just kind of caked on.
They had to like really scrape it.
It was old soup.
It was a real dry soup.
Like a real dry, old, dry, old, dry soup.
Like powdered soup.
And they would have to scrape it off into,
I would actually just hold it in my hands for them.
The fresh hot soup I would hold in my hands and just sort of lift up to their mouth.
Here you go, sir.
Please enjoy.
Maybe just wear a regular ass tuxedo.
And then when people say like, what's the kooky element?
Look them down the eye and just like, don't you get it?
And then put it back on them.
Make them cook it up.
Or just like a Marvin the Martian tie.
Can you wear a tuxedo top, cargo shorts bottom?
Oh, that's fun.
Ooh, I like that.
That's very like 80s, early 90s.
When I was in-
You would see that character in like a college comedy.
I used to do formal top, shorts, bottom.
I discovered that look in middle school a lot.
And I wore it a lot.
And I'm looking back at it now.
Let me close my eyes and like really get a picture of my mind's eye
because I'm pretty sure.
Oh, yep.
I did look like Laura Dern in Jurassic Park.
Are you talking about a look that I know myself,
I sort of like endeavored into was like a long sleeve plaid with jorts.
Was like one that I know that I definitely had at some point.
And felt, and the weird thing was because it had buttons on it.
I felt like pretty good about it.
Yeah, like, yeah.
I'm making a go at this thing called fashion today.
I was not above in high school.
I remember at least once probably multiple times wore a dress shirt,
like a button up dress shirt and tear away pants,
like tear away workout pants.
And I was like, yeah, because I was like in show choir and theater and stuff.
So it was cool you guys until even like the show choir kids were like,
came you, you need to not, you need to get that shit together.
I wore tear away pants to gym class just to make it easier on the bullies.
Wait, the bullies were just tearing your pants off?
But that's it.
Just shred my pants off like pants hyenas.
But that's it.
Like you made it too easy on them and they didn't want to do it anymore.
Ah, this isn't even fun anymore.
It's like he likes it.
Yeah, I did just wear sweatpants and a t-shirt to school forever
when I was in gym because I couldn't change in the locker room.
So I just wore gym clothes.
God.
All right, let's do a Yahoo.
Yeah, please get me out of this fucking pit.
Yeah, we're all really deep in this pit,
but that's okay because we've been here before.
Elegant kooky.
This one was sent in by Rachel Roseng, game recognized game.
Thank you, Rachel.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Oh, they're anonymous.
In the sports martial arts category, they ask,
oh, let's give them a name.
Uh, Purchase, Purchase, not Precious asks, I want to learn MMA,
but I am worried about safety.
I know it's a stupid concern as fighting is not a safe thing to do,
but I really want to be able to defend myself without losing all my brain function.
How do MMA classes normally deal with average working people
who don't go down the professional route as like a hobby?
I want to learn MMA.
Is this the getting hit part?
I could do without that part.
That's actually, this is actually not a terrible question
because like, how do you do, how do you do like amateur MMA
in such a way that you make it clear?
Like, I know I could do it better with harder hitting,
but I just, that's not where I'm.
Well, this is predicated on the existence of another person
who doesn't want to do the punching part of it and only wants to be hit.
But is this person concerned about the death toll of MMA classes?
Like, we lost another one.
Like, I would have to think this is a concern that has been dealt with before now.
Like a teacher going, wait, no one wants to get hit, huh?
Oh, damn it.
I want to go out on a limb and bet that number eight, zero though.
Like, I'm going to go out, yeah, it ain't nothing.
When you go to the part where you're training regular, okay,
and learn all the moves, and then when it's time to spar with a partner,
get this, you throw a paper mache version of yourself in the ring.
Interesting, that's some ninjitsu shit.
Yeah, like.
I wouldn't watch that training montage.
Yeah, and they're already like attacking it
and punching it and like they punch you in your solar plexus
and they're like, that's a death blow.
Their hand goes clean through you and then they come out
and what do they have in their hand?
A zag nut, you're full of candy, that's right.
You've self pinataed and that is the safest thing you can do.
Because you're just going to think about punching
when they got a delicious zag nut to enjoy.
What I love about that is that I think that movies like Karate Kid
have taught us that the fastest way to win is not to fight, right?
Absolutely, see why skip ahead.
Right, so maybe that's what every MMA teacher is waiting for,
to have one student who's like, no, you know what?
No, and then everybody just raises them up on their shoulder,
gives them like three black belts,
and like just dances them around the place
because like they're the only people who have figured out MMA.
They're just waiting for like Chuck Liddell to be like,
you know what, I don't want to punch anymore.
And everyone's like, you're the hero now.
You've taught us a valuable lesson.
MMA is canceled, everybody.
No more MMA.
You know what I would do?
They solved it, why are we even doing this?
I would do like in the Sherlock Holmes movie with Robert Donnie Jr.
And I would do that thing where like I see them like-
Do you mean the only good Sherlock Holmes?
I see the man who I'm fighting start to twist back and he's shirtless.
Should I slow down?
And he's shirtless and he's twisting backwards,
like give me a good old haymaker.
And I'm looking at his muscles inside his body
and he's moving in slow motion.
And like this like user interface sort of appears over him.
And it's like weak left ribs,
punch impact coming in two seconds,
blind spot in right eye.
And I'm like fucking analyzing all of his data
and his weak points and shit and like checking out his HP.
And then like once I've fully scanned him like that,
I can dodge all his blows and punch him where it would hurt his body the most.
It just occurred to me that like Sherlock Holmes,
Robert Donnie Sherlock Holmes basically just has Jarvis again.
He loved having a computer in his head so much.
He's like, let's do it again, guys.
Hey guys, listen to me.
RDJ, listen, I was thinking could you have a robot in my head again?
Wouldn't it be great if that scene played out with him analyzing
although this is while he was getting punched.
Yeah, that would probably be more.
As the guy's punching him, he's like weak left eye.
Poof, limp on the left leg.
Travis, I was just in the pupil state of a note perfect Robert Donnie Jr.
Yeah, you really crunched it.
History will never forgive you for not letting that blossom
emerge from its chrysalis into the world's most perfect Robert Donnie Jr. impression.
Do you wanna, is it too late to take a second stab?
It's gone, baby, it's gone.
I should clarify, I also liked the young Sherlock Holmes
where there was like the fear toxin
and there was a part where like the buns came to life
and like all the sweets were attacking.
I don't think I have the fighting prowess required to slow motion scan my enemies.
But could I make them think that I was to scare them away from me?
Like that would be my self-defense.
Like if I see somebody coming for me with a big old barrel of punches
that they're about to upend on me, then I can look at them and be like,
scanning left eye Lopez, right ribs, former broke left wrist in 1996.
Weak left wrist, legs are soft, soft legs.
Maybe just like undiagnosed appendicitis, one punch could kill.
Oh yeah.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, I'm out.
That would be good, loose brain.
Or what if you went psychological, Griffin, and analyzed them psychologically
and you're just like friends and family never loved them
and you just like were instead like throwing out kind of more psychological barbs.
Dad is a time traveler, doesn't, isn't home very much.
That's right, my dad is a time traveler.
At least that's what he tells me when he goes for business trips.
How about another question?
What if you just decided to like, you know about cosplaying,
what if you like cos-fighted, what if you said like, listen, Iron Man,
like you got in the ring, got his head, like, hey, listen, Iron Man,
I'm not gonna fight you, I'm your best friend Captain America, we can't do this.
Yeah.
I think that'd be hugely distracting.
That would be, it's me, red boy.
Well, fuck, I can't punch red boy.
I'm not gonna punch red boy, we're fast friends.
On my way to work, I stop at a coffee shop.
There is a barista there who, whether he is working or just hanging out on his off hours,
stares at me like he wants to murder me and wear my skin every single day.
It's majorly creepy and unsettling and not a great start to my day.
What do I do?
Do I ignore it?
Do I go to a different coffee place that's not as convenient?
Do I tell a manager, even though I'd feel bad if it got him fired?
Creepers need jobs too?
And that's from Coffee Conundrum.
There's a sandwich shop very close to me that has some boys in it
that made me feel uncomfortable, not in like a danger place,
but just like they don't respect this sort of social cues
that me or anybody else in line at this place puts out.
And so we have just stopped going to that sandwich place,
going to a different sandwich place.
Can you give me a little more, a little more color?
Like, what are you saying?
Yeah, that could be anywhere from like-
All right, all right, all right, all right.
Like, giggling at you.
Yeah, okay, let's just role play.
Justin, you're mean.
And I really want you to sort of take your own sort of social needs
and desires into, hey man, how's your weekend?
Wait, so I'm you?
Yes.
Okay.
I'd like a pepperoni sandwich, please.
Oh, cool, man.
I'll whip that up for you.
And then I'm gonna sing like a little song while I do it,
like literally sing a song, like literally sing a song.
And I'm gonna look up at you and be like, so how was your weekend?
How's the sandwich coming?
It was fine, it was fine.
So this isn't gonna work, is it, this role play session?
Let me try, let me try.
Let's recast it, okay.
I'm just, I liked Justin better
because I know that his like social stuff's not as good as yours.
I got you.
Okay.
Hey man, how was your weekend?
Pokemon!
All right, fuck you guys.
It sounds like they have a joyful heart,
like they're approaching the world in their work with a joyful heart
and that's what's making you so uncomfortable.
No, it's not, it's bad, it's bad.
Cause I like that shit.
I'm usually into like having a conversation.
I love having a conversation with a person.
It's just different, there's a funk to it.
There's a funk to it.
It's like a judgment funk, like you're gonna say the wrong thing.
A bit of a judge.
I've gotten that at a coffee shop before
where the dude or lady or person was very cool.
Just very, yeah.
And I knew like, I knew that if I was just like,
I would just like, there's, especially here in Los Angeles
where like I just want a cup of like drip coffee
and then they like artisanally like pour hot water
over a single cup brew into a glass pitcher
and the whole time they're just like staring at me as they do it
as though I'm supposed to be impressed
that they can pour water over coffee
and then they hand me the coffee and I'm like, okay, cool.
And that's $6, great, thank you so much.
In one transaction with these two boys,
one of them quoted Monty Python at me twice.
That's where we're at.
That's rough.
That shouldn't be weaponized.
It's been aerosolized and it was sprayed in my fucking face
and into my nose and mouth and in my breath system.
Okay, I feel like if you wanna keep talking to this,
going to this store, you have to talk to this person.
If you wanna keep dating this Starbucks.
If you wanna keep in this committed relationship
with your local Starbucks,
you need to talk to this person
and ask them what their fucking story is.
That would shut it down, right?
Like, I mean, the problem is it is impossible for us
to calculate whether or not some sort of like flirtation
or sexual attraction is like figuring into this.
Like, is this someone who's very bad at,
like who has read the game one too many times
and thinks that like consistent eye contact
is hugely important.
Is that a Grisham novel?
Yeah, it's a movie where, I think it's Michael Douglas.
Yeah.
He like is in a big game.
Where they just nag on each other.
They just nag each other back and forth and back and forth
and at the end he gets thrown off a building.
I think the key to making that work, Justin,
because I think you're right.
I think you have to find a window of like,
so they're doing something that you can count,
not like maybe they're reading a paper
or like it's something that you can comment on
rather than just walking up to them and going,
hello, I'm Steven or you know what I mean?
Like you need some,
because if they respond like, yeah, go fuck yourself,
then you're like, oh, cool.
I get exactly what's going on now.
But if they do read the situation
is whatever interaction you try to have with them,
you are flirting with them.
And as far as they're concerned, it's on,
you do need to pull out
and go to a different coffee shop from now on.
That coffee shop is-
I'd say fuck that.
Don't even give them a fucking chance.
It is a consumer facing business
and you're uncomfortable with the treatment
of the consumers and that's all that matters.
Baby buck stops here, customer's always right.
Consumer's always right.
Just fucking-
So do you complain, Griffin?
No, you fucking bounce.
You go somewhere else and give them their dollars
and maybe somebody will,
just all I need is just a coffee and a banana
and a have a nice day.
That's all I need, coffee, check.
Banana, check.
Go fuck yourself, not a check.
I'm gonna go somewhere else.
I actually wouldn't mind
if I was buying coffee and a banana
and then I handed them the money and they said,
okay, thanks, go fuck yourself.
I actually would be okay with that as an interaction.
Okay, so sort of Dick's last cafe.
Yeah, I would know exactly where I stood
with that coffee shop.
Excuse me, fellas.
I needed to take a quick sidebar
to talk about the pickup artist.
Oh, Jesus.
I think the greatest injustice in human history
is that we were not producing the show
at the same time in synchronicity
with a hit series called The Pickup Artist.
We would have known that it was about
to like ruin fucking everything, right?
Just the worst thing.
Then on this show, if you missed it,
started a guy literally named Mystery
who wore a hat that he definitely wore.
And if you can look up a picture of Mystery's hat,
you'll very much appreciate what a commitment that is
to his whole stage.
Mystery spelled in the traditional spelling of the name
or like Mr. E.
No, it's just Mystery.
And his real name is Eric Von Markovic.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
All right.
Just super quick.
There were, it looks like eight contestants
in the first season of The Pickup Artist
where he tried to teach these fellas how to score bibs.
And I'm just gonna read you their status.
They were fighting for bibs?
Like that you put bibs?
They get prodigious bibs.
Super quick.
I'm gonna tell you the stat.
I'm not gonna tell you their names
because who gives a shit.
I wanna tell you the reasons that they're on the show.
Eight quick reasons.
Here we go.
Number one, freezes up around women.
Brady, lacking in self-confidence.
You just said you weren't gonna say their names.
I changed my mind.
Jody, the quote friend to girls.
Jody, friend to all girls.
Pradeep.
Oh, Jody?
Oh, nice, yeah.
We're gonna go have a picnic tomorrow
and it's gonna be great.
Oh, I have a picnic plan with Jody.
He's every girl's friend.
Pradeep over analyzes and talks too much.
Joe W. starts off strong but often fails fast.
Scott gets very nervous and stutters around women.
Fred, 40-year-old virgin plus five.
He's 45.
And then lastly, there's Steven Poon or Spoon
who does not know how to approach women.
He was eliminated first.
Hi, I'm Spoon.
Wait, you get eliminated from this game?
You get eliminated from the game.
You'll never talk to women.
Get out of here.
You'll never be able to talk to women.
I feel like we all got eliminated from this game
because even if you miss,
I never watch the pickup artists,
but I feel like on a daily basis,
I experienced the ripples, the shockwaves
that it sent out across our cultural landscape.
I'm so sad we weren't, we missed.
The reception on Wikipedia,
the initial viewer ratings were disappointing.
Debuting with only 672,000 viewers.
That depends on who you are.
Because to me, nobody watches this fucking show.
That does not disappoint me.
No, that actually makes me feel pretty good.
That appoints me a major way.
Griffin is appointed now to a higher level.
Fuck that show.
Fuck everybody.
Fuck all those guys.
Fuck the show.
Fuck mystery.
That show was executive produced by J.D. Roth,
who you'll remember as the Finder's Keepers.
Maybe bring it back on the O network.
Maybe on O and all women, gender-flipped pickup artists.
Just, oh, but that's the twist.
It's like at the end, women are judges
and they're just like, okay, behave.
Nope, you did bad.
Be a good human being.
Oh, you failed.
You messed up.
No, no, no.
Let's take a quick break and go to the Money Zone.
I'm coming.
My brother and my brother made a supporting part
by Squarespace.
Travis, what the hell is that?
Squarespace?
Yeah, what the fuck is that?
You tried RoundSpace, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, and how RoundSpace makes really shitty,
hard to make websites.
Well, Squarespace makes easy, good websites.
Why did they do that the first time around?
Well, cause they weren't sure what should they were like,
let's cut corners and they made round space.
And then they say, you know what?
Slap those corners back on there.
That's where all the programming was.
Yeah.
And they glued the corners back on
and they made square space, square space.
Round space, by the way, round space is a,
is a UK based professional training and coaching outfit.
And you just really put them in the fucking trash.
Didn't you?
Well, or in the winter circle,
you're welcome for the free mention.
Back to Squarespace though.
Squarespace is a host to the MacaroyShows.com website
where you can find all of the Macaroy projects,
including YouTube stuff and other podcasts.
That's weird, this feels like a commercial for us.
Commercial for us.
Well, no, but hear me out.
Good twist.
Because I, when I started it, I envisioned like,
well, this is going to be tough.
So I'll just put a couple of links on there.
And then as I was doing it,
I realized how not only easy, but also like versatile it was.
Like the things you're able to do with very, very,
very little expertise and knowledge of what you're doing.
And end up with a very professional looking website
that people have asked me like, well, who did this?
And it was like, I did it in about two hours
and I'm able to jump in and make edits and improve things
and add new stuff on a whim.
And it's so fast and easy.
And also I have, you know,
had professional websites made before
and as a cost effective option, Squarespace really,
really delivers.
I highly recommend it.
And you can start a free trial today.
If you go to squarespace.com slash my brother
and check it out, you can start a trial
without having to pay for anything.
And then if you're like, you know what?
I really liked the website.
I really liked the way this is looking.
You pay to publish and trust me, you won't regret it.
Squarespace.
Nope, you should Squarespace.
Squarespace, you should Squarespace.
Get your Squarespace on your left now.
I wanna tell y'all about Club W.
It's an exclusive club by which I mean,
you can get into it if you go to Club W
and go to their website and sign up for it.
But it is still, it's very exclusive
because what does that W stand for?
Weapons.
What?
They send you a new weapon every week.
This week I got a big old club
and it's got a gun in the handle of it.
It's a gun club.
It's not true.
No, the W actually stands for Winslow.
It is a club and we all get together every week
and we talk about our favorite sort of Family Matters stuff.
Just so you know.
That's also not true.
Not true.
Tell the truth.
Okay, Club W is an exclusive club
where we talk about Family Matters.
Guys, I can't.
No, it's not.
It's about wine.
It is a wine club.
It's a wine thing.
You fucking know that.
Club W, it allows you to sort of get past all of the stuff
where you're shopping for wine
and you don't know what any of the words
or like flavor profiles mean
and you just want some wine to have with your fish
or your steak or whatever.
But you want something good?
Well, Club W's got your back.
It's a revolutionary new wine club
that sends wine directly to your door.
Saves you all the trips to the grocery store,
all the like being awkward, standing in the wine aisle,
just like picking up bottles and looking at them
and pretending to know what the fuck they're all about.
Club W asks you a six question quiz
and then it sort of determines what your palate is
based on that quiz.
So every bottle that you get
is perfectly tailored to your tastes.
It works directly with vineyards,
cuts out the middlemen, saves you money
and it's got a no risk guarantee
that you will love drinking what they send you.
Right now, Club W is offering listeners $20 off
your first order if you go to clubw.com slash my brother.
All one word.
Again, clubw.com slash my brother.
It gets better.
They'll pay for your shipping
on orders of four bottles or more.
So take something off your to do list.
You need some wine, just go to clubw.com slash my brother,
get $20 off your first order now.
It's clubw.com slash my brother.
Here's a message to Emily Lloyd from Liam S. Smith
and it reads, dear Emily, AKA Reagan,
I hope this belated, you know it homie,
birthday message fills you with delight
and reminds you that you have peeps in your corner
all the way across the sea.
Happy birthday.
I hope you and Patty keep killing it in the UK.
Never forget, you are Emily Lloyd.
Oh, that's so fucking fresh, isn't it?
Wow.
Never forget, you are Emily Lloyd.
In all things, you are Emily Lloyd.
You are constant as the Northern Star.
That's so good that for a second there,
I thought I was Emily Lloyd.
No, she is Emily Lloyd.
Today, we are all Emily Lloyd.
Lots of love, your pal, Liam.
You are Emily Lloyd.
You are the best. And you are Emily Lloyd.
And you are Emily Lloyd.
And you, no, okay.
No, you are the Northern Star, the Polaris
around which all of us must navigate.
You are Emily Lloyd.
This is actually from your pal, Liam,
and everyone else, but they didn't pay for this message.
I like that, Liam.
Fuck them.
Yep, fuck them. Put up or shut up.
Got another message here.
This one's for Jer and Richie, and it's from Sian.
Sian com.
Sian.
Sian by the chandelier singer.
Jer and Richie's message is from Sian who says,
this is what it would feel like
if the brothers McRoy knew you existed.
Please enjoy this fleeting moment of recognition.
Yep.
Can the three of us just sort of say
our favorite thing about Jer and Richie?
Their names sound really good when you say them together.
They have a good mouth feel.
Jer and Richie.
I like the way that they're always together.
Like you never just see Jer, you never just see Richie.
It's a really pretty sweet package deal.
Jer can jump really high,
and Richie is gluten intolerant.
Yeah.
Which I like.
Jer can jump really high.
At least more bread for me.
Jer can jump really high and Richie can duck really fast.
It makes for a lot of really fun-
Yeah, they do like-
Antics and stunts.
You're just like walking in the movie theater
and then all of a sudden you look behind you
and just whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop.
New to Maximum Fun,
the Beef and Dairy Network podcast.
The number one podcast for those involved
or just interested in the production of beef animals
and dairy herds.
All sponsored by Grazex,
the latest grass replacement pellet from Mitchell's.
If it's not Mitchell's, get back in the truck.
Find us at MaximumFun.org or on iTunes
or wherever you get your podcasts from.
And if it's not clear, this is a comedy podcast.
Beef out.
Recently I helped a friend move.
Can I- Working for-
No.
What?
I just want to do a yahoo.
Okay, go for it.
Actually, I think I want to,
somebody sent me a tweet.
Okay, that's not really-
Well, no, it's pretty,
this tweet is pretty dark.
I don't know if I should say the user or not.
Let's talk about it first
and we can say like,
if we want to like mention the user's name.
But it's a picture of,
apparently it's very dark,
but apparently it's a picture of them
just like smoking a joint.
And they said,
Good Games, Inc.,
which is almost the name of the video game podcast
I do with Nick Robinson at Polygon.
That's cool games, Inc.
What I'm doing while listening to your podcast.
Enjoying a jazz cigarette at home.
And it's just like a picture of them like,
having, having,
smoking a Padoober.
And then I sort of went through their account
and that's exclusively this person's activities.
Trends like these.
What I'm doing while listening to your podcast.
Getting some exercise.
Playing some b-ball.
And sure enough,
here's a picture of a basketball court.
Got one, Oh No Ross and Kerry.
What I'm doing while listening to your podcast.
Relaxing before picking up my wife from work.
And this is just like a picture from a, a bed.
Where somebody's lying down.
That's so fresh.
I'm like really very into it.
It's, it's Francis Reed.
Maybe, maybe they've only been doing this
for about a month or so,
but I'm into this.
Well, first of all,
I love when people send me a picture of them doing drugs.
Cause I see that I'm like fucking cool.
Yes.
Yes.
My people.
I love drugs.
Drugs.
Top-notch.
It's so important in, in there's just a flood
of social media presences in the world.
And so important to establish like what's your brand.
You know, what's your, what's your thing.
And if your thing is letting podcasts know
what you're doing while you're listening to them.
Guys, listen, if you ever are listening to us,
make our jokes and you say,
this seems like the kind of thing
I would love to spark up to.
Don't be afraid.
We're not fucking cops.
We will not knock you out.
Send me those pics of you sparking one up to our jokes.
And I want to be, I want to be clear.
It doesn't have to just be that.
If you're also like slamming a brew.
I'm gonna go ahead and say it's explicitly
sparking up a joint.
I want pictures of people slamming brews.
Okay.
Francis hasn't limited himself to that.
Francis, he tweeted at Julien Loves Music.
What I'm doing while listening to your podcast,
making tuna pasta bake.
That's so great.
Like that's such a great account.
Here's what I'm gonna give.
I'm gonna give the information, W-I-D-W-I-L-T-Y-P
with an at before it.
This is a fucking good account.
If you see this person tweeting, please tweet at them.
Like you're crushing it right now.
Nice dude.
Blazing up another drew.
You know what I'm doing while listening to your podcast?
Forging an ax.
There's one where he's just forging an ax.
Yeah, that's.
Is it that different podcasts
inspire him to do different things?
Or is he just like relegated that like,
I only listen to Hello from the Magic Tavern
while I forge an ax?
Let's do a Yahoo.
This one was sent in by Morgan Davey.
Thank you, Morgan.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Following this person right now.
U2K, at U2K, heart heart.
Who says, who believes Bruce Willis is a Yahoo user?
I accidental found a Bruce Willis user account
and I fan boxed that user's, what?
What?
Is that like shadow boxing?
And I fan boxed that user's
and also asked him a few Q if he really is.
Then he knows my husband and can answer those four Q.
Over 3000 idiots answered that user's Q
and many stared it, et cetera.
How stupid are people?
Can anyone in Yahoo verify that it's him?
I just called that user out.
I call him, I call him a lair.
And if he could answer those four Q's, I'd know for real.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, all right.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
So it's basically like,
tell me something only Bruce Willis would know?
Okay, so I think just sort of reading,
I think this may be written in,
is there a different version of English
that reads like Arabic
where you're supposed to go right to left?
Cause that's the only way
that I can sort of piece this one together.
Is there a part in this question
where this person says their husband knows Bruce Willis?
I think it says their hubby knows Bruno
and I know things, he's relayed information to me
that only the real Bruno would know.
I don't want any fake Brunos in the mix.
So this person asked questions maybe about,
hey, if it's really you, Bruce,
tell me what my husband's favorite animal is.
You would know.
Do you think Bruno uses Yahoo Answers?
How else does he find stuff out?
That is a good question.
How do you learn stuff?
Sometimes I like to think of like,
I'm wishing on the same big bright stars Bruno,
cause like I think about like he has to
at least accidentally have stumbled onto Yahoo Answers
at some point and just like,
maybe it was the same time
that I was having a session on Yahoo.
We've passed 300.
What if he's listening right now?
What if he's listening to this going,
I am a Yahoo user, I found it through your show.
No, that's too much to ask.
I would just be happy to know
that we both use the same website at a certain point.
You probably both use Google.
What do you think is a better album title?
Bruce Willis' The Return of Bruno
or Aerosmith's Hunkin' on Bobo?
Between those two, which is the better album title?
Bruno, if we could somehow do like a gray album mashup
of the two, Hunkin' on Bruno.
Hunkin' on Bruno, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And thank you Justin for that mind voyage
that just discovered the name of episode 302
of My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
A lot of harmonica work by Steven Tyler
on Hunkin' on Bobo.
Yeah.
And I know you might be thinking,
where did you get that fucking crazy name?
Joe Perry stated in a radio interview,
we just know that it's a phrase that sounds jazzy,
jazzy-ish, nasty-ish, so it works for us.
It is nasty.
I wouldn't say it was nasty-ish.
I would just say, remove the ish from that.
It's just plain nasty.
It's a nasty name when you're a nasty boy.
Nasty Joe Perry.
This is a fun sort of thought experiment,
a thought spearmint.
Think of a sex act that could not be described
as Hunkin' on Bobo.
Now write it down on a piece of paper
and mail it to P.O. Box.
Butt stuff?
No?
No.
It's like the universal sex solvent.
Like everything can fit into Hunkin' on Bobo.
A Billy job?
I think that might be the actual definition
of Hunkin' on Bobo.
Yeah, all of them.
All of them.
Just like really effin' the S out of a clown
that's a little on the nose.
And it would be on the nose.
The Return of Bruno was an album released by Bruce Willis.
If It Don't Kill You, It Just Makes You Stronger
is an album by Bruce Willis.
Excellent.
And his third album, released in 1999, is-
1999, 1999?
Well, it's classic Bruce Willis.
So they've apparently taken some of the biggest hits
from his first two albums
and turned it into sort of a greatest hits
called classic Bruce Willis.
Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up.
Did he name his first album Return of Bruno?
Yes, Travis.
He did do this thing you said.
Now, was this a-
Was this a-
He put return in his first album?
Now- Yes.
Can I just real quick, can we establish,
was it a Chris Gaines fugue state?
Or was this the same,
this is a Bruce Willis you know and love,
only this time he's doing something a little bit different,
which is to say he's honking on Bobo.
No, it was a tie-in with Hudson Hawk.
It is-
Okay, so the Return of Bruno-
Oh boy, we're really getting into it now.
You gotta go deep,
cause like I've been obsessed with the name of this album
forever.
Apparently there was also a one hour atrio special.
It is a mockumentary starring Bruce Willis
as his fictitious alter ego, Bruno Radolini.
It was indeed a Chris Gaines fugue state.
Oh shit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What the fuck?
Fuck, dude.
You know that this motherfucker covered Secret Agent Man?
Yeah, I can't, I literally can't.
I'm looking at my copy of Surrogates right now
and I'm weeping and we need to move on
cause it's starting to hurt.
Izzy Aya, who answers user.
Has he ever said-
I would have said no before.
Yeah.
I'm starting to feel very confident-
He might not be, but Bruno might be.
Maybe Bruno, oh man, no, I don't use it,
but Bruno, he loves it.
What?
He won't shut up about it.
Won't shut up about it.
I don't even know how to use a computer.
It's a computer, Bruce.
It's a computer, it's pronounced computer.
I'm just looking at on Yahoo.
Oh, what'd you find?
I've been, it's just a fucking look
on he's giving on this album cover.
No, it's very good.
It's like, oh yeah, it's me, Brucey boy.
And I'm here to sing you some tunes.
It's me, I'm back, I'm Bruno.
It should be like, it's a Bruce Willis solo album.
The only acceptable look is like penance.
Like, I'm sorry.
I know you bought this cause you enjoy my acting.
Do you like the song, Secret Agent Man?
I'm just like, I did a quick Yahoo search
for Bruce Willis, Bruno on Yahoo Answers.
Found this one is by Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
Is Bruce Willis a good singer?
Do you remember the return of Bruno in the 90s?
Do you remember the cover version
of Under the Boardwalk he did?
So this could ostensibly be Bruno asking the question.
Somebody says, I am sure he's a good of a singer
as he is a Yahoo Answers user, lol.
So this is eight years ago.
Starting to think there may be a little bit of credibility.
Somebody says, yes, a good bedroom singer.
The fuck, dude.
What?
What does that mean?
He's thirsty for that bobo.
When he's hungry for that bobo,
he's really going to town lyrically.
His cover of Under the Boardwalk
was a number two massive smash in the UK.
Hey, are you okay right now?
Are you doing all right?
Seems like you made Bruce Willis a big singing sensation
over there with this cover of 150 year old song.
In episode, I just Googled Yahoo Answers Bruce Willis.
We are one of the top results
because apparently in episode 74 of My Brother, My Brother, Me,
we address the question,
how can I overcome my fear of Bruce Willis?
Do you want to read a question, Justin?
Yeah, I'd love that.
Recently, I helped a friend move
working for about six hours for no compensation
other than a promised dinner that never came.
While humping carry a TV downstairs,
I tripped over a hole in the sidewalk
and hit the TV into the ground.
It looked fine till I plugged it in
when we saw what looked like green ooze.
It's turning into a Goosebumps book.
When I saw what looked like green ooze
dripping down the picture.
I just imagined the cover
and it's two boys sitting on a couch
while a green ooze comes out of a TV
and then underneath it and that Goosebumps font,
it just says, I fucked up.
And that's the name of the cover.
Sorry, Derek, my R.L. Stine.
Aw, fuck, Derek.
I really goobered it up this time, bud.
I goosed your bums, I'm sorry, Derek.
Why is there a green goo in the TV?
Okay.
Slime time, colon, I done fucked up, Derek.
Okay, it looked fine till I plugged it in
when we saw what looked like green ooze
dripping down the picture on the top right.
What do I owe my friend?
I offered my slightly smaller TV, a 45 inch,
to replace the 50 inch I damaged,
but he wants to replace it with a new one.
How much should I contribute to a $450 replacement
for a mistake I made while helping for free?
That's from Alex Martin.
I'm gonna say none, none dollars.
None dollars, right?
Like if he had wanted somebody who wouldn't break his shit,
he should have hired a professional.
It's kind of the risk of like moving.
Yeah, when you roll up to help a friend move,
you're like, hey, so do you want
the $50 Derek insurance plan?
So if I break any, you give me $50,
if I break any of your shit, over, please.
That's not how any of that works.
That's not how any of the,
like you've carried a TV in your life, what?
Like maybe 10 times?
Like I'll tell you this,
it's a damn sight short of like 10,000 hours.
You need to be an expert TV carrier.
They should have known better.
I would say that, especially if your friend,
and it doesn't sound like from the question,
isn't asking you to pay for it,
I think that you don't have to feel any kind of guilt
or over any kind of like remorse.
But what happened, because you know, accidents happen.
Now, if you had like gotten really mad
because no pizza was delivered
and you'd smash the TV on the ground,
it's a different scenario.
Yeah, and also the fact that he doesn't want to replace it
with the 45 inch tells me this is just somebody
who's got a hankering to buy a new TV.
And it's pretty exciting.
They might have put that green ooze on there themselves
because it doesn't make a damn lick of sense otherwise.
Oh, you think they, maybe they jellied up,
maybe they jellied up the base
before you started carrying it.
And then slippy, slip, slip on that raspberry jam.
Oops-a-daisies.
Oops-a-daisies, well, that's on you, Derek.
Here's the TV I want.
I have a coupon for it right here in my pocket.
Isn't that weird?
I think you're gonna want to go with this 50 inch.
The blacks are real black.
It's got really good clarity.
The sound's just amazing.
And there's just plenty of green ooze in there.
Now you want to be careful
because if that green ooze gets loose,
it will ruin the TV and curse you forever.
But you're gonna love the definition.
Everything you do to destroy this,
let's just call it what it is, monster blood,
is only gonna make it double in size and volume.
But that's 1082 peas, so yeah.
That ooze gets you that two extra peas.
And nobody's quite sure what peas are still,
like to this day.
But I think they,
when you're watching the Civil War on it,
it just makes it.
You're gonna love it.
But again, if it is released,
it's gonna eat your friends,
it's gonna eat your babysitter,
and every person that eats,
it's gonna make a morning snack.
Your dog's gonna eat some of it
and it's gonna taste like lime jello,
but then that dog, kiss goodbye.
Yeah, it's gonna turn into a monster doggie.
You're gonna have to kill it with a pickaxe.
Yep.
It'll be $450, please.
This is a good book.
By the way, I'd read this book.
My favorite Goosebumps books are Camp Nightmare,
the Choose Your Own Adventure one set in the amusement park,
and then The Slime Time.
Oops, Derek, I fucked up.
TV shopping.
My favorite is The Beast,
which is a book Arlstein wrote,
but does not, because it's set in King's Island,
a favorite haunt of ours as a young man,
but it is not in the officially licensed
Goosebumps franchise, I guess you could say.
It's too explicit.
I like his sex romp, Fifty Shades of Green,
and this one is, they have sex with monster blood?
Okay, well, listen, that's gonna do it for us.
Thank you so much for listening to our program,
my brother, my brother, and me.
Don't go anywhere, we have huge news.
Huge news. Oh, sorry, yes.
Don't change that dial.
This is huge.
This is huge.
We've got two big, big, big live shows,
and they're happening very, very, very soon.
Unnervingly soon, I would say.
Well, Travis, why don't you tell everybody?
You seem very excited about it.
It is June 3rd and June 4th,
so like three weeks from now. Less than a fucking month, yeah.
On June 3rd, Friday, June 3rd,
we are going to be in Washington, D.C.,
and on June 4th, we are going to be in New York City.
I know we should have maybe been more explicit last time.
I feel bad, actually, on how much we goofed on people,
but we've never been to Washington, D.C. before,
and we have a ton of listeners there.
At least I fucking hope we do.
Barry Obama called and said, please come do a show.
I really want to see it.
I'm like, what are we going to do, say no?
D.C., June 3rd, we're going to be at the Lincoln Theater.
You can find tickets for that show
at bit.ly slash M-B-M-B-A-M-D-C, 2016.
Bit of a convoluted URL, but I bet it's the best we can do.
Well, that's only because I assume
we'll be doing D.C. in 2017 and 2018 and 2019
when everybody rolls up and shows us their love.
Again, I would say we'll never go again,
so you better make it count.
Again, Lincoln Theater, June 3rd, Friday, June 3rd,
bit.ly slash M-B-M-B-A-M-D-C, 2016,
and then New York City, Saturday, June 4th.
New York City!
Okay, we're going to be at the PlayStation Theater,
which is very exciting.
Can't wait to hang out with Crash Bandicoot.
Playing Uncharted 4.
Can't wait to hang out with Crash Bandicoot,
all my friends.
That's bit.ly slash M-B-M-B-A-M-N-Y-C, 2016.
You can find tickets for there.
And when do the tickets go on sale, Trav?
They go on sale May 13th, that's this Friday,
at noon Eastern Standard Time.
So last time we came to New York,
we played at a theater that was like 90 seats,
and we sold out literally instantly.
PlayStation Theater is much, much bigger.
I have no idea how quickly they're going to sell in D.C.,
but hopefully it won't be as big a shit show,
but we cannot add extra shows to the docket.
It's just these two, so get your tickets fast.
And also just know that in the past,
we don't put the tickets on sale.
They go on sale from the venue.
So that noon, we tried to really push the people
to wait till noon, but it wouldn't hurt
maybe to start checking in 15 minutes beforehand
just to see if they're live yet.
We've had issues with that in the past, so just heads up.
We also are, it's not just gonna be us.
That would be boring.
We are going to be joined at both shows
by Saw Bones, a marital tour of misguided medicine
that I co-host with my wife, Sydney,
and we've got special podcast guests
for different, for both of the shows, right?
Yes, that is correct.
In New York City, you're gonna be able to see
Still Buffering before Saw Bones,
and then in D.C., you're gonna get to see Schmanners,
which is the show that I do with my wife
about etiquette in the modern world.
It'll be our first live show.
We're very, very, very excited.
Yeah, first for Still Buffering, too,
so that's gonna be huge, big, big shows,
three podcasts for the price of one.
It's gonna be a lot of fun.
Now, if you wanna see a live Rosebuddies,
you tell me what the fuck that looks like.
You just tell me how to fucking do that.
Do we spend an hour making the audience
watch an episode of The Bachelor before we talk about it?
I don't know, I don't know.
It's the eternal puzzle.
We'll also tweet when the tickets go live, so just make sure.
Just don't sleep on it,
because I'm pretty sure they're reserved seats,
so don't sleep on it, just buy your tickets.
If you got questions for us,
send to nbmbam at maximumfun.org.
Travis already mentioned mackerelroyshows.com.
There's a lot of other great max fun shows.
Beef and Dairy Network is like my favorite new thing.
It's so funny.
Listen to it, it's like 10 minutes long.
I also wanna say, Dear Hank and John,
the podcast that Hank Green and John Green do,
they've plugged us a couple times,
and it's a really great show.
It is a fantastic show.
And they're absolutely lovely people.
It's like our show if we were geniuses.
Had anything to fucking offer the world.
I got to hang out with Hank.
He did an episode of Can I Pet Your Dog?
And he's just an absolutely lovely human being.
So thank you to them, and go check out their show.
Thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters,
who used for a theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It is such a good album.
I started listening to When I Pretend to Fall a lot,
which is weird, it's not usually a summer album.
That's more of a fall, winter album for me,
but it's a wonderful album, go check it out.
And we have merch on Max Fun Store.
It's maxfunstore.com, you can find it all there.
Perfect, that's gonna do it for us.
Griffin, do you have a final Yahoo to sing this album?
Hell yes, sent in by riding high Zoe Kinski.
Thank you Zoe, it's by Yahoo Answers user, Brian Cohen,
who asks, if animals don't want to be eaten,
why are they made of food?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
Did my brother, my brother and me kiss your dad?
Square on the lips.
Hey good girls, do you wanna just say, hey I wanna.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
You guys, I'm so excited to introduce to you
my new baby, Getting Curious with Jonathan Van Ness.
This is gonna be a really fun look at things
that I find curious, whether it's a menstrual cup,
it might be the Romanov family, it might be fracking,
it could be Carly Fiorina, I don't even know, who knows.
It's gonna be whatever I think is interesting.
I can't wait to bring it to you guys.
We're gonna be bringing in content experts.
I'm gonna be learning the things.
It's only gonna take about 30 minutes
for you to expand your baby brains with me
and have a super fun time, so I can't wait to see you
on our first episode of Getting Curious.
