The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Ladies and gentlemen, we are recording this on September 11, 2011, which is of course
10 years after the tragic terrorist attack on the World Trade Center. In times of strife,
we look to some of our generation's wisest men. You, you work all night, and when you work,
you don't feel all right. And when things stop feeling all right, and everything is all right,
we will never-
I'm gonna stop right here. It sounds like you're suggesting that people have a 9-11 party.
No, I'm not saying people need to have a 9-11 themed party. What I'm saying is,
in the face of opposition, in the face of tragedy, in the face of suffering,
we get a party going. Now it's time to party, and we'll party hard. Let's get a party going,
let's get a party going. When it's time to party, we will always party hard, party hard.
Party hard, party hard, party hard, party hard, party hard, party hard, party hard.
Let's do a show. This is my brother, my brother, me, in a vice show for the modern era,
undaunted by terrorism. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I am Griffin McElroy. You know, it's a shame.
What? Yeah.
You know, it's a real shame.
Yeah. We just talked about it.
Yeah. But also, I'm looking at the observances, because we forgot to do them last week,
and spoiler alert, we're gonna do them later this show, but I'm looking at the daily observances.
And September 11th has Patriot Day and Remembrance Day, which makes sense.
September 11th is how? Depending on your political affiliation, presumably.
September 11th is also National Hug Your Hound Day, and I feel like people, I feel like that,
I feel like there's a lot of unhugged hounds out there. I feel like they get lost in the shuffle.
Mm-hmm. Yes. Is it also called 9-11 Day? Am I making that up?
No, I think Patriot Day is-
9-11, wait, hold on, hold on.
I feel like I've heard it called 9-11 Day.
Are you suggesting to me that September 11th is also
colloquially or officially referred to as 9-11 Day?
This might only be at my local supermarket where they're offering 50% off American flags.
Still doing it, huh?
Mm-hmm. Still doing that thing.
And you know what? I think what I hate most about 9-11 Day is how commercial it's become.
It's just run by the greeting card and tiny American flag companies.
Here's a fun fact. This is one of those crazy years where September 11th is also
National Grandparents Day. It's the first Sunday after Labor Day that's today. It's September 11th.
And I feel like hounds and grandparents are going to be underappreciated on this most faithful day.
I think that's probably- I would say, you know what? Take your time,
think about the people we lost on that day, and go hug your grandpa.
Or go hug your grandpa's dog.
Peepums, I love you. I love you, Peepums, but my mind is in other places.
It's elsewhere.
Baxter, which is the name of my hound, I am also sorry to you, but I just don't have the bandwidth.
People are listening to this on September 12th, and in a way I feel like it's-
they try to cauterize today. Expurgation of pity and fear, just get it all out.
And then today we're like reopening it, like we're digging around in there.
And now they feel bad because they didn't hug a dog.
Good news tomorrow, people. It's National Boss Employee Exchange Day.
Can we take a moment to talk about the show Tomorrow People?
Yeah.
Yeah.
The Tomorrow People?
Yeah.
Today is National Tomorrow People Remembrance Day.
Remember that that was a pretty good show.
God, it was a wicked show.
It was a good show.
This is- our show is neither a September 11th memorial,
or a show about futuristic teens that can travel through time and space.
It's an advice show for the modern era.
And let's get into our first question.
I've started seeing this guy.
I like him a lot, and everything's going well.
But it's only been about two weeks, so it isn't very serious yet.
His birthday is in a couple weeks,
and I'm not sure what the expectation of me is this early in our relationship.
Do I buy him a gift?
Take him out to dinner?
Bake him a cake?
I'm still in school, so my budget is limited,
and I don't want to freak him out with something overly extravagant.
What's an appropriate birthday experience for a relationship
of not even a month my barely boyfriend's birthday?
Um, first off, I'm going to have to put the blame on you
for starting dating him at such a terrible time.
Yeah, don't start dating someone two weeks before their birthday,
or two weeks before Valentine's Day.
Or two weeks before Patriot Day.
Yep, it's a mistake.
Um, Christmas is the worst.
Because then there's all these expectations of like,
are you going to come over and like-
Oh yeah.
Chill with my fam, my peeps.
Then you have to worry about getting their family presents.
It's a little sticky morass.
This is my something.
Hey, I've had exactly 14 minutes of contact with you,
so I got you a walk in the clouds on DVD.
I think that don't take him to dinner,
because he's probably already got other plans.
Get him a gift.
That's cool, that's a cool bet.
Well you don't think he's going to do like a party
or his friends want to take him to drinks,
and he blows off his friends to go out to dinner
with his two-week girlfriend?
Well-
How was your birthday?
How was your birthday, Martin?
Uh, it was okay.
I'm super hungry.
I am just the most hungry,
because all my friends thought that the other friends
were going to take me to take me to Applebee's.
Pretty cool birthday.
I stayed in and I heated up a Marie Callender
stuffing and chicken and gravy in my stove,
and I ate it and I watched like half of Miss Congeniality 2.
To be fair, a Marie Callender pot pie is good at any time.
Except when it's your birthday and you're alone.
Except when it's your birthday
and you put a candle in it, unlit, and cry.
Oh, man.
Um, I think, okay, let's set a price point of gift.
What's the most you spend on a two-week boyfriend?
30.
You think 30?
Yeah.
30's too much.
20.
30 is too much?
Yeah, I would say a new release DVD, nothing more than that.
This is awkward, Travis, because you've just outed the fact
that I am rolling in so much Mad Scrilla,
and you've got some, you're working with table scraps.
Listen, it ain't about your budget.
It's about the statement you're making with the present.
It is completely and entirely about your budget.
No, if you go and like buy a really nice present
that they're not expecting, well, no, wait.
I take that back, because it's different
because you're not exchanging presents.
If you are a rich dude
and you spend more on your free-range toilet paper
than your gift for your two-week girlfriend,
you are actual.
Torture-free, torture-free toilet paper.
Torture-free TP.
I'm gonna say spend a lot of money, set a precedent.
If you set a precedent and spend a lot of money,
then next time it's his turn to give you a present,
you've set the precedent that you get each other awesome things.
Oh, man, that would be terrible.
No, wait, it wouldn't.
Honey, I got you this Zune HD for Easter.
Holy shit, it's Easter.
I just need some Cadbury ice,
and you went and you busted out a Zune HD.
You're the best.
That's one thing.
This is an awesome idea.
So go nice, do something awesome.
Yeah, go like really good.
I don't think anybody feels like,
okay, listen, what's your worry?
The worry is that if you have to split up,
it'll be weird.
Is that the thing?
I think our worry is that
she's gonna get him something too awesome
and he's gonna realize she likes him a lot.
Really, that's what it is.
Oh, fuck it.
Just throw your hat over the fence.
Go buy him a Zune HD.
Yeah, dude.
Draw a line in the sand and say,
this is for serious.
Hey, I bought you this discontinued touchpad.
It's $100.
That's good because that says nice gift,
but hey, I'm budget conscious.
I'm all about charging forward as fast
and recklessly as you possibly can.
Sure.
Buy him a house.
Buy him house on DVD.
That's good stuff.
Hey, I'm really friendly
and I like to make lots of different friends.
I consider a lot of people my BFF.
Well, that's a logical fallacy,
but my mom says that it is not possible
for me to have so many BFFs.
How many can I have without being excessive?
And that's from your BFF, Sarah.
Two.
What?
That's how many you can have
when you start to get excessive.
BFF is best.
That's a superlative.
Best friend forever.
You can literally, literally only have one BFF
because even if you had a BFF that you would
eventually fall out with,
you could replace with another BFF
at some point in your life.
This is your BFF.
You're saying the forever part is what is-
If you declare someone your BFF,
you are cryo locked.
Locked in.
I think what I do to get around that,
the loophole I use is to qualify everything
as like this is my best Cincinnati friend.
This is my best Huntington friend.
This is my best friend since second grade.
And I'll tell you,
as someone who's been on the receiving
end of one of those compliments,
they go down real smooth.
Oh no, it ain't about them.
It's about me.
Just making myself feel better.
What were you?
I was his favorite brother in Huntington.
This person isn't talking about
geographically locating these friends.
They're just, can they have more BFFs?
I'm gonna throw this out.
They literally can't.
I think the problem is that it's something
we've talked about before
and that we throw out words
without really thinking about what they mean.
And it's probably that you like these people,
that they are your friends,
but are they your best friend?
That seems like a stronger commitment
than you're really making here.
Like people that say,
I love my friends.
I love that guy.
I love this person.
And you're not thinking about what love means.
I think that your best friend
is a very special upper echelon thing
that you should save for someone
that's really important to you.
What I have done as I grew older
is I have sort of moved the goalpost back a little bit
in that I don't have that many friends.
I have many social acquaintances.
I have peers and cohorts and contemporaries.
But I don't have,
I've got like maybe five or six friends.
And then when it comes to like best friends,
I mean, man, if I had to pick,
that'd be tough.
A BFF?
I don't even think I'm old enough
for that kind of commitment.
No, it's a huge commitment.
People have to live in the world
for at least 30 years before you know what's up.
Yeah, just get less friends, everybody,
I think is the trick.
I just, you can't,
I don't care how many friends people have.
I don't care about telling people you love them even.
I would rather someone get divorced
and make those vows and then break them
than to have the English language
just sort of bandied about like a play thing.
If you say someone's your best friend forever,
you can never have another best friend
and you can never like someone,
like the use of the word forever
supersedes any sort of future relationships
that you might have.
That's forever.
And why can't people just be your friend?
Like who's sitting there going,
oh, so I'm just your friend,
not your best friend?
I see how it is.
And you can't,
you're not gonna be my best friend in two infinity?
Oh, okay, fine, whatever.
See if I loan you any DVDs again,
if I loan you any DVDs again.
Justin, I'm interested in another thing
you just said about BFFs being stronger
than a matrimonial bond.
Is there any way that we can incorporate that
into the terminology of marriage?
For instance, would you consider Sydney
to be your best wife forever?
Yes.
Well, Sydney's also my BFF.
I made that commitment.
I bought her a second BFF ring that she wears.
And when you put them together,
it spells best friends forever
and you have half of the heart
and she has half of the heart.
Exactly, yes.
Yeah.
You should marry your BFF.
That's why I'm saying,
don't throw these words around.
Like they don't mean anything.
They do.
I think you should be forced to marry your BFF,
whether it is your partner or your friend.
Oh, man, that's so good.
There should be a ceremony with a priest
and like you get a license and everything.
So like at age 13,
you're like, oh, Michael, you are my BFF.
And then like 20 years later,
it's like, I gotta marry Michael.
Yep.
He's a bro and I'm a bro and I'm not down,
but like, sorry, Michael.
But then the nice thing is
you get all of the wedding presents
and you have a really nice reception.
Sure.
And you know what?
Maybe Michael is the one.
Yeah, maybe that's what you learned.
Maybe that's what you learned about yourself.
Everybody's best friend is Jesus.
That's what I'm saying to you,
is your best friend forever is Jesus.
The only reason you should say someone is your BFF
is if you are trying to show off.
Like if you say,
like, I don't think BFF is something
I would say to make that person feel special,
but I would tell it to somebody else
to make myself feel good.
Like, oh, hero pilot, Sully Sullenberg,
he is my BFF.
And they would think-
Oh, John Stamos?
John Stamos?
He's my BFF.
He is my bestest best friend forever, ever.
Yes.
He's my BFF.
I love John Stamos so much.
Hey, do you guys want to Yahoo?
Yes, please.
Always.
This one was sent in by...
This one.
This one was sent in by Jesse Thorn.
Thank you, Jesse.
It's by Yahoo Answers user,
Miserable Little Smug Bastard.
Oh, oh my.
Who asks, ladies.
Already winning.
Ladies, if someone paid you $300,000 or pounds
to sit on a real human skull,
would you sit on it?
What?
Would you cross your legs?
If you did, you would get an extra 300,000.
I have actually asked this question before.
Sincerely, Skeletor.
Love, Jack Skellington.
So many questions.
First off, ladies,
if you pick the $300,000 above the 300,000 pounds,
then you are a rube.
Yeah, I was going to say conversion rate.
I think maybe that's it.
It's like a deal or no deal thing.
Like you could take the $300,000 or...
Or 600,000 if you cross your legs while you do it.
Or you can get it in pounds
and have to spend 10 minutes getting it converted at a bank.
Yeah, but that's an awkward story to tell the cashier.
Hey, how'd you get these 600,000 pounds?
I sat on a real human skull.
These smell like calcium and taint.
Are you one of those bone jockeys?
Are you a bone jockey?
You're people sick of me.
Hey, Carl, we got another one.
Look at this one.
She sat on a human skull.
She got boned.
She got boned.
And then they all chuckle, chuckle.
There are so many questions.
God damn it.
Is this skull inside of skin and muscles of a living human being?
Is it a last request kind of thing?
Is this how someone wants to get buried?
It's what I'm saying.
Is this a Devo video?
Are we talking about a Devo?
Is this a Devo right now?
Are you pulling a Devo on us?
How much?
Like a bloody Devo?
Why does the price point start out at $300,000?
Why wouldn't you, why wouldn't you haggle up?
I just noticed in the related questions on the sidebar.
This question by miserable little smug bastard.
Ladies, if someone paid you $100,000 or pounds to sit on a real human skull, would you do it?
He's driving a hard bargain.
What do I have to say to get you on this skull
before you leave today?
If you're offended by this question, then ignore it.
Would you cross your legs?
If you did, you would get extra.
It would be the skull of a serial killer.
You laughed that out when you brought it to $300,000.
He's trying to, he's driving a deal.
He's trying to make this happen.
Griffin, what is this username again?
Miserable little smug bastard.
Miserable little smug bastard.
He's like, he's been negotiating this.
For all his foibles, he's a pretty smart negotiator.
He started low and made a serial killer skull.
He's like a, he's like a Ron Popeil.
Like, okay, I'll take out.
It's no longer a serial killer skull, just a regular skull.
Just a real human skull.
And also this set of Sham Wows.
Yeah, I will throw in a solid flavor injector.
Oh God.
Would you slap chop a real human skull for, I'm gonna bump it up to 400K.
You do have to sit on it before, but afterwards,
you'll slap chop it into non-existence.
It would just be dust.
I will sit on two horse skulls for 50K.
You know, I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that this is one of those circumstances
where I would rather that this were not a hypothetical question.
Because if he had some purpose behind this,
for some reason that makes it okay than him just sitting around wondering.
Travis, the amount of work that he has put into negotiating,
just yelling into the internet, it has to have been resolved, right?
It has to, it has to have happened.
It has to have, has to have happened by now.
Do you realize how much money 300,000?
What would I not do for $300,000 or pounds?
Cause sit on a real human skull?
Yes.
It ain't on that list.
Yeah, I would make the skull.
I would.
Knife and waiting.
I would turn the person into a skull is what I'm saying.
I'm such a fucking sucker though,
because that first time around when he's like 100K,
I would have jumped at it.
You would have taken it.
I wouldn't even thought to hold off.
You gotta check the trade magazines.
What's the going rate right now?
For a, you know, I actually got a Groupon for sitting on a human skull.
Yeah, a bunch of my friends and I are going to do it for 50K.
The problem is-
The same skull?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's the same skull.
So there's always a huge line.
You really gotta-
And after a while, you know, yeah, it gets warm.
That skull is pretty rowdy.
The thing is, is he doesn't even clarify and say like,
you have to be nude or it has to be set.
He just wants you to sit on it, cross your legs and get off and leave.
Can we, let's talk about the crossing the legs thing.
Is he wanting us to incubate this skull?
Like a, like a, like a mama bird?
Keep it secret, keep it safe.
You get $300,000.
But he doesn't say naked.
So what he's saying is just sit on, just-
You just roll up in your mom jeans, sit on it, cross your legs, get off, leave.
Get out of here.
Get your money.
I need to know, can a human skull support the weight of a fully grown adult woman?
It takes like 14 pounds of pressure to-
We are, we are just skeletons with a big egg on top of our necks.
So it's just a big egg in there.
It's just a big, it's just like a big stupid egg in there.
And it's, if a human being, if it was like a tiny, if it was a baby maybe, but-
Oh, maybe he's doing that like age old, like seventh grade science experiment
where you have to like build a bridge to like save an egg.
You know what I mean?
And like, you have to walk across it and see if it destroys the egg.
There was so much goddamn dumb stuff in that sentence.
You just say, it'll take us a week to tear it apart.
It was, it was a seven layer bar of dumb shit.
You know, an egg bridge.
You know, egg bridge.
I saw it on Mr. Wizard.
Five different science projects.
I was like, you know, an egg bridge.
And then you put baking soda on it and-
And then it's a volcano.
It's a volcano.
I'll never forget the events of September 11th, 2001 when a volcano bridge burned down an egg.
Jimmy, your book report sucks.
A book report?
What book is he?
Your book, Jimmy, your book report on the 9-11 commission is the worst I've ever read.
Did you even read it?
You didn't, did you?
Thank you. I did not.
Myth and legend.
You know that in like a hundred years, myth and legend.
That's all.
There will be no excellent records.
It'll be so open to interpretation.
I've seen enough futuristic movies to know.
Oh, God damn it.
Let's stop talking about sitting on skulls.
Because it's literally making my grundle uncomfortable.
Like, just the thought of trying to perch myself on a cranium.
I don't think it would feel good.
No, I wouldn't think so.
But you know what would feel great?
I could buy myself a new grundle with 300k.
Or 300 pounds.
Jesus Christ.
This guy, this fucking guy.
Do you think he's normal in his day to day?
You think it's somebody really nice and well respected?
Do you think it's Tom Hanks?
Oh, couldn't-
Wouldn't you believe it if somebody was like,
yeah, he's a great actor and like, he's a real sweetheart.
He's got this one thing.
My wife and I have a four month old son who will soon be celebrating his first Halloween.
And we are at a disagreement as to what kind of costume our child should wear.
My wife wants him to be dressed as an animal such as a turkey, a skunk, or a monkey.
I would prefer to dress him as something cool and nerdy.
This is where I need your sagely advice.
Can you give me some cool and nerdy costume ideas
with which to put this argument to rest?
And that's from Kevin.
I got a cool nerdy one.
Do a genetic hybrid of all three of those animals.
Go- go as a most skirky.
This is my son Skylar.
He's dressed as a most skirky.
Just- Justin, that is a-
I almost made a furry joke and I didn't.
Would you say-
Are you happy with the level of restraint that I have adopted since I started doing this show?
Yeah, we made a 9-11 joke 30 seconds ago.
We won't make a furry gag.
How is that?
You're welcome.
How's your sensitivity?
Not great.
I'd sit on a most skirky skull for you.
Your son is going to be-
Let's see, if he's four months old now, he'll be like six months at Halloween.
I think he's gonna need to go as Ash from Evil Dead.
That would be good.
A little fake wig.
What about a zygote?
Who would get a real kick out of that?
You could do a combination costume with the mom
and do the alien popping out of the stomach as an alien.
You guys are not thinking like problem solvers right now.
What you gotta do is you gotta have a nerdy, cool costume that is also an animal.
And the answer is Bucky O'Hare.
Oh, yeah.
Bucky O'Hare.
I love it.
Got a rabbit in there, but he's also got a space gun.
Are there any other cool nerdy-
You could go as the cat from Red Dwarf for this one.
Cool nerdy animal.
A ninja turtle.
That is a-
That's a-
I could go as a biker mouse from Mars.
Loving it.
You could go as a llama, but also it's Doctor Who.
Okay, so hold on.
Let's explore this.
Is this a-
Is this a time king?
Yes, it's a time king.
A time king llama?
Time king is a-
No, no, a regeneration-
Okay, Doctor Who-
Okay, so like-
Was dying.
Matt Smith, Doctor Who dies.
Matt Smith dies.
He regenerates as a llama.
The only thing nearby, he funnels the regeneration energy into the llama to try to cast it off,
and it becomes a Time Lord llama, and you dress your baby like that.
Does the llama speak English?
Well, if it's near enough to the TARDIS, of course.
Okay, great.
And translate all languages.
Does it remain on two legs, or does it become like a-
Are we talking about a joke?
Cool.
Does it need to-
Well, it depends on how much ground it needs to cover.
If it needs to cover ground quickly, it will run on all four legs.
I hope someone somewhere at BBC is listening to this, because we've just figured out the
next series.
Yeah.
I've always thought that that show needed a little extra spice.
That's llama.
Yeah, time king llama.
And that spice is apparently a desert pack mule.
Yeah, I think it would go great.
Here's a fun suggestion.
I think it's fun for the whole family.
Dress your kid like a doggy, and then put it in a cage, and then leave it home, and
go get drunk.
What?
Party for Halloween.
The spirits are out tonight.
Me and mom going out, and you're gonna be all right in your cage we made for you.
Just throw some candy in there.
It'll be fine.
Throw some candy in the clothes hanger cage that we made for you.
You just re-bend them.
You just bend them in the bar.
These babies aren't strong.
It won't take long.
Just go out and get drunk with mom.
You guys deserve it.
You've earned the night off.
It's 10 p.m.
Do you know where your baby is?
Yes, in a cage.
He's in the baby dog.
It's okay.
You dress up like a dog.
He's a baby dog.
That makes it better.
The kind of irreparable harm you've done to your relationship by arguing about costumes.
You've got to get on a retreat.
And by a retreat, I mean go to Shakey's and get you drunk.
Make sure you take lots of pictures of that too,
so that when your kid turns 18 and kills everyone he knows,
you can show those pictures to the news.
Just throw some Alpo in the cage and go get your drunk.
Get that drunk.
Mr. Stevenson, I'm sorry I'm placing you under arrest.
Your son was locked in a cage unsupervised.
What the fuck?
That's a dog.
That's a dog.
That is actually your child in a dog.
Well, color me embarrassed, officer.
Look at his nose.
I have painted it brown like a dog's nose is brown.
I have-
Officer, you are terrible at improv games.
I- yeah, you're supposed to say yes.
And we buy-
Yes, and.
Yes, and.
Yes, and my baby's a dog in cage.
Yes, and do you want some of this beer?
I have extra because we have so much in us.
Do you want a brewski?
And we'll forget about this.
And also, forget about the kid, he's fine for another hour or so.
Let's go play some foosball.
Let's go play-
Let's go foos it up, copper.
And then it turns out that the cop is a baby dressed as a cop.
Incepted.
Baby police, you just got busted by the highest authority in the land.
Baby police?
Baby police are the highest authority in the land.
Sentient babies.
We are under baby martial law.
It's adorable.
And also restrictive.
This is a baby police state.
All TVs will watch Nick Jr.
All things will go boring when you hit them.
The cow says moo, you say nothing.
I snap my fingers, you pull out a tit.
This is baby law.
We're running things now.
You know, I would watch a legal drama called Baby's Law
where it's just about a baby lawyer.
Baby law and baby order?
Yeah!
No, if we don't need-
If there's-
Okay, if there's baby martial law,
baby order doesn't have any place in it.
How about baby chaos?
Baby chaos?
That, you know, you mean babyarchy.
Babyarchy.
Babyarchy, yes, thank you.
Babies don't grow up to be adults because this is what you do.
You think about baby anarchy.
Which is adorable and terrifying at the same time.
Hey, can we-
I want to take a brief hiatus here to tell you about the text
that I just got from my father, our father.
Did you guys get-
Me too, yes.
Okay, so he just sent a text that says, in quotes,
it says, what day is it, son? What day?
What could that-
Is that a reference to the hit film We Are Marshall?
I think it is.
I think it has to be.
I think the response to that is football day or something.
No, listen, listen, let's explain this
because people are going to think our dad is like some sort of crazy 9-11 guy.
I don't think he knows it's 9-11.
I think the three of us should probably text him.
I'm texting right now and I'm asking him if he means September 11th.
Okay, hold on, let's all take a moment.
We need to text him back because I don't want our dad
walking through the day with a spring in his step.
It's game day!
Hey, everybody, are you excited?
Okay, my message is sent.
I've been looking forward to today for so long.
Yeah, it seems like it's been 10 years since this last happened,
by which I mean football.
I love football, getting the points, scoring points.
I get all the points.
Should we even address the fact that we are in a family football pool?
It seems like such a ridiculous...
Oh, my God.
No one will believe it.
If someone can give us some advice on what teams are going to win each week.
Do you know how I pick my teams?
How I pick the winner?
I read them out loud to Teresa and said,
which city do you like better?
Oh, yeah?
That was my method.
Now, if I win, God bless it, it'll be awesome.
Take it to the dog track.
Yeah.
I think that the three of us should have some sort of on-air agreement
to the winner should have to do something and the loser should have to do something.
Okay, here's what it is.
Put some skin in the game, because I feel like this is a kind of low pressure situation.
The last one to forget that we're doing it and stop picking teams is the winner.
That hangs in there the longest and continues to make their picks unabated.
I think that would be good.
I failed on that in previous years, and I think that I'm going to hang in there this year.
I think that this is the year I stick with it.
I've already told myself I'm going to watch every single Packers game,
and it's going to be trying.
It's going to be difficult, you guys.
I will watch at least one football game that's not the Super Bowl.
That's my commitment.
I feel like we joke about not watching sports a lot.
I think it's time we reverse it, our position.
We joke about how much we love sports.
We joke about how much we love sports, but we don't know.
Do we actually have to watch sports?
Yeah, I think we should watch more sports is what I'm saying.
Okay, here's what it is.
Somebody on Twitter, after listening to the show,
tell me what team I should follow and why, and I'll do it.
That's how committed I am to this.
You bring it, I'll do it.
I don't care.
You should follow the Reds.
We'll take a vote.
I follow the Reds.
You should also follow the Bengals, maybe, because you also-
It's a new day. We'll let Twitter pick.
Just make sure when you're telling Travis what team he should follow,
use that NBNBM hashtag, and go ahead and put a link out to our sampler.
Bit.ly forward slash smoothing bam.
People love it.
People go crazy for it.
Hey, what I'm doing right now is shilling, and like Kurt Shilling,
popular sports star who I enjoy, still pitching.
See, Griffin, sports.
He pretty sure does not pitch anymore, does he?
I don't think he pitched ever.
Here is what the response from Clint.
Okay, well, I was going for a game day.
Gotta play till the last whistle blows.
But there's your thing, too.
Let's go to the Money Zone.
This week on the Money Zone, the driver is Duodater.
Oh, fuck yeah.
Okay.
Okay. Sorry, go ahead.
You seem wicked excited about duodater.com.
So this is crazy.
My group of friends here in Austin had come up with this idea for a website
where couples would go on dates with each other to make it
like as low-precious a situation as they possibly could.
Only they called it Wings, W-Y-N-G-Z, like wingman.
And then they later found out that that site already existed,
and it's called Duodater.
So Duodater is a, here's the idea.
It can be a little uncomfortable going out, you know, with a complete stranger.
So what you do is you have a friend and you go on double dates with them.
So it's like a dating website, but for like double date instead of late.
Yeah, that's awesome.
Yeah, like pairs of dudes meet pairs of girls, and it's like comfortable.
Your friend's there.
It's a way more, you know, relaxed situation.
And then it all ends up in a hot tub and where it goes from there.
Is there an option for an established guy-girl couple
to meet up with another guy-girl couple and just make a fuck pile?
Do the old swap-rooney.
Oh, at fuckpile.com.
Yeah, you'll want fuckpile.com for that.
Boy, we need to register that one if that's not already.
Yeah, but Duodater is a really cool idea,
and you can go to duodater.com and just get your best bro.
Do work out a hand sign for if you think you're going to be able to get some sex
and you're going to need your friend to peel off.
Like if you're going to need them to split the duo, like you have to have like,
I think you have to have two keys that you insert at the same time and turn
and it splits the duo and then one duo can go make whoopee and the other one can have aqua coffee.
Actually, if you try to do that, a Duodater officer will come and stop you.
It's a baby officer.
You have to preserve the sanctity of their website's moniker.
Also, Duodater, I feel like you owe us some residuals because that is totally wings.
With a Z.
With a Z.
So crazy if they follow us and that's...
Thank you, Duodater.
Thank you, Duodater.
Griffin.
Oh, fuck, I need to write a song for him.
Yeah.
Hold on, Duodater.
See, I just keep wanting to sing about wings and I feel like that that would be...
You could sing about the TV show Wings.
What's better than going on a date with someone you don't know?
Going on a date with two people that you don't know
and one friend who's got your back.
That's the idea behind Duodater.
It was the idea behind Wings first, then they stole it, and that's okay with me.
That's okay with me.
Visit Duodater.com and get your ideas stolen.
They're a bunch of fucking Inception mind thieves.
I'm sure that was...
That was way angrier than I meant it to be.
You think that's what they had planned on?
I'm sorry about the jingle that I wrote for you.
I should have talked more about your goods and services.
Please accept my apologies.
My roommate and I are pretty good friends.
We watch movies and TV together, eat meals together, play games with each other, etc.
But sometimes I just want some time to myself, go in my bedroom and close the door,
but he always stops by to ask what I'm doing if I want to hang out.
I end up making an excuse, like saying I'm not feeling well, I'm working on something.
But really, I just want some peace and quiet.
I don't like lying to him, so is there some way I can tell him
I want to be left alone without hurting his feelings?
That's from Bothered in Berkeley.
So how do I jerk off in a room and with a roommate?
That's what he's saying.
It's tricky.
You gotta fake a nap.
Yep, I'm taking a nap.
It's gonna last about 15 minutes.
It's pretty short for a nap.
But long enough for the other thing.
Don't you tell.
It's a secret forever.
Don't you ever tell.
God, it is, it is, it is, it is tough.
See, I don't know though, because I got lucky because my roommate in college and I
seem to be on the same schedule of like, hang out, hang out, hang out,
and then we break to our rooms and leave each other alone, you know?
Like, we'd watch TV together for a while,
and then we just kind of simultaneously get bored with each other.
What roommate is this?
That was Brent.
Brent O'Floss.
Hit internet personality Brent O'Floss.
Yes.
The problem is you could be friends with your roommate.
You should be friends with your roommate, but you shouldn't be their only friend.
And that sounds like the kind of situation that you have going on.
You shouldn't either, but you should not be FF with your roommate before you get married.
It sounds like, yeah, it sounds like you're kind of filling a lot of roles
for your roommate if he or she wants to spend like every second with you.
Yeah, yeah, I would say that honestly, in this case, I think it's best to be honest.
Just say like, no, I'm just going to hang out by myself.
I just need some time right now.
But what if they're like, oh, come on?
What if you scheduled time?
Like if you said, hey, don't forget tonight, you know,
Tyler's and Tiara's at 10 o'clock.
Oh, I like that actually.
And so that way you've set a time that you're going to hang out.
So up until then.
Well, at that point, Travis, at that point, you are dating them.
Well, yeah, I mean, it sounds like you are anyways.
They're just really needy.
Yeah, and you don't get your thing touched.
You know what you should do?
Oh, synergy.
Do a date with them.
Oh, fuck.
Go on a do a date with them and then they're done with you.
Yeah, I love that.
Go on a do a date with them.
We need to get do a date on this show so we can talk about like,
I want to know about this statistic.
I want to know about the best practices.
Like how often do two dude couples, a dude couple and a lady couple,
or two pairs of oppositely gendered friends, go on a do a date?
Go on a do a date, but with intent?
Like, do you think they assign who gets who at the beginning?
Like I get Susan, you get Margaret.
And then you get down there, you get on the fucking ground,
and then like you want to swap, and then you swap.
I bet that happens like 75% of the time.
What if you did like the two pairs were a guy and a girl and a guy and a girl?
So it's like a female best friend and a male best friend.
Then they're like, they're getting each other's backs.
That could also happen.
There's so many sexy options.
I love this.
I like that one better, actually, because it's like
like that there's not any other option.
There's no other way.
Oh, but you know what?
You guys know how that one ends, right?
Oh, then they realize they're in love with each other.
They actually call that the Tom Hanksman grind.
You can get that combo.
It is at a discounted rate.
Oh, that's nice.
Because you should have realized it in the first place, you dummy.
As much as I appreciate Duodater, I have bad news,
and that is that I have opened up triodater.com.
And just your, your, your fuck pile expands by 50%.
That is a 50% spread on the fuck pile.
We got sex math right there.
You can't deny it.
Oh God, I love the phrase sex math now.
Do you?
Cause I got, I got, I got skeezed out a little bit.
Yeah, a little bit.
The whole fuck while thing is really grossing me out.
I'll tell you why it's grossing me out.
Because when Scriven said triodater,
I almost said you ever wanted to, uh,
date three brothers who do a comedy podcast.
Oh no.
And then Scriven took it to-
Well, you took it to the weird place of sexums.
You want me to like fucking, like,
throw a picnic by the lake and then-
You're talking like a Chase fuck pile.
Yeah, Chase, we're going to sit around.
We're going to, you bring your parasols
while the gentlemen play bocce ball.
What's wrong with a picnic?
Why does it have to be a sexnik?
Why can't it just be a regular picnic?
A dicknik.
You're thinking of a dicknik.
Yeah.
So your roommate, um, just have that conversation with him
and he'll never want to hang out with you again.
Just play this last segment for them.
Yeah.
Say, this is-
I nod at him a lot and smile.
I'm not kidding.
Duo date with him.
Duodater.com.
I love it.
I think it's a great idea.
You know what else is great?
Yeah, get him out of the house.
Here's another great idea.
Get in a circle of people.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Catherine Mrow.
Mrow.
What?
M-R-A-U-L-E.
If anyone has a better way of pronouncing this name.
Apparently I pronounced somebody's name wrong last week.
I am off my game.
If you can say that last name without sounding like a bear,
I will give you a dollar out of my pocket.
Now what's the question?
It's asked by Yahoo Lady, who asks,
this one might be too gross.
We'll see.
How is that penis put inside vagina will be held all the night during sleep time?
What?
I really don't know if that is a good or bad for my health and my partner's health,
either if he puts his penis inside my vagina all the night.
What a love.
That would be my first time like that.
What?
What a love.
So what are you saying?
What Yahoo Lady?
I'm going to be straight up, guys.
I have a problem of falling asleep while cuddling.
Yeah.
Let alone.
Let me get...
Let me just...
OK.
Night.
Is this good for you?
You set the alarm?
Good night.
Sweet dreams.
Don't shift around too much, please.
Please don't roll over.
I had the weirdest dream.
You cannot imagine the dream I had.
Hey, I love you.
I love you.
I love you, too.
Do you want to fall asleep in this manner?
I just devise.
There's no love that great.
There's no love.
No, it doesn't even seem like sexy at all.
It just seems like utilitarian, like put it in and let's go to bed.
Like, what?
What?
That's weird.
That's very weird.
Listen, I have chronic wiener coldness.
It is a real thing not invented.
Can you help a brother out?
Can you swaddle my wiener, please?
I don't see anything weird about this.
Nothing weird about it.
Just tuck him in and let's go to bed.
Just swaddle me with you.
For $300,000, would you swaddle a skull all night?
Can we please, please, please, God, I've never wanted anything in my life as much as I want
to get my own sex term coined, and that is swaddling.
And that is when you enter a lady and then you just zonk it for eight.
And then doze off.
Get your foot on purpose.
Get your 40 winks and get your tiddly winks.
With swaddling, the new thing that exists.
God, I can't wait till it gets on Seinfeld.
What a love.
What a loving man.
What a love.
I ask it.
Your love is so great that it's killed my belief in it, in the concept.
So I guess it's a pretty good love.
God Vulcanon responded.
I know some friends who do this.
What?
They actually cuddle with him inside her all night long.
I don't see anything wrong with it so long as you're both clean.
No reason to get a yeast infection over this.
What?
What?
Hey, if you want to do this all night, odds are that's not healthy for you.
Here's my problem.
Once you have penetrated, once you have kicked off the swaddle, you are no longer cuddling.
Sorry, that's no longer cuddling.
You're fucking.
You are fucking at that point.
Hey, here's a funny story.
For my formative years, I thought this is what spooning was.
And you were thinking of swaddling.
I was thinking of swaddling.
I confused swaddling and spooning.
Oh, man, you could have been the creator of this new hate sex sensation.
I could have made the t-shirt for everybody.
That is wholly upsetting.
That is entirely upsetting.
You know what's even more upsetting?
That this person, the answerer, claims that their friends tell them about it.
Hey, Debbie and I had a fun night last night.
Hey, let me tell you about my Tuesday.
I'm in no way ashamed or secretive about this.
We went and saw Contagion, got some great Thai food,
and then I fell asleep with my wiener in her.
It was great.
Oh, that's called swaddling.
I didn't even know I thought we invented it.
Hey, Urban Dictionary, what's up?
You're saying it's a new sex sensation that's sweeping the nation.
Swaddling.
Swaddling.
If that's not in Urban Dictionary by Friday, I'll be despondent.
I will burn you.
And then soon it will be in every R&B song.
Or at least every R. Kelly song, at the very least.
Hey, when this episode airs, I'll be in a truck with my dad,
driving from San Antonio, Texas, to Georgetown, Massachusetts,
with a number of stops in between.
Brothers, what are some good ways to keep up morale on the long and tiring road?
And that's from Fred.
That's a long drive.
It is a long drive.
If you get on a long stretch where there's no other cars or people around,
and like, you know, it's a long drive,
and it's just flat, bad land all over the place,
pretend you're in a post-apocalyptic world where you're the only ones left.
I feel like that could be pretty epic.
Keep up morale.
Keep up morale.
Keep up morale.
I don't think that fits the bill.
Just recreate that book, The Road, by Norm MacDonald.
I do not think so.
Rory McClure.
Rold Dollarson.
Rold Roger.
Rold Dr. Seuss.
Tony Hawk.
You know what did it for me on my drive from Chicago to Austin?
Was just podcasts.
My friend was in the car,
and we just listened to podcasts pretty much the entire way down.
And like, I'm not saying, like, listen to our podcasts.
I'm saying listen to-
I'm saying listen-
I am saying listen to our podcasts.
Well, if you-
And now, Travis, when Travis went to-
When Travis went to Louisville to see Point Break Lie with me,
what podcast did you listen to to help pass the time?
Oh, we listened to our own podcast.
I listened to our podcast.
Did you really?
Yes, I did.
Travis, that is creepy.
With his girlfriend in the car.
No, I don't believe so.
With your girlfriend-
Baby, baby, here comes my favorite goof I did.
Listen, I did it so good.
Well, she hadn't heard the episodes,
and she wanted to listen to them.
But you were in the car giving, like, director's commentary?
Like, here's what I was thinking.
No, she would actually ask questions and I'd shush her.
Questions and I'd shush her, like, just listen.
Shush, shush, shush, shush.
Just listen.
We explained all that.
You talked during Justin's part and Griffin's part.
This is my-
Not during this guy's.
Not during this guy's.
I think the best thing about listening to podcasts,
because I just told my friend about this-
Is when you talk in them?
Yes, is that for those long, awkward pauses
where you can't think of anything to say
with your traveling companion,
podcasts are like other people are having the conversation
for you in the car and you don't have to say anything.
It's great.
It's better than music in that respect, I think,
because it fills up the conversation voids.
And it can also give you a lot of new stuff to talk about.
Don't be afraid to pause and talk,
because that can really help pass the time.
Especially with podcasts like How Stuff Works and Radio Lab,
where, like, they're talking about interesting ideas.
You know what I mean?
I think it's great conversation starters.
Sometimes I listen to Radio Lab with a friend,
and then we have entire discussions about
how to pronounce Jad Abumrad's name.
Yeah, I always say Applerod.
I say Abum-RAD.
Here's another one, Meth.
Yeah.
Yeah, makes it fly by.
Just chomp it down like trail mix.
Also, trail mix.
It's a great snack for the road
when you're on the trail, the modern day trail,
the highway mix.
Corp.
Corp's delicious.
Can I do another Yahoo?
Yeah.
We have a lot more ground to cover,
but let's just burn through this Yahoo,
because I feel, you know, it's important.
This one's sent in by Isi Mendenhall.
Thank you, Isi.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Anonymous.
Okay.
Who asks, what are some really sassy baby names?
My baby girl needs to be a diva like me.
Uh-huh.
I'm angry.
Oh, I'm so angry.
That one girl ruined Precious.
Do you want me to go down the list?
That's not sassy.
Do you want to hear some of the suggestions
that Yahoo has provided?
Yeah.
Eden, because she's a cutie patootie.
Cutie.
A cutie patootie.
Sadie, Jackie, Jamie, Maddie, Brooke.
Brooke is good.
These are all regular names.
What about Sarsi?
I spoke too soon.
Hey, guys.
How about SARS?
You can't take the adjective and then throw an R in it.
This is my baby.
She's a diva.
Her name is Durva.
Yeah.
I need a melancholic child name.
Call him Melanchorlic.
Crystal.
Bristol?
Crystal.
All right.
What about Bristol?
Crystal, Chloe, Silver, Giselle.
Wait, jump back.
Silver?
With a Y.
Like the horse?
They have spelled it with a Y.
Yeah, because that's not going to have any jokes about it
whatsoever in grade school.
What about, like, what if you called your baby, like,
Bitch Patrol?
That's sassy, isn't it?
What about, this is my daughter, No Scrubs.
Don't even trip.
This is my baby, Creepin'.
This is my baby, TLC.
Wait, I don't think...
The name of that song wasn't Creepin', was it?
It was just Creep.
I think it was just Creep.
Yeah.
If you name your baby Creep.
This is my baby, Radiohead.
She's sassy.
What if you name your baby after, like, sassy women who have gone before?
And you're like, this is my baby, Joan of Arc.
Yeah.
What if you just called your baby, Uh-Uh?
Not on my watch.
No, sir.
What if you name your baby...
That was it.
Was it those three snaps?
Just three snaps.
If you make your baby, if you want a sassy baby,
give her a name that humiliates people to pronounce.
So if you said, my name is Destiny!
Eeeeeee!
And it's got forty Es at the end.
And some of them are capitalized, and some of them are not, and you have to voice that.
If you don't address me as Destinyeeeeee!
I will not respond.
The.
That sounded like it was, like, 38 Es.
That's gonna be tough to put down on her SAT.
That's gonna be...
I'm gonna need another sheet.
That's gonna be a lot of Bubbles on that crazy matrix.
I don't think that's gonna be a problem.
Destiny!
You know what, I am not gonna undersell Destiny and I'll tell you why.
I don't think her name is going to prevent her from achieving the goals she wants in
life.
I want her to be the first lady president of the United States of America.
Wow!
Madam President Destiny!
I'm a ghost.
Hey, uh, so did you always, uh, think you would be president?
Uh, yes.
I always assumed that I would.
So what would you say that is?
Would, would it, I guess it was my fate?
Uh, my fate to be, no, no, no, no, no, like.
Predisposition?
No, I mean like, what, what, if you thought you were always going to be it, it would be
like your calling, like my calling?
My destiny with Hawaii?
I don't understand.
I don't understand.
Um, do you guys know what day it is?
Game day?
Game day?
It's September, it's the first week of September.
No.
No.
And as it is that, as is our calling, we're going to do things and we're going to talk
about it.
And we're going to talk about the things that are important this month and we're going to
talk about them.
Okay.
It's fall hat month.
What?
It's also happy cat month.
Oh, right.
Now I don't know if that's saying happy cat month, everybody, or your cat looks bummed.
Uh, it is national coupon month.
Obviously.
Yeah.
It is.
Can we talk about, when was the last time you guys used coupons?
I used one literally.
Coupons are the worst thing to ever happen to our economy.
I literally used one last night to buy a chocolate cake at H-E-B.
Really?
Coupons are bullshit and they're ruining our economy.
I don't think that's true, Travis.
It is absolutely true.
That sounds like a dumb thing you're saying.
No, think about those people that walk in and use coupons like on extreme couponing
and they end up paying like ten cents for a hundred dollars worth of food.
I can't think of those things that you just said because they're not, like any rational
person, those things you're talking about are not in my memory.
Thanks.
Dude, I work, I worked retail where people brought in fucking coupons all the time.
Oh, shit.
They're annoying and I hate that shit.
Guys.
What?
It's pleasure your mate month.
Whoa.
No.
You know what?
Have you heard of swaddling?
That seems to be big.
I heard about it on the news last night.
It was on 2020.
Update your resume month.
You're fired.
I think you extrapolated you're fired.
Those are the ones we're working with, it looks like.
Library card sign up month.
Okay, that's good.
You don't have to use it.
I'm having a hard time coming up with things between happy cat month and pleasure your
mate month.
Can we make a combo month?
That's what I'm saying.
Pleasure your fall hat month.
Really get in there.
Really get in there.
When they say fall hat, is that like putting some fake leaves all over it?
Go wild during California wild rice month.
Okay.
Hey, don't tell me how to fucking celebrate my fucking month, September.
Hey, September, you're apparently no one wants this month anymore.
I can't imagine why.
It's not like it's been ruined for celebrations.
And it sucks.
Does not suck because September, it had so much going for it.
It had that earth winning fire jam.
Yeah, that was a good jam.
Think about everybody's birthdays it is today.
It's like-
It's my grandma's birthday.
Your birthday was ruined forever.
Your birthday is actually ruined forever.
Would you rather have a September 11th birthday or Christmas birthday?
Christmas birthday.
Really?
At this point?
At least there's like presents going around everywhere.
Everyone's in a good mood and there's decorations and it's a happy time.
Guys, it's pleasure your mate month.
And you know what that means here at my bim bam.
What?
I don't know.
Actually, I'm kind of afraid.
I have all the hot bedroom tips that you can give.
Oh, okay.
Let me see if I got one here.
Maybe just grab her nipple and just go for it.
My brother, my brother and me.
Have you considered a sex nick?
My brother, my brother and me.
Turn that wiener like a key in a lock.
My brother, my brother and me.
Helicopter.
My brother, my brother and me.
Oh, man.
What?
Never mind.
I'll extract that.
I don't know, Griffin.
I'm not fucking Dr. Ruth over here.
I can't explain it all.
How about this?
Take a moment, look in your mate's eyes, then Superman that ho.
My brother, my brother and me.
Sure.
Can you do that while looking in the eyes?
I don't know the physiology of supermanning.
Can you explain to me what supermanning is and I'll beep the whole thing out?
You promise to beat the whole thing out?
I swear to God I will.
Do you swear?
I swear to Christ.
You Superman that ho, you cunt.
Sorry, radio audience.
That's what Google's for.
I'm going to black out.
That's what you hear when you're doing it so right.
My brother, my brother.
What would R. Kelly do?
My brother, my brother.
Oh, man.
Then do the opposite thing.
Yeah, then do the exact opposite.
For the love of destiny.
How about this?
True pleasure awaits.
That's what-
Is this like tantric shit?
Are you talking like what would Sting do?
I'm talking about tantricize that until you're married to it.
Oh, so what if pleasure mate month means take the whole month and really just get some Clif
bars and some energy drinks and let's do this.
What if pleasure your mate month doesn't mean mate in the American sense but mate in the
British sense where it's just like-
You're saying like, hey buddy.
Hey, pal.
Is this the month for you?
Why do you have to pleasure him with adult things?
Or can't you take him just get some fish and chips by me, right?
Back rubs galore.
Take your mate to Buffalo Wild Wings and Weck and enjoy some buffalo wings together.
And that'll be delicious.
And then later, Superman that ho.
And then just Superman him.
By which I mean, he's gonna do it.
Yuck-o.
Hey, I want to hear Griffin's last question, but first I want to remind you that this is
my brother, my brother and me.
If you have someone in your life that is not listening to our program, send them this link
bit.ly forward slash it's my bim bam.
Tweet it, mail it to people.
I don't care.
Just get it out there and write it on a piece of paper.
Get new people on board.
Transcribe our entire podcast by hand and bind it in a book.
And then can I have it?
If you want us to be on your podcast, just let us know.
We'll do that too.
We're flexible.
Yeah.
We'll do anything.
We're looking to make some guest spots.
We'll do a guest spot on your show.
I'm actually doing a piece on Radio Lab.
They're doing a whole episode on swaddling.
Uh-huh.
I was catching on that quick.
I found this elderly couple that has swaddled every single night for 90 years.
They're actually setting a record.
They've never stopped swaddling.
They have been swaddling.
It makes it awkward to walk around the house.
I am so yucked right now.
Thank you to everybody who's been tweeting about the show.
We really appreciate that.
Thank you to Eminent Emily, Maya Love, Beard of Prey, Brittney Lee, Ducklips513, Chris
Buehler, AlwaysAmyH, MarshallDBDX, BD Sean, everybody.
I want to thank SingleGirl1983 because she sent in like 40 Yahoo answers on the tweets.
Thank you.
Awesome.
Thank you.
SupplySideJesus, Matt Hutchings, so many people are out there spreading the word.
If you want to do that, use the NBNBA hashtag.
You would suggest, actually, I would suggest at least make a column of the NBNBA search
because you, JBPD did that this week, and you will be amazed at some of the things,
some of the wonders, the delights, the garden of earthly delights that is the NBNBA hashtag
search.
So keep an eye on that.
I really want to thank John Roderick and The Long Winters for the use of their theme song,
It's a Departure, from the album Putting the Days to Bed, which is fantastic, and while
you're buying that, John Roderick just started up his own podcast with Merlin Mann.
It is delightful.
It is called...
It's called Roderick on the Line.
Roderick on the Line.
Thank you.
Boom.
So thank you, John and Long Winters.
And Merlin Mann, just for being you.
So Griffin.
Yeah, I got it.
I think we're ready.
The final Yahoo answer was sent in by FaeStyle on Twitter.
Thank you, FaeStyle.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Jiraiya, who asks, if you surgically attach two guys together
in a 69 position, will the pee just go round and round in an endless cycle?
I'm genuinely upset, is what I am.
Oh, God, I'm disgusted.
This is the most upsetting episode, you know?
Yeah.
There.
My brother, my brother, that's where the lips.
Game day.
Keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart, hey.
Keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Three stacks.
