The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother and my brother and me, an advice show from
modern era. We usually come up with something to say at the beginning,
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your babiest brother, Griffin McElroy. Did you just tell everybody
what we won't do? My thing for the beginning this week
was a little bit of my brother and my brother and me trivia,
in that we normally come up with something to do at the beginning.
Fun facts, here's a thing we're not doing this week. You know why?
Because we stay up till like 2am watching the Pokemon Live musical.
That is true, Griffin. Okay, we're all sitting here recording.
I'm going to paint a picture for everybody who can't see us right now.
Justin's pointing furiously at Travis and the board, just pointed to something up.
Are we good? Those levels look much better to me.
Oh, by the way, if you're just tuning in as your second episode ever,
and you listen to the canonized episode, we curse a lot.
Ooh, fuck, it feels so good to be back in the fucking saddle.
We had hundreds of people who- Six hundreds of people.
Listen, we had six hundreds of people who traveled from hundreds of miles away
to see our show. Our wives are literally in the goddamn next room,
and they cannot be bothered. They have a free-
What do you want them to do, stand in the doorway and just watch us lovingly bullshit at each other?
I want them to pull up a couple chairs, get some nog, and make it a real festive show.
A personal, intimate live- You know what? I could eBay that.
A personal, intimate live show. Just you and your favorite brothers
doing their comedy show, so intimate. I asked my wife to do a special Christmas
hour special with us, and you know what she did? She gave me an old finger and she made this noise.
So I'm sure that our wives will be stopping in throughout this show to say hi.
Kind of a family. Maybe sing some songs.
Maybe you'll hear them laughing in the background. They're great jokes.
Maybe. Maybe not. Maybe that also might not happen.
If you came to our live show, thank you very much for coming to Huntington.
We hope you have fun. We hope we can do that again next year.
Maybe in a more acoustically treated building and or room.
A less century old building than that building was.
But the show, the audio for the recording was good.
Yeah, it was good. But apparently some folks listening
had some troubles hearing it. If that was you, we are sorry, but we hope-
I'm not sorry. The magic of being there made up for it.
I heard a lot of people say, Echo, guess what? You just got fucking two shows.
Two bonus shows. Two shows in one.
And here's a little tidbit from us to you. There was Echo on stage.
Try doing that at all. It is an-
But it was great.
But it was great. It was a lot of fun.
Next year we want to have just a festival.
Candlelight's Festival. Get every podcast in the world to come to Huntington.
And sing a song on stage.
And sing a song on stage. I just want to be like Stephen Colbert for like a second.
He can get like, like, Bill de Blasio.
And like- That was the best thing that he had was Bill de Blasio.
Literally, I cannot think of a single person that is- George Lucas.
Yeah, yeah.
You know what I mean?
I think he'd get Gio.
You think he'd get Gio?
What's he doing?
He's not doing anything.
Making that Ferngully movie.
We'll talk about this off mic.
Well, yeah, we'll get Lucas.
We'll get back to you.
Lucas, if you're out there, get at me.
When I'm dining out specifically at restaurants with an Asian flair,
I tend to prefer my food rather spicy.
While I love the burn, spicy food usually makes my nose run.
I know that by no means acceptable will blow your nose on a cloth napkin at a restaurant,
but I can wipe my nose covertly without making any disgusting noises.
Can I wipe my nose?
They were saying can.
Can I?
They weren't bragging.
I can do it.
Don't even act like I can't wipe my nose.
Don't even try to spot me wiping my nose.
You're going to miss it.
I'm illusion.
Did a ghost just fly across Linda's face?
That's from Restaurant Runs.
Restaurant Runs.
Well, that's a different thing.
Man, the spicy food is giving me the Restaurant Runs.
Yeah, I mean, both.
Why can't it be both?
I mean, what's your alternative?
Just let yourself have a leaky mess on your face.
But this used to not be a thing because people used to have like
handkerchiefs like on the ready like all the time for this.
Because can you imagine being that restaurant employee that has cloth napkins and be like,
oh, yeah, OK, snotty McGee on two.
And we got snotty Deborah on six.
In Victorian days, you would have usually wood or ivory nose plug
that you would put into your nostrils.
And that would help keep that.
Ladies would sometimes decorate theirs with like sparrows or leaves and shit.
And they just pop that badmama jammer right in there.
That's how Chrashan got her look.
That's how Chrashan's look was born.
Do you guys ever think about old timey handkerchief days
where it was just like a catch all for all of the plague
that you had inside of your nasal cavities?
And then when they get home and like take that bad boy out of their pocket,
how wouldn't you just?
I would just.
It's also not like they had their laundry game on point or anything,
you know what I mean?
They weren't throwing OxiClean in there.
They never had a fresh handkerchief.
Did they even have water?
They probably did.
No, water wasn't invented until 1922.
Yeah, everyone was just super fucking thirsty, basically.
No, they had Gatorade.
No, just have a handkerchief with you that says like my spicy buddy.
Then have it embroidered with the words my spicy buddy.
And then when you get really to business,
everybody will be like, you got to drop it.
You got to pull them out because then they'll get excited.
They'll get excited to see you wipe your nose.
And that's a hard needle to thread.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
It's very distracting.
We had several guests from listeners at the live show.
Thank you all so, so much.
Thank you so much.
One of the oddest was eight VHS copies of assorted Eddie Murphy films on VHS.
And I was just sitting here noticing that The Nutty Professor,
The Nutty Professor 2, well, they obviously had the same box art.
That's fine.
But it's also basically the same as Dr. Doolittle.
Basically, it's like they were just saying, hey, this is the same movie.
It's just the same thing again.
Let's just keep this branding going.
Let's keep this brand going.
Yeah.
That Murph train will never stop rolling.
Never stop the Murph train.
I think there's actually nine.
I think one might be on the floor.
We had some fun with those VHS tapes.
I tell you what, boy.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Did we have some fun with those VHS tapes?
I made a fort.
You want to Yahoo?
Yeah, I guess.
Got Yahoo.
That was sent in by Adam Bash.
Thank you, Adam.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
I prefer Adam Franklin.
OK.
I got you.
Franklin and Bash goop, pretty tight, pretty tight.
I'm Adam Rizzoli, and I'm Adam Ailes.
This Yahoo Answers user asks, my boyfriend gave me a 60-count box of waffles for Christmas.
He seems so excited about it, but I don't want to hurt his feelings.
And then there's a picture of a AGO Homestyle 60-count waffle box.
It's big, man.
It's big.
And it's name brand.
This isn't your off-brand store brand waffles.
Yeah, this isn't like yum, yum, and yum ones, 60 good time waffles.
That's probably a $20 box of waffles.
That you think?
Yeah.
60?
That's a pretty good value.
Pretty good value.
60?
We're talking about $23 waffle meals for $1 each.
I'm trying to think, because I want to say a regular box of AGOs is like, what, $3, $4?
And that only has four and a half AGOs in it.
Mm-hmm.
So now we're talking 60, so I'm going to do some math.
OK, just tick, tick, tick, tick, tick.
So yeah, you're paying like $0.06 an ounce.
This is a tough gift for somebody who struggles with weight.
Because you get a box of waffles, right?
And you're like, well, I'm going to treat myself.
I'm going to have a waffle.
But then you think, well, it's time to get my life together.
It's time to lose weight.
But then you see, well, I'm not going to be losing weight till this box is empty.
The diet starts as soon as I pop my last AGO.
Let's get it down to what you do on your deathbed.
Let go, my soul.
Let go.
Yeah, I mean, then you got to at least eat it down to a nice round number.
You got to say, well, today I'm getting it down to 50.
But then you eat one too many, 49.
You can't stop at 49.
No, you have to eat the 50th.
You got to keep rocking.
I like this president because this president is saying, hey,
I'm going to move into your freezer for a while.
Like, I'm going to keep this stuff at your place.
I want to keep these waffles at your house.
You know, she's not adequately impressed by the fact
that that's a tough wrap.
That's a tough wrap.
You got to time that.
They're not individual waffles, Justin.
They're in a box.
No, he's thinking about their temperature considerations.
Right, right.
I don't know what the paper does for insulation.
I don't know.
What's that inside the freezer?
Did Santa leave behind a special present?
I hope it's not a head.
Somebody should check in the freezer.
What's that puddle underneath the tree?
Did the stand?
No, that's waffle juice.
Waffles are fucked up.
Frozen waffle juice.
I'm just like, wicked bad at presents, I guess.
Does it say how long they've been together?
No.
Because there's a weird bell curve that I think they are.
They get worse.
You're right.
The longer they're in the box.
But if you've been together two weeks, right,
and you give them a 60 count, it's like, OK, right.
I wasn't expecting anything.
We've been together two weeks.
If you've been together like 20 years,
and he gets you like Eggo's, it's like,
oh, what a fun present.
Because you know how much I love Eggo's,
or this is a fun ironic joke.
But if you've been together like a year and get Eggo's,
you're done, though.
You're done.
Do you not?
Isn't there also a window where it's like, whoa, moving a little
fast, huh?
Oh, 60?
I'll start at four and a half.
I guess you've got a point.
If it was 12 waffles, there is no, that's fine.
Whatever.
12 waffles, I'll give a person on the street 12 waffles.
Right.
60 waffles.
Jesus, that's a commitment to yourself and to waffles.
Yeah, that's like a modern version
of giving somebody your apartment key.
Like, hey, we're always going to have waffles for a while.
What if there's an engagement ring inside one of the waffles?
But then you won't know for like four months,
because that's how long it's going to take you.
Well, unless you get in the first waffle.
Oh, no.
The object is so slim.
Well, you say that, but somebody's got to win,
and it might as well be you.
My mother is an older mom.
I'm 22.
She's 60.
And she recently received a new smartphone from my father
as a belated birthday gift.
This is all fine and dandy.
However, some at the AT&T store are turning on to this app
with all the obnoxious free ringtones from circa 2006.
Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum.
That's my impression of Crazy Frog.
These gems include a Blake Shelton
sound like singing Your Hubby is Calling.
Give us a taste of that.
Your hubby is calling.
And a woman shouting, alert, it's your mother-in-law.
Brothers.
Brothers.
I love my mother dearly,
but I can't change another one of her contacts
to one of the corresponding tones.
Help.
Help.
That's from Audibly Arrayed in Austin.
That's my city.
I don't want to hear that.
That's polluting your air.
I don't want to be at Whole Foods in here.
Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum.
Your hubby is calling to die.
That's Blake.
Why don't you make a deal with her
that they're all very annoying,
so you're gonna put them all into one single ringtone
that she has to use for everything.
Oh, and then she can only use it when you're calling,
because then you'll never be around.
Let's give a sampler what that would sound like.
Three, two, one.
That would be pretty good.
I think that would be a pretty good ringtone.
And if you want to take that,
and you want to cut that out,
make it a WAV file,
maybe an M4A file,
attach that to all our contacts.
Maybe a GIF.
When we call you, we want that sound.
Yeah, this is basically Prairie Home fucking campaign.
Or wait, wait, don't fucking tell.
Yeah.
This sucks, and that person at AT&T store should feel bad.
Did they upsell them?
Why do you...
No, probably didn't upsell them on this shitty ringtone app.
No, it was probably another 60 year old was like,
hold up, you gonna love this.
Hold on, players.
You're gonna love this app.
You think about going with that...
No, put that away, put that away.
I got something for you.
Ring, ring, I'm a phone.
Do you like that?
I do.
I got more where that came from.
I do like that.
Check this out.
First taste is free.
Check this out.
No, of course, it's not the real Tim Allen.
I like it though.
We couldn't get the real Tim Allen.
It's close enough for me.
I'm not a proud woman.
You got text.
You really have your finger on my pulse here.
We got Rim Allen.
Sorry?
Rim Allen.
Do you know how...
Is that Tim's nephew?
Do you know how in Zelda there's...
I don't know.
You've lost me already.
I'm a 60 year old woman.
There's Dark Link.
That's what Rim Allen is.
Rim Allen is Dark Link?
For Tim Allen.
Oh, for Tim Allen, there's a metaphor.
Shadow world version.
You got any other ringtones on there?
I might have to pay...
These are probably like $100, right?
I'm probably gonna pay $100 for this ringtone app.
$100 a ringtone?
$100 a ringtone.
How many bitcoins does this cost?
I hear my grandchildren talk about it.
How much would you expect to pay in bitcoins for this ringtone app?
Christ.
Four kilobytes.
At least four kilobytes.
I mean, you can delete it and she'll never find it.
She won't find it again.
She'll never find it again.
But then when somebody calls her, it's just gonna be like...
Read another question.
Not a lot of people sent...
I got some great yahoos this week, but not a lot of people sent in yahoos.
I guess they were celebrating the Christ child.
My desk is located next to both the kitchen and mailboxes at work.
I have a young coworker who literally every time she walks past my desk
asks in a sing-song voice,
How's it going?
And actually expects an answer.
At first, I answered her honestly, but lately I've been getting annoyed
and will just say,
Fine.
It's going fine.
Or, you know...
Brothers, can you help me come up with some different ways to answer this woman
who demands to know how it's going five to eight times a day?
That's from It's Going Freaking Fine in Columbus.
Bless you.
We had a genuine my brother, my brother and me sneeze on the scene.
You heard it here first.
You heard it here first.
Can't edit that one over out because we are recording one track.
I think this is why people come up with idioms.
I think it's why our dad speaks almost exclusively in idioms at this point.
He is basically just a ringtone app of idioms at this point
because you just want to have fun stuff to say like,
How's it going?
Fire and frogs here.
Split four ways.
That's what that is.
You realize that, right?
That's a good jam.
Fire and frogs here.
Split four ways.
And if you want to get a little fancy,
if you can nail the execution, split four ways and sand it down.
Now, that's a harder.
That's a harder.
You got to nail it this way.
You got to nail it this way.
It's going to be hard to make that frog stand that stand.
The good thing about fire than frogs here is
if you don't know it and you probably don't,
the person's still kind of like chewing on it
and you have plenty of time to push them over and run away.
Yeah.
You can push them into an open trash can and then run.
Don't be so confused.
Is it possible she's just been waiting for you to turn it around
and she's not doing so hot and you don't say like,
well, no, how are you?
And then she's just got to break.
It's like, oh, my God.
I'm glad you asked.
I'm so glad.
It's because I've been waiting.
I'm the worst.
Is she doing like Joey from Friends?
Like, how's it going?
I'm sorry.
Want some more?
How's it going?
He got worse.
Joey's melting.
Joey's melting.
Joey's melting.
If you had asked us in like season one,
My Brother, My Brother, Me,
I probably would have said something funny.
And like, but this is like nothing.
This is a non-issue.
Like when did, what season are we in now?
And when did season one end?
I think the Canalized Specialists are season one finale,
which by the way,
thanks for tuning into the thrilling season premiere,
season two.
Someone dies.
Someone flies.
Save the cheerleader.
Save the world.
I just feel like this is like,
she's asking how's it going
and she just happens to be the other person
that's kind of interested in the answer.
Like there's way worse people
that you will encounter in work.
Like that's not that bad.
But you have to give it up
for the fact that this person got the worst desk, right?
Is right next to all the shit.
It's a high traffic area.
You don't want that.
You want a secret cubby hole.
How else are you gonna look at funny videos on E-bombs world?
Can you just respond like it's going great.
Thanks for asking every time.
And like-
And try to wear her down.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
But you have to do it in like a pleasant.
Like I'm not like, oh, it's fine.
Thanks for asking.
Say like, fine, thanks for asking.
Fine, thanks for asking.
But exactly the same.
That's not, that is not gonna have the desired effect.
I feel like if you drop a fireman frog's hair,
split four ways and stand it down.
Every time she asks you,
she is going to stop asking you.
No, because then
you're the funny, cute one who uses that.
And now it's a thing between the two of you.
And you always say like, oh, how's it going?
Fireman frog hair split four ways.
She's like, that's our thing.
You do that eight times a day for a year.
You're not a cute, funny one.
You're a Cyberman.
Oh, can you do it just flat?
Like no effect.
Fireman frog hair split four ways.
Why don't you look her dead in the eye
and grab her, grab her necktie and pull her real close.
Okay.
Is this Paula Poundstone?
Grab her necktie, pull her real close
and just get in her ear and say, diarrhea.
Every time.
A little added effect there,
Justin went beyond the pop filter.
Go beyond the pop filter again.
Diarrhea.
Can you tell the difference?
There was a little bit of pop in there
and some diarrhea.
You wanna Yahoo?
Yeah.
This Yahoo was sent in by Drew Davenport.
Let's all get really comfortable with each other, okay?
Thanks, Drew Davenport.
You are a miracle boy.
It's asked by Yahoo Answers user.
And since he's finally starting to kick in, huh?
Oh yeah, it does not smell like poop in here as much anymore.
So thank you for that.
We're recording in the same room
that my cat litter box is.
And usually I'm very diligent about cleaning up.
But you know, it's the holidays.
You let things slide.
You wrap them up as presents.
You wrap them up as presents.
You feed them to your baby.
Amy Sue Harris asks,
I know, dry hump advice?
I know it sounds stupid,
but for a 15-year-old hormone-enraged girl
who can't go on the pill and whose boyfriend isn't ready,
it's a pretty smart way to pleasure both of us.
This person is 32.
Shh, pretty new to our relationship though.
And I have some questions.
How do I position ourselves?
So it's like his,
that's what it says,
is rubbing right against my arm so it's more enjoyable.
And is it better as fast and hard?
And what's the best way to do it?
Usually I wear tights and he wears jeans.
Tips? Thank you.
Valerie, clear our schedule.
We're doing the rest of the show
about how to teach teens on dry humping.
Oh, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up.
Is this legal hot waters?
Because this is a 15-year-old.
No, because it's not a 15-year-old.
It's not a 15-year-old, Griffin.
This is not worded how a 15-year-old would ask.
When you say things like his ahem and my ahem,
this is a 40-year-old woman.
Trying to dry hump a 15-year-old boy.
Yeah, like, hey, I need some tips.
Now that'll sound weird if I say I'm a 40-year-old
trying to hump a 15-year-old.
Yeah, try that, it might sound a bit weird.
Oh, I know.
I'll say I am also 15.
Here, let's just give general dry hump advice
into the ether.
And then if it hits this 15-year-old, cool, cool.
If they catch it like dry humping.
Like big butterflies.
How long can we give dry hump advice to teens
before our wives come in?
At least one is like, stop.
Stop it.
Stop it.
Guys, stop it.
No.
Stop it.
Dry scissoring.
Just like lead off with that, Justin.
That's good for placement.
You know what I like?
A nice side-by-side dry hump
where you just rub your legs together like crickets
and you just get some friction in your jeans.
Yeah, fire hazard, though.
You gotta watch out for that.
Oh, yeah, don't get no sandpaper in there.
Ooh.
You're saying you preheat the oven
by rubbing your zone to get it super friction hot
and then you touch it gingerly against it?
No, that's how you build up static electricity
and then you poke them in the face and shock them.
Some dudes like that.
That's all I'm saying.
Some dudes are into that.
One thing is you can put a sandpaper patch
on your front of your jeans
and that can give you some really good traction
when you're dry humping.
You know what?
What I like is the old sit and spin.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, where you both sit on sit and spins
and just play with them.
I like the double wrecking ball.
How does that work?
Let me think.
If you gotta be on some sort of swing,
some sort of rope, lever, attach to the ceiling,
and then the two of you just sort of go like this
and you just sort of swing into each other over and over again.
That's pretty good.
You just smash it together.
How about the mortar and pestle?
And that's where you dry hump,
but you put some barley down there
and you grind it up when you're done.
And when you're done, you have ground up barley.
I like the kind of dry humping where you dry hump so hard
that I guess some stuff just got through,
or at least that's what I told my gynecologist.
Wow, a lot going on there.
I think that one of the weirdest things about dry humping
is I feel like it has...
What are the weirdest things about dry humping?
There's a sentence I want to hear my middle brother say.
Hit me.
I'm just thinking about like that there must be
like kind of that age of innocence
because there has to be a point where you suddenly go,
what are we doing?
What are we doing?
This is too dry.
This is dumb.
And I doubt very much that there are 40-year-old people
who are like, hey, let's just dry hump tonight.
Because then you're just looking going, what are we doing?
Hey, I got an idea to spice things up.
Let's reduce the moisture.
What are we doing?
And so it's almost like this very innocent,
but also very weird thing.
You know how much it would please me
if they dry hump?
Just right now for once, to just feel young again.
Probably not like a lot.
Do you think people ever dry hump for the novel?
Are you feeling young again?
Yeah.
Just like the same way you'd like go to see
a Backstreet Boys reunion tour.
And dry hump.
And dry hump all the Backstreet Boys in sequence.
Just to feel young.
Wait, in what sequence?
What's the proper sequence?
I will unlock the Pharaoh's tomb.
OK, it's JC, Tori, Jody, December, Big Ralph.
OK, if you do it in that order.
Sorry, was one of them called December?
Yeah, December was one of them.
Tori, Jody, December, Big Ralph.
Chazes.
And Chazes.
They're all brothers.
You sweep back around.
That's the scene, guys.
All right, nobody's popping up in the tomb.
And while Justin's going to be a very rich man very soon,
very rich with locusts, you got to swoop back around
and get JC again.
So can you imagine the last-
By that point, you will have worn holes in your jeans.
Right.
The last five minutes of our show being transcribed,
and Dave Barry just hands it to his editor.
This is my new book.
Weird stuff about dry humping by Dave Barry.
I'm not sure, Dave.
I don't think you've got a hit.
Forward by JC Chazes.
Please leave me alone.
Please, please, please.
I don't know where the treasure is.
I don't know how many times I have to tell you.
Please stop dry humping me.
I haven't dry humped in months.
Stop talking about me.
Keep my name out your mouth when you're talking about dry humping.
What are some other great things to say about dry humping out loud?
It's better than impact humping.
Is dry humping, is that a gateway, do you think?
You go from dry humping to like arid humping?
Yeah, you got to make sure it's the gateway in the right direction
to hydrated humping.
And then you got, you got, you have to get your electrolytes.
You can't be-
Oh my God.
Oh, it's so easy.
Don't try to, don't try to dry hump without talcum powder on hand.
Something.
Something.
Should we go to the money ton?
I feel like we're already there.
This week, talcum powder.
Put it down there, you have to.
Guys, we have a return of a classic sponsor,
and this is one that I'm real big into, one month.
Here's a fact.
Have we made that joke yet?
No.
Finish it.
If you want a chicken.
If you want to code a website that demands the death of Griffin McElroy
for the last 15 seconds of audio.
You cannot kill me.
I opened the Pharaoh's tomb.
That weird.
Coding.
Coding was the most in demand job skill of 2014.
That is one of them.
Peanut butter will be 2015.
You heard it here first, I'm guessing.
Here's my thing to you, okay?
Your 2014 was a little rough.
Fine, fine, fine, fine.
Are you talking to everyone?
Cause it was pretty much rough room.
Yeah, but you know how we're going to fix it.
We're all going to learn how to code.
We're going to code our way right out of here.
In 2015, you're going to learn how to code with one month rails.
Imagine you can build your website overnight.
Imagine that your resume could stand out when you're applying for a job.
That's like how I'm imagining.
One month rails is the easiest way to learn how to code.
You can learn Ruby on Rails, HTML, CSS, GYAT.
I don't know what GYAT is.
GYAT.
GYAT.
GYAT.
You can learn all that stuff.
I haven't-
That's why you said all the bugs in your code.
GYAT.
I have done a one month course on HTML.
I knew a little bit beforehand, but it was a really good,
I mean, not just a refresher because HTML has changed so much
since I made the GeoCities webpage for my band of Vezo in the mid 90s.
It's changed a thing you say.
So has your band of Vezo.
Yeah.
Our sound is very much evolved in that we have been dormant for 15 years.
By the way, Justin is panda bear.
All right.
So it is a really super easy way.
They break it down to where it's like a half hour every day, 30 minutes.
You dip in, you do the lesson for that day.
The biggest problem I had was honestly stopping,
because sometimes I wanted to do another lesson because they're a lot of fun.
They've got other classes too.
One month iOS to help you build an iPhone app.
Whoa, I want to do that one.
That sounds like fun.
Yeah.
One month growth hacking.
That's to get like GBH.
And there's one month HTML.
I took the class.
Like I said, it's great.
30 minutes for 30 days, and then you will have this new skill.
I'm totally going to do that.
App one.
That sounds great.
Yeah, do an app.
I'm going to make an app, because that's what the world needs is more apps.
And how do they do it?
You go to onemonth.com slash my brother.
Now, typically your room is going to be $99, but if you join now,
you're going to get a one time discount of 25% off.
Which I think is going to be like $24.96.
One month is the service.
Again, that address is onemonth.com slash my brother.
You are really going to like one month a lot.
Let's turn around 2015.
You've earned it.
Here's a call to action.
Assemble and check out slash cg.com.
Ship just got real.
I guess that's the tagline for it.
I think it's short for like friendship.
Or relationship.
Oh, OK.
Games by Playdate is excited to release The Blanks,
a customizable expansion for the hit party game slash romance without boundaries.
Put yourself, your friends, and...
Oh, God.
It's cush.
Put yourself, your friends, and your frenemies in a one true pairing
with your favorite pop culture figures.
Why not add Orb, Glass Shark, Tiny Amelie, or Edward Snowden
to your evening of improv slash fic?
I don't know who any of those things are or what they're referring to.
My Bim Bam won't care that you've got them making pretend romance
to She-Ra or Rasputin, probably.
Well, uh...
True love can't be stopped by time, space, logic, or literary canon.
Hey, that's not true.
Space, logic, or literary canon.
Hey, fuck the shit out of Rasputin.
I don't give a damn.
Games by Playdate, they're great.
They've been big supporters of our show, and we're huge fans of theirs.
They sent me a couple games and everything, just out of the goodness of their heart.
There's a Shakespeare game that they sent me that I cannot wait to play.
They made a Sawbones game.
They made 13 Dead in Drive.
They made that board game.
I'm gonna send it back in time.
Kerplunk?
By the way, guys, I have 13 Dead in Drive.
You wanna play some fucking 13 Dead in Drive?
Stop the show now.
A copy of 13 Dead in Drive has ever worked once.
That game's busted.
It's a combination of Clue and Mousetrap.
Enjoy!
And Broken Shit.
So, check out slash CG.com.
Ship just got real.
Just got another message for Toby, and it's from Zach Sasha.
Another message for Toby.
Yep, he just keeps getting them.
We've probably done a Toby message at some point.
It's from Zach, Sasha, and Jake, who say,
Dear Toby slash Dink Joe slash Swaday.
Swaday.
Swaday.
Shaday.
Shaday.
Congratulations on being born 27 goat years ago.
You read so many books, know so many things, and frown so much.
We, not Zach, adore your curls.
Wow.
Your feminine cardigans and your obnoxious t-shoes.
I said t's, but your t's are probably fucked up too.
Your bi-weekly grumpy visits almost make up for you moving out,
and we're all proud of your literary success and smoke-free lungs.
Love.
Love.
Love.
Love.
Love.
Sorry about your curls.
Toby, it sounds like you're getting your life together vis-a-vis smoking.
I do wish you would smile.
Turn that frown upside down.
Turn that frown upside down.
You don't have to worry about nicotine stains anymore.
Let's get that smile going.
Hey, baby girl.
Hey.
Hey.
Show me that smile.
Show me that, no, it's right here.
Show me, show me that smile.
Let me try, no, it's up right here.
Show me that smile again.
Show me that smile.
Don't waste another minute on your crying.
We know we're near the end.
The best is ready to begin.
As long as we got each other,
we got the world spinning right in our hands, baby.
You and me, we gotta be the luckiest dreamers who never quit dreaming.
We just made that up.
Excuse me, boys.
I'm Alan Thicke, and all of you are going to prison for a long time.
I'm Canada's Alan Thicke.
Please don't remind anyone I'm related to Thicke.
Oh my god, it's my daughter.
Hi, Charlie Gale.
Hey, Charlie Gale.
In her third costume of the day.
Wow, already?
You just keep on pooping and spitting, pooping and spitting, pooping and spitting.
And we pooped right through it.
Pooped right through it.
Pooped right through it.
Just like we're doing to this show.
Welcome to Vim Bam.
We pooped right through our clothes.
Welcome to Vim Bam.
Our let's just get 45 minutes of audio containing anything ever on the book.
Did we just sing the growing pains theme song?
I don't know, I'm blacked out.
That ain't a good 90 seconds.
That was great.
Hey, everyone.
We're the Flophouse, one of the newest additions to the Maximum Fun podcasting network.
I'm Dan McCoy.
I'm Stuart Wellington.
And I'm Elliott Kalin.
What is the Flophouse, you may very well ask.
We watch a bad movie, and then we talk about it.
A bad movie podcast?
Isn't that like every fifth podcast on the internet?
I'd answer that by saying, one, we've been doing this show for over seven years,
long before the entire premise of our show was a cliche.
And two, shut up.
Sick bird.
I'd say that our show is more of a comedy podcast.
A podcast about words that sound like other words.
A podcast about me singing long irritating songs like this one.
A podcast about pitches for a Ziggy comic book movie.
Or discussions about sex tarps.
Yeah, I mean, mostly it's a show about three friends just hanging out.
And talking about ding dongs.
That's mostly used to.
Wait, what?
So if you like any of those things, subscribe in iTunes today,
or visit MaximumFun.org to follow the show.
The Flophouse.
I work for a small company.
My only everyday coworker is my boss's daughter.
I don't know.
Starring Ashton Kutcher.
We recently moved into a small office, roughly 10 by 15.
And whatever perfume, body spray, or whatever is just overwhelming.
To make it worse, she's a germaphobe
and applies similarly scented hand sanitizer at least every hour.
I'm sitting next to her right now and I have such a headache because of the smell.
To be clear, the scent itself is not unpleasant,
but it's the perfume volume to space ratio that's causing the problem.
Well, I've made subtle general remarks.
She's obviously not picking up on those.
What's the best way to approach this situation?
Do I confront her about it,
or do I find a way to make my experience less miserable?
That's from Stunk Out in St. Louis.
You gotta over stink her.
You have to out stink the stinker.
Gotta do it.
You gotta fight those waves of force with it to fuel you on your own.
And what, how?
Go negative?
Well, you can take the campaign negative.
Suck on the anti-smell.
Yeah, well, cause here's the thing.
She's already a fan of like the positive smells.
You know, she's doing the scents.
She's doing the perfumes.
You gotta go negative.
You gotta take the campaign negative.
Are you talking about stinky bad smells,
or are you talking about negative smell?
Things that, things that possess no smell and-
Some activated carbon in the air.
Yeah.
Something.
Or maybe just go like steaks, like a hearty, like a-
Steak salad?
Yeah, like you get like a steak, you know,
like you get like a, more of a savory smell to combat the sweet.
Get a steak candle and replace the pretty stink
with the right angry stink.
Yeah.
Listen, you could, you could do one thing.
I've seen commercials for like, like Febreze air spray
and according to commercials,
you just like grabs the smell out of the air
and tackles it and brings it down.
Maybe you could try that.
Cause scientifically that makes sense to me.
The Febreze grabs the stink.
It makes a bubble around the stink and then brings it down.
And now you're in the carpet.
Now it's like no, no air.
Is that what it's called?
No air?
You know.
The Febreze no air.
Don't spray too much in an enclosed space.
Because it'll depressurize and you'll be sucked out of the chamber.
Can you put a giant air purifier on your desk
and then when she looks, just give her like a facial expression,
like bleh, P-U, P-U.
Can you say you have an allergy?
That's a good thing.
Oh, oh, an allergy.
That's good.
That's so good.
Do you know what I just thought of?
Is it better than an allergy?
Cause you-
It's a different avenue.
Okay.
Tell her that you read on the internet
that all of these hand scented lotions and perfumes
contain this germ that in like 10% of people
is causing some kind of skin infection or skin irritation.
Oh, so you, her comeuppance for her germaphobia
is that you're gonna force her to lean into her germaphobia.
Okay, so you give me that and I'll be-
You wanna gaslight this poor woman.
I'll be stinky coworker.
You give me that and I'll, let's just see how it goes.
Okay.
Can I get some coffee while you guys are doing this little play?
No, you can't.
Perfect.
You gotta be here as the boss.
You gotta be here.
You have to be this woman's father.
You're the Drew Carey.
Okay.
Listen, you two have a good day working.
I'll be out getting a few rounds of goldfin.
You can't see her, it's in this fiction.
The boss is, half of the boss's mouth is sewn shut apparently.
We work for Harvey Dent.
It was a golf accident.
Have a good workday, kitten.
Don't let this man take away your good smells.
Okay, so the-
Do you remember-
He says that a few weeks.
Remember what mommy said about a good clean girl
smells like roses and flowers and sand and breeze.
We asked you to be the Drew Carey.
You're kind of being the Colin Mochrie right now.
Okay.
Give me the pitch.
Oh, hey, did you, I read, I think it was on Facebook, man.
You're like BuzzFeed.
But they found it like-
I'm watching this from the doorframe.
You better nail it.
0.1% of people have like an allergic reaction.
It's something to do with like this drug or like a germ
or something they found in these hand lotions.
Okay, hold on just a second.
I just Googled it, you're lying.
If you're gonna be this boss in my daughter,
you better have a ring in your pocket.
Hold on, what?
You better be proposing marriage
if you would dare take away her good smell.
She's Dottie's little flower girl.
How about a yahoo?
You're a yahoo out of this office.
Did I just get fired?
Yeah, you both did.
Sorry, get in.
He's too deep in the fiction.
You should have known not to get embroiled with a man like this.
We're gonna have to chloroform.
Tell you how to live your smell.
Somebody flip the factory reset on Justin.
Don't let any man steal your smell.
Somebody hold Justin's power button for five seconds
until the LED lights.
You're a strong sira.
Don't let any man steal your smell.
Okay, Travis, I think you need to take the fuse out of the power box.
Okay.
Okay, here we go.
Posted by Marko Resnick and a few other people.
Thank you.
It's by yahoo answers user Samantha who asks,
I'm throwing a sexy Santa party.
Every year my boyfriend and I throw some sort of Christmas party.
Last year we did a kind of dress up dinner party,
but we were thinking of doing a sexy Santa party this year
and having everyone wear their sexiest PJs.
Any, why Santa then?
Any ideas of other things we can do to make the party sexy?
Oh, we are in our early 20s.
Fucking of course you are.
I hope so.
In case that helps.
I can pinpoint your birth month from this question.
Sexy Santa party.
Santa's already sexy.
He's a man who is very giving and responsible
and takes care of like, yeah.
Here's my question.
How do you propose this to your friend in a way
that all of your friends in a way that they don't go,
do you want to see my bitch?
Do you want to see my dick?
Is that what's up?
Like, how do you say like,
I thought a really fun party would be like,
we all wear see-through clothes and stuff.
Bring it.
Haha, get it?
BYOB.
But the last B stands for Bush because I want to see it.
I want to see it.
Want to see that Bush.
Happy holidays.
Happy holidays.
Show me your Christmas Bush.
Show me your Christmas Bush and bring a covered dish.
But you know what?
Here, I was just thinking that I remember some parties
like in college or like the anything but clothes parties
or like that idea of like,
it was a thing where like you people when you're young,
I almost remember people used to dress sexy
to go to things on purpose.
Is that a thing?
Did that happen or am I dreaming it?
It's like a, it's like a,
it's like an Eyes Wide Shut invitation orgy.
You can't send something out saying,
hey, come on, give up.
You got, it's got to be veiled.
It's got to be thickly, thickly veiled.
They have to be like,
is this going to be an orgy or is it not?
You can't be like, come on and bring your Bush.
You can't do that.
You can't put that on an invitation.
You can't do it.
I won't let you do it.
I won't let you do it.
You can't let somebody just bring their own Bush.
No, this sucks.
Bush optional.
Why is it sexy Santa if they're wearing PJs?
You're waiting for Santa sexily.
Oh, then they call it Santa baby.
No, that could be misleading.
People could show up as giant Santa baby.
Do you think Santa actually still comes down the chimney
of like five houses a year
and he picks it based on this very specific criteria?
Like, uh-oh, Bush party.
Gotta get down.
No, put Biloxi on the list.
If he doesn't, I think we've proved that he doesn't exist
because like that would be the party that I'd stop at.
Come down the chimney like,
Bush, Bush, Bush, Bush, Bush, Bush, cool.
Y'all been naughty.
And then he vanishes.
If you want you and all your young attractive friends
to be basically naked together,
don't drag Santa into this.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
This is all pretense to like Christmas time follies.
I want to think that this is like their six year
hosting this party and they've put up
with boring ass themes for five years,
just building up like the equity
to be able to get all their friends naked.
I would worry about if you call it a sexy Santa party,
you're going to have people show up
with like just ripped red overalls,
like to show their muscles coming through
and like not a beard so much as like a stubble,
like white stubble and just shredded.
Wait, why is that a worry?
You're worried about starting a sexy clothes party
is that people show up in sexy clothes.
Are you, Justin's drooling right now.
Are you just painting erotic fiction
for our listeners right now?
About Santa?
That's ASMR right there.
No, it wasn't.
It was ASMR right, basically.
No.
Have you guys noticed the more we talk about ASMR,
the more defensive people get about ASMR?
And the more demand that there is for it.
For it, yeah.
It's upsetting.
Y'all welcome.
Y'all welcome.
You're throwing stones at a glass house right now
because that's like your jam and you can't find it.
I don't get militant about it though.
Okay.
Oh, you're sad now?
This Christmas, I received the same gifts
from my parents and my boyfriend's parents
after they shopped for my Amazon wish list.
I don't want to upset either of them
by returning the gifts they chose,
but I also don't need two pairs of the same shoes.
Should I let one of them know I'm returning their gift
or should I keep it on the down low
and thank them each for the gifts
for returning one of the duplicates?
That's ruining our returns.
Do you fucking need our-
Like, did you come all the way down to our office for this?
Could I get free money
or should I just put things in garbage can?
What are you saying?
What are you talking about?
I will say-
How did you get past the secretary?
Let me say congratulations
on opening that second present and pulling it off.
Because that's a challenge every year.
You open that second present
and you have that split second rushes through your brain,
like, oh, I got this.
What do I say?
Oh my God, this is so-
I know I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
And then you pull out of that nose dive
and you're like, oh my God, thank you so much.
Thank you.
It's crazy.
Exactly what I wanted.
Two, I say you keep it.
What?
You got to back up.
Have a backup.
Have a back-
My greatest fear at any point in my life
is that one of my wonderful material possessions
will be ruined.
So take one of your many belongings.
And then, and so knowing
that I've got a backup material possession
will put me at ease.
Put me at ease.
And just the having of-
Oh, having things.
Having things is so great.
You've got one whole thing
just to do whatever you want with.
It was about packages.
It was about tags.
Grinch brings your shit back and it's like,
we already bought new shit.
And now we've got two of the shits.
It's a Christmas miracle.
And this has been Travis's Grinch.
We've got so many who bangers.
That's one of the things that-
Yo, what's up party people?
I got another who banger coming at you.
Get on the floor.
Door.
Now pass that who hash.
Put your titties on the roast beast.
Put your titties on the roast beast.
You said that with your mouth.
Don't put your titties on the roast beast.
That's not where they go.
We done?
We done.
We done.
Listen, this has been my brother,
my brother and me,
an advice show for the modern era.
We hope you had a lot of fun listening.
Kind of a truncated one,
but you know, it's the holidays
and you should just count yourself lucky
to get anything at all.
Well, don't say that.
Handle it.
Travis and Teresa are late
for a Christmas appointment.
We're trying to get them out the dope.
Oh, so thank you for hanging in there with this.
We appreciate you listening to the program
and laughing along with us
and learning and growing.
We hope you had a great holiday season.
We thank you to people who,
by the way, bought tickets to see us in LA.
That show is sold out from what I understand.
Believe there are still some tickets
to see us with JJ Go in San Francisco
so you can buy those.
Travis, do you remember the Bitly he created?
It's bit.ly forward slash mbmbamsketchfest.
Okay, so you can find those tickets
and buy those if you want to see us in San Francisco.
And we'll be announcing new live shows
probably within a month or so.
Some folks who came to our live show in Huntington
had actually traveled from areas
that we will be in shortly.
So that was kind of awkward.
So that may be Switzerland.
Yeah, maybe Switzerland, who knows?
But so keep an eye out for that.
If you're not a big social media person or whatever,
just follow us, just us,
and we'll tweet information out
that people can consume and use however they want.
Griffin, do you have any thank yous?
Yeah, I want to thank John Roderick
in the long winters for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
You can find that wherever Fine Music is sold.
Saw a few people tweet pictures
of them getting the vinyl for Christmas,
which is very, very exciting.
I also own that vinyl, and boy, is it waxy.
Oh, I also want to say the podcast that I do
with my friend Andy Bolt, Bunker Buddies,
the comedy survival podcast,
we're doing a live show with Jordan Jesse Goh
at UCB Franklin in Los Angeles on January 6th.
It's at 11 p.m. and tickets are only $5.
If you go to bit.ly forward slash LA Bunker Buddies,
you can get tickets there.
So we hope you come out and see us.
It's our first live show and we're really excited.
Also, listen to other podcasts on the Max Fun Network,
Jordan Jesse Goh, stop podcasting yourself,
Throwing Shade, The Goose Down, Song Exploder, Risk.
There's all kinds of free entertainment.
Let's not forget about Sawbones.
Sawbones.
And The Adventure Zone,
our new Dungeons and Dragons podcast
that we do with our dad.
There's a new episode going up this Thursday
that I'm very excited about.
Both, all three of you guys actually do
some really dope shit in this episode.
This was the episode that marks the point
where we forgot we were doing a comedy silly game
and all three got really into it.
It gets pretty silly.
You guys forget some of the antics we got up to,
but there's also some dope adventure shit in there.
Anyway, that's this Thursday.
Tune in, we're only like three episodes deep.
So it's still, you still have time to get on board.
It's really fun.
Seeing a lot of people say they've never played D&D before,
listen to it, it's got a lot of crossover appeal.
And if you decide to play D&D's result,
please tell Wizards of the Coast
so they'll send us some money.
Yeah, I guess.
Or at least some campaign books.
Or some campaign books or just merch.
You got a noisy baby in there.
I hope that we're not picking up the baby's box.
Baby's singing.
Yeah, baby's just spreading the word.
So that's gonna do it for us.
She's the young Ellen Thicke.
Thank you so much for listening to the program.
We hope you've had fun and we're going to miss you.
We hope you have a great, this is the last time.
20, we gotta figure it out.
This is the last time we're gonna talk to you in 2013.
Or no, 20.
Oh my god, what was our shit?
What was 2014?
Oh no.
What was it?
I mean, whatever it was, we didn't fulfill it.
Let's be honest and just say it was 2014.
20 forward.
20 forward.
2014.
It was 2014 though, if we're being honest.
I watched a bore video that somebody made
of a big fox lady swallowing him up.
And it was spliced in with,
brace yourselves, colonoscopy videos.
Or perhaps an endoscopy.
Daddy didn't like that.
Daddy did not like, suddenly the subject of war
became much less funny overnight.
Just like that.
So we have votes from listeners.
Not that they get to vote.
For 2015?
What we're hearing right now,
here are the teen choices in order.
Jim Carrey again wins.
From the bottom up, 2015.
What's that mean?
Seriously, does anybody else smell that?
20 mifteen.
20 swifteen.
20 shifteen.
20 blissteen.
20 milfteen.
Never stop getting it.
20 lifteen.
Raise someone's spirits.
20 whatifteen.
Imagine the possibilities.
20 gifteen.
Share the wealth.
20 splifteen.
Oh my god, I forgot about 20 splifteen.
I'm gonna 420 so hard next year.
20 thrifteen.
And the number one.
And what I think should be the official.
Grifteen.
20 grifteen.
The con is on.
20 grifteen.
The con is on all year long.
So wait, we need to fucking get out the blueprints right now
and start planning this heist.
This is the con is on next year in 20 grifteen.
So we hope to see you there.
Thank you for being with us through 20 forward slash 2014.
Sorry we didn't do it.
Sorry that we didn't.
I don't know.
I feel like we moved forward significantly.
We moved the change.
Griffin one last time.
I swallowed lots of men.
So it's a tie, really.
It's a toss up.
Griffin.
This final Yahoo was sent in by, how appropriate, Drew Davenport.
The beginning and the end.
Thank you, Drew Davenport.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Ross who asks, oh, I navigated away from the page.
Ross asks, how hard can you twerk without dying?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
My brother, my brother, may he kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hello, I'm Taco, the elephant magician.
Morrow High Church here, the master of clerical magic.
I'm Magnus Burnside, the fighter.
Did you guys like that?
Did you, the listener, like that?
You were just swept up in a world of high fantasy and magic where anything can happen
and anything is possible.
Hi, I'm Griffin McElroy, dungeon master for The Adventure Zone, a new podcast on Maximumfun
in which magic and mystery intertwine for a very erotically charged role-playing experience.
You can catch it every other Thursday here on Maximumfun.org or iTunes.
It's for Dungeons and Dragons, but with family.
