The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
in the air, and love smells like the windscreen on a microphone, though that may just be the
windscreen on my microphone. Hi, I'm Justin McElroy, the co-brother, co-host, and co-provocateur of
My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era. I'm Travis McElroy, and I am
a co-host and co-privateer as well. Oh, Griffin! Griffin, what's wrong?
I mean, nothing, I guess. No, now come on, don't keep it inside. A feeling locked inside
is poison for your mind. That's what I always say. Hey, I just, I did want to note before you
talk about your crushing loneliness, we had to record this intro twice, and I did the same
windscreen bit before, and I thought it was so good that I decided to stick with it. It wasn't
like a thing of the moment that I came up with. That's like the second time I decided that would
be good enough. You actually even giggled at it this time. It ramped up. It really got to me. It
really got jumped up in there. Griffin, Valentine's Day was created by a greeting card. Think about
it. I am thinking about it. Here's my stance on it. Jewish people... Good start. They don't get
sad around Christmas, right? Right. Well, A, because they're so occupied with candle nights,
but B, ain't got no dog in that race. Yeah, no dog in that particular race. I get it. You know
what, Griffin? You're lonely all the time. You shouldn't let the corporations make you feel
lonelier today. You know what? Here's my motto. I'm bringing lonely back. Some of the best poetry,
some of the best songs have been written in a state of loneliness. Some of our best podcasts
have been recorded while Griffin was single. It's true. Namely, 100% of them. And possibly
throughout the fullness of time. No, no, no. You'll find that special somebody. Maybe we'll
find somebody in here, in this mix. Between the three of us? Fuck, I hope not. No, I don't think
so. And now our special guest, Vanessa Hudgens. Okay, here we go. Valentine's Day is coming up,
and I'm wondering if you guys have any ideas of what I can get my lady, Lily, as a gift.
I have a limited budget since we were both in college in this dirt poor, but I want to make
it kind of special too. Thoughts? David from Gmail. You know, there's so many things that
you can do that costs little to no money, but show a great deal of thought. But what really matters
is money is how much money you spend on it. No, if Lily's cool with, you know, a coupon for one free
back rub, then... Or a groupon for one free back rub. 200 people bought in, and now we get free
back rubs. Really tired hands. So you think back rubs are the way to go? I mean, it's an oldie,
but a goodie. Yeah, I mean, that's a classic. Griffin, what do you think? Cheap Valentine's
Day gifts? Like a shitty necklace? I don't know. Hey, I got creative this year, and I got you bad
things. It's not only that, I just want everybody to know that... I don't know. I don't usually give
great advice, but on this particular episode, I'm not on my fucking A game. Get her a DVD, I guess.
With love in it. Like Love Actually? Or For Love of Money. That's a good flick. Can't watch it too
much nowadays without getting hurt, but like, it's a good movie. Just a DVD, or a Blu-ray if
you really love her, but I know that you're straight out of low cash, so gotta make do.
Hey David, I know it might seem like a great idea to loudly announce that for Valentine's Day,
you're giving her a world class fucking... It's not gonna have... Top of the line! It's not gonna
read the way. I'm giving you my best moves tonight. Tonight, I'll be supplying you with some of my
grade A moves. Maybe just put like a bow on your wiener, and yell, you're welcome. You're welcome.
It's the gift that keeps on giving. Accept it like it gives once. For 15 minutes, and then
he gets a little bit. And a power bar. Then your feet are touching me, they're so cold,
people are going to sleep. I moved to a new city recently, and I opened a business.
I'm a pretty social guy, and I don't have trouble meeting people on a personal level,
but I need to promote my business to build my clientele. What's the best way to go about
promoting my business to people that I meet in a social setting without sounding too pushy and
annoying? Brady. Brady, there's only one real way to grow your business. That's of course to become
a sponsor of my brother and my brother and me. I mean, it is a great way. You get a lot for your
money. Yeah. You know, you get the fame. We have literally tens of listeners. Yeah. You get the
gravitas. You can't put a price on gravitas. You know what? You could get a special promotion. You
meet one person. Meet one person that you want to impress at a social setting, right? Tell them to
listen to this new podcast, and then you pay us to tell them about your business. That seems a
little backwards. No, it's good. It'll be good. Because they'll say, hey, I know a show you can
listen to specifically this episode. And then when they listen, we'll tell them about your business.
Hey, have you heard of Brady's photocopies? Our friend Brady does the best photocopies.
The print quality is just superb. No line breakage or splotch zones. Those margins to die for. So
tight. Is that ivory blend on that paper? Yeah, it is. That's all Brady uses at Brady's photocopies.
Not a lot of pulp in here. This is a smooth pulp free zone. Brady, I think that you're having,
like, this is sort of the classic question of sales, right? It's something that I'm not
particularly good at. I don't know any answer. I'm great at sales. I am. Okay. I mean, I was
saying I am good at sales. Well, help them then, Tracks. Help them then, for Christ's sake. Don't
hold your light under a fucking bushel. I was just gonna say that if you really do think that
what you have is a good service, like if you think you've got the best service, then you
shouldn't feel any hit. Remember that you're not asking them for something. It's a win-win,
or at least it should be. You have to put it in your head that they will want to hear about it,
because that's how you think of your product. And my advice would be this. You want to be
indirectly direct, where you don't want to bring up your business. You don't want to say,
hey, my name is Brady. Let me tell you about my new business, because they're immediately
going to shut off. You want to have a conversation that, like, leads to talking about your business.
Yeah. You know, ask them what they do, so then they'll ask you what you do. Yeah, that's a
pretty good idea. Get interested in them first. Remember, that's our old classic. That works if
you want to have sex with someone or want to be their sole photocopy supplier. Also,
those two things are basically the same. Those two things are basically the same,
because there's a bed involved, right? Either way. Griffin, hit me with a Yahoo answer.
I will absolutely do that. I got a nice eclectic. I got some mixed nuts,
which is, by the way, what I'm going to start calling the Yahoo answer segment.
Can we start playing, like, a sound effect after you say it? Like, boing, or something like that?
Absolutely. But this week, we got some Valentine's Day questions and some not-Valentine's-Day
questions. But let's start out with the former. It was sent in by Valentine's Day.
Wow. It's become corporeal. It's tormenting you.
I've been incepted. This one was sent in by Cal. Thank you, Cal. It's by Yahoo answer's user,
ManMan, who asks, what type of collage should I do for my boo on Valentine's Day?
I want to do a collage for my boyfriend of eight months. I would love to put some pictures of us
and movie tickets of the movies we've seen together, but sadly, we don't have that right now.
Just our memories. I threw away the tickets, and now I wish I should have not done that.
Do you guys have any other suggestions I can make for him? What other collage can I make for him?
A garbage collage.
This should stand in place for the garbage I threw out earlier. This is different garbage,
but it's symbolic. Hey, you should maybe not-
Kyle, I made you a collage. Sadly, I burn everything that has to do with you the moment it
no longer has use. I've saved no pictures or anything. If you were to die today, there would
be no proof of your existence in my house. Here's all the pictures and movie tickets
from my last boyfriend. I saved those. I don't know. It's weird. Don't read into that too much.
I've scribbled out the Poseidon adventure, and I've written Hancock, which, if you'll remember,
was our first date. It was not. You say it was not our first. You're right. That was him too.
That was also Ron. What I've made you is words cut out of magazines like a serial killer.
We went to movie summer. I love you so much, Derek. You're my one. You're my one. You're my only.
I know your name's not Derek, but that's the only name I could find printed in the magazine.
And this one says sassy. I just like the font on that.
What do you want us to tell you? You don't have anything to make a collage out of.
I threw my shit away, and I want to make a time capsule, but I don't have
any shit to put in it because I'm irresponsible. I love the framework of this question of,
I want to make a really romantic, personally touching thing. Please tell me what I should put
on it. Let me tell you what I know about your relationship. How about you make a collage out
of ugly collages? Hey, you didn't save the memory collage. The victory, the elbow grease,
the memory collage is not gluing it to corkboard. That's not the part where it's impressive. It's
impressive because you saved the shit. Did you just start liking him? Did you not like him for
months and you're like, I'm going to get in this guy? It just occurred to me seven months in that
we're dating. Why don't you draw some pictures of your memories and then use those pictures,
use those illustrations as fodder for your collage. Draw a picture of you two sitting
at Hancock and maybe like grazing hands cocks. He's making a hit. He's making Hancock.
It's a classic. It's a classic. And Griffin, you actually have just described my favorite
independent web comic. So it's exactly like that. So maybe just take him to dinner or something.
Or maybe try again next year. Like maybe don't throw everything away that you get.
Maybe collage isn't a good idea this year. How about a coupon for one free collage?
It's redeemable in exactly 365 days. My wife and I have a one year old. Sorry. I don't know why
that sounded so sad. He's super lame. The novelty's really gone. My wife and I have a one year old.
When we found out that she was pregnant again. What? What are you saying? Slow your roll. Your
wife. Okay. When we found out my wife was pregnant. Okay. We were really happy but knew that things
are going to get tight money wise. We just found out the baby's actually twins. Oh shit. Worst.
So now we're still excited but also freaking out a bit. Yeah. Our wedding anniversary is coming up
and all the money is tight. Do you have any suggestions to make my soon to be worn out wife
feel special? Thanks Frugal in Philly. Um. What can you do? Like can this woman is about to pass
two human beings? You know you want to you want to make her feel special right? You're you're about
to have three kids and not enough money for them. You want to make her feel special. Right now those
kids have two parents. That's like eh. But if they have one parent can you imagine? Imagine that.
There's only one of you. There's only you only have a mommy so that's pretty special because
your daddy your daddy moved to Vegas. Three three parents. Sister wives. I know we're on a sister
wife streak but like you got one parent per kid. Apparently you're having babies every year so
maybe with two wives you could alternate it and they can at least have a year off. Yeah. I know
you don't worry about your wife being worn out and at this rate she will be. Like yeah. So I would
say get a second wife to maybe carry one of the twins. Is that is that possible? A brood wife.
Get yourself a brood wife and then like one can be your society wife
and then one can be your you know your gestating hive queen.
Hi this is this is uh this is my second wife Crystal. Crystal. Her name is Crystal. It's not
Chrysalis. I don't know why I thought that and her name is also not dx173pon so I don't believe
people saying that either. And I certainly have I have never considered harvesting her jellies.
For Valentine's Day I got you a second wife in a tank of plasma and we're just gonna use her to
harvest organs and babies from. You're welcome. You're welcome. What did you get me? Oh a stone
temple pilot CD. Thank you. Wow we're really even now. Oh shit. Um so what to get your wife?
Have you considered a collage? Maybe a nice collage with some of the things you've done together.
What about uh uh make a nice dinner? You know it seems so cliche but if you really
can cook well and you can knock one out of the park that's so nice. And she's eating for three.
Yeah. Or four. Check it. Check it. Double check it. You got trips. She got trips. Heard it here first.
We got the scoop on your baby's itch. Uh you you really I I think that a one you know one night
thing where you know you do the dinner and the movie and really do the real date thing can can
be really nice. But I think that you can make a longer lasting difference here and just really
I and I'm I'm making judgments about you but I mean it's it's it's just sort of general advice.
Yeah right exactly because I don't know you may already be doing this but you know in every way
you can especially over the next couple years do what you can for her. You know when you when you
there are times when you know you might want to watch the big game or something uh and you know
take that time and maybe do something to make her life a little easier because you know that sort of
lubrication on the gears of life could be a gift that that people appreciate all year round.
Not hard to box up sure. Yeah. What aren't all the best gifts? It's beautiful. Thank you
Travis. I worked really hard on it and again the collage thing I can't yeah I can't endorse that
enough. Last week I met a boy when I visited my friend at a different collage. He got my number
and we've been texting ever since. He seems great except there is one problem whenever he texts me
he refers to me as a boo. I don't know where he got the idea for this pet name but I really don't
but I really dislike it and all pet names in general. How do I get him to stop calling me boo
besides just saying stop calling me boo uh love the show and sorry if this makes Griffin feel
lonely not your boo bear. Let me posit this. Okay. Is it possible that whenever he looks at you
you freeze in place and disappear? Oh I got you. Oh good. Final links. Yeah these are the jokes.
You know people always always uh email through these questions and a lot of times I think they
the question should just be this there's a simple solution to my problem but I'm not gonna do it.
Make up a harder one for me. Why do you want us to complicate your life? Let me check this.
Check this heat. Hey I'm not I'm not crazy about that nickname. Hey I'm I am mad creeped. Can you
please stop? We've only known each other for a week so let me go ahead and throw this out.
I don't like pet names. Yeah yeah exactly like you're in that phase where it's okay to express
your discomfort or displeasure with something like better now than in like you know seven years
you're you're watching Price is Right and he's like hey boo could you hand me the Cheetos you
just get a kitchen knife and put it in his chest like that wouldn't it wouldn't be preferable.
That's where this terminates. It is. You gotta play it ten steps ahead. Seven years. Murder.
Maybe. Just maybe. Maybe. Is her name something like Borp or Brin or Berg? Brutus? No it's too
long. What I'm thinking is maybe his phone is autocorrecting. Oh yeah yeah yeah. Her name is
Borg and it's fictional which is awesome. Hey are you gonna come over here and assimilate me or what?
Resistance is futile. That's so fun. I have to go kill myself. Yeah we've jam-packed a lot of
nerd juice in this question. This got this got pretty bad uh why don't you just say that like
just say it like we have a lot of people who will need our help you have a solution already
it's in your question just do that don't stop it I'm angry at you stop it happy Valentine's
Day I've been lying to you for a week how about how about a yahoo answer right yeah break me
off please um this one was sent in by Adam Holly thanks Adam it's by yahoo answers user poetic bbq
all right uh who asks Valentine's Day gift for my cougar I'm seeing an older women me 30 her 43
and want to send her an awesome gift for Valentine's Day because I'm gone working on
the road we've been seeing each other for a couple months and the coitus is pretty amazing
oh good and want to get her something that is classy but not overbearing any ideas hey
Greg's mom that coitus was really outstanding I don't want to put this in the creepiest way
imaginable but that coitus felt really good on my genitals what are you saying that's so gross
I know the perfect gift stop calling it coitus that's something that she'll appreciate forever
and ever are you are you also scientists maybe learn about how pronouns work me 30 she yeah
now you know the word coitus but I don't know how to refer to yourself in the first person
uh uh maybe funeral plot like a nice under a tree or something she's wrapping it up
that's considerate it's a little overbearing it's it's not what it looks like it looks like
I wrapped up coven it is what it looks like you nailed it I'm sorry Greg's mom didn't
please load my name what you should get Greg's mom is a dvd but of beaches
all brats love that movie oh I love beaches I do not know what it is I do know what it is it's
that one where Bette Bette Midler and Barry Manilow go to Malibu and Barry Manilow dies
and she has to pretend he's alive the whole weekend that's exactly it that's right it's
uh and Cher plays some sort of voodoo priestess who's also a mermaid who is also a mermaid yeah
we I don't like what I don't watch a lot of movies but this one sounds really good the beaches
like now that I'm describing it I don't know why I haven't seen it because like all these components
are things I typically enjoy in a film cheetah cheetah print tights cheetah print tights
curling irons uh two red lipsticks hey hey Greg's mom I got you some bingo chips
don't use them all in one place well I mean the bingo parlor but you know what I mean
not all in one Friday night can we is it possible that he's referring to an older
female literal cougar it could be there's some raw meat yeah here's raw meat I mean why do you
get a jungle cat like uh maybe you should just make a commitment to take care of the horrible
uh bi-species baby you created with all your coitus during your coitus listen Deborah cat
when you have our terrible terrible cougar man I will take care of him I will raise him as my own
I will not enlist him in public schools because he will he will consume the other children but
this is like the fifth episode in a row where we've had to talk about half human half animal
hybrids this is a very very bestial podcast and I'm not comfortable with it yeah
goose man that's what happened like 20 episodes ago uh oh man what if goose man and cougar man
got together uh it's a crazy I'd watch that show William H Macy as everyone in the show
I will watch it oh John Lithgow what a great what a great coup for penguin man uh soon I will
be moving out of the home which is awesome but as a single lovely lady I can't help but feel a little
paranoid in bnb am what are some good ways to keep safe from creeps love bowser bait xo xo
xo whatever you do don't get on yahoo answers they'll find you they'll track your ip
okay first basics pepper spray and mace a little oh no there's there's the rest of the story she's
from Australia where it is illegal to have those things what yeah shit just a super bright flashlight
like I don't know but you can't have a giant knife yeah get a really really heavy boomerang
you could reenact that classic scene if they say pulls knife on you and then you
pull a dundee and just pull out a knife that's that's this is a knife all right more of that
please more of my paul hogan barbie bring me some shrimp that's pretty good you know avoid avoid
late nights uh no fuck that no we're not gonna tell her not to live her life take it okay she
can't okay I mean if she's nervous I'm just saying you know try to be try to be smart get ripped
be if you get stuck talking to a creepy guy in a bar be straight up up front and be and say you
know hey I I don't see this going anywhere but thanks for talking this was great um it's it
seems harsh but creepy guys if anyone did that to me slightest sign if anyone ever did that to me
I would follow them home if you would reverse effect and I'm like a super nice guy but I will
follow you home if you shut me down like that and I will pull out my very small knife and hope that
you do not in turn have a larger one hey bowser bait maybe uh maybe get ripped that's like stage
one stage two you should do that anyway yeah get yeah this is for fitness right get a hug get and
then inject yourself with so many uh male hormones that you look like a dude like the silhouette you
cut in a darkened alley is that of a large like burly man who's gonna mess with you then get paul
hogan to actually follow you around and say he's your boyfriend that's my boyfriend paul hogan is
he still kicking oh are you kidding me he actually does he teaches a kicking class every week in
australia okay good is he he's australia right he's not one of those like secret new zealanders
no is he he's a national treasure yeah i heard he punched the cyclone in the face and it went away
yeah he turned the snakes out of punched it right punched it to hell so get back to hell cyclone
in honor of valentine's day uh i have a special treat for you guys oh um i did a little research
and i was looking for valentine's day advice um and i went to my favorite magazine 17 magazine
oh this is great and i found uh top 17 valentine's day flirt texts flirt guy flirt texts
like techniques texts to send okay the first category is for your crush i have a lot of
them put this out because the number one is my favorite one all right number one hi i'd like to
forget our awkward first meeting by sending this awkward valentine's day text here goes nothing
happy valentine's day for real 17 magazine that's the best she got cooked up number two
if i don't meet your standards for a valentine's date then please lower your standards
who is writing this number three in lieu of candy hearts and chocolate please accept this valentine's
flirt text as a sign of my undying like for you did you undyne i'm sending you a flirt text this
sounds like it was written by the fucking jeopardy robot like i don't understand the
nuances of speech or love this is awkward and you're cute number four
flirt number four because it's valentine's day i wanted you to know if you called me i wouldn't
hit ignore number five i didn't have enough time to send you those candy hearts you probably love
so here goes nothing will you be my valentine text yes or no no what this person just got a
phone like it's their first day with the phone and they're coming up with a gag yeah thanks graham
thanks grammy thanks grammy number six it's 214 aka valentine's day you're single i'm single
do you see where i'm going with this it's math baby 214 into the side of a mountain
please you're killing me number seven happy valentine's day you're so out of everyone's
league i figure you must be home alone wanna hang okay hold on stop for a second you have to stop i
can't deal with this 17 article anymore you just said you're so hunky that i that it is crippling
you socially but i am going to rise above your overwhelming physical attractiveness
and deign to send you a text on valentine's day is that what you're telling me you're trying to
slam it 17 is giving our young people number eight i really like because it doesn't understand how
text messages work and it's written as a dialogue so it says this number eight girl what's worse than
a bunch of starry-eyed people who have a crush on each other running the streets guy what girl
nothing will you be my valentine okay we're gonna do this but i need is the audience participation
part here's what i need you to say just like what just say what when i text you what not yet hold up
number nine because it's valentine's day i wanted to let you know your zipper is undone oh and i
think you're pretty cool lanky smiley face outside your window i'm looking at your cock i can kind of
see your dick and by the way it's a pretty cool one i like you know what that means i don't anymore
i used to and i've forgotten hey do you 214 i'm trying to 214 over here hey listen listen denny's
restaurant please keep it down some of us are trying to 214 with their wives over here please
number 10 fill in the blank valentine's day is a blank holiday i wish i could spend it with blank
not good not not you like alone like what kind of fucking text is that you're playing fucking mad
libs with them like fill this in and send it back to me valentine's day is a toilet
holiday and i wish i could send it with poop farts it's so romantic number 11 happy valentine's day
to one of my favorites if i made phone calls you'd probably be on speed dial is this from a robot
like i think griffin is right i lack human vocal cords but i can't see send digital pulses
through the phone wires okay so now we move into the category for your boyfriend number 12
v day try you and me day shut up how about any other day than that than the day you just said
head number 13 as your valentine i want to let you know that you don't have to get me anything
however if you insist please don't send all candy hearts chocolates roses and presents to
enter a dress here hey the local funeral home i'm sure they're gonna i'm sure they're gonna
love reading that entire text just as much as you're gonna love sending it because that's like
a novella stop it number 14 i want to lull with you all night long happy v day stud
hey it's 4 a.m have we really been laughing out loud for six hours yeah my face is pretty so bad
pretty crazy v day number 15 roses are red violets are blue we should kiss let me know if you think
so too wink wink no what that's not something you would send to your boyfriend or girlfriend
spiritually i can't take two more i cannot handle two more there are just two more number 16 roses
are red violets are blue and a night out with my guy is long overdue why don't you take me out
anymore i'm trying to 214 it over here this one is my favorite because it is it is topical and
it's fun this one is under the category just for fun number 17 what are the rest for those are
serious shit this is just for fun number 17 for your best friend roses are red violets are blue
even oprah and gail have nothing on me and you happy valentine's day bff happy valentine's day
i'd like to be in a lesbian love affair with you can we do that even though we're 17 i'm going to
bring up oprah and gail who's real popular with our demographic this 17 writer has their finger
on the pulse of a dead person of a corpse of a corpse oh man i wish i had my finger on their
pulse and could feel nothing uh so i wish that they were dead is there anything else i meant to
travis i really am angry at you what is wrong with america we can't generalize it like that this is
this is one person what is wrong with this is there a name is there an author name uh it's it's
by cosmo girl is it christ uh-huh is it my cause that's a jerry he works in the mail room uh like
what's hot what's hot right now uh 214 are texts still texting oprah and gail oprah and gail check
check check i'm looking for forward to 2018 when they have like the top tweets yeah send your
love one remember about this new thing twitter it takes longer to make magazines than i thought i
guess i'm a long time stop podcasting yourself uh listener and when they mentioned your show
went and checked it out i've been hooked ever since well thanks uh with that said i am in need
of some advice would it be rude to suggest my husband to we sell my engagement ring yep
whoa i'm into this question now elaboration yeah please my husband and i have been married for
almost two years now and i never wear my engagement ring i chose a simple gold band for a wedding ring
which i prefer and wear all the time my engagement ring is worth over two thousand dollars it is just
sitting in a drawer in my house and won't remain there until this lost stolen or given away the
practical side of me wants to sell my ring but is this a subject best left alone dana dana there's
no good way to breach this with dana this is a like yeah this is a no win situation let me
put it to you in like a practical a way a practical person will understand um unless you like need
the money do you if you don't need the money then you never you never know you might have a kid you
might have a daughter or a son someday um the the engagement ring i gave my wife was passed down to
me from my my grandmother so you know it's it you you never know you might want to to reuse it in
that sense um or make some really bitchin ear jewelry like you just you never know uh but that
it's a that's a no that's that's a loser that's got loser printed all over that that convo you
have with your hubs here here's my suggestion start referring to things in terms of the cost
of the wedding rings our engagement ring so if your husband's looking at a new tv say yeah that'd
be about one and a half engagement rings that's much better advice actually that's a really nice
speed but what do you say frank that's like three engagement rings four engagement rings it's not
bad that's what we'll name it when we buy it by selling this engagement ring oh man it is that
screen is big you know i know you like the 30 inch but for about half engagement ring we can go up
to 50 that ring upgrade um i mean do you need the cash like if you don't need it just it's
why not have it it's like a think of it is another way it's like a nest egg it's like a
a rainy day fund it's gonna depreciate though in value when people stop giving out engagement rings
right because what what's that gonna happen uh i mean people are just gonna people are just gonna
rise above it people don't are gonna realize they don't need physical representations of their sweet
love oh yes say it in the words and just like say it and the words are all that matters in the
future that sounds good yeah i read about it tell your husband that listen in the future i wrote it
down somewhere but uh i'm basically so i sold my engagement ring the thesis of this story is that
i no longer have that ring you bought me with your three-month salary do you want to go deeper
because that's i pretty much gave you the abstract on this little paper i've written about this
also um whoa some ice just fell off my roof that was scary uh also spring is springing three
months salary two thousand dollars that doesn't seem right to me you either got played are you
dude's bank account is busted what you should bring up all of these things you should bring up
all the this this here is an embarrassment stanley let me refer to my powerpoint presentation about
why i'm going to sell this engagement ring slide number one your bank account's busted are you so
are you i'm not sure you have this right are you supposed to spend a quarter of your annual salary
on an engagement ring is that what you're telling me that is the rule i'm not making that up i think
you're pulling that out of your ass travis have you heard that's wedding i think that's wedding
rings oh no those are i think that's those are like 60 bucks like i have a yahoo okay give it
give me it was sent in by adam holly thanks adam holly it's by yahoo answers user 2010 world series
champs uh who asks if you could have a fragrance in your honor what would it smell like and what
would it be called mine would he adds mine would be a grapefruit cinnamon smell named zesty
because that sounds super gross um it smells like christmas uh can you give me some of the answers
of the answers because i feel like that there are only two which is okay which is heartbreaking
that is really sad we need to get some some more answers for this guy alicia says
bullshit and i slap it on my enemy's faces you don't understand so you don't understand how
this works you don't understand how cologne works or parker has a very succinct um answer because
it's it's only three words but it describes the like everything about it um eva mendez's vagina
that's this is our new perfume todd it smells like eva mendez's but a haunting like
this is our new perfume eva mendez's vagina strangely it smells like oranges and cinnamon
which you would never guess can we just call it mint mendez been dead from for my personal
fragrance i would want to be something beefy because i'm a you know i'm a dude i'm out there
making deals making plays in business something beefy but kind of like like cigarettes like kind
of like beef and cigarettes okay okay yeah i call it big business because that's what i'm out there
doing oh i actually love that that's a direct name for cologne big business it smells like raw beef
and cigarettes okay i don't like that part as much does somebody make a money perfume
this is my perfume ballin it smells like money no no it would be more tasteful than that it would
come in a it would look like a maybe a piggy bank that's a little good uh-huh maybe a dollar sign
maybe just call it like crisp bills or just like or just crisp rollin rollin see you guys are you're
thinking about a sort of a hip-hop superstar affectation making it rain and it would it would
smell like rain and money like money that's been left out in the rain hey what can we talk
about the atmospheric situation in your bedroom right now devin because it right now it's supposed
like it's been raining money and i don't think that like meteorologically i don't think that
that's a sound scenario for you to be sleeping in i would i wouldn't want mine to smell like my two
favorite smells which is um baby skin and campfires wowzers that first one was like super creepy yeah
but then you combine it with the campfire and you imagine the smell of baby skin on a camp
cracklin baby skin that's travis all over that's actually what i would call it cracklin
that's really upsetting travis it smells like burning baby skin and even mendez's vagina
it's called cracklin and it's a fragrance and you can buy it at the store and mendez
costs eight dollars don't don't be fooled by this department store riposte like sizzling
it's eight so it's just like it but it smells like toddler skin on a gas burner and
dorothea lang's vagina don't don't be fooled don't be fooled by imitators i uh i think if i
ever became a solo folk artist just traveling around the country with my guitar and a harmonica
i think cracklin mendez might be the single best name that i could adopt and that's also
my favorite neil diamond song cracklin mendez good news guys dorothea lang was a real person
there i thought you know i was coming to a close and i was like i gotta come up with somebody
and uh it was either i was trying to come up with the name of the lady from star wars she just
wasn't there so dorothea lang is what came out turns out she's a photojournalist so depression
era photojournalist i want to hear griffin's last question but we have a few quick housekeeping
things um this is huge on the website where can they find these griffin uh well i think we can
just toss them in a flicker thing like toss them in a flicker and then put that flicker up on max
fun okay that sounds good to me it'll be on max fun in any some some form yeah maximum fun.org
go there and you'll find mb mb am valentine's uh made by a whole bevy of webcomic artists who we
really can't say thank you to enough because they're all just outstanding um they really and
we we we love all of them so you go you you can either you print one out and write a personal
note on it give it to somebody who's not listening you can uh email them to a friend with a little
note attached and say hey i just want to let you know because we both love mb mb am that i love you
also on this special day but um they're awesome they're really great so thank you seriously thanks
a lot because we this was like two days notice and we got a shit ton of them so yeah there's
totally sean uh handy side from level up studios it was his idea so thank you masterstroke it was
masterful uh the mb mb am mixtape you can still get that uh what's the best locale to look for
that ditto i don't know online yeah just look for it yeah just do a hyperlink um google google
the hyperlink and you should um you should ask to use it just ask okay ask you that's by rocky
horror who who also uh because we owed him one for making a mixtape about us wanted us to uh wish
his lady friend natalie clap a happy valentine's day on the show and anyone who's um seeing the
cover art for the mb mb mixtape with the three of us dressed as furries um that was done by natalie
natalie clap thank you so much that that is the background image on my everything yeah everything
that i have that is a background image on it it's such a delightful image good jpeg hey natalie great
jpeg nice nice jpeg uh keep an eye out this week probably uh bob all's gonna have a new uh mb mb am
shirt video he went to hawaii and i'm sure he'll have the his mbm shirt and all kinds of compromising
positions he has the only sentient my brother my brother and me piece of apparel it's always going
on adventure made one and give it to bob ball we'll tweet that out on our on our feed i'm just
tweet blast it we'll just be blasted and you can spread it around with your friends collect them
all uh our forums are officially no more but our new forums our new crib is uh is open for business
however at maximum fun org and for every show there's an individual uh episode forum where you
can go and discuss that episode um and talk about all the other incredible shows on the maximum fun
network that wait there are others there are so many others and they're all so good uh stop
podcasting yourself judge john hodgeman jordan jesse ghost sound young america get them casper
housers yeah they're all great um and you can also stop by maximum fun org uh to see a video
of jesse thorn hosting uh the the spirit awards nominations and i i haven't watched it yet but joel
mchale is on the the front page of it so i'm gonna go watch it right now so's eva mendez and i really
hope that she doesn't like i feel terrible oh no i feel just terrible uh travis tell me about
170 million americans well thank you for asking justin you see um public radio is threatened and
there's a chance of uh the funding for public radio being cut the funding which would affect
the funding they need so many funds shut up you bastard um and if you are passionate about public
radio the way i am passionate about public radio you can go to 170 a million americans
dot org that's 170 million americans dot org um and pledge your support and tell your representatives
to uh not cut the funding for public radio guys listen ira glass hasn't eaten in weeks he's
starving look at him so so hungry he's rail thin you can see his tiny ribs um he doesn't have the
energy to produce anymore it's his skeletal fingers can't make those classic patches in his grizzled
hair help him out uh real quick thanks to a bunch of people who've been talking about us on twitter
this week thanks to taylor graphics just getting in the show and helping her to to while away the
hours uh tj mchale we he's trying to get bob vela to listen to the show i don't think that's no i
think he'd be a big fan i think i think bob would like it uh lmm e l l i m e m of course you'll
know him as the guy who has a bb am tattoo number one of them van super fan our super fan who wanted
to wish his mom a happy birthday so happy birthday to roe who is his his mother um i'm not gonna say
hold she is a never a gentleman never does but she looks 22 she looks 22 and churches and come on
and church is why i listened to 20 episodes in two days apparently trying to break some sort of
world record it's too much too much too much in bm so that's the show we did it um i just want to
say i want to tease it we have so much awesome shit coming up in the next two months oh yeah
yeah just so much awesome shit some i can talk about some i cannot talk about uh we got the the
max fun pledge drive is coming up it's going to kick off uh the last day of february and uh yeah
we we're going to tell you guys all about that later but we have so so much awesome shit coming
up um and we are just really excited to to give it to you not excited to work on it like work
i don't think it's our favorite thing but yeah when it's done and we have it in our hands and
then you guys have it in your hands we're we're all just gonna we're all just gonna be so happy
yeah and we got some other stuff planned for you over the next couple months that you are just
going to hot you're gonna shit you guys you're gonna hey you guys in your you're gonna shit
your pants get ready to go to the pants store because your old pants are full of surprise shit
buy you for you in two months from now buy them a gift card for the pants store today and you'll
be happy that you made that investment because you're gonna need it for the shade your pants
i guess sure why not perfect give me that last question i've been waiting for we need all to
give out all our info holy shit this can't take this long okay go to mbmbam.com uh and you can
find all the different uh ways to get into contact with us uh email mbmbam at maximumfund.org
uh we have a phone number twitter feed at mbmbam um is that we have a form spring which i don't
know but there's a link on there and uh oh if you want to sponsor the show you email teresa
at maximumfund.org we do personal and corporate messages and we promise to try to keep a straight
face while we're saying them so that's something i guess it's crazy mixed up world is that is that
is that good now that was really good i'm proud of you corporate monster she used to be about the
fans you've changed sellouts hey hey uh let's see i'm leaving sweet water um okay this one was sent
in by william hughes thanks willy it's by yahoo answers user nwo for life okay who asks how much
beer is a dog supposed to drink i'm Travis McElroy i'm Griffin McElroy this has been my brother my
brother and me kids your dad school wear on the lips keep your heart three stacks keep your heart
hey keep your heart three stacks keep your heart man these girls are smart three stacks these girls
are smart three stacks these girls are smart play your part
