The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, welcome to My Brother My Brother and Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
Justin McElroy. And who are some good dads that you know? Let's hear it for the daddies.
Let's give the daddies hands. This is our special show. Give them hands?
Give the daddies hands for their special day. This is a daddy episode all about daddies. We're
taking your daddy questions live on the air. Are you a daddy? Do you know a daddy? Is there a
special daddy in your life? I'm on a website right now called Daddy Chat, and I'm just sort
of like looking. A lot of messages coming in through Daddy Chat right now, and a lot of them,
I would say, are of a surprisingly explicit nature. Well, just let them know that you're
looking for a special daddy who will take care of you and see what they say. Our dad is, of course,
here. We have not provided him with a microphone, but I can tell you he's on my end and just
laughing along and just really savoring every second of it. Hi, daddy. Quick question. I feel
like there's a cipher I'm missing, some sort of codex. You know in National Treasure Book of
Secrets, they find the magic magnifying glass, and that lets them read. That's our dad's favorite
movie. Yeah, it lets them read the other Declaration of Independence on the back of the
other one, and it says, this one's just kidding about the gun stuff. Because it mentions a lot
of that in the Declaration of Independence. A lot of this is getting away from me, but you know
what I'm talking about? A cipher, like a codex. I feel like I'm missing one of those to really
enjoy the daddy chat experience, because they keep mentioning something called cummies?
Cummies? Or coomies? Do they mean gummies? Is it an autocorrect thing? If it's an autocorrect thing,
then it's autocorrecting everyone. Weird. That's weird. Weird. That's so weird. Maybe they're a big
fan of- Oh, is this like- Was there a gummy bear named Daddy Bear? Maybe that's it. Maybe this is
like a- It's about the gummy bears. Maybe they're trying to say curries, and it's like autocorrecting
like way off. Maybe that's it. We're talking about some of our best dads. Who's your favorite dad?
I gotta get the fuck off daddy chat. Yeah, I think it's broken bad. I think it might be a sex thing
about pork and dads. I'm not into that. Here's some- Trav, I'm gonna name a word, and you tell
me the best one of those words. The five best of that word that you can think of. It's the easiest
game I've ever played. Top blank that. Oh, I gotcha. Okay. The first word that I want you to
rank the top five of is dads. Okay. The daddiest dads? Is that what I'm doing here? Top five dads.
Top five dads. We'll go five to first order. Okay. Fifth, that would be Henry Jones Sr.
Correct. Griffin, number four. Oh, I was gonna do all of them. That's all right. Number four,
Joseph Gordon Lovett. Congratulations JGL on your baby and your promising movie career
on both sides of the camera lens. Number three is Austin Powers Sr. Correct. That's good too.
Okay. Griffin, number two dad of all time. Number two dad is of course French Stewart,
also from Third Rock from The Sun. Congratulations French Stewart. You're doing a great job and we're
all thinking about you today. On this special day. Travis McElroy, who is the number one dad
of all time? Oh, number one dad. Number one dad. I'm gonna say James Bond Sr. Well, I'm gonna say
our dad. Have fun at Christmas, dipshit. Our dad is James Bond Sr. and you can't prove otherwise.
You're not gonna get any presents this year, Travis. You know that's what dad bases the
present distribution off of. Santa delivers presents, stupid. Santa is an amazing daddy.
Santa is. He is. Like he raised Frank Claus. Look how he turned out. This is our vice show.
I don't know why I started saying it like that, like a poorly conceived SNL character,
but this is our vice show where we take your questions and turn them out like in wisdom.
We had a great, I want to say because we haven't recorded a new episode since. As you might be
able to tell from a little bit of the rust. A little bit of the rust, the grime. A lot of
Paul Rust on this machine. We're gonna get back in the swing of things, but I did want to say a
huge thank you to everybody who came out to our New York and DC shows. They were just a hoot and
a half really. We had a blast and thanks to the people who, like thanks to Hodgman for coming out
and performing in our New York show and Still Buffering and Sawbones and everybody. So the
Schmanners, everybody who helped make their shows so much fun. Of course you who came out,
we really appreciate you. And as long as we're touching on stuff that we didn't get to talk
about, I snuck up to Max Funcon West, which was, as always, super fun. And the macros are going
to be at Max Funcon East and there's still a couple tickets available for that. We would
like to see you there in September in what may be a haunted, shining-esque hotel in the Poconos
in September. We would like to see you there. If you haven't been to Max Funcon before,
it's amazing. It's really, really amazing. It's gonna be a hoot. And like literally all of our,
like a brood, a large chunk of our families will be there. Go to maxfuncon.com right now
and you can come see that. I have a question for you all and it comes from one of our listeners.
The question goes a little something like this.
It goes like this. It goes like this. I'm a Waluigi. This question is written in a special
pervert font. This is all dildos. It's Comic Sins. Okay, first question. Brothers, I just sat down
to do some work at Starbucks. The guy at the next table is clearly sketching me in this
notebook. Jesus. I really need to get some work done, but it's very distracting. What do I do?
I tried giving him a direct stare down, but no luck. He was probably gized about that. Like,
oh, thank goodness. This is much better. And if I do stay here, do I look at the finished product
over his shoulder as I leave? And that's from Begrudging Model in Boston. Holy shit. First off,
I wish you'd save this for our live show in Boston next month. This would be fantastic.
Yeah, Dan, this would have been a club banger. Here's the thing. The one situation in which
this would be acceptable is if you are in Paris and it's like, oh, how wonderful. It's like that
scene in Before Sunset where the guy's like, hello, I made the poem for you, milkshake.
And it's like, dude, fucking cool it, please. I'm just like walking around all night. I'm super tired.
Can you not poem me right now, bro? There was a dude who walked up to me on the streets of
Cincinnati and said, for a dollar, I'll do a rap on you. And I gave him that dollar.
It was not a good rap. It was okay. But I don't feel like you really touched on the
cornerstones of what makes me me. Yeah, sure. You get what you pay for. Yeah, it was a dollar, bud.
I mean, that's true. You should ask if he had a $5 plan available with better raps.
Is there like a VIP rap that I can pay for where you follow me around for a year and really
construct an in-depth narrative of my life? How much does it cost for the good rhymes?
Give me your dank rhymes. Good, sir. A few ways to combat this, I'm just thinking of off the top
of my head, shine a very bright light in their eyes so they can't draw. If you don't want to
be aggressive about it, you could just move your body around a whole lot so you don't really get
a bead on your ankles. Just keep turning your head, move your fingers around, because that's
the trickiest part, as everyone knows, is fingers. While you were doing some work at Starbucks,
is it possible that you were nude and covering your frame with various fig leaves? Because if
that's the case, then I think- Are you a bowl of fruit? Are you a bowl of fruit is a good question,
Travis. What the question asker didn't mention is that the work that they were doing in Starbucks
was modeling. They were smizing and they were stretching out like languorously, like practicing
their form. That's a good fucking point, Justin, is if they were a model, that shit isn't free.
You can't just walk up to Ty Ty and just snap pics, because you actually, guess what? You need
to pay tens of thousands of dollars in order to do that. Do you know what I mean? You can't just
snap or draw a model. They work fucking hard. Here's what you do. While you're working on your
screenplay, and this dude's drawing you, you start writing a scene in which a guy is drawing you,
and the scene is about what a jerk he is, and then you just slowly turn the screen to him and
point at it so he can read it. And if he gets offended by, oh, you were drawing me and I was
writing you, how's it feel? How's it feel, Picasso? And then you walk out.
I think their job is that they're a comics writer, and you work the whole time on a word bubble to
put over their picture, and then you go over and try to very confidently with the word bubble you
cut out and just put a word bubble coming out of your mouth like, what, me worry?
Coming this July from the McElroy brothers. Rent two. It's really shitty this time. It's like
super duper shitty. Can't we have a partnership on our hands? You know what I was just thinking
about is that this scenario that is being described from this perspective is obviously
like so baffling and insane, right? It's bad. But I bet, but if you look at the inverse of it,
you could definitely see the artist here, you could see like their instructor being like,
it doesn't matter what you're drawing. You just need to get out there and draw. If you're at the
cafe, if you're at Starbucks, just whip out your notepad and draw the people around you.
It's about drawing life. They don't really think about the repercussions of that actually doing
that. I agree with you, Justin. I agree with you right up until the point that they give them a
full stare down, and it's just like, hmm, I see you. And at that point, the artist continues to
do it, but the artist already started on it. What do you want him to do? Put like a droopy
dog face on it? No, it wasn't you. Well, it's her hair, but his face because she stared at me halfway
through. Yeah. Do you guys want to Yahoo? I would love that. This one was sent in by level 9000
Yajujuru Drew Davenport. Sorry, there is a banner ad for an iced caramel macchiato at the top of this
Yahoo page. I'm actually going to refresh it. Everybody knows it's from Drew Davenport,
right? Okay, I can refresh it. Try and get rid of that ad because it was making my mouth just like,
it was just, I think I was having cummies. I don't know what that means yet, but I-
You probably shouldn't announce that you're having it until you figure out what it is.
Okay, it's fair. Yahoo answers user Ivan asked this one who says,
how was Snoop Dogg able to smoke for so long without getting arrested?
This is an excellent question if you really ponder it, because during E3, the video games,
America's premier video games showcase, which Justin and I covered last week, there was a
Battlefield 1 event where all the big names and big celebrities came out to play Battlefield 1
against each other and Zac Efron and Jamie Foxx were there and Snoop Dogg was there and they were
talking about how they were going to smoke so much weed while they play Battlefield and then there
was a camera on Snoop Dogg while he smoked weed playing Battlefield. And that's like, that's not
legal, right? And yet, and yet I feel like there's lots of situations where Snoop Dogg's just like,
I'm gonna have this weed now and everyone's like, that's okay, that's okay for you, for you to do.
No, okay, but wait, it was in California, right? That's fair, that's fair. Okay, but extrapolate
then fucking Willie Nelson rolls up to Austin and he's like, as long as he's touching the statue of
himself on 2nd Street in Austin, Texas, he can light up the biggest spliff ever and people are
just like, that's, it's him. No, no, no, you're missing it. No, no, no, you don't, you are the
one missing it because he's the weed man. He's the weed man so he's allowed to, fucking Fiona
Apple comes and she's gonna play a show for me and my wife in Austin, but on the way she gets
pulled over in town in Texas, has a little bit of weed on her, gets arrested, cancels the show.
Well, that's Fiona Apple. If she had a big old box of apples, that would be okay.
But the thing is, the thing is, is you're missing out that both Snoop Dogg and Willie Nelson are so
good at weed at this point. They smoke it so good and so fast that the human eye can no longer
comprehend that they are smoking weed. So like the authorities have been trying to catch Snoop Dogg
forever and they're like, he said, he get, like, this is like, like old style gangster, like 1920s
level, like he told them when he was gonna do it, where he was gonna do it, how he was gonna do it.
And this is like, now you see me three, you had, everybody was looking at Snoop Dogg. They know
he smoked the weed, but when Griffin, but when. On the camera, there's foot, you don't see, you're
Moving pictures. There's a moving digital audio video. But if you go frame by frame, you never
actually see the weed touch his mouth. And yet he did it, Griffin. How? Through his fingers? Through
his what? Did he put it in his ear? I don't even know. The thing about it is, if you do anything
hard enough, eventually they're just gonna let you. Yeah. Like my best example of this is Don
Rickles. Don Rickles has been doing racist jokes for so long. For quite a long time. That he is the
only person literally in the country that could just like drop it, like any, like whatever. Yeah.
Like stuff that I can't even pretend to do as a joke here in like a pastiche of Mr. Rickles
distinctive comedy. Like, because I would be literally crucified on a cross to death. Yes.
Everybody looks at Don, he's like, that's how Don do. He just did it so hard. Nobody can stop him.
What happened with Mr. Chong? He did get arrested for weed, right? But so like, when did he fall out?
Like, is there only room for three people at the top? At the top of the ladder? Or it's just like,
it's like the purge 24 seven for them. And Griffin, I'll pay you this picture. And Chong got
bumped down off of it. I think you mean the purge for 20. This is how it went. There was a rookie
cop first day on the job, first day on the beat. And like, well, they're having their morning cop
meeting their morning staff meeting first day. Cop goes, Hey, shouldn't we arrest Tommy Chong?
And everyone went, well, we can't, we can't do that. And he said, why not? And the everybody
else went, uh, well, huh? What? Hey, everybody, why haven't we arrested Tommy Chong? He got arrested.
He was selling a lot of paraphernalia, a lot. And he went to jail for nine months. That's fucking
ridiculous. But according to Google, he lost, he forfeited about $120,000 in assets paid a fine of
$20,000. This is combined loss of 140 K, but he also had to give up his internet domain name of
tommychong.com. Let's just say, why? Yeah. I didn't know that was, I didn't know that was a thing that
the America could take away from you. Like, so sorry, but it's gone now. You can't have
travismacaroy.com anymore. You can't have it. You sold too many bongs, Mr. Chong. And so,
Oh, that rhymes. That's fun. Have you ever thought about that? Mr. Chong? Anyway, nine months,
give me your URL. Yoink. Back to back to go, daddy. You go whoosh, like throwing a fish back
in the ocean. Wait, hold on. Is tommychong.com available for purchase? Well, now it redirects
to his Facebook page. Oh, well, hold on. I'm going to buy it. Anyway, Snoop Dogg is, I'm not gonna
play on his page is a link to his new product line, which is of course, you guessed it,
Chong's Choice vaporizers. If you're gonna vape, vape with Chong. I believe I will. Thank you.
Listen, I'm not, no, no tea, no shade, no pink lemonade. Legalize it. Go fucking. Yes, please,
please, please. I'm just saying, like, I was at the event. I was at that battlefield event. I
smelled the dupe. I smelled the duper. I smelled the duper. I was like, huh, that's weird. And
later I found out the source of the duper. I was like, that makes very much sense. And,
but you can think that you could just do it. If you're, if you're one of these three people,
I hope that they're able to put a stop to this menace. Let's let's do a new question.
By the way, someone sent a scoreboard from that celebrity match and who was at the top.
You guessed it. Mr. Snoop Dogg. Maybe you can only arrest him if his KD starts jumping.
Because like you can't legal. There's a, well, conviction wouldn't hold up. Cause look how
fucking bad he's nose scoping everybody constantly. How, how does that guy front do?
Cause that dude was fucking blazed out of his gourd. He's still playing. He did pretty good
too. From what I heard that dude was Zamboni. Um, we are, uh, we're going to ask another question
right now. I live in a small apartment in Brooklyn, New York with two roommates, one of whom uses an
excessive amount of toilet paper. Okay. Just getting a text message here from my father. Can't
can't mute it. Cause it's father's day. And if he needs me, I thought it was in the room.
Fiction. You're a dad too. So it cancels out. That's true. Good point. I live in a small apartment
in Brooklyn, New York with two roommates, one of whom uses an excessive amount of toilet paper.
I'm not exaggerating when I say that she alone goes through at least two rolls alone in one day.
No, you are exaggerating when you say that. Cause that's if that's true, then this person would be
dead just from like all the fluid in their body being absorbed out of them by toilet paper. She
might be cone heads eating it. Uh, I, it's not just that I'm curious about what she does with
the toilet paper. I'm sick of writing 10 stops on the subway every week with 24 rolls of TP
because she never buys her own. It's gotten to the point where I'm hiding my own secret TP
so as not to be caught with my pants down. So to speak, how can I get her to use a reasonable amount
of TP as from feeling shitty in the big city? I'm a little bit disappointed that you have already
gotten to buy your own secret toilet paper. Cause that was going to be my opening salvo.
Absolutely. It was going to be my opening salvo. Now, now I'm at like, um, get a little toilet
paper size toolbox for yourself. You can probably fit three or four rolls in there and then put
like a combination lock on it and then write like Gerald's dookie box on the top.
See, that's too perfect. A TP fiend like this is going to find that instantly
and they're going to bring their own lock picks or they're going to crack it. I say,
you have to hide it in plain sight. Can you make, uh, curtains out of toilet paper in the bathroom?
So like when you need a fix, it's like right there. And she's like, where does she get these
wonderful toys? By which I mean toilet paper. Um, and you'll, you'll know your secret stash.
It's right there in plain view. Two rolls in one day?
Yeah. I mean, I'm still very much with you there, Travis, at the first,
like it's hard for me to mount that first sentence. This is like American Ninja Warrior,
only it starts off with the 12 and a half foot wall. And I just didn't have a really hard time
scaling it so I can take on the other challenges on the course.
That person alone is going through an entire package of toilet paper in like two weeks.
What the fuck? I'm worried.
This is, um, one of the problems with our nation's hangups about not discussing this kind of thing
in public because maybe this person's just using a giganto wad because they think about this for a
second. Okay.
Unless somebody told you, like at what point in your life, if you're using like a giganto wad of
toilet paper every time you beamed and, or number one, um, if you're using like a giganto wad,
who would ever tell you, you don't need that much. You know what I mean?
That's not like a life coach for this kind of thing.
There's probably someone out there using one square who's going to listen to this like,
oh fuck, I could use more squares.
I'll put the tiger on the table and yell at it.
Fucking first time I saw this Sharman commercial, it was like, it's so good.
You only need two squares.
I was like, is that?
Hey, I looked at everybody in the room.
I was like, hey everyone, is that the normal amount of squares?
Cause I do, I'll be, I don't use a giganto wad, but I was using at that point maybe six or seven
because I didn't want to, you know, I didn't want there to be any breach.
I like use enough that I can trick myself into not feeling like I'm using my hand to wipe myself.
Right.
Which like, by the way, let's sidestep this whole question and say,
get like a dope ass bidet installed and do things in the Japanese style, which would fix everything.
Um, uh, I mean, you'd still need to, you would need like at least
one to two squares just for a courtesy wipe, but is this, I don't, I hope this isn't too blue
because I said I was going to put the tiger on the table and we need to confront some stuff
as a nation because this person alone is going to like take down.
Hey, do you remember sequoias?
They used to exist because, but then Melissa just went ham with her beamers and her onesies.
This is called the Melissa park.
It's where the sequoias used to be.
And now it's just Melissa's deforested.
This is good.
You, you confront Melissa and you say you can keep using as much toilet paper,
but every month you have to plant a new tree.
You like you, Melissa, this is like when you cut down a tree, you got to plant too.
Like Melissa needs to start doing that.
You need to find an area for Melissa to plant trees.
And then someone sees Melissa planting like six trees and she's like,
I don't know, Chipotle, right?
It's a rough week.
I went on a cruise.
I don't know what to tell you.
I don't know what to tell you.
Okay.
Oh man.
Um, how do you start this dialogue?
I think you can start it with like, I'm not mad.
I'm extremely worried about you.
Yeah.
Um, I mean, I'd be mad also.
I can be both.
I'm, I'm mad and worried about both of you pretty much constantly.
I'll tell you the truth.
At this point, Melissa, Melissa is not, there's a good chance Melissa is not
aware of where the toilet paper is coming from.
Like she doesn't second guess it.
She just uses it up.
And then there's more cause you keep going and getting it.
And if you went to Melissa and if you went to Melissa and we're like,
Hey, straight up, you're using way too much, way too fast.
And like, I have to go.
Somebody has to go get it.
Something's gotta give Melissa.
Yeah.
You gotta stop eating this like coneheads pasta.
You have to be better, Melissa.
You have to be better.
Hey, how's your, how's your plumbing situation, gang?
How's the, how's the pipes like at this house?
Cause I bet they're not great.
I bet it's not a not great scene.
Yeah.
I have to buy toilet paper every day, every waking day of my life.
And also we spend $700 on plumbing every day.
And my whole neighborhood is flooded constantly.
The utilities are not great here in Atlantis.
I think that you should, I think that you should brick over the bathroom door.
I think you should cask of a Montelotto your own bathroom.
And then when this person says, I'd like to use the bathroom, please.
You say, we've never had a bathroom.
That would be very expensive.
Not everybody in New York can afford a bathroom.
And you start going to bathroom and whatever establishment will have you.
It's New York.
There's a lot of different places with bathrooms.
And you're gonna have to make that sacrifice
if you really want to stop buying TP.
It's your only option.
Yeah, or you just fucking play the most high stakes game of chicken ever.
And you don't buy TP anymore.
You tell your other mate, no more buying TP.
It's gonna be a lean week.
You say to them, giving your good, giving your good roommate fair warning,
but not telling your bad roommate anything.
And your bad roommate, you'll be like,
where's toilet claws?
And you say, what the fuck did you just say?
You know, toilet claws.
He brings new TP every day.
So I can use a big ginormo wad to feel comfortable.
And you say that.
Sometimes I just throw some away just so he'll come back.
Hey, hold on a second.
Something just occurred to me.
You live with two roommates and one of them uses an excessive amount of toilet.
One of them is toilet claws.
What kind of QPRO work did you have to conduct to decipher exactly which one of the roommates
was using an incongruous amount of toilet paper?
What sort of like, I mean, CSI stuff had to happen?
The only thing that makes sense is you go in to the junk room
and you unspool one of those bad boys and you count each square.
And then you wait for the trap to be sprung.
And then when you come back and there's no toilet paper anywhere in the house anymore,
after one bathroom visit from somebody, that was the one who did it.
I put a human hair across this toilet paper.
Also the toilet has flooded the entire city.
Then it was that one who did that did the thing that was so bad.
Could you start using more toilet paper?
Could you somehow fix this problem by amping up your toilet paper to like even like twice
what this person is doing?
I'm talking about if you're mowing through four rolls a day until they're forced to start
buying their own rolls of toilet paper, maybe they'll like start the conversation with you.
If you're looking for like an easy way to get into it.
Say, okay, I'll make you a deal.
How about we all come back to one roll per day and that that way at least you're cutting
them in half, right?
Like that's progress.
I would also argue that one roll a day is still excessive.
Quite a bit, quite a bit.
Is this what that song Big Yellow Taxi is about?
This Yahoo was sent in by Christopher Lamp.
Thank you, Christopher.
It's by Yahoo Answers user consumer who asks,
why can't we grow burger in tree?
Why can't we grow burger in tree?
What?
Why can't we grow burger in tree?
One more again.
Why can't we grow burger in tree?
It's a, it's you read it and you think, well, this is just goofy.
But then you think about like, we got fucking Soylent now.
We got fucking, you know, to real life to Mac.
Oh, like the things are happening in the science space.
Why can't we go burger?
Why can't we go burger in tree?
So in Big Top Pee Wee, there was definitely a bush that grew hot dog like cocktail Franks.
Yes.
Is that anything?
Is that something?
Does that get us closer to why can't we grow burger in tree?
Oh, the question is, are we trying to grow fully constructed burgers?
Is it okay if it's in pieces and you put it together yourself?
Yeah, yeah.
Can there be a bun tree, a burger tree?
In this fucking fantasy world that we've created for ourselves where burger grow in tree,
we still got to do a little bit of work.
We still, we can't get, you know, we still got to cook the meat, for example.
I'm just saying that science could probably tackle this easier if we're willing to do it in pieces
rather than trying to grow fully formed, constructed, grilled.
But are the burgers growing grilled?
Okay, this is actually an excellent point, Travis, because let's say we did grow burger in tree.
Okay, okay.
All right.
Try to think of an optimal point at which you would like a hamburger blossom to emerge, right?
Yeah.
If it emerged fully done and paddied out, it probably doesn't have the toppings you want on it.
It would take forever to GMO the right toppings for everybody.
So it would have to be designer for everybody.
The cost of that would be astronomical.
If it grew hot, you would have to pluck that baby right when it was fresh,
or else you're going to be eating a stale old hamburger,
which as anybody can tell you is terrible.
If you grow them at their uncooked point,
then you're talking about like a child sitting underneath the shade of their favorite burger tree,
and then all of a sudden, like they're just reading, and then like, just all meat falls in there.
Like all rotten meat falls in their head.
That's not a good image.
Now, devil's advocate, there is grosser stuff currently growing in trees right now, this minute, than old meat.
I'm talking about an old crabapple falls on your head and just splonches down there and ruins the book you're reading.
Hello.
You're saying that's worse than a big slimy crabby patty falling on-
Yeah, I'm not going to go with you on this one, Griffith.
Yeah, no way.
No way.
That's the worst thing.
A big old durian fruit falls out of a tree, hits the ground, splonk.
How's the worst smell?
It's not ideal.
Maybe the answer is we go underground and we grow them like potatoes.
Yes, so that way they're kept safe by the earth and you pull them up and maybe they're already foil wrapped.
You plant them foil wrapped, hear me out.
Okay.
You plant the bulbs foil wrapped so that when the burger forms under the ground,
it's already foil wrapped and ready for your consumption.
You don't need to worry about worms or nothing.
You guys are taking, and it's fun and we're having a really great time,
but you guys are taking a Harry Potter fucking labyrinth fucking fantasy approach to this.
Well, meanwhile, I'm over here googling just to make sure that the science is real on this one
or it could be in my lifetime.
You know what I mean?
Maybe we could be a little bit more respectful.
What's up, Trav?
I've got it.
As long as we're willing to bend our concept of burger a little bit,
a black bean burger.
It's right there.
It's already vegetable based.
Now we're cooking with gas.
This is good.
This is good progress.
What am bread even?
Wheat.
Hello.
Hello.
Put some of that DNA in there.
We grow the tomatoes in slice form.
DNA is in everything and it informs what the thing is.
Right now I'm looking at a cup, right?
I'm looking at a cup and it's full of water.
Obviously the water DNA is just H2O.
Like we already cracked that one.
The human DNA is like so complex and they won't figure that out until they, you know,
stem cells is like good.
But I'm looking at the cup right now.
And the cup is just like, what are its tea cags at?
And those are the letters that make up DNA.
Because maybe if a few of them were different, it would be speakers,
which is another thing that I'm just looking at right now.
Or if there were a lot more of the DNA and they were in like a really specific place,
it would be Griffin.
It would be me.
Exactly.
The cup would be me.
So like, I'm saying we take the seed and we put some of the wheat DNA.
We put some of the black bean DNA.
We put some of the mayonnaise DNA.
That one's going to be tricky, but, and then there it is.
Bob's your uncle.
But is plant-based the way to go?
Cause we could spice that DNA with say like a fish and we end up with like a burger shaped
fish or a fish shaped burger.
And maybe you're going to get more of the, you know, the proteins, more of the actual
like goodness from like, if you had, I don't know, like you spliced it with maybe like
a rat or something like that.
Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That's horrible.
Let's stick with the, let's keep it edible, huh?
But what I don't like about the, including animal matter in the thing, I don't want to
look up at a tree and see like a bunch of these guys just swinging around because they
would be alive.
It's like you'd walk to continue the analogy.
Oh, that's too cloudy with a chance of meatball shit.
Well, it would be like cloudy with a chance of horror when you look up and all of these
burgers are definitely alive, right?
Cause they're connected to the tree and the tree is just like, a tree is basically just
fruit placenta.
Yeah.
And these guys would be just like flipping around, flopping around.
So you're under the tree reading your, reading a book and then, but then there would be like
just little yells, just little, little, little yelling sounds.
We were really quick to dismiss this, but I feel like we needed to do a little bit of
table setting before we even discussed the, the practicality of this.
So I have a question for you two and I want you to answer me honestly.
Okay.
And 90s kids will love this one.
Did you ever play in a burger?
What?
Did you ever play in a burger?
I, I haven't.
No.
Huh.
Hmm.
It's interesting, isn't it?
You just sort of took science at face value.
You know, Gregor Mendel would have planted a hamburger because he wasn't satisfied with
understanding DNA as well as we do today.
He couldn't do that.
He didn't have that luxury.
So he had to start from ground zero.
Number two was P's AGTC loving it.
Like just learning, learning, growing, setting the standard.
But before that, before that, before that.
Directly before earlier that day, the one you people don't tell you about is he planted
a burger and people were like, are you sure?
And he's like, I don't know.
But it starts with a question, doesn't it?
Three, two, one contacts.
Three, two, one contacts.
Exactly.
Bloodhound gang.
This is what I'm saying.
Travis gets it.
90s kids.
Did you ever play in a hamburger?
How about, how about this television show that the three of us are unconsciously writing
together right now?
And it is the knack or the knick.
These, these doctors have a knack for killing people.
But it's like that where it's just like early science days, early science days, pre X-ray,
just figuring the shit out.
But instead of like doctors just like, I bet I can get that heart out of there plum quick.
Oops, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
It's Gregor Mendel.
And he's like, I need, I would like two burgers.
And so far, if most of this, some of the stuff you put in the ground, you get more of it
out guys, duh, burger ground.
I would like a, like kind of a montage of him like cutting a burger in half and floating
it in a jar of water and looking for like roots.
Just like, where is it?
Where the root, oh, it needs more sunshine.
And the show would be called The Dick.
It's just Gregor Mendel, Mendel planting things.
Well, that wouldn't be the only, that wouldn't be the only dumb experiment he does, but it
would be, that's an episode right there.
That's an episode that right, that one writes itself.
Or maybe it's like Gregor Mendel's brother.
And you like make Gregor Mendel a character who keeps coming and going, stop, just stop.
What are you doing?
Just stop.
And then like the series finale spoiler is like, he does it and something grows.
And you see like a little shoot of green credits.
I think that this is like the-
Coming soon to see so.
Coming soon to see so, The Dick.
The Dick, what?
Hey, are we married to that name?
Sorry, are you married to The Dick?
Oh, you know I'm married to The Dick.
I already got the Twitter handle.
It's The Dick on Showtime.
I was very optimistic about it.
We pan up, lights up on Sandor Mendel and he is planting hamburgers everywhere.
French fries, yeah, those worked.
So he starts with French fries and he's like, okay, definitely these do work.
So next up, maybe I'm gonna try a hamburger.
And you're probably laughing at him, but there's probably somebody at home who's like,
I wonder how this is gonna shake out.
They wouldn't have made the show if there wasn't some end game to this.
Episode two, Gregor Mendel ties a phone to a balloon so he can talk to God.
No Greg, we're talking about Sandor Mendel.
His little brother.
Gregor's brother.
Oh yes, he's great too, very funny.
Very funny.
I'm imagining sort of Joseph Gordon-Levitt mixed with French stir.
Kind of like has the good, the pretty boy looks, but also the great comic timing.
And the fucking bad boy.
Which one are we talking about?
Cause they're both funny and they're both adorable.
And that fucking bad boy body.
So the first shot, we have a shirtless Sandor Mendel and he's just grabbing whatever detritus
he can fit into the ground.
He's not even using a shovel.
He's so excited about this new project.
He's shirtless though, right?
Shirtless and kind of oiled up.
He's shirtless, but he's like digging.
He's been digging in the ground.
You know what I mean?
It's a hard one shirtless.
And we're talking primo daddy, yeah?
Oh yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm thinking the forums are gonna light up over this one.
Yeah, they're gonna love it.
If we're picking a scars guard for this role, we're definitely gonna go
with like an Alexander over Stellan.
If you know what I'm saying, Daniel.
Got it.
Yeah, a slice of man pie.
And the final episode of the first season is he plants his own dick.
And what happens is he's like, well, other things grow, please.
Please just this once.
And then that one comes out.
And then we, the three show runners get on Twitter like,
and that's why we called it that.
Now shut the fuck up.
We had a plan the whole time.
You guys gotta trust me for once.
We have seven seasons of this shit.
The only problem is we've gotten ahead of the guy writing the dick novels.
By season two, we are completely in undiscovered country at this point.
It is completely playing by our own rules.
But you know why I actually kind of like that, Justin?
Cause the problem was everything we did in season one,
people would sit there and go like,
I can tell you exactly what's gonna happen.
Or like that was different than it was in like the third chapter of the eighth book.
And it's like, okay, we're just, we're making a separate art piece.
I know that it's based on a thing, but this is a different entity.
We should have gone to the money zone about 10 minutes ago.
Our timing is a bit off this time, gang.
That's all right.
Griffin, take us there.
Okay, let me throw the lever.
Are we there?
Yeah, we're here.
How is it?
Not good so far.
It's kind of a slow introduction.
My brother, my brother and me is supported in part by Casper.
We've talked about Casper before.
Are you guys aware of Casper?
You know beds?
You know how sometimes mattresses suck?
You know, they're all lumpy.
They got springs in them or whatever.
Most of the time they're not.
Right?
Not from Casper.
I sleep on a Casper mattress every night.
And it's like, let's see, what can I say?
A realistic comparison to people.
It's like sleeping on a giant's dream.
Is that what it's like?
It's exactly like that.
And they've got a risk-free trial and return policy.
You can try sleeping on Casper for 100 days.
And it's delivered to you free in the US and Canada.
And it's got painless returns, which is great.
Because I'm sick of returning things and people making me walk on coals
and stabbing me with needles to return the shirt I got at Target.
And it comes to you in a box and you cut open the plastic
and it unfolds open like a giant version of those little capsules
you used to put in warm water and they would unfold into a space man.
It's like that, but a mattress you can sleep on.
It's every person's dream.
And right now there's a special offer for listeners of My Brother, My Brother and Me.
You can get $50 towards any mattress purchase
if you go to Casper.com slash My Brother
and use the promo code My Brother, all one word.
Terms and conditions apply.
I assume those terms and conditions are like comfy and sleepiness.
Yeah, if you look at the bottom of the paperwork,
it just says comfy sleepiness on it.
So that should be good.
So go check that out.
Casper.com slash My Brother, promo code My Brother, all one word.
What else we got, Griffin?
We got this one for Blue Apron, guys.
Blue Apron!
Blue Apron's the best.
I know of Blue Apron.
We talk about all the time all three of us use Blue Apron.
It literally changed my life.
It taught me how to cook.
I cook a couple times a week now.
Here's the deal.
They send you the ingredients that you need.
Fresh, amazing ingredients to cook however many meals you sign up for in a week.
They have various options based on your dietary habits
and they are incredible.
You can get stuff like ramen noodles.
You can get fresh heirloom tomatoes.
What are some of that?
Oh, here's some of the meals that are available in June.
Got spicy Korean rice cakes with snow peas and pea shoots.
Got sweet chili ponzu catfish and green beans with coconut ginger rice.
Got New England style salmon rolls with roasted potatoes and chives.
We, what I really like about Blue Apron is when we're signed up,
we get three meals every week.
If you're going to be out of town for a week,
you just get online and go to the website and say,
hey, I got to skip next week and they don't send you next week.
It's not a big deal.
I had to do that for E3 last week and I was heartbroken
to not get the delicious meals that were sent to our door.
I was so excited about Blue Apron.
I was sad I was not going to be in town to cook.
That is how balling Blue Apron is.
Anyway, if you go check out this week's menu,
you can get your first two meals free with free shipping
by going to blueapron.com slash my brother.
Again, blueapron.com slash my brother.
I am not being hyperbolic.
This is not fucking corporate shilling.
That shit is amazing and you should do it
and learn to cook and get better at cooking.
Okay.
You sold me.
Sure.
I got to read the tagline, Blue Apron, a better way to cook.
I'm in.
Sign me up.
Justin, do you have a personal message?
Just kidding, Travis.
I already get Blue Apron.
Did you see though?
That's the kind of realistic emotion that I have.
I believed every second of it.
Justin, you had me.
I got a message from Mason and this is for Autry Johnson
and the message reads this.
If the fox jumps where the tigers play,
the fox will break its back.
And this is preferred to air before the third blood moon.
Yeah, dig it, dig it, dig it, dig it.
Yeah.
We made it just barely, I think.
I hope Autry listens to this in time.
I hope Autry is not a couple episodes behind
or else we missed it.
But usually we get an email message to ask us
if a Jumbotron message is too weird to read.
It is a shockingly frequent occurrence.
Did not get a heads up on this one.
Yeah.
So hopefully someone at MaxFunHQ knows something
and we do not know that this is not an activation.
I'm worried that we just like read a coded like dark brotherhood contract
and there's somebody out there.
Well, Autry Johnson heard this and was like,
fox jumps with the tigers play, oh, okay.
Judge Lance Edo it is.
I hope we got the intonation right then.
Yeah.
I hope we didn't accidentally put the hit out on Eto.
Swap a word somewhere and all of a sudden Eto is going down.
Tigers is capitalized.
I don't know if that, does that matter?
Does that matter?
I got a message from JBW4MJB and it reads,
Happy first anniversary of the coolest, hottest video games husboo in the whole world.
Our surprise wedding was the longest con of 2015
and I'm glad we're working to regain the trust of our loved ones in 2016.
My life with you is more awesome than I ever imagined life could be
and I love you with all of my heart.
And that is so sweet.
And you know what the sweetest part about this is?
What's that?
We got it in the exact right window.
So there.
So there. My bet there is that's because JBW bought this six months in advance
as we have instructed all folks to do.
I still, every so often coming through those old emails,
get a, hey, today is my brother's birthday.
Can you say something?
Holler at your boy.
JBWMJB, congratulations on your love,
on your punctuality, on your foresight,
and on your love.
New to Maximum Fun, the Beef and Dairy Network podcast.
The number one podcast for those involved
or just interested in the production of beef animals and dairy herds.
All sponsored by Grazex, the latest grass replacement pellet from Mitchell's.
If it's not Mitchell's, get back in the truck.
Find us at maximumfun.org or on iTunes or wherever you get your podcasts from.
And if it's not clear, this is a comedy podcast.
Beef out.
I ran into a friend in the library today while studying
and mentioned in passing that I was hungry.
He offered me some chips, which I accepted.
Then he pulled a family size bag of potato chips out of his bag,
set it down on my desk and said, here you go.
And then walked, sit at a table at the opposite end of the room from me.
Oh shit.
My question is how much of this bag of chips am I allowed or supposed to eat?
At what point do I return the bag to him?
That's from Delaney.
This is hysterical and I don't think this person got what this person just did to you.
They turned you into a legendary like mythic figure in this library of like,
oh man, Dr. Munch is back.
How was your book?
Yeah, he sat there.
He munched for six hours.
How was the library?
Not good.
I was reading a book and I was getting super into it,
but then Dr. Munch rolled around and you know how hard it is to focus.
Yeah.
When Munch comes to town.
When Munch comes to town, starts just chowing down on his KC Masterpiece flavored Lays.
And just bemoaning as he walks around.
I don't even like the KC Masterpiece Lays.
Where oh where is my friend?
Has anyone seen my friend?
He left me with this burden.
That would be weird.
That's weird.
It's weird also that you were hungry and your friend was like,
do you want some chips?
And your friend had no obvious chips.
No extant chips.
And you're like, yeah, yeah.
You're saying this question asker should have been like, you don't have any chips.
I see no chips.
Is this some kind of goof?
This is what, oh fuck this rules.
This is like the best prank.
This is the best question we've maybe ever gotten.
Here's why.
A, it made me very happy.
B, library is no place for chips.
That's great.
Just the juxtaposition is really-
Crinkly bag, crunchy chip, fat all around.
C, you got a bunch of free chips.
That's excellent.
And that's arguably the best thing.
Like there's some bad stuff that happened too,
but like hang your hat on the fact that you ended this transaction
with a whole bunch of free chips and that's great.
D, it's a very-
Those are the best pranks, by the way.
Yeah.
The pranks where it's like, this was funny,
but I still ended up with something positive out of it.
Right, for sure.
D, oh, that's what I like about punk.
It's like, ah, we got you, but you're not really gonna die.
And you get to hang out with Ashton Kutcher all day, you're welcome.
Yeah, it's kind of like a small scale improv anywhere exercise.
Now D, if this was a prank, it was possibly the greatest prank of all time.
It was the most, it's a very abstract form of embarrassment.
You have a very large bag of chips in a place where those shouldn't be.
Although really, gang, I would challenge anyone to think about a place
where it'd be acceptable to just like go hog
on a big old family-sized bag of Bakelays by yourself.
Like there is no, like what's the place on earth
with like the least amount of like a baseball game?
Still, no, put the big bag away.
There are smaller bags that are made for this occasion.
The way I can prove it's a prank is
is no one puts a family-sized bag of chips into their bag
that was not planning their afternoon around eating those chips.
Like you don't just like just in case bring along
a family-sized bag of KC Masterpiece Lays.
And if you were, you don't hand them off
and then lose contact with them.
You're mama birding that shit to make sure you get back
for your planned a chip feast later on that afternoon.
You have got it on an emotional tether at all times.
Are we all three assuming, sorry, real quick,
are we all three assuming that this bag was unopened
when delivered to said friend?
If not, then I just, I know,
because this question actually seems like
just a really solid sturdy person.
They would have said, put that back in your bag.
Okay.
I don't need, I'm not gonna eat your big open bag of chips.
Thank you, those could be very old.
I have, one of the things about having
an almost two-year-old living in my house now
is that if a package is returned to the cupboard,
then when I extract it from the cupboard
and start enjoying it,
say I'm about to enjoy some goldfish,
a lot of times I'll get an unopened
or I'll get a pre-opened package out of the cupboard
and I'll begin enjoying it
and I'll notice my wife give me kind of like a side eye,
like, oh, that's, oh, okay.
And I'll ask her like, what's up?
And she'll inform me that my daughter had licked
some of them or jammed too many in her mouth
and put them back in the bag.
Cool, cool.
So it's like, to me, in my house,
if I see something opened, it doesn't exist anymore.
Yeah.
I'm just gonna throw it away.
That is marked to be thrown away in the garbage later
because there's no way I'm gonna try to like
like pan for that kind of gold.
No, thank you.
You don't have like an idea of like
how to get the sticky stuff out?
You don't have a-
What do you mean?
You know, you reach in and you touch it
and it's obviously which ones have been baby mouthed
and so you don't eat those ones.
I don't see what the big deal is.
Well, I'll tell you what, Griffin,
when you come to Huntington's-
No, I appreciate the fucking protest.
I'll have you rifle through my fucking snacks
and just plink out the ones that my baby ate.
Well, you don't need me.
You could get like a sandpiper or something.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Pour them out in a bowl and you say,
Mr. Sandpiper, go for it.
And that sandpiper will get the good ones out.
Of course, then you'll have to contend with the sand fleas.
Maybe I could dump them all out in a single layer,
turn off all the lights and then spray them with luminol.
Yeah.
And then the ones that reacted to the luminol,
I could safely dispose of.
Not just any luminol, sour cream and chives luminol.
CSI baby touching.
That's kind of like a treat to me at the end, right?
Because it's like, well, I had to spray these all with luminol,
but at least they're zesty.
What if you spread them out and you spray luminol all over them
and then you put a black light over them
and it spells out, Happy Father's Day, Daddy.
I love you so much.
Oh, my God, baby geniuses.
You didn't even think about baby geniuses' craft work.
Do you ever think about whether or not Charlie's a baby genius?
But I'm not saying smart.
I mean, like, can talk.
From the movie.
Can talk when you're not around.
To dogs.
Can dance.
Can break dance.
Can dance.
Can break dance.
Can't steal the Constitution with Nick Cage.
Can understand complex humor and satire.
Does have, oh, sorry, Trav.
If I could just have a moment of your time away from the podcast.
Were you, for a second, implying that in the film Baby Geniuses,
there was, and I believe I'm quoting it directly,
complex humor and satire in the Baby Geniuses films?
Oh, I mean, if you look at it, Justin,
I think it's supposed to be that they made an inverse
in which the babies act more adults
and the adults act more childish
and it's kind of turning our whole society on its ear.
So I think when viewed through that lens,
you will find that the Baby Genius movie,
which admittedly I have not seen,
is a real cutting commentary on the American government.
Okay, Trav, if you could,
maybe you could go through sort of precedent for me
and name some other comedies that were,
that were, you know, real thinkers,
like really challenging material
that featured prominently little people
pretending to be babies with babies heads superimposed over.
I'm gonna say that's Baby's Day Out.
Did not happen in that movie, that was a real baby.
Let's see, what else?
What was that, Rugrats?
The live action Rugrats they made
that was never released in America.
Oh, right, the Japanese Rugrats with live babies.
Yeah, that was little people with babies superimposed over them.
And also-
How did that not scrub the Baby Geniuses project?
When they're in their first pre-pro meeting
and one person's like, I got one way we could do it,
how did someone say like, well,
we have to come up with a better way than that
or we can't make this film?
I'm sorry, Doug, what the fuck did you just say?
We can't make the film because the one way we have to do it
is the absolute pits.
Obviously, in the first focus test,
somebody was just like, I just hate this.
Ah, man, I just really hate looking at this.
I saw the concept art and I hated that
and then I saw some of the stills and I hated that the most
and you've got two whole hours on celluloid for this.
Excuse me, producers, how did this get made?
Well, we shot 90% of it except for that
and we kept thinking we'd come up with a better answer
other than superimposing baby heads
onto adult little people's bodies
and we didn't and then we were kind of pot committed.
I have a question that will consume the rest of your days
and the rest of the days of the listeners of the show.
So if you would like to not listen to this question,
just skip ahead 30 seconds.
But if you're a little person performer
and you are performing as one of the baby geniuses
and you know that your face will be superimposed
over with a baby's face,
what do you do with your face while you are performing?
There are several different options.
Each one is worse than the one before it.
It is a Russian nesting doll of just like existential horror
of like, what do you do with your face
while you are performing as the baby body?
There had to be one actor who like committed face
to match what they were doing
as though it would not be superimposed with a baby face
while all the actors were like,
can you fucking believe Doug?
Can you believe Doug?
He's doing baby faces.
Like what the fuck, Doug?
By the way, I wanna make it 100% clear.
I lay no blame at the fault of the little people
that perform in this film as the babies.
You get that money and you make Hollywood pay
for what they've done to you for generations.
I'm with you on that.
I stand in unity.
I'm just curious, what did you do with your face
the whole time?
Because there's like blank, is that good?
It's just like complete deadpan,
just like Buster Keaton stone face.
Like, could you smile?
Why?
Why would I?
Exactly, give me a reason to smile ever again
and I'll light up this room with these pearly whites.
So that's gonna do it for us here on,
remember me, we hope you've had a lot of fun
listening to the program.
We sure have had a lot of fun talking to you
for this past hour.
We love you very much.
And thank you as always for listening.
You're a real champ.
I have a fun thing that I'm gonna be doing
that I wanted to make sure everyone knew about.
Coming up this Friday, the 24th,
Geek and Sundry, along with Smart Girls of the Party,
Amy Poehler's project, is doing a 24 hour variety show
live streaming to benefit the muscular dystrophy charity,
MDA, and I'm gonna be performing in the first hour of it
starting at 7 p.m.
And I want everybody to like check that out.
I don't have the-
7 p.m. what time zone?
Oh, 7 p.m. Pacific time, Friday night.
I don't have the URL yet,
but I will be tweeting it and pushing it
and I want everybody to come check that out.
So do that.
It's gonna be fun.
Um, I want to thank Sean Roderick
and the Long Winters for using our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a wonderful album you should go listen to.
And hey, go to MaximumFun.org
and go listen to some other podcasts on the network
that we belong to, which is Maximum Fun,
because it's a great network
and you're gonna love all the programs on there.
I'm talking about shows like Getting Curious,
talking about shows like Stop Podcasting Yourself,
talking about shows like Judge Sean Hodgman,
all these great shows and more, all at MaximumFun.org,
or you can find all the podcasts that we do
and all the video stuff that we do at McElroyShows.com.
I also wanted everyone to know
we're doing that live show in Boston
and we are working on a new poster for that
that is gonna just blow all of you away.
It's gonna knock your socks so far off.
Yeah, really excited.
You won't ever find them again.
Uh, is that it?
Anything else?
Uh, real quick, because we haven't recorded again
since it happened.
Uh, I wanna say a big congratulations
to our friend Lin-Manuel Miranda
for his, uh, multiple Tony wins.
Uh, congratulations, Lin.
Many Tonys.
Hey, look, I look forward to holding that Tony
and seeing how fast I can make the little medallion spin
a dream come true.
I look forward to snapping that out
when you're not looking, Lin,
and then taking it home
for the world's most radical Pog Slammer.
Pog Slammer, the world's most radical
and the world's most prestigious
Tony Boney Pog Slammer.
They call him Tony Boney
and he's the best slammer around.
Who you got on your Pogs today, Alf?
Huh, that's neat.
They're mine now, idiot.
Should've known better.
This thing's heavy as fuck.
And prestigious as shit.
It's super prestigious, but more importantly,
it slams like a motherfucker.
Lin, right now, is looking at his Tonys.
He does have more than one.
I could spare one.
I could spare one.
Oh, I'll break one of these bad boys down.
This is a Yahoo!
Finally, a Yahoo!
is sent in by Aaron Keith.
Thank you.
It's by Yahoo!
Answers user Mark, who asks...
Sorry, I love it so much.
Would anime be affected if Donald Trump became president?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad, square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
Let's be honest.
We live in a world with too much media.
You need a podcast on the front lines figuring out what's great.
We're here for you.
We're PopRocket.
I am Guy Branham.
I'm a comedian.
I'm Wynton Mitchell.
I call myself a digital strategist.
I'm Oliver Wang, academic and disc junkie.
Margaret Wappler, je suis es journaliste.
And we watch, listen to, and read everything so that you don't have to.
And then we tell you about all the things that you'll love to love.
Find us in iTunes or wherever you download podcasts.
PopRocket, every Wednesday from Maximumfun.org.
