The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era
I'm your boldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your midwest brother Travis big dog whoo whoo whoo for McElroy
This is the show this is my brother my brother meets an advice show
Looking up I was I was logging into the app of just of note today
Okay, talk about you were jacking in I was I was hacking in jacking in
You jacking them in so
I'm huge on tick-tock. Yeah, and yes
I just want to talk about it because is it your character where you talk about cryptocurrency trends now?
It's not crypto kid damn that hasn't found purchase in the soil crypto kid did not
Catch catch on easy the one where you just kind of posted a video of some guys
That vaguely look like a love child of our dad and Paul's the born singing a song together
What no that was oh?
No, you did it the music from
That's music for the mercenaries. It would take far too long to yeah
this is um, I will I will tell you I will play the art of the audio this becoming comes such a big hit and
This is a touchstone of my childhood
That I've been trying to get going again for years. Yeah
So let me just play this and then we'll like move on from there. Give me one second
When I was a little lad if I wanted berries and cream and mommy made me do the little lad dance
Now mummy's gone, but I still like to do the little lad dance and you might too you just
Run in place
Nice form. So this is him like telling you how to do it. But here's the actual idea. It looks a little something like this
You look wonderful now sing the berries and cream song
Sing the berries and cream song
Berries and cream berries and cream. I'm a little lad who loves berries and cream up the octave. Go for it
So I've been trying to get this guy to make a comeback for a very long time by the way
He's now a dance teacher. Yeah, who does not like to talk about the little no
Jack Ferver
his genre defying performances which have been called so extreme that they sometimes look and feel like
exorcisms
Explore the tragic comedy of the human psyche, but also he was the berries and cream boy
Also, he fucking loves berries and cream and please don't mention it cuz he don't like it. He don't like to talk
Because I like it so much
So here's the thing I put this sound up and I I wrote
I just uploaded the sound as a as a public service right take time. Yeah. Yeah, and I just wrote on there
Please make great art with this sound. It's what we all need and it's at dormant since
January 5th and then at some point in August all of the teens. Yes
All of the teens decided they could do something really special with this sound
And so far it the the video itself, which is not even like a good predictor of
of okay, the this the sound has been used in
12600
a
Normal amount a lot. Oh, it's a lot a lot a lot
That's a lot. That's a lot. I don't know
It's so big and it went viral and here's the thing about it guys
I'm a creative professional, right?
If I may be so bold like I'm in an entertainer
I'm a creative professional, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Definitely. Definitely. It is almost now a
hundred percent assured
that the biggest
cultural impact I will have
Speaking in a global sense is the fact that I uploaded a clip of the Berries and Green Boy
Nothing I do after or before
in terms of scope
Will reach as many people as the time I clicked upload on the Berries and Green Boy dance
When when we get to the 2024 election cycle and MSNBC brings you on to get your thoughts because I believe by that point
You will be I don't know maybe a lawyer or a political commentator your caption at the bottom will say Justin McElroy
Berries and cream amplifier
and flu you are
You are living the first line of your obituary
Right, right. I'm in it
Justin McElroy primarily known for putting berries and cream sound on tik-tok died today when he was murdered by jack
Fervor, whoa, Justin was the berries and cream guy. No, no
He put the sound up on the tik-tok app and all and then he was the biggest thing he's ever
Subsequently murdered by the berries
The truth of this is just a career I thought it would be fun to talk about
The truth of it is crushed. Yeah. No, it's
Crushing me there's
12,600 videos
Millions upon millions of views of my greatest work, which is uploading the South for the Paris
Great point. Yeah, it's like when Michelangelo unveiled the roof of the the Sistine Chapel
But then while he was doing it he farted and then that's all people would talk about for the rest of his life
Even that Travis, it's not even that trap. It's like it's like if Michelangelo
Told everybody a dirty limerick that he heard when he was a kid and that was the thing
Everybody was like, oh, yeah, Michelangelo. He's the one that always used to recite that dirty limerick for everybody
I love that. Hey check out the ceiling of this beautiful building
It was painted by that guy who retold that dirty limerick. Yeah, who recited a dirty limerick from memory
Except it's like it's even worse than that because it's from a Starburst
Yeah, it's not even like a funny clip from a movie or a song
It would be like if Michelangelo's great claim to fame was he recited this McDonald's commercial from memory
And we all loved it so much
It was better than his paintings for sure. That actually would be pretty amazing if it was like Michelangelo saying ba-da-ba-ba-ba
I'm loving it first. But because something had traveled back in time and
Influenced him to do that
Like we love like you guys know like
Sure, we love the nerd shit, you know what I mean?
Like Dungeons and Dragons and Munch Squad and all this garbage. But like our dream is always
Like to be able to break free of it, you know what I mean?
And to be our own like to not to just be a mainstream success. We're fake geek boys is what we are. Yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm ready to shed that. Who's somebody who's like
Oh, man, I was trying to think of somebody who has done this and has not come crashing back down to earth like fucking problematic
Icarus hold on. Give me a second
No, I don't have anybody but you
Just sort of like conceptually it might be possible. Yeah
It will definitely be us who will make this succeed. We'll be the first ones, but it's like I finally found mainstream success and
The real double whammy is it's not even a way. I'll financially
Stolen content that I don't have the right to reproduce now
Yes, I would go so far as to say juice. Not only will you not financially benefit from it?
You will not brand wise benefit from no
There will be no increase in your SEO because of it you will find
Literally, no benefit for your great work the actual the only actual repercussion
Might be actually that I find myself at the center of a tawdry
legal threat now, but from that verse incorporated that's something you could make into a
You could make a movie out of that yeah
The guy that the guy that got sued by starburst I love that guy what a hero to the people it wouldn't be that
Please you have to you have to come testify. No, I don't like talking about the berries and cream thing anymore Jack
Please please Jack you have to go testify
Me and Jack Ferber have a thing in common now. Yeah, I don't want to talk about the birds
It's a great thing anymore. Now you get other stuff, you know
You understand why he is the way he is about the berries and cream ad because you also don't want to be just that
There is also a possibility here and I don't want to get too meta here
But this is such a specific reference and such a weird thing that was created back in like 2000 whatever
that it's possible that this is something Justin puts out right and some youth sees it now who never saw the
Commercial and then eventually time travel is created
They go back in time tell someone about it before the commercial is made and inspires the commercial be made and it is that loop
That allows our like universe to continue to interesting. Here is how bad that also doesn't benefit Justin though
Badly, I've bungled this. Yeah, even if you were to go through to my tik-tok page. Here's what you would find
My username is hoops McElroy. No, that is not my name. Okay, can't search that
My icon is a picture of four chicken nuggets with their labels on them
That's not helping make me and I have no bio. There's no way I have made the perfect
Perfect dead end for content. There is no way I could benefit from this
Yeah, you fucked it up, but I guarantee you juice
Superbowl
2022 oh
Yeah, he's back. He's back in a big way
It's like how it State Farm was like hey guys, remember Jake from State Farm now, he's back in all the shit
Starburst is gonna be like one more ride Jack. He's like I can't I've talked so much shit
But they're like check out this dope tik-tok. I can at least at least fix the bio. He at least fix the bio
Uploaded berries and cream sound. Yeah. Hama. Yep. That's me. It's all rights reserved
No rights, no rights
Creative comments 3.0 attribution license berries and cream funny video tik-tok
Justin could we?
attempt to parlay this into you
Becoming the next berries and cream spokesperson
Right now you're now there's brand Association. I
Can't overstate the extent to which
This can't this doesn't help me at all. No, not without a little elbow grease
You got might as well be anonymous. I get might as well be anonymous
You you think anonymous can help you?
Maybe anonymous could change that sound towards like Justin McElroy does different podcasts. You can listen to it and donate to him
Listen, maybe they can all the anonymous can figure out a way to anonymous is listening. First of all, thank you
We're flattered second of all any insight any help you can offer here as to how I guess we can
Hack the berries and cream sounds. Yes
Let us know please and the biggest outcome of this would be it is if Starburst brought back berries and cream
Flavor fruit juice because those were pretty fucking good
I think we can all agree and Justin if you could do something with tastations next and see
Bring those love that. All right, please bring back tastations. All right, let's let's get let's do our show
Yeah, so I don't know why you would listen to us
No at this point like seeing how badly I've bungled this
Well, they were checking to see if you would do more that berries and cream content that they love and hey, look at that
We did you did it? Yeah, here I am. You've probably found your way
To the podcast because I'm so famous from when I uploaded berries and cream that one time
Yeah, it's so weird to listen back to this now that you're president in 2024
Yeah, you know, it's like how do they get started? I will not benefit from this at all
I've wasted it. I wasted my big shot at
Like what this happens to people right like green shirt guy, right?
You know green shirt guy who was in that one meme where he was laughing. Oh Ken bone. No, that's red. She
It doesn't matter for my jokes they're both on cameo and like they're
a green shirt guy who is laughing in that one meme is on cameo and he'll send the cameo to your friends and family but
Like does he wear a green shirt? He has yes. We're a great shirt. Never video
Um, I hope he's
This week I'll tell you guys as I was putting the other question list, I think it really helps some people this week
Got some real nice change of pay actionable emails
I've been seeing my current partner for about two years. Most of it being long-distance due to kovat
Oh, that's awkward timing. I know that's uncommon. Oh other people
Who've been in that similar scenario? It's gonna be tough
All right, a friend of mine told me that my partner is planning a surprise dirty 30 party for me
The problem is I'm turning 29 this year not 30
Why do we even need three of us anyway, I actually have stuff to do I
I
Tried laying down some hints for him, but he seems to think I'm pulling his leg
Do I now need to spend the rest of my life pretending to be one year older than I am?
That's too young in Youngstown, Ohio
Well, this is okay. It's just occurred to me. I
think a little bit of the wrinkle here is I think the pulling his leg is that like
Media like inspire joke of like, oh, I'm not turning 30. I'm turning 29 again, right?
Yes, exactly that kind of shit, right? I think that's it. But I cuz I was like, why would they think you're joking?
It's not oh, okay now I get it because I think we can all agree 30 is a disgusting number and well
I know it's like woof, right? I've said it
I've said it before and I'll say it again turning 30 is great because you're the youngest old
person yeah, like that's 30 you can like
Actively complain about feeling old and nobody rolls their eyes anymore, but you're still young enough
Yeah, you can like you could start you could start playing tennis
Shines off that Apple by 40. Yeah
You don't enjoy that shit I think and I think we can all get on board with this
Is that when you're born you're one because you're in the first year
Year. Oh, so you're you're talking about centuries versus like 19th century is like the 1800s on right centuries
Exactly. Okay fucked up that we do that that way but not our age that way
It is weird to say like oh that baby's zero this how many how many years old is your baby?
Oh, my baby is five months old. I didn't ask that
They're in their first year. They're one years old. So you are entering your 30th year, but they're not one years old
Are they they're in their first year? But
They're what Griffin is arguing is there it you're entering your 30th year. Yes, this begins your 30th. Yeah. No, I can see that
That's for sure. That's definite. You don't say I have completed my 30th year. No, and now I
Right, like that's weird. Also. I'm beginning my 30th planetary cycle
Maybe the partner could be like, that's right. Oh
Oh, yes, I knew this this this information related to me. I was aware of this. It's a year-long party. Oh
You get it it's like a year-long party what's that mean juice well the party don't stop
It's a celebration for you being 30. That's so monumental. Yeah, it has to start
It has to start
They at your previous birth. Okay, it's a year-long
multi-tiered
Dimensional pitch me a version of this that isn't terrible for us, please for me. Okay. Well not for Griffin specific
Okay, so you anytime if you imagine your partner is having a birthday and it's a okay
Yeah, and it's like a year long, right? Yes, so for one year
Whenever there's conflict or anything approaching conflict in the relationship
you don't have to do the mental calculus of should I be supporting my partner's needs or should I be looking after my own needs to
Find that delicate balance that's key to any relationship. Yeah for one year
You can just relax and really put yourself in the backseat. You know, I mean, there's no nobody could get me guff about it
Because it's their birth. It's their birth year. Yeah now it's their birthday celebration
It kind of feels a little bit like what you're saying Justin is like a year-long birthday party
But in the sense of like birthday party parentheses observed in parentheses where it doesn't sound like there's a lot of
Celebration occurring there are celebrations throughout but there's prizes
What do you mean anything?
well, what's cool is like for the whole year you can do whatever shady things you want to and
What degree Justin if what do you do?
Let me finish the thought and your you your partner is like, what are you even doing?
You can just be like
Coming up on the birthday should be asking some questions. Yeah, it's like why's your trunk smell like that?
It's like birthday boy got a birthday. You got a b-day coming up. Mm-hmm
No, it's promotional for dexter's back
Celebration and also
That actually what that one I will answer for you. I'm part of a dexter's back street team
Mm-hmm
Promoting dexter's so I'm leaving just you know some slides with blood on them all over town
Some bloody knives all over town just whatever bloody stuff. I can find I leave it all over town
Hey, did you fucking kill John let's go on our couch. Yeah, it's a dexter's
laboratory
promotional materials, yeah, I
Haven't seen the show, but it's supposed to be really good and back so next year's back. Yeah this stinker he
He doesn't like murder which is fucked up right because it's like it's quite a bit, huh?
He's like Kathy, you know where he loves murder, but when he does it he's like
Yeah
You know, they're bringing dexter's back
When they do it, he's gonna be on CBS. So they've had to tone it down
So really what he does is he punches people?
Yeah, but he can't let anybody know that he isn't because he's his job is that he's not a punch. Oh, yeah
But he does if he finds a serial killer, whatever which that guy by the way, I know he's like technically
Works at police but like that guy meets so many more serial killers than I do. Yeah, just per capita
He's looking for them Justin and I know you well enough to say that you are actively trying to stay away from serial killers
It is one of my key concepts for 2020
It's one of your
Every year you have the same year's resolution avoid more silly serial killers. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, can't beat a hundred percent
That's where I've been. So yeah, I mean I assume right? Yeah, I was about to say I don't want to get too dark
But like I don't know you've probably met a serial. Well, that's probably met a serial killer
Hey, hey listener take a second and rewind your whole life and try to feel like
At least one serial killer. That's why I have accepted that. I can't avoid all serial killers
So I just try really hard to make myself not their type. You know, I mean, I'm just trying to be like, oh no
I know not Travis though. Let him get through this thing
Okay, so in closing
Just say that you're nervous about turning
30 in a year. Oh, man, it actually I just tried to bring it up in conversation and it doesn't work
Yeah, theoretically, it's tough. Yeah. Hey partner. I heard that you're planning a surprise party for me
I just want to make it clear to you. No, no, no, no, you've ruined it. You've ruined it
Fucking terrible. Yeah, no kidding Travis, but we don't get to be the arbiter of that
Just let it just do it. It'll be a fun story
Oh look at that my grandmother confused the months and she sent me a birthday card earlier in here
Ah, but as she's written here, happy 29th. Thank you. I have a solution to this
Your friend ruined the surprise, right? Yeah, your friend needs to fix this
Yes, if they ruin the surprise your friend needs to go back to him be like hey
Listen, this didn't occur to me before when I it definitely did occur to me and I was just too scared to mention it
But like they are turning 29 like there is no reality in which this should be a dirty 30-party fix it. Yeah
Make them fix you are right Justin and you should say it. I
I mean you did just say I oh, yeah, but I mean that's it. I think it's the thing people say hey thinking speaking of
avoiding
Getting murdered. Can we approach the wizard because I have more life-saving. I feel like this segment has stopped being like a humor
column and more like a
Slumdog slumdog millionaire like little seeds that I'm planting in the listeners mind
so that when they do face off against the charging ostrich, they like
Know what to do weirdly like our best chance to actually help. Yeah in like a game like a really important way
Our best chance to have somebody like oh, it's a life that exactly write us into their will or something like right, you know
Seven like seven or eight people sent this in. Thank you how to survive an encounter with a ostrich
They can be found in the wild on safaris or on ostrich farms. I feel like if you are
If you get into this scenario
It's mostly on you. I don't typically find myself in places where ostriches are
You know what I mean, they're not well
Here's the thing. I agree with you Griffin if you go to an ostrich farm and you get attacked
But what I'm saying is with zoos and transports and such
The chances of an ostrich appearing in my backyard are very very very small, but not zero
Yeah, that's fair. I guess you know what I mean. We got the Cincinnati zoo right here. Yeah, I'm gonna escape one could escape
I'm not saying that it has please don't freak out everyone in the Cincinnati area, but I'm saying oh you know
Oh, yeah, so monkeys got away here recently and it was a huge news story. Is that true?
Yeah, there was another wiki how article people sent in about how to survive a monkey attack
Maybe we'll do that one. Maybe we'll do that one next time
But I feel like the ostrich is scarier because guess what? I'm gonna just start reading about method one evading and charging ostrich
Look for cover because these motherfuckers can run up to 43 miles an hour
It's so fast that's quite fast you guys got those weird legs so how do they do that? Yeah, it's it's I yeah
I don't even think about it. The ostrich is like the roadrunner's legs. Yes, exactly. They go they windmill
You got to get somewhere that they is gonna just break their break their stride
They're so much faster than you and they'll kick you in the back and then you're pretty much dead hide
Yeah, conceal yourself ostrich fast pretty stupid. So you got that going for you?
Another thing ostrich can't do is fly get up a tree. That's if you fly away
You're fine. If you fly away is fine ostrich can't stand up to seven and nine feet tall. So make it a big tree
I don't have teeth. That's a bonus
It can jab at you with its beak and upset your balance and once you get into foot town
Once you hit foot range of the ostrich, that's the ball game
Here's a fun one dive into a thorn bush
It sucks. It sucks. You know, what else being is sucks getting disemboweled by a ostrich
Jump right in a thorn bush and ostrich will be like and now that's no. Thanks. Just a quick one
I think sometimes we
We people who are not around ostriches routinely. Yeah, I think of them as a little bit doofy
but as you've been
Describing the ostrich. I'm reminded that birds of all from you know dinosaurs. Oh for sure for sure for sure
And the last thing to do if just all else fails you can't get up a tree or hide or whatever just lay on the ground
And you think like oh, it's just gonna leave you alone
No, it's gonna still beat the shit out of you, but it's gonna be apparently a little bit better because the force of an ostrich
His kick is dramatically reduced when you lay down, right?
Because they kick forward and then downward so, you know
They the tap they are going to scratch your it says lay in your stomach to protect your organs
I don't really know how to prioritize
Them when I'm doing that, but I guess if you're worried about disembowelment, that's gonna be tummy area
That's gonna be I guess tummy town and also hey, you're also not safe from the ostrich sitting on you because these bad boys can
Weigh between 200 and 350 pounds who walking fuck Wow
So that's how to evade an ostrich. So
How to calm them down, right? Well, no actually before that Travis step two is a section that is
It features some of the wildest illustrations
that I've ever seen on I was gonna say on wiki how but really in any sort of
Format and it's how to fend off an ostrich how to battle
How to battle a ostrich wait in the avoiding damage section. Does it mention that you should stop carrying around?
It's giant egg like an old-timey football guy
That I feel like gets you in trouble a lot of your head like Mario too. Yeah
They hate both of those because you seem like you are gonna drop it. I'm just uploading some cool pictures of people
Hitting an ostrich with a big stick. Okay, so you find a long weapon
Boy out of context. This is terrible. You gotta get a lot
No, there's nothing funny about hurting animals unless it's a life-or-death situation
You got to stay to the ostrich's side with your long weapon and these images a person is holding a long stick like a kendo
stick their form is
Impeccable to be honest
And then it just has like this is like the scene in signs where he just swings away, right?
But it's like if it's like his sister-in-law just kept saying like hey when that ostrich comes around
Billy or whatever swing away. The wiki article here has literally
Demonstrated the glowing weak points on the ostrich. There's neck. That's the weakest part of the ostrich clearly
I don't think you need a way if you are in this situation and you're like, okay, I have fuck
I don't know what paths I followed to get me here
But I'm about to fight this ostrich with a big stick
Where am I gonna aim this thing?
If you if you don't jump to neck if you don't jump to that long beautiful graceful powerful, but
Somewhat fragile neck like what else what are you gonna do? That could be a trick though
You know where you look at you're like, I bet that's the weak point. It's like ha ha idiot
Yeah, I've evolved to have like an iron neck. Yeah, well should have gone for my butt
There's more tips here. Actually the next thing in the order
It says here if the ostrich refuses to give up despite your attacks to its neck aim for its wings when given the opportunity if the ostrich
Refuses to give up after you struck it in the neck with a big stick several times
Yeah
Give yourself to it. Yeah feed yourself to it
You've clearly done something that has like done a kill bill style life like sworn oath on you
This is the only thing you have left now is you get to choose to die with honor to this
Yes, allow the ostrich a five-finger death punch you or whatever and then you slowly walk away into the sunset
The ostrich will nod to you knowingly and one warrior to another before it eviscerates you
It'll get a chance to straighten your tie before ripping your guts out
Isn't that better though then you like swinging this stupid stick after you'd have you struck it and it's beautiful powerful neck
And it's not fazed by it and you're like
And then you get murdered. No go for the legs anything after a neck attack is like completely excessive
You are not gonna reach you guys agree that like if I Justin McElroy at this point in my life
I'm the victim of an ostrich attack. It's a societal problem. Okay, there's been an
systemic
Something that's gone horrible roll. Yeah
infrastructure has
failed me
it can't be my fault that I'm getting attacked by an ostrich because like
the people that have ostriches and the people that are charged with looking after my welfare should
Have collaborated to keep me from this situation
There should be yes
There should be lines of defense between you and ostrich and if those have fallen apart
There are larger issues at play here. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, but I understand if I am killed by an ostrich
I want there to be like an investigation and like I want AOC to open up an investigation in Congress
Like how do we fail our boy so bad?
I'll tell you what this happened to our boy now my worry is that if those lines have broken down as Justin suggests and I get
Killed as an ostrich. I might not even make the news
No, right if that is like an etc of like horrible stuff has happened
See page 10 flip flip flip Travis McRae was killed terrible news tonight as the brother of the guy that uploaded
The
The only things that are left is there's two different tips saying stay the fuck away from ostriches and then there's one extra one
That says stay the fuck away from ostriches, especially during breeding season. Oh
Yeah, I know when that is. Yeah, if I knew an ostrich breeding season was I've probably been smart enough to avoid putting myself
in this
ostrich and then like oh
Like get out of there get out of that's weird
I smell I smell feathers and axe body spray. Oh, no
But nowhere in there Griffin. Is it how to calm down the ostrich? No your options are
Stay away
The order of this article is so fucking weird because it's like hide
Run away if that doesn't work
Doesn't work fucking hit it with a stick and it's glowing weak points
But for real though, you should probably just stay away from these guys
I like this idea that the ostrich is like a destiny to like boss fight of like aim for the glowing spot. Yeah
They are really given this ostrich to the business
It's three different people in these pictures to the shakes
It looks like it's three people ganging up and like you didn't think I'll take the wing
It's like the printer scene in office space, but with an ostrich instead. It's horrible. They should be arrested
They should and the ostrich too just for questioning at least. Yeah, well for its own protection, really
Though this world isn't built for an ostrich. It's not the ostriches fault that it got out here and panicked
I mean it's a ostriches world. We're all just living in it
No, I agree with you Griffin if I run into the ostrich on its native like habitat
But if an ostrich gets out of the Cincinnati Zoo and finds itself like an OTR or whatever freaks out
Everyone has to accept that like fuck. Yeah that ostrich freaked out. It doesn't understand any of this
Why why why is the parking so expensive? How come the restaurants are all so small?
Why is there a 45-minute wait right that kind of shit it runs up on me in a Trader Joe's?
And I'm like you're in my world now
Welcome to my world and you hit it with a baguette and then I get up right with a bag out right in the face
Yeah with a baguette
Griffin now you want to do another question, but unfortunately, I want to go to the money down. I don't
This podcast is sponsored by better help
Let me ask you guys a question. Is there something interfering with your happiness or preventing you from achieving your goals?
Hmm. Well, yeah, how long do you have so much stuff Travis? Holy shit. Okay
Well, I don't have a lot of time because I had to get back to making this show
But if you guys need to talk with somebody better help will assess you need for you to offer me
Oh you oh, I know this is an ad. Oh, this is an ad Rick Griffin, but I know it's it's uncomfortable
Okay, I meet with a professional therapist on a regular basis and it has changed my life
and changed the way that I
View the world and interact with friends and loved ones. So if that's something that you have been
Interested in getting started why there's no better time than now
Start today better help will assess your needs and match you with your own licensed professional therapist
So you can start communicating in under 48 hours. You'll get timely and thoughtful responses
Plus you can schedule weekly video or phone sessions
So you won't ever have to sit in an uncomfortable waiting room as you would with traditional therapy visit better help.com slash my brother
That's better a TLP and join the over 2 million people who have taken charge of their mental health with the help of an experienced
Professional. In fact, so many people have been using better help that they are recruiting additional therapists in all 50 states
So one more time that special offer for nbnbm listeners get 10% off your first month at better help.com
slash my brother
Come and knock on our door
Come and knock on our door
We got spaghetti for you
Come eat these buffalo wings and a little bit of dairy-free ice cream from the store
And a hairbrush and a hairbrush maybe if they sell hairbrushes at the grocery store, hey doordash has
Everything basically at this point. What do you need dinner? Yes lunch. Yeah breakfast. Sure dessert time sweets
Yes
Deodorant is the other thing. Yeah, cuz you can get grocery essentials
They've got everything food and deodorant only things you need the stuff that makes your body go and the stuff that makes it so that
You people don't know the horrible stuff your body makes while it goes
So you can get all that stuff within like just like 30 minutes like whatever with doordash
It doordash connects you with the restaurants you love right now right to your door and you get all the grocery essentials
You need drinks snacks other household items cleaning fluids
Delivered in under an hour with the contactless delivery drop-off setting for a limited time
Our listeners can get 25% off and zero delivery fees on their first order of 15 bucks or more when you download the doordash app
And enter code my bim bam
That's 25% off up to $10 value and zero delivery fees on your first order when you download the doordash app and the app store
And you enter my bim bam as the code. Don't forget that's code my bim bam for 25% off your first order with doordash
Subject to change terms apply and just to be clear app is short for application there
If you're sick of constantly arguing with the people closest to you about topics that really aren't going to change the world
We're here to take that stress off of your shoulders. We take care of it for you on we got this with Mark and Al
That's right Hal if you have a subjective question that you want answered objectively
Once and for all time for all of the people of the world
Questions like who's the best Disney villain Mac or PC or should you put ketchup on a hot dog? That's why we're here
Yes
I get that these are the biggest question of our time and we're often joined by special guests like Nathan Fillion
Orlando Jones and Padgett Brewster
So let Mark and Hal take care of it for you on we got this with Mark and Hal weekly on maximum fun
You
Okay
Welcome on squad the podcast within a podcast
Podcast profiling the latest and greatest of brand eating. There is a I mean
everyone decided to just
Like Jack it back up like the munch
My thing today that I'm gonna say to you is the munchies back because people are going wild
Do you think they were waiting? This could be where we saw started to see like
You remember when it seemed like code was going away and we saw the push into
into like some like travel and some of those other sectors and then it seemed like Delta was like back and then it's like
Maybe the stay-at-home brands are where we want to keep the bulk of our sort of interests. Yes. Sure. Sure
Yeah, I think this is kind of where we're at right now where it's like
This is a flush of people thinking like time to get nasty again, you know what I mean?
Where's also sucked a lot of the oxygen out of the room. Yeah. Well guess who's trying to start it back up
You're fucking kidding me
Taco Bell what?
Taco Bell is unleashing and it says unleash and they know
They know they're unleashing the crispy chicken sandwich
Talk now already knows
Nationwide on September 2nd. You can't just do that
He the words mean something Taco Bell beginning September 2nd Taco Bell's long-awaited
Crispy chicken sandwich taco will be available nationwide and participating locations for a limited time
Not quite a sandwich not quite a taco. It doesn't have to explain itself. It does
After locally testing earlier this year in Nashville and Charlotte to much success the test kitchen masterminds knew it was time to go nationwide
Pull the trigger fluffy. Okay. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Sorry. We've talked about this before in episode 550
We talked about this. Yes, my friend. Yes
This is now nationwide that we have not talked about the the fat wait 550. Yeah, bud
Yeah, this was the test. That was the test. It's it's here
It's not fluffy like a sandwich but folded like it. It's fluffy like a sandwich. Yeah
Yeah, but it's folded like a taco. Mm-hmm. No
No, I stand by I think what my position back then looking at a picture of these bad boys now
Which is that I would fuck them up proper
I'm looking at it again. I'm getting hungry all over. I would ruin these bad boys
They're the crispy chicken sandwich taco is a taco or a sandwich might just be the greatest debate of recent time
Oh, yeah, I think it might just be according this press release
in
2021
Whether this is a taco or a sandwich might just be the greatest
Debate of recent time and that's why Taco Bell has enlisted some of the brightest minds in the country to help fans
James Carville
Now now listen, it's me, Ben Shapiro, I say it's a sandwich. It's a me! It's a taco have identity politics. It's a sandwich. It's a me. I'm Ben Shapiro. Now back to my toilet where I live.
I need to find some way of saying it's a taco that reveals like it is also the most brutal self demolishing own
Possible because that is his brand is like trying to chuck one
He like he does an air ball and then it bounces off the rim and gives him a concussion
So
It's gotta be a taco because when I ate it I got diarrhea for six hours that only happens when I eat tacos
You're right. That's right on September 4th Taco Bell will use two real college debate teams from the University of Georgia and Clemson University
To go head-to-head in the name of team. It's a sandwich and team. It's a taco. Oh boy
The great crispy chicken sandwich taco debate will air Saturday September 4th
During the Georgia vs. Clemson primetime college football game on NBC. Oh
record numbers, it's it's
What they have done here is they have wandered into the chicken sandwich wars
that is what bothers and yes, and while everybody else is like
Ah a new opponent a new contender enters the battlefield, but Taco Bell is like hold up
Because we have our own drama that we need to like
Figure out first, please. Don't don't go on the attack
Nobody else is allowed to announce a chicken taco until we figure out this shit and do some real soul searching
It's like it's like you can't decide if it's a taco or it's a it's a sandwich. Okay. Well one of them
Will enter you into will thrust you into an international
Conflict that has I will reiterate for maybe the dozenth time claimed human lives
Again I feel like I'm losing it with this thing, but people have done. Okay, it's not a joke
One of them enters you into that. The other one is like, I don't know. It's another bad taco
We did it or like it'll still be good. I mean bad in the sense of like
It's not a it's not a taco, but it stopped
You just no no Travis. It's important that we take a beat here and appreciate what Justin just did which is
Throw. Oh, I tried to like through your hat in the ring a little bit
I see my hat there a I mean
But it ain't a sandwich either as Hodgman that somebody get a Hodgman on the phone and ask you what they want Hodgman though
They want Hodgman for free juice and we're not gonna like that
I
Want to get I'm gonna text don't you don't know how I feel about the fact that
we've been doing Munchquad now for a long time and it's reached a point where
The fact that Taco Bell has enlisted human beings and let's human youths
To debate whether a thing they made
It's a taco or a sandwich on live
television they should know yeah, I don't know you're asking me right it should bother me, but
Instead I'm just left empty inside and thinking like well. Yep. This is where we are
where was this indecisiveness when they announced the naked chicken taco where the chicken was the
Was the the shell the tortilla they knew what they were they made that they made that fucking
Monstrosity and they were like this ladies and gentlemen this folks. This is definitely a taco
Right here. Why just while we're here
I just want to mention a couple of other things and I don't want to like outstay my welcome here with Munchquad
But there's a lot going on. Okay
Sonic is doing a lineup of wine inspired slush. Yes
excellent
fantastic
This free well, it's that thing of like I want to capture the the feeling of drinking frozen wine
That doesn't get me dry. Yeah, that's I love that stinky fruit flavor. They got strawberry for a say
Red berry sangria and peach Bellini. That's not gonna get confusing at all when people see that
Well, why would it be confusing? It's just it's a peach Bellini that doesn't
Yeah
It's a sangria
Which I believe is only a term used for the alcoholic drink, right? Not yet
It's not that one. No
and
Then I did want to I just have one other thing to talk to you guys about and that's that pumpkin month
It's coming up
Starbucks just decided to pop it off August 24th, which I think is ridiculous
we are a month away from calendar fall and a week away from Justin fall and
I I don't think that this is the appropriate time
I think you need to start wait till the beginning of Justin fall or calendar
15th says correct
Fall September 1st. Nope fog is 15. Yes. That's back to school season. No one cares. Nobody cares
Yes PSL. Hey just for fun. Yes. How many PSL do you guys think Starbucks is sold since 2003 2003 1 billion?
Okay, I'll say
600 million
Wow
500 million excellent job. Thank you. I still went over and lost. Yeah, he was over by 20 percent. Just that's not that good
Last last year if you'll remember Starbucks had a 1-800 number. Do you guys remember this where you could call?
Oh, I remember. Yes. Oh, yeah. Yeah pumpkin jokes or something
Today, there is a this year. We got a pumpkin level meter
It's a quiz and we're gonna find out where you guys fall who wants to say I do for Travis me me me. Oh, perfect
Here we go. Which which would you get for a first tattoo? Trav a heart-shaped pumpkin?
What uh-huh?
Okay, a heart shape. Yeah, you know pumpkin in the shape of a heart a
PSL on your tongue so you can always taste it a
Pumpkin cream cold brew goes here on your palm or a full flannel sleeve. Oh
Please try to answer honest. Uh, I think of those four full flannel sleeve
Okay, that would be uh, it seems like all those would be something that a pumpkin fan would do
What would you do if your significant other proposed with a pumpkin cream cold brew?
Oh, fuck would you would you take the drink and run?
Would you say yes immediately?
Pumpkin is my significant allow or post a photo in the leaf rakers
Society ASAP, huh? I think I'd take the drink and run would be my honest answer
It seems like it I kind of thought this would be about like how much do you like pumpkin
Trav, what's the first thing you do after arriving at a pumpkin patch? Oh take a shit
pumpkin patch
photoshoot give him pumpkin
Is that a separate answer?
Semi-colon give him pumpkin to talk about. I was so worried that that was a separate answer
Pumpkin patch photoshoot comma
Give them pumpkin to talk about calm. Okay, it says this it's a semi-colon actually pumpkin patch foot, which I don't think it's being
used here
But whatever it's a it's it's a it's a AI cloud generated quiz spend hours hunting for the perfect pumpkin
hours hunting for the perfect pumpkin
Grab as many pumpkins as you can fit into your car and then some so I don't
Break my car? Shatter my car's windows with the pressure the internal pressure
I'm gonna duct tape them to the top right and then this was probably the wildest one of all
Get your pumpkins and go. Wow. Okay, that's awesome
So what this is implying is a very
mechanical very austere
Yeah, dutifully
No, no more chat I'm
I'm leaving now to return. I'll be honest fellas. It's hard for me to move on from give them pumpkin to talk about
I mean, that's the answer pumpkin to talk about is really
Yes, I wanted to reflect you as I get the first thing I do when I get to a pumpkin patch
I'm taking some photos for the gram to give them pumpkin to talk about. Of course. That's actually probably true
Something to talk about by Bonnie Ray is a song about people
Spreading rumors that you and somebody else is is is our lover. Yes
Yes, so oh so Griffin are you saying that this is implying that I'm taking this photo shoot and be we're gonna say like is
Travis fucking that pumpkin. I think it looks like in this picture. He's fucking the pumpkin. Yeah, that's what I do
Would you ever name your pet pumpkin I
already did
BRB changing their name
My pet is a pumpkin. No fourth answer provided. Oh boy. So
Again, would you name your pet pumpkin? I already did
BRB changing their name
My pet is a pumpkin. How are you supposed to judge your pumpkin love with these?
Yeah, where's the fourth one like hypothetically I would if that name fit with that particular pet
It's like seemed like a good name for I I guess my answer would be of those three
Uh
BRB I'll just change your name. Would you rather let a stranger hold your PSL or hold your baby?
Right. No third or fourth options provided
Um, I guess the answer would be that I'd let him hold my PSL because if they ran away with that
It's a lot easier to replace sure. Wait is PSL penis leash. Yeah. Okay. Wait, what what's the S for there Justin?
Penis of penis
Wanna let him hold your PSL or your baby? Oh, well, then it's definitely my PSL if that's the case
Cuz why else have it? Why else would I have it?
You're not gonna hold your own. No. Why would I have that? It's for other people
Oh
POV
POV
You're lost in the corn maze. Yeah
How are you getting out?
This one's an essay
Yeah, right the plan your plan your route I'm probably not getting out tbh no or follow the smell of penis leash
Well, I'm not a defeatist
So I guess I'm gonna go with penis leash here when the real answer the third one would be just start charging forward
Through the corn. It's for help
What pumpkin item would we most likely find in your closet and it says no judgment. Oh wait
a
pair of shoes carved from actual pumpkins. Oh
Pumpkin fashion isn't my passion a
Pumpkin onesie
Or a vintage pumpkin patchwork jacket the vintage pumpkin patchwork jacket
Then there needs to be more options in this quiz. That's like I don't actually really like the pumpkin spice
That's what the second one is. The second was like, no, you know what on second thought
I know I've made it pretty far through this quiz, but actually fuck pumpkins and not in a fire
This is the last one. Okay, Trav. You make your way to the pumpkin prom
What move are you busting out?
An organized fall flash mob a
series of perfect pumpkin pirouettes
The pop lock and pumpkin
Not my style I'll be by the pumpkin punch. It's that one not my style be the by the pumpkin punch ball
Because if I'm being honest, I was always a little nervous that dances, but I did love punch
the results are in Travis, huh
You are a secret pumpkin admirer. Okay. This is the second to least you can like
The second to least you can like pumpkins is secret pumpkin Meyer
Even though you don't fully embrace the pumpkin loving lifestyle
It's hard to ignore that tingly feeling you get inside whenever you get your hands on one again
By that we mean a pumpkin get your hands on a pumpkin and you tangle. Don't worry
We won't tell if you don't want us to it can be our little
Pumpkin spice fill you can cook that pumpkin until the cows come home and we're gonna keep it quiet here at Starbucks
TM that that is until you share this with your followers, then it just says you can share now. Oh
What is the least you can like pumpkin there?
Yeah, well Travis a scientific quiz. I can't just move the needle to where it point
Yeah, I would just love it if like the least option is just like well you fucking got us
Hey, we got caramel macchiato
Come in for a plain black coffee, okay
So anyway, that's the bunch quad
Do we want to do one other question real quick?
Yeah, okay. I
Was recently able to order one of the new Xbox nice
nice
Nice nice during checkout the estimated arrival was sometime in the middle of next week great
I recently got an email that shipping have been expedited and it would now be arriving this Saturday also great right wrong Saturday
Is my fiancee's birthday?
How can I avoid explaining to my fiancee that I bought myself a new present for her birthday some additional context something similar happened last?
Year, we're ended up buying myself a new bicycle on her birthday. I don't know how this keeps happening
Hmm
Conflicted about Cortana in Kentucky. I
Know hide-and-lie, and that's not a bad. That's not a terrible one to do
On the spectrum of of
Fibs is you know hiding away squirreling away your Xbox for a couple days
To make it seem like it arrived when it was supposed to arrive
Oh, that's a victimless crime, but if you don't want to do that. I do think you just got to get a better present than
the Xbox
Good fucking luck because I mean
Master chief blinks the time sweeper
Banjo-kazooie, it's like how are you gonna be you can't be that's the that's the dream team right there
You can't beat that at this point pretty soon
You're gonna be married right at which point 50% of your stuff will be theirs anyways legally. Just give them the Xbox
like
That's that seems bad though. It's like I know you won't like this as much as me, but here it is
It's a gift for you
Now here's the problem. Okay. Here's the problem question asker
Is that a year ago you preemptively fucked this up by getting yourself a bike on their birthday that you could have
Easily not done now. This is happening
You're gonna have to give that Xbox away to me as punishment damn. Well, here's the other thing
I was gonna say question asker and I don't want to be sort of a doubt downer
But maybe just cancel shipment cuz I ain't no game. Oh, yeah
Damn, I use their it. I hate to bring it like this to be kind of Sony
Oh, yeah, there's no games that Sony there's only we got them all
Sony's got them all
For Xbox. They're a they don't have crash
No crash bamdakut on that one or gex is the term Sony crony cuz I've always used like I'm a bro for Sony and just
Said like I'm a brony. Is that not?
No, that's not the one you could be a Sony crony or a Sony Sony
Uh, what's the one? Yo, is it Sony Pony? Oh
See that's so weird. I've actually combined it when I said I'm a brony pony. Is that bad? No, that's good
No, it's good. Okay. It's a good name
This it just and I'm someone who loves Xbox. So I've also also I just said I'm a sex box. Yeah
maybe you could try to do like
Oh, man, I won the contest. Yes
Maybe like I won that contest I entered. Okay, wait for Xbox. There is a way
This is gonna sound manipulative. I just did it. Of course. There's a way
I think you spend some time on this contest victory. It's good stuff
There's just I'm just saying you want a contest. I did hands-on. I did hands-on a hard body win
Um over overnight. Yeah, other people did a bad job
I thought it would take way longer. I thought the other day when I was gone for 20 minutes
That was it. It was a hands-on a hard body. It lasted 20 minutes
They filled the fucking room with scorpions and you know me I think I think they're cute. I think they're neat. So easy Xbox
God Gex is so cool
You
Can't just drop that on me. Thanks for listening to our podcast. We hope you've enjoyed yourself
We certainly appreciated you hanging out with us and we love to have we love to have you around
Also, that's very nice Justin. We love having I want everyone to know if you're listening to this on Monday
You got two more days to grab our pin of the month, which is work of fart benefiting one tree planted
We've also got some pixel art stickers of us on there which are available individually or as a set
The stickers will still be there come the new month
But that pin will be gone and just a little a sneak preview starting on Wednesday
Oh, there's some really really good stuff in there
So go check that out of macro emerge calm
And of course, we want to thank montane for the use of our theme song
My life is better with you. If you haven't checked out that I would say super fun music video for that song
It's available on our YouTube channel. Just search McRoy family on YouTube, and it's all there
Thanks to max fun our podcast home. Check out all the other McRae shows at McRae family
Griffin do you have a final Yahoo for us?
Yeah on this final yahoo. Thanks everybody for listening. This final yahoo was sent in by
Rod skew Ron and it's at its ass Ron and it's asked by
yahoo answers user
Jeffy from Family Circus
Who asks?
Who asks mm-hmm? Yeah. Oh
You have it so digital static oh on the website, yeah, I'm having a lot of technical static. Oh, I hate that
Yeah, I try adjusting
the the knobs
Try just let me yeah adjust the contrast
Try the vertical and the horizontal yeah, oh I got it now
So this is Jeffy from Family Circus who asks
No check the antenna
Do a quick reboot put some foil on the top. Oh, okay
Jeffy from Family Circus asks I
I
Found a gun
It's not that do I give it to my mom and dad or my ghost grandparents
That's from Jeffy of Family Circus a kid. You got to give it to somebody
dangerous
My brother me kiss your dad's square on the lips
It's better it's better
You Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
