The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say, hey I wanna, just say hey I wanna.
Hello, welcome my brother, my brother and me to the advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy. And normally we would be a little uneasy right now
because we didn't really prep what we were going to say at the beginning,
but the good news is I got the answer baby. I kind of guessed that because you were
chuckling through like you're saying your name and I was like oh he thought of something.
Oh he's got some, he got that nudge. This is really, this is really good. You ready?
Yeah. MTV Movie Awards were last night.
Oh how did they go Justin? Didn't watch.
Okay. So.
But here's how I think they went. Okay.
Big wins all around for some of Hollywood's heaviest hitters.
Rebel Wilson was back. She's getting it done. I bet Adam Driver won for best villain if I had to guess.
Justin what are your favorite MTV Movie Awards specific categories? Not like your best actor,
your best actor. I'm talking specifics.
Okay my favorite, if I had to make a list and it is, let me say,
so hard to choose. Okay. My favorite would be best actor who pretended to be short
by putting shoes on their knees like Tim Conway in Dwarf.
Yeah. Which is strangely a heavily contested,
like you'd be amazed how many people up for that every year.
Tom Hanks won that one. Tom Hanks won that one this year. For Bridge of Spies.
You know it's funny, I actually, I think that it should have an asterisk because like he
actually had his legs cut off at the knees and shoes sewn to his knees and then afterwards
had his legs sewn back on. And that's like, we can't all afford that surgery Tom.
Exactly. I know you had to rule him out. I know you're on some method shit playing
little lawyer in Bridge of Spies, but it's not a fair and balanced field is it? It's bullshit.
I like, I've always liked the best kiss category and I want to say a big congratulations to
Inside Out for that when all the emotions just had a big kissing party there at the end of Inside
Out. I really like that and I do want to say I was really surprised by the winner of the
best piss category and that's a new one for 2016.
And who won that one Griffin? Who won that one? Who brought that home?
Also Inside Out.
Wow! Same scene.
Because the emotions in that movie were joy, anger, fear, disgust, sadness, and then like
that feeling you get when you have a pee that you've held in for a while and it feels so
good and that one was voiced by Martin Short who accepted the award last night on behalf
of Pixar.
And pissed on the entire front row.
I thought his yellow tuckles was a nice touch. That's what you can expect from a true professional
entertainer. I also, I really appreciated how he made sure to thank Pissar. He like said
Pixar but he worked piss into it.
I thought that was a nice touch too.
And then John Lasseter was like finally somebody gets it. Finally some recognition for my good
waterworks.
My other favorite category of the MTV Movie Awards is best dog humping someone's leg while
someone else looks on like yeah. That was Randy Quaid again.
That was Randy Quaid again for his performance in National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation.
That's like 20 years running.
20 years running. Yeah. Such a huge gift for him. So, so, so, so happy for him to come
out of. They did have to film it. He was kind of Skyped in from his cave but he looked great
and he had a really nice tux that he had fashioned out of tar and leaves.
Yeah and I was really psyched this year that he's gotten some like a lot but for the award
for best Randy Quaid impersonator I was psyched to see Dandy Quaid finally get his like get
get gacked up there because like God knows he's worked for it for so long and it's about
time that somebody was like Dandy you're doing a fucking great job up there.
And it was actually a lot like Dave because at a certain point people stopped being able
to tell the difference between Randy Quaid and Dandy Quaid.
Actually Dandy Quaid has been working a lot as Randy Quaid and his rate is higher.
Like that's the only way you could get Randy Quaid cheaper.
My favorite part of when Dandy Quaid was on stage is after he accepted the award and you
know there's obviously some co-marketing going on here.
Yeah.
But he was like and now that I got the award let me give you all a little sneak peek of
what's coming in 2017.
And then there was like a 30 second teaser trailer where just very slowly from black
emerged the word Dennis.
Yeah.
And he was like that's how we're doing it.
And there were fireworks and stuff shooting out and Dennis Quaid stood up like hell yeah
and I don't know why he was there.
He doesn't understand.
He's about his career is almost over because once Dandy Quaid is in the mix like you're
different you are defunct.
You got assimilated.
Hold on Griffin I hate to disagree with you but I think that capitalism-
You love to disagree with me more than anything in the world.
That's your favorite fucking thing in the world.
I think that competition will breed a better Quaid.
You know what I mean.
I think maybe the problem is Dennis has been resting on those laurels for too long.
He's been sitting around on his laurels and he's grown fat and happy.
And now we need to get like I can't think of a good pun name from Dennis but it will
happen.
Dandy will definitely think of it.
And then we're going to get a better breed of Quaid from the competition.
It'll be the Quadiest Quaid.
It's the Quaid arms race.
It's like it's like yeah.
Yeah.
So this is an advice show as I'm sure you guessed.
And what we do on this show is we take advice-
Menace?
Is it Menace Quaid?
No.
No that's not it.
Menace Quaid.
I'll keep working on it.
Menace, his son.
Listen.
Penace?
We've done this 297 times believe it or not.
And this is the 298th time we've done it.
And we're going to do it at least 300 more times.
Did you know that-
Let's just get going.
Wait just a real quick fun fact.
Fun my bim bam McRoy family factoid.
You can color this in on the back of your cracker barrel menu.
Because did you know that there's a bonus Quaid?
I did not know that.
There's a real Quaid and he's a half-brother to Dennis and Randy.
Bonus Quaid is what I call him.
His real name is not much better.
It's actually Buddy Quaid.
And that's a true fact.
That's a true fact.
He's 41 years old.
He lives in Houston, Texas.
I could hop over there and say hi to Buddy Quaid.
I bet he's not verified on Twitter either.
Brothers.
Do you know what today is?
Actually what I thought everyone's going to point out.
What's that?
It's April 11th, 2016.
Oh shit.
That means that today is the six year anniversary of my brother,
my brother, me, which is what our intro is about.
Can I just say, can I just say six years and we're almost at 300 episodes.
That's a fucking good track record fans out there listening.
That's a solid 50 episodes a year.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's a really great average.
It's also important that I point out that Randy Quaid has a sister named Brandy Quaid.
That's also true.
No.
Yeah.
There's a Brandy Quaid out there.
Is there a Denise Quaid?
No, that would be funny though.
That would be funny.
A Randy with an I.
Okay.
Listen, I live in a small apartment complex.
We recently got some, I'm always nervous joking about Randy Quaid because I'm worried, you know?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
You say, Justin, Justin, Justin, say no more.
I think we all get it.
Yeah, I usually check the time between recording and publish and run some stats.
Like, I don't know.
I don't know.
I live in and manage a small apartment complex.
We recently got some new tenants downstairs.
They seem like a lovely couple with little to no baggage.
Well, yesterday I got a text from them asking if we could share our wifi with them as they move in.
They, you gave your number to them that quick?
That seems a little wild to me.
Well, they manage the apartment complex.
So they're like the super manager thing.
Thank you, Travis.
They said they'd be willing to pay for their use of the bill until they get their own service.
I trust they aren't a husband and wife duo of hackers looking for some sweet ISP to siphon.
But that doesn't mean I have to give up my wifi that just anybody does it.
Should I bite the bullet, be neighborly and give them access?
Are they coveting their neighbor's wifi?
That's from Gmail.
This is unthinkable.
This is completely unconscionable, unthinkable and unforgivable.
It's unforgivable that they've even asked for it.
Because guess what?
It's 2016, we live on the web now.
I have two virtual reality helmets in my house.
I have one and a half feet in the virtual world now.
And I only have like two little toes is still in the meat space.
I am a virtual, I'm for all intents and purposes, a virtual being.
I've converted all my money over to Bitcoin so the fucking tax man can't get his fucking
grubby hands on it anymore.
And you have just been like, these people, essentially, if they asked me this, they'd
be like, hey Griffin, can we have unfettered access to all your shit?
Can we have unfettered access to your Bitcoin?
Can we show up naked in your virtual danger room?
We live in a world in which when I moved to LA for a month, I was able to power the wifi
of my computer through the cell service of my phone.
Like this is Star Trek shit.
Like I know like this.
No, like this, they don't need to borrow a cup of sugar.
Like they need to borrow a cup of your social security number.
And also they're going to get deep into your fucking VR presence and they're going to get
in your face when you least expect it.
And then if you die, if you die in virtual reality, you die in real life.
That's true.
The first thing I thought when I read this question is do it and then just change your
password on your wifi once.
But but that's the practical answer.
And the real answer is I would rather share my clothes with someone than I would my wifi.
Imagine it.
Try to imagine in the future.
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
I'm so sorry.
My wifi.
Got it.
Perfect.
Imagine it's like try to look in the future a little bit.
You hear a knock on the door, knock, knock, knock.
They open it up.
It's the hyper cops arriving at the scene of the crime.
Now, hyper cops, cops, of course, in this case is an acronym for cyber operatives,
policing, cyberspace with an S.
And they show up and they're like, so just to be clear here,
just to be clear, Mr.
Paulson, you're telling me that you gave them access to your wifi signal.
And if a hyper cop-
Yeah, that makes sense.
That makes sense.
Just one more question.
One more question.
How did you hack into the US Treasury Department?
Like you're you are culpable.
And if you say you opened the gates to them, you are you are basically like type.
They're typing with your hands, basically, is what I'm saying.
Like no cop is ever going to believe that you just gave someone access to your wifi
and you weren't in on it.
Like, why would you do that if you weren't also hacking the WhiteHouse.gov site?
Is that where they keep all the secrets?
Yes, Travis.
That's where they keep the secrets, yeah.
I think you can set up guest networks.
Next question.
Yeah, but even then, they're going to have probably the same ISP.
I'm not going to risk anything because I'm pretty sure if somebody can-
That's true.
If somebody connects to your wifi account,
then I'm pretty sure they're just like five to six clicks away from being able to like scope
your zone through your webcam.
Definitely.
That's probably true.
And also like how long, like two, three weeks tops,
they got to go without wifi before they get that shit set up.
Like, they have smartphones.
It's 2016.
If they're worried enough about wifi to contact their super about it
and ask if they can use yours, they have smartphones.
Think about this from the other perspective though.
Imagine you're these tenants and you ask your landlord if you could use their wifi
and they're like, uh, absolutely not.
No.
You are going to think some dark shit is occurring there.
No, this is all you say, Juice.
You just say, you know, actually our wifi is not that fat.
Like we pay, we don't have very fast wifi.
So like we don't really have the bandwidth to spare.
And you kind of shrug your shoulders and kind of chuckle your own joke
and then just close the door.
Also, just one other thing.
We sell bullets full of heroin on the dark web and it's cool
because then you can do like one of two illegal things with it if you want.
So you can actually shoot people, kill them and make them addicted to heroin.
Get real fucking high.
Can you imagine like moving into a place and being like checklist,
like move in number two, ask other person in building if you could use their wifi.
That's like, I would never do that.
Never.
Well, you have, I mean, all three of us have like pretty severe social anxiety
that would prevent us from even like approaching a subject like that.
Well, not everybody's, you know, wired like us.
I guess that's true.
They're mostly wireless.
I'm just saying I'm in the fucking virtual zone right now.
They're mostly wireless because it's wifi.
No, I heard.
Which means wireless fidelity, I think.
We get tweets all the fucking time from people like,
you missed this great joke from Travis.
I want to go ahead and put my flag in this one and go ahead and say,
didn't miss it.
Just did not appreciate it.
Did not enjoy it.
They should remake High Fidelity and call it Why Fidelity.
I would watch that movie where he runs like just a little like really hipster internet shop.
Cyber coffee shop.
That one's got me busting a gut.
I only I only want to if it's if you're not listening to flack files,
then hi, it's me, Jack Flack.
It's pronounced gift, you idiot.
I made you a spot a fly playlist.
Here's the top five ways to get your girlfriend back.
I only play EverQuest on an ancient RP server that I run out of my listen.
Listen.
Yeah.
Do you want me to read a Yahoo?
Oh, yeah.
I guess we can.
What do you want to do?
What do you guys want to do?
I'm going to read this six years.
I'm going to read this one.
And as just as a little six year present to myself.
It's sent in by Yajur Jujur Davenport.
Thank you.
Drew in the game.
Six years running probably.
I forget when he came in the game, but it's pretty early in there.
It's from Yahoo Answers user.
Please load.
Please, please, please, please, God.
Please, God, load.
Nope.
Not going to load.
Someone's using your Wi-Fi.
Don't even joke about that.
Muffin says, I need some facts on Mario Lopez.
Help, please.
I need a lot of basic facts about Mario Lopez stared on Saved by the Belt.
Please help.
Some questions.
One, family background, like the origin.
Two, biography of him.
The second point is literally everything.
Literally all the information.
Literally all the information that exists of him.
Three, birth date.
Four, where he was born.
Five, where he lives and any others you can think of.
And if you may, can you please include the information on where you found him?
Thank you so much.
This is a person that like not only knows the internet exists, but uses Yahoo Answers,
but doesn't use the internet to just like Google like Mario Lopez.
Okay, but in their defense, Mario Lopez keeps a pretty fucking low profile, doesn't he?
He works hard to keep his name off that front page of Google.
I mean, there are a few.
Maybe they work in a Mario Lopez free workplace.
Oh, that would be the worst.
50 interesting facts about Mario Lopez.
Well, let's, I think.
Everybody fucking strap in.
He's reading all 50.
Well, he was born on October 10th, 1973.
He's a baby.
I was going to say he's way older than I thought.
He looks perfect.
He was born with three dicks.
Whoa, these facts are crazy, Travis.
I'm also reading them.
Definitely the same ones you were reading.
According to Mario Lopez, his first kiss was with Fergie when they were both on Kids Incorporated.
Here's just the next fact in the same list.
According to Mario Lopez, he's the only man to ever have two first kisses.
Sorry, I misread it there in the middle, but that's weird.
How do you have two first kisses?
My first kiss was Mario and Lopez and Fergie watching Kids Incorporated,
and I was kissing the TV screen.
It was both of them.
That's fun.
That's a fun kind of thing, because it didn't happen.
But this is kind of a fun thing to say, isn't it?
It's kind of just silly.
If you imagine kissing the TV and it's the two of them,
it's kind of playing off what Travis said.
It's kind of a silly thing to say.
It's like a silly little guy.
Number 14.
Mario Lopez has a sandwich named after him at the Quiznos in Long Beach.
It's a turkey club.
Now hold on.
You can't just call a turkey club the Mario Lopez.
Yeah, that's not...
It's already got a name.
A turkey club.
This is my signature sandwich, the peanut butter and Justin.
It's peanut butter and jelly.
Wouldn't it be great if Mario Lopez had never been in that Quiznos
and it was just an aspirational naming of a sandwich?
Like, he'll come once he finds out about the Mario Lopez.
I'm reading here that the character of Super Mario is named after Mario Lopez,
which is weird.
I'm not exactly sure how...
Was Shigeru Miyamoto a big fan of Stay by the Bell?
Maybe.
It would explain a lot, wouldn't it?
Mario has an impressive physique and he says he never drinks soda.
I love that I had to put that first part in there.
Mario Lopez, he's got a fucking sexy body.
Now you know that because the internet told you that
and you just didn't look at him fucking ever.
You won't catch Mario walking under a ladder.
He's very superstitious.
Like, Mario Lopez has like swung Tarzan-like vine to vine
from Kids Incorporated to Stay by the Bell
to fucking doing whatever he wants on TV
and being basically everywhere and looking amazing
despite the fact that he's 73 years old.
Like, I'd be pretty superstitious too.
Like, I will do whatever it takes to not upset the karmic apple cart
that I'm apparently riding an eye in.
Lopez once admitted to having sex on the Pirates of the Caribbean ride at Disneyland.
That's a long, this is a quote, that's a long ride, by the way.
It's very dark.
Hopefully I'll get the raft named after me.
Hey dog, I've been on Pirates of the Caribbean
and like, it's pretty well lit and full of kids, you monster.
It's not that long either.
You're a fucking monster.
You have to go, like, your foreplay has to just basically be the part
where they're like, get in, get in the boat.
And you're sitting on, oh, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, uh oh.
Mario Lopez, you're a fun guy.
41, he loves coffee and drinks it black.
42, not surprisingly, his favorite ice cream flavor is coffee.
That really could have been, they started to get,
they just wanted to get to 50, huh?
Yeah, they had 49 and they were like, oh shit.
Shit.
They were trying to beat the top 40 facts article
on the internet about Mario Lopez.
They probably cribbed a bunch of those too
and then they just added 10 about coffee on there.
Okay, wait, hold on.
I'll Google Mario.
Number 48, Mario Lopez wasn't on Saved by the Bell.
Hey.
Mario Lopez dick length.
Mario penis size.
Can we not?
Can we not?
And his big dick.
Mario Lopez nude.
Where are these?
What are you doing?
Is Mario Lopez circumcised?
Travis, what are you doing?
What?
What are you doing, Travis?
I'm just trying to get all the Mario Lopez facts
that this person craves.
I'm Googling Mario Lopez feet.
Sorry, guys.
See, Justin, you're part of the problem.
What do you think his next big project will be?
Okay, if you were Mario Lopez, right?
And you had that Lopez heat, what would you do with it?
Well, that's a great question, Travis.
Me?
A restaurant for dogs.
Okay.
And yeah, no, that makes sense.
No humans allowed here.
Oh, and I call it Gone to the Dogs.
I might just do that.
A Mario Lopez joint.
Yeah.
You wouldn't try to get something even Lopez adjacent in there?
Nope.
All the waiters will be dressed like Mario Lopez.
Listeners, if you're wondering why the last 30 seconds of the show has gotten a little laggy,
that's the sound of all of us trying to come up with some sort of dog-related pun
for a restaurant starring Mario Lopez's Caters to Dogs.
We have, as you can tell so far, been unsuccessful.
Lopez?
In this effort.
Is there Lopez?
Mario Lopez.
Gone to the Dogs.
This is pretty good.
That's his pet story.
Gone to the Dogs 2, Mario Lopez.
Sequel to my last joint.
Oh, it's like how Bill Murray made like a Caddyshack restaurant that was like all golf themed.
Mario Lopez, his mistake was he made the dog themed restaurant first
and then he spun that off into the movie Mario Lopez.
What if Mario Lopez had been a dog, the movie, based on the restaurant?
I don't think this needle is going to get threaded, gang.
Nope.
Well, listen, hey, we had a good effort and-
Hello, everybody.
It's me, Socrates, the inventor of jokes.
And I'm here to congratulate you on finding the impossible joke.
The joke that can't be told.
Oh, I knew we'd just- it only took us six years.
Thanks, Socrates.
Thanks for letting us know now.
You've worked hard.
You found a lot of difficult concoctions over these past six years,
but you found the two subjects that cannot be combined to create humor out of it.
I'm Socrates.
You can keep trying, but you're only wasting your time and the listeners time.
If you're a listener right here and you are probably have already cooked up two or three hum diggers,
do not fucking-
No, I'm telling you, don't even tweet those shits.
They suck.
I'm telling you, I'm Socrates.
Now, Socrates, did you discover the same combination during your time?
Is that how you know that there's nothing but darkness on this path?
I did.
I looked into the crystal lens.
I looked into the crystal lens and I saw Mario Lopez.
And I was like, yes, yes, yes.
Got a hand up under that toga, if you know what I mean.
I masturbated to the crystal.
And then I was like, what if he owned a restaurant for dogs?
And everyone thought that was so whimsical.
And they were all perched on the edge of their seats because I was performing at the Apollo.
It was a different Apollo.
It was like for the god.
And anyway, I just couldn't do it.
Just couldn't get, couldn't-
Is that why you got poisoned?
Sorry?
Is that why you got poisoned?
Was that you?
Yeah, that was me.
They killed me right there on the spot.
And that's where the term to die on stage came from.
But I died happy, didn't I?
Looking at Mario Lopez.
So wait, you're looking at it.
Let me get this straight.
You're looking at a lens of Mario Lopez in front of people beating it.
The crystal lens.
You were already on some fucking Andy Kaufman experimental comedy shit, huh?
Bros, this was like either Rome or Greece.
I'm not sure sort of when I operated.
But anyway, yeah, that's like sort of common procedure.
You're not enjoying a good sporting event or a good joke or a wedding or a bar mitzvah.
Nope, we probably didn't have those back then.
But anyway, yeah, I was having myself a good old toga tongue.
That's why you had the togas in the first place, right?
Yes!
Now you're getting it.
Am I?
Am I?
Well, Socrates, thank you so much for coming by and saving us the trouble.
We would have just kept bashing our heads against this thing.
Yeah, nobody wants to hear that.
I'm actually speaking to you through the crystal now.
Before I died.
Oh shit, that's a paradox.
Oh shit!
That's weird.
His apparition just like deleted itself from-
That was weird.
Just like barkio Lopez?
Is that like a thing?
Is that-
No.
Hey, I'm back!
Oh shit!
Oh my god!
Oh my god! All my hypotheses!
They're ruined!
This changes everything!
Just barkio Lopez?
We're gonna enter into like universe B.
All right, well, next question.
Here it comes.
Man, I googled so many things in the last five minutes.
I need to close them before the FBI sweeps in.
I mean, I googled when will Mario Lopez die?
And I feel like that put me on a very short watch list.
It's just me and Mark Paul Gosler.
Okay, I live it.
Okay, my boyfriend and I go out on a very regular basis.
So we spend a decent amount of time in the car together.
I like to listen to music during transit and I love to sing along to songs.
My boyfriend will constantly ask me a question or try to talk to me
in the middle of a song I love to jam to.
I've told him I find this frustrating, but he still does it.
Am I wrong to want him to wait until the end of a song for a chat?
And that's cranky co-pilot.
This is the weirdest.
I'm imagining like me and one of you guys in the car
and just like one week just came on and I'm like,
time to show off my rap skills.
Chickity China, the Chinese.
And then like one of you is like,
hey, did you see the new Star Wars trailer?
Like in the middle,
like while I'm in the middle of busting out those fucking raps,
do you know how angry I'd be?
Car singing is the most intimate personal like thing
you could possibly do that doesn't involve a toga.
And I don't know why you would do that with another person in the car.
There are two reasons.
It's simply not done.
There are two reasons.
The center will not hold.
The two reasons are one for comic effect.
Like you saying very like way too intensely to someone
or you saying the words wrong on purpose.
Like that's pretty funny.
Jesus, we are just putting on a fucking workshop today, aren't we boys?
We're just putting on a fucking laugh clinic.
For example, my favorite one to do it for is that one song about like,
cause I like you, I like you.
But instead I sing, put your makeup on, take it off,
put it on again, try again.
Now some more, a little more makeup.
Okay, that's great.
And it's pretty funny.
Yeah, I bet it would be if I knew like what the fuck you were talking about.
I believe it's Colby Callie.
And then the other reason is if it is a musical number that is a duet.
So maybe your boyfriend doesn't get that he's supposed to join you in on the song.
So what you need to do is stop and throw it off to him
and just be like, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Now you!
And like give him like the two points, throw it off to him
and get him involved in the song.
You could sing like you're just mid-island in the stream
and you're just like, and ladies and gentlemen,
please welcome to the stage of the Sahara, Mr. Dillon.
And then just wait for Dylan to pick it up.
That would be aw-
If someone did it to me, I would feel so cool for like five seconds.
That it took you to realize you don't know the lyrics.
Yeah, nobody knows any of the fucking words.
Islands in the stream.
The stream.
That is what you are.
That is what you are.
Is that right?
Chasing waterfalls.
I don't actually-
I can't actually-
Like a superstar.
And we're fishing now.
Come away with me to the island island stream.
That's actually what most people don't know,
is they're actually concurrent lyrics to islands in the stream.
Both of us are correct.
I wish I'd been with Jimmy Buff the first time
we heard that fucking song.
And he was like-
Motherfucker!
What are you, why?
Why, Justin?
Like how did I not write this?
He doesn't seem, and now island definitely,
but he doesn't seem like a stream based performer to me.
Like islands in the bay.
Yeah, he doesn't like bodies of water that are landlocked.
Yeah.
Nobody knows that.
I don't, I think, I gotta be honest.
I hate to like, I just think it's kind of rude.
I think it's a little rude.
To sing or to interrupt the song?
To sing with somebody else in the car
when they're trying to like,
you're in a relationship with somebody,
no one's ever been like,
listen, I knew the day I wanted to marry you
is because I never wanted to hear SWV's week,
that's Sisters of Voices.
I never wanted to hear that without you on the track.
And that's how I knew,
like you get together with somebody
so you can like talk to them and spend time with them.
And if like you're both singing a song that you like,
that's one thing.
But like, if you're just putting on a little personal concert
for somebody who's trying to operate a motor vehicle,
like how would you feel if like mid concert,
they just slipped earbuds in their ears
that they started listening to a podcast?
Like that'd be pretty savage.
That's kind of what you're doing to them.
This question asker is definitely asking,
like has asked the boyfriend not to do it anymore.
Oh, then you just seem to give indicates,
song comes on, you crank it up,
you look at him and go,
I'm gonna sing now, talk to me after the song.
And you just go, communication just right there.
What is he supposed to do?
What does he do for the next three minutes?
It listens and enjoys, listens and enjoys.
Claps like a 10 year old, 15th century Lord.
Just like, yeah, it stands for me, Jester.
That's what you look for in any partner.
I think the ability to enjoy you in a childlike manner.
I can see a situation where I would be the singer
and I would get worried
about their non-participation in the song.
And like, if John Michael Montgomery's
sold the Grunty County auction came on,
and then I, of course, I'm gonna.
Hey pretty lady, won't you give me a sign?
Give me a sign, I'll do anything.
Of course I'm gonna like.
I thought we were gonna burn it down.
Oh, yeah.
We've done this six years, have we not earned?
One fucking job.
I went down to the Grunty County auction.
I saw something I just had to have.
I can't, we gotta pay Bryce.
My mind told me I should proceed with caution,
but my heart said go ahead and make a bid on that.
He did a lot of research into auctions.
I said, hey pretty lady, won't you give me a sign?
Oh, that's good, no, I'm definitely not gonna sink you guys.
So this is gonna be like, oh, good, good, good.
I've never seen anyone, never seen anyone looking so,
never seen any, never seen anyone, never seen,
never seen any, never seen.
We're just gonna duplicate it so there's 19 of us.
All just different parts of the song.
It's a round.
Blonde hair, blue eyes.
Give me a little sign, gotta have her,
she's one of a kind, about to bid my heart goodbye.
Going twice, I'm sold to the lady in the, give me a sign.
That's what you guys fucking sound like.
She said, I don't know, I think you were just.
Well, I went down to the Grundy County, give me a sign.
That's you guys doing a little live remix.
Should I get my guitar?
Let me grab my guitar.
No, no, no, hey, juice, juice, juice, juice, juice, juice.
Real quick, juice, real quick, before you do that.
Yeah.
Do you guys want a different yahoo?
Should we go to the Money Zone?
Money Zone, and here's an instrumental musical vocal
transition into the Money Zone.
It's the Grundy County Auction by us.
We recorded it afterwards in a professional studio,
and it sounds really good,
and I'm gonna play for you right now.
You wear underwear every single day.
On my butt, that's true.
Well, hold on, maybe you do, maybe you don't.
No, you probably do.
Statistically, you do.
Sometimes I wear, sometimes if there's a bad storm outside,
I'll wear a thunder wear.
Nice.
When you're wearing a suit-
Sometimes, if I'm very curious, I'll wear wonder wear.
If I'm feeling really religious, nunder wear.
That's good.
If I'm feeling like making some word jokes, punder wear.
Okay, so-
If it's the first day of the work week, munder wear.
I'm not gonna let you motherfuckers Dan McCoy me
through this advertising break.
You're just gonna have to just do yourself.
I feel like I've got two more.
If I'm in middle school-
Fine, I'm over here, I'm done, I'm out.
If I'm in middle school,
and I see something even remotely sexy, cunder wear.
Nice, okay.
If I'm planning on a day on the beach, sunder wear.
Or, also concurrently,
if I'm planning on ripping things apart, sunder wear.
That's pretty good.
I'm done.
Oh, if I'm about to go jogging, runder wear.
Okay, so let's do it.
I'm done, done.
Go ahead, go for a juice.
What if you're trying to catch sharks
with putting a lot of blood in the water?
Oh, chumder wear.
There you go.
Mionis are the most comfortable underwear you can wear.
And that's what this company is dedicated to making.
They're made from sustainably sourced modal.
So, a few years from now,
your children will be able to enjoy watching modals
frolic through the trees.
Used to be to get one pair, you would kill a whole modal.
And you'd only use like 5% of it,
and you'd throw the rest right down into the modal well.
But they use every part of the modal now.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's twice as soft as cotton,
and nothing really describes the fit and feel of these
until you put them on your jinnies yourself.
Shipping is free in the US and Canada,
and you can save $8 a pair
with the Mionis subscription plan.
You can get the subscription or a single pair.
Either way, you get 20% off your first order
when you go to meundies.com slash my brother.
You're gonna adore these underwear.
So listen, if you wear glasses, sure, we all do.
Hi, I'm Travis McElroy, the spectacle gentleman.
If you wear glasses, then you know
glasses are just an unavoidable part of life.
Try not wearing them.
Just try it.
You can't.
There are lots of people who like don't,
like they're-
You have garbage eyes.
Your eyes are made of garbage and you can't see shit.
What are you gonna do?
Go to some box glasses store and pay way too much?
No, that would be dumb, and you're not dummy.
You wear glasses like a smart person.
What you're gonna do is you're gonna go to Warby Parker.
You're gonna get contemporary prescription glasses
starting at just $95.
Like if you've ever bought glasses before,
you know that that is an amazing price.
You can get prescription sunglasses
starting at just $175, and that includes the lenses.
Here's how it works.
They have a home try-on program
where you order five pairs of glasses.
They ship directly to you.
That's for free.
You try on all the frames.
You get a feel for them.
You actually get to look at them.
People get to look at you and say, that's great.
You get five pairs for five days,
and then you mail back the ones that you don't want.
You only keep the ones that you want.
It's an amazing system, and it really works.
You go to warbyparker.com.
That's W-A-R-B-Y-P-A-R-K-E-R.com slash my brother,
all one word,
and you get a risk-free try-on experience today.
warbyparker.com slash my brother.
If you would like to have a message read on our show,
you can do it by going to maximumfun.org forward slash Jumbotron.
It's the place to go to wish someone happy birthday
or to talk about your Etsy business,
or like if your friend James is in a coma
and like you want to say, James, please wake up
and you want to send him a message through the Jumbotron
and maybe you're fucking with him
through his favorite podcast
and you paid money to like have them say,
James, please wake up.
You can do that.
Just go to maximumfun.org forward slash Jumbotron.
Do we have a message this week?
Yeah, I got one for Clementine.
It's from Aunt Jessica and it says,
welcome to the world.
I want your life to be filled with laughter
so my bim bam greeting seems like a good place to start.
I know your mom was a fan when you were in utero,
so you're already prepared for a world of majestic horses,
haunted dolls, and Garfield monstrosities.
We're all so glad to finally have you here.
So what's up, you cool baby?
So, I mean, she's probably seven by now,
but gosh, I'm just so happy to have Clementine
here on Earth and in high school.
I'm just really happy this is here.
So vote Clementine, 2016.
Vote Clementine.
Vote Clementine.
She's a mother of three and she's just doing her best to, okay.
So basically, welcome to the world and also we're sorry.
Yeah, welcome to Earth.
You guys, I'm so excited to introduce to you
my new baby, Getting Curious with Jonathan Van Ness.
This is gonna be a really fun look
at things that I find curious,
whether it's a menstrual cup,
it might be the Romanov family,
it might be fracking, it could be Carly Fiorina.
I don't even know, who knows?
It's gonna be whatever I think is interesting.
I can't wait to bring it to you guys.
We're gonna be bringing in content experts.
I'm gonna be learning the things.
It's only gonna take about 30 minutes
for you to expand your baby brains with me
and have a super fun time.
So I can't wait to see you
on our first episode of Getting Curious.
I started a new job and it's been great,
except one of the other employees
have been trying to give me friendly warnings.
Now that's in quotes,
but I thought I implied it with my tone.
You did great.
Now I know how to do my job and no one has complained,
but these warnings have gotten in my head more than once.
Their latest warning just annoyed me.
Quote, try not to get that done early,
so you can get in trouble.
What?
Let me do it like I think this person did it.
Try not to get that done early,
you can get in trouble.
What the fuck does that mean?
I don't know.
So brothers, how do I deal with a coworker
trying to assert dominance?
And that's from You're Not My Supervise.
You fucking shank him.
You fucking shank him right between the second
and third rib.
Just like give it to him right there.
I wanna, okay.
I side with the question asker here,
but I would pose that it's possible
they're not trying to assert dominance.
Maybe that's 100% how they're coming across,
but maybe like they consider themselves
a bit of like the welcome wagon for new employees
who they've really figured out how things work around.
They've been around the block.
They've seen new employees come and go
and they've really got the lowdown
and they wanna help you out,
but it's coming across like,
well, even as I said it,
it really does like I know it and you don't,
which is bullshit,
but it might not be consciously as shitty as it could be.
Does that make sense?
Maybe they are on some level trying to help you.
They're just really shitty about it.
Some people actually like,
some people don't have a way of communicating
things about their lives
or like don't have that much interesting stuff in their life
or don't have much of a personality outside of their job.
Like their job is the way that like they define themselves.
So the way that they're trying to make a connection with you
is sharing,
because it's the only thing they know
that you have in common.
So they're trying to connect maybe with,
I may be being too charitable here,
but I've known people who they're so sort of embedded
in their job that it's really the only thing
they have to talk about.
Jesus, Justin, you don't have to fucking sub tweet me.
I'm right here.
Yeah, I'm really obsessed with my podcast,
my video output,
but I'm not just one dimensional.
I get out there and do lots of stuff.
I go jet skiing almost every other weekend
just to work on my jumps on the jet ski.
But to be fair Griffin,
now you've talked about it on your podcast.
So now that is part of your podcast work.
Son of a, oh my God.
I think this person is trying to be the boss.
And the only way to be the boss is to beat the boss
and they're not gonna beat,
they're not going to attack their boss.
Do you have some kind of like boss beating strategy guide?
Yeah, I posted it in Prima games,
published it and it's also a boss guide
for Castlevania Symphony of the Night.
So like, if you follow that,
then you'll be able to also attack your boss
and win in like a physical fight.
There's a lot of crossover,
just, you know, use a lightning type weapon.
I think that this is like really shitty.
The way that, it may just be entirely,
I might just be projecting
because of the tone of voice that Justin used
when he said this thing
or the tone of voice Travis used when he said this thing.
Maybe I should direct this aggression right at Travis
and maybe this is more innocuous than it sounded.
But this idea of this person being like,
do you try not to get that done early?
You can get in trouble.
That's some fucking Dorian Gray bullshit.
Is that his name?
Sure, it's also possible that this person
isn't actually trying to help you.
And by saying shit like, don't get this done early,
I could see a scenario where you get it done early
and the boss is like, well, now I can give you more work
because I know you can get it done on time.
But like, I can't imagine an office scenario
in which you would quote, get in trouble
for completing tasks ahead of time.
We need, what we need, by we, I mean humans,
we need like fighting plumage.
Because like, obviously you can get your body really big
and you can like assert, you can reassert dominance
against them by like just showing them your big muscles
and like sticking out your chest
and making human fighting noises like, come on, come on.
That's like our like fight sound.
But I'm saying like, we need something
like most frogs have where they like extend
their throats out real big.
And you know like, oh fuck, I gotta stay away from that frog
or like birds that like shake their plumage
to let them know like, if you're feeling froggy
then fucking jump.
But we don't have that as humans.
Are you pitching a scenario in which like you get
your hackles up and someone's going,
oh, leave him alone, he's in a bad mood
or like literally like someone comes up to you
and they say something shitty.
Like you might get in trouble and you're like,
and they're like, oh shit, it's like a dilophosaurus.
We need to leave that fucker alone.
I'm saying humans need neck webbing or something.
Got it.
That they can really just like.
And it's not just for, it's just to scare somebody off.
You wouldn't use it in a fighting.
Would it also be for mating?
Oh, fuck yeah, dude.
You shake that in a certain way and it's like, all right.
What if you keep your fists in satin bags?
Uh-huh, okay.
I'm already up for it.
Reel me in.
Satin bags.
All right, do the satin bags.
Can you describe the satin bags?
Because I really need you to paint me a picture right now.
Yeah, you have, they're sort of like,
imagine the crown royal bag with the red satin and you slip them over your fists.
And on one of them, very decorative, is embroidered the word lucky lefty.
Lucky lefty.
And then on the other one is embroidered the word right boy.
Is it the same for all people or does everyone have their own customized specific?
Same words, custom fonts.
Okay, all right.
Web dings, comic sans are popular options.
So if somebody gets on your case and they're like giving you the business,
then you just start slipping the satin bags off your fist as if it's time to say like,
time for work, time to go to work.
They'll get it from there because there's no reason that you would take them out of the bags.
Because your fists, I mean, it's all just fists.
What I love about that, Justin, is you only need to do that once
to establish what it means when the bags come off.
It's not like a learned behavior that you would only have to once
remove the bags and punch someone and put them back on
before everyone would be like, if he goes for the bag, back away.
Don't break eye contact.
Do not smile.
That's a show of aggression.
Keep your shoulders hunched.
Just move away and then turn a corner as quickly as you can.
This would make a bar fight way more interesting.
I don't like watching people fight.
Like, those videos pop up on Facebook and it's like, watch these 12 dudes knock the
fuck out of each other at a baseball game.
No, I don't want to watch men get hurt.
No, thank you.
But I would watch 12 men standing in a circle very slowly taking bags off their hands going
like, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh.
Because it's the drama, it's the build up.
It's the fucking drama, it's the build up.
It's the Christmas Eve of the brutal attack.
You know what would make human fighting so much better?
So when deers, when male bucks fight, like deer, bucks, they like slam their horns together.
And sometimes there's a chance that their horns become stuck together.
And then they just have to kiss.
That's nature looking out for itself.
Like, hey, you two are beautiful.
Don't fight.
I'm gonna make y'all kiss instead.
Clink, you're stuck.
Smooch, smooch, smooch.
But can you imagine if two like drunk people at a bar were like, we're gonna have to fight
about this.
And then they started fighting.
But then by the end, like their arms were just like stuck together, like hooked together
in a way that they couldn't get out.
And they're like, oh, man, now we're both look like dummies.
Now we're both embarrassed.
And that smaller person took our drinks and we can't do shit about it.
I think I like that.
Something like that does happen, though, in boxing.
Yeah.
Sometimes the boxers will get into like, they'll be so exhausted.
Uh-huh.
That they'll kiss?
That they'll like, no, they'll just like wrap each other up and stand there for a second.
And it's like, it's beautiful because it's both of them saying.
I want to fight.
I want to punch you so bad, but I'm so sleepy.
I want to punch you more.
But I'm so, one of them just whispers in the other's ear.
First of all, I am tired.
I am true of heart.
And the other one whispers back, you are tired.
You are true of heart.
It's like this moment where they're both very human.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Like it's very, they're very connected to each other and everything.
Just the whole thing, you know?
And then another one gets so angry.
Yeah.
That they let themselves become so vulnerable.
Yeah.
Using the energy to finish the fight.
I think that's why it would be nice if you gave boxers like the chance to ring their
own bell when they need a break.
Yeah.
Like they hug and they're like, do you want to take a break?
We'll sit down on our stools.
Someone will cut us and put like a cold quarter on our face or something.
Or on the flip side, it's just like, I'm just going to stand here and hug
you and take a nap.
Because I don't want the man to cut my face anymore.
And as long as I'm in here, I'm safe from the cutting man.
You lean against me.
I lean against you.
And neither one of us has to sleep with our heads in the way.
You know what I mean?
Hey, man.
I also am very afraid of the cutting man.
Oh, good.
I thought it was just me.
Nah, dude.
Just hug me here.
I'll watch your cutting man.
You watch my cutting man.
Yeah.
That sounds like a good arrangement.
Please don't make me go back to the cutting man.
Should we punch each other more just so they don't like ring the cutting man belt?
Yeah.
I guess so.
Oh, man.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
That's what hurts so bad.
My face is so tender.
Please.
I can't get cut.
You have blunt and he has edged and I'd rather take a blunt hit.
Please just punch me again.
I don't want to punch you again.
If you don't punch me, I have to go back to the cut man.
Free me.
Free me from the cut prison with your punch gloves.
I'm gonna be honest with you.
I don't want to go over there and I don't want to get my face all cut up to release
the pressure in there.
But I also don't want to get punched anymore.
Do we have any way out of this?
Can we save face?
Can we both lay down?
Do we got any kind of exit strategy out of this so we don't get to have to punch each
other anymore?
I'm just sleepy.
You smell.
Hey, dog.
Hey, dog.
You smell good.
Thank you.
Boxing is really the story of two guys trying to run away from their individual cut men
and they just meet each other in the middle.
It's like, well, I got to go through this guy because he is not altering his course
whatsoever.
And if you punch good enough, the referee doesn't make you go back to the punch man,
to the cut man.
I think there's some truth to what we're saying though, because every fight by like
round three through ten, it's just like, not that I've watched that much boxing in
my life, but it's just kind of peters out, right?
And that first round, they go crazy.
And after that first round, they get into a hug in the second round.
They're like, hey, dude, I don't know about you.
I just remembered, I do not like being punched.
Yeah, me too.
That's why when you see that like one punch KO on like the first punch of the mat, like
at first the guy who punched the guy out is like, yeah.
And he's like, oh, I didn't get myself hardly any break away from the cut man.
I have to go right back.
I was literally just there.
I didn't get, I should have, I should have waited to knock that guy out so I could have
at least like ten minutes where I wasn't with him.
Oh, it's kind of sad.
That's why it's called the beautiful dance for it.
Do you want to go?
Can I give you fucking Kanzayahu real quick?
Yeah.
It's by level 9,000.
You know, you answers user.
Sally, thank you, Sally, for this question.
Sally asks, I have to go to a bully's birthday party tomorrow night and I do not know what
to give them for a gift.
Can anybody help me with this?
No details.
No details, huh?
Is there not enough fucking, that's a beautiful short story.
You were invited to, let's say Brock hit Lesnar.
Brock Lesnar.
Brock Lesnar.
I would call him a fucking bully.
You're invited to Brock Lesnar's birthday party and all Brock does is pick on you while
you're at school.
This is like, yeah, we're picturing this like a Muppet Babies, but it was like MMA and boxers.
It's WWE Babies.
I was getting there.
Yeah, wrestling babies, wrestle babies.
So you're in a wrestle babies situation.
We've all been there and you're invited to this.
You don't want to go, but maybe like your mom knows Brock's mom from church and she's
like, we have to go.
The Lesnar's, you know, they're in our Bible study.
We have to go.
What do you get, baby Brock?
I mean, the obvious answer is a Jimmy John's sandwich or a Jimmy John's gift card.
Is that a Brock Lesnar thing?
Boy, that would be a fucking funny joke if either of you two knew anything about wrestling.
I wasn't sure if that was a wrestling thing or just like a bully thing.
Jimmy John, I'm just going to call him Jimmy John because he wears shorts as Jimmy John's
on them and he's the only fucking wrestler who's allowed to wear like a logo on a thing
and it's a fucking Jimmy John's pants and nobody knows why.
Nobody knows why.
I don't think he's getting money out of it.
I think he just like loves that roast beef.
He loves that hunter.
Yeah.
Loves that hunter.
Maybe you could get him a book.
I was about to say on not bullying, but what if you went the other way and got him a book
on how to be a better bully and you were just like, from now on, like, I got your back.
Like, I like that you're a bully.
I not only want to support it, I want to make you a better bully.
So when you bully me, I'm enjoying it too.
Reverse psychology.
Until he's like, I can't bully Travis anymore.
He enjoys me being a better bully.
What am I even doing?
This is that fucking Hey Arnold, Helga Pataki, like nobody came to your birthday party because
you're kind of a heel, but I came to it and I didn't want to at first, but now I'm learning
a lot about you.
You're learning a lot about me.
You're still going to fucking bully me come Monday.
But that Roger Klotz, if we may branch into a different, I like yours too.
I just want to expand it because maybe we were talking to a little bit of a generational
gap.
Roger Klotz, he finds your diary, but he doesn't, he says he doesn't read it when you're afraid
that he did, but he doesn't.
And it turns out he's not such a bad guy.
And then Biden can't sweat your shorts.
He's a good character.
And he puts, he puts the puzzle together.
What?
Ice cream.
Cause he's magic.
Wait, hold on.
And he tries to, he goes to awful waffle you and he leans in close to your ear and he's
like, I know my dad's a piece of shit too.
And he lets you up and then you're free to go.
And then sponge and donkey lips are there.
And man, a good show.
Allegra, Allegra pops out that window.
She's like, hi, I existed.
And also Eureka's castle.
Okay.
So much.
I got a perfect gift.
I got a perfect gift.
Two satin bags for his fists.
But listen, inside the satin bags.
Itching powder.
You got him, you got him, you got him, you got him, you got him, got him, got him, got
him, got him, got him.
Got him.
Well, no, that's actually bad.
That's actually maybe acid.
Now his fists are literally itching to punch you.
Yeah, that's, he's going to be withdrawing them all the time.
He's going to be an object of living fear.
Take it one step further, Justin.
Itching powder, crazy glue around the inside rim.
So he puts his hands in, itching, can't get the bags off to scratch him, goes crazy.
Yeah.
Hey, how are you supposed to work on a computer if you have satin bags over your hands?
That's why you don't see a lot of bullies in the technical fields.
That's why.
That's why.
I get it now.
That's why.
That's the answer.
Okay, listen.
I do just want to point out that the top answer on this question is somebody saying I would
give them a book on bullying.
So way to go, Travis.
I did it.
Or some stupid gag gift, like a roll of duct tape marked with to use over your mouth to
prevent bullying.
Really, I would do that in a heartbeat.
Would you?
Would you common sense?
I think you would.
Because it seems like you should have a funnier thing.
If you're going to do a thing a bit, you should have a funnier bit.
You should also not-
Did you hear my thing about the satin bags?
You should not use the phrase gag gift to describe something that would literally be
used to cover someone's mouth.
Because then that is-
That's not what that means.
I know, that's not- you're wrong.
I want to go back to talk about wrestle babies because I really feel like it's a property
we could expand on and be pretty rich off of.
Yeah, I would love to just hear you two say basically anything about wrestling for a minute.
Today wrestling.
I don't want to hear any fucking Jake the Snake shit or honky tonk man bullshit.
I want the current roster.
Baby Undertaker, he's still in there.
That's fucking cheating.
That dude's 50 years old.
Single H, which is baby Triple H.
Okay.
He hasn't earned the other two H's yet.
That's fine.
Do you think he would be Vince McBaby?
Oh, and they would have play pin matches instead of cage matches.
Okay.
Heck of a sec.
What?
That's mine.
I just took your thing because it worked here too.
It's my thing now on this show.
Hey listen, that's gonna do it for us.
What about Goldust?
Goldust, but he's just really little and he can sneak up at you through like toilet pipes.
Oh God, I just gave myself a shiver.
Well, birthday shiver.
Well, anniversary shiver here for six years of podcasting excellence.
I want to mark this occasion by thanking some folks for some stuff they sent us.
Meredith and Carl, maybe Colin.
I'm not real good at these notes here, but they sent us a save the day date.
Um, Stephanie and Michael-
Hey McElroy, save the day, Thursday.
All of them.
Stephanie and Michael sent us what I've noted here as an STD.
I'm hoping I mean save the date there.
And Tim and Mariah invited us to their wedding.
Apologies to all of you that we didn't make it, but I'm sure it's gonna be a special day
no matter what.
Adrian sent us a $2 lottery scratcher.
Didn't make any money off of that.
Don't live in that state anyway, so I probably couldn't redeem it.
Stephanie sent us a thank you note.
Somebody sent us in a fuck you Ron mug, but there was no information along with that.
Landon sent us a blizzard puck.
A Huntington blizzard puck.
I know, I know.
We can share custody.
Someone sent us juggling balls.
Didn't appreciate that very much at all.
They didn't have the-
I have, I want you to know, I've been practicing.
I also got those 2016.
I'm gonna learn to juggle and then we'll have a juggler in the family.
You'll just have to deal with it, dad.
How many, how many flashes are you up to?
Like not even one.
I can't.
I'm so bad at it, Justin.
I'll give you some tips later.
And also the Joyful Fox is the really cool Dr. Who clock, the Joyful Fox design.
Oh yeah, that was really cool.
You sent me a picture of that.
That was, yeah, it was really neat.
Um, uh, so that's, that's the gifts and I really appreciate everybody.
P.O. Box 54, Huntington West Virginia, 2576 if you want to send us something.
Travis has his own box.
P.O. Box 909, uh, Van Nuys, California, 91408.
You can find it all on McElroyShows.com.
There's also like all of our shows and like the contact info and that kind of stuff.
I want to say that I don't have a P.O. Box because I've sort of evolved beyond,
um, owning physical possessions.
But if you just want to think a good thought towards me today.
Just like think like a positive, warm thought and just send some of that energy in my direction.
I'd appreciate it.
All right.
And we want to say thanks again to MeUndies who are dedicated to providing the world's
most comfortable underwear.
Go to MeUndies.com slash my brother for free shipping and 20% off your first order.
Oh, also another note.
Please stop subscribing my box to horse magazines.
Like I get it, but they still keep, they just keep coming.
I have three Western Horsemen issues that I get every, I just would rather not.
I helped Justin clean out his P.O. Box when we were in town for Christmas.
And no kidding, guys, it's a fucking horse disaster in there.
And this is not one of those funny things where we're saying don't do it so that more
people will do it.
And you're like, well, I'm going to do it.
It's a waste of paper.
And like, it's a waste of horse.
It's a waste of horse information.
But most importantly, it has become a logistical nightmare.
Nightmare.
When my boy Tim at the Veterans Memorial Boulevard post office, when I pull up,
he's like, oh, this fucking guy.
They have literal, they have literal tubs in the back room full of unread horse magazines.
And it's, it is embarrassing.
It is embarrassing, but postcards are nice.
You can do that.
Postcards are great.
Unless one of those postcards ends up in one of the fucking folds of the horse magazines
and we'll never see it because it got tucked away in there and we thought it was like a
mailer for a second subscription.
Just saying that the hazards of these horse magazines are unlimited.
Justin, can I just say real quick too, as we near our 300th episode, it's so nice.
Thank you everybody for listening.
Like I, I've just every week struck by the fact of like, people still like this, huh?
That's, that's crazy to me.
And I'm so humbled by it.
Thank you very much.
We'll talk more about it at the 300th episode.
Um, I, I will say I, I have now ended the submission line for the people, like the look
back retrospective since I started listening to my brother, my brother and me soundbites
cause I have so many of them and they're so good and I have to start working on it.
So I can no longer accept new ones, but thank you to everybody who sent one in and hopefully
I can get that all done in two weeks.
I want to thank, say thanks to John Roderick in the long winter.
She used our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
It's fucking great.
Great album.
Good to listen to.
Good to hear with your ears.
Good to taste.
If you, if you're capable.
Yeah, go check out all the other amazing max fun shows.
And, uh, that's going to do it for us here, folks.
Uh, thank you so much as always for your support.
We love you very much.
And, uh, Griffin's got a final Yahoo for you.
I do have a final Yahoo.
Um, it was sent in by no kidding.
Probably 19 people, 19 different people sent this in over email over Twitter.
Thank you all.
It's by Yahoo answers user.
They are anonymous, but they asked.
Can anyone tell me how to get young Joseph Stalin hair
without showing the barber a picture of young Joseph Stalin?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad.
My brother, my brother, me kiss your dad square on the lips, maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture artists owned listeners supported.
Hi, my name is Justin McElroy and I'm Dr.
Sydney McElroy.
We host the medical history podcast saw bones, a tour of all the weird,
stupid, terrible, horrifying, hilarious ways that we've tried to fix people over the years.
If you haven't been listening to saw bones, you've missed out on topics like
the seasick proof saloon,
the woman who gave birth to bunnies,
the unkillable Phineas Gage,
the true story of Typhoid Mary,
polio,
and you can check out saw bones every Wednesday by going to iTunes or wherever podcasts are sold.
They don't sell podcasts, I told you this.
Or presented.
Offered for free.
It's free.
What better selling point could there be than that?
Every Wednesday, maximum fun.org or wherever podcasts are offered.
It's saw bones.
