The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's my brother, my brother and me, and there's a chill in the air.
Really? It's my brother,
my brother and me, and the ruffles have ridges. The ruffles have ridges and there's a chill in
the air. Can you guys feel that? I can feel it. My bones, my bones are so cold, oh my god!
Why can I feel temperature in my bones? Oh, you know what? I bought my wife a blanket at
the gas station. It was $5.99. It looked kind of like a Baja, and I tried to snuggle her up in it,
and she said that it smelled like tires. So I had to, I have to wash it. Of all the places
that make it. Wait, hold on. Did you go to the gas station to buy a blanket?
That's the question. Was it your blanket destination?
Let me hit you with this. Let me give you a bit more context. It was midnight,
and I was there at the gas station to buy beers.
And you thought, my wife is pretty fucking cold right now, I bet.
Honey, I got you some beers and a blanket and this funnel.
She drove and she was, she was sober and good to go. Me, I was buying my 10th and 11th and 12th
beers in the night. And she was, and here's my thought process. I'm walking in to the gas station.
There's a chill in the air. I should see if they have any Navajo style blankets in here.
Oh good, they do. Oh, do they smell like tires? I don't know. My olfactory center is shutting down.
This better cost less than $6. Oh, success. Perfect. Right underneath that line.
So this is an advice show. Can we start recording now or?
Yeah. This is a, time to record. This is an advice show and also blanket recommendations.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin, the blanket man, McElroy.
I'm your middle-aged brother, Travis, the Afghan McElroy. Oh no, wait, wait, wait. I'm gonna change
it. Good. My name is Griffin McElroy and I'm that quilt that you save just for picnics,
your dirty quilt. You know what I mean? The dirty quilt. Hey NDQ McElroy.
It's a quilt that you use it specifically for outdoor. Maybe there's a music festival.
Maybe you just want to fuck. Maybe you just want to fuck on a soft blanket.
I want to kick off the blanket advice by saying that if you're at the marathon station
on Hauger Boulevard, right off of 64, don't buy a blanket there.
That is enough information to triangulate and kill Justin.
Yeah. Just wait until 11 o'clock on a Friday or Saturday night. If there's a chill in the air,
you see one man wrapped in a blanket, like some sort of discount Mother Teresa,
then that will be me. As opposed to your high price, expensive Mother Teresa.
Yeah. You are going to get triangulated and it's triangulated.
Let's get into the advice. Um, I'm in a relationship that recently passed the one
year mark. Congrats. My girlfriend is lovely and sometimes I'm, I'm sorry,
my girlfriend is lovely and I want nothing but to be with her. However,
I've recently noticed that in my sexy dreams are no longer of random hookups between single adults,
but of cheating on my S.O. It seems my relationship has crept into my very sense of self.
I feel so guilty and fear my occasional sleep talking will give me away.
What can I do? And that is, of course, from thought crime at bedtime.
I do not think the sleep talking works that way. I do not think if you,
I do not think you anybody's ever been like, oh, Deborah, while they're asleep.
Oh, Deborah, your bobbums.
Oh, there was a time that I was having a dream about a book I was reading and leapt
up from bed to scream the main character's name because in my dream they were falling off a cliff.
But other than that, no.
Chas wakes up and just 50 shades of gray. No, I Griffin used to talk in his sleep.
I don't know if he still does, but I remember on car trips, you could have a conversation with
Griffin, but his only responses were in mumbles and he would be like, you say that, but there's
no fuck it. Like, how can you believe anything about me as a kid anymore after the baker under
your bed? That's true. You also, I used to think you slept with one eye open and now I wonder if
you never really slept. Yeah. Wait, what are you saying? Like Little Wonders? Like Little Wonders.
You might be a robot. That's small. That's small wonder. You're thinking of little monsters.
I was thinking of little women. Here's the here's ish. You can't control what you fucking dream.
No, you can't. I had a dream the other night that Teresa and I were fighting zombies and she got
bit and I had to kill her. And like she begged me to do it. She's like, you have to do it. I'm
going to change. And it was horrifying. And I woke up middle of the night, like two 30 and woke her
up to apologize to her. Yeah. And her response was it was a dream. Yeah. That's logical. Makes
a lot of sense. Hey, you guys remember an inception when the guy was like, I'm going to win, I'm going
to win this fight now. And then DiCaprio is like, oh, yeah. What? How about if I dream of this train
and then a train comes in and it kills the guy because Leonardo DiCaprio, like he aimed his dream.
Like first he created he he instantiated the train and his dream world and he aimed it and hit the
guy with it. Right. None of that shit would be true. Like he would say, like, here comes a train,
but instead he would be all of a sudden he's six years old and he's in gym class. Only the gym
classes upside down and they've invented upside down basketball. Here comes a train. It'll be
Quad City DJs. And they would just, they would be singing about even that. Even that I believe is
true. And then you have a dream about cheating on your girlfriend with the Quad City DJs. It would
be the Quad City DJs except they'd be singing like the Smiths or something like that. Honey,
I swear the Quad City DJs and I are just friends. We do in fact have a space jam going on though.
Mm-hmm. But that is not true. See you guys need to get on my tip which is lucid dreaming. Come with
me. Lucid dreaming is where you take control. Yeah. You wrest control of your dreams from Leo
and you say I'm the captain of this ship and you tell yourself tonight I'm gonna dream about
punching Stalin or something. Yeah. Something cool and then you do it and you take control
of your dreams. You just put a little bit of peyote under your tongue before you go to sleep.
If you can, really the best way to do it is to colon roll. And then basically your dreams are,
you are the master of your dreams. Grab the bridle of your dreams and put this paper towel
in your asshole. You have to be spiritually open and ready to control your dreams. And rectally
if you're gonna get that paper towel. If I'm not spiritually and rectally open, I actually,
I'm afraid to fall asleep because I have had control of my dreams for so long that I'm worried
if I go in willy nilly, the dreams are just gonna run rough shot over my emotions. Yeah,
the dream lord will be like finally a weak point. Finally. Now experience all the emojis you've been
holding back. You've been holding onto these emojis in this bottle. I've been saving them.
Experience them all. Have sex with the teeth that fell out of your head because you're naked at
school and you forgot your lines at the play. And you've forgotten how to run quickly and you feel
like you're moving through molasses. And also you're flying off a cliff and you're on fire and
your parents are there and there's your grandma. And you're trying to punch the dude but you can't
remember how to make a fist. You can't remember how to make a fist and your hands are bones and
teeth. I am the dream master, experience your emojis. And the fucked up thing about dreams is
you might be dreaming about- What is, hold on. What is the fucked up thing about dreams? No,
what I'm saying is like you might have a dream that's about like cheating on your SO. Sure.
And in real like, but what it translates to in the synapse of your brain is you were dreaming
about that because you're frustrated with the quality of work you've been doing at work. And
like it has nothing to do with your SO or sex or anything like that. Like your brain has just
translated those impulses to something else. So Travis, because you are, you are obviously so,
so good at this. If I do have a dream with upside down basketball and I'm getting gangbanged by the
Quad City DJs, how many of them are there? Quad City DJs? I assume there's four. Four from
different cities. And they each represent the different districts of that. Okay. Oh,
that makes sense. Four DJs inside. Then like, what's the- You're four DJs deep. I'm four DJs.
Well, they're, they're each one quarter Griffin deep. Anyway, what's the, what's the implication?
I think it means that there's big possibilities on the horizon. Okay. Okay. So you're using
them for fortune telling. Yeah. For omens and portents. Yeah. So you're saying that
dreaming of the Quad City DJs in a sexual fashion is a good, is a good omen. It usually means that
there's going to be a solid harvest. Yeah. I know there's going to be a solid harvest.
It's me and the Quad City DJs. You're going to like what you're reaping. Your barn will not be
overflowing with grain, but it will sustain you through the cold, cold winter. They are going to
be at, something's going to overflow. It's the Quad City DJs and me. Let the crystal pour.
Um. So long story short, your dreams don't mean shit. You don't have to worry about it. Dreams
don't mean anything. And you're not gonna, and if you, if she gets mad at you because of something
crazy you dream, that's a crazy thing to get mad about. Yeah. I don't think he's telling,
I do not think he's telling her. I think that his ish is that he feels guilty for his brain,
brain crimes that he's doing. Yeah. I don't think you have to feel guilty about that. Yeah. You
can't feel guilty. Your brain all day, every day, you spend controlling the literally thousands of
life ruining impulses. Yes. And you are, do such a good job of that. At evening times,
when you're asleep, just your, your brain has got to run wild like Hulkamania, brother.
It's got to get out there. It's got to do all the bad things that you didn't let it do,
but it'll do for pretend. It's a deal. Your brain is writing awesome movies starring you.
You don't censor them. You're saying, you're saying full, like lean into it, like full blown,
dip your balls into the Caligula Caligula, like wieners, wieners, ahoy everywhere.
Plaster the wall with them. Wait, why do you assume, whoa, why do you assume that everyone's
dreams are just full of wieners? Cause you can't imagine what a vagina looks like unconsciously.
Fair enough. Look at it this way. Like if you had a dream where you killed someone,
you wouldn't wake up the next day and be like, I got to turn myself in. Like I have
homicidal tendencies. I want to kill everyone. Like that's not how it works. So it doesn't
translate the other way. I'm not saying you should try to make your dream sexier. I'm not saying like
you should just like, you should like go to bed reading Tropic of Cancer to try to ramp up the
nastiness. Yeah. I'm saying, I'm saying that just like, let it, let it be, you know, don't
just let the stink build in there. Just let it get real, real ripe. Um, you guys want a Yahoo answer?
Yeah. You guys have totems, right? You got a little, like I've got a little,
it'll get a little thing and you hold it and then your dream, you know, if it's a dream or
if you're being incepted. Yeah, it's my wiener. Yeah, of course. Okay. Mine's my wiener too.
Cause nobody knows the heft. This Yahoo answer was sent. The weird sharp edges are. Why is it sharp?
This Yahoo answer is sent in by Supindle. Thanks Supindle. It's by Yahoo answer user
Rayo who asks, what do you think of Dan Aykroyd physically?
What do you think of Dan Aykroyd's aspect years ago and at present? Thanks.
All right. As weird as this question is, I know what this person is asking. Yeah. It's unrecognizable.
The shift. But, but, but the same shift has befallen
two of the Ghostbusters. I see what you're saying. Because Dan Aykroyd has gone through this. Harold
Ramis may as well be a different person. I mean, totally different dude. You would not connect that
guy. I would need him to show me his driver's license before I would believe that that is
Harold Ramis of Ghostbusters. Right. That's why I would say like Bill Murray has aged poorly,
but on a constant. No, no, no, no. Bill Murray, you look at Bill Murray, you look at a picture
of old Bill Murray and young Bill Murray and you say, okay, I can see how those two are connected.
That's what I'm saying. It's been on a constant curve, but not like for the better. Right. You
look at a young picture of Dan Aykroyd and it looks like Dan Aykroyd and you look at a picture
of Dan Aykroyd nowadays and it looks like Baron fucking Harkonnen. Like he'd look up.
It's, it's upsetting visually. Ernie Hudson, worth pointing out, looks great. Ernie Hudson looks
great. It's, you know why? He's young at heart and at brain. Dude fucking loves Pokemon cards. Well,
he's also my favorite Ghostbuster. The nice thing about Ernie Hudson is that he's managed
to take it easy since he hasn't worked himself too hard since Ghostbusters. Every so often he
does an episode of Psych and then he just kicks back, you know? He, I mean, he's still, he's got,
he's got his Beverly Hills Chihuahua residues, which is I'm sure treating him real nice.
I just looked up, I looked up Ernie Hudson just now to make sure that I was right about him looking
great. And he does look great for a 66 year old man. He looks wonderful. But I saw a picture of
his hand prints in cement. I was like, whoa, Ernie Hudson, you're a lot better than I thought. And
then I read the caption that says the hand prints of Hudson in front of the great movie ride at
Walt Disney World's Disney World Hollywood Studios theme park. Better than nothing. Better than
nothing. I don't have my, my prints aren't there. Yeah. It could have just been like he was going
outside to get the paper. He slipped, fell, they were filling in a pothole, burned his hands real
good. Did you guys see him in Franklin and Bash this year? No. I've never seen Franklin and Bash
to begin with. I'm pretty sure it doesn't actually exist. Is that a men's catalog? It's a Mark Paul
Gosler. Oh, I've heard of that. Yeah. It's on, it's in its third season. I don't know. I mean,
it's Breckenmeyer and Mark Paul Gosler, two of Travis's favorite, favorite people. I do not
believe that he is not watching the show. It's actually, they've canceled each other out and
that is so charming that it's just engulfed into a charming black hole and I can't watch it.
I understand. It kind of looks like his head is getting taller. Like his head never stopped
growing. Right. He is, he is actually becoming a cone head, ironically enough. Yikes. Yowzers.
Why are we? No, but now, okay, listen. Can we take a step back and figure out why we're making fun
of Dan Aykroyd as far as we are? That's what I was gonna say. To be fair, like it's never like in
the past when he was 25 that he was some dreamboat that everybody pined after. Oh, I'm gonna fuck
that. I think the interesting thing about Dan Aykroyd, other than the fact that he's obviously
a genius, is that Dan Aykroyd has made a career out of being a caricature of a person that it
turns out he is. Yes. Like, you know what I mean? I think the weird thing about Dan Aykroyd is
you think that he is mocking this like, like slyly skewering a certain type of person with
his whole spiel, and it turns out he just is, he snuck into Hollywood somehow, and he is in fact
that person. Yes. But I also, here's the other weird aspect that now as I'm going through my
head of all the Dan Aykroyd movies I can think of, it's like you could watch him become less and less
attractive, but he plateaued at this point where he was perfectly unattractive to play like a
hundred different roles. Like, instead of growing more and more attractive, something like, oh my
God, you're beautiful. You're perfect for this. Like, they were like, yeah, you'll look great as
a conehead. You'll look great as this dude. And then he kind of slipped over the edge of the
plateau and kept going down. You're saying there was a point in his physical life when Dan Aykroyd
was the perfect amount of unattractive and attractive to where he would be perfectly
believable in literally any role. He became the Lon Chaney of comedic actors for a brief,
for a brief moment in time, right around, I'm going to, I'm going to pin it actually
as, as right around, uh, I would say Casper. I think, okay. See, I'm going to put it in 1988
with my stepmother is an alien. There was a day, there was a six month period in his life
when Dan Aykroyd could be believably married to Kim Basinger. Did he sign on to that movie
because he thought it was like a hard hitting documentary. Finally, finally we're unearthing
these schemes and scandals. But I like, I picture him in gross point blank and he was
perfectly unattractive in that, but not so much so that I was like, oh, see, I think,
I think Dan Aykroyd looks great. He's looking better. I think for me, there's a picture of him
from three where he's looking dynamite. Let me see up on his IMDb. We're just, we're just combing
through the, we're combing through the Dan Aykroyd pictures. I mean, no shit though. You guys,
Griffin might be right. And then I'm looking at a series of pictures as he's aged. His forehead
has literally gotten taller and taller. His hairline is not receding. His hairline is,
his eyebrows are just descending. It's like, it's like he's been put in a machine that's
filling his brain with thoughts. And it's just like making his head swell. Yeah. It's like,
he's got that, he doesn't have a forehead anymore. He's got that Tyra Banks five head.
Anyway, we're all big fans of your work, Mr. Aykroyd. And we do want to say thank you again
for, for listening to this show. I love your, I love your vodka. I love your, what if you pulled
like an Anthony Michael Hall and just like rolled up in a movie next year, just totally fit and
looking so good. And I was like, who the fuck is that? And like, Dan Aykroyd. I don't know who
that is, but I want to fuck him. Oh man. Maybe he'll be in a good day to die hard. But like,
as Bruce Willis's hunkier. Younger brother. Younger brother. Younger brother. This is my brother,
Stan McClain. This is my brother, Don McClain. He may look like the actor Dan Aykroyd, but that's
impossible. Look how fucking fit he is. Not to be confused with that other Don McClain fool.
I would love it if at the end of the movie, Bruce Willis just like takes off, takes off a prosthetic
nose and you look at it and it was, it was, it was Dan Aykroyd the whole time. You didn't even know.
And Dan Aykroyd like pulls out a, a shotgun and gives his signature line. Get along little doggies.
Get along, get along you jerkos. And then he fires at him.
I love that. Love that series. Love that franchise.
Sure. And it's only getting better. I work in a small rural high school and I have a problem.
The principal of my school does not know how to let go of a handshake. He will stand next to you
and hold a conversation with you. And without fail, never let go of your hand until the
conversation is over. Whether the conversation lasts 10 minutes or 10 seconds or three minutes,
he will not let go unless you pull out with the anxiety and fear of an anxious teen.
How do I extricate myself from these sticky situations without being too awkward?
That's from shaking in a small. Wait, his hand is sticky? Gross. That's an issue. This is an ish
of the highest degree. This is a serious situation. There, I have never felt, let me think, let me
think of. I think maybe. Really, just my girlfriend is the only hand that I've ever touched that I
wasn't immediately like, I don't like the way that that feels. You know what I mean? It's not like
there's always a humor on the on the human hand that I do not. I do not appreciate being in contact
with. I have for the longest time. It's a really weird hangout. But if you had the stickiest,
creepiest hands. No, but if I shake hands with someone or someone like touches my shoulder or
something, the first thought that pops in my head is their hand probably smells weird. I don't know
why, but like that always is like my first thought. I hate. Can I tell you something,
Trav? Can I real talk you? Yeah. Your hand has a faintly sweet smell to it that you put that I
don't want to cast aspersions, but everything you touch assumes that that scent. So maybe you may be
right in that assumption because you're passing it on to them. I think I smell wonderful. Okay,
yeah. I think I smell faintly of honeysuckles. You smell like you do. You smell a little bit like
honey and that's why. And that, but that's not good because your hand is gigantic. You don't
think you don't think there's a worse smell than honey. You don't think. No, you smell a little
bit like honey. That's just enough to be disconcerting, right? I'll work on it, right? It
sounds like fully like it sounds like a honey ham is a better way of saying it. When you shake hands
with Travis, it's like a honeyed ham. Now that is not true. I have a wonderful handshake that I've
been complimented on many times. It's because the people are you inspire fear in their hearts
because you have a very well, you know, Machiavelli said you can either be feared or loved, but not
both. And I chose to go with fear in my handshake. But then I love in the deep pools of my eyes.
When someone shakes your hand trap, they, they pull their hand back and they go, what the fuck
was that? And then they smell their hand and they go, what the fuck was that? I can't even imagine
why people have commented on the fact that they feel like the last couple of episodes have been
very anti Travis. If you're listening, it's not a bad Travis chase your bliss. It's not a bad
thing that my hand smells like honey or making it seem like it is. Is it possible that you can
convert the handshake to a hug? Oh, like a bro hug, like, like double tap on the back. Yeah. Like
a bringing in big, like a bump, maybe even not wrap the free arm around, but even like bringing
in and then pull out to show like, Hey, I'm done with this. Like I'm out of this. This is a really
odd cultural thing that would make me sincerely. I would, if somebody tried to hold onto me,
I would probably lose my mind with like being trapped in a social situation.
When is, when is a handshake appropriate? Like first greeting?
Never. No, but I mean, in the world, you can't say that. Cause like in a meeting, when like,
if you work in a business and someone goes, Oh, and this is such and such, like you don't just
like nod your head. It's a professional hug. Yes. Yeah. I feel like the hug is the, is the
gold standard of these, of these types of things. So I think the weird thing here is not the,
but it's not the timeframe for which he'll hold the handshake. It's that every time he sees you,
he shakes your hand. I really shake hands with people the first time we meet. And then the,
when we agreed to kill one another's relatives and we want to seal the deal. Those are the only times
and so we'll never be caught. Those are the only times when I feel like a handshake is appropriate.
Other than that, I don't want to hear about it. If you're, if you hold on past three pumps,
if you go to four pumps, you're officially holding hands at the very worst. You should
just slow your pumps, you know, in Somalia, you're married now. Now, when you say slow your pumps,
are you talking about doing like a very slow, like snake dance move? Or maybe you could go
to a side to side pump. Everyone does up and down pump, go side to side pump. And I guarantee three
times with that, he'll never shake your hand again. If I fucking ever met anybody businessly
and I grabbed their hand to go for the shake, but instead of doing the shake, I did the snake with
my arms and I started with my free arm and worked it over and he completed it to completion on his
other free arm. I would, I would sign any fucking contract that person put before me. Cause we are
then best friends. Yeah. That's the coolest move. That's a great move. There's no better way to
figure out like, do you know how when sometimes you think a person's lame or you just don't think
anything of them at all. And then you learn that they'd like say something like maybe they like a
band that you like, you're like, oh, you're actually pretty fucking cool. This is a,
this is a litmus test for doing that shit at first blush. Like, it's like the test from the thing
where you dip the hot wire in the blood. It's a, it's a quickest, fastest way to coolness. Travis,
when you say that someone should slow their pumps, you think that that's something you should try to
do with your own actions? Or are you literally suggesting a situation where you look this person
dead in the eye and say, Hey, hey, hey, slow those pumps down. What is the rush? Are you feeling
this electricity between us? This is something real we have here. Why are you rushing these pumps?
I bet you Matthew McConaughey would be in twice as many movies if he didn't do that every single
time in that four song person. If he didn't start with clutching the fingers and then work his way
into the palms. Hey, hey, hey, little nephew, why are we rushing pumps? Whoa, whoa, whoa,
Stevie Speils, let's slow it on down. I want to be in, I want to be your new Indiana Jones.
Who's having a stroke? The most, the most white beatenest man to ever live. Matthew McConaughey
and Bing Crosby's son, Matthew Crosby. Bing McConaughey, please. Please call me Bing.
My father was Mr. McConaughey. Someday at the end times, Matthew Crosby will have to take up arms
against Bing McConaughey. Once brothers, now bitter sworn enemies. Oh my Christ.
That was my Bing Crosby impression. We got to do this money zone. We got to do,
we got to. I don't think we helped that gentleman at all.
Here's what you do, fucking slap their hand with your other hand. That's why you don't handshake
with two hands. So you have the other hand to fight off an attacker. And that's what this
person's doing to you. Yeah, they are pinning you. Would you lose your job if once after he
was done talking, he went to break, you didn't break and you're like, we can think of more stuff
to talk about. That's good. That's good. Or maybe every time he touches your hand,
yell bad touch. Just like that. No, no, no, no, no dress it. Yeah. I mean, I need an adult.
Okay. Seriously. I want money. Okay. Who's this message for Griffin? I have no idea. Brad. Who's
this message from Travis? It's Amber. And Brad says to Amber, happy birthday love. I can't imagine
my life without noodle in the loaf and all this. Oh my God. It's noodle and the loaf, not noodling
the loaf. I just want to make that clear to everyone. They are both equally unpleasant on
a different spectrum of unpleasantness. How do you even do this? I just, so I'm clear. This is
Amber speaking to Brad and she loves noodle in the loaf. We were noodling the loaf. Oh yeah.
That was great. You're my Ron, my people, my bramble pelt. And she says the Brad is the best
writer slash musician slash singer she's ever known. His actual birthday is today. Oh shit.
Double. So double message. Go noodle his loaf and just wait, wait. Why is this a double message
Griffin? Cause it's his birthday on his birthday. Yeah. Also I don't think let's not get weird,
but I don't think he's the one that has the loaf. I can't actually think about the physics of
noodling the loaf. I know I wished it into existence and now I'm trying to wish it away.
So I'm going to move on to this message for Amy Endsworth and Brian. Be safe. If you're going to
noodle the loaf, please be safe. Make sure the loaf has cooled down. Don't take it right out
the oven. There's burns. Don't take your butt loaf right out of the sex oven. If you know what I
mean. And I think you know what I mean. I think you do. There's burns Amber. Be careful. Be smart.
Stay in school. Amy Endsworth. There's a message from Benjamin Endsworth, your husband. He says,
you make my life better in every way. You bring such joy into our world. I love you so much for
everything you do in our, you are my heaven and earth, my moon and my stars. And I love you. Thank
you for loving me. And by the way, can we try noodling the loaf? I read about it.
Well, see, I actually said it's insulation love sauce, which is what I see in what you
pour over noodle in the loaf. Yeah, we had this delicious noodle in the loaf. It was
smothered in love sauce. It was delish. That was, that was really sweet.
Please put, save funnier stuff next time for us. Next time, please do a little work for us.
I, I, I appreciate your love and it brings, it brings joy to my heart and my life. But if you
could say something in there, like a pop culture reference or something that we could make sound
like a penis and a vagina. That'd be awesome. Hey, doesn't it feel like it's time for Nicholas
Hyde's birthday? Yeah, it seems like just this time last year. Yeah. And then the year before
that, that he turned 91. Today we're celebrating the 92nd birthday of Nicholas Hyde from his pal,
John. He, Nick's a 3L law student. Apparently it's taken him a while to get through. He's a
apparently not. Why are you putting him on blast like that? Because he's 92 years old. He's a big
old dumb-o. Yeah. And it says he's starting a career in standup comedy. Nicholas, your birthday
present from us is that we're going to force you to choose a career path right this second. Go. You
can either be a lawyer, a standup comic or a video game master. Daris, those are the three things that
there are to be. Please choose one and move on with your life. One of those jobs pays real well
and then one of them's not really a job at all. I would choose lawyer. You'll get like a paycheck
and whatnot. That sounds pretty good. But video game master, the reward is inherent. And the robe
you get is beautiful. Yeah, it's all shimmery and yeah, I love that. The best thing about being a
lawyer is you earn a bunch of money and you know what the best thing to spend your money on? Ass
products. I was actually going to say a box that shocks your dick, but that's pretty good. You
guessed a good thing. I'm going to give you guys, I'm going to talk about ExtremeExchange.com. That
is your super store for adult toys. Adults only please. I'm going to get, we're going to do a
little quiz, a little quick two to three question quiz depending on how long your answers take.
I'm going to give you guys a name of a product and I want you to guess each guess with no hesitation
what you think it is. Who's starting? Travis will answer first thing. First product is nipple
boosters. I think it pulls your nipples out. I think it's like a jet pack, but you wear it on
the front and it's powered by nipple energy. Okay. That is Travis. Travis wins their suction cups
that you put on your nipples to heighten them. Okay. Okay. We're going to- I'm sick of my,
my nipples are like two inches below sea level. I hate them. My nipples are so lackadaisical.
Perk up boys. Pumping buddy tea hose connector. No. You know sometimes you're trying to steep
your tea and you're steeping your tea in there, but, and then- And you get lonely and you need
a pumping buddy to be there with you. You think like, I want to get that tea, but I want it to
go up instead of down. And so this is a special tube. And if you've ever heard of a butt chug?
Sure. This does it. This does it, but it's specifically with steeped tea. Okay. Travis,
what do you think it is? Let me give you a hint. Guess something with dicks. I think that you put
three dicks in and you form a tea and it pumps them. No. Well, it is that tube you connect,
you use to connect two dicks or a dick and a clitoris or whatever. Like a Chinese finger trap.
Exactly. Justin, on the subject of guess something with dicks, have you ever considered
turning this podcast into like a PSAT prep podcast? This podcast is two dicks. Do we have any sort of
measurable numbers for if this podcast does make you better at the PSAT? Yes, except the inverse
of that. I can't, it couldn't possibly make it worse. Nah, it couldn't make it worse. But anyway,
extremistraints.com is your home for awesome, awesome toys that you never knew existed. You guys
are buying stuff like, we like to go to the outer edges mostly just because we've talked about
Extremistraints so many times that I can't even get a semi talking about like dildos and stuff.
Yeah, that's old hat, man. That's old hat. That seems pedestrian. Are you saying that there once
was a time where you could say the word dildo and just like that? There's no full mask. No,
no, I'm not right. No. Extremistraints.com, use the coupon code MIDDLIST and we're going to save
you 20%. Well, we're not going to save you. The fine people of Extremistraints.com are going to
save you 20%. You guys are using that one and that coupon code quite a bit. And I would suggest you
continue to use it. And all your stuff will come in a very discreet box. None of those big bright
red, this box full of dildos boxes you normally get. You'll be lucky if you can find it. They will
make it look like the rock you hide your key under. Wait a minute. I could have sworn I ordered
something from them. Have you guys seen Looper? What they do is they travel back in time and they
give you that dildo 20 minutes before you ordered it. So you've actually always had that dildo.
Only you go, wait a second. But then you go 30 years and it's your dildo. It was your dildo.
They closed the loop. I closed my dildo loop. Now close your loop. And by loop,
I mean, butthole. Close it up with this thing. At Extremistraints.com.
Close your loop. You're orgasming wrong. I'm Dan Ackroyd, the brother of old Joseph
Ford Levitt. And I'm going to close your dildo loop. He grew up into me. He grew up into me in
an alternate future where someone gave him a dildo. Can you believe it? No, neither can I.
Me neither. In the future, dildos are illegal. So we have to put them in this machine and send
them back to you and you can save money on them and you got to get rid of them. By which I mean,
put them all the way up your butt until you can't see it anymore. That way future cops can't find
it. Griffin, are you suggesting that the reason Dan Ackroyd's head is increasing in size is because
people are using his head to store contraband future dildos? Is that what you're saying to
me right now? And as I assume all of you want a my brother, my brother and me shout out, just go to
maximumfun.org forward slash Jumbotron. And you too could join the podcast. I can't believe that
I use the same air in this room to wish those people that said that the stars were each other's
love or something to also say that Dan Ackroyd's head is full of illegal future dildos.
My husband Brett and I do a fantasy football league with a couple of friends and I have a
dilemma. I would like to flaunt my wins, especially over my husband, as I am the only
girl participating. However, I do not want to be mean and upset anyone. How do I celebrate
my victories without seeming like I'm throwing it in their faces? That's from Bama Girl. I think
it's Bama Girl. It could be Bama Girl. I will say this is a hard one for me to answer. Currently,
touchdown to an Abbey is a zero and four. So I think at this point, if I had a win, I would
pretty much set my house on fire. In celebration? In celebration. Thrilled celebration. As the Mario
Lopez dispenser, the GM of the Mario Lopez dispenser, who is currently sitting on a pretty
three-in-one, I think you can't worry too much about it. But can I make a suggestion to our
listeners, since that is what we are supposed to be doing? I think taking it from the angle of
I'm the only girl and I'm beating you and I'm a girl winning, I think you're just going to
alienate yourself and I don't think that that's a good way to go. And you set all of woman combat,
just celebrate on the angle that you are winning and they are not. You could send a message.
You could send a message saying, saying like, I'm a woman and this is, so that's normal,
and I beat you any, I beat you normal like a normal person would. Is that good? This is a
neutral victory that I'm having. Neutral victory? Jenner has no play in this whatsoever. My points
were higher than yours and that's really all it came down to. But like, let's be honest here. We
are talking about game in which you win by picking which other person is actually going to do a real
good job in the real world. Yeah, like bragging is all you have. Like it is a game composed entirely
of just shaming people for your good luck. Like that's it. Yeah. At least I hope that's it because
I'm zero and four. If it's not chance, then I feel brave. Do you want to know my fantasy football
secret? And this is not a joke. I follow on Twitter everyone on my team. Okay. And sometimes
like Michael Turner, I'll have a good game turning 22 points for the, for the Mario Lopez dispenser.
I'll send a little message, say, Hey, keep it up. I'm glad that I picked you from a fantasy team.
And then maybe Danny Amendola broke his fucking neck and he got four points for me. I'll say,
Hey, why'd you do that? Daddy needed those points. So you're doing like some, some computer chair
coaching. I'm doing some, uh, some Tweet-O coaching. I'll fly overhead and I'll drop those
sweet messages in their ear. Danny Amendola probably didn't want that. Probably didn't need
that. He probably needed support from his loved ones cause he's probably never going to ball again,
but I needed him to be a point factory, but that sort of positive or negative encouragement is
exactly what those people need to put the, put the PTs up on the board. By which I mean points.
Uh, I, so just brag, brag away. Griffin, can I have a Yahoo, please? You sure can.
Um, this Yahoo was sent in by Maxwell McCandless. Thank you Maxwell. It's by Yahoo answers user
A who asks, my boyfriend goes number two on my bathroom floor. Should I allow this?
I'm asking, I, I could ask the same thing of this question. Can we allow ourselves to discuss this?
Listen, listen to the specifics though. Okay. He says he can't go on a regular toilet because he
has to squat due to a medical problem. Okay. Sure. But he cleaned that's here's the, here's
the kicker. Are you ready? But he cleans up afterward. So the only reason that this woman
knows that this is happening is because he is coming in and going, Hey hun, drop the deuce on
the carpet. Don't worry. Full disclosure. I do not think it's carpet. I hope to God not.
I don't think he could ghost it quite that easy. I think that would be much, much more difficult to
go. I really need to, I really need to make business, but I don't have a spare 45 minutes
for the shampooing and a whole machine upstairs for some reason that grosses me.
You pop back to Tyler linoleum and I can work with it, but
okay. So everything is coated in feces. This is not a stop, stop, stop, stop, stop.
You gross me out again. Now I'm saying everything is, is coated in urine and feces. That's like,
that's our world that we live in. Okay. The only time something isn't is direct. I'm sorry, Travis.
The only time it isn't after someone has cleaned it. So what he is offering you is a,
is a more frequent respite from it's a clean. You're going to end up with a cleaner floor.
So you're saying that the only issue here is your mental block of thinking it's weird,
but in reality it's a good thing. Except, except you go in and it smells like
Lysol and the floor is a little wet. It's like he did that to you almost.
Listen, here's the thing in the real world, brothers got a medical condition where he can't
like shit on a real toilet and the doctor just goes, okay, I'm going to send you out in the
world with this condition. You'll be fine. You're just an unacceptable solution. I guess I can give
you, I don't know, a container or something, but I feel that that would inhibit your personal
growth. So just wherever you want. Listen, every time you say a pronoun, you vomit uncontrollably.
Have fun. Have fun out there. That big, flexible spirit. I'm sorry. I'm just getting the hang
of hypnotism. I didn't mean to do that to you. I'm sorry. I'm a hypnotist doctor.
You probably should have come to me before you gave yourself a self colonoscopy.
I've never seen anything quite like this male lactation. See you in a year. Next checkup.
You'll be fine. You'll be fine. Suck it up. Sip some of that sweet milk from me, brother.
I'll put it at my sex level. I'm just saying, is it not a possibility that this boyfriend
just like shitting on his lady's floor? He just likes doing that. Guys, I feel like I'm in the
radiation filled chamber and I've been in for too long and we have to run out of this question.
We have to vent. Okay. There are toilets that they use in Japan that are just holes in the floor.
You should get in one of those and then it won't be a problem. Just don't just shitting on your
floor. I'm sorry. What Travis? Like a disposable cake pan. I cannot run the risk no matter how
infinitesimal. I cannot run the risk of being out of cake pans. There could be an earthquake.
The house would be abandoned for 10 years. You come back a decade. Where did you get this Pyroxid?
Oh, Debbie loaned it to me. No, no, no, no, no. I think so. You're setting yourself up for an
episode of the twilight dead where someone serves you meatloaf and you're like, wait a minute,
does that have a chip in the lower left-hand corner? No. You're setting yourself up to one
day and probably not tomorrow and probably not the day after that, but that day's going to come
where you throw all your dishware away because you forgot which one it was. Because you forgot
to mark it. I can't do this question. The blue one was white or the white one was blue. Oh,
burn it all. Burn the house down. Burn the whole thing down. I started a new job after moving to
NYC three months ago, but the job very quickly became intolerably stressful. I got fed up and
looked for a better job and today I was accepted for a position that's not only better paying,
but in a much less oppressive environment. My current boss exploded when I gave my two weeks
notice. She emailed me four times and called me twice in the course of an hour, all to tell me
how shocked and disappointed she is. How the company is going to be in trouble because they
can't find a replacement in two weeks, et cetera, et cetera. How do I survive the next two weeks in
a hostile guilt tripping environment? I want to make sure I make it to my new job intact,
guilt to the death. Allow me to help you. Stop going. I don't go there anymore. It sounds whack.
It sounds like a horrible place. Yeah. I think if you give someone two weeks notice and they
make it worse for you to be there, they just got a no week's notice. Yeah, because keep in mind,
what kind of wreck is this person going to write you that you would want to provide to
any future employer? You're done there. Well, because here's the thing. Two weeks notice,
really, whether it's in your contract or not, is a courtesy. It's something that's there so that
they have time to- Sure.
It's not like- I mean, let's be honest. If people get laid off all across this country,
don't get the courtesy of a two weeks notice. But traditionally, from what I understand,
I've never quit a job, is that the two weeks is so that they will, that's like the understandable
period for them to find a replacement so that you still get a recommendation out of it.
Yeah, but in this circumstance, she's already got another job. What's the boss going to do? Call
and be like, hey, my employee gave me two weeks notice, but I don't want her to quit,
so you shouldn't hire her. Dip. Get out. I would seriously, I don't think you're going
to salvage this, and I know that you want to leave on good terms, but it sounds like these
people have already decided that you're leaving on bad terms. So you might as well meet them halfway
on this. So you're going to need to take a personal day for the next nine days.
Yeah, you're just treating yourself to a personal day. Maybe smoke a little doja and then go in.
Ooh. Ooh, hello. Maybe get a little- Go in drunk.
Maybe get to smoke a little peaches and herb and then go in.
Yeah, I like that. It's like office space,
but instead of getting hypnotized, you get a little dip.
You're ganja-tized.
Okay. Well, I'll work on it. I'll workshop it. I'll come back.
Hip-pot-tized?
Is that any good? Maybe spend an hour with Man for Man's Earth band,
and then you roll in. You say, hey, what's up with the work?
Hey.
Where's the paper at? Let me sign it.
Let me file those reports for you.
Hey, these keys are crazy, man.
We've never smoked a marijuana before, so we're just guessing what it could be.
That's what it's like. Like you're trapped in a glass box.
It makes you talk like a very meek jazz musician.
And he's afraid of waking the baby.
Shh. Hey, no, no, no.
Shhh. Shuffler is sleeping.
Look at that computer screen.
Ooh. I'm gonna type in an email.
I think that'd be such a power play to just start being the guy in your office
who always talk like that.
Just low-talk Greg, and everyone's like, what? Excuse me? What did you say?
They would eventually, even if you had put in your two weeks notice,
they would ask you to stop coming.
I can't hear you over the laser printer. What the fuck did you say?
I can't believe I just sent that email without a subject. Can you believe that?
I wish they put a little guy in there. You could just call it back.
Come on back, email.
I like this guy. I like this guy.
I like this guy, too. Can I talk like this for the rest of my life?
Ah, shit. The printer's broken.
Oh, what's wrong?
Let me take a look at it. Yeah, that's broken.
Oh, you got a jam. Just got a little jam.
We got a little toner bone going on here. I'm gonna fix this right up.
Ooh, got a little on my shirt.
I'll tell you what, why don't you just get that screen
and just read it out loud to the whole office.
I'll get everybody to shut down. Hey, everybody, Philip's gonna read this
real important email about not eating people's lunch out of the fridge.
Go ahead, Philip. As we say in the jazz world, the stage is yours.
Come on. Go on, don't hold back.
Does anybody want some of this? I like your rhythm. That's a good cadence, Philip.
Anybody want some of this, Jay?
Why y'all grimacing at me?
I do want to apologize for bringing my infant son into the office again.
The babysitter canceled, so poor little Grimace had to come along with me.
Plum tuckered out. I did name him after McDonald's.
Hey, anybody want up on this spliff tanning?
Now, what's that? You'd prefer I not return tomorrow? Well, that is, of course, your choice.
I will hate to not live up to my contribution, but I understand sometimes it just don't work out.
It ain't the way of the world.
And now let me sing you this song I wrote about a situation just like this.
I know, it's a little song just like this about a little old caterpillar just wants to
fill up his stores with grain, so he plays his fiddle all winter,
and then the chicken comes along and tries to eat his grain. I'll just be gone. You're right.
It's best I go now.
Do you have a box I can put all my accoutrement in?
Oh, actually, I just have this pen, so I'm just going to take- whoa, you're being a little rough,
sir. There's no need for that. I'll find my way to the elevator. No problem.
At all. I did want to hear the end of Philip's email. Go ahead, Philip.
Philip, you don't have to just sit there staring.
Why y'all crying?
Why's everybody crying?
Philip, maybe you could forward that to me. I do not own a computer. I will read it at the library.
And I, again, I do want to apologize to everybody for me not wearing pants or underwear
into the office today.
I know, I know.
Way from me not wearing pants or underwear into the office today.
I don't even believe I work here now that I look back on it.
Come to think of it, this is Denny's, so I am sorry about this.
This thing I've been typing on, it's been a placemat.
I do understand why my employment is being terminated.
That is not a picture of my wife and kids. That is eggs.
And now let me scat for y'all. It's not what you think.
You guys want us to scat? It's not what you think.
So this has been my brother, my brother, and me.
Too much? Okay, I'll bring it down.
This has been my brother, my brother, and me.
It's a comedy advice show, just a couple of three bros, laughing, learning, loving, living, leaping.
Quantum leaping.
Quantum leaping.
I'm just a little old jazz musician who had to go back and say,
right, well, once we were wrong.
It's like three quantum leaps, three old jazz musicians.
We will be back with you next Monday.
Hopefully that will be the leap home.
Unless, of course, we solve the problems of these three brothers' lives.
What happened when we jumped, Ziggy?
We'll consult with Ziggy to see what the problem is.
I thought we did pretty good with all the jokes this week.
Maybe, God, maybe we worked a little blue at some point,
but we haven't been told this was an adult audience.
See, no, we have committed this far.
We're going to drive this baby home.
Hey, do you mind if I take a second to show?
Go ahead, girl.
Let me go and show my little bit of appreciation to Mrs.
Go ahead, little brother.
Go ahead, go ahead.
Jonathan Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song.
It's an awesome place, baby.
Listen to that.
So we're going to listen.
Girl, you're fading out.
I put it on.
Set this record down on the radio.
We're going to listen to it all the way up to the kids.
I'd like to, you know, little brother, I don't mean to step on your toes,
but I do want to thank the people using Twitter to get their message on out there
about our little comedy show here.
Ejohns88, Vintage Spiffy, you know him, Iggy K, King Mento, Nobody Gaming,
Fox Shet, Bradley McStam, everybody, thank you so much for getting that,
getting that whole word out.
Yeah, I want you to know.
Hey, how about maybe just one more question?
Take us all on into infinity.
Hey, Travis, do want to thank you again for joining us this week.
Talking about your sweet sticky hands.
It's all right, y'all, I know.
I know what you do.
It's fine.
But now that I was good at it.
He just sounds racist.
That's why I'm so quiet.
I knew I shouldn't commit to the bit, so I just got quiet.
The two things that Travis has going for him are hands that smell like
hunted hams and a real honest self-assessment of his talent is really.
I know that voice abilities are not my strong suit.
You're just here.
This year, finally, Yahoo!
Answer was sent in by Emily Wall.
Thank you, Emily.
It's by Yahoo!
Answers user Jolteon01, who asks?
Hey, what's the difference between Jonathan Taylor Thomas and Haley Joel Osmond?
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Why don't you grab your old daddy?
He's just playing sweet.
Right on his livers.
We're here in teams.
Keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Play your part.
