The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother. Crack that beverage, baby, Griffin McElroy. The energy in the studio
is alive and electric. Cracklin, cracklin, cracklin. Bazinga, this energy's good. Cracklin,
oat brand, the energy bouncing from Justin and me, me to Justin.
Welcome to the Zeitgeist, folks. We are just riding a cultural wave right now,
thanks to our hot new party game, Which One Vapes? As you know, we invented this hit party game
accidentally last week, and it has taken on a life of its own created by Auburn Wood,
who actually went through and made the, almost to our exact specifications.
Yeah, this is well-tailored.
My only regret about the whole thing is that we've got this just title wave of fun game
that we did not think of any way to monetize at all.
It's a gift. We'll come up with another one next time.
Wait, Jay Alexander or David Letterman? Ms. J or Mr. D?
Damn.
Damn. You know Ms. J's got a fashionable rig. It's like a cane,
like a fashionable cane that Ms. J lifts up to those lips and then vape juice comes out.
Here's what I'm going to give you guys.
Please.
This is created, it is like not, this is a scientific process, and I have proof.
Because I have leaderboards here, the least likely and most likely to vape,
let me go through the least likely to vape first.
Oh, excellent.
Starting from number six and going backwards.
And we promise we aren't going to talk about vaping this episode as much as we did last episode.
Yeah, but this is a cultural zeitgeist. The Daily Dot said that this is an important website.
Very important.
And very important.
It's been sent to the library of Congress.
So here we go. Number six, Michelle Obama.
Yes.
Definitely not vaping. Yeah, so she's the least likely.
She's the number six least likely to vape.
She's not the most least likely to vape.
I see, I see, I see.
Number five, Vanessa Redgrave.
Yes.
Four, Bruce Lee. Fair.
Number three, Joan Plowright.
Okay.
Number two, Kate Bach.
Coming in at number one, most human being most least likely to vape.
Most, no, okay.
Number one least likely to vape, Dorothy Danridge.
Okay.
Accurate.
Okay, now here's our top six.
Going to number one, heading to number one, most likely to vape.
Justin wouldn't let us look at this beforehand because-
This is proving to me that this is a scientifically accurate process.
Okay.
Number six, Jared Leto.
Yes.
Maybe even should be higher.
Well, I don't know.
Let's see.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
There might be some superstars up on top.
Hang on, hang on.
Number five, Dane Cook.
Yes.
Holy shit.
So good.
Number four, Johnny Depp.
Wow.
Oh my god, these are very good.
Number three, Shia LaBeouf.
Yes.
I'm not sure about that one.
I feel like he's ranking a bit high there.
Yeah, I feel like maybe-
Number two is Macklemore.
And number one, John Leguizamo, of course.
No, number one is Criss Angel.
Oh, holy shit.
Wow.
He probably has literal vape magic tricks.
He probably vapes and there's no vape rig around.
And people are like, how did you do that?
And he's just like, mind freak.
I don't want our vaping listeners, because I know
there's a contingent of them, to feel like we are in any way
marginalizing you.
There is not a stigma attached.
I don't have a word to attach to this stigma,
because I don't necessarily dislike these people.
I'm just like, yeah, that's right.
I don't think we are either pro or against,
so much as we're just like, this is a thing that's going on.
Sorry, boys.
I didn't understand what you're talking about.
I'm very much against these people.
Oh, not those people.
I'm talking about vape.
Say for Shia.
I think it's time for Shia to find his way back.
But I don't know.
I don't want our vaping listeners
to feel like we're picking on them or making fun of them.
That's not accurate.
Where's our ranking?
Because I know we're in the mix.
And then there's a special section
that is brothers most to least likely to vape.
Number three, Justin McElroy.
Number two, Travis McElroy.
Number one brother most likely to vape, Griffin McElroy.
I would think I was least likely to vape.
Here's the thing.
I do talk about cotton and rev.
I know the most terminology.
You do know a lot of terms.
That's just, I'm an admirer of the tumblers.
You're more a fanatic than you are like a brother.
Like if you knew a lot about baseball,
that doesn't mean you're most likely to play baseball.
That's true.
That just means you follow the sport.
So anyway.
Weak low lung capacity.
So not built for the stuff.
So anyway, whichonvapes.com is that website.
It's whichonvapes.com.
Oh, you've got the actual redirect.
I booked it last time.
And now the redirect is working.
So whichonvapes.com.
Shout out to Auburn.
Auburn pulled down the URL, whichonvap.es, which is good shit.
Very good, too.
But now the redirect is working.
Gene Hagan versus Margot Robbie.
Oh, I don't think Margot.
Yeah, I wouldn't think so.
I actually think it's Margot Robbie.
OK, and there's some odd ones in there for some reason.
A Mako Shark is one of the options that people have popped up.
Anyway.
This is our last episode that we're recording all together
before we wrap on the show this Friday with The Candlelight
Show, which I'm excited to see everybody at.
Going to be a big fun crowd.
And then next week, back to remote, back to the distance.
I've grown so used to recording with you guys in the same room,
I don't know how I'll return to the comfort of not
having to stare at your faces.
It's going to be real good.
We'll figure it out.
But anyway, thanks for hanging in with us.
And we love you all very much.
And now it is time to do what we get paid to do.
What brought us here.
It is time to dance with Hoobrunga.
Advice.
Advice brung us.
Advice brung us.
And now we're bringing advice.
Here it comes.
I love my fiance and we've lived together for almost three years.
However, she has one annoying habit.
She always drinks only two thirds of a glass of water
and then just leaves the still partially full cup behind.
I keep asking her to either finish them or take them to the kitchen to be washed.
She insists she may want to finish it later.
Nonsense.
So my question is this.
How do I get her to clean up her mess?
Or should I be concerned about an upcoming invasion of Earth by aliens whose skin is
burned by water?
Death from terribly vexed and Terre Haute.
Yeah, I mean, it's got amoebas in it.
Yeah, it's got amoebas.
That's what the girl in the amoeba says.
There's an important question here, which is,
is there any frequency at which she does actually ever pick up old glasses and drink out of them?
Or does she just constantly say,
I may want to finish it later and never does it?
Yeah, is there any evidence to support this I'll finish it later theory?
I don't know.
Why are you looking at me?
I didn't ask the question.
Answer the fucking question, Justin.
What are you hiding, Justin?
Follow the money.
I don't know.
I mean, I wouldn't think so.
I think if she was cleaning up after herself, this would be quite the odd question.
Also, no one has ever looked at the,
no one has ever been thirsty and looked at a third cup of anything and thought,
mmm, yeah.
Ooh, age to perfection.
You never, like, in an ad for Pepsi,
you never see somebody just pick up a one-third full cup of flat Pepsi and be like,
mmm, the taste of the next generation.
What's the tipping point for water?
Because there's definitely,
I have a glass of water at my bedside every night,
and my bedtime routine is make a pee-pee, brush my teeth first,
and then get a new glass of water,
because I won't drink that old shit.
Here's an old glass of water.
Here's an old glass.
There's literally two within reach.
Yeah.
What's the tipping point?
Like, how many hours old does it,
and what's getting in there to make it taste so weird?
Because it does.
It does taste weird.
You know, Griffin, for me, it's a sliding scale.
I can put my finger on it, but the answer for me is,
if I can't remember when I put it down, it's too old.
Because at that point, who put it down?
Exactly.
Because that's the thing.
I don't know why my fear with old water is always,
did someone else perhaps touch this?
That's why I put ice cubes in my drink,
not because I like the coolness of it,
but because ice cubes are like, hey, this shit's still good to go.
Listen, this is weird to me,
because if I screw up my courage enough to actually drink just plain water,
I get the cup, I fill it with some water,
I drink as much as I'm going to, and I put the cup back right away.
No, I've noticed-
I don't carry water with me.
That's a lie, because I've noticed you have a fun little blue bottle,
and it's like your water friend.
Well, that's a water bottle.
That's different.
Yeah, but like, you just lied to us.
Oh, that's a good solution, though.
Get some sort of like one of those aluminum bottle buddies
for your girlfriend, and be like, okay, great.
This you can seal back up, and then actually drink later.
I know what you're saying.
Yeah, get her a helmet with slots for two cups on it.
Exactly.
And straws that come down from them, and she can just slurp all they love.
And that's fun, too, because you can decorate it
to be like her favorite pro sports team.
Pro wrestler.
Maybe you put some horns on there, like a big mohawk.
That's fun.
That's fun.
And you got to stay hydrated, and you got to stay fun with it.
That's what I always say.
That's what relationships are really about,
forcing your partner to drink in the way that you are most comfortable.
Exactly.
Just shaping them to be more what you think they should be.
What's up with water, though?
Because I'll never leave a third of a cup of Diet Dr. Pepper sitting around.
That's Diet Dr. Pepper.
Somebody's been cleaning up after you for two weeks.
I'm going to go ahead and say that's incorrect.
It's good to go.
That's Diet Dr. Pepper.
I would never leave a soldier behind like that.
Water, I can get you out of the same room that the toilet's in, Water.
That's what you are to me.
If you think about it, it's completely nonsensical.
Don't worry about a glass of water sitting out in the air.
Because that's the same air you're breathing.
It's different, though.
Except in one circumstance, if it's under a ceiling fan,
because everything's coming off that fan.
Yeah, that's it.
Everything's coming off that fan.
Let's establish some danger zones.
Now, Justin just spilled some Monster Energy drink on himself.
Under the ceiling fan, can't drink that water ever again.
There's a lot of bad stuff in there.
Under the air conditioning vent, I don't know who's up there or what they're doing.
Other places, if I enter the bathroom with a cup of water, that's where that lives now.
Because the bathroom air is bad.
Kitchen, I don't know.
Chicken particles could be floating around in there.
Salmonella.
Can't have the water around there.
This might just be very localized to me.
But if I see my cat within 30 feet of it, I can't trust it.
Because my cat will shove her whole face into a glass
to get a little sip of water from my water.
Why does the water taste different, though?
What's getting in there to make it taste so bad?
Fluoride.
The fluoride's in it before it starts.
But then it controls your mind and tells you it tastes bad,
so you drink more, so you get the water pressure's up.
Follow the money.
Is it dust?
Is it just dust particles from...
I'm breathing it all the time.
Here.
I'm not tasting the bad taste in my mouth from the air.
Griffin, perhaps your supposition is incorrect.
It's not what's getting into the water, but rather what is leaving the water.
All the good flavors evaporating out as it sits in the open air.
This is all perspective, though.
Did you ever have friends in school when they showed up and they had a smell?
That was just what their house smelled like.
You knew that you'd left some clothes there
because they would have that person's house smell.
Nobody knows their own house smell.
That's true.
I worry about that all the time.
Go away from your house for two weeks and come back,
and you're like, oh, this is me.
This is my brand.
That's really actually very jarring when you're on vacation for a week
and you come back and you're like, whoa.
Who made grilled cheese?
Oh, wait a minute.
It's always grilled cheese up in here.
That's always my house.
Oh, no.
I'm grilled cheese man.
And everyone else who's ever come into my house knows it.
That's why Candles got invented.
It's just air hacking.
I call Candles air hackers.
Hey, do you have a Yahoo?
Hack the air.
I got this one.
I'm gonna send him by level 9,000.
Yeah, Drew answers user Johnny, who asks,
by the way, we got to talk about that hack.
There's a Yahoo hack, like 500 million accounts exposed.
How's your guys shit going?
Doesn't sound like it's going very good.
Hey, Yahoo answers are definitely gonna be dead like by next week, right?
You're gonna have to sell it to pay for all the accounts.
All the hacks.
All the hacking.
Okay, great.
Hey, their information got 500 million people hacked, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Half a bill, no big deal.
Half a bill, no big deal.
Who has got Yahoo account?
Like, what are you keeping on there?
What are the secrets?
All right, Griff, I'm ready.
Hit me with Yahoo.
All right, this one is asked by Yahoo answers user Johnny, who asks,
are roller coaster good for you?
Update, like for your body.
Are roller coaster good for you?
Are roller coaster good for you?
Let's talk about the health benefits of a coaster.
Good for, here's what I say, massages, very good for you.
Moving the toxins around, I guess.
Yeah.
Squeezing the nodules and getting the bad stuff out
and moving the bad stuff to the good nodules.
And then releasing the knots and the tension and the aura.
I think a good coaster, flipsy spins all around.
And when you get out of the end of it, your muscles are all confused
and just loose and wild.
I think it's like a reverse massage.
It's like putting tension into the body.
It's not rubbing you in the specific way you need to be rubbed.
Let me posit a circumstance in which it can be very good for your body.
Okay.
A kidney stone.
Just breaks it all up.
Well, you got lodged in there, you can't get it out.
You can't get the kidney stone out.
Maybe it's lodged in there, shaped like an arrowhead
and it's buried in like the wall of your kidney.
Jesus, come on.
I'm sorry, Griffin.
So you're positing that like,
oh, I have a really big kidney stone.
What am I gonna do today?
I think I'm gonna hit up Great Adventure.
Just get out there.
Yeah.
Is Great Adventure a park?
It's a park, isn't it?
I have no fucking idea.
Let me try one that I know.
I'm gonna go to King's Island.
Yeah.
Yeah, I feel like we talk about King's Island a lot.
King's Island's really great.
I think roller coaster good for me because,
and this is just like,
I don't know if you guys know this about me,
it's just like a fun weird,
like a very random, just like funny thing.
It's the only way I can get a boner.
Oh no, what?
Yeah.
So I'll hop on like the Harry Potter experience.
I haven't actually been there,
but I'm sure I would go hog hyphen wild on it.
But yeah, I'll just go on a roller coaster
and get a bone bone and then, you know.
Is that good for you?
It'll last me a little, you know, long enough.
And then it's, I guess,
I mean, the closest amusement park to me
is Six Flags Fiesta, Texas,
which is about an hour and a half drive.
So it takes some work.
Is it really called Six Flags Fiesta, Texas?
And I don't think it's in a town called Fiesta.
I think it's just like letting you know,
hey, it's time to party, specifically Griffin.
So I have an annual pass.
They basically just let me come and go.
I'm good friends with Barry who runs the rides there.
All the rides, huh?
Well, just the one closest to the entrance
because I'll just like run in there, just dart in there.
Be like, yo, Barry.
He's like, yo, trying to get wood?
And I'm like, yeah.
And so I'll hop on it.
So Barry knows.
Yeah, Barry knows, Barry knows, Barry knows.
And then we'll go and then there's a, yeah.
I don't think roller coasters are good for your body.
Well, I disagree because it's the, again,
it's the only way I get more.
Yeah, okay, you've got an affliction.
I'm saying like by and large,
I think there's like,
I think you're kind of getting beat up in there.
I don't know that I've ever gotten off a roller coaster
and thought, ah, better.
That's the stuff.
Is adrenaline good for your body though?
Fuck yeah, dude.
Fight or flight getting triggered?
That's good because you go in there and you,
like you go into,
sometimes you just got to fight a roller coaster.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's a very aggressive, very just sexual experience.
It's just being on a roller,
just being on a good coaster.
Is it the loops that give you the wood Griffin?
The what now?
I don't want to, I don't want to circle back,
but is it the loops that give you the wood?
I think it's just a blood flow thing.
It's getting on one with a good corkscrew
and then the centrifugal force
just puts my blood exactly where I need it.
The tip of your penis.
Well.
It's a little lewd Travis.
It's a little lewd to talk about that.
Are roller coasters good for your body though?
Do you think?
Probably.
Holistically speaking, I think they're like a net loss.
I think you get bruised.
I think you get shaken all around.
Sometimes your head goes,
between the two head rest.
This is true.
Could you make a roller coaster that is good for your body?
Okay.
I'm saying that maybe like,
that's what you go into,
design like,
hey everybody,
this roller coaster is going to feel like a nap.
At the bottom,
what about this?
At the bottom of the dip.
Going up, going up,
going up, going up.
I'm going down.
I'm screaming.
My mouth is open.
What's at the bottom?
Salad.
You're just going through, you're fine.
You're just like shoving it in there.
And then halfway through the ride,
it just stops for 45 minutes and like a pillow comes out
and you can just take like,
just a quick 45 minute nap
because that's always good for everybody.
45 minute nap is a fucking nightmare
and I wish you would know.
21 minute nap?
26 minute nap is like where you want to be.
Well, agree to disagree, I prefer 21 minutes.
So Emma Martina Luigia Marano,
born 29 November 1899, is the oldest living person.
And by the way, internet,
it took me a way too long to figure this out.
We should just, if I type oldest,
then there should be a website called oldest living person
that just tracks that shit.
Maybe that's the next project
from the people who brought you which one vapes.
Anyway, Emma, huge coaster head.
So there's something, there's something there.
What's the quote?
Is there, you said there was a quote in there
about like how much Emma loves coasters.
Yeah, it says, boy howdy,
I just love getting spun around
and getting wood on these coasties.
Wait a minute.
And it says I can't do them anymore though
because I would turn to dust if I went on a roller.
If this woman went on Son of Beast at Kings Island,
she would just be reduced to ash.
Doesn't, it doesn't, it's been closed for a half decade.
She would, it would be quite a feat
if she went on the non-existent roller coaster.
But anyway, huge coaster head, Emma Marano.
No big deal, just like 116 years old.
That's pretty good.
116 years young.
No, old.
No, she's very old actually.
Looking really good though.
The top result is also Emma Martina Luigi Marano diet.
If you type in Emma, then like it fills to that
because you know some people are like,
I wanna be 116.
Secret, I'm guessing, lots of pasta,
lots of coasties, lots of wood.
Okay, that's one option.
That's one option is just you gotta move the blood around
and you gotta fill that tummy with pasta.
Gotta get that wood.
The last few days, someone has left a bike
parked on my sidewalk near my house.
Kickstand down, no lock.
Just standing there and not even in front of any residents.
It's not in bad shape.
It only needs a new front tire to be rideable.
I was sitting there for three days straight
with no movement. It was sitting there.
You weren't sitting there watching it, just not moving,
afraid the bike would run away if you made sudden movements.
It was sitting there for about three days straight
with no movement or anyone coming to get it.
So I said, fuck it and took it, am I good?
That was from Cycle Salvage in the American South.
It's from bike thief in Birmingham.
Thief, a bike taker.
This person's a bike thief, right?
Yeah, you took the bike.
I'm sorry, you're back.
Like, how long would a car need to sit on the street
before you're like, no one's coming back for this car, yeah.
That hooptie's got a busted spoiler.
I'm just gonna take it.
What?
It sat in front of my house for three days
and no one moved the car, so I guess it's a free car.
You know, I tried the handle and it was unlocked,
so I grand thefted the auto.
You can't just take a thing
because someone left it stationary.
This thing is old and bad, so it's mine now.
It wasn't a fucking cat that you found outside
that was hungry, it was a person's bicycle
that maybe they need to reinflate the front tire,
but that's no excuse.
You're on some wisdom of Solomon shit,
like the bike goes to the person who loves it the most.
And maybe you're about to like try to deny this,
but let me ask you this,
and be brutally honest with both me and yourself.
What kind of due diligence did you do?
Did you put signs up that were like,
hey, if you come looking for this bike,
I've got it, it's safe, you can have it,
or were you just like, this is mine,
no one will ever know this is mine?
Like how much work did you do to make sure
the rightful owner would not think,
I know, crazy, it was just stolen?
It's just, you just stole it.
You just kind of stole a bike a little bit.
It's not the worst stealing of a bike that ever was.
No, it's not like you chopped the lock
and took a little kid's huffy, but it's not great.
God, I would love to have been there
when you finally broke and just did the damn dirty thing.
Can you imagine where you have to be at,
just like, okay, fuck it, I'm just gonna do it.
Just like you had to stick your courage
to the sticking place and just like walk
down your driveway and just like grab it.
Like, am I really doing this?
Am I really, I bet it was so exciting.
I bet you were thrilled.
Like, am I really stealing this bike?
Oh my God, I'm stealing this bike.
I'm doing this.
I bet they did it slow at first,
like they probably eased up and acted like
they weren't taking it.
They were just like dusting off.
And yelled, and yelled like, I'm taking this bike now.
I hope nobody stops me.
You're lucky as shit that you weren't bait by, oh yeah.
John Keenanus was across the street in a car.
Detective John Keenanus.
It was an episode of What Would You Do?
And you just lost the morality test.
I will say it is impressive that no one
just stole it.
Yeah.
I mean, someone did.
Someone did.
Steal it.
That person was the you.
I would love a followup where John Keenanus
does join a police force and becomes Detective John Keenanus
in a sequel show called What Did You Do?
And he just busts people for crime.
He's like, I've got a special TV segment.
You stole the bicycle and we've been filming it
for three days.
Oh, well, yeah, I guess you got me.
I guess I learned my lesson.
You sure did.
You have the right to fucking remain silent.
I'm Detective John Keenanus.
No second chances.
That's the third.
That's the kind of man I am.
That's the kind of man I am.
No more you took the bike fever.
You stole it.
You did.
You did steal it.
Okay, break it down into its base components.
There was a thing that was not yours.
Yes.
And you made it yours.
By way of your taking of it.
Without paying for it or even asking
for permission of a thing.
Yes.
That's stealing.
That's, and I don't-
I've just described stealing.
I mean, let's be honest.
That bike was probably stolen from someone else, right?
Every bike has been stolen.
I'm gonna go back to Austin and open up my garage
and both of my bikes are gone.
So like all bikes are stolen.
Yeah.
Basically.
I think someone stole this and then like,
maybe they lost their nerve or saw a cop or something.
Yeah, maybe it's cursed.
It could be a curse.
It could be one of those Jumanji bikes.
Could be a Jumanji bike.
And now you're what, riding it around?
Okay, listen, question asker, here's my question for you.
You take your hot bike,
you're riding your hot bike around the neighborhood
and somebody goes, hey, I think that's my bike.
How do you respond?
Because that's going to color like the rest of my,
if you're like, oh, it was sitting in front of my house.
And you question asker,
the fact that your mind is racing right now
to think about ways to prevent this,
that the proof is in the pudding right there.
I mean, you stole the bike.
I'm worried that now,
after the thrill of stealing a bike has happened,
that you're now going to crave that high again.
And like, I don't know that,
I don't know that any bike is safe around you now, you know?
And then pretty soon it'll be a velocipede, you know?
There's only one circumstance
in which you find a bike in the wild
and you can make it yours.
And I think it's if you fish it out of the river.
Yeah. If you go fishing,
and this is why most people fish,
like it's not to fish, it's fucking boring.
They're all hoping to get a bike.
Well, because that's not stealing,
that's rescuing a bike.
You saved a bike at that point.
And it's good for the environment.
Yeah.
I want to suggest sort of middle ground
and see how it grabs you guys.
Okay.
What if you take the bike and ride it as your own,
but every night when you're done with the bike,
you return it to the sidewalk
and leave it standing there just where you found it.
For somebody that steal a bike,
don't have a bike, steal a bike,
have a bike, give it to be stole the bike.
No, I'm saying you like,
don't try to break this wild bike.
Don't try to like make it yours.
I'm saying like, leave it as a wild bike
that when you need a bike, it's there for you.
It's a community bike, but you ride it,
but you don't try to take possession of it.
You just use it when you need it.
And if it's no longer there at some point, oh well.
That bike's moved on to its next purpose.
Because what are you doing by taking it?
Here's what you're really,
like let's put a pin in it.
When you take it, what you're saying is,
I hope no one else steals, this is for I do.
Yeah.
That's all you're doing is like,
I'm gonna pre-steal this so no one steals it
from the imagined possession that I've graded around it.
The only thing you can do now
is go throw it in the river
for some lucky fishermen to find.
And maybe leave a note on it that's just like,
this bike is not cursed or like, which bike?
And write on the note, serendipity.
Because I saw the movie a long time ago.
Well, you duct taped a DVD of serendipity to the bike.
Do they, if they throw the bike in
and then catch it themselves, is that then,
is it like baptism?
Is it then like, but they can't do it in the same,
it has to come back around to them.
They can't do it in the same event.
Through all the worlds.
Yeah. Okay.
Because also, the experiences that bike has had
will make it a fuller, richer bike.
You know what I mean?
If that bike is truly lived, you know?
Guys, I miss my bike.
I can't wait to get home and put some laps on it.
I miss my bike.
I can't wait to get home and tune her up.
Yeah, assuming it's still there.
Oh, it won't be, but if it is,
I'm gonna grease the chains and pump those wheels
and just tune her up.
Have you ever had a bike stolen from you?
Yeah, I had one stolen when I was a kid.
I had one stolen.
Grivance?
No, I'm due.
I'm due for it.
Mine was on the porch of the Fine Arts Building in Oklahoma
and my lock was broken on my U-bolt lock thing.
So I just kind of draped it around so it looked locked.
I was inside the building for about 20, 30 minutes
and came back out and it was gone.
And there was shrubbery and foliage all around the porch.
So someone had to walk up and check and test every bike
to steal my $80 Walmart bike.
No, I've never had a bike stolen,
but when I flew here for the TV show,
I left my bike and the front tire's a little beat up,
but I left it outside of somebody's house
and I just put the kickstand down.
I didn't lock it because Austin's a pretty friendly place.
So I left it there and I'm sure it'll be,
I'm sure it's not a big deal.
Someone's negligence is not an excuse
to steal things from them.
Yes, that's right.
They accidentally left their bike there.
Maybe they needed to run in some place real quick
and it took them longer than they thought it would.
Three days.
Yeah.
Three days longer than they thought it would.
They had to just run into that puzzle dungeon real quick.
Yeah.
Should we go to the money tone?
Yeah, let's go.
Wee!
I'm gonna need money to buy a new bike
because mine's in hell.
So our first sponsor this week is Blue Apron.
If you have been looking to maybe expand
your cooking prowess, but you don't know where to start,
it can be pretty intimidating,
but Blue Apron makes it really easy.
They're gonna deliver you a box
with all the food you need, fresh summer vegetables,
fresh, you know, great produce, great meats,
and step-by-step instructions with pictures
that'll let you create delicious home-cooked meals
with perfectly pre-proportioned, pre-proportioned?
I have a lot of trouble with that one every time.
Pre-proportioned ingredients?
Hey, Blue Apron, you make an incredible product
and your liner notes here that we're supposed to read
are pretty good, but I think we need to just come up
with a different word, because we just goof that one hard
each time.
And this is for less than $10 a meal, which is pretty great.
They've got variety, new recipes are created weekly
and are not repeated within a year.
You can customize what you want based on your preferences.
If you have, you know, dietary things
that you're trying to stick to,
Blue Apron can accommodate that.
And it's easy and fun.
Some meals that are coming down the pike in September,
paprika, spiced shrimp, and cheddar grits
with tomato and sweet corn, delicious.
Spicy hoisin, there's your ASMR, everyone.
Spicy hoisin.
Or they just threw up.
Chicken.
That's the mouth sound Griffin made was not.
That's how I, this is how, this is how I,
so I have different ways of eating each kind of food.
So the way that I did shrimp and grits was.
So keep, read the next one and I'll tell you how you got.
Spicy hoisin chicken stir fry with baby bok choy
and sesame ginger cucumber salad.
I love.
So that one, I do big bites, big animated bites on that one.
That sounds like a Sesame Street character
eating a transition into the next scene, like a monster.
What's the next one?
I'm not doing any more.
Eggplant and chickpea, chickpea tag to gene.
Fuck, we gotta learn how to say this word, fellas.
Anyway, that one's like.
And I do like a bunch of really quick little bites.
Right.
Check out this week's menu
and get your first three meals for free with free shipping
by going to blueapron.com slash my brother.
You'll love how good it feels and tastes
to create incredible home cooked meals with Blue Apron.
So don't wait.
Blueapron.com slash my brother.
What is that?
Kind of like bad corn.
Little bites, just little bites.
Little bites.
Can I tell you about Squarespace?
Wait.
I would like to tell you about Squarespace, please,
for once, can I just?
We never let Travis tell us about Squarespace.
Can I just, please?
But if it makes you feel any better,
it's because we think you're gonna do a really bad job.
I'm not, I'm gonna do a good job.
So, you know, websites, where do you get them, right?
Like, it seems like everyone's got one
and they're like, maybe it's a website all about like,
I don't know, who vapes,
or like the invasion of Normandy or something.
I think you have to go to the store
or maybe there's like a government place
that you have to go to and ask them for a website
and then they do one.
You know what, I used to think that.
Yeah.
But no, you just go to squarespace.com.
They've already got a bunch of websites
that they'll just give you.
I don't think it works that way.
So they bought all the websites and then you go there
and they're like, that'll be $5 for a website.
And I say, okay.
An old man leads you down a dusty corridor
and he asks you some questions
about the kind of person you are.
And then he just reaches up and selects a website.
He grabs.
This one will do nicely.
Grabs an old Mason jar full of websites
and he unscrews the lid
and upends the websites out onto the table
and you get to pick the one you want.
He said, well, no, it couldn't be.
I've had this one here for years.
Certainly not.
Only one dark wizard has claimed this website before.
It doesn't work like this at all,
but it is very easy.
Travis, our prediction of you doing a bad job
like Swing Squarespace has been prescient.
Voldemort also has a website that uses Ruby.
I thought I was actually doing a pretty good job
till you got started on this old man tangent.
Well, no, this is the important thing about commercials
is to not let the other two brothers assail.
Yeah.
Stand your ground.
Let me run through it.
So Squarespace will teach you
and show you everything you need to know
to build a pretty amazing website.
I mean, macroshows.com on Squarespace.
It took me about 30 minutes.
How much did you have to pay the old man
at the store for macroshows?
I don't remember, but it was very reasonable.
It was a very low amount.
Does he deal in trades?
No, but with every website,
you do get one Werther's original,
still warm from his pocket.
Travis, you are letting us walk all over you.
Let me tell you about the features.
It's easy.
You get a free custom domain.
They got beautiful templates, seamless commerce tools.
So if you want to make money off your website,
you can do that.
Now, how did you fold the commerce tools into McElroy Shows?
Every time you click a link on macroshows.com,
you get charged $5.
What does the website man get?
The website man gets 4.99 of it.
That's a lot for the-
I get one penny, but I'm literally doing no work.
The website man doesn't,
he dresses very poorly.
And you would think,
with all the money he's making from the website residuals-
He's very invested.
He has a very diverse portfolio.
You are a fucking doormat right now.
Okay, let me try again.
They've got customer support out the wazoo 24-7.
You can talk to a human being who's going to help you out.
An old human being.
Just the same, just the old man.
Just an old man.
And you can-
He's very busy.
You can start today.
Get your free trial, free, free trial today
at squarespace.com slash my brother
to get 10% off your first purchase.
Go check it out.
Go do it.
Start your own website.
Maybe have your own new cultural phenomenon,
like which one vapes.
I have a personal message here.
I wish I could be at the Squarespace offices
when he's like,
Valerie, get in here.
We found it.
The McElroy brothers found it.
The perfect advertisement for our website service.
You know that openly hostile sound you've been looking for?
Listen to this.
Got a personal message here.
Jumbotron message for Anthony,
soon to be Le Mou, Le Mou.
Le Mou?
And it's from Allison, soon to be Le Mou.
Ha.
Who says, I love you more than Griffin loves horses.
False.
Travis loves dogs.
Impossible.
And Justin loves not having to say big words in Jumbotrons.
Correct.
I can't wait to marry you on Saturday
and spend the rest of our lives
listening to the brothers together.
I love you so much, Burbles.
You can hit me up on my mobile anytime.
Oh, this wedding's actually happening this week.
We crushed it.
We stuck the landing on the date, folks.
October 1st is when Anthony and Allison are getting married.
Congratulations, you two are very excited.
Hope everything goes well.
I'm sure it will.
And enjoy your new life together.
I got a message for I-Tay, that's Allison Taylor,
from Beelife, which is Blythe.
Who is Blythe?
Hey, happy birthday to you, I-Tay.
Thank you for introducing me
to the magical world of Bim Bam,
biking and all things majestic.
Cheers to all the bike riders and Mario, no, sorry.
Hey, bike riders, thanks for listening to my message.
Hey, hey, got a second bike riders.
This one goes out to all the biker people out there.
This goes to all the bike thieves out there.
Take another run at this,
read the rest of the fucking message.
Thank you for introducing me
to the magical world of Bim Bam,
biking and all things majestic.
Cheers to all the bike rides and Mario Kart times
that are ahead.
Also, happy birthday for like four years, girl.
This one's for June.
Didn't quite.
So I wanged it just a little bit.
Didn't quite get there.
I feel like that you introduced,
if I can double check this again,
you were introduced by your friend
to my brother, my brother, me,
and the concept of biking.
Yeah, it's tight, dude.
You know cars?
Imagine half of that.
Hey, look what I stole for you.
Look what I stole for you.
It's like a car, but half of that and the engine is you.
I would love to be in Blythe's childhood home
when she sees kids outside moving quickly past the window
on some kind of wonderful metal monster.
If you're on a bike, you're the engine
and all the food you ate that day is the fuel.
Think about it.
So you could go to Taco Bell and be like,
I'm at the gas station for the me engine.
If you think about it.
Give me some bike fuel and a tostada.
Can I get a bike?
Can I get a Crunchwrap bike fuel?
I'm Barbara Gray.
I'm Brandi Posey.
And I'm Tess Barker.
We're Lady2Lady.
Do you want a sleepover in your ears?
Is that a friend in your pocket
or are you just podcast to see me?
We're a portable hangout.
You can bring to the gym on the subway or on an oil rig.
Seriously, we have listeners who do that.
Chill with us while we get high with Margaret Cho.
Talk showgirls with Katya from Drag Race.
And hear Broadway star Anthony Rapp sing Hamilton.
I am not throwing away my shot.
I am not throwing away my shot.
Hey yo, I'm just like my country.
I'm young, scrappy, and hungry
and I'm not throwing away my shot.
That's Lady2Lady.
Can you keep a secret?
Neither can we.
You guys want a Yahoo?
You know what Griffin, I would.
How about this one sent in by
level 9000 Yahoo Juju Juju Juju Juju.
It's from Yahoo Answers user 420.
Nice.
Who asks?
That's not one that got removed.
No. Amazing.
And it's in pets horses asks,
have you met or seen any celebrities
through the horse world?
Which is of course,
if you look at a mirror during the dark hour,
You can see into the horse world.
You can peer through the Equestriaverse.
You can peer into the Equestriaverse
and its secrets will be revealed.
I'm just wondering if anyone else has,
I've seen Patrick Swayze, so this one's from a minute ago.
I've seen Patrick Swayze at the, unless, oh my God.
Swayze's in the Equestriaverse.
Is that where he went?
We've gotta get him out of there.
Gotta get him out, DD2's gotta happen.
Actually, you know what?
DD2 did happen, by the way.
Wait, wait, DD2. It's called Havana Nights.
Yeah, DD3.
Yep. Yeah.
Quack, quack, quack, quack, quack.
I've seen Swayze at the Kentucky Horse Park before
and in WEF, that's the Winter Equestrian Festival,
in Florida, Seinfeld was there because his daughter rides
and I talked to him.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Here's what I said.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Mary Kate Olsen tried my friend's horse the other week.
Let me, let me try your horse.
It is mine now.
So we get to talk to her
and I shook Steven Spielberg's hand.
His daughter was in my junior hunter class.
That's for hunting horses.
The horse world.
Wait, wait, wait.
Like you see him out in the wild like,
shh, shh, shh, I got a shot.
No, you don't kill the horses.
You ride the horses into the hunt.
It's just you and the horse killing
much smaller defenseless animals.
I just think it's cool that celebs compete
in the same sport I do and when they're in the horse world,
they're still viewed as celebrities,
but people generally leave them alone
like they're normal people showing.
No paparazzi or anything scattering.
Ah, a blessy.
Oh, thank you.
No paparazzi or anything annoying scattering to them
or to talk or greet them.
It's just interesting.
Do you have any celeb stories that relate to horses?
Cher!
I love to hear them.
Oh, Cher?
Yeah, she loves riding horses.
Cher me those.
Cher, Cher, nice horse!
Hey, Cher!
This person, through being a part of the horse world,
has met Seinfeld Spielberg.
Yes.
Married Kate.
Uh-huh.
Suaz.
Suaz, Suaze, and like everybody's just totally chill.
Yeah, everybody's totally chill with that.
I'm saying that the horse world is fucking star-studded.
Do you know who loves horses?
Who?
I'll give you two people who love horses.
Please tell me now.
Martha Stewart.
Okay.
Crazy about them.
Channing Tatum.
Yes, very much so.
Crazy for horses.
That makes perfect sense.
Goes crazy for them.
He's got his own.
He's gone riding with Martha Stewart.
I know this from Baby Geniuses.
They do a whole segment called Band Challenge
about Martha Stewart's pony, Band Challenge.
Hunter Jumper says,
I've never met anyone at a horse show, frown face, but.
Never, and I mean, I've never met anyone at a horse show.
But Bill Gates used to work with my dad
and would come speak at his meetings.
Same with Steve Jobs.
My friend was in the Justin Bieber movie
and a close family friend has worked with Channing Tatum.
My family also goes to the TED conferences every year.
We meet a lot of people there.
Hold on!
Hold the fucking phone!
That's not what we asked!
It's not, have you ever met anyone, period.
That's a really acceptable diversion.
Justin, have you ever met anybody at the horse thing?
Well, no, but I saw Dave Chappelle
on the street in New York once.
So that was cool.
So that was cool.
Also, my dad is Steve Jobs, so fuck you.
My dad hangs out with Bill Gates and Steve Jobs, or did.
Did, yeah.
We've just lost a lot of people since September 4th, 2009.
Have you guys ever met anyone through the horse world?
Have I met anyone through the horse world?
So one time during the dark hour,
I did look into the mirror during,
it was a thunderstorm outside,
and I looked into the mirror
and Wanda Sykes was on the other side.
Wow!
Yeah, Wanda Sykes was looking.
She was also, during the dark hour,
was looking into the mirror through the Equestriaverse.
And it was hard to see her through all the billowing mains
and just sort of like dust clouds being kicked up
while these Mustangs just sort of ran through.
But yeah, we definitely saw, and I waved and she waved.
She looked a little bit uncomfortable, but it was nice.
Did she have a prophetic message for you?
Because I've heard if you look in the mirror
in the dark hour and you see Wanda Sykes
in the horse world, she'll tell you something
that you wish you didn't know about your future.
I mean, any communication was sort of,
language gets destroyed in the horse world.
So it's really, it's tough.
It was just Wanda Sykes screaming.
It was Wanda Sykes, and she was screaming something.
And I was trying to read her lips,
but there were so many horses.
That's the worst part, she was screaming a date.
Just over and over.
And she actually reached out
and she wrote something on a notepad.
And as soon as she held it up, her mirror shattered
and she was actually lost to the horse world.
Oh, I hate to see that.
You hate that when that happens.
I've never met anybody specifically
through the horse world, but when I was in Scotland,
Theresa and I did go on a horseback ride through the Glen
and I rode a horse.
And I-
What was the horse's name?
I can't remember the horse's name,
but I swear it was, it was in,
I don't know if it was like a spiritual thing
or just like a spiritual successor thing.
Oh, it was a spiritual thing, definitely.
Because the horse was Napoleon Bonaparte.
I can tell- Oh, shit.
I can tell by the way the horse shit.
Like, it shit, it was very, like, defiant and powerful.
Napoleon, small man, huge craps.
And he would do it right in the middle of the ground,
staring at, like, staring into the eyes
of his, like, officers to, like, show dominance.
And he would only do it once a week
because he wanted to get a really good one.
And he'd be like,
Zutolo, it's time for the mega craps!
And it would actually, like,
kind of lift him off the ground a little bit.
Yeah, it was like a fun cartoon dookie.
And that's exactly what this horse did.
And I was like, oh my God.
Do you think, you know, like,
you see those sedans that have, like,
four people carrying it?
Like, don't you think that, as it's this way,
dominance, those should all have holes
in the bottom to shit out of them?
Yeah.
Because, like, what could be more, like,
there's one thing cooler than being carried by four people
and it's like, I'm actually gonna take a dump right now.
Sorry.
Please try to keep it steady.
How about another question?
I wanna get in the horse world.
Do you have to pay your way in?
I mean, yes.
Do you have to own a horse?
Yeah.
That probably helps.
They probably don't want any looky-loos
that are just like, I don't have a horse,
but I'm super into them.
Yeah.
You're just a poseur.
You're a casual.
Hit me with a cue, y'all.
Here it comes.
I was eating the cookie after lunch,
before going to the, I want a munch!
Squad!
Squad!
No, you fucked it up.
I got it.
That was a good time that you did it very well.
Thank you.
I want a munch!
Squad!
Am I supposed to sing it?
I want a munch!
Squad!
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.
The hut's back.
I don't know, has the hut been up in the squad before?
The hut is sticking cheese and hot dogs
and fucking everything,
so yeah, I'm assuming they've been in the mix.
Here's the literal title of this press release.
Give it to me.
This is not a drill.
Jesus God, no, it's happening for real!
Pizza Hut unleashes latest cheesy goodness
in all new grilled cheese stuffed crust pizza.
What the fuck did I tell you?
Pizza Hut embarrassing us with cheese.
Okay, here's the beginning of the press release.
We like to refer to press releases here on the Munch Squad
because who better to talk about this stuff
than the experts?
Justin, wait, before you jump into it really quick,
and this is important,
this is like a drill, right?
This is like a-
No, this is not a drill.
This is like a practice run.
Grilled cheese, good.
Original stuffed crust pizza, good.
Grilled cheese stuffed crust pizza, real good.
Nice, that's good copy right there.
It features extra gooey cheddar
and mozzarella cheese stuffed and baked onto the crust.
Finish off the grilled cheese crust.
It's topped with toasted breadcrumbs and melted butter.
Excellent.
Because that's been the problem with crusts
to this point. More bread.
It's just bread and butter.
I just love the Hut's genuine cheese,
like they're- It's all hand rolled.
They use the sauce and the corks.
My question is this, cheddar.
Is there anything in there, Justin,
that stipulates what separates this
from a cheese stuffed crust pizza?
I just fucking outline for you
that includes hand rolled artisanal mozzarella.
Is that the mozzarella?
And toasted breadcrumbs and melted butter.
Probably.
The butter is probably what separates it from the herd.
These motherfuckers put breadcrumbs up on the bread.
Yeah, that's what I'm trying to throw in here.
That's unacceptable, guys.
It's impossible.
Where did they get the crumbs from?
They must have destroyed other bread.
They must have taken whole bread
to ruin it for other bread.
Every pizza takes two pizzas to pizza
and that's just, I'm an eco conservationist
and that just sets me off.
Here's a quote, perhaps the most unnecessary
explanatory quote in American rhetoric.
It's from David Tim, chief marketing officer of Pizza Hut,
so you know he can be trusted.
The grilled cheese stuffed crust pizza
is the perfect combination of a classic grilled cheese
and traditional pizza.
Thanks, David.
Thank you.
I did wonder where you were going with this bad boy.
You know what would be a way bolder statement?
It's an imperfect comment.
This hybrid should not and could not exist.
Here's the truth.
We've been working on this for two years
and we just got to a point where it's like,
we can't put any more R&D into this.
We just have to release it in the wild.
The result is a delicious, flavorful, and indulgent pizza
that packs the punch of a gooey, cheesy, crunchy
grilled cheese.
Luxuriate.
How much selling does it take to get the concept
of the crust is like grilled cheese?
I know what you're doing.
And then it says, the result of eating this pizza
will either be dumped forever or never dumped again
or it's like unclear.
Or like both, but alternating
and you never know which one is going to be.
Indulgent is maybe the best adjective
because it's literally one shade below
like gluttonous fuck pile.
This is a real hedonistic pizza.
Enjoy.
Feed your corpulence.
Bathe in olive oil and red wine as you enjoy it.
Add this to your self-slime trash bag.
Yeah, the perfect appetizer for a night at the vomitorium.
Then have your servant come in
and tickle your throat with her feathers
so that thou must enjoy more pizza.
Rub this on your face.
You would think the press release would end there.
But someone wrote all that stuff
and was like, I still don't know if they get it.
They say, this is how they justify cheese
is rapidly becoming one of America's favorite foods.
Dot cheese? Dot chase?
It's 2016.
Cheese has been a predominant part of cuisine forever.
It continues.
Related, pizza is often ranked
as the most popular food in America.
Get out.
Pizza Hut puts that in every one of their press releases.
Pizza, still very good.
Still very, very good and popular.
We did millions of dollars of research
to determine that people seem to like cheese and pizza.
And I'm reading here down on the press release, it says,
fuck hamburgers, that's crazy.
Then it continues to round out the equation.
Grilled cheese has been pegged
as one of the most comforting foods ever imagined.
Now all these favorites, and there are quotes on that,
favorites can be enjoyed as one.
This is like the person that tells you a joke
and it's like, no, the horse has a long face.
So why the long face is because the horse has a long face.
I'm gonna read the last paragraph here, okay?
Because the fact that this is a paragraph
as part of a press release going out to the press
does just delight me.
Is there a newspaper, by the way, of record
that is like great quotes,
definitely gonna toss these in our story, cheese.
It's very important right now.
Pizza on the rise.
People like pizza and cheese and they like grilled cheese.
It's not the presses.
Steven with his front page.
The grilled cheese stuffed crust pizza
can be topped with any one of the following
fresh Pizza Hut ingredients.
Fresh mushrooms, fresh spinach, fresh red onions,
fresh green bell peppers, sliced banana peppers,
sweet pineapples, sliced jalapeno peppers,
Mediterranean black olives, Peruvian cherry peppers,
and diced roma tomatoes, as well as pepperoni,
Italian sausage, premium salami, classic meatballs,
slow Russian ham, hardwood smoked bacon,
grilled chicken, beef, and seasoned pork.
Pizza lovers can customize their pizza
with a choice of five sauces,
including classic marinara, premium crushed tomato,
creamy garlic Parmesan.
This is now a menu.
Hey, your press release is now a menu.
They can also top their pizza
with a choice of sauce drizzles.
This is just your menu, idiot.
It's your menu, dummy, idiot, dumb asshole.
You just put this in your press release.
It's just your fucking menu.
Are you fucking Charles Dickens working on a word count
so you get paid by the law?
The things you can put on the pizza is all the things
because there's no pizza law.
These are the prices.
These are the prices and the different sizes
and here's every phone number to every Pizza Hut.
So please. You call, you'll talk to Bill.
He'll walk you through the process from that point.
Hey guys, this is a great press release.
I was just wondering, my name is Dr. Salad
and I was wondering if there's anything for me
at your establishment.
Mr. Domino's has been able to help me out lately
so I'm not such a heel with my local parties.
Go fuck yourself.
Cheese is so popular right now.
Unless we can put grilled cheese into a salad somehow.
That's crazy. That's ludicrous.
Also, can I just make one quick note?
They try to sell you a line
about how they'll make your crust a pretzel.
Griffin and I specifically requested-
Oh, what the fuck?
I didn't even think about that.
It's all I've thought about for three days.
Griffin and I specifically requested a pretzel.
After a long shoot, a long day of shooting
and doing, oh, we had to eat late night pizza
and we specifically asked for a pretzel crust
and did we get it?
We did not.
We did not.
But could you get, wait,
could you get a grilled cheese crust that's pretzel?
Yeah, we can get whatever the fuck we want.
There's no pizza law.
There's nothing left.
No, I actually don't think that that would work.
I don't think you could.
Anyway, let me actually read the question.
I was eating a cookie after lunch
before going to the computer lab.
When I got there, I realized there was a crumb
from the cookie stuck in a fold in my shirt.
Without thinking, I popped it straight into my mouth.
Several people in the lab stared at me in shock,
even though I explained it was just a cookie crumb.
No, no, no, no.
You don't understand.
It was a crumb from a cookie.
I was enjoying a delectable Otis punk wire
and I just couldn't let a single morsel
of that bad boy get away.
Oh, there's some under my nails.
Oh, you're scandalized,
because perhaps I should have shared.
Sorry, all the Otis spunkmire for me, unfortunately.
What do you want to call your cookie company?
Well, I have a pretty appetizing name.
What is it?
It's Otis spunkmire.
I can't put it on things.
Finish the question.
Okay, should I just brush it off
or was I okay not letting it go to waste?
That's from Insatiable Appetite in Athens, Georgia.
You were absolutely not okay.
That is unacceptable.
What is it?
Oh, it's acceptable.
Well, the problem is they did not clarify
the size of said crumb.
If you have a cookie crumb on your shirt
that's a passenger on you, that's embarrassing.
Eating it isn't, that is whatever.
Why do you fucking care?
I don't know the level of CSI bullshit
you would need to go through to confirm 100%
that it was definitely a delectable
Otis spunkmire cookie crumb.
Especially when you work,
let me change the question again, in a lab.
Yeah, you work in a lab.
In a computer lab.
It's not like you don't fucking science.
They're not like dicing.
I missed the word computer.
They're like, oh man,
we've almost finished splicing the genome.
Oh no, I made the one that gives me wasp wings.
But this is wee, that's how science works.
That's how science works.
Okay, other options though,
like people were acting pretty upset,
but what would they have thought
if you picked a cookie, come off your shirt
and just like flicked it at them?
Like that would be bad.
I think they probably would have thought
you were a real like bad boy.
What were you supposed to do?
Go get a napkin and throw away?
Like what is this?
No, hold it out in front of you
as though we're like a spider and like,
ooh, I've got a crumb, what do I do?
I'm really panicked.
Why are these people fucking mad dogging you?
Hey, that's what I would say.
If I picked delicious crumb from a spunk and chomped it,
and you guys looked at me like,
I would look at the two of you and I'd say,
hey, mind your own fucking business.
What I eat and do to my body is none of yours.
It's possible that all of these other people
at the computer lab, like they all got together
and they just watched Honey, I Shrunk the Kids.
Oh.
And they just see you like pluck a crumb and eat it.
And they're like, what if,
oh, and they all just horrified themselves.
What if that was Richard Moranis himself?
I don't think he got shrunk in the movie.
Except he did in the second one.
What the fuck are you talking about?
No, he did in the third one.
Yeah, Honey, we shrunk ourselves.
Then why did you say that he did?
He shrunk the kids.
But he didn't in Honey, I Shrunk the Kids.
He said it in the movie, the kids got shrunk.
He shrunk the kids, he exploded his infant son.
And then he-
The order was, shrunk the kids, saved them,
thought, I'm gonna keep doing this,
I'm gonna keep following this particular dream.
Blew up his son and was like,
oh, Richard, baby, oh.
No, I'm gonna keep doing it, I think.
And then did himself.
And I think that was the final straw
because we didn't get a-
Yeah, the fourth one has to be-
Well, then there's the TV show.
The fourth one has to be Honey,
I think this relationship has run aground.
Honey, I think we need to take a break.
Wait, there's a TV show?
Yeah, with Peter Scolari.
Was the TV show just like every episode,
like, how the fuck does this keep happening?
It was all different machines,
there was the shrinkery was in there.
Do you think that when they were naming
Honey, I Shrunk the Kids 2,
somebody said, we'll go with I Blew Up the Baby
and everybody went, let's see if we can come up
with better than that.
And it was like, I made the baby real big,
I big jumped the baby.
If each one is a sentence that you are saying
to your spouse, then I think by five,
it would just be like, Margaret,
Margaret, I can't fucking believe this.
I know this is gonna be hard to believe,
but it happened again and it's still not my fault.
Baby, I blew up the baby.
Honey, we shrunk ourselves.
Sweetheart, I done fucked this one so bad.
Margaret, this is gonna be the end of our marriage,
isn't it?
Honey, I want you back, that's what it says.
Honey, I want you back and also I'm very small,
please come get me.
Please pick up your very small husband.
Honey, I final listened to your complaints
and blew up my wiener, just like a crazy great hog.
Honey, I shrunk your dad to the point of non-existence
and now he's gone.
Honey, I'm sorry about your dad.
Honey, I shrunk my ego and blew up my level
of consideration for you and listening.
I blew up my listening skills.
Please take me back.
What do you think, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids TV show
is about?
Episode per episode, what do you think?
Episode one, coming strong out of the gates.
I think it's a pretty traditional child shrinking romp.
Episode two, I think they probably should,
I mean, it's all size play, right?
So I think the dog probably gets weird.
Episode three, the whole house got little.
Oh no, all our stuff.
Episode four, he accidentally shrinks
the relationship counselor that they bring in.
And then they just carry him around in their pocket.
He's like a recurring character.
Yeah, it was very cute though, I do like that part.
Episode five, they shrink their son
but blow up their daughter.
And at this point, Peter's just like,
I'm just trying to find new fun ways of mixing it up.
He's just trying to feel alive.
He can only feel alive by shrinking at this point.
I'm just gonna hit both of you guys with some titles
of episodes of Honey, I Shrunk the Kids the TV show.
Honey, we've been swallowed by grandpa.
Literally out the gate, they nail it.
Let me just get on, let me just torrent this real quick.
Torrenting, torrenting, shut up, I'm watching this now.
Shut up, give me 22 minutes, nobody talk.
Just let me sit here in it.
Honey, the house is trying to kill us.
Holy shit.
Honey, I'm haunted.
Honey, I'm haunted?
Honey, you've got nine lives.
Okay, so this is the, what's the fucking cat movie
that's out right now, Happy Cat.
Honey, they're after me Lucky Charms.
No, that's not, that can't be.
Okay, Wayne's invention succeeds in finding gold.
A pot of doubloons claimed by a leprechaun
just having fun with it.
Hold on, just having fun with it.
Listen, I know that the movies are pretty whimsical
with the ant dog and the oatmeal pie.
This is a franchise rooted in science.
But you can't just be like, I don't know,
you know, scientific leprechauns.
Honey, I blew up the leprechaun.
Honey, I know what you're thinking.
Honey, you're living in the past.
That's like a, is that a two-parter?
That's where it all starts to go downhill
for the Zelinsky's.
Honey, I have conquered death.
By the way, they did 66 episodes of this motherfucker.
By the way, I bet Peter Scoleri really feels
in ownership of this role at this point
since he's been doing it 15 times as long
as Rick Maraniss.
Way, way longer than Richard did.
Honey.
What's the finale call, you think?
Honey, who done it?
Honey, we died.
Honey, time stretches before me is an endless loop
through which I'm trying to escape.
Time is a flat circle, honey.
Honey, time's a flat circle.
Honey, now we're all sons of bitches.
Honey, I invented the atomic bomb accidentally.
Honey, I've become death destroyer of worlds.
This is, oh man, this seems like a pretty good show.
It really was.
I actually remember enjoying it immensely.
Honey, I shrink all of Australia
and it's just fucking gone now.
Can I tell you, Scoleri's a treasure.
I love Scoleri.
Scoleri's a fucking treasure.
Yeah, he's great.
Honey, I'm the sorcerer's apprentice.
That was the last episode?
No.
No, the last one's called Honey, Who Done It?
It's a murder mystery, I guess.
Kind of seems like an anticlimax.
You would think they would end with some shrinking.
You would think they would bring it back
and be like, honey, let's bring it home with some shrinking.
Some good old fashioned shrinkage.
Honey, the next last episode is Honey, I shrink,
therefore I am.
So that's where it was.
I was kind of a thinker.
I would like to see one episode in which
he uses the enlarging, right?
But enlarges everyone to 1.1 scale.
So that is like 1.1 times the size.
So it's definitely like weird, but not the inconvenience
that they were dealing with otherwise.
It's not like a giant baby.
It's just like a seven foot tall man.
Well, this has got to be an expensive show, I would think.
Oh, definitely.
What with all the science.
And I mean, they're just going through kids nonstop.
What with all the...
Do you know how many kids they lost in the original Shrink?
A lot?
A lot.
They would just let them out on the lawn
and then that's it for them.
1.5 kids.
That ant killed six kids.
But the ant has been working in this town
for so many of the stories that ant could tell.
Honey, I'm rooting for the home team.
That's just one where there's no science,
no wackiness. Nick is upset
because he's having trouble playing baseball.
So he asks his dad to make some inventions
to help him play baseball better.
That's just cheating, Wayne.
No angels in the outfield, only man.
Elsewhere, Diane is worried about her recital
and Amy uses a cream that camouflages pimples,
but she uses too much and it hides her nose.
No, no, no, no, hold on.
You can't both give me baseball machines
and invincible nose.
You're telling me there's two wacky science subplots
in each episode of Shrink?
You can't put both in there, Wayne.
Yeah, okay.
Last one, I promise.
Honey, the bunny bit it.
Nick invents a machine of his own
in an attempt to resurrect his dead pet buddy Copernicus.
Oh my God.
Things go wrong when his invention
summons a monstrous creature from another dimension
that possesses the body of his deceased friend.
Holy fucking shit.
How's your Saturday morning programming, everyone?
That's real?
Nick defeats death and invites a demon
from another world into our plane?
Honey, we've lost the plot.
Honey, we went the wrong place.
That's gonna do it for us, folks.
We hope you've enjoyed the program.
Thank you so much for hanging in with us
on this kind of weird, bumpy three-week schedule.
We'll be back to normal soon after.
I'm gonna actually predict that the next episode
is probably gonna be a little bit late
because we are- May we?
No, no, no.
We'll get one up.
It's just I'm traveling that weekend
and we are gonna be fucking wiped
because we're doing- I'm gonna be trying
to find a house.
Yeah, Travis is house hunting.
So the next week will probably be a bit off schedule.
We apologize, but we're gonna get this thing back on track.
We'll probably end up sitting on that live show too
because girlfriend and I have got-
Yeah, we need to put some stuff in the tank for this one.
We need to bank some stuff.
Gotta bank some stuff.
And also we're recording it,
so we probably can put it out.
That's a good point.
A lot of twists and turns.
A lot of twists and turns.
This is quite the rollercoaster.
The show, by the way, I just want everyone to know,
I'm very proud of how it's coming along.
I cannot wait for everyone to see it.
Yeah, so we're all- I think you're gonna like it.
If we've sounded like exhausted
and we did a live Facebook live thing for CSO,
and a lot of people are like,
God, they look so tired.
It's not coming from a place of us being like bummed out
or anything because the show's going really, really well
and I'm really happy with it
and I think it's gonna be really good.
We're just leaving on the fucking horse.
We're just all going so deep in the pain.
We're using every bit.
You know what I mean?
We don't have anything that at the end of the day,
I am a toothpaste tube rolled from the bottom, you know?
I wanna thank John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a great album that you should go get.
Also wanna thank Maximum Fun for having us.
Go to MaximumFun.org and just go click.
Click on websites.
Go click on podcasts.
Go listen to stuff like Beef and Dairy Network
and Judge John Hodgman and stop podcasting yourself.
We all have other shows and video stuff
and Twitter stuff that you can find at McElroyShows.com.
I would like to plug one in particular.
We just did an episode of Schmaners
in which my wife did like a biography of Emily Post.
Oh, interesting.
That was amazingly fascinating.
Emily Post like was incredible
and like Theresa did a great job with it.
It's my favorite episode I think that we've recorded so far.
And I just wanted to plug that and say,
go check out Schmaners, listen to that Emily Post episode
and educate yourself on Emily Post.
She's amazing.
Yep.
Is that it?
That's gonna do it for us, folks.
Thank you so much for sticking with us.
We have a final question.
Yeah.
Found by Griffin.
And what we do every week is Griffin reads this
and we kind of think about it and dwell on it
and then we come back the week after.
Just sort of focus on most of our energies
and just like release.
Yeah, it's so nice.
Anyway, this one was sent in by Rachel Roseng.
Game recognized game, Rachel Roseng.
We need to write down a fucking list
of what everybody's stuff is.
You need to write down a list.
Yeah, you definitely need to do that.
Thank you, Rachel Roseng.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Earl, who asks,
what is Mary Tyler Moore's role in the big scheme of things?
So good.
Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
He's been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
["I Want To Be Your Man"]
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Why would you listen to a podcast of TV pilots
that never got made?
It must not have been any good, right?
I don't know for a fact that anyone read it.
They couldn't get to deal with that.
There was kind of a regime change.
Someone at the studio who was in a decision making capacity
said, these guys seem like losers.
They just blamed it on, OK, well, it must be women.
We got word that USA had decided to stop doing comedy.
Why aren't we making this?
It was so good.
Hear the TV comedies you never got to see on the Dead Pilot
Society podcast.
Listen on Maximumfun.org or wherever you download podcasts.
