The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, let us welcome you to 20 Does.
20 Does or 20 Doesn't.
20 Does, 20 Do this year. I have a, what do you guys feel about 20 Does? Because I feel like
it's going to be real super hyphy.
I'm thinking that in the future people will refer to this year as the really doesn't.
I want people to refer to it as the my brother, my brother and me year.
Is that, can we do that?
The year of my brother, my brother and me?
Yeah. My bim bam year.
I have resolved myself to making 20 Does the year that I just get it.
I just want to get it this year.
A lot of times I see Griffin and I'm like,
he is going at it full bore, but I'm not sure he's getting it.
When is that fool just going to steal his nerves and ready himself and just get it?
It seems like we're always so close to getting that brass ring.
20 Does I think is the year where we grab it just by its big round body and say, hello ring.
Hello ring, you're mine now. I got you.
We got you this time.
We got you this time in 20 Does.
This is my brother, my brother and me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
And for the new listeners in 20 Does, maybe we can explain what we do.
What is it we does on this show?
We get it.
We get it?
Every time.
You give us your questions and you say, guys, I'm not getting it.
I'm not going full bore.
And we say, listen, amp it.
First you amp it and then you get it.
You got to fire on all eight cylinders all the time.
All eight.
You got to punch the sky.
Punch the sky.
No, we take questions that people send in and we answer them to the best of our ability,
which usually isn't pretty good.
And also we do the same thing to people in the Yahoo Answers service
who did not send in their questions,
but we still give them the full consideration of our heart of hearts.
And then sometimes we do a Mad Lib.
Sometimes Travis does a Mad Lib.
You won't hear that on this episode because it's the new year
and we're all far too hung over to put up with that.
Yep.
Yep.
Like, for example, the level of comedy you're going to get
when Griffin said far too hung over.
I heard fart toot hung over.
Okay.
So that's about it.
Solid gold.
Solid gold brass ring.
Did you guys take 2000 in Heaven out with a bang last night?
And by a bang, I mean drinking?
Yeah.
Absolutely.
I consume beverages.
And hey, this is to like everybody on TV.
Can I go through a year?
Can I, is it possible?
Is it legal to ring in a new year without the Black Eyed Peas there?
Like, do they, are they just, are they building the ball
and making it drop like the beat?
Because I have to assume one of their parents is financing the whole thing
and that's how they get to keep playing.
Has to be.
Like they sponsored all of 2012.
It's like their year.
It's like, it seems like you can't do anything
without one of those guys sneaking in.
Yeah.
They, they officiated my wedding.
Yeah.
Against your will.
Against my will.
I didn't want to, but God, once they make the beat drop.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let the beat drop.
Then like, I didn't have a say in the matter anymore.
Yeah.
And you were like, I thought it was supposed to be a different priest
and they were like, this is mega switch up.
Yeah.
Last night there was.
Is that Black Eyed Peasly Arc?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mega switch up.
Last night, Will.i.am did a solo number and he was introduced by Fergie and not,
she didn't make reference to the fact that she knows him fairly well.
Being in the Black Eyed Peas and all.
It was like, he, she, she just said, now this is new up.
So Will.i.am, check him out.
My former cohort.
My former cohort before the debt.
Known associate, Will.i.am.
We were employed together by the beat.
Now a man I know from a Dr. Pepper commercial we did together, it's Will.i.am.
But enough advising Fergie.
She stopped listening after the first time we did a fun drive.
So she's a fair weather fan at best.
Let's move on to the real stalwarts.
Guys, I just got a haircut and I hate it.
At the barbershop, I took off my glasses for the haircut and when it was over,
I couldn't see how it looked.
I just assumed it was fine.
When I got home, I looked in the mirror and noticed that it was horrible.
Is it okay to go back to the barbershop and demand a redo?
How can I make it as unawkward as possible?
That's from Campion10.
Campion, I don't think you know how hair works.
Yeah, you don't get a mulligan.
You just get a mullet.
Yeah, you, it doesn't like, you're not a Play-Doh man.
I'm confused by the concept that like, so I get me, I have to take my glasses off too
when I get a haircut.
Everyone with glasses does.
Did you fail to put them on before you got home?
Yeah.
Like crash.
Bad haircut.
Is it possible that it actually looks pretty dope and you're just not used to it?
Yeah.
Hey, let me see.
Let me take a look.
Pull your haircut up to your iPod.
Yeah, looks good.
The trick, do you guys want to know the trick to always getting a good haircut?
What's that?
Well, I know this, people, stylists die for this kind of info, so I can't believe I'm
giving it out for free.
What you have to do is get a haircut from somebody who you think is attractive.
Oh, really?
Yeah, because they're not going to cut, they know what looks good, obviously.
Look at how attractive they are, right?
They want to shape other people into other good looking people, so there's more people
at the sex parties that they want to get invited to if they're ugly.
Right.
I'm saying no pretty is going to make you into an elko.
Unless they're hoarding it.
Unless they're doing it on purpose to make themselves look better.
That's why you got to go to the opposite sex.
If you go to someone of the same sex, they don't want the competition for the pack.
Yeah, and they might give you a tonsure up there, or they might just slit your throat.
Yeah, bake you into pies.
The barber saw a racist fingerprint, so they would never be caught.
Yeah, I mean, they're sitting in a chair that's surrounded with pictures of your kids.
So there are clues, I'm not saying there are clues.
Before you returned to the barber and asked for a redo, did you save your receipt?
Because without your receipt, you don't get that redo.
Really?
Yeah.
You have to present documentation, huh?
Yeah, otherwise you roll up and the barber's like, I don't even remember you.
You just have an ugly haircut now.
I would never cut that hair that way.
If it's a bad haircut, I think you need to go.
I don't think there's an unawkward way of doing it.
I think you need to go to somebody else and say, hey, what can you do for me?
Because obviously you don't like their haircut style.
You don't like how they're doing it.
Go to someplace else.
You know, I've actually done this before.
I've actually gone back to a place and been like, hey, this is kind of weak.
And it was like the sides of my hair were uneven or something.
They cut one side shorter than the other.
It was real bad.
And then I rolled back up to the place and I was like, hey, fix it.
Yeah, can you?
I mean, that is just, that's just shoddy workmanship.
That's not even a style question.
Unless that's a hip style now.
Is the R. Kelly long on one side, short on the other?
Right.
Nine tenths of good haircutting cutsmanship is preparation.
I think you got to go, you got to find the right person.
If you go to a barbershop, I have this a lot in Austin as I'll go to a barbershop
and it'll be one of those rando situations, like a upscale fantastic Sam's.
Or I, you know, sit down and who knows who I get this time.
And sometimes it's an attractive woman.
And sometimes it's a man and half of his hair is bleached blonde and the other half is bright pink.
And he's like, let's do this. And I'm like, I don't think I want to do this.
I don't know what's going to happen up there.
If this happens, I want to hold out, hold out for a new, I'm going to hold out.
I'm going to sit here.
I'm going to finish my Shiner and I'm going to read the paper.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you, if you, if you get a good haircut once ever, never, you can't move.
You can't go hold on to that person.
They're the most valuable person to you in your whole life because they know how to cut it the way you like it.
I have for a while, I was driving back to my girl, Mo, back in Huntington.
My man, my man, Sunny, up at the, up at the master cuts, up at the Huntington mall, just, just, just next to tilt the arcade.
He, he will, he will take care of you.
Tell him, tell him Justin sent you.
Cause he remembers my name.
He remembers my name.
He remembers my name.
He remembers my name.
He remembers my name.
Tell him, tell him Justin set you cause he remembers my name.
Well, he calls me buddy, but I know he knows my name.
I bet he always just calls me buddy.
Why don't you buzz it?
Ooh, buzz it down self, self medication there, huh?
I've been actually thinking about it's ridiculous.
I go to a barber and I paid them $13 to buzz my hair with a size six guard.
Like I think I could probably do that myself.
I'm impressed that you know the size guard that you use when I go in.
If I don't, what if they use a size four guard?
And then it's like, well, see, that's what's weird.
I walk in and they say, what size?
And I'm like, I honestly couldn't tell you.
And they're like, you know, we'll start with like a three or something.
And then it's always too short.
Always too short.
Learn your number folks.
Life is so hard.
Yeah.
Here's what I do.
It haircut, hair cutters love this.
Just start, just say, just clean it up a little bit and then just keep telling them that like,
no, not quite clean enough.
And that way you can ease them into it.
And then when it works, take a picture.
You're going to sound like you have like OCD or something.
My hair is not clean enough.
You're the one that has to live with the haircut for six months or eight months
or maybe even like 12 months.
I need you to make it cleaner on the sides by which I mean,
shave my basketball number into those.
They call me clean sweep.
Will you please take up one sideburn, but just the one.
Can you put those fun lines in the side?
Hey, I have a job car up there.
Please.
I have a job interview in the new year for position.
I'm totally under qualified for it.
It'd give me a great salary.
It's pretty much my dream job and it would allow me to move to London.
How can I fool my interviewers into thinking their company will go into administration?
Unless I'm on board.
That's from skeptical in Scotland.
For those that don't know, going into administration is like going bankrupt here.
Ah, okay.
Here?
In the US of A.
Oh, okay.
What did you think I meant?
On this show?
Well, here my brother, my brother and me.
You made it sound like we were in the UK.
Oh, okay.
Pushing made it so.
Okay.
Yeah, we'll get over there UK.
You just hold out.
Start sending us money now.
Why wouldn't you qualify yourself for your dream job?
What are you doing?
Why is the one thing you want to do more than anything on earth the one thing you're not
qualified to do?
What have you been preparing to do?
Yeah, what have you been preparing for?
Did something else fall through?
I dream of being a ballerina so I've trained to be a lumberjack and I just hope it works out.
Maybe just don't tell them you're under qualified.
Yeah, I mean, yes, Travis.
I think that that goes without saying is don't say don't give me this job because I'd be bad
at it.
No, but I'm saying like I don't know what special prep you would have to do because
they like can't read your mind.
They're not going to give you an on the spot test.
My name is Dylan and I'm from Scotland and I'm unqualified for this position.
I suck at this.
I don't know where I am.
This is my dream.
So you made this come true.
Maybe, maybe you could play that aspect and be like, listen, straight up.
I have no idea the fuck what I'm doing, but think of how educational this experience.
I am a lump of clay.
Think about how I will learn from this.
Think about how I will better my oh no.
Oh, okay.
You're standing up.
Is that it?
Okay, I should go.
Okay, so I should just I should just here's the thing in this day and age.
People change jobs, millennials, no one is tied to any one position anymore, which makes
which makes it makes a creating past work experience just the easiest thing.
Yeah, pick a friend, give right down their cell phone number.
Say they were the manager at the now defunct, etc.
And then and then have the manager call them.
Your friend will say whatever you tell him to, you know, have have the manager call us.
We'll say whatever you want.
Yeah, yeah, I'll say I'll lie.
I'll put my five dollars, I'll tell them you were president.
Can you stretch your job titles at your jobs?
Because nobody definitely nobody's going to check that.
Like, instead of being a cashier at Taco Bell, say you were like a taco coordinator.
I was a sort of a gordita middleman.
I guess you could say I think what you're looking for is chalupa artisan.
I was a nacho cheese engineer.
That part is true.
Is it possible that it's not like they're underqualified,
like they don't have the use of experience, but they're underqualified?
Like, it's a job as like an engineer or like as a surgeon and they just don't.
Well, I fucking hope it's not a surgeon.
Yeah, I hope so, too.
I don't think the people who listen to our show are clinically unstable,
which seems to be the picture that you're painting.
Now, come in here, Dylan.
What prepares you to be a marine biologist?
Nothing.
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
I like fish and I'm scared of water.
Let's get this done.
Let's learn some shit about otters.
I got you.
I got an underwater microscope.
Come on.
Science.
Where's the whale?
Where's the whale at?
Which one's the shark again?
Okay.
Yeah, that's right.
I want to put my microscope on a shark.
I'm going to call in that big fish like Jonah did.
Remember?
Learn about his inside part.
By the way, I only believe in sciences in the Bible.
Let's do this.
I'm unqualified.
The Bible and Pinocchio.
This is my dream.
This is my dream, sir.
This is my dream job.
I fucking hate fish.
I hate this.
Let's do it.
Come on, you slimy bitches.
Look at him flop around on the table.
This is crazy.
Somebody get me a science knife.
I'm going to go to town on this fish.
Give me a science knife.
I gots to cut this whale open.
Tell you what, I'm not qualified for this job,
but I'm going to dissect this octopus right in front of you.
Watch.
You watch.
You watch.
I'm going to cut off some squid legs.
Put it on this octopus.
Make the ultimate tentacle monster animal.
Is this science yet?
Did we do it?
I want to do some science.
Drop me in this tank.
I'm going to tie this octopus's legs together like Popeye.
Come on.
I'm going to do some science.
Drop me a beat.
Drop me a beat.
Drop me a beat.
I'll write something like Bill Nye.
Science guy.
Like a science song.
You guys want to?
Oh, marine biologists.
I bet you didn't know your job was that funny,
but that's exactly the kind of insight you can expect every week in 20 Does.
Here, I'm my brother.
My brother and me.
You want a Yahoo?
Yes, please.
First Yahoo of 20 Does.
20 Does.
Let's make it count.
This one was sent in by Team Money.
Thank you, Team Money.
You're welcome.
It's by Yahoo answer user Chi, who asks,
is there a charity where I can donate to walruses?
I really love walruses.
And I would like to donate to them.
Is there one you could think of?
Thank you for your help, everyone.
Happy New Year.
Like directly to the walrus?
That's what it sounds like, isn't it?
He wants to get right at him.
He doesn't want it to get hung up in like overhead.
Yeah.
Where can I take my walrus sweaters?
I want this.
I don't want this overhead.
I want to under tusk in their mouth.
I think the most direct option is obviously go to the Arctic Circle
and fucking just make it rain.
Make it rain fish.
Just like stick some hundos to their blubbery, wrinkly, gray skin.
A lot of people don't know what walruses need, walruses need now.
What do they need?
Like after the terrible earthquakes in Haiti, a lot of people were like,
send money, send dollars, just send us some cash.
But then they didn't realize they have different money in Haiti.
So they couldn't do anything with it.
They ate it.
They used the money.
They used the dollar bills to make compresses and food.
They didn't know what to do with it.
You know, I actually read about this.
You know what walruses need more than anything?
What's that?
Counseling.
Yeah.
Really?
Are they?
Yeah, they just need to talk.
They just need to talk.
They are the ugliest thing on the earth, I think.
You know, it's that kind of mentality that are giving these walruses issues.
That's kind of cruel of God, isn't it though?
And he's like, let's make them put sharp stuff on their face.
Let's make them fat.
And then also, let's throw a mustache on them.
And then let's make them really, really sensitive.
Not a lot of people know that they are the most emotionally sensitive animals.
Now, they don't seem awful enough.
So let's make them eat seals, which is nature's most beautiful animal.
Yeah, and make them look like ugly seals.
So like the parallelism is lost.
It's going to be really great.
Can you imagine when you're a walrus?
Like at first, you think, well, this sucks.
But at least everybody else is in the same boat as me.
And then the first time you see like a beautiful deer, or like a beautiful pelican.
Just a water deer skippering across the water.
Look at that beautiful water stag.
Like, oh, you got you have four legs instead of one stupid leg.
Oh, you don't bark like an idiot.
Okay, great.
Cute little bushy tail.
That's great.
Hey, where's your mustache?
Don't have one.
Oh, you don't have one.
Don't have one.
Can we get these walruses some like mustache tremors?
I don't think they want that.
That's a sign of everybody knows that the walrus's facial hair is the sign of their masculinity.
Okay, what about mustache wax?
Let's turn that into handlebars.
Yeah, now see that with some preening.
I bet they love that.
That would help them to feel not so bad about themselves.
Walruses do love irony.
If we could wrap some tight denim around their chubby, chunky tails.
Can we get some walrus skinny jeans, please?
Thank God knows they could use it.
I was into krill long, long before it was popular.
Hey, did you guys get the new Krillex?
Oh, Krillex.
God damn.
Yeah, he's always good for a laugh.
He sure is.
Well, at least for me he is.
Hey brothers, I was wondering what you thought about dating girls who have a much different
personality and lifestyle from your own.
I have this friend and I was thinking about asking her out sometime soon, but the more
I just hang out with her, I see that her lifestyle is very different from my own.
She's the kind of girl who would go out to a party at night.
Well, I would rather spend the night relaxing in my dorm room.
And now I just question whether having a different lifestyle should stop me
from asking her out at all.
That's from asking in Alaska.
No, it shouldn't stop you.
Next.
I mean, it could be exciting, right?
That's love.
That's what the heart wants.
I mean, not a lot can be done about that.
Although, I mean, will it force you?
You have to realize that in a sense, this could be very good for you, right?
Like, I think it's good to have that balance in a relationship where one person wants to
do this, another person wants to do another thing, and you find a happy medium.
Now, there might be some friction as a result, but I think it's better for yourself in the
long run.
It's better for your day to day.
Just be prepared to...
You're gonna have to be prepared to be flexible about it.
You're gonna have to be prepared to, you know?
To give a little.
Exactly.
I would say the only concern I would have about it is if her behavior is in any way
self-destructive.
Like, you know, if by partying, I mean, like, she's going out and just, you know, doing
a bunch of drugs and destroying herself, then I could see why that would be a problem.
But if she just likes to have a good time and hang out with her friends and is a social
person, then maybe, you know, when you're in that relationship, maybe there's a balance
where you go out more often than you normally would, and she stays home with you more often
than she normally would, and you find a good balance and kind of, you know, are good for
each other.
Guys, what we're dealing with here is a classic along came Polly scenario.
Yeah, classic Polly.
What you gotta do is you gotta just let yourself live, let yourself love, let yourself...
And then eat some sidewalk nuts.
Don't eat spicy Indian food at a party and then have diarrhea.
And wipe your butt with a ferret, if I remember correctly.
Oh, is that really...
Oh, God.
Can you stop dropping, like, specific references to this movie?
Like, you just watched it this week.
It really creeps me out when you do that.
So you don't want me to talk about, like, you gotta watch out for when you go on your
honeymoon and then your wife sleeps with the scuba instructor, as played by Hank Azaria?
No, I don't want to know about any more along came Polly related things.
When you go see your best friend, Philip Seymour Hoffman in Jesus Christ Superstar at a community
theater.
This is a new year, it's a new slate, and you are muddying that slate with your shit,
with your human feces, which is along came Polly.
Yeah, but to be fair, that movie didn't introduce me to the word shart, so...
As it introduced America, sir.
Sir, and all our lives are richer for it.
I would never take that away from from Philip Seymour Hoffman, but...
You know, you guys can give me shit all you want to, but I'm just preparing to be qualified
for my dream job as a long came Polly historian.
Okay.
That is my dream job too, however, I am woefully unqualified.
Woefully unqualified for it.
Have you seen that super meta movie one night at the along came Polly museum?
It's great.
It's about Ben Stiller working in a museum for along came Polly, and then all the characters
come to life.
He is still very, very sad.
Could not keep my Stiller straight.
Actually, the role of the Ben Stiller mannequin when he comes to life is played by Hank Azaria.
It gets very confusing.
Yeah.
And Owen Wilson, I bet it's in there somewhere too.
You know he's in the mix.
Maybe playing Luke Wilson just to further muddy that.
Weird.
I just just just try it.
What's the worst that's gonna happen?
I mean, it's listen, it's 20 does.
I'm gonna give this blanket advice out to everybody who's under the thrall of my voice
right now.
It's 20 does.
Get it.
If you have a question about should I, the answer is get it.
Yes.
Get it.
Just get it.
And maybe it'll work out.
Maybe it won't, but you won't know until you get it.
Get it.
Yes.
No regrets in 20 does.
Just say yes.
Just say yes and get it.
Just go on a rampage.
We're gonna go get high and then go to the bowling alley.
Are you in?
Yes.
Get it.
Yeah, I am.
I want to do high bowling.
I want to get strikes.
I want to get striked up.
Let's go get striked up and let's go let's go bowl together.
Do you want to go to a funeral with me?
I would rather not.
But I will because I'm opening myself up to new experiences even if they're depressing
in some way.
We'll have some smelling salts.
We'll rave and we'll get it at the funeral.
We'll see.
That's what your grandma would want.
That's what she would want is just to rave and get nuts.
20 does guys.
I'm done.
I'm done equivocating with people.
I'm done.
So that's the slogan.
20 does rave at a funeral.
Rave at a funeral.
20 yes.
We're gonna rave into this into the the great good night that will come to claim us all
in late December.
But until then everybody let's just give it a shot.
I am going to stave off Quetzalcoatl with two glow sticks on the top of a fucking mountain
just blasting Skrillex just like come get it.
Ready for you.
Not this day.
If you're gonna eat me you're gonna have to eat my stupid cat in the hat hat too.
Enjoy this adult size pacifier you bitch.
Let's make Quetzalcoatl our pitch this year and just say yes.
Do I want to ask her out?
Yeah sure.
She broke my heart.
Ask again.
Ask someone different.
Ask that same person but in a different way.
Ask her out using a Quetzalcoatl line.
Like listen time is limited here.
We need to get moving.
Can I ask you a Quetzalcoatl?
Oh shit.
Hey Griffin.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Before Quetzalcoatl comes I need to build a bomb shelter and the only way I can do that
is with money and the only way I know how to make money is with The Money Zone.
This week on The Money Zone we are being driven there first off by our dear friends
Vincent and Paul Goldberg.
Goldberg?
Goldberg the goalie.
No Goldberg is getting butt cheek friendship tattoos.
They didn't know what what it was going to be and and this is a Christmas present for
Paul Goldberg which is everybody knows are the perfect the perfect things the perfect
thing for Paul Goldberg.
They want to know what they should get on their butts on their bottoms.
Well a tattoo that just says butt.
But no that's not not very good.
Can the tattoo be butt colored?
Uh-huh a butt color tattoo?
So that nobody is going to see it.
I have always wanted to get a tattoo of Herve Villiches and he's rolling up his sleeve and
on his arm is a tattoo of the band Tattoo.
Uh-huh.
So if you guys wanted to get so many layers to that.
I know right.
If you guys want to get that tattoo of Tattoo with the Tattoo of Tattoo that would be I
think ideal.
There's probably another level of abstraction you could get there but I don't know what
it would be.
Can I get a what about a tattoo of Bob Seger with a tattoo of me?
Now why would Bob Seger get a tattoo of you Griffin?
Well he wouldn't but in this fictional universe that I've painted on my body forever.
What about a tattoo of Bob Seger except with my head?
So it's Bob Seger's body.
Okay but it would have to say like under it this is Bob Seger.
He has to wear a t-shirt that just says Bob Seger.
Okay.
Nobody could tell Bob Seger just by his body or at least more specifically nobody who's
going to see my butt could tell could tell Bob Seger just from his body.
So guys I hope that I hope that helps you and I hope that hope that that's that's enough
of a inspiration that you can find something that really works for your personal butt.
Also taking us to the money zone this week our friends our dear friends Topataco.
Topataco.
Tupitiku.
It's Topataco.com.
Quetzalcoatl.
It's Topataco.com.
T-O-P-A-T-O-C-O.com.
They you buy stuff there and you're going to be supporting independent artists.
You're going to be supporting people like our friend Corey Schmitz.
Our friend Justin Russo.
There's all kinds of great artists on there who are making Skrilla off of your purchases.
They are the world's largest collection of quality merchandise from the internet's
very best artists and musicians and of course like us podcasters.
You can go to Topataco.com to buy things there or you can go to MaxFunStore.com
and and and you're going to find some really some some really unique items there.
You're going to find things you won't find anywhere else.
You want to peep up his nasty gum shirt?
They can do that.
They can make that dream a reality for you.
Do you want them to draw a really crazy picture of a rhinoceros?
They might do that too on your receipt.
They're crazy over there.
They once they once drew a picture of a really disturbed really disturbing picture of
Lisa Loeb's glasses on somebody's package once.
It was all very upsetting but they're the best people in the world and we love them very much.
So here's a shitty song for them.
So here's a shitty jingle for them.
I don't have anything.
Do you want cheese and sour cream?
You can't do that.
It's not a taco.
It's a website and they sell t-shirts for free.
No, they're not free.
They cost actual money, but that money goes to us.
Topataco.com and buy stuff.
Specifically maximum fun gear.
So we don't buy.
I want that maximum fun.
Don't buy anything that says stop podcasting yourself or judge John Hodge or any of those other guys.
Jordan Jesse go forget.
Jordan Jesse no, I say.
Just buy our stuff and give us your money.
My brother and my brother in glee is what you'll have in your heart when you buy our stuff.
In fact, what you should do is you should pay them extra money to not send you the other stuff.
Yeah, here's $10 to not send me a Jordan Jesse go shit.
God, I love money.
I love it too.
I love it too, but do actually buy their stuff too because we love it.
Yeah, their stuff is fine.
But first buy our stuff.
Don't use all your don't use up all your money.
We need it.
You should buy our stuff and then buy their stuff to keep our stuff in.
It's a t-shirt I bought for my t-shirt to keep it warm.
Hello there.
My name is Graham Clark and I'm Dave Shumka.
And together we host a podcast called Stop Podcasting Yourself.
This is a file that you download from the internet and then you listen to it in your pod.
What's that about you ask?
Well, who are you to ask?
Who do you think you are?
Yeah, get lost bozo.
We're a couple of stand up comedians in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
And every week we bring a guest on the show.
Sometimes they're Canadian.
Sometimes they're not.
Sometimes they're a ghost.
It's like you're sitting in on a friendly afternoon chat.
Plus we're Canadian, so you get a tax break.
You can find us on iTunes or online at Maximumfun.org.
You guys want a Yahoo?
Yeah.
This one was sent in by Lisa Holofield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It's by Yahoo!
Industries user CrashFu who asks,
what is a good team name for a softball team sponsored by a male performance enhancement
clinic?
True story, I was thinking 10 bats and 20 balls, but that's a load to put on a shirt.
Help.
Big swingers.
Well, that, that, that, um, I guess that has a certain charm.
Sort of feel.
Um, bat boys.
So you're just sticking with the, a bat looks like a penis.
Yeah.
Bonus.
Okay.
I gotcha.
Okay.
Okay. Well, that one was not very good.
That one, uh, um, can it be like a traditional team?
Like the Levitra Lions is Levitra.
The Boner Tigers.
Okay.
Travis, I don't think you're very good at this.
Um, Cox Cox.
And it's like penis and a rooster.
No, that one needs to be worse.
No, that one needs to be workshopped a little bit more.
Let's start over.
No, let's think about this because there's a lot of questions you have to answer first.
Okay.
Let me ask you this.
What do you think about not so shortstop?
Ooh, that's good.
That's not bad, right?
That's, that's something, something there, ma'am.
Hmm.
Do you think?
Humpire.
Humpire?
Humpire?
No.
No, that's not, that's not bad.
Do you think that anybody?
RBI runs bonered in.
Okay.
I'm more confused by the mechanics of the team.
I want to know if anybody on the team is physically capable of diving into a plate without,
I think they're going to land right on the boner is what I think.
And I think that that's kind of put some friction on the ground.
I think it's going to keep them from reaching their destination
and also break their penis in half.
It'll at least break the bone.
Look at a fracture.
Definitely fracture that penis bone.
I think it would be, this would be the team that you would probably dread playing against.
Well, yeah.
Because they got that self-satisfied look on their faces.
And you can't bring your children.
Yeah.
Concession stands hated because nobody wants to buy a corn dog and watch the team.
Can anybody, can any local business have a baseball team?
Because if so, that seems, that seems kind of fucked up.
Like can funeral homes be like, Hey, we're the dead people team.
And can like, can like sex, sex, candy, toy stores be like, you know, sex, candy, toy stores.
Yeah.
Well, at least it would make, it would make lines.
Then that would be very easy to pick a mascot.
Yeah.
And the pleasure chest pirates.
Right.
Exactly.
I'm willing to bet that when you are a, an amateur softball team,
beggars can't be choosers.
Yeah.
I doubt very much that there's, there's much wiggle room there as far as who you
allow to sponsor your team.
And if you don't, what about wiggle room?
Yeah.
I think there's going to be a shortage of wiggle room all around.
Can we get back to our community and start our own softball team?
My brother, my brother and me boners.
Well, can we actually look into how much it would be, how much it would cost to sponsor
a softball team in someone's area?
200 tops, right?
Tops 200. Yeah.
Like so well worth it.
I mean, how much does a bat cost?
They only need the one bat.
That's like 10 bucks.
10 bucks for the bat.
If you're a local softball team would like us to sponsor them, please email us.
No kidding.
We have a, like, I don't want to toot our horns, but we have a grip of listeners.
Certainly we can find 10 people who are baseball.
Can you be the Bim Bambinos?
Oh my God.
That's a fucking awesome name, right?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
It'd be good.
It would be really good.
But I would want to go with something like my brother, my brother and me, like home run.
Murderers.
Yeah.
The murderers.
The molesters.
I don't want to play against that team.
Okay, so we'll sponsor your team.
But in exchange, you have to have like the most embarrassing name.
I don't think that, I think that no matter what you can call your team,
people are not going to, they're not going to like you because of the connotations of your sponsor.
That's all they're going to be able to think about.
They're not going to, maybe that would be good as a smoke screen though.
They're giggling up their sleeve about how you're like the Viagra vagabonds or something.
And meanwhile, you're getting all the touchdowns.
I think that you just hit on a great name, Justin, and you could be the Viagra gigglers.
What about hard dicks?
Go on.
That's it.
Okay, okay.
What about it?
All right, well, that's a pretty good starting point.
What about erections with a Z?
New erections.
Second chance erections.
I feel like baseball doesn't have enough sexual innuendo goofing possibilities.
Like I feel like if this was basketball, we would already have like 100 to 125 different names.
Do you think basketball is a sexier sport than baseball?
No, I just think that baseball, because they've got like the bats and balls,
it's so, as far as like penis jokes goes, it's like it's making the joke already.
Like it's already so clear you have to go real deep cut to find anything worthwhile.
I think we've all been to a baseball arena and seen a guy with a baseball bat
duct tape to his crotch.
Like, oh, I've got a big wooden penis.
Like we've all seen that one.
That could be their mascot.
We've all seen that in our dreams.
That could be their mascot though.
Dick bats.
That's inappropriate.
Can that be the name?
The Dick Bats?
Dick Bats.
I did really love his talk show back in the late 60s.
The Dick Bats Variety Hour.
He goes by Richard Bats now.
He was sort of like a more more ethnic Lawrence Welk.
But I really liked it.
Did we have a single good joke in that entire question?
Remember when we said Dick Bats?
I don't think that was funny.
Hey everybody, this is where you get to make your own gag.
Just write in.
Say, hey, I came up with a better gag than you guys did.
But you got to make sure to drink a lot the night before or else you're cheating.
Hey, I have a brother.
He lives in another town, so I keep in touch with him mostly through phone conversations.
The problem is, sometimes he'll decide to use the bathroom in the middle of our conversation.
He doesn't think it's a big deal, but it grosses me out.
I told him that I would stop speaking to him if he continues to do it, but he's starting
to simply continue doing it without telling me.
You can't give your brother an opening like that.
Please tell my brother to stop making his bathrooms while we are making a conversation.
That's from Euphemistic and Eugene.
You can't tell your brother that you don't like something, especially something that
he can continue to do to you.
How bad are you at brothers?
Why?
You shouldn't be able to have a conversation with anyone except your lover.
Anyone except your lover in which you can have a conversation with them and also be
able to see and touch your penis.
That's just my ground rule.
That's my base level for conversation skills, is if you can see and touch your penis, you
shouldn't be talking to anyone.
That's a good rule.
Yeah, it's a pretty good rule, Travis.
It's like the best rule that there is.
If you can see and touch your penis.
See and or see and or.
I can't imagine.
I mean, you can.
I guess you can always touch your penis.
Trust me.
As numerous suspensions in grade school will attest, you can always touch your penis.
He is your constant companion.
I can't imagine actually a scenario where you can see your penis but not touch it.
I can only think some kind of like bound and gag situation.
It's right there.
Please.
Why are you in that glass cage?
Unless you're Pikachu, I guess, in which case.
What if you get stuck in like a glass floor?
Sorry, what were you saying, Travis?
You're stuck in a glass floor.
So your top half is above the glass and your bottom half is below the glass.
Like if you're in a big glass castle.
Just think about it, guys.
It makes complete sense.
It's so fucking dumb, though.
It's a dumb thing.
I said this funny thing about Pikachu and then you're like.
He nailed it again.
How about a word fart, everybody?
I got one for you.
Remember when I said that thing about Pikachu?
I love that you said Pikachu and not like a T-Rex,
which I think more people would understand the arm to body ratio of.
Pikachu's got wicked short arms, everybody.
Travis is inventing a scenario with half-body glass cages.
Hey, you get me out of this.
No, you're a key member in this fart.
You're deep in it.
There's no extraction from here.
What are you and your brother talking about that you can't that he can't take
like a five minute break from the phone convo?
Yeah, it can't be that important.
That's where you say, hey, I'll call you right back.
I got a deuce.
Maybe when you call him, you say like, hi, I wanted to catch up,
but I just I want to know if you were going to have to duty in the next 15 minutes or so.
What's your battle situation currently?
When did you last evacuate?
Uh, tell your brother to do it right last because by 2015,
I think every call will be a video call, right?
I mean, we'll all have moved on to that tech.
Yeah, so he's not going to be able to sneak one in on you anymore.
Well, it doesn't sound like he's sneaking it.
It sounds like he's proud of it.
Yeah, it sounds like he's reveling.
What if he decorates the wall behind his toilet to look like some sort of cafe?
Oh, so you're saying like in in peewee's playhouse
that he pulls down the screen behind him.
Yes, he pulls it down and then you FaceTime with him.
And then you think, oh, he's at a trendy bistro.
So really, he's dropping, dropping child, getting it done, getting it.
I think that if you make a one, that's okay on the phone.
I think I think once he once he's more upsetting.
Yeah, because you can hear a onesie.
There's also the chance that he drops you in the toilet.
Mm hmm.
And then you're in his pee.
Guess what?
Your brother peed on you.
Oops.
Whoops.
Oops.
You have to kill yourself.
No, you're a dead man.
Now you're dead.
Dead man walking.
Hey, brother, stop, stop doing this.
Sorry.
No, not you.
Okay.
The email.
Me? Is it me?
I am happy to tell you guys that I have never made a bowel movement
while I've been on the phone with you.
While I have been podcasting with you.
That is a different story altogether.
Uh huh. Uh huh.
But as far as phone calls, direct one to one telephonic conversation,
no, no bathrooms.
So so you you've bathroomed while on the phone with the world,
but not individually with us.
Justin has made millions of people watch him as he uses the bathroom.
Well, Griffin, I otherwise I can't finish.
Okay, so.
Finish using the bathroom, I hope you mean, and not the other.
Christ, I hope so.
Hey, I recently introduced a friend of mine to your podcast.
He loves it, but he's recently given me calls to question his taste.
He has raised the subject of wanting to buy what he calls
feety pajamas.
The one piece sleepwear of children and crazy old men.
I, a girl, find this to be terrible.
And I'm hoping you guys can set him right.
And that's from Concerned in Canada.
He should get it.
Get it.
It's 20 does.
Get it.
Does it have rubber soles?
Are the rubber soles and the fuzzy slippers on the bottom?
I just I just want to throw this out because as I was listening to the question,
I had the best image pop in my head and it's of this dude in feety pajamas.
Just raging, girl.
Does he have a big beard?
Because in mine, he has a big beard.
Yeah, my beard in mine.
He's a half glass case in the top of his body and he can't can't adjust his feety pajamas.
Oh, feety pajamas.
That's a perfect example of when you can neither see nor touch your penis.
OK, that's fair.
Does it have what if it's a forever lazy and then there's the zipper in the front?
Is there a flap in the back for his fanny to hang out of?
Oh, that'd be adorable.
Look at his little fanny.
He's going to get a suntan.
So he's got a big old beard and the flap is open and he's raging drunk.
He's got a cute little fanny except he's 36 years old.
And he's got a tattoo of Herve Villiches on his butt.
I think if I could pull it off.
I'm not sure I could pull it off.
I think it would make me a little claustrophobic because I like my feet to be out there.
Like I want them sometimes they want to go off on their own.
They want to get out from under the blanket or peel off a sock or what have you.
But I think if I could really commit to the look, I think it could be super cozy.
Super cozy, I wonder what it seems like such a specific time that that would be appropriate.
And that is when you are alone forever.
Yeah, it doesn't seem like you could wear that to anything.
Like if you had friends or family with you, you can't wear that.
But you shouldn't be in your PJs with friends and family around anyway.
Like you shouldn't be changing into those.
Yeah, but if you're having like a lazy Sunday afternoon with a lover
and you curl it up on the couch and you're watching Netflix.
You just finished a session of lovemaking.
You just finished making love and she's wearing some cute,
literally anything other than one piece, feedie pajamas.
And you roll up there in your one piece, feedie pajamas.
The jig is up.
Unless you turn it around backwards and the flaps on the front and your dick's hanging out.
That's a worse look than the look that it could possibly be.
That's a power move though.
That is, she will know who is dominating that relationship and it is her.
And then all you-
Can that be the official uniform of the boner softball team?
Yes, it can.
My brother, my brother and me.
Check it out.
I think there's so many other sleepwear alternatives that are more comfortable.
Cause feedie pajamas are just like a big fucking full body textile prison.
Yeah.
Can't get out of it.
All it is, it's like a bathroom booby trap.
All your smells, all your smells get trapped in there and they come out your neck.
And you know what's right above your neck?
Your nose.
That's not gonna be good for you.
What about a big shirt?
Would you guys wear a night shirt?
Yeah, I'd wear like an Ebenezer Scrooge style night shirt every day of my life, right?
With that little bent over hat.
Why are you wearing a hat to bed Ebenezer Scrooge?
I'm in a pickle.
My boss at my current job has a crush on me.
This works out pretty well, generally, and she is fun to talk to.
But, office ethics aside, I'm not attracted to her.
I'm worried if I'm too forward in shooting her down, it may make working under her
more complicated.
What would a McElroy do in my shoes?
Thanks from Dave in Accounting.
Get it.
Get it.
Just get it.
Get the brass ring.
Full bore.
I just, why don't you just say, I don't, I love you.
Just tell her.
I love you, but I'm not in love with you and can I get that promotion?
Then you get me twice.
Why do you have to?
Then you get me twice.
Why do you have to shoot her down at all?
Yeah.
She's your boss.
She's the boss.
That means if she says you're going out, you are.
That's the way the world works, Dave.
Otherwise it's insubordination.
Dave.
That kind of thing get you court-martialed, Dave.
Make her, make you go out with her.
Run that shit.
Run that flagpole.
Run that up HR's flagpole.
Uh-huh, and then you, she gets fired.
You get her job.
You get it three times.
Listen, you have a, you have a perfect out here and it's that you don't think it's ethical.
Say, listen, girl, I want us to be together.
I love your look.
I love your style.
I love your ways and your moves, but I can't, I can't two, two people who both work at TJ
Maxx in the infant and mom section, they can't date each other because what if, what if it goes raw?
But what if she loves you so much that like she quits her job and then you're just like,
oh, I was kidding.
Well, then she quits her job.
She's not your boss.
Problem solved.
Oh, okay.
I love it.
It's win-win.
Yeah, she can't make trouble.
I mean, she could go out to the parking lot and slash your tires or something, but she
can't make trouble for you in the office anymore.
I'm upset about how you think of TJ Maxx as some sort of feudal hierarchy where the boss
can make you an indentured servant.
There's a tiered system.
You're my dating slave.
Yeah.
I'm a, oh, I'm, I work at TJ Maxx.
I'm a serf.
It's great.
The hours are awful and I have to marry whoever my boss tells me to, but it's okay because
I get an acre of land.
TJ Maxx named the business after himself.
He's clearly a despot.
So obviously.
Right, exactly.
There's a feudal system.
Tiberius Jonas Maxx is an asshole.
Yeah.
I'm naming you.
I'm naming you Lord of Incidentals.
You shall be the ruler of all the intimate section.
I was going to say that TJ Maxx is part of the 1%, but I don't think I've ever crossed
the threshold of a TJ Maxx.
Is that a ladies' store?
It's like a-
It's an everyone's store, Griffin.
The thing I know about it is that they provided most of all the outfits from Sally Jessie
Raphael.
Oh, okay.
So most of her clothing came from TJ Maxx.
A lot of good looks on that show, so.
Yeah.
And those glasses?
Yeah.
Don't mind if I do.
I'll take two.
I'll take four because I want to do it in 20 Does.
Speaking of 20 Does, this has been My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the
modern era.
Thank you so much for listening and for fjording into the next year with us by your side.
So much more good stuff to come.
We had an amazing 2011 because, mainly because of you guys at home listening to us.
We got to do some live shows.
We'll do some more this year.
I'm sure of it, but thank you for all your support and spreading the word to friends
and everything.
It means a lot.
It means a lot to me.
It means a lot to me, I guess.
I want to thank John Roderick and The Long Winters for letting us use their song, It's
a Departure, off the album, Putting the Days to Bed, which is it still $5?
I saw a tweet somewhere that said it was $5 somewhere.
It was $5.
I don't know.
Let me check while you're doing your announcements.
Just buy it.
No matter what.
It doesn't matter what the price is.
Just buy it.
It doesn't need to be $5.
It's so good.
It's worth upwards of like $8.
Yeah.
And you're, well, what?
Maybe more.
I would say.
I don't know how money works.
I would say it's worth it.
I personally paid $15 for it and have not regretted it.
I bought the CD, and then I bought it on vinyl.
So I spent at least $45 on that record.
Whoa.
For $45 and a lot of credibility.
Yeah.
Just buy a CD already.
It was on Amazon.
It was on the Amazon Streamys.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
They're streamers.
Yes, you can get any Long Winters album right now on Amazon for $5.
Do that.
Trust me.
Go there.
Get Putting the Days to Bed.
Get The Worst You Can Do Is Harm.
Get Whenever I Pretend To Be.
Get When I Pretend To Fall.
Get Ultimatum.
Do you know what you can get for less than $5?
Any of the other podcasts, the delightful podcasts on the Maximum Fun network.
Go give them a try.
Jordan Jesse Go.
Stop podcasting yourself.
Judge John Hodgman.
Get at them.
Check out Bullseye.
That launches this week, this Wednesday, I think.
You're going to love it.
If you're interested in working with Max Fun, I believe they're still looking for an intern.
And so if you're interested in that, you can go to Maximum Fun dot org slash internships
and check it out.
Yeah.
If you're in the L.A., you just need to be in the L.A. area.
Thanks to everybody who tweeted about the show with the NBA hashtag.
I see that that our friend Richard Porzak not only tweeted about the show, but is wearing
a My Brother, My Brother and Me T-shirt in his icon.
So which is pretty, pretty amazing.
Thanks to Bombfall, Dirtland, Stephen Kelso, the Mike Bachman, Devon Goodsell, everybody.
Aaron M., Office Memo.
You've all been so good to us this year.
Locked by Proxy.
Everybody who's tweeting about the show, as always, Church's Wife and everybody.
You really helped us spread the word and helped to help us have a great year.
So thank you.
So we love you.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
This final Yahoo is sent in by Cody Cowan.
Thank you, Cody.
It's by Yahoo answers user Sessi, who asks,
What time does Pizza Hut open?
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
And this is My Brother, My Brother and Me.
Kiss your dad's score on the lips.
Thanks.
Keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart, three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Play your part, play your part.
