The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to My Brother, My Brother and Me, an advice show for the modern
era. Griffin, it's the most wonderful time of the year because it's time to pay the piper.
Hmmmm. Bill's come due. Chuckle Bill has come due. You're not talking about the tax burden,
the remarkable tax burden. Yeah, your ha ha tax. I'm confused. Who's Chuckle Bill?
Travis, for every chuckle that we distribute, we have to then pay to the American government
for 25% based on our tax bracket. Actually, they get 25% of our gefahs? We increased our chortles
by a significant amount this year, I would say, just based on how the show has grown,
and now we have to pay back 35%. Wow. Our last bracket is through the roof, and this is the
one time of year where we come to you and we're just like, open them up. Open them up. Let me see
them wallets. Open up the wallets. Let me dig around in there, and when I'm done, you will know.
This wallet. Cause I'm gonna wreck your wallet. What is in this wallet? Is this a diner's club
card? Oh, this wallet smells awful, but the money's good. Oh man, it spins. It may smell like
an old man's sock drawer, but it spins just right. On a different note, while you guys are thinking
about wallets, think about why you kept that fortune cookie fortune, cause it's not as funny
as you think it is. On the subjects of wallets, I ain't trying to discriminate. Let's see those
purses too. Ladies, pop them open. Pop them open, flip it upside down, shake it out, and let's just
see. I'll take your crystal light powder that you mix with water. I don't care. I need a refreshing
beverage on the go. The tax is due. It's Max Fun Drive 2012. I'm excited because we get to record
a lot of extra stuff for people who keep this network going, and this is the one time of year
that we asked you guys to help us keep it running. I'm excited because we are just fucking running on
fumes over here. I've had nothing to eat for the past four days except for saltines and saltine
water, which is when I crumble up saltines into water and make like a protein slurry.
With no protein, it's really not a good nutritional option. So this is the Max Fun Drive
2012. Of course, you can go right now to maximumfun.com. It's not maximumfun.com.
Maximumfun.org. It's okay. I've only been here for a year and a half. Do you guys remember
back when we joined the Max Fun and we were so happy? We used to be the new kid on the block.
Last year, we were the new baby, the new face, but now we are the wizened older brother to
throwing shade and technically international waters. I think we're adopted, guys. I'm
worried we might be adopted. Have you noticed how we don't look anything like Jesse? We don't dress
as well or anything. He's very tall. We are all, I would say, stocky. Stocky is fair. Hey, let's
get into some advice. Well, let's introduce ourselves first, maybe. Oh, hey, fuck. I'm
Justin McElroy. I'm your rich uncle, Justin McElroy. If you need to see more, open them up.
I'm your upper middle class brother, Travis McElroy. I am the one percent but on the bottom
part of Griffin. Griffin is the other end of the bell curve. This is our advice show. We'll talk
more about Max Fun Drive here in a second, but first, let's get to some advice. First question
comes in to us from Confused in Calgary who asks, I am going to be moving to a town in the Arctic
this summer and in the Arctic, there we go, in the Arctic this summer and I don't have enough
room for all my stuff. I'm only going up there for a few months and I have storage space lined up for
everything I can't take. How should I prioritize what to bring and what to leave behind? I'm going
to be honest, I don't think it's a good like line of goofing, but all I could think is like parkas
and harpoons and that's probably not- I might actually be racist. A little bit, yeah. Oh no.
Yeah, you might have tapped a vein there. We haven't even fought with Eskimo racism yet.
Oh man, we're gonna get deep. This is the show to do it too when we're finally asking them for
money. Well, not them. No, I'm asking them specifically for money. Hey, open your wallet
and dip in you it. You dick. All right, idiot. Well, hey, how about this? Don't go there.
Do you know how cold it is? Why didn't you come to us for advice when you were like,
hey brothers, thinking about freezing my nuts out for three months. What's the scoop?
Hey brothers, I just saw Grizzly Man followed by Into the Wild and man, I just can't stop thinking
about how I want to go to a cold place and die. Hey brothers, I want to live my very own Terra
Nova with me as Robert Falcon Scott leading an ill-fated band of explorers to the South Pole.
Oh Lord, the toes come off in the boot. What can I do? Please help me. Extra toes. Can you pack
extra toes? Brack, bring extra toes. Bring your ticket home when you realize you made a dumb
choice. That's the only thing you need. Extra toes and your ticket home. It's too cold up there. It's
not meant for people. It's meant for bears. Native Americans built a bridge in ancient times from Asia
to Alaska so they could hoof it out of there. Now, I'm sorry, Justin. Yes. You do realize they did
not build that bridge, right? It was a natural land bridge. They built a land bridge. What else
were they going to build it out of, Travis? Plexiglass? Of course it's a land bridge.
Exactly. You paint with the medium that's given to you and they had a shit ton of land until
we came in and snatched it. Hey Bill, bring some of that land over here. Boy, I bet they wish they
had not been so wasteful with their land as to build a bridge out of it had they known that we
were going to come for it so hard. I'll be the first to say it. Not a very good bridge because
where's that shit today? Yeah, how's your longevity? Not good? I am sorry to the Native
American people for that. That was fucked up. Everything you said. We really blew it.
Not the jokes, but what we did. I'm sorry about that. I wouldn't do that today.
I'm sorry for us. I mean, obviously, whenever I go into any sort of situation where I'm not going
to have access to all my beautiful things, my baubles that I bought with the money of Max
Fundlisters, the main concern I have is entertainment. What if I'm bored? That's the
terror that keeps me up. And you know what? The amazing thing about our modern age is that you
can do things like the Kindle and laptops and condense all your media and stuff into one tiny
container. Yeah. One single geocache and then hide it in the snow where no one will come for it.
Yeah, that would be my very first thought. Get a Kindle or a Nook or an iPad or whatever.
Can they get a Nanook? Get a Nanook.
Wow. It's one of those shows, huh? What would you guys bring? What would be the first thing
you would pack if you were leaving your home to accidentally go freeze to death?
I would bring a hatchet and a copy of Gary Paulsen's hatchet so I know what to do because
that kid got out. A-okay. Spoiler. He gets out all right.
I would bring a hatchet hidden inside the book hatchet.
I like it. And you open it up and you get the hatchet out. You say,
okay, what? Ah, my book's a big empty square. Fuck.
Can't read this.
I will say this as a person who's crazy and has taken every opportunity to own knives and
swords throughout my life. This would be like the time to buy a survival knife
with like some flint in the handle and like a compass and shit. That'd be awesome.
Well, preferably you would buy it before you go to the Arctic.
I want an authentic. No, I want an authentic Arctic knife.
You're saying step off the boat. Like, where's the knife store? Oh, fuck. Nobody's here. Nobody.
I'm the only one. It's the Arctic.
Why did I ask them? Why did I ask my brother, my brother,
me if I should do this? I made such a huge mistake.
Where is the local Excalibur store? Oh, those don't exist anymore anywhere
on the planet anyways. Damn it.
By the way, guys, Excalibur is the, it's the name of the, the, the,
how would you even describe it?
A sword.
It's a curio slash weaponry shop.
At the Huntington Mall, you can find Excalibur, which is a store that sells glass baubles.
Like, like I'm talking like porcelain firemen.
It's like glass menagerie shit. Like tiny crystal unicorns.
Well, don't sell them short because they also trade in pewter.
Yeah. Right. Pewter dragons.
Pewter figurines.
And knives and swords and throwing knives.
Non-chaku.
Ninja stars.
Yeah. You can fully go to Excalibur if you're in Huntington.
Like don't miss it because it's a bananas.
Like we don't have niche stores here because there aren't enough niches to support them,
but they, they will combine two niches like our Mexican pancake place.
Flapjack Tanapas.
Also very real. Huntington is really into mashups this year.
Remix.
Have you guys been to the bowler rank, which is like the roller rank only with bowling in it.
So while it's, it's, it's well, but I mean, a ship in harbor, you know.
Griffin, how about you hit me with a yahoo?
Sure. This one was sent in by Lisa Holofield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It is by yahoo answers user EK who asks, is being called thick an insult or compliment?
I am five foot seven and 140 pounds.
This guy called me thick saying he liked it, but all I hear from that is fat.
I do have a donk large booty and muscular thighs,
but I have no curves in my boobs and not really large hips.
So is being called thick a compliment or insult?
I simply can't do this.
I can't Griffin.
I'm trying to stay posy.
I'm trying to march into positivity this.
I have been the entire time you were reading that question.
I was trying to, in my mind, formulate a sentence in which thick could be said in a complimentary
way.
I'm going to go.
You know what?
I think it's complimentary.
Yeah, say it, say it and use it in a sentence.
Travis, you're a real thick guy.
Nope.
Let me try that.
Let me try that.
You kind of look like Alan Thicke.
Oh, that's pretty good, right?
Uh huh.
Listen, thick could mean that like the stuff of which you are constituted is is rigid.
You know, it's like commenting on my density.
Yeah, you can't be you can't be just blown over, you know, and you can't be swayed because
you're you're made from from really hardy stock.
Yeah, you're viscous.
You're you're sturdy, sturdy.
That's good.
Reinforced.
You are a reinforced person.
You're like a McDonald's triple thick milkshake and you're like you get it and you're like,
oh, great.
I'm really going to enjoy this in 30 minutes when it's right when it's sippable through
the straw.
You are like right when it comes out the window.
I see fresh out the window.
When you were just reading that letter, I had a I sort of had this like an animated
character in my mind that was that was supposed to change its appearance as you read the
descriptions because I was building a mental picture.
Sure.
It just started at one and just kind of stayed there like, oh, OK.
Yeah, you look like that.
That's that's understandable.
Maybe you have other gifts.
Maybe maybe these aren't the gifts you should worry about.
Is it possible this person is a dollar and that's what the person meant?
Like you're thick.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yes, obviously.
Well, but the guy said he liked it.
So like I like you're so fucking dumb and I love it.
I love you for it.
You do have a donk large booty and I can't.
I do love your donk large booty.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I have that's like that's like the Starbucks size above Venti.
She didn't hyphenate.
She didn't have a donk large mocha frap.
I almost wish that she had hyphenated donk large as if donk was a modifier for large.
And then I could use that term to describe other things like what?
So is it donk large and donk medium and donk small or is just donk height in the adjective?
So it's like, man, I'm donk thirsty.
Yeah.
I don't think anything can be donk small.
Yeah, no, pretty sure.
Well, except I wish that were true.
That would that would mean a lot to my marital happiness.
Wait, why?
What?
Because he's my dog.
Because my dog's small.
What do you mean?
Donk like you can't.
I just invented a new nomenclature for the gag.
So when you say donk, you're either referring to your butt or your penis.
Yes.
So if donk became penis, it changes the song honky tonk but donk donk to a whole new level.
Yeah, it's a really weird.
Honky tonk but penis but penis.
That hit song that he has.
Oh, girl.
Girl, you have many strengths.
You literally have a lot of I mean, just just pure leg strength.
Just pure.
I bet you're really good at like lifting things.
Powerlifting.
You have that going for you.
You're not very good at finding online forums to ask questions in because you pick the worst one.
But that that that can't stop you.
Don't slow down.
Is saying someone has lifter's legs a compliment?
If I call a lady sturdy, is that all right?
That's not all right.
No, no, it's not all right.
Sturdy sounds like a phrase you use to describe a woman in the Dust Bowl.
Oh, she said she's a she's a hardy woman.
Hardy stock in her Hardy stock.
I'm going to go buy her a larder of Calico.
She is Hardy.
Hey, if I if I want to buy a larder Calico, the only way I'm going to do it is by the support
of Max fun listeners for Max fun drive.
I know you guys are dying to hear about it.
Let's let's pop it off.
Griffin, give me the big pitch before we get into specifics.
Why do we do this?
We do it.
It's not just us.
When you when you support us for the Max fund drive, you're supporting us.
You're supporting Jordan, Jesse, go just John Hodgman.
Stop podcasting yourself throwing shade.
All these these great programs that are totally free on the Max fund network, which are funded.
I would say only slightly by the promotions and money zone stuff that we do, but like
like almost all of it comes from listener donations, which is unbelievably radical.
Since we joined the network last year and started getting the donations from the Max
fund drive, we've been able to grow and do live shows and add more podcasts to the network.
So so that is why we do it.
We really appreciate your support.
Here is how it works.
You go to maximum fun dot org forward slash donate and you're going to have a few different
options there for for your donation.
Our lowest level, which is is just our least expensive level, it no in no way changes how
much we care about you for for making this choice is five dollars.
And that's all I mean, five dollars a month.
And you can do something really great for well for us and also for yourself because
you're helping to support great stuff.
Travis, obviously, when someone donates, they're going to get the gift of entertainment.
They're going to get the gift of feeling good about themselves.
What else can we offer them?
Well, at some of the beginning levels, five dollars a month, the biggest thing you get
you get bonus episodes.
So you get access to content that nobody else gets to see.
You're going to get special episodes with Jordan, Jesse Goh, Judge John Hodgman, Stop
Podcasting Yourself, My Brother, My Brother and Me and the new one, Throwing Shade, along
with three Rift movies where we take some of like the old, you know, educational films
and just mock them.
You you will you will want to hear our bonus episode.
Yeah, it's a special episode has a super special guest at the ten dollar level.
You'll receive Max Fund Friendship bracelets.
Bracelets along with all the content.
You'll get the friendship bracelet and it's a way to show the world that you're a friend
to Max Fund.
It's like when you wear a carnation on a date, you will be able to recognize rad people
by just by one glance at their wrist.
Think of it as like a w w m b m b a m d bracelet.
A j j go a j j h o.
Keep all those characters in your head at once.
That's so these thank you gifts apply only to new monthly donors.
If you're a recurring member whom we love so very much, you're still going to get the
bonus content.
And if you're at the ten dollar level or above, you're still going to get the the Max Fund
Friendship bracelet.
But for all of the levels that are higher, you will need to increase your monthly membership
level to get those thank you gifts.
I really like maximum fun.
I love m b m b a m.
I love throwing shade the new program.
I want to I want to give twenty dollars, thirty five dollars.
I can do that.
Well, let me throw this phrase out to you, Justin.
The Diamond Friendship Circle.
Diamonds are the best gym that there is.
You can join the Diamond Friendship Circle and you'll receive a shiny new stainless steel
water bottle and a handy on the go size screen printed with our simple and tasteful rocket
logo.
You also get the friendship bracelet, all the content, the rift tracks.
Let's go back to the comedy for a little while.
And then after that, we're going to talk about the thirty five dollar level.
And it's really going to take it's really going to take your breath away.
Oh, it'll be like that, like an audible gasp.
You can read about all of the donation levels and gifts and everything you get for supporting
us at Maximum Fund dot org slash donate.
Please go check it out.
We really do need your help to keep growing the show.
And we really appreciate it.
What's the best way to inquire to a potential employer about a job?
I am doing everything I can think of to get this potential employer's attention and make
me a valuable asset for the company in the future.
How often is too often to inquire?
I just do not want to be forgotten.
This particular job is something that would revolutionize my life.
It is something I would want to put my all into.
That's from Aaron in New Zealand.
I think we were raised every time that I ever applied for a job or anything.
Mom and Dad always encouraged me to like call, you know, and check and be like, hey, so I
was just following up on my application and resume and whatnot.
Now, that being said, eventually, when I became the person that was interviewing people for
jobs, I hate that shit.
Yeah, God bless it.
It's so terrible, especially when they call like the next day and you're like, I haven't
even thought about you in 12 hours.
Give me some time.
The fact is, the fact of the matter is, you got to make that big first impression.
You don't get another chance if you make the right first impression.
And I'm not talking with a cold application.
I'm talking about, you know, with an interview or whatever.
You got to make that big first impression because if you do it right, it'll make that
person, they won't be able to stop thinking about you.
It'll be all they think about.
They'll want you to come over and braid hair and stuff.
You got to get that first impression rose, which is, of course, the rose that you get
on the first episode of The Bachelor.
We can't talk about The Bachelor anymore.
Before he fucking like talks to, this is what I love about his show, before that dude talks
to anyone on any substantial level, he gives someone a rose like, yeah, you can stick around,
just based on like how they hit him, how the light catches them when he first sees them.
Like, ah, yeah, she'll do.
She'll, yeah, she's great.
I love her.
She's a sturdy woman.
She came in on a horse.
She could stay.
They do something similar on Flavor of Love, except Flavor Flav does a can of beans in
her face.
It's not a classy show.
It's my first impression, beans.
Please help me be relevant.
I'm forever slipping over that press.
That show has been on in the last five years, right?
I think it's still being recorded.
It's just not airing anymore.
It's just called his life now.
It's just his day to day.
I mean, I think one follow up is like, you should be able to get a pretty good vibe from
it.
If they're stalling you, then I think that, yeah, but I think it should be the same as
like the getting a girl's number, getting a guy's number.
It's like, don't call like that day or the next day because it's probably an interview
process where they're interviewing more than one person for the job.
So they're probably not all taking place on the same day.
So give it like four or five days.
Why don't you watch the TV show The Pickup Artist and then use the skills that you learned
from that show on your potential employer?
You know, Griffin, you joke.
But as someone that's interviewed like countless people.
You like to be seduced.
Interview skills have so much to do with that.
It's the personality, eye contact, being engaged, you know, like answering the questions that's
asked you, being prepared, all of that dressing the part.
Don't roll up in jeans and a t-shirt.
Yeah, that's actually really important.
Don't go, don't go turn in a job application if you're not dressed classy.
Just like a gentleman.
But don't overdress either if you're going to like a retail establishment and you wear
like a suit and tie, the people are going to think you're making fun of them.
That is the first thing they tell you on The Pickup Artist.
Dress over but not under, but not too over.
I think it's like, it's sort of like with sales or anything.
Don't check in just to sort of keep yourself top of mind.
Check in with an intention.
Check in and say like, I'm going to move this process forward.
Process forward or die trying.
So don't call and say like, Hey, I just want to remind you I'm alive.
I wanted to call and get this interview.
Let's get this set up.
Cause I know you want to move on this with me.
I know you're into this as much as I am.
Cause if you show that kind of enthusiasm that says like, Hey, let's book this job.
Let's do this.
I like it.
You're looking thick in those jeans.
Who's your friend?
I'm not interested in you anymore, but now I am.
You want to drink?
Come here.
Is that a direct quote from the pickup artist, Griffin?
That's actually the poster catchphrase.
How is that a gift?
What is on the poster?
You look thick in those jeans.
Who's your friend?
I'm bored with you now.
Now I'm not.
You want to drink?
Come here now.
Eight o'clock on a TV.
Mystery.
Mystery.
Come get it.
Pickup artist.
Have you seen the hat that guy wears?
It's the best hat.
You got an Excalibur.
It's true.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Yeah.
This Yahoo was sent in by Catherine Burgess.
Thank you, Catherine.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Waldo, who asks,
is it possible to marry someone without them knowing?
Oh, no.
Like get them to sign a paper saying you're married without them actually being aware
you're actually getting married.
What if you've actually never met this person?
I want to marry Liam Payne from One Direction, but I've never actually met him before.
And if I ever do meet him, could I have him sign like an autograph that's actually marriage
papers?
How?
Also, how do you cure a phobia of spoons?
What?
Additional details.
I don't have a fear of spoons.
It's Liam's phobia, duh.
I think maybe if I can help him cure this, then he'll marry me.
Also, congrats on your marriage to Neil Patrick Harris.
I heard he's gay now.
What?
Who hold?
Wait.
I don't know where to start.
There's so much going on.
There's so many.
First off, who is Liam Payne?
Who was One Direction?
Is that the fucking Glee Club on Glee?
Oh, wait.
No way.
Is it?
No, no, no, no.
It's a British boy band.
Oh, thank God.
Wait, is that better?
It's like take that or the Beatles.
These guys are the famousest and I've never heard of them.
How famous are they?
Can't be that famous.
Is it spelled right?
Or is it spelled like w-o-n-d-i-r-e-z something?
Guys, you guys are my metric for this stuff though.
Like I'm 31 years old.
If something's huge and I haven't heard of it, I'm out.
I'm out the game.
There's five of these little creeps.
And there is a Daily Mail article that the headline for which is
One Direction to have 20 bodyguards each for their Dallas performance.
And it only lasts 45 minutes.
That's not a very good headline though.
These fools look like they're like 12.
They've got 20 fucking bodyguards each.
And they've all got to learn the dances.
This is ridiculous.
It's the tough part.
So this girl wants to marry.
Let's just say Davy Jones so I can wrap my mind around it.
Well, a live Davy Jones in his prime.
Okay, okay.
She wants to marry a live.
That's something from my time period.
So I can relate to wants to marry leave leave Gallagher.
Is that like I leave Garrett?
I love you leave Garrett.
I love you leave Garrett.
I'm sorry you are so bummed about spoons.
I'm not crazy about them either.
Can we get some sports up in here?
Like I will never serve you soup till death do us part.
I promise.
I love you.
You are missing the best part of this question.
What is that?
The vehicle, the mode, the method,
which this person could take to get a signature on a marriage license.
You're right.
You're right there.
I mean, I need you to sign for this package.
You can do the classic full house,
like scoot up the front page on the science fair form, you know,
and then they sign it.
It's like, oh, field trip to Rome.
Like, that's a good one.
Come on, Comet.
Bye.
Ciao.
I'm riding you out of here, Comet.
I pretended, by the way, just now that Comet was a luck dragon.
Sorry.
You can't trick someone into marrying you, Baba Yaga.
That's not how that shit works.
You trickster.
You knave.
What sound would that person make if it worked?
Would it just be like an audible sort of, whoop, we're married.
Wait, the person who's been tricked or the trickster?
Oh, the trickster.
The person who's been tricked is into indentured servitude for the rest of his life.
She would probably just yell like, I'm your wife now.
And then one of these fools, 20 bodyguards would murder her.
Just like, take the shot right there.
And then he would be a very young popular widow.
Popular widow.
I'm the most famous widow that there is.
The only way you can separate yourself from the rest of new direction choices,
the rest of their bodyguards, is by killing a fan that gets out of line.
Because people are going to remember that kind of dedication.
That's why you carry one of them out.
You think this is the first time this has happened?
A bodyguard killed a fan?
No, I think it happens a lot.
No, I mean secret marriage.
A secret, a fan gets a secret marriage.
Do you know Justin Timberlake is like fucking Cody from Sister Wives?
Because he's got like 20 secret wives.
And that fool will sign anything.
Yeah, sign anything for you.
JT, you have to stop signing things.
Why would you, why would you get to sign a baseball card?
You don't even play baseball.
What are you doing?
I saw these people in my house.
I signed it away.
Nope, just getting punked by my good friend Ashton Kutcher.
That was a real episode.
That, what?
That was a real episode of punk.
Did he sign his, did he sign his, signed a fake wedding?
No, he's, I think, uh, uh, a coach, uh, just rolled up in, in J Tim's house.
And like, it started like taking all his shit away.
And he's like, it's fine, man.
You got repossessed.
It's not, it's not really germane.
Let's move on.
No, no, Griffin, continue.
How's the girl play out?
By all means.
Yeah, he's like, no, I don't hate.
That's my car.
And he takes his car and I gotcha sign this.
That was the name of the show on MTV at eight coaches.
I gotcha.
Sign this, sign this, sign this, please.
They're, they probably actually did have to sign his affidavit.
Oops.
We're married.
Gotcha.
Again.
Sign this now.
Sign another affidavit.
Why does he keep falling for it?
That's my question.
He's not very smart.
No, but God damn, he can dance and act.
And well, dance and sing and sing.
He's a triple threat.
Stop signing.
Stop signing shit.
He can't be legally, fiscally responsible.
That's why he's his own, um, he has lost his own power of attorney.
He actually cannot sign any, it's not legally binding.
If he signs it, it has to be his manager, Lou Pearlman.
I don't, uh, what?
No, go on.
You're right.
No, no, you're right about everything you just said.
Hey guys, how do I break up with my D and D party?
I'm really busy and I haven't been having much fun lately.
I like my friends.
My dwarf is kind of a big part of the party, but I don't have the time to play.
And I don't know how to end it.
Please help.
And that's from Badkins.
Hi, Badkins.
Hello, Badkins.
First off, Badkins, why don't you invite me to your group?
I'm in Huntington.
You're in Huntington.
Let's do this.
Let's quest.
Let's quest together.
Badkins, the answer is so obvious.
It's right in front of your face.
It is time for your dwarf to start playing fast and move.
That's exactly what I was going to say.
Live like you were dying or want to die.
Is that how that, is that what that song's about?
Have you seen this Jeff Bridges movie Fearless that's been going around lately?
That's the life you're living.
You're just standing on the edge of buildings.
Like anytime there's a dragon, you're like, hey, fuck you.
I'm going to solo it.
Yeah.
Eat me up.
Every few minutes.
Every few minutes.
And my dwarf wakes up from his bed and wanders off into a cave, bringing no armaments with him.
No, he doesn't.
No, he doesn't, Badkins.
He doesn't.
He doesn't do that.
No, I'm pretty sure he does.
This is what happened.
Or he puts all of his armor on, walks into the lake.
Oops.
Or how about a completely like non-tragic turn where your dwarf retires from adventuring
to start a life as a blacksmith.
And while your group continues to play in the dungeon, you're off playing a separate
game of balancing the books for your blacksmithery.
And trying to keep some food on your family's table.
He's out the game.
He's out the game.
He can't do this anymore.
Dwarf dies of natural causes that you hint at.
My dwarf's brain feels funny.
My dwarf smells burnt toast.
It's nothing to worry about for a while.
The left side of my dwarf's face is numb.
This is weird.
My dwarf has just gotten a note from the doctor that says it's malignant.
And no, he didn't.
He didn't do that.
I'm the dungeon master.
You can't just make up notes that your dwarf gets.
My cleric heals you.
Oh, it's, it's immagicable.
It's immagicable.
My dwarf can't stop peeing.
Is that trouble?
Do I need to see somebody for that?
A magic doctor.
What's that?
You do not actually have doctors?
That's, that's pretty scary.
I guess I'm going to die then.
Then you've got to kill him off.
If you kill him off, then you can't, then he can't be around on the adventures anymore.
That's pretty obvious, right?
But I think the bigger problem is now you can't tell people in your group to listen to our show.
And, and I don't think you really thought about the repercussions first before you did this.
Um, Justin, would you be up for a swap-a-roo?
A swap-a-rooney?
He taps in, he taps out, you tap in.
I will take over as Grizzlethorne Beerbelly or whatever the fuck.
I will be your dwarf now.
I will take over.
You're a sickly, sickly dwarf.
You're a sickly, decrepit disease.
He lost another tooth.
Lost another tooth.
Damn it.
Guys, I have to stop and put on my robe.
It's not magical.
It's just terry cloth.
He's caught a chill.
I've got to chill.
I have to sit down.
Can we, can we rest please?
Can we please just take a break?
I'm so tired.
Um, the party notices that my dwarf has been having prolonged conversations with people
he cares about and trying to give them things he owns.
Is that, is that a problem?
You hit for one damage again.
What's wrong with your bones?
I'd like to roll to see if the treatment is working.
Oh no.
Nah, critical miss.
Bye.
Critical miss.
Just, will you guys just name a sword after me?
Just, just remember me some way.
Keep me in your heart for a while, uh, and just, and wait an appropriate amount of time
before you hire another dwarf, please.
Please.
And now, uh, I'll do the sad hulk walking away music.
I want you guys to remember me as I was, not as I am and not as this disease will make me.
I'm going to go spend some time with my clan.
I just had the horrifying realization that this thing we are goofing about is something
that it's probably actually happened in a game of Dungeons and Dragons without, like,
sans goofing.
Like a real, someone tried to work like a natural death in their storyline and, like,
had to, like, act it out to the point where, like, laying on the bed.
Like, I've always loved.
Oh, bye guys.
Oh, my dad's here.
My mom's here, I gotta go.
I have a date, okay?
I have a date.
There, I know.
I've been married for three years.
I can't do this with you fools anymore.
Please remember me as I was and make sure that you take my jewels back to my fake in-game wife.
And save my character sheet and cryogenically freeze my fake body.
God damn, I miss Dungeons and Dragons.
Yeah, man, it's good.
It's a good time.
Can we start, like, a D&D podcast so I have an excuse to do this every week?
Is this something we can do over the internet?
Let's just turn this dumb show into a weekly D&D session.
We don't need to do advice anymore.
Let's fucking go on a quest.
We can do D&D advice.
Yeah.
That's what our advice roll for initiative.
Hey, we should do that as a bonus episode instead of our current plan.
Or just play D&D together, make people listen to it.
I mean, I got all the stuff if we need it.
This is getting too close to reality.
I want it to be on reality.
I want it to be on and in it.
Well, let's think about it.
Let's not do anything too hasty.
I don't want to rush into it and then later have to fake my own death.
Oh, shit.
Fake your own death.
Die in the game, fake your death in the game, and then in, like, three months, smash into
a window and be like, what's up?
But smash it through your actual, like, friend's window.
Yeah, right.
No, no, no.
Yeah, absolutely.
But you got to work that out with the DM first.
You got to say, listen, I'm going to fake my own death and I want you to conspire with me.
Well, I'm bumming myself out.
What if I love podcasts, right?
Okay.
And I say I have an extra $35 a month that I could donate to those podcasts to help them
out, help keep the funny coming.
What would you give me in exchange for that?
Well, I would make a case that you shouldn't donate to any old podcast.
You should donate to our podcast network, which is maximum fun.
We have described the $5 and $10 and $20 levels.
At $35 a month, it is the Judge John Hodgman's Post-Apocalyptic Justice Squad.
For $35 a month, you get all this stuff we talked about before.
You get the stainless steel water bottle.
You get the friendship bracelet.
You get all the donors-only episodes.
Can't vouch for the quality of the rest, but ours is going to be totally dope.
You also get our highly collectible, totally proprietary Friendship Emergency Kit,
which includes MaxPhone playing cards, some Mad Libs, which is different from Sad Libs,
two bubblegum cigars, two packets of Alka-Seltzer, two temporary tattoos,
headphone splitters for your friends to share media, a box of Kashi Good Friends
breakfast cereal, best friends' necklaces, and also a half bag of Tonks coffee.
I'm sorry, I read that wrong.
It's Donk Large Coffee.
Yeah, Tonks coffee.
Can you tell me about Tonks, Griffin?
What is Tonks?
I'm not familiar with the brand.
I believe that is one of the wizards in Harry Potter with a lady wizard, right?
Yep, that lady wizard went to make some coffee.
She is a lady wizard and a cofiteer.
Tonks is a coffee that gets delivered right to you, and it's fresh and delicious, right?
And it's fresh roasted with care, so it's none of that stale stuff that sits on the
shelves at supermarkets forever.
It's fresh roasted.
And it's not that bullshit, that bullshit shit that you put in, it's like a little cup,
and you put the cup in the machine, and then it makes you a bigger cup of coffee.
It makes Christ sad.
And each one is like eight and a half dollars.
Yeah, Tonks is like Netflix, but instead of getting movies in the mail, you get coffee
to do it.
But you get a free half bag of that also.
So it's everything you basically need to survive an Arctic expedition.
And we would really, really, really, the support means so much to us, guys, and it helps us
to do this show and keep it running and do cool stuff like live shows and everything.
And here's the important thing.
When you donate, when you commit, when you support us, make sure that you tell them you're
supporting my brother, my brother and me.
Even if you don't like our show and you like the other shows better, we are Baptist, so
we will guilt you in a way that you will not be comfortable with.
If you don't support us with money, then we know that you don't love us.
That's facts.
That's facts.
That's love in our house.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're passing the hat.
It's time for you to tithe.
If 10 percent of you just take your monthly salary, divide by 10.
Give us one of them.
Let's move on to the third stanza of our of our podcast, as long as we're keeping the
Baptist theme being back.
This is so great to get all these jokes.
Yeah, I have recently embarked on a year long personal crusade to shed a bunch of extra
LBs.
I've got a lot to lose, so I've broken it down into 20 pound milestones.
So I have goals to plan against.
And the first one is coming up soon.
In general, I fit the heavy set ponytail bearded nerd stereotype.
So recently had the idea I should probably mix it up each 20 pound milestone, cut my
hair, shave my beard, start dressing a little nicer.
Do you guys have any other ideas for potential me changers, health style or otherwise?
That's trying to rock it in Rochester.
First of all, good on you.
Yeah, good on you.
I love this question so much I could faint.
Getting it in 20 does.
Get that he does, you were getting it.
Here is something that I and it's an attitude thing that I actually learned from from Jesse
are our podcast down and have tried to sort of implement it in my day to day life.
And it's that when you're talking about stuff for yourself, grooming, hygiene, style, whatever,
sometimes the quickest, cheapest way, the most efficient way is not is not always the
best because you're sending a signal to yourself that you the stuff for you is is is worth
rushing through or is worth cheaping out on.
For example, example here that I'm on board with is the is the wet shave.
You use a brush, you do the foam, you use a safety razor.
It's great.
It's how old men did it.
And it's how you could do it.
And it and it's awesome because it takes a little longer.
But it's it's also it also will save me some money in the long run.
But it's a it's a real sort of like ritualistic way of approaching it.
And it's not the fastest way or the easiest way.
But it sends a message to yourself that, hey, I'm taking care of me.
I'm worth it.
And you're saying at every at this next upcoming 20 pound milestone, he starts he starts the
wet shave.
I say start the wet shave.
Do a little research that you can look at to put this on the episode that that talks
about I think the episode just about grooming in general.
But it'll tell you how to wet shave.
There's a lot of resources out there about it.
But get into it.
It's fun.
And also make sure I love the physical appearance and caring about all that.
Make sure that you're, you know, taking care of your mental self as well.
So maybe on the next milestone, you try something, you know, food or beverage related that you've
never tried before, something a little adventurous and maybe find that you have a great palette
for wine or you really like Italian food, you know, something new.
Wait, hold the fuck up, Travis.
What are you are you saying?
But as to reward yourself on this quest to lose weight, what you should get into is wine
and Italian food.
OK, let me strike that.
Oh, yeah.
I lost 60 pounds.
Time to go to the O.G. and gain it all back.
What about carb up and slurp down?
I will have all the fujul.
Let me see all the fujul that you got on your shelf.
Well, just let me introduce myself.
I'm fat again.
Then can I say art?
Yes, not only can you say art, you should have said art.
I'm going to double back and say art.
You can't.
You can't.
I can't.
You guys edit out your shit all the time.
He's right about that.
He is not wrong.
So let's say rather than food and beverage, let's say culture and maybe go to a museum
or go to see a ballet or go to see a symphony, something, you know, that maybe you're not
normally into and you just want to check out and see if maybe you dig it.
You guys are thinking so small scale.
I am I am amazed at you.
This guy is offering us a chance.
Every 20 pounds he loses, he can totally and completely reinvent his entire persona,
so much so that his friends won't recognize him.
Like you lose 20 pounds, cut your hair, shave your beard, wear sunglasses constantly and
say your name is now Roz.
Lose another 20 pounds.
Maybe you go hit the tanning bed constantly and you bleach your teeth and then you change
your name again to Brock or the Brock or the Mr.
Mr.
The Brock.
And then next time you're going to be really fit.
Maybe get that asshole bleach.
Let's see if we can't get a porn career.
Lose 40 pounds.
Bleach that asshole.
Regain 20.
Where are you at now?
Your friends don't know which side they're coming from.
Lose 40 pounds of fat.
Regain 20 pounds of fuck muscle.
Get in there.
What is that?
It's what you use to thrust.
It's the thrusters.
Yeah, it's your thrusters.
I just gotta get your thrusters going and your afterburners.
I learned these.
I'm going to take you to the hyper space.
Try a barrel roll.
Girl, I got bad news.
Our shields are failing.
Girl, girl.
Fire up the tachyon cannons.
Oh, man.
I need some more dilithium crystals, by which I mean meth.
Of course, in that case it would be fuck meth because it's the meth that you use for sex.
I learned in school that every muscle is a fuck muscle or you're just not doing it right.
What class was that in?
What school were you going to?
Health school.
Health school.
You dummy.
So, I'm excited about this man in the midst of a change.
If you want to, keep us updated.
Yeah, keep us updated.
Let us know what your current name is.
In fact, you know what?
I'm going to lay it out there more.
I'm giving this man the greatest gift, which is accountability.
If you don't send us pictures of you as you continue to lose 20 pounds and how you're reinventing.
Fully clothed.
I can't stress this enough.
Then you will have failed us.
We're giving you the gift of accountability.
We need you to get fit.
Roz.
And to bleach that asshole.
Don't show us that one.
Roz.
Don't show us that you can tell us about the asshole and we'll trust you.
Show us a receipt for the procedure.
Unless it depicts an asshole.
I don't know why it would.
Is this your business card?
That's disgusting.
Going over his transcript, it looks like he did just spend $80 at the asshole factory.
Which is of course where you get new assholes.
Fresh off the line.
It's actually-
Man, if you go to the asshole factory, you're just discounting all the mom and pop asshole stores.
Like, asshole in the walls.
But the asshole factory is really nice because you get to let the kids stuff themselves and
they get to pick different accessories for them and they get to name the assholes.
Build an asshole.
Build an asshole at the asshole factory.
That's a better approach.
Do you want a Yahoo?
Griff.
Yeah, I do.
This one was sent in by Sydney Pendle.
Thank you, Sydney.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Sleddog who asks,
why won't my dad let me have any Steve Urkel objects?
I like Steve Urkel.
But my dad won't let me have a shirt, a doll, anything Steve Urkel.
But I want Steve Urkel stuff.
What can I do to get Steve Urkel stuff?
Who the fuck calls him Steve Urkel?
Like, if I knew where to get Steve Urkel stuff, you know what I would have more of?
Steve Urkel stuff?
Steve Urkel stuff, yeah.
I would have it every day, people wouldn't know me as Justin McElroy,
video game writer and media gadfly.
They would know me as Justin McElroy,
the guy who wears the shirt that says, did I do that?
Got any cheese?
Yeah, these are all great Steve Urkel jokes.
I remember a kid in elementary school who 100% did have a fully rad t-shirt
that had a picture of Steve Urkel and just that just said, did I do that?
He was, of course, scooting his glasses up his nose.
Yeah.
Oh wait, I have an important question for this question asker,
which is beside a Steve Urkel doll and a Steve Urkel shirt,
what the fuck other Steve Urkel stuff is there?
And by the way, I just love the nomenclature Steve Urkel objects.
Where can I find a Steve Urkel totem?
This belongs in a Steve Urkel museum.
I actually, in elementary school, I had a t-shirt with Cody from Step by Step on it.
Didn't catch on so much.
Didn't get me as much critical acclaim as this Steve Urkel shirt might have.
It had Cody's hit catchphrase on it.
Which was?
Which was, yeah, right.
He said that all the time on Step by Step.
I did not.
I don't remember that.
I remember the episode that Steve Urkel was on.
Mm-hmm.
I'm gonna give you guys, let's say that this,
okay, so apparently this person's never heard of eBay.
I'm gonna help them out and say like, here's where you can get your Steve Urkel stuff.
So here are some of the items that you can no bullshit get right now.
You can get a 1991 Hasbro Steve Urkel 17 inch doll that talks.
And it does say here returns not accepted.
I don't want this shit back in my house ever again.
I'm tired of this doll trying to kill me at night.
This is the person who thought the Steve Urkel movement would be bigger.
And they just ordered like a wholesale on mass boxes and boxes of Steve Urkel dolls.
Must move.
Oh my God.
You can get right now a box of an unopened box of Urkel-O's the fruit,
the fun fruit cereal that does not contain any cheese,
but does contain essential vitamins and minerals.
And it is flavored like strawberry and banana from the fine people of Ralston.
You can get that for a starting bid of 74.95.
No takers at the moment.
Wait, just to clarify, did you say opened or unopened?
It doesn't matter, Travis.
Okay.
As porous as that cardboard is, you are paying $75 to get diarrhea forever.
There is a shirt that has a picture of Steve Urkel with like that cool sort of neon scribbling
that was so big in that time period that says, no sweat, my pet.
Oh, Jesus.
You can pick that up and you can also get a WWD shirt that says, what would Urkel do on it?
Or, okay, this is the last one, I promise.
You can get the Urkel board game called, Do the Urkel.
Board game called Do the Urkel dance.
It's just called Do the Urkel.
It's a risk and roll game.
Okay, this is actually the tagline.
The risk and roll game that lets you be Urkel.
Finally.
Thank God.
Finally.
God, we were into that, huh?
Yeah.
We were deep in.
Can you real quick just eBay search Cody from step by step?
I will.
I bet you can actually buy the man.
Let me see what I get with no returns.
No returns.
No, no items.
I'm so sorry.
I mean, where do you think step by step went wrong?
Do you think the problem is that it was Family Matters?
Yes, I think-
That was their first slip up is that America's heart, there's a family size hole in America's
heart, which was profoundly filled by Family Matters.
And then step by step came in.
It's like, hey, can we just scooch?
Can we, oh, nope.
Oh, and then to be fair, Cody did leave about two or three seasons in and was replaced by
Flash, who was on just massive amounts of speed.
I think the problem was it was like the Brady Bunch, except where you wanted to have sex
with too many of the girls.
And it got pretty emotional.
Unlike the Brady Bunch?
I don't understand.
Unlike the, yeah, sorry.
Plus, you know what the other problem was?
It was confusing to try to remember-
Who was with which one?
Yeah.
Who was with which family?
It wasn't that clear.
Brady Bunch had it, right?
After a while, they started, I guess, morph into one solid family unit, and I hated it.
I wanted them to stay on separate sides and continue to dislike each other forever and
ever.
You were looking for a Game of Thrones-style family battle.
Do you think that there's a separate side series to the Brady Bunch that features the
two parents that they divorce just living cold, lonely lives where they never see their
children ever?
Here's a story about a guy named Jeff and a lady named Mary.
They never mate, and then they died.
So alone, they never heard from their kids again because their kids have new brothers
and sisters.
Their kids never mentioned them.
They seem to have forgotten them or that they ever even existed at all.
So Jeff and Mary live lives of desperation, renting movies at the red box, and that's
the way they became depressed and forgotten, dead and forgotten.
They are dust now, and their memories evaporated.
It's like they never were born.
That was dumb.
That was dumb.
Oh man, that's a tough life they led.
We sure do have a good time here, my brother, my brother, and me.
Well, let's get serious.
Let's get serious.
Every year-
Hey guys, we've had a lot of laughs today.
Every year, Jaleel White dies a little bit more.
Just trying to get that comeback.
We really need your money so that we can go on eBay and buy some more Stivercal stuff.
Will, other than Dancing with the Stars, which is where he is right now, right this second,
will Jaleel White ever be on another hit television program?
The Bachelor.
Do you know the madness that would ensue if he were to roll up on-
I don't-
Literally anything?
Like what would be the show?
Where would he have to-
It would have to be Big Bang Theory, right?
No.
Like he would have to roll up on Big Bang Theory as-
As Stivercal.
No, I don't want-
As a professor at the-
Oh my God, I would lose my mind.
Not that I would see it, but I would presumably see it later on YouTube or something.
I will also accept a community guest spot.
I'm saying-
I want him to explore his dramatic roots, and I want him to maybe hop on Southland as like,
I'm Detective Humphries.
And everybody else is like, no, you're definitely not.
Guys, we've had a lot of fun.
We're about to wrap up the show, but just real quick.
The last few gift levels.
If you donate $50 a month to our Max Fund Drive to help support the show and keep us afloat and grow,
and $50 a month, you are a member of the Thorn Family Blondie Brigade.
You will get all this stuff, the John Hodgson Friendship Emergency Kit, the water bottle,
the friendship bracelet, all the Donors Only episodes.
You will also get a batch, a homemade batch, I should say, of Jesse and Teresa Thorn's signature
blondies. They will FedEx these blondies to your door.
I hear they use special preservative chemicals in it to make sure the blondies don't get riddled
with male worms.
You are going to love eating these with your mouth.
So sweet, so savory, from famous people.
You are going to love them, I guarantee it.
That's the $50 a month.
$100 a month, you're a member of Jesse's Golden Eagles.
You get an invitation to the Max Fun Dinner, which is a thing we do every June before
Max Fun Con starts, where you get to just eat dinner with us and with John Hodgman and Jesse
and Jordan.
Well, we don't know who will be.
We don't know.
We can't promise.
We can't promise who will be there, but...
Last time, me and Griffin had dinner with John Hodgman and Chuck Bryant from Stuff You
Should Know, and it was great.
It was totally rad.
Neil Pollock was there.
It was bananas, actually.
So you get that, you get the blondies, you get the friendship kit, the water bottle,
the friendship bracelet, and the episodes.
And if you really want to keep us lined with piles of sweet cocoa, you can donate $200
a month and join Jordan's Platinum Angels.
You get all this stuff, the invitation to the dinner, all that stuff, and free registration
to next year's Max Fun Con, which is Maximum Fun's annual convention that we are going
to be at this year in June.
So just go to MaximumFun.org forward slash donate and just look over the levels, reach
into your heart, grab the love that you have for us that's in there, and then pull it out
and then put it on your computer screen, smear it on it.
And guys, do us a favor.
After you listen to this episode, go on Twitter and let us know when you donate, because we
like to know that you're supporting us and make your friends feel guilty.
And you can be superior over everyone else that has not donated.
That's the big thing.
Like, just use that Max Fun Drive hashtag and just be like, hey, listen, fools.
I donate it.
And then start bullying other people into it, because that's the whole point of feeling
superior, I thought.
Don't get on Twitter, though, and use that hashtag and talk about how we're big Corpo
sellouts, because we really only do this once a year.
And the return really is overwhelming.
And we just we love you guys so much.
Thank you, John Roger, for the long one.
Let's use their song.
It's Departure off the output of Dayspend.
You can go grab that.
Thank you to everybody tweeting about the show and sending us questions and everything.
We we love you very much.
We appreciate all that.
And if you want to send us a question, it's NBNBAM at maximumfund.org.
And we will try to answer it or you can send it to Yahoo there or what have you.
Griffin.
This final Yahoo answer was sent in by Mark Toretsky.
Thanks, Mark.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Corrin Piper Chifinch.
Who asks, is it normal for a woman to arrive on a date dressed as a clown?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This is my brother.
My brother may kiss your dad.
You wear it on the lips.
I listen to actually every show on Max Fund.
You could say relentless positivity.
That's probably a good way of putting it.
They're always looking at things in the way I'd like the world to be looked at.
Hi, I'm Davin.
And I'm Lindsay.
And we donate to maximumfund.org.
Probably my brother.
My brother and me was the first full episode I listened to.
Yeah, NBNBAM was a pretty great way to start her off because those McElroys are charming.
Listen to people be friends.
Best thing.
I'm super excited about throwing shade and it's so funny and it's so charming.
Yeah, honestly, I feel like every year Max Fund adds new shows.
And every year I step up my donation to make sure that more shows can join.
Yeah, I think it's really easy to support people who make fantastic things.
I get a ridiculous amount of entertainment from Max Fund every month and it doesn't cost me a lot.
Support Maximum Fund today.
Just visit maximumfund.org slash donate.
Thank you.
