The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
Here's a yahoo that was sent in by Matt Estevez. Thank you, Matt. It's by yahoo answers user Yoville
posted in arts and humanities
history
Yoville asks, what are the ranks in the Illuminati?
Name all of the ranks or anything
They name all of the ranks or anything they use to describe theirself as
Well, there's the Bluebirds and the Cardinals and the Bluebirds are the more advanced Illuminati and the Cardinals are the ones that need
some help
Is that some red wall shit? No, it's like a that's like elementary school stuff. I
I think that if anyone answers this question, then they're not Illuminati
Because they would know better than yeah, because they would know better than to reveal the secrets
Let me bounce something that yahoo answers user armor
armor world
Responded with very helpful stuff from wrong
They said the leader of the Earth's Illuminati. So that's a pretty fucking crazy six words right there
The leader of the Earth's Illuminati is called the Pindar
Cool, the Pindar is a member of one of the 13 ruling Illuminati families and is always male. That's kind of fucked up
but
It's 2014
But really now there's probably a good reason for that in this next sentence
The title Pindar is an abbreviated term for pinnacle of the Draco
Also known as the penis of the dragon. Ah, I was so hoping that's what it would be
The penis of the dragon is probably my favorite Stephen King book
He doesn't get a lot of credit, but I'm deeply into it. Yeah. All hail me the penis of the dragon
Why are you giggling? Why are you all giggling? You're the worst Illuminati Scott
Scott
Scott Illuminati
Scott Illuminati, I hear you giggling underneath your innate mask
It must be so frustrating to be a member of the Illuminati as everybody is like just spreading out this shit and you want to say
Like hey, that's not true. That's not how it's work. It's gooch of the dragon
I'm the goochess, but you I am the goochess of Earth's Illuminati
Wouldn't it be hard to be the penis of the dragon and then somebody cuts in line in front of you at the Chinese buffet
And you're like cuz they want the last the coconut shrimp and you're like
Hey
You better not do that and they look at you why and you got and you just have to stare at the floor
It's like I can't I never mind, but you better not do it. I'm the penis
I'm the enus pay of the agandre
Just pay you just make a triangle with your fingers
Get it get it and then you put that triangle close to your crotch to make it look like a penis tip
And then you flap your wings like a dragon
The shrimp is yours you win I'm leaving
There do have to be like certain levels of
Illuminati you can't just start as like full-fledged like on the the council Illuminati
You've got to start as like junior Illuminati, right?
I think there's a sure-fire like I don't know how anybody finds out about it
But I've seen the yahoo's that drew Davenport since in if that cat has not found how to get into the Illuminati yet
I don't think anybody ever well, yeah, it seems like he probably would have unearthed it by now
Well, but how are you just are you suggesting Travis that maybe there's like an Illuminati Awana's program?
Illuminati
Brownies or something. Yeah, like you're a Cub Scout Illuminati, you know, you start you're making Pinewood Derby first
And then ten years later, you're ruling the world. You're controlling all the bank cartels and shit
Yeah
They're not just gonna like first day Illuminati hand you the reins to the American government
Yeah, I won't even admit that you're in it
First you gotta be really careful. They want to admit the Illuminati existence
So you're a couple ranks in sometimes it's just people trying to trick you out of your rent money
So wait, am I in the Illuminati or not? Well, I guess
Six months in it's like hey, you didn't show up to our bowling game on Tuesday
Oh, so it is a bowling league fuck guess wrong again shit
Do you think when you start off in the Illuminati?
They let you like control a student government and I just see how you do it
The first the first thing you control is is a fantasy football
That's where you start in the Illuminati, but no one can know about it
My name is Scott Jenkins and I'm running for Huntington High School's tip of the Dragon Penis
Just a tip please vote Scott
I'm gonna sort down the lunch signs on Taco Tuesday vote for me for Dragon Penis
I
Seen you run in the halls. I have cameras everywhere
Scott the principal comes to him in a robe. Tell me what to do
Milkshake machine
It's really the final level of adulthood and
You you may think that you are ready for it when when you actually buy a house
You are not ready for it because it's still very bizarre to me that there are whole areas in my house
If I open a door to them and I look at them
I don't know what they do like I don't know what they are or like why they are I had a thing
Do you live in the Winchester house? What are you talking about? No open a door to a closet. You're like, what is this?
No, I'm talking. Okay. I'll give you an example a couple weeks ago
I went down to turn the furnace on for the first time
I guess it would have been a month or so ago now
I go down and turn the furnace on for the first time and I see this thing called that
There's like a humidifier that sort of like built into
The system there that like as far as I know I've never used and I was like, whoa
I could be having more humid air this whole time, but I didn't really know how it works. I kind of turned some things and
Open a valve and did all that kind of business and I was like, hmm. Okay humidity
Oh boy, I go down three days later
My basement carpet is fucking soaked like literally standing water in my basement carpet water
Everywhere because this thing just apparently it's like humidifying GM is just spitting water randomly. Yeah, so I've ruined my house
So you just boarded up the basement and you call that one. I don't yeah, I don't have that
It really is a weird island
It really is weird like how many times have you been in your attic Justin?
Twice a year once to get the Christmas lights out and once to put them back. Okay, I've been in our attic twice
once when we like right when we moved in and then
Again, when our HVAC unit up there stopped working and that was after that
We had roofers come and replace every single shingle on our roof a month after we moved in home ownership fucking rules you guys
And I realized that in nailing those new shingles in they had turned our attic
into a fucking hellraiser pain box
because there are
Infinity nails coming through the ceiling. It's like it's like a goddamn Iron Maiden up there
So no, I don't think I don't think I will ever be going into that room again. Thanks
What on earth were you planning to do about your broken HVAC unit when you went up there?
I thought I got what was your did you think there would be a switch that said broken and you would just flip it to?
Fixed like is that is that what you were hoping for? He was gonna reason with it. I went up there
I was using my phone's flashlight and I had a fucking hex wrench from an Ikea cabinet. I had bought and so
Ready to do battle with it like seeing what I could do up just surveying the you know what?
Yeah, honey. I tightened a couple of hex bolts and it started working again. Apparently just all the hex bolts were loose
You're laughing. I used that fucking hex wrench to fix our garbage disposal. So you don't know anything about shit, dude
It's it is the universal nano tool
Um, what is it? What is this where does it need to know before they get a house?
You don't know you real please realize like you don't know
Be be prepared to be reverted to like baby state especially with like buying a house that process is in
Scrutable I still don't know if I bought this house our realtor. No one's got rid of me yet
Our realtor would just come to us. I can't eat $300 for the
I bet yep. Here you go. Take it. It's yours now. I never had that money
I guess were you buying the house from the ancient ones? Yeah, it was a deep tongue. I
Hear that it's a really I got a really great deal on this house
But except for that though walls are full of rats. Yeah, and the seeping floors there this floor sir. Well, that's Justin's
Oh, yeah
Justin has I would say from my money like I'm so happy being a renter like Teresa and I have have often considered
Homeownership, but like I don't know
I think what's always scared me most about is that like the permanence and I know you can always sell your house
But in this market, it seems like such a
Market the problem with renting is you just put your money into a shitter and you're shitting on it
And then you're flushing it. It's it's insult to injury. How are you paying your rent? Huh?
Is that how you were paying your rent? I pay it to my landlord. Mr. Toilet
I
Yeah, it's it's an investment Travis in yourself and your family I
Had a baby this summer so I spent the entirety of nature's bounty of sunlight watching
Canadian Dragon's Den on YouTube watching need to tell me now what that I mean different had the baby not been present
What what yeah, you would have watched American Dragon's Den now I went because we both would have been drunk
That would have been different now. Only one of you can be drunk at a time. You got a tag-team it
Is that how I actually watched all eight seasons? Holy Canadian Dragon's Den on youth. They're all on YouTube
Here's the weirdest thing. There's one episode where it is inexplicably
The only version of this one episode on YouTube is tilted 45 degrees
so
The whole episode is that it's 45 degree tilt and damned if we didn't sit there
With our heads slightly askew and watch that you got it. Yeah, you don't want to miss an episode
You'll be you'll be lost. You just got to make sure you don't get taco neck syndrome
James asks
Interview at McDonald's should I eat there before?
So I've got an interview at McDonald's and I've been craving a Big Mac for a while
Will it look good or bad if I buy one right before I have my interview or right after I?
Think you're missing the obvious and it's during
Well, you don't yeah, you keep asking questions. I'm gonna get in on this Big Mac
You purchase it and then you take it into the interview is what you're saying. This is what you're suggesting
Yeah in your pocket, and then you do like a dear mind. I'm now I'm now I'm now I'm now I'm now
Or right after I think right after sends a very good signal where you're like, well, I think this went well so well
In fact, I gotta get those two all-beef patties special sauces cheese pickles onions on a sesame seed bun
Thank you very much. Say I think it'll be the first of many. Mm-hmm that you will get me for free for working here
It's actually a free food working at McDonald's. Do you think you have to you have to right?
You get the leftover burgers and fries at the end of the night the leftover burgers and they may have the orbit
They throw them in like a grocery bag, but they make them the order cheese. Oh sure. Sure. They do Griffin
Thanks for buying into the hype
But that's the thing I think you eat it
Beforehand and you just make the person who's about to interview you watch you eat it to show you what a good burger
Bull you are and watch you enjoy it. Hmm. Oh, yeah dripped on my shirt. I don't care. I
Can't help but notice you got a little bit of dribble on your shirt there. Yeah, there's a good reason for that
Your burgers are fucking delicious
Can you?
Buy two Big Macs
beforehand
Set them at a table and then like once your manager arrived like the manager arrives you lead him to that table like oh look
Look what we have here
This can be like why that but what have we found and then see if he'll eat it because I've always been curious
I
Can you roll up with a Big Mac and then hold it in front of the person who's interviewing you and just tear it in half
No, I killed one one down right guys, I'll fucking kill every Big Mac in this place
What if okay, okay don't have a Big Mac during your interview
You want to prove something eat like a record number of Big Macs
half him join you at a table with like 20 big and try to set a Big Mac eating world record as
You conduct the interview see now Justin I thought you were gonna say sit down with a bag open up pull out a Whopper
That's what I meant to say, but I said Big Mac the whole time Burger King does the Whoppers, right? Yes
I fucked that whole thing up. Oh, you thought it was
I
Fucked that whole sentence up when I saw my go to Burger King you get a Whopper and bring it back and you tear it in
Half in front of everybody to say I've sacrificed one
This is the sacrifice this McDonald's demanded. I don't eat a lot of fast food. You guys eat mostly ancient grains. Let me
think something that would make a pretty good impression if you're interviewing to be like a
Fry cook and McDonald's is tell them how you would do things differently
Oh, I think you should tell them like how you would spice up the burgers differently or some
Throw in some black bean burgers bring in a big like gallon bag of likes your special spices
It's your current product
Pull an avocado out of your pocket. I want you to taste this burger
I just bought this from your from from the line now. I want you to try this burger. I made you like that
It did take me two and a half hours to make so slow down production
We just wrote good burger
If you put three brothers in front of typewriters for all of eternity one of them will eventually write good burger
That's the law of large numbers. Oh
This Yahoo was sent in by Rachel Sperling game recognized game. Thank you. Rachel. It's by Yahoo answers user Brian who asks
Why is peepaw so rude
So today I was at my peepaw's household and he sneezed in my face
It's really good then laughed about it
Yeah, he's always doing rude things like this and tripping me and my boyfriend when we walk by and spitting on my ferret
The other day he even picked his nose and wiped his booger on my clothes
Travis Patrick McElroy
These are solid. How can we get him to stop being so rude?
Why?
Spitting on the ferret is out of control. That's some next-level rude grandpa technique
You think your grandpa's rude talking about the war and and just incessantly and talking about his friends and their sacrifices
So rude, my grandpa spits on my ferret. Fuck you. You don't know shit
I
These are all good goofs if I was like this happen, I would I would lose it
Why is this ferret caked in grandpa's pit? I'll tell you why it's good. My jeeps. I I if if I
God willing live to an elderly age. I'm doing this. I'm hitting that power in a heartbeat mores out the window
What are you gonna say? But like this is your kin
Yeah
Shouldn't you be nice to your to your kin? Don't you want them to remember you?
I know how angry I am at people who are younger than me now
Oh, I can only imagine that's gonna be compounded in the intervening decades. Yeah, don't even be young around me. I
Live in an apartment
with a share
Not enough with a shared quite operated laundry unit the washing machine takes 40 minutes the dryer takes one hour
I know this because if you don't set timers and come and get your laundry nice and quick and unknown assailant steals
You come back a couple hours later and the clothes are on the floor in the sink or even the garbage. They're just gone
Other residents have complained about the same thing and having bleach thrown on their drying towels help brothers
What can I do to bring this full of justice and protect my stuff?
It's happened three times now and I'm very low on underwear. That's swing through me on these just real quick
Yeah, that's from got got done down got got done down under I guess. Yeah, you got it
Got it one. Um
Sounds to me like you got yourself a laundry Krampus on your hands. Mm-hmm
I've been watching a lot of leverage recently and I think you just need to set up an elaborate con
Well, it's gonna have to be a fucking super elaborate con to catch a Krampus. That's great. Yeah, I
Missed that show to catch a Krampus
It was doing such good work
You know getting a Krampus. I mean it was too many crap. It was Krampus entrapment and and it's hard to argue that in court
but
But they were doing the Lord's work. What kind of weird dude is like, okay
I just saw someone take your laundry in I'm gonna go through bleach on their towels
That's the only way I can feel
I
Did I used to live in an apartment?
Where everybody kept their detergent?
in the lunchroom
And I so you never had to buy and I did not buy detergent
I look around the room look around the room. If you don't see a Krampus you are the Krampus
Don't don't pick and choose
Adult the lifeblood that you drain out of us. We're giving you food
Eat where you your three-headed giving tree. Mm-hmm. And now that we're just a stump you're gonna sit on us
We also have three butts
That's not important to this story. Why would you need to make that? Why would you need to specify?
I'm just trying to clarify the mental picture
Giving the tree didn't have one but Travis wait, wait, wait, how do you know that Griffin?
Cuz I asked the office I'm gonna think about the fact that giving tree had a but I have read every piece of
Giving tree slash fiction that exists that probably exists, doesn't it? Mm-hmm the giving and taking tree
Hachi-machi
Yep
Okay, Trav you did some some weird
So weird copy positive here my friend
Stump knots and bumps and dents it is it is all
sap and
Ruination no, no, no, no turn it off
A slice is just a sample. Isn't it better just to know how it's affecting me
I'm glad Gervin take this hit no reason no need to ruin it for all no
This is this is oh, this is a legal your friend is absorbing all of this like John coffee from the green
Fuck me. Oh
My god and it ends with okay
There's it's extremely explicit and it is but it ends the way I think the book should end
This is the last sentence and this is actually kind of beautiful the shit before it
Decidedly not beautiful the boy laid down and wrapped himself around his childhood friend and love of his life
Ah with one final sigh of contentment gross and a smile on his face. The boy closed his tired old eyes for the last time
Oh, he dies on the tree that he just fucked with a huge boner and was fucked by
Thank-you-giving tree slash fiction
tree to death
Did he is this his last
Last action
Author's note author's note to enhance your reading experience of my tale of love and reconciliation
I suggest that you listen to Jeff Buckley's hallelujah ball reading. Oh, I
Heard there was a secret tree that you could fuck
And all your childhood memories are dead
Brothers my boyfriend's mother recently learned she would be receiving a sizable inheritance. I think it's around 30k. God damn
Yeah, and has decided to spend it by taking my boyfriend myself her her other son her wife her a
Bunch of people on a big family vacation awesome
Except the last time I spoke to her
She was trying to devise between two possibilities the Grand Canyon and Hawaii now brothers
I'm not an outdoor person. I have absolutely no interest in a Grand Canyon vacation
I would love to go to Hawaii, but I know that Hawaii would be
Significantly more expensive especially in terms of paying for my boyfriend and myself as we live on the East Coast and the flights will be twice
As much as for anyone else on the trip, would it be impolite to express my strong preference?
Should I let her take whatever vacation she prefers with her money and that's from craving beaches over canyons in Washington
This is a really good question. And I this is a great question
My first counter question is what is your problem with the Grand Canyon?
It rules. It's giant. It's made of rocks and I've never been there
But I imagine it would blow your tiny mind
Now Travis, I don't think you're the best person to weigh on on this question because if I remember correctly
You are the man who wouldn't drive four hours out of his way to see the Grand Canyon now to be fair Justin
I had a dog and a cat with me. It was the whole thing. It was gonna be a whole deal
We would have had to take them with us and it was like day seven of our cross-country
What is your problem with the Grand Canyon? It's a big hole. It's just a big hole. I
Maybe maybe fill up with water and let me swim in you lake and then we'll talk
Can I Greg can use a shitty lake? It's a shitty dry
We've really turned around on the Grand Canyon since the beginning of this class
This is the very definition of a win-win scenario because if she chooses Hawaii
awesome, you are gonna have a
fucking
Sitcom special episode and it's gonna be amazing and you're gonna love it
You're gonna be the best time ever go to the Grand Canyon gonna save a lot of money
Probably only to spend maybe five G's on that right getting there that leaves 25 G's of this inheritance left over
I have to be very delicate with my next few sentences because I don't want to implicate myself in anything
But as I see it if you want this inheritance to kick your way
you've got
Maybe six or seven people standing in the way and the Grand Canyon while a shitty lake got to be so careful
so carefully here
Is
If
Things let me think Jesus Christ things that fall into it will pick up
Let's call it a fatal amount of inertia
Now I'm not saying anything about
Merit or most foul, but I am saying how quickly can you push six or seven people?
Oh, I'm saying win-win scenario. I'm not saying murder these people if you go to the Grand Canyon
But how much how bad you want this money? Here is one thing now when you don't
Decide to push them into the Grand Canyon. Don't do that
I'm saying you don't do that. Okay, when you don't do that and get them on a line and push them in the Grand Canyon
I have I cannot caution you enough against losing your nerve halfway through
That's no good that that nothing good will come of that. Yeah. Yeah, we're not saying any of that
I'm saying I saw a YouTube video of somebody throwing seven
Watermelons into the Grand Canyon and they did not even come close to surviving the fall
And I'm also saying that watermelons are the most human-like fruit and that's all I'm gonna say
That's just where I stand on the matter. Do you know what this question asker did wrong?
What's after their opportunity for this?
Not not the other thing, but when you were talking with your with your boyfriend's mother, why didn't you say it then?
Why weren't you like, oh Hawaii would be great. Well now because it's hurt I get it
It's her fucking money. You don't want to be like you are not a member of the family
You are dating a member of the family. So it is super not your place to be like no
But the loophole is this it's not like she said Grand Canyon and you said oh
How about Hawaii like she said either Grand Canyon or Hawaii?
All you had to do is like oh Hawaii sounds fun or the Grand Canyon either way, but Hawaii
I've always because it's her it's her 30 stacks. She gets the ball. Oh, Hawaii is I feel like once you
um, uh, once you pay for the Grand Canyon trip, it's pretty much paid for once you go to Hawaii, though
I feel like you're just begging for upsells. But what about the episode a lot? What what about burros?
You got paid for the burros
Burro rental. Yeah. Yeah, very cold donkeys
You gotta get the audio. That was a shitty joke over. Thank you Griffin
No, a lot of people give us give a shit for not recognizing your good jokes
And I'm trying to get better about that, but that also means I'm gonna call you out when you do a fucking terrible
No, cuz it's a burro shot. Just stop it. He's a chili donkey. I
Don't know how much Shanana is is going to track with the humans who listen to your program
but what I would encourage them not to do is
Look too deeply into the Shanana bis
Because there it's not these guys were you know, this is this this is this this fifties Nostalgia Group that
formed in
1968 eight years
Eight years after the thing they formed a nostalgia group, but it only oh here we go
The only the only reason
The only reason it worked is nostalgia was that there had been this profound cultural change in
music and culture and so it truly was as though the fifties had been
You know time warped out of existence five thousand years and they represented a completely different culture these guys up at Columbia
University started singing these doo-wop songs from 15 years before or 10 years before and suddenly
They're this oldies act and then they go to Woodstock and then they get a TV show out of it
They're all really talented dudes, but none of them have they have that that completely it like
Weird rock and roll pedigree, which is that they're all white guys from Massachusetts. No R&B behind them at all
They're dancing and singing in gold lamé and their show is somewhere between you know
The malt shop and studio 54. There's so much beard chest hair
One of the cool guys is like 37 years old and bald it is insane
It's a warm. It's like a warm blanket this description that you're just draping over me on a camping trip question
They're just so many. I know now did you you shaved right? Okay, then I'll tell you the story of Shanana
The questions that these they're talented and terrible at the same time
They're dancing that it is the laziest choreography that I've ever seen
Big Lenny who plays the saxophone who's from my home Commonwealth of Massachusetts and is still still alive and still out there blowing sax
This guy's got a beautiful tenor voice, but should not be on TV not because he doesn't have a good look
But he has no presence whatsoever on TV. He's constantly flapping his arms around while he sings like some obese bird
it's insane like everything about it and
And then they all quit
they all quit and became
doctors and attorneys and professors one of them is a linguistics professor at Hofstra University and
And and they're all they're all professionals now those who who are still with us
Except for Bowser who's still out there selling the grease, right?
And then and then Jaco Donnie and screaming Scott the nice thing about his starting in 68 with the 50s a culture for Bowser is that now
If you are not aware of their history, he just looks like somebody who's aged really really well
How is this guy still hanging with this this lifestyle because it was close enough to the 50s
It seems like a really really old guy who looks fantastic
I
Pending the words by the pending. Oh, I know. Yeah, this is what this is. Well, I've been thinking about all night long you guys
Everyone you know what you can all go down this hole together
Let's go into the catching up on this John and you are very right about this gentleman
I got distracted from the conversation and I just wanted to say that
Bowser from shot on ah is a co-founder of a group called senior votes count
Which is a political action committee for old people you guys
I think the rest of this podcast should just be this the sound of us all just quietly click in the internet
And then just speaking up when you find an interesting show my third of the program usually is
I
Want to talk to you guys about imperfect foods because I'm genuinely wild about it. Okay it you okay?
So here's how it works. You know, I mean you have the the experience
Every week that you hold on. Let me close my eyes
Okay, every week you get a cart
Pre-filled and you go in you see you open up the car. You're like, what did you pick for me?
And I'm from imperfect foods has a variety of like fresh
delicious foods a huge line of sustainable groceries that embrace the natural
Imperfections in food you want a good burger? I ate that last week. I made a mashed rutabaga and
Parsnip puree. Are you kidding me? It was delicious and they were ugly, but it didn't matter because I want a fucked up
Come quad my friend and
They have a wide variety of different stuff you can choose from its fresh seasonal produce
Pantry staples yummy snacks imperfect delivers weekly by neighborhood
Which is a unique model that produces 25 to 75 percent fewer emissions than individual trips to the grocery store
Do you think we're gonna make a lot of money when we sell the iTunes ringtone of me saying I want a fucked up come
Probably we're gonna get rich and that will be perfect for us
Because we have discerning tastes tastes that can only be met by imperfect foods
Right now imperfect foods is offering our listeners 20% off your first four orders when you go to imperfect foods
Calm and use promo code my brother. They sent us a freebie box of this
I tried it and I've been doing it every week since I can get produce there that I can't even get in my regular area
I got some bok choy. I can't find bok choy in West Virginia
But I found bok choy and imperfect foods 20% off your first four orders
That's up to an $80 value at imperfect foods calm offer code when you use promo code my
Brother join the movement imperfect foods calm and use code my brother
Do you guys have any resolutions for 2022? You want to learn a new language?
Oh, here's my thing. Do I know my thing coasting coasting? Oh coasting in 2020
Do I just want to keep an even keel keep it between the navigational beacons, you know, I mean
Maybe we'll talk about that next week when we do the the year the new year
My thing Travis
I actually want to learn every language on earth so I can get a job at the United Nations and
Have a venture like Nicole Kidman did in that one cool movie. Does she know every language in that movie? I
Can't be right that can't be it Griffin. Anyways, you think Griffin you need to check out babble
Because babble has 15-minute lessons that makes it the perfect way to learn a new language on the go and they have
14 different languages to choose from including Spanish French Italian and German and
The other ones that I definitely could name if I wanted to sure
Babbles got speech recognition technology that helps to improve your pronunciation and accent
And that's incredible and you should go check it out right now when you purchase a three-month babble subscription
You'll get an additional three months for free. That's six months for the price of three
Just go to babble.com and use the promo code my brother all one word. That's B a B
B e l.com code my brother babble
language for life
Awesome. Wait before we get back to the chucks and yucks
Which is what I call chuckles and yuckles then we got some quick announcements
First of all, wonderful is doing a virtual live stream this Friday
January 7th at 930 p.m. Eastern Time tickets are $5 with an option to give more at bit.ly slash
wonderful ABC
2021
It's 2022 now, but you get it it benefits the Austin Batcave
Which is an Austin based non-profit organization that offers writing programs for young authors aged 6 to 18
Which is incredible. Also, we got new merch over at McElroy merch calm. We got the pin of the month
That is everybody has a knife from adventure zone ether see
Which benefits the Center for reproductive rights uses the power of law to advance reproductive rights as fundamental human rights around the world
We've also got the guppies want me blink sharks fear me sticker
That's designed by Caitlin Eberle who is at kiwi biwi on Twitter
So go check those out enjoy the rest of the of the best of episode
Which you're gonna because it's the best
The best we could do
Hi, I'm Annabel Gurevich and I'm Laura house and we're the hosts of tiny victories. My tiny victory is that I
sewed that button back on
The day after it broke we've talked about that little thing that you did
That's a big deal to you, but nobody else cares. Did you get that Guggenheim genius award?
We don't want to hear from you. We want little bitty tiny victories
My tiny victory is a tattoo that I've added on to this past weekend. Let's talk about it
My victory is that I'm one year cancer-free
But my tiny victory is that I took all of the cushions off the couch
Pounded them out put them back and it looks so great. So if you're like us and you want to celebrate the tiny achievements of ordinary
People listen to tiny victories. It's on every Monday on maximum fun
Boys
This is a game full of horse trivia. Okay, and
I've got some today. We're dipping into the
Anatomy questions category. Are you we have to savor these because it's the next three years of the show
Hey, thank god. Bye. Okay. Here we go gentlemen
By age five most horses have how many teeth?
153 okay. Let's try again
The answer we got a between 20 and 25 B between 36 and 40 C between 60 and 71
Are we just talking about the front row of teeth?
By age five most horses have how many teeth on the front row or the back row?
Face teeth or full body teeth. Are we full body teeth? Okay, 35 three
The answer was B
Between 36 and 40. Oh you're off by one next question. I got one more question
This is the best game the left side of a horse the side of the horse that we mount is called or the broadside
It's called the left flank the mount or or the near side the meatus
Horses meatus
I'm gonna go with the meatus
Everyone's convinced. He's telling me it's the near side
You can really get a you can get a full boot in that fleshy meatus. We got
this a
horse has long legs so it can a
Run away from predators be jump out of the way of a predator chase dreams faster
See stop a predator space see defend itself against the predator. Mm-hmm
See keep dry when it floods so we can't D catch a prayer now
So it can be tall enough to eat birds right out of the sky
Yeah, he so it's a little bit closer to God. Mm-hmm. God's that's why God made his giraffe
Said get up here horses. He said get on your horse. I'm gonna give you multiple choice question
I'm not gonna give you multiple answers
When a horse's ears are laid flat. What does that mean horny?
Super suit. All right. This is lightning round Griffin. You said horny wrong Travis. I
Made a bad investment incorrect Griffin
Not horny
If their ears are down they are explicitly not an ounce of horny
Read the room Steve right by omission correct? They're angry or scared. So thank you read we're going to have food
I'm keeping these like on my desk. Oh, yeah, so at any moment I can reach out and grab
We also have just so you know for the future. We have care questions and breed question. Oh tight. I can't wait for the breed questions
I
Have a friend who absolutely hates the concept of laughing at bad movies
For instance, he considers watching a movie like the room to be a massive waste of time when he could be watching something better
quote like transformers
That's the whole of this dude
You know
My kids brothers and mr. Corbett
How can we get this farcical flick Debbie downer in the right frame of mind or is this a lost cause?
That's from bad movie buff in Brooklyn. Oh my god with the alliteration in your listeners
We have a we have pretty savvy pretty savvy audience
This actually this reminds me the first time Griffin and I watched the room with my now wife Teresa the look on her face
was like a combination of like
Confusion and frustration. She didn't know why she doesn't know why we did that to her. Yeah, she just kept saying what is this?
Why are we no, I'm testing you darling. Yeah, and it was like get it and she's like no
No, it's bad. She's bad. And then we made her watch it like eight more times and now she loves it. Oh
Oh, yeah, but sort of Stockholm soon. Yeah, honey. He's from Stockholm. Ah,
There is a
There's there's there's a real problem with the premise of this question and the transformers method
I mean
I don't know where to go with that because if you don't enjoy the room and you do enjoy transformers
I don't understand you as a human being it seems like to me like maybe his like through line like he doesn't like really good
Movies or really bad movies and he just wants it right down the center there like milquetoast nothing
He likes the movie protagonist of 1950s version of movies. Sure. Yeah, and he wants to be beat up by Michael Bay
Well, I mean I I guess there's why would you try to force someone to do that
I guess to marry them if Travis is to be believed, but that's the only reason as a weird doubter
I forget what the actual question was
Really break it down to like really parse it is how do you get someone to like bad movies?
And I don't I think it's a little questionable as a premise. I mean, yeah, you're not supposed to right?
I mean well
but here's the thing is because I was thinking about this on the way over when I got stuck in traffic is
the idea of I
Didn't start liking bad movies. I started as a kid watching MST 3k with dad
Sure, and then through that like transitioning into liking bad movies, and I think that it's an acquired taste, you know
It's a thing that's like you can't show someone who's only seen like current blockbuster
Quote good or bad movies and then expect them to like the room and Manos hands of fate and get it
Like you kind of got a like clue them in with we're going to watch something that frames it
Like isn't this fun to make fun of I think I think you are really on to something and it it
You know when I when I was working on the show
My parents would watch and they could not they just couldn't get past the movies
They were just go like man that movie was really bad. You know, there's just a terrible movie. I couldn't watch anymore
Take you through it a little bit mom and dad but yeah, and I don't I would never force that on people unless I wanted
To bury them. Uh-huh. Do you do you do you feel like you guys?
Like provided a really valuable service to the movie industry the filmmaking industry where?
If a movie studio, I feel like made a really terrible movie
Before you guys came around. It was just a total loss. It was it was a disaster for them
But now if somebody makes a really bad movie, it's like well
At least somebody's gonna get some sort of like twisted pleasure
I like like there is a there has been cultivated among people and appreciation for bad movies. That wasn't there before
So at least we've got that at least we'll bring some modicum of joy to people
Especially now with podcasts and like YouTube and it's like everybody talks about bad movies
Yeah in a way that like people weren't doing you know in the 90s and a so for example
I was a teenage strangler was filmed in our hometown Huntington West Virginia
So when it was on MSD 3k, it was like this huge thing like it's back
We've done it and and it also puts the lie to your old teachers thing about nobody ever making it
Take that mrs. Williams. Well, no because we're all getting strangled
By by by a fellow native though, right? There you go. Yeah, so I so it's our town in the best light
Just we're calling the herd. We're building a
Staircase of human bodies for here you go. Well, I you know, I don't know
I we've wanted Hollywood to appreciate that service
We provide them for years, but but so far so far nothing. No, no fungible
You know, we're just not big enough problems you affect their sales and that's all they care about and when we have actually
Negotiated them via riff tracks for bigger titles. It is all it's like diffusing a bomb
They're very sensitive about it and we eventually
Shook a few, you know 90s to early 2000 titles away from them with money just with Kickstarter money
But they're just very concerned about the the relations the trail of relationships. They have in general
I'm imagining that conversation like you want to make fun of
Casablanca
No, you can't you can't come on they're all dead come on
Yeah, you're right
My girlfriend and I live about 1500 miles apart and one of our favorite pastimes is watching MST 3k and riff tracks together over skype
Which MST 3k episode of riff tracks VOD would you recommend for a young couple in love?
Amorous in Austin, I don't you know, I guess it if he's asking me if you something that would enhance their love or sexual pleasure
I'm a little scared of that question. Frankly. What's the most erotic MST 3k episode the Apple?
The Roger Daltrey looking guy running around in a loincloth
It doesn't get can you just repeat the chapter with the sex song in it the song that takes place in the sex
I was I was drunk at that point of the movie the the time that I watched it
But I do distinctly remember there being a sex song that somebody's saying while having sex
Which I guess one of your brothers can sing it sex song from the Apple. Oh, man, it's gonna be bad
I'm gonna it's a double entendre. I believe it is a
single entendre. It's 1.2 entendres. I'm coming
Is memory foam bad for sex
Thinking of getting either a memory foam mattress or a topper update also, I mean good sex not boring sex
insight oh
Well, I'm quite clarified because memory foam is great for boring sex
I mean, I don't want to show my hand but I make love like I'm slowly being absorbed by quicksand
Mm-hmm. I don't want I don't want here's their problem
You can use a memory foam mattress. It'll make sex sex better, but only if you get a memory foam
Mattress after you've been having sex for a while
Because if you have sex for the first few times on a memory foam mattress and then later you're still having sex on it
You're gonna look at those in previous indentations
What was I doing?
Memory foam remembers don't remember that what's with all the elbow imprints?
What was I doing?
the weird thing is when you plug your memory foam into your computer and you
Download all of the information and it gives you all the stats off of your previous lovemaking sessions
Yeah, it's me clippy good number of pumps there trout
I'm gonna keep track of your pumps. Hey clipping. I'll track your pumps for you travel. Hey, have you tried minecraft?
See you added a swerve trap
Trap we can virus alerts. Hey sure you need to compensate for the angle trap
You know what I'm talking about need to run a McCaffrey virus check buddy
I can't help but notice not cuddling afterwards you jackass
What have you read it his erect penis had a red squiggly line underneath it
Boy you spelled
I
Mean I
None of us own a memory foam, right? I didn't I know what that we're making a lot
I know we're making a lot of money on this show, but not that minecraft money. No
It seems to me though, like it wouldn't be ideal unless for some reason while you fuck
You like to have glasses of wine all around you that you don't want to spill over onto yourself
it seems it's so funny to me because it seems like
40 years ago. The thing was like it was like water, you know water mattresses
yeah, what are those called water beds water beds, which is like the polar opposite of memory foam memory foam is like
Oh, you can like bounce a bowling ball
Nothing happens and like a water but it's like oh you moved your elbow and you flipped the other person out of the bed
Yeah, oh, well, I think that the I think that making love when you make love in a memory foam
You are nullifying a lot of the earth's natural physics and effects and a lot of the
simple machines
Featured in a traditional mattress and I think that I think I I mean, I love extreme restraints
But I I get by with those simple machines, you know, I mean springs levers screws
Thank you in crime in client planes things like that and in a memory foam you are floating in the negative zone
You know what? I mean, you're in print you are imprisoned in the negative zone and I don't think Zod
I love making love and that can be pleasurable kneel before Zod
But I don't think it works for everyone
But isn't that true of all lovemaking Griffin, maybe one man's memory foam is another man's sleep number bed
And I sleep another man's inflatable camping mattress sleep number bed would be great because I have always wanted a fuck number
That's something they do not feature in the advertisements, but you say what's your sleep number 28, what's your fuck number?
35
Yeah, and then someone's like is that the number of people you've slept with and it's like no that number is zero. I
Just know my I know my fuck number in preparation for that special they find that for you in the store
That number is zero and looking
Ladies zero plus and then you say why is it zero and he says
True love waits and it was a commercial for true love waits the whole time
Okay, guys, marry fuck kill. Are you ready?
Sleep number. Yeah, memory foam. Yeah, graphmatic adjustable
Memory foam. Yeah graphmatic adjustable. Oh my god
I didn't kill the graphmatic just because it would kill you I think to try and
um
Make that two back piece up on that you get fold up like a panini
Um the sexiest panini
Uh, is it weird to buy toilet paper in bulk?
My husband refuses to buy or be seen with me when I buy toilet paper because I prefer to buy a 24 pack instead of
A four or six pack because it's cheaper and something will always I assume need you assume
I assume
Okay, roger. My butthole is just gone
Sweet, you know, we don't need
Roger leaves got really soft all of a sudden
My husband is very embarrassed by my large toilet paper purchases
And believes other people will judge us and find us weird for the large purchase
Is it a legitimate concern?
Is it worth sacrificing the extra dollars and time?
I'll spend shopping more regularly for tp to avoid having other people think I must poop a lot. That's from cabinets
full of toilet paper in term
I when I see that at the grocery store and don't get it twisted when you buy a 24 pack of charmon
At the grocery store, that's all that's going in your cart. That's problem. Number one. Yeah, but when I see that when I'm exposed to that
I just think like you've got a lot of shitting
to do
I assume
Hold on
But what's the what's the worried implication that someone sees you pick up a 24 pack of toilet paper like, oh lose butthole
Like what's the you know when you buy i'm saying that there should be a stigma
And i'm saying like when you go to the when you go to a fucking
Walgreens and you pick up a pack of rubbers or jimmy hats or whatever the fuck we call them now jazz raincoats
we
Some jazz raincoats or you buy them. You don't put them on in the store
Although they should let you do that because it's not a one-size-fits-all thing no matter how much they fucking tell you
It's not a one-size-fits-all and the crazy thing is once you get them home and open them
They don't let you return them. They don't let you return them
Um, especially once after you've used them you have to google condom sizes like some sort of caveman
But anyway, when you kind of google caveman you go to cvs you say let me get they're all in centimeters you go to cvs
And you say let me get a pack of
Smokes and they say we don't sell those anymore and you say fuck
Let me get some jimmy hats instead then and you feel embarrassed about the jimmy hats
because they know that your dick's going in that and they know that you're you're
You're detritus is probably going in that too and that's gross and you're embarrassed
But you buy toilet paper like oh you're doing some pooping. Yeah, cool. Cool. Cool, and it's not a thing
I think that you should apply the same level of discretion
to tp that you do
to to to condoms and diaphragms and and and
And new verax. I feel like i've mentioned this before but I I can't help but apply narrative
When i'm buying toilet paper, I always feel like the implication is whatever i'm buying
With that toilet paper is going to make me poop. I feel like if i'm buying like
If i'm buying like a heath bar and some toilet paper, I think the short story
A big day plant. I need this heath bar and it's gonna give me diarrhea. So I need the toilet paper for that
That's right. You put the heath bar on the counter and then you put the toilet paper just in case
What if we look at this as a business opportunity and i'm always looking at things like business opportunities
um
If we open up our own toilet paper manufacturer and distribution company
And it comes in an unmarked box and no, no you sell it at grocery stores
But it's just a single you just buy one roll of toilet paper at a time and the name of the company is
Carpe Diem toilet paper company
That person is living for today
That's great because you grab that one roll and you go to the counter and kind of like wiggle a little bit and do a
Little dance like okay. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on
All right, come on come on come on
I I as much as I I I mean there's another way of looking at this which is if you buy a huge
bulk of toilet paper
That's rarer that people are going to spot you buying toilet paper if you go at like two in the morning
To the walmart to buy your toilet paper
Then you know, you can never be spotted. It could be a stealth mission you do that once a month or something
Mm-hmm. Oh or go every day and buy a 24 pack every day and look the guy square in the eye every time i'm back
I'm back. There is can I i'm basically like a basically like a sandworm essentially i'm just
I I consume and process and expunge
I'm also not good at conserving toilet paper. No, how many pieces sorry, I gotta go
uh, nobody likes buying a huge thing of toilet paper, but there is I think we can all admit a
A special kind of feeling of security and luxury. Oh, yeah when you peel
Of single roll off of a 24 pack at home and you think oh man. I have got a lot of toilet
Whatever whenever I that happens I have the feeling like i'll never have to buy toilet paper. Oh, yeah. Yeah
You buy a 24 pack. You're like, well, that's toilet paper sorted for life
What next?
Give me that giant container of oats. Okay, let's take my idea and flip it on the inverse and we start a company called
For life toilet paper and you buy it it costs. How much would you how much would you pay?
How high is this ceiling? I would I would pay thirteen thousand
Thirteen thousand dollars for a four thousand eight hundred and twelve pack. Are you ready for this? You call it call of nature box. Okay
Every two weeks someone comes to your door and just hands you
I don't want I don't want a shit paper interaction every 14 goddamn days. I want to knock it out
Once i'm going to save up my money and put in a down payment investment in myself
Why are we this is our bedroom and this is our living room and this is our toilet paper room
Why are we shipping things to people that I would like healthy snacks that I would be proud to buy
I would be proud to stride into the store. Why are we not secretly shipping people toilet paper? It doesn't make sense to me
It's sickening. It's because it doesn't have that stigma and we need to we need to make people ashamed of their bowel movements
Everybody just should be more ashamed of their bodies in general. Yeah. Oh god, especially the evil that comes out of it
Um
Let's try this yahoo auto sin and by rachel sperling game recognized game. Thank you. Rachel
It's by yahoo answers user vicky who asks could someone pretty please write a vampire story, please
Start in a dark forest at midnight and there is a girl named alaina who gets hypnotized and bitten by a slow down slow down
Okay, okay
Start in a dark forest at midnight and there is a girl named alaina who gets hypnotized and bitten
By a vampire named josea. I want eye contact hypnosis, please
Okay, first of all, that's called thrall
It's not called hypnosis
You're in the thrall jeez amateurs
Amateurs
Glamour is what I prefer
Glamour is something that masks you so it's more like uh, you would cast a glamour on someone to so they would ignore you
No, yeah, but in true blood they call it glamoring they verb it
I go he glamored me into doing this
I think that means you dress them up in sequence and and you made them more glamour that's dazzle them
What a fucking stupid show that sounds like
Never seen it, but it sounds pretty goddamn dumb can someone
Please write me a vampire story. Please please please please please i'm
There is not enough vampire fiction out there erotic
Vamp fiction. So is the question asker asking someone to write them a story
Uh-huh, and it's gotta have a girl named alaina and a vampire named josea and it's gotta have eye contact hypnosis
Can I just say I really like this because I think we could call it choose my own adventure
And it's just like hey i'm gonna tell you what I want in the story
I think I used to have a book like this where I was a little kid and mom and dad brought it
Bought it for me for my birthday where I went to like planet travis and they can I machine that worked on wishes?
I think a choose my own adventure book is just a book
Right, I wish I wish
God, I wish books would just choose the fucking adventure for me. Just tell me a story
I didn't buy this fucking thing to write it myself. This is garbage neil patrick harris you lazy shit
It
What do you think this person wants the story for
Do you think it's an assignment where they have to write it and they're going at least i've got all the bones of it
But I just can't put the meat on it. Yeah from from their their teacher miss clitoris
Excuse me
She's starting but fair
Can someone fucking write this person?
Okay, so let's go through it. She's in a dark forest at night
Okay, how much time do we have left in the show? Uh enough time to write some erotic vampire. Okay, let's let's let's
Let's write one. I'm the oldest
I'll start. Okay, and
Oh like an exquisite corpse
Yeah, uh, maybe not once okay. Yeah, we'll do one sentence at a time. That'd be good. Okay
Okay, the night was dark and also horny the the forest was as dark as it was horny, too
I'm my name is elena and this forest got me feeling real horny down there
I swired a shape
In the darkness that was white but had eyes and a cape
And maybe fangs. It was definitely glamorous, but also erotic
His name was josea. He didn't
Tell me that but he looked like one
He looked like my friend josea. It's there's more than once there was a semicolon in there
He looked like my friend josea from work at dress barn
I got closer to him. I saw that underneath the cape
He was wearing some sensible jeans and no shirt
But he just had like a cape and his muscles were like, yes, and I didn't know much but he was definitely bonered
Dude
I could see it through his jeans. I could see the boner through his jeans
Another semicolon was in there. They were as sensible as they were see-through
Uh, it's not your turn. Oh, sorry
I looked dude's eyes
They remind me
Of josea my friend at dress barn and that's that's that's when it occurred to me
I'm gonna bone this dude. No
I feel good. I don't know where these thoughts are coming from. They definitely weren't my own
No, you said that's what occurred to me that I was gonna phone this dude
Well, and also I hate to take umbridge, but and then it occurred to me is not a complete sentence
I there was a high fit. There was ellipses at the end
um chapter two
I got fired from just barn today
I got fired by my manager josea. I thought he was my friend
Also, he has amazing muscles and he doesn't wear a shirt and he wears a cape
But a different cape this is we're talking about a different josea here. I can't express this enough. I wish
I wish I really try to get a hook into this story travis. You were just not letting me try
I wish everything in my house smelled like dress barn josea
Suddenly there was a clattering at my window. It was santa claus
He I fucked my brain and the sexy stuff
Turns out it was a was a drakul all along
santa climbed in my window and he opened up his sack and he
And he let it fall to the ground and inside there was just one gift
And it was josea the vampire from earlier and not the dress barn josea
He looked deep into my eyeballs and I got totally totally bonered for him. And then santa claus was like well
I guess I should get going
Seems like things are about to get a little bit lusty in here
I've got other sex draculas to drop off a kid's houses like you
And then josea spun around and he drank santa's blood I don't know until he died
And let me be honest. It was a huge turn on
So I reached inside of his
sack and I got out
hundreds of sex draculas
all for me
Um
I'm not done. I'm not done
I crowd surfed
On the sex draculas like buckethead at a corn show when buckethead was stealing corn
Was he ever tamed?
Did he did he glamour him? Yeah. Yeah. I said the thing about the eye fucking. Okay. I think we just covered all our bases there
Also, wait, hold on
Oh, hold on. Somebody's at my door. Give me a second
Oh, it's a it's a major book publisher and we're all millionaires so yay. Yay. This is the last episode of the podcast, I guess
It's better with you
Maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned audience supported
Are you feeling elevated levels of anxiety do you quick uncontrollably even thinking about watching cable news
Do you have disturbing nightmares only to realize it's two in the afternoon and you're up
If you've experienced one or more of these symptoms, you may have fno
News overload. Fortunately, there's treatment. Hi. I'm dave holmes host of troubled waters
Troubled waters helps fight fno. That's because troubled waters stimulates your joy zone on troubled waters
Two comedians will battle one another for pop culture supremacy
So join me dave holmes for two two two doses of troubled waters a month
the cure for your
news overload
Available on maximum fun.org or wherever you get your podcasts
