The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hey, what's up? It's time for the Super Bowl. No, no, no, no. What? You gotta say big game.
Why? Because if you say S-U-P-E-R bowl, then we'll get sued. Says who? The government.
The government. You're making that up. Obama. Obama said so. I know. Obama is the football
commish, and he said that you're not allowed to say those words. If I understood the rules correctly,
I could say Super Bowl, but I could not say Super Base. There are three people in the world right
now who can say Super B. You aren't one of them, but Boomer, the sports commentator, is one,
and also Dan Marino, and also everybody who's playing in the Super Bowl. Do you guys get excited
for the big game? I'm excited for the Puppy Bowl. You know, I only watch it for the commercials.
Sometimes I think that commercials are better than the game. Justin, you actually can't refer
to the commercials that air during the Super B. You have to call them TV breaks. TV breaks? Or
very expensive advertisements. My favorite TV break ever is when that lady has the hammer,
and she swings around, and then she throws it through the TV screen. You know the one
from 1984? A lot of people don't know that she poops herself. But it's unrelated. I think it
was during Big Game 38. It was the very expensive advertisement where the overweight woman who
married Tom Arnold got hit by a log. Do you remember that? Griffin, you actually can't say
Tom Arnold? Okay, the overweight woman who married the main protagonist from the movie The Stupids.
Exactly. Thank you. Thank you very much. I think my favorite is that one. Have you seen that one?
And it's got the animal in it, and he talks, but he says something really funny. And I think it's
either about beer or chips. I like the one for beer chips with Spuds McKenzie. You actually can't
say Spuds McKenzie. I cannot say Spuds McKenzie. You can say Potatoes McGee and we'll know.
Okay. Potatoes McGee, the dog-shaped spokesperson. Thank you. Is that legal? Is that okay? Barely.
Barely legal. Speaking of things that are barely okay, this is my brother and brother and me,
an advice show. For the modern era, I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your
middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. I'm your baby brother, Kit Dan Marino.
Kit Kenneth Dan-nith Marino. Kay Dan Marino.
Kay Dan Marino Jr. What does Kay stand for? Not to be confused with the football guy.
Kick. Kick. Kick. Catch with a K. Since we obviously aren't fit to offer any sort of
advice on sport or sporting, let's go to the advice. I'm graduating college this semester,
and then I'm up and moving to San Fran, probably not for good. No, I'm sorry. Probably for good.
The thing is, I've been dating a wonderful girl here in North Carolina for the past three months
or so. She's amazing, but we're not about to do the long-distance thing across three time zones,
so we're trying to cut it off. The question is, when is the right time for us to stop dating?
Right now, we're trying to gradually transition it into a sexy friendship with pretty good results.
Help us, brothers. That's from nearly departed in North Carolina. Oh my god. I think you should do
it at the last second. As your car is driving away, lean your head out the window and be like,
oh, by the way, we're breaking up. Goodbye. Does she know, right? She knows. She has to know.
That doesn't matter, though, because you're actually up and moving to the fucking danger zone.
Yeah. You're in deep, deep trouble. Why? We're trying to transition
our love into a sexy friendship. Yeah, that's going to work out pretty well, probably.
Yeah. Have you not seen any movie with Jennifer Aniston in it, ever? That's all they're about,
is how impossible this is, this movie we're trying to do. Did you not see Friends with Benefits or
what was that other one? Friendster with Benefits. Buddies. Social Network. Buddies with Perks.
Buddy Bollin. Buddy Bollin. Bone and Buddies. Bone and Buddies or Fuck Pal or Air Buddies.
Air Buddies or Treasure Buddies. Or Pleasure Buddies. Or MVP for Most Valuable Fuck Buddy.
Let's start with a P. Let's start with a P. P-H-U-C-K. Yesterday is the proper time.
Is it possible that this dude has found the perfect combination of words to actually make
that transition? I know that we all doubt that he said, hey, honey, this is going great, but I'm
moving, let's just be sexy friends. But is it possible? Well, they're gradually trans- they
are gearing, they're shifting their gears down, right? So it's a sexy friendship now. Next week
it'll be regular friendship, the week after that it'll be sort of an acrimonious friendship,
and the week after that it'll be like bitter rivals. Right. Arch-nemesis. Arch-nemesis,
and then you bounce. And then you're out with that, that you're someone who wants you to die
in North Carolina somewhere. They're plotting your death. Which, hey, actually with the trajectory
you're on, that may not be too far off of a goof. Yeah. Yeah, it may end up just like that.
I mean, I think you need to decide what you want. If you guys just want to continue
fooling around, but once you move it never be anything else, you're on the right track. If
you want to preserve the friendship, I think you have to stop with the sexual stuff ASAP,
and start to create some sort of friendship outside of that. Otherwise, the only connection
you're going to have is physical, and as soon as you go to San Francisco, that's done.
You also want to think about the fact that you're, as you said, moving three time zones away,
so maybe you want to make sure you have some free and clear time, like a month or two before you
leave to kind of say goodbye to everyone, and just have some quality time with all your friends and
everything without worrying about this friendship, relationship, sticky morass you've gotten
yourself into. So vital. Yeah, maybe try sticking morass. Oh, Justin. What? It was just as Travis
said it, I was just saying it a different way. Is it riffing? Is it riffing? Just three bros
getting yucked at. Now you're fucked. But hey, here's the good news. If you manage to actually
pull this off, then you should have an advice podcast that we listen to. Call, I'm a warlock.
Yeah, wizard time. I'm a sex wizard. Sex wizard with your friend in North Carolina, Guy. Guy,
sex wizard, Guy. So congratulations on that. Griffin. Here's a very timely yahoo that has to
do with both football and wizardry. It's sent in by Elisa Holifield. It's asked by yahoo user
forever Rogers fan, who asks, who would win, Aaron Rodgers or Harry Potter? I know this is really
random and hard to compare, but who would win? There's no specific competition, but you should
assume they are not playing a football game or having a magical duel, although Aaron could use
football skills and Harry could use magical skills. Also, who wins when it comes to moral character?
My friend and I literally debated this for 1.5 and a half more, more than one and a half hours.
So this is very important. Yeah, it's serious. Just some background for you too. Aaron Rodgers
is the quarterback of the Green Bay Packers. This morning was named the NFL MVP for the year.
Oh, so that must mean that the Packers are in the big game. It is. It's actually the Packers
v. Packers. They were so good that they put him right in there twice. Can you, isn't that objectively
untrue though? Like if they had the most value, what are they using to measure value? Here's the
great thing is that their offense is so good, but their defense is the worst in the league. So he is
the most valuable. If it weren't for him, we would have like a real major league scenario. I guess
sinkhole would just open up and swallow them all. Basically, yeah. He's the only thing keeping them
from sinkhole status. Imagine like a bunch of poop, but the poop is held together by glue.
So you're saying Aaron Rodgers is the poop glue. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. The most valuable
poop glue. In their failed playoff game, he got the most rushing yards of anybody on the field,
which usually quarterbacks don't do. That's not very good. He also got all the tackles.
And he sold hot dogs. So who'd win, guys? So wait, so the question is not Harry Potter
versus Aaron Rodgers, but not in any competition. Yeah. So they're not actually competing. Well,
okay. Or you could look at it like in all competitions. Right. Like what if there was
a magical duel? I would say probably Aaron Rodgers, because the only way that you can
throw that good is with wizarding abilities. Right. I saw him once throw a football through a man.
I saw him battle a dragon with a football. Yeah. So I would say that match Rodgers.
If it's a cooking competition, Harry Potter. Why? Because his cupcakes are magical. Okay.
Okay. Have you sampled his cupcakes? Yeah. It's in Travis's fanfic. Yeah. In his cupcake
fic. It's a Draco slash Harry slash Ron slash buttercream. Is this buttercream made from
butterbeer? Scandalous! Harry, I've become tipped in tipsund. I've actually rewritten
all of the Harry Potter series, removed all of the female characters and turned them all into
18th century fops. Okay. You're gonna say you turned them all into cupcakes. Basically,
it's just about cupcakes. The cupcakes aren't alive and don't move or anything. It's just
about them like sitting on a shelf. Yeah. Getting magical. It's not very good. I think Aaron Rodgers
would probably, like overall, does it being real give you an advantage? Like being an actual thing
that exists as opposed to Harry Potter? What are you talking about? Did you not see the Harry Potter
movies? Like how could they, how could they film him? Like I saw him, you know? I saw him. I saw
him do magic. I saw him and I saw him do magic. You know, people said actually, I saw this on the
back of a bazooka joke, bazooka wrapper, Harry Potter is the most successful documentary ever
released in the world. A lot of people said you can't release an eight-part documentary, each of
which is three hours, not since the Seven Up series. Has anyone attempted such a feat following,
you know, young people throughout their years? But I'm actually surprised that they were able
to get David Attenborough to narrate it. Yeah. It's pretty amazing. Is he, so he was the guy
with the beard. I was wondering where he fit in and why he was there. Well, he wore the beard as a
disguise because as a documentarian, you don't want to like influence your subjects, but also
he fucking loves jelly beans. Yeah, some real gorillas in the mission. I'm into that sort of
gorilla style filmmaking. What if they played football? Oh, okay. Like on broomsticks? Or no
brooms. I don't, that's like saying, okay, Harry Potter, you don't get to use a broom, but Aaron
Rogers, you don't get to use your legs. I don't think we should, don't, let's not limit these
people. So Harry Potter's on a broomstick. Aaron Rogers is on his legs. If we're just Aaron Rogers.
First of all, there is no such thing as like one-on-one street football. Like, no, it's me.
That's like, I have a ghost, I have a ghost wide receiver and he definitely caught that.
I gotta be honest with you, from the way you're describing the Green Bay Packards,
it doesn't sound that far off. Man, was that a sports joke? It was a good sports joke. I need
to go lie down. I've got the papers. I pulled something in my brain. Pulled a chuckle muscle.
Harry Potter could just use magic to kill Aaron Rogers, is what I'm afraid of.
Aaron Rogers could just use football to kill Harry Potter. But he wouldn't. Like,
what you're saying is, like, he wouldn't use, uh, uh, one of the forbidden curses? No,
you just use a gun. Well, Aaron Rogers could use a gun too, Travis. Don't be an asshole.
No, but I'm just saying, like, I think Harry Potter would kill Aaron Rogers before Aaron
Rogers would kill Harry Potter. I agree a hundred percent. You think Harry Potter would kill Aaron
Rogers with a gun? Have you ever seen, have you ever seen, like, an interview with Aaron Rogers?
Like, he's the sweetest guy. And Harry Potter's just a right asshole. Yeah. He's a murderous,
bloodthirsty asshole. Let's go, let's go down the list. How many people has Harry Potter killed?
At least one. The Dark Lord. Spoilers. How many people has Aaron Rogers killed? None. Zero people.
He killed my dreams. Harry Potter has killed a hundred percent more people than Aaron Rogers,
as far as we know. Yeah. Okay, fine. Yes. I would like to amend this question and make it Aaron
Rogers or Harry Potter, who would win in a gentleman's duel at dawn? So with what? Magic?
Aaron Rogers has no magic. Harry Potter gets to use his magic. Aaron Rogers throws a football.
Count to ten. Walk. Turn. Throw. Avada Kedavra. Both die. What a tragedy. What a tragedy.
Senseless tragedy this was. I bet. Thanks a lot, my brother, my brother, and me. Do we have one
listener out there who is not a very big nerd and also is not a very big jock and they're just like,
who the fuck are- what the fuck are you talking- What is going on? I'm having an aneurysm. Hey. Hey.
Yeah? I got another question. Okay. Are you ready for it? Yeah. Griffin, what about you? Yes, of
course, go. Jesus. Let's do it. Next week, I have to be at home while a security company installs an
alarm system in my house. I was told this could take up to three hours. These house calls are
always awkward because I never know what to do. Should I sequester myself in another room and let
the security dudes work in peace? Should I make small talk? Help me, McElroy. That's from unsure
and newly secure. No, don't make small talk. No. This is something- as somebody who works out of
my home, this is something I've had to deal with on occasion. My general strategy is to pretend I'm
an architect, like Mike Brady, and I'm working upstairs. I'll say, I'm just finishing up some
stuff upstairs, so if you guys need me, just yell, and then I hide. Do you know what I almost always
do, almost like reflexively, is I do chores. Like, I'm working too. Like, I'll do some dishes. I'll
be like, oh, tell me about it, guys. Woo, backfucking stuff. Right? Every 10 minutes, I just come in
with a tray of lemonade and brownies. I'm like, you guys sure you don't want any of these brownies?
Wearing an apron and only an apron. You know, I actually, when I worked at Best Buy,
I went out on a couple of installs with our installer and went into people's houses and
installed sound systems and home theater stuff. It is the worst thing when the person won't leave
the room for two reasons. One, it feels like they're judging every single thing that you do,
and they're like, oh, you're going to put a wire there, huh? Okay. But also, they're just there,
because even if they make small talk, after like three minutes, the small talk ends and they're
still just hovering in the room like a ghost. Yeah. You know, it's funny, Trev. The last time
this happened to me was Best Buy installers hanging a TV for me, and one of them actually made a
comment. They had to have me come down a couple of times to answer questions, and one guy actually
said, I noticed you keep running upstairs. What's going on? Do you want me to chill?
Why don't you call G-Nos? It's order is on. Just get to know each other. Let's just bro out,
you know? Let's get a pub, which we just hung. I know you got a baller TV. I just hung it.
He taps you on the forehead and says, let me get in there, and then he taps you on the heart and
then he taps you on the heart and says, and then here. Then let me get in there. Let's just eat
some za and watch some tapes. Let me just test this TV out real quick all day. Let's take it
for a spin. Let's take it for a watch. You may, finally. When someone comes in your home to do
a thing to it, that home is theirs until they leave. That's all right. It's the law of the
land. You might as well just go, because they live there for a bit. You guys are going to live
here for a tip and I'll just chill. I say you have like three prepared questions.
Oh my God. And then, do you guys need anything? Are there any things I could point you towards?
And then say, well, now I will leave you to do your job because you are professionals and I am
in the way. And then you stand quietly facing in the corner. Here's one that you can trot out that
I use and maybe you can use. I said, what are my walls made of? I'm imagining you talking to a
best buyman with like a bunch of index cards in your hands just like flipping through. I'm like,
hey, your shirt is very dirty. Why is that? So do I have a good house? Can I look at your hands?
I've been told the hands of a workman are a second home. What's it like to be a member of
the working class? I knew you guys were supposed to have blue collars. I didn't know your whole
shirt would be blue. Please explain. What is your tax rate? Interesting. Did you feel ostracized
when you went to technical high school? I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. It's
not that this is what's so terrible, but I'm like, this is the same thing. Like when I go to the
mechanic or whatever, it's not that I look down on people who have a trade. It's that I'm so
embarrassed. Yeah, you look up. What I do, people who can make things and hang things and know what
my walls are made of. It's so far from anything I have any concept of. I desperately want to know
those. I would love to be in that part of that world, but my brain doesn't. I don't know. I don't
remember what my walls are made of. I've already forgot. What I find is that I feel the same way,
and it's usually because in any other situation, I wouldn't hesitate to expound on my own opinions
and be like, oh yeah, that is good pizza, and it's got this. But when I go to a mechanic and
he starts telling me shit is wrong with my car, I just go, yeah, that's probably true. Just take
me. I completely agree with you because I'm an idiot. Whenever you pay for any kind of skilled
labor, you're basically saying, I can't do this. Please do this for me, and I'll give you money
for doing it for me. I don't know. You might as well be crying every time you ask anyone to do
something for you along the lines of skilled labor. But you know what else is important? I
don't try to improve on that, though. I'm not trying to learn the skill. I'm such a fucking
phony. You know what I'll throw out sometimes? Yeah, I just don't have the time. I'd love to
get in there and just fucking rip that oil filter out and put in a new one. What are you doing?
Oh, you're doing some soldering, huh? Yeah, I could. Yeah, just who's got the time to solder?
Gotta go to the depot, buy the solder juice. I'm out of solder, so if you guys could solder
those things shut or on or whatever it is that we agreed that needed to happen. Yeah, my forge down
in the basement. It's out of commish. Yeah, I was hammering away on the old anvil, pulled the
hamstring, and are you guys gonna... I tell you what, if you guys are gonna smelt something later,
I'll come back. He who smelt it, dealt it. Am I right, guys? I'm gonna go. Just give me a call
when the smell takes over. Oh, my phone's dead. Well, catch you later. What if you did that for
everything? You were at fucking Pier 1 Imports buying some plates, and you're like, yeah,
I'd make my own plates, but who's got the time? My ceramics wheel is busted. I gotta dry and
glaze the ceramic. Like, oh, too busy. You know, the other day, Teresa's dad tried to explain to
me how to change my oil. He was like, oh, you just do it. And after like 10 minutes of him explaining
it to me, I just stopped him and said, hey, Mike, I'm not gonna do it. Here's the amount of frequency
that I have to do something in order for me to learn how to do it, and that thing is... I'll say
four days. If I have to do something like shave every four days, if I had to shave every five
days, I'd have someone else do it for me. I'd go pay to have someone do it for me. Getting your oil
changed is like what, every eight months? Yeah. Every eight months, every 10,000 miles? Like,
that is not a big deal. You know, every time I go get my hair cut, I ask them if they offer
shaves. Every time. And the people at Supercuts are pissed. They never have like a...
give you like a massage like Jesse's barber does for him. Like an electric massage. I used to get
that treatment in Chicago, but I haven't found a place in Austin that can replicate it, but God
damn, it makes you feel like the king of some sort of small country. My man, Sonny, will wash my hair
if I tip him right. That's about it. It's a weird vibe, having a dude washing your hair. It's weirder
to ask for it because you enjoy it. Sonny, can you do this for me, please? Sonny, please? I don't
know how to wash my hair! Sonny, I only wash my hair every five days, so I have to get a guy.
It's not a skill I've taken on. I guess that answers that question. Yeah, I guess that answers
that. I'm looking for an activity that my girlfriend and I could do together. We spend a lot of time at
home doing nothing, which we enjoy, but we'd like to get out more. What do you suggest?
That's from Bored in Burlington. Bored in Burlington. Literally anything. Well, that's not
very helpful. I know, but the question is just so broad. The world is your fucking oyster. Go shuck
it. I also have no idea what you enjoy. Yeah, what do you like? Do you want to go to like a vineyard,
or do you want to go like to a monster truck show? It's hard to say. Or both. Man, just go get wasted
at a vineyard and then pound some brews at a monster truck rally. Or get real drunk, buy a
monster truck, then drive it all over a vineyard. I don't know what people are doing these days.
Here's what I like to do when I go out. Go to eat. Yeah. That's something you can try. Have you
tried TGI Fridays? Have you tried the dip at TGI Fridays? That's pretty good. They've got this three
for $60.99 deal. It's awesome. It's a great deal. And just incredible cheesecake there.
What about, what if the two of you learn to shoot pool, and you go out to local watering holes,
and you just get really good at- Hustle some bitches. Well, at first you can't hustle,
because I learned this the hard way. You have to get good first. If you just say you're really bad,
and then you play pool, and you lose really bad, that's not a hustle. I tried that once. That's
hubris. I went out, and I saw pool hall junkies. I was like, oh, I can do that. And I went, and I
lost some games. And I was like, how about we drop $400 on it? And they're like, okay. And I said,
rack them. And then I lost $400. Yeah. You can't just all of a sudden start using pool lingo.
That's not what a hustle is. I thought that for a while. You take off your jacket dramatically.
Yeah. Take off your jacket and be like, rack them, and I'll crack them. And your shirt says,
best at pool. Best at pool, 2003. That would be a double hustle. They think you're bad,
then they think you're good for a second, and then you go back to being bad. Then you take
off your jacket, and they're like, oh, no. Oh, you're actually not. But then you take off that
t-shirt, and underneath it is another t-shirt that says, but actually really bad at pool.
This is the 10th time I've ever played pool. I got this shirt made just for the occasion.
Rack them. People ask what the point of the double hustle is, and usually it plays on pity.
And you go, hey, that was the last $400 I have. Please don't take that away. They ask you what
the point is, and you say, I just spend every night at home doing nothing with the old lady.
I just had to do something to feel alive. You burn somebody at pool, you hustle them.
That's going to sting for a night. If you can make someone wonder why you attempted
the double hustle, that'll last a whole lifetime. They'll be trying to puzzle that out.
Yeah. So that's one thing you can do.
A double hustle.
A double pool hustle. Why don't you make some friends? Why don't you hang out with friends?
That's usually a good option, right?
Yeah. Go to the movies with them.
Yeah, you can go to the movies with them.
Spend a couple hours in a Cracker Barrel.
Okay. Doing what?
Shopping.
That sounds like the pits.
But it'll really make you appreciate your time at home doing nothing.
Hey, this is kind of like being at a flea market, except everyone smells like gravy
and everything costs three times as much. I love it here.
Let's stay for a couple hours.
Is that Kenny Rogers? No, that's not. Is that Kenny Rogers?
Let's hustle people at Giant Checkers.
That's actually a lady.
You can hustle people at Giant Checkers. No one bets on this. That'd be sweet.
There's a whole sort of like gang culture. Like there was around chess.
They got a lot of big jawbreakers there at the Cracker Barrel. You could sample all of them.
You could spend time making that mechanical parrot repeat dirty words.
Yeah. I kind of want to go to Cracker Barrel.
Yeah, right?
Yeah, that sounds kind of fun.
You know, if you don't like Cracker Barrel, you're an igneau ramus.
Oh, God damn it.
Wow. That was a deep cut, Trav.
Nobody on the planet is going to get that joke.
Our dad is going to laugh his fucking ass off.
Did you guys know that there is no such thing as a hate crime inside of a Cracker Barrel?
Really?
If you're in a Cracker Barrel and you do a hate crime,
the same hate crime laws don't apply to you because you're in a Cracker Barrel.
I had no idea.
Yeah. Why is that?
It's just they have the, that's in the Cracker Barrel code of conduct.
It's what Obama pushed through Congress last week.
It's just, they call it an old-timey, sunrise, farmhouse opportunity for growth.
Hey, some people might see a hate crime here.
We see an opportunity to learn about another race.
They call it a sunshine, cornstalk, harvest time, annual, autumn breeze murder.
Hate murder.
It's an opportunity to learn about another culture.
That's what they say.
It's immersion therapy.
I like this idea of being inside Cracker Barrel
and just everything translating into double speak.
Yeah.
Yeah, if you're in a Cracker Barrel, for instance, I'll give you an example.
If you pay taxes there, now this whatever joke I make is gonna be better than the other word
I was about to say, which is have an abortion.
So let's keep going with the taxes thing.
I don't have one because I made up one for abortion.
I backed off.
Okay, but say the same thing that you would have said for abortion but for taxes.
Okay, so when you go to Cracker Barrel to pay taxes,
they call it an old-fashioned, sunrise, harvest house, baby dwindling.
It's folksy, but at the same time horrific.
And that's paying taxes.
That's what paying taxes is at Cracker Barrel.
And they also have a lot of old candy, which is good, which I like.
You know, once a courier delivered a paycheck to me in a Cracker Barrel and I was like,
ah, fuck, now I gotta get a Cracker Barrel 1099 just for the state of Cracker Barrel.
This doesn't make any goddamn sense.
Nothing we've said, nothing we've said.
Stupid show, stupid shit, idiotic.
Nobody even goes to Cracker Barrel anymore.
Nobody knows what we're talking about.
The only person that goes anymore is our dad so he can get those jawbreakers he likes.
You know, the white ones with the colored flecks?
Oh yeah.
But I mean, if it makes you guys feel any better,
dad is also the only one still listening at this point.
Hi, dad.
Hi, dad.
Hey, dad, we're gonna go to the Money Zone.
You wanna come along?
Hey, Trav, let's do like a call and response like in church.
Who is this message for?
Michelle.
Who is this message from?
Dave.
What is the message, Trav?
Happy fifth anniversary to my amazing girlfriend, Michelle.
Well, not my, it's not my amazing girlfriend.
It's Dave's amazing girlfriend, Michelle.
You're ruining the rhythm.
Sorry.
Where does she live, Travis?
She lives in Cleveland, Justin.
Where is she earning her master's degree?
It's in our history.
Where does she live?
No, he lives in Cincinnati.
Where does he live?
He works, ah, fuck.
He lives in Cincinnati where he works as a restaurant manager.
You should find him.
I too live in Cincinnati.
What restaurant do you go to?
And can I get free food there, please?
Do you have anything, if you have any fries coated in a liquid
that used to be a solid, Travis loves that.
Yeah.
Cheese, bacon, grease, whatever.
Anything, dude.
One might say that that is Travis's core competency.
They, they're both native Floridians.
And they met while they were students
at Florida State University, go Knowles.
And now it's cut off the end of the sentence here.
It says she loves musicals, visiting museums,
and watching Law.
Larry King Live reruns.
Law and Order SVU.
Law and Order VUS.
So happy fifth anniversary, Dave and Michelle.
Happy fifth anniversary, you guys.
Justin, who is, who is our next one for and from and about?
This was for a dog.
Oh no.
Is our favorite dog listener, Ebby.
This is from Kirsten, who is her owner.
And what does she have to say, Griff?
She has to say,
woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, kibble.
Okay, but translated, Travis, how would you translate that loosely?
Happy anniversary, Badoodly Kitten.
I adopted you a year ago,
and I can't imagine what my life was like before.
You are my constant companion, my best friend,
and my snuggle, snuggle bug.
I love you so much.
I'm gonna edit out that part of you saying that.
And just make a looped MP3 that I go to sleep to.
Because I think that would make me feel really safe.
I'm glad.
Thank you.
Is it possible that this is not a dog animal,
and that this is some sort of weird domination S&M thing,
and Ebby is her man dog?
You think maybe it's like a Randy Jackson dog?
Like, it's like a Randy Jackson.
It's like a, it's, it's like a...
Timbaland.
Is it like a Timbaland dog scenario,
where it's like a domination dog S&M thing,
only I guess it's like a gentle S&M,
because they like to cuddle?
Yeah.
That's probably exactly what it is, Griffin.
Thank you for taking this really sweet message
from a dog owner to her pet,
and just really ruining it.
I petted it.
I petted it too hard.
You petted the goof too hard,
then you broke its neck.
Hey, guys.
Have you heard of Gimo Games?
Yeah.
Yeah?
They're making this iPhone game, right?
It's called Monster Guru.
It's like a hand-drawn version of Pokemon.
I know.
Using the iPhone's geo-tracking,
the character in the game moves as you move in real life.
And we have a cameo that somebody in their Kickstarter video
was totally wearing our t-shirt, so...
Nice.
You gotta go find that.
They just want you to donate to their Kickstarter.
And I don't think that's asking too much.
No, I think this game is gonna be just absolutely dope.
And so you, as the kind public,
should fund it.
And to do that, you should go to Gimogames.com,
and that's G-I-M-O-Games.com slash fund,
and then donate to their iPhone game on Kickstarter.
Is Pikachu in the game?
No, it's like...
There's like a hand-drawn Pikachu.
So it'll look like a it'll look like a caricature of Wilford Brimley, basically.
But a hand.
It's basically Pikachu with a mustache.
Right.
I want it.
I know, Griffin, you're speaking his language, Gimogames,
and Griffin is ready for it.
So I'm ready for it,
but the only way we're gonna get Griffin to play this game
is if we go to Gimogames, that's G-I-M-O-Games.com,
forward slash fund and help set them up.
So do that and tell them, you know,
that we love them and that you love them
and you can't wait to play their game.
I was so inspired.
I thought I would write them a theme song.
Please do.
For their game?
Yeah, for their game.
Monster Guru!
Monster Guru!
It's you and Peehee!
I catch you on my iPhone!
Monster Guru, you're my best bud
and the world we must defend.
Monster Guru, let's go fight other monsters.
Our courage will pull us through!
You teach me and I'll teach you!
Monster Guru!
This is the, this is bad tabulature.
Gotta catch em all!
Gotta catch all the monsters!
MonsterGuru.com, what's the website?
That was the original art,
that was the original piece of art
under fair use of the Creative Commons license.
Did you guys ever watch Pokemon
and think how great it would be
if every night, if I had Pokemon,
what I would do is every night
I would poke each of them and say,
nope, not ready to eat yet.
And then go to sleep.
Cause I think that would really cute them
on their toes.
Yeah, and then just after like a couple weeks of that,
one of them disappears.
One of them goes away.
How come they never ate their Pokemon?
Would that be a sin against Christ?
It's the best sin, I bet it tastes so good.
I'm sorry, Monster Guru, that wasn't a very good,
I'll catch you on the flip.
Once you get your game out,
I'm gonna record you a fresh theme song.
Send me a beta, maybe with a few monsters pre-caught.
A little bonus, a little perk for your boy.
For doing such a great job on our theme song.
I just got my guitar restored.
Could you hear the quality?
I could.
What kind of, what'd you go with, Elixir?
Nah, I just wanted to play an old D'Addario's.
You know, the man is the instrument, not the strings.
How many strings did you put back on it?
12.
How about, there's a bunch.
How about this one?
It was sent in by Emily Wall.
Thank you, Emily.
It's by Yahoo!
Answers user Horde, who asks,
can't stress up as firefighters
in order to save people from a burning building.
Good idea or not?
What?
Not.
Not, that was easy.
If nothing else, I just can't believe
that they've had the proper training.
Well, Yahoo!
Answers user VivaLaRosa777 responded, why not?
I think it is a very noble idea
and it will make the kids want to serve the public
and care for people and help people in general.
A very fine idea indeed.
Is it?
So he has a good point.
This is like AmeriCorps, isn't it?
Isn't this what that is, the Peace Corps?
It's like Newt Gingrich's Army of Children Janitors.
Exactly.
You can pay 30 firefighters the wage of one firefighter
and you will only lose like four kids per fire, I bet.
And lots of people know that because of the extra innocence,
children are far less flammable.
I think that you could just take this idea
and really run with it and be like,
children dressed up as doctors.
That's great.
That's great.
And we can have like our own kids crusade, right?
We could do that again.
This is actually what Kid Nation was about.
Oh, I did.
A bunch of kid firefighters and kid doctors.
Cutting therapists.
Right.
It's a bad idea?
Well, here's the thing.
Sometimes you've got to keep your head down,
right, to get out of the smoke.
Kids' heads are naturally down.
That's like the one thing they have on me is that.
They're lower to the ground.
They're lower to the ground.
They require less air to go in their tiny, beautiful lungs.
You know how you and I have to stop, drop, and roll
if we catch on fire?
Kids that have that down to two steps,
they can just stop and roll.
They're already so low to the ground.
Yeah.
And they're not really contributing much to society.
So if we lose a couple, like, what are we out?
They weren't even paying taxes.
Yeah.
They won't have families that we'll have to take care of.
Yeah.
I think that the economy is as bad as it is
because all these freeloading kids everywhere.
Yeah.
So maybe we put them to work, you know?
Like, you know, as doctors, you know, lawyers, miners.
Here's the thing.
You never hear about, like, in the news,
like, a dad waking up and the house is on fire
and so he saves all of his kids.
You never hear about that.
It's always a kid or a dog or a pig.
Right.
Yeah.
It's always one of those three things.
I don't know why that is.
Maybe kids have natural fire senses.
Yeah. Maybe it's that they're beautiful, sweet little lungs.
Don't need as much air and their head's so low.
And maybe they get-
Is it possible the dads are just really forgetful?
The dads just lay there and, like, die.
Well, this is the end.
Well, this is it.
Guess the time for,
I knew I should have gotten a dog!
That's what he said to his own father.
The dads are just happy for a way out.
Yeah.
I thought my stupid ass son would come rescue me.
The kids, they're so low and they get in the heat of the moment,
pun intended, they get so diesel
and they just pull their dad all the way downstairs.
They get fully gamma-rayed and they just go for it.
They freak out and they get super D's
and they just pull them downstairs
and then they save the whole day.
Yeah.
You know, wouldn't you hate that to be that kid that, like, doesn't
and, like, dad comes outside and he's, like, coughing
and, like, you know, covered in soot and stuff.
He's, like, where the fuck were you?
Daniel!
I waited in my bedroom for an hour and a half.
I want to hit you guys with this.
People say, oh, children of firefighters, that's so dangerous.
Let me ask you this.
When was the last time you heard of a child firefighter dying?
Never?
Maybe they're better at it than you think.
When have you ever heard of a child brain surgeon
killing a person by cutting their brain wrong?
Never.
They are batting a thousand vis-a-vis brain surgery.
Yeah.
I think kids are maybe way better at it than you give them credit for.
You know, you just point a kid at a burning building and tell them,
hey, Gullah Gullah Allen's in there.
Go get him out.
Go get Gullah Gullah.
Stay, stay low.
Stay low.
What would Binya Binya do?
He'd crouch.
What would Binya, shh, like me?
You know, I went to a child therapist once
and I was really depressed.
And now I eat like two packages of cookies a day and I feel great.
I'm so happy all the time.
Kids have it figured out, man.
They know not to be firefighters because it's dangerous.
So they don't do it.
Maybe kids are smarter than we give them credit for.
If you think about all this stupid shit that we have to do day to day,
and I don't just mean lying to your mechanic that you know how to do things.
I mean like everything, you know?
You know, burying loved ones, paying your mortgage.
Like kids don't have to do any of it.
And we think that we have to teach them so they can be ready to,
man, I think they got it all figured out.
They already cracked the case.
It's like the Benjamin Button of having shit figured out.
Like they are living it a hundred percent from the start.
And then we just whittle that away.
Like the wisdom that they have.
So you're trying to set up like a Logan's Run scenario.
Yes.
Okay.
Exactly.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
Where we don't have, maybe we don't need a bunch of grown up firefighters.
If none of us know how to build houses or make fire because we're all kids,
then we won't need it.
You know what else you don't hear about?
Kid arsonists.
Yeah.
Kids are the ones setting the fires.
Put out your own goddamn fires.
You know, a baby president didn't get us into the Vietnam War.
That's right.
So there's that.
Baby presidents never gotten us.
How many wars has baby president gotten us in?
A baby president?
All the baby presidents all together, their careers combined?
They kept a balanced budget for our country.
You know, it's funny.
No baby president got us into Vietnam, but one lone baby soldier got us out.
Oh, God.
I can't wait to see Baby Brigade this summer.
Yeah, me too.
Band of babies.
They're making a dirty dozen with babies, but there's only eight of them because babies are stupid.
You don't know how many there are, baby.
Okay.
I've got to show you.
I'm going to pitch it to you guys.
All right.
Band of little brothers.
Just a bunch of little brothers.
What about a shot for shot remake of the entire series of Lost,
but everyone's babies and it's called Baby Island.
Confusing Baby Island.
I'd watch that.
Yeah, I would watch that too.
The smoke monsters made of diapers.
And it's also called Gullah Gullah Island.
It's called Gullah Gullah Island, the babies edition.
Except Locke is still an adult, still played by the same guy.
Everyone else is babies.
Mm-hmm.
He looks like a baby.
He looks like a baby.
I know.
And he's in a diaper, so he's very confused the whole time.
You guys remember Honey, I Blew Up the Kids?
John Locke looks like halfway between baby and blown up, doesn't he?
He does.
I guess I can see that.
Like a tall-
You put him in overalls and a curly wig.
Imagine a tall bipedal baby.
That is what we're talking about.
It's cool though because he's got a giant M&M in his shirt pocket.
Is it weird that when I talk about babies, I have to talk in this voice
so I don't wake up the imaginary baby in my room?
I don't think that's weird.
Okay.
I don't do it.
I don't do it.
I don't, it's not a conscious decision.
Is there an age cutoff for imaginary baby that you talk to in your room?
I just, I just want to be soft, you know?
Is imaginary baby there right now, Griffin?
Babies aren't tough, you know, guys.
So don't get rough.
Let's not get rough with these babies.
Do you ever sit in a, do you have a rocker in your office
in which you snuggle and rock your imaginary baby?
It's not a real, it's not a real imaginary baby.
I'm just saying, I talk like there is one.
I know, I know it's not a real imaginary baby, sweetie.
If you guys wouldn't mind, just like keep it down.
Keep your voices down a little bit.
What's his name?
It's adorable.
His name is Dor, Dor, Dorp.
Wait, hold on.
Did you name your imaginary baby Dorp?
He sounded like the head of the House of Lannister.
Oh, God.
I like the one where your imaginary baby taught me how to play golf.
And Tim Conway has Dorp.
He's short because he's a baby.
It's an imaginary baby that lives in Griffith's heart.
Dorp.
You know, when I, when I go, whenever I go hiking,
I always bring a big bag of Dorp.
Delicious.
Hey, guys.
Yeah.
I would like to keep the chuckles going.
I will leave.
I will leave the show forever.
We had some requests on Twitter.
I will get up and I will leave the country.
People wanted me to do a sad lib, so I wrote one.
I think, I know that you guys don't usually cotton to these,
but I think you'll really like this one.
I've been, I took a creative writing course.
Just, just go, just go, just go, just go.
Just do it.
It was another moist night in Boner City.
It's a, why is it, hold on, stop, stop, stop, stop.
It always starts with moist.
And I think if you're going to do this,
you may as well do it right and mix it up.
And I'm just saying, it always starts with moist.
So if you're going to do this awful thing, do it better.
It was another uncomfortably wet night in Boner City
and I was as shitty as an incorporeal wiener.
I just ordered another ice dong from the scabby bartender Usher
when I fractured my gaze on a hypertension beauty across the bar.
I made my way over facetiously.
Pardon my genocide, I defenestrated,
but you have the most erect mandible I have ever floundered.
Oh, is that an aardvark in your flibberty gibbet
or you just boner de bogart me, she ruminated.
Let's ping pong this prestidigitation
and get down to tomfoolery, I rucketed.
What's your name, fiddlesticks?
Bunny hug geronimo, she said with a wedding on her face.
And you, maverick, maverick flesh daddy.
And with that, we climbed onto my laser comb
and cudgled all night long.
That was your longest one yet.
I'm so sorry.
It was a nightmare, Travis.
It was a waking nightmare.
But did you guys like all the dramatic tension?
There was build, there was character development.
The vast majority of my friends are male
and are all mutual friends.
I am a lady.
While I care for all of them,
I have romantic feelings for one in particular
who has mutual feelings for me.
However, I get to feel that some of the others
may have romantic feelings towards me as well.
How do I handle the situation
so that the least amount of people get their feelings hurt?
That's from Worried in Washington.
Damn.
Damn, girl, Vixen.
You gotta date all of them?
Date them all at once, girl.
Date them all.
Damn.
Tears. Ain't you never seen Wings?
I love that season where she's dating both brothers.
It was a weird season.
And then Roy got in the mix.
Yeah, you know.
And Lowell was there.
I actually just watched the fifth season
Dawson's Creek episode, Appetite for Destruction,
where the gang has a dinner at Graham's Place in Boston.
And it's when Jen and Dawson get back together.
And of course, this group has paired off
in so many different ways
that it makes for an awkward evening.
But you know what they do?
They hit it head on.
And they don't try to keep anything secret.
They don't play a lot of games.
They just go for it.
And I think that that's the only way
you're gonna handle the situation,
to just be really super direct about it.
I mean, you don't have feelings for those other guys.
If they get their feelings hurt,
that's their own fault for getting the wrong message.
Can you tell us more?
Can you give us more Dawson's Creek recaps?
Because between that and the Sad Lead,
this is, I would say, our most compelling episode yet.
It was just a metaphor.
I mean, something I was using to illustrate a point.
Sure, sure.
That's all.
I mean, she's got just...
I don't think you need to worry about,
am I wrong?
I mean, I get how this sort of...
What's what I'm looking for?
Energy, this sort of relationship could develop.
But, you know, it's not like you owe them anything.
Yeah, I think as long as you're being really careful
not to like lead anybody on and, you know...
As long as these other guys have not gotten the impression
from you that you have feelings for them,
you know, if they have questions on you,
if they have feelings for you,
then that's, you know, that's their issues to deal with.
Hopefully the fact that they are your guys' mutual friends,
they'll be happy for you if you're happy.
That's kind of the thing, right?
Like they're not...
If they're not the sort of people that want to,
you know, be happy for you
when you get into a relationship that makes you happy,
then, and they, you know,
they were only interested in dating you,
then they weren't really your real friends.
But that's not how the human mind works.
It's not how the human heart works either.
But you got to bring some element of logic to these scenarios.
There's what is logical about love, you know,
putting yourself out there and just letting yourself...
Boy, howdy.
Just get hurt.
I think you should just chase your bliss.
Yeah.
Isn't that what I'm saying she should do?
I, well, yeah, but you said it in a hundred words.
I'm saying it in three.
Chase, period, your, period, bliss, period.
Period.
Don't chase your bliss, period, though.
That's...
Chase your miss bliss.
Mm-hmm.
Wait, I said it wrong.
No, you did that.
Find it.
Get it.
It's 20 does.
Get it.
Get your love.
And everything else doesn't matter.
Yeah.
They're gonna, if they're your friends,
they'll be happy for you.
You know what I think?
Honestly, I think, Justin, you're right.
Head on is the best approach,
because if you walk on eggshells and like,
it gives the impression that you're, you know,
that it's a bigger deal than it is.
You know what I mean?
These guys are like,
you know what I mean, these guys that have feelings for you
may read into you trying to be delicate about their feelings.
It's like,
she's trying to let me, you know,
like, as opposed to just being head on and direct
and being clear about it,
sending a clear message of like,
hey, we're just friends.
And they may not, you know,
you may be wrong about the feelings for you.
You know, it's hard to separate that
when you've been friends with somebody for a long time.
Maybe it's that it's like a room full of 20 dudes and you,
so it might seem like that's feelings for you
because they're gonna flirt with you.
Yeah.
Yeah, and you know what?
If they haven't pounced already on this relationship,
they're apparently, this torch that they're holding,
they're probably gonna be perfectly content
to continue holding a torch.
In fact, it's even better
because now they don't have to feel guilty
about not pursuing it.
They can just live in sort of this tortured,
sad agony of love.
Yeah, so good job.
Good work.
20 does.
20 does.
20 does, you're getting it.
I'd like to start a segment every week
during this year for the remainder of it
where one of us just talks about how we got it this year.
So our sort of self-made motto doesn't seem disingenuous.
Okay, Griffin, how did you get it this year?
Or this week?
Sure, this week, yeah.
This week, I heard a knock at the door
and I went and answered it and it was a stranger
and they were holding a clipboard
with a bunch of magazines on it
and they started talking and I said,
I don't want to waste your time.
I am not going to buy any magazines
and they said thank you and left.
You know what I did this week?
I went to the mall to kill some time
and while I was at the mall, I saw the manicure place
and you guys had told me that getting manicures was good
but this is West Virginia
so there weren't any other men in there ever forever
but I went in anyway and said,
hey, I'm ready for a manicure.
Yeah.
My brother said I need to try this
so I'm just going to get it and 20 does.
It was great, relaxing.
How is the conversation is what I want to know.
Oh, sort of screechy and only half English.
Were they like, how's your menopause?
Ah, no, ah, damn it.
No, then Justin just brought up Dawson's Creek
and they all had common ground.
Travis.
Oh, how did I get it?
I've been doing my Pilates videos.
I share Netflix queue with Travis.
He is not joking about that.
Damn it.
I'm not.
Oh God, it's real?
Yeah, man.
I want to get healthy and I'm not ashamed of the methods
in which I do it.
I am ashamed of it because I share it
and people see the queue and they're like,
Griffin, did you do Dr. Feelgood's stretchaholics
2012 AbFlex core blasters with a Z?
I don't mean to shut you down, Griffin,
but I do it with my girlfriend
and it's very nice and couple time together
and we're getting healthy together.
We're fucking getting it.
I don't let my girlfriend see me sweat.
That's true.
I mostly just do the yoga.
I share Netflix queue with my in-laws
and my ten-year-old, sorry, 11-year-old sister-in-law.
So my Netflix queue is like one really cool movie
and then Suite Life of Zack and Cody and then-
And Riley's like,
why did you put Suite Life of Zack and Cody
on my instant queue, Justin?
And you're like, I ran out of Dawson's Creek episodes.
Sorry, Suite Life of Zack and Cody on deck.
It's on there.
There is a time where I like to just get on Netflix
and watch the first two minutes of every episode
of Melissa and Joey
so that when Travis loaded up his instant queue,
he had a whole treat waiting for him.
That explains so much.
Or that Travis's girlfriend would see it and be like,
oh, you watched all the episodes of Melissa and Joey.
Oh, in one day.
I didn't even know that was possible.
To save on production costs,
they actually only filmed the first two minutes
of each episode.
The rest is 28 minutes of an empty set
because they figured no one's gonna keep watching.
While Joey Lawrence sleeps it.
This is how I earn my paychecks.
There's no more show.
Go on, there's no more show.
Please go, this is where I sleep.
Whoa, whoa, you're still here.
We didn't make any more show.
Please lock up on your way out.
I'm loamless.
Oh, fuck.
That show is off.
What do we do now?
Just the worst.
Where do we go from here?
We could, you know what we should do.
Tell me, we fucked up pretty bad last week.
Or last month.
Are we gonna do like two shitty things in one episode?
Can we limit it to one shitty thing per show?
It doesn't have to be shitty.
Listen, Justin.
Thousands of people died last month.
Thousands of people died last month.
Thousands.
Because they didn't know that it was carnival season.
All right.
They did not know it was national radon action month.
All right, tell me what February is.
Thousands died.
Well, Justin, it's a lot of things.
Is there a funny thing that it is?
It is jobs in golf month.
That's what dwarf does, right?
It is February is fabulous Florida strawberry month.
So international hoof care month.
If you want to take care of your pony's feet.
It's your pull your sofa off the wall month, which what?
What?
Hold on.
Say again.
Pull your sofa off the wall month.
Why?
Justin, that's our job.
My sofa is on the wall.
I want to keep it there.
Why am I pulling off?
Is this a fire hazard?
It took me hours to super glue that bitch up there.
Yeah.
This month incur.
I'm looking at pull yourself off the wall month and answers.com.
Thank you.
Answers.com says February 1st through 28th.
This month encourages people to experiment with and freshen up
their home decor through new furniture arrangement.
Wow.
So not particularly funny.
That's not it.
It's sad.
Like this is the country that we're in that people come up with
days for this.
Like, do you realize there are people out there that are starving?
They don't have enough to eat.
If you put a bag of dwarf in front of them, they would devour it.
And and and we're talking about like, I need to reorganize the
furniture in my home that I have.
Like, what's wrong with us?
I'm a soup kitchen and donate your time.
Just put it in the middle of the room.
I guess this could be a really good solution for the guy who is
wondering what to do while the people install the security system.
Just repeatedly push the sofa against the wall and then move it
back and then push it back and then just like shake your head and
rub your chin.
I just keep doing it.
Let's for me, if for me, pull the sofa off the wall month is have
a wall coated in recent chocolate chew wrappers and dirt.
That's all that's back there.
It's called sticky rectangle of floor month.
Yeah.
God, you know what?
I think we should have stuck with jobs in golf month because there's
a lot of golfer golf pro golf pro club maker, grass tender, whole
digger check Chevy Chase Chevy Chase in that movie about Chevy
Chaser Chevy Chaser bald eye bald eye.
Hey, man, did you go out with Deborah the other day?
Yeah, dude turned out she was a real Chevy Chaser.
Also, I am Chevy Chase.
I say is she a Chevy Chaser, but she ain't messing with men who
are not named Chevy.
She messing with Dan Aykroyd.
No, Dan Aykroyd.
Aykroyd, fuck, man.
There aren't that many jobs in golf February.
Now there's pretty much just golf golfer guy who helps out golfer
assistant.
What are they the club?
The club is club.
Yes.
Clubber club barista club barista club arena.
Yeah.
Golf course designer.
What about rich people who live on golf courses to make that golf
course seem nicer?
That's good.
That's a good one.
Yeah, and then they need window fixers because of all the golf balls.
Because of all the golf balls.
That's correct, Justin.
What about what Brian Brian Doyle Murphy does?
Murray?
Who's that guy?
I was going to get a good riff.
I was going to say golf ball maker, but of course everyone knows that
they use eggs.
Turtle eggs.
Turtle eggs because they're so bouncy.
That would be turtles.
What about mini golf attendees?
The people who have to like chase off.
Windmill winder.
When teens are like fucking on the mini golf course, somebody has to
chase them off and that's a job that we can get paid for.
Get out of that clown's mouth, you fucking teens.
Yeah.
Dirty, dirty, dirty teens.
Oh shit.
Jesus, it's dwarf.
You kids get out of here.
Oh Travis.
I'm an invisible baby.
I'm an invisible baby from Brooklyn.
I'm going to call the baby police to have them come get you out.
Baby firemen in the tiny ladders.
And now I sound like a baby hairdresser.
This is baby mini golf, so you can't even see it.
It's microscopic and it's imaginary.
It's the walk of the dwarfs mini, mini imaginary baby golf.
I owe it all to my dad, Griffin.
So weird.
Now where can I ask for a baby?
It's so weird, now where can I ask this cigar humorously?
Where would be a funny disrespectful place for me to ask my mini imaginary cigar?
I'm dwarf.
Next time on invisible baby wall in the family.
My child is Edith Bunker.
I meant to mention earlier.
I meant to mention the ghost child that's Edith Bunker.
So this has been my brother and my brother's main advice show for the modern era.
Thank you so much for listening.
Get again.
We promise next week might make more sense.
What's going on?
mbnbam.com is our website, at mbnbam on Twitter.
You can follow us there for all the latest scoops and poops.
And we haven't mentioned in a while, but maximumfun.org, we got forums over there.
That so every episode that goes up, there's a forum topic and you can chat about the show.
Yeah, talk about all the shit that just didn't make sense this week.
Yeah, did you guys notice that this week?
It did not make sense.
Thank you so much.
People who are tweeting about the show.
The lovely Heather Macaulay, Matt McC1, funny Sorenson, the shirms.
Our boy, Mitchie D, black nerd, quiet alien.
Jay Wiltshire, on the wren, everybody.
I really, I really appreciate it.
Banker, C Kilgore.
Thank you, everybody.
I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
I recommend that everybody buy it every week.
And this week is no different.
We could do that thing.
I also want to thank everybody.
Cincinnati Shakespeare Company won the lights.
So thank you, everybody, who went and voted for our lighting video in the Ledco challenge.
You have helped us win $20,000 in light.
So thank you so much.
Wow.
I hope they have they realize that you're the orchestrator of that.
I hope so, too.
I think they do.
I think my stock has gone way up.
I'm basically I am Shakespeare.
If you have some free time this week when you're not listening to all the great maximum
fun podcasts, get In Case of an Emergency.
It's Travis's other show where he talks about disaster scenarios and how to best survive them.
And when you're not doing that, you should check out The Satellite Dish with Justin and Sidney.
They talk about, you know, TV and all the zaniness therein.
This past episode, they talk about hoarders.
It was dope.
Good work, guys.
Thanks.
Thanks, Trav.
And then you should check out Griffin's podcast.
Griffin, what's it called again?
It's called Bathroom.
It's called Bathroom Reviews.
I go around town.
I go around town to different public bathrooms, and then I I highlight the best ones and then
I low light the worst one.
That's just some terminology I use on the show.
It's Bathroom Reviews on iTunes.
Get it on your iPod.
Griffin, can you give us one more, you know, question?
Sure.
This one we could think about.
Yeah.
True on this one.
It's sent in by Joseph Schmeisser.
Schmeisser.
Thank you, Joseph.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Tyrone, whose profile picture is a bear.
He asks, when were dogs invented?
I'm Dorp.
I'm Dorp.
I am Dan Moreno.
To my brother, my brother, it means kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Teens.
Keep your heart.
Three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart.
Three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Play your part.
I'm Jesse Thorne, America's radio sweetheart.
And I'm Jordan Morris, boy detective.
You know me mostly as a stentorian public radio host.
And you probably know me as a cable TV cutout.
Every week on our show, Jordan, Jesse, Go, I would say that we share a little slice of
our hearts.
Yeah, and dick jokes.
We are both complex and aimless.
Leaving you with a empty, dirty feeling after the podcast is over.
And a chalky taste in your mouth.
But if you start to taste pennies, that's not us.
That's a heart attack.
And remember, a stroke is a brain attack.
Yeah.
We talk about, like, important stuff that's going on in our lives, like babies and dogs
and traveling.
With some very impressive guests from the worlds of art and entertainment.
Yeah, Sarah Val, Rob Corddry, Kurt Anderson.
They've all had to sit through many, many dick jokes made by us.
It's all online at maximumfun.org.
Just click on Jordan, Jesse, Go or search for Jordan, Jesse, Go in your iTunes.
