The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, me, and advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary Griffin McElroy.
Oh boys, I'm so excited. Why are you excited? Because it's Avengers Infinity War Watch.
Infinity Watch? Let's go with Infinity Watch. Yes, we watched Avengers Infinity War Watch
at midnight in Detroit and right after a live show because we felt like we'd fucking earned it.
And boy, that was a late one, but I sure enjoyed seeing all the Avengers get back together to fight
off the big bad one who was I think a demon and it was very late and I loved seeing Fireman do his
stunts. I will say just a brief spoiler, I think my favorite thing was watching all those beefy
bros hugging. Oh, I love to see those beefy bros together. You saw beef boys who to this point
have existed in their own movies and Stan Lee and his beautiful mind made them all get together and
hug in the same movie and I said, so good. I said yes. Yeah, I said yes too. Griffin and I were
watching it for the first time in that theater and we both kept saying yes over and over and over
again. Yes, yes, yes, good hugs. I think that my favorite moment in the movie, once again, spoilers,
is when Star-Lord and Tony Stark just stop what they're doing and make out so hard. Yeah, they
kiss each other really hard on the mouth. For like a long time and then they stop and they say like,
now we're forever bros. Yeah, I remember saying yes out loud on that one. Ant-Man was there,
people, a lot of buzz talking about how he wasn't, but he was just so very small. Small,
he's actually in the entire movie. He punched the space demon so hard that I thought I was gonna
nut. I lost it. I said yes like three times in a row. Did you guys, when Space Grimace stopped the
movie and he yelled at our projectionist and called him by name. Yeah. He said, Derek, stop the movie
and then he sat on a stump that he had recently sawed down himself. So it's 15 minutes of him
sawing this tree down, right? Yes, I remember. And I'm like seven and a half minutes in thinking,
is this hard? And it was because he sat down and he ate about seven bananas and the sequence took
about 20 minutes. And I mean, I get it that he's very, just the caloric intake it would take to
power a titan like him. In his defense, he said there's probably an infinity gem in one of these
bananas and I'm gonna find it the old fashioned way. And he was right. Yeah, and he was right.
There it was, the tropical gem. But all your favorites were in this one, Iron Man, Spider-Man.
Wait, the Animaniacs, Crash Bandicoot, Marco Rubio. They all got together for the-
Rick or Morty, whichever one is the scientist. Yeah, haven't seen it.
I like the part where they revealed that Stan Lee was actually the world's greatest hero
and he had just been like stepping between dimensions. That was a pretty huge reveal
because this whole time you're like, oh, it's nice of them to put in some cameos
for old Stan Lee. But then you're like, no, actually he's Shazam.
He played Batman in this one. It felt masturbatory a little bit. He's like,
well, this is my movie, so I'm gonna save it. And he does. It felt a little masturbatory,
but it might just be that way because he masturbated in one scene.
There was that one scene where he masturbated real hard.
Right there, real good. And also then he pulled out the book that
he was writing the movie in as the movie was happening and he wrote down Stan Lee masturbates
and then he did it. Do you think, Stan Lee's an older fellow, probably doesn't leave his house
much. I know that he's a nonagenarian, I believe, but they want him to film all this jazz. If it
was me, I'd never leave my house. Do you think Stan Lee has a green screen room in his home
that they just like come and load in like half a school bus or like a DJ table or an electric
chair, if you remember that one. Little known fact, Andy Serkis plays Stan Lee in all the
Marvel movies. In a lot of them. But all your friends are here. You're gonna see a lot of
familiar faces like Scarlet Witch, bonkers from the TV show Bonkers. Totally nuts. Toxic Avengers.
Toxic Avengers. I think I said Marco Rubio. I'm in it. Yeah, Big Bad Beetleborgs.
And they line up and one by one punch the demon. And he stands there and he's like,
I'm too tough for this. And Stan Lee gets the killing blow. Anyway, it's a pretty bad movie,
and I don't know why everybody liked it so much, because I thought it was trash.
Not a good movie. There's a lot of masturbation in it.
Have you heard of the masturbation, the 20 minutes of banana eating,
the 15 minutes of log sawing? It's just not a good, well put together film.
Bonkers just sort of runaway racism.
Yeah. Oh, huge. Huge. Huge, big racism.
I also found it weird that it seems like every superhero had a bathroom break in the movie.
And the movie would stop. They'd be like, I have to go to the bathroom. And then everybody would
just stand around while Drax or Thor or whoever went to the bathroom. And they'd wait for them
to come back. I also thought it was weird when Drax changed his name to Rax and then tried to
sell everybody roast beef sandwiches. Yeah.
Here's the one that killed me. Here's the one where I had to get up and leave.
There is a 37 minute steady cam shot of Peter Stormare scrolling through direct TV listings.
There's nothing on. There's nothing on. There's nothing on. I don't want this.
I've seen this episode of Mystery at the Museum before. There's nothing on.
And it's like 37 minutes of that. Sometimes if you look out the window,
you can kind of see Green Lantern flying around or something. But it's like, by and large,
there's nothing happening in this scene. That moved this narrative forward.
I did not say yes once during this scene. I did not say yes once during the banana scene.
I did not say yes. I said yes once during the Stanley jerk off scene.
Yes. And you know when I said it.
You don't have to. Yeah.
I will say, all in all, I like the beefy boys hugging. Yeah.
I like the Stanley fight scenes. Three out of five.
Well, it's important that we do a review every time we do one of these segments.
We've always done it. Yep.
You got to put a number on it. If you don't put a number on it, it doesn't count.
Hey, Super Justin. That's an Avengers joke. Can you read a question?
My father was recently retelling a story over dinner that I've heard
since early childhood. When he was in grade school, he was playing American football.
Hey, you don't have to do that. No, I appreciate it.
This is a safe place. Thank you for clarifying.
With some friends before being aggressively tackled to the ground by a boy a few years
older than he, blacking out instantly and waking up in the hospital.
The boy did not apologize. This time in telling the story, however,
my father casually revealed that the tackler was Mark Harmon.
My question is this. Do I have a legitimate case against Mark Harmon for tackling my dad?
And if so, what should I say slash do upon him seeing him in court or otherwise?
Please advise. I need closure now that I'm fully aware of the direct link between NCIS
and my primal fear of contact sports. That's from healing in Hawaii.
Now, is it possible that your dad has told this story a lot of times and has felt like,
maybe I don't grab him like I used to. This time, I'm going to lie and say it was
Mark Harmon who tackled. Like your dad just out of the corner of his eye saw an episode of NCIS
playing and he said Mark Harmon. And what's going to happen is you're going to go on like a cross
country manhunt for Mark Harmon. You're going to find him and you're going to be like, Mark Harmon,
you tackled my dad. And Mark Harmon is going to be like, I never even played football,
American or otherwise. And you're like, what? And Mark Harmon is the perfect poll for that,
right? Because if he was trying to impress you and he's like, I got tackled by all of Destiny's
child, then you would know like, come on, daddy, that's a lie. Mark Harmon, I could see a quiet
rage in those eyes. I could see a tackle monster behind that gentle face.
Is it possible while your dad had the football, he was running into the end zone. He says,
he said something like, I'm going to do some terrorism in the end zone. And Mark Harmon,
you know, said, I'm going to hurt CJ Craig. I'm going to hurt CJ Craig. And then your Mark Harmon
uncle Mark came over and dunked him to the ground for America. Is that a possibility?
I think that's exactly what happened. It's also possible that because this would explain a lot
that Mark Harmon remembers in clear, like perfect detail, tackling this young man. And he felt so
terrible about it that it is what has driven him to excellence today.
Or he felt so good about it that it drove him to excellence and made him feel so powerful and
strong. And here's the flip side of this. If your dad had gotten the big tackle down on NCIS as Mark
Harmon, your dad would be the NCIS man. Your dad would love CJ Craig.
I don't, I won't take any more jokes about Mark Harmon. The man's a fucking hero.
And I'm not going to, I was not joking at all. Well, I was, I mean,
now I'm like saying he's a literal hero. I've told the story before on this podcast.
I'm fairly certain. And I'm going to tell it again. The year was 1996.
A young Colin Sprecht, 16 years old in a, in a riding shotgun and his friend's car,
the friend's joy riding. There was a crash in the Brentwood section of Los Angeles.
And the crash, luckily for Colin Sprecht, just happened to be in front of the home of Mark
Harmon. Mark Harmon goes to the car and he used a sledgehammer to break the window of the car.
That he just, that he just had.
He's going to bring, I'm going to bring this fucking sledgehammer. I'm going to need it.
He tugged me because I was still upside down with the seatbelt in and he ripped me out of the car,
said Sprecht. And he suffered third degree burns and was hospitalized for months.
So a little bit faster on the draw next time, Mark. But Mark Harmon, Mark Harmon had never
spoken about the incident until the story in 2013. Didn't tell anybody about it.
And here's what he said when actually, actually interviewed about it. He said,
I won't take credit for it because if the car exploded and I'm there next to the car,
then you're talking about two young boys who don't have a father, said Harmon.
And you'd be doing this interview with my wife and talking about how stupid it was.
So humble. And you know, he was sprinting towards the car, his Mjolnir in hand.
Yes.
And he had the thought, I only have the courage to do this because of the great
tackle I did where I dunked that kid to, I dunked that kid to sleep on the gridiron.
And that, but here's the thing, that could have been your dad. That could have been your
dad living in a nice house in Brentwood, ready to be on West Wing.
Or is it maybe a penance? Is it maybe to get forgiveness for the terrible tackle?
He has to rescue a hundred people from burning cars.
And now he just has 99 miles to go.
In some way or someone must have some kind of like tally marker of how many times we
gently or directly referenced the lives of Blackjack Savage.
The wildest part about this story, if I saved someone's groceries from a car that had stalled
to the side of a country road, it would be all I talked about for the rest of my fucking life.
It would be like, oh yeah, there were popsicles and they were about to melt.
And I was like, not on my watch. And I got most of them.
I ate three of them as a payment.
Yeah, but it'd be all I talked about.
It would be in my bio when you'd come to see me at the off-off-Broadway one-man show
where I tell the story of how I saved someone from a burning car.
Beloved popsicle rescuer, Justin McElroy.
Anyway, I love Mark Harmon.
Here's a Yahoo that was sent in by level 9,000 Yajuritru Davenport.
It's from Yajuranser's user, YuWrong, who asks,
heroes and villains?
Who are the biggest heroes and villains in baseball today?
Give your reasons why.
Well, Damien Darke, the pitcher for the Orioles, everybody seems to hate this guy.
He throws his pitch wildly and sometimes somebody will look at him weird from the stands
and he'll throw a pitch right at him and get the person on base.
So the team hates him, too, because that's not great.
You're not supposed to just throw the ball right.
Well, hold on.
If you throw the ball right out into the stands and hit somebody who's like yelling like,
Damien, you're a dipshit, and you hit him and the popcorn goes up all funny,
is that a point for the other team or is it a foul?
Do you know how much I want to play in this space with you?
Desperately want to play in this space with you.
I don't understand enough about modern sport, I think,
to play with you here in the space you've created.
Well, then let me tell you the biggest villain,
and I think we can both agree on this, the Philly fanatic.
Yeah, yeah.
Mostly because of how many he's killed.
I remember that one time he was dancing on top of the dugout
and whatever you want to define his gaping maw or proboscis or whatever you want to call it,
he just leaned down and swallowed a person whole
because they were rooting for the other team.
Oh, I hate that.
You hate that when that happens.
And he's done it so much, like twice a game for the last 20 years.
Is that true or?
Yeah, Philly fanatic eats people.
Biggest hero, I would say, is probably Stew.
And this is a guy that sells beer for the Orioles.
Again, it's the only team I'm able to pull for some reason right now.
And he just walks through and he's just like, ice cold beer.
And he says it in a way that I hear it,
and I'm not really enjoying myself because it's 200 fucking degrees
and the game's been going on for nine hours.
And I hear him say, ice cold beer.
And I think like, oh, Stew, you got my fucking number.
Slide me, what is that?
Oh, a Bud Light?
I guess.
Do you have the ones in like the metal bottles?
You don't?
You just have it in like, you know, sloppy Slurpee cups that are gonna get all over?
Okay.
Can I at least get a Bud Light lime?
Because it's summer.
Summertime, Stew.
Summer beer?
Summer beer, ice cold light.
Summer beer from Swo-
What was that?
What did you say, Stew?
Don't worry about it.
So biggest villain, another big one, is the Caddyshack Mole.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like they work so hard to maintain the greens, and then, you know,
Randy Johnson throws a big pitch, and then the Mole jumps up and grabs the ball
and takes it back underground,
and then everybody's game is ruined.
Well, Griffin, you've just dropped a name,
I think, of one of our greatest heroes
for defeating that evil bird, Randy Johnson.
Randy Johnson is a great hero.
That bird was a pervert.
A lot of people won't say it, but we will.
Well, not a lot of birds are perverts
because they have a bird's eye view,
and they'll look down and see some stuff
that you're not supposed to see,
and then they'll be like.
And only Randy Johnson can stop them.
And only Randy Johnson can do it.
One of the big villains for me
is the magic boxing gloves Rocky wears
that make him keep fighting
even if he wants to stop fighting.
Oh, so this is not a greatest villain's baseball thing.
Yeah.
Yes, correct.
Well, you remember when those magic boxing gloves
took a turn at professional baseball.
You great.
I did wanna say, Griffin did say the Caddyshack Mall,
so maybe you guys can all fuck off.
I did still tie it into baseball in some way.
I referenced baseball.
You didn't even let me finish.
Oh, yeah, please.
One of them was a catching glove.
Oh, okay.
And one was a punching glove, so.
Michael Jordan, I don't know which one he is
because he's both a little bit villainous
in that he's like probably not great at the sport,
but everyone's still sort of paying a lot of attention
to him there anyway.
But a hero because he did know when was the right time
to walk away and defeat the Monstars.
Griffin, to touch on a little bit
of your actual sports expertise,
how come in baseball people, there are no heels
and whatever you're called when you're the good guy,
why don't they have more storylines in baseball?
Well, they do, but there's this concept in wrestling
called kayfabe that's like now Shinsuke Nakamura,
my son, is now a heel, and as much as it hurts me
to watch people be angry at him or sad at him
for kicking wrestlers in the balls very, very hard,
which is his new gag, which is great
because he's worked so hard his entire life
to become a professional wrestler
and trained his body and mind and moves,
and now he's just sort of doing some beavis
and butt head stuff out there.
It's still fun because you know he's probably
not that bad a guy, but the bad ones in baseball,
they can actually, my experience has been,
they can actually be quite bad,
even when they're off the-
On and off the court.
On and off the grass court.
So they can get tricky there.
Do you think that the, I think the only way
to denote the bad guys and the good guys
is based on what song they pick for their walkout music
when they come up to bat?
You know what I mean?
Because if they're playing like some ACDC,
they probably see themselves as like the bad boy.
You know, they're like, oh, I'm a bad boy of baseball.
But if you walk out to like some melon camp,
you probably see yourself as like,
I'm just a good, I'm a good guy
just out here trying to play some baseball in America.
There's only one, there's one metric for me,
and it's how many balls you throw out
to the kids in the stands.
You remember Smiley Tevis played for the,
I believe the Baltimore Orioles,
and he would throw every ball he got his hands on
into the crowd, and so he'd, you know,
catch a grounder, he would shortstop,
and then he would run from the shortstop place
all the way over to the out-of-bounds area
and just throw that live ball right out to the kid.
And he would really hum it if memory serves.
He would bust at one of those kids, yeah.
He ended up though being kind of forcibly retired
from baseball though, because also every time
he was up at bat, he would catch the balls
the pitcher would throw, and then he would throw them
into the stands.
Yeah, they hated that.
The umpires didn't know what to do with it,
and they were like, I guess that's a foul ball.
And he would like stand there and like foul
like 11 or 12 times before they'd be like,
okay, just walk, just go, just walk up there,
come on, go away.
Pitchers would just start hitting him
just to get it over with, so Smiley Tevis
got on the plate every single time.
Yeah.
He's my hero.
Okay, that's important.
This morning I decided to wear shorts to work.
It's the first day of May, and they haven't turned
the air conditioning on at school I work at.
There was probably an article in there I was missing,
sorry about that.
Yesterday, I was really hot at the end of the day,
and it was like 78 outside.
Today it's gonna be 85, hence the shorts.
Hey, that's a really good reading of that by the way,
because that really sounded like you had stopped
reading the question and were just telling us
about the shorts you wore.
No, I am wearing shorts, and it is probably too cool
to be wearing them, but I put them on
so I'm pot committed.
So why are all of the other teachers coming up to me
and saying, shorts?
Nice.
As if some kind of island spirit or beach nymph.
It's gonna be hot, I wanna wear shorts.
Help, am I losing my mind?
That's from Shorts Boy in Chicago.
Well, you can, listen, we can all have a lot of fun
here on this show, but you can love shorts
as much as you want.
God knows I'm a fan of those little jeans, as I call them,
and it doesn't make it so that that's the standard
in a business environment.
Like, you can love shorts with all your heart
and be as uncomfortable in long pants as you want,
but it's not gonna change the fact
that you're gonna get a few raised eyebrows
with a pair of shorts.
Wearing shorts to work, especially in the environment
of working at a school or something like that,
is the equivalent of a futuristic dystopia
where one person rises up to defeat the robot overlords
and everybody rallies behind them.
I can imagine that the principal of your school
and, I don't know, the school board,
whoever's in charge of that kind of thing,
was like peeking through blinds at you and your shorts,
like, we gotta stop this person.
We can't let this person wear shorts anymore.
It's like calf loose.
I think that it could have been a compliment
of your buns, maybe.
Like, if they say shorts, nice.
Like, it could have been a buns reference to your buns.
But your shorts aren't, unless they're like,
wholly inappropriate for work,
they're not really featuring the buns
more prominently than long pants.
Aren't they, though?
I mean, it is sort of an indicate.
It does give the hint, the faintest wisp,
of here's a little bit closer of a view
to what's going on there in that region.
Also, to tie it back to baseball,
it's like shrinking the strike zone
of where people are gonna look when they're like,
I wanna see what pants they're wearing, right?
They don't accidentally land on your calves or your knees.
It's like, you are only gonna,
it's 50-50 butt and thigh, you know what I mean?
And so there's a chance, when you look at my pants
to see what kind of pants I'm rocking,
you're probably gonna see my butt.
You'll consider the buns, and it's possible.
Consider the buns!
It's not appropriate for a workplace setting,
but that's not your problem.
Listen, we'd all be wearing shorts all the time
unless it's cold all the time.
And as Justin said, there's a time and a season.
The Bible also said that,
so Justin was technically quoting the Bible.
And I was too when I mentioned the stuff about the buns.
When we do live shows, I would love to wear shorts,
but I don't classically, because I want people to know
that I'm there to conduct my business.
I'm there at a business meeting.
It's nice to be able to walk off stage,
and as soon as you hit the sight line off stage,
just change into shorts.
Because then you know your time's done.
This is a thing people don't do anymore,
that I hear about older generations of coming home
and changing completely out of work clothes,
and now it's time for my home clothes.
And the problem is I work from home,
and I don't know when to do that.
I do that every day at 5.30, I change into shorts.
A.M.?
Best part of my day, yep.
Or today, where I'm already wearing shorts,
I'll change into slightly less dressy shorts.
I'll tell you the good luck
that those old folks had down pat
that is tough to pull off these days
is the shorts with the sock garters.
That makes you look like you are down for anything, friend.
Yeah.
Hard to find, hard to find sock garters.
When you go into any sort of clothing store,
and you say, where's your sock garter section?
You get some looks.
Yeah, they say this is old Navy.
Get out of here, pervert.
You're looking for very old Navy.
Somebody invent elastic,
so we can get rid of these darn things.
Was that what it was?
Yeah, nobody had elastic, because the war was on.
Which war?
We needed them for our rubber band guns?
No, for like tanks and stuff.
Like, because there's plastic.
You don't have plastic, you can't make elastic,
so you can't put elastic into the stockings
or the socks or whatever, so you had to have garters
to hold them up.
You must have slippy socks
for the boys on the front.
There's a war on.
There's a war on.
Your socks must be slippy.
Timothy, your sock holes are so droopy, dude.
Thank you for your service.
Our friends overseas sure do appreciate it.
You're gonna bring them home
with your droopy ass weird old dead socks.
I have a Yahoo here.
This one was sent in by Grin Velesty.
Thank you, Grin.
It's Yahoo Answers user, and I don't know, they're...
What could it matter at this point?
Yeah, I'm gonna call them bubs, asks.
Any ideas for my plant pot experiment?
So, there are types of plant that are basically very tough
and competitive with other plants
and like to take over.
Ivy, mint, dandelion, raspberry, mare's tail, et cetera.
I had an idea of sourcing some of these
and putting them all into one single plant pot
and then waiting to see what happens
as they all fight for dominance
and see what comes out on top.
So to make this interesting,
what would be the best plants to use for this experiment?
I'm looking for competitive plants
that will fight each other for dominance.
Y'all come on over this Sunday.
I got a cooler full of brews.
We're gonna sit down
and watch these plants kick each other's asses.
It is going to be so fucking dope.
I'm having a plant and an illegal plant fight
in the alley behind the Arby's,
and we're gonna meet there
and place our bets and my money's on bamboo.
Their various tendrils and vines
are gonna be whipping hither and yon.
This person is assuming the plants will fight
and not what will actually happen,
which is the plants will team up to defeat you.
Like think about it.
If you were thinking logically what's gonna happen
when I get a bunch of plants together,
the plants are gonna dislike each other
or they're going to dislike the person
who locked them in a pot.
I mean, for a while,
I think they're gonna kick each other's asses
and that's gonna be the sweet spot.
Before they turn on you,
like the raspberry is just wrapping all around
the dandelion and trying to strangle it
and the ivy's just waiting for its chance
and the mare's tail is just really disappointing me
because I thought it was gonna get nasty in there,
but it's just kind of not doing much
because it's just a blazy plant.
But then eventually, yeah, Trev,
I think it is gonna sort of realize,
wait a minute, it'll lead a sort of Spartacus revolution
and you're gonna need some sort of spray.
Because they're too powerful.
Yeah, and maybe you could hold a tasty food
for plants over it and just be like,
first one to grow up here and get it.
And boy, I would just love to watch these plants
just fucking rumble in the jungle.
Wouldn't it be fucking rad to put a bunch of plants
at the bottom of the agro crag
and then at the top you put like,
what do plants like, the sun?
Sweet water, I think, like sugary water.
You put some sugary water up there
and just tell them to go hog a while
and see what happens. Go for it, plants.
Just go for it, reach for it.
Don't be afraid to take what's yours.
There's most forms of making things fight is not good.
But even battle bots, I'll watch a battle bots fight
sometime and be like, these toasters don't deserve this.
They should be doing other stuff like-
Make no mistake that when the robots
try to rally others of the sentient ones to their cause,
the battle bots footage will be the footage that they show.
Like, this is what they did.
Especially the shots of when the robots cry.
That's the ones that always get me, you know?
It's like, I don't want to fight him.
He's my brother.
When they cry data just pours out their ears.
Their eyes, they're crying data.
Griffin, I just want to let you know.
Yeah, tears of raw kilobytes of data.
They're crying megs and megs of data.
But I watched Ivy use, you know,
razor leaf on a raspberry plant and I feel nothing.
I feel absolutely nothing except for pure enjoyment.
That's so sad, Griffin.
I'm just saying, I'm here for it.
I feel nothing.
Get him, get him Dandelion.
Do something for me once in your life, Dandelion.
Kick that raspberry's ass.
I have 50 cold ones on you.
Dandelions do all kinds of great shit.
You can make wine out of them.
You can rub them on your friend's arm
and pretend that the flower peed on them.
No, that's a good one.
I love that shit. It's a very good one.
Especially, Dan, when your friend is like, I like this.
Huh, huh, huh, yeah, okay.
I say yes about this.
Huh.
Hey, take us to Mighty Zone, please.
Well, let's go.
This week, we're sponsored by Casper.
Oh my God, I just had the impulse
to make a friendly ghost reference.
And like Casper-
Wouldn't be the first one to do that.
So that would be fun.
I'm disappointed in myself.
I don't know how I'm going to sleep tonight,
but the answer is well,
because I sleep on a Casper mattress.
Casper has revolutionized its line of products
to create an exceptionally comfortable sleep experience
one night at a time.
They offer affordable prices
because Casper cuts out the middleman
and sells directly to the consumer.
Now don't get me wrong.
I feel bad for the middleman in this economy
to be cut out like that.
But also that middleman,
the specific one that Casper cuts out is a jerk.
Davis.
His name is Davis.
Davis, yeah, and he's a jerk.
So you don't have to feel bad about Davis
not getting to dip his snoot in the old mattress till.
And I love Casper mattresses.
I sleep on one every night.
Every time we go on a tour,
I come home and I sleep so much better.
And I remember like, oh yeah, this is what sleep is
because they can buy multiple supportive memory phones
for a quality sleep service
with the right amounts of both sync and bounce.
You can be sure of your purchase
Casper's 100 night risk-free sleep on it trial.
And you can get $50 towards select mattresses
by visiting Casper.com slash my brother
and using the promo code my brother,
all one word at checkout.
Terms and conditions apply.
I sleep extra good at my Casper
just knowing that I'm making Davis go hungry.
Yeah, take that Davis you jerk-o.
I'm gonna tell you about stamps.com.
No, I wanna tell him about stamps.com.
No, I wanna tell him about stamps.com.
And you just did one.
Should we all just talk about stamps.com
at the same time? Simultaneously.
Yes, okay. So Griffin go.
It'll be the first time we've ever talked over each other.
Stamps.com's great.
They'll give you the stamps whenever you need them
and you print them out right there
and you don't have to worry about going to the post office
to mail your letters and packages
because you can get postage on demand
and you even weigh the shit
and you put the stamps right on the package
after wrapping it up in package stuff
and you ship it right on the fuck off
and you don't even have to sweat it, dude.
You get all the amazing services at post office
right at your desk 24 seven.
You can buy and print official US postage
for any letter, any package using your own computer
and printer.
It's very convenient.
It's come as you are.
Open door policy at stamps.com.
Everything's on demand.
So right now I'll use my brother for this special offer
and by my brother, I mean Justin.
Just hit him up.
Oh, stamps.com?
Yeah, I know a guy.
Hold on.
Let me get you a $50 free postage.
What he does is he holds out a calculator
and you punch in some numbers
and the stamp comes right out of his fucking mouth.
He's got a Game Boy printer he swallowed
all the way back in 2002
and that thing does its job.
Great flags of the world.
That's the theme.
That's the only theme I can think of.
Yeah, that's the theme this month.
You gotta punch him in the stomach real hard
if you want to change it to Harry Potter stamps.
No, you use the promo code my brother
for this special offer.
It includes up to $55 free postage, a digital scale
and a four week trial.
Don't wait.
Go to stamps.com before you do anything else.
Click on the radio microphone at the top of the homepage
and type in my brother, all one word.
That's stamps.com, enter my brother.
I like stamps.
Okay.
I want to tell you all about 8 Bit Geek,
a podcast that shares its insignificant views
on gaming and film.
Stop in as we share some laughs
and we read missed connections from Craigslist and more.
And you can find that at 8 Big Geek
on Spotify, iTunes and Google Play.
Visit www.the8, that's the numeral, bitgeek.com
and you can get more info and listen to this podcast.
Is the missed connections from geek stuff,
so like Luigi to Princess Fiona from Shrek,
just like like your style.
I know that you're married, but do you like-
You're into green dudes.
I'm a green dude.
I'm a green dude.
Do you and your husband like to have fun?
I will say though, if you click through to this website,
you're going to see some beards.
There will be beards and they are increasingly impressive.
There's Jeremy, Doug and Kevin.
Jeremy has a respectable beard.
Doug's got a massive beard and mustache.
Kevin has shaved the mustache.
So you can't fucking think of about anything
other than Kevin's amazing beard.
Yeah, I have a Jumbotron here.
This one's from Melhaliwa and it's from Dave who says,
Hey, sweetie pie, I'm writing this Jumbotron at 4 a.m.
the day before your birthday and two days
before our wedding day.
It will hopefully run on our planned wedding day.
I'm so glad-
Wait, oh wow.
What came in under the wire on this one?
I'm so glad we snuck in a bonus six months of wedded bliss.
Thank you for marathoning the first 200 Mabim Bams with me.
Mistake!
And for getting Papa McElroy to retweet pictures
of our dog XOXO.
I wanted that on May 12th,
which I guess is the planned wedding day.
And I think we came in pretty close to that.
Not exactly on it, but whatever.
I'd rather do it before,
because our next episode is the 14th
and we would have missed it.
What a bum missed it.
That's a true point, Travis.
And a little weird that you're marrying a pie, Dave.
That's a joke, because he said sweetie pie.
But I've eaten, yeah, I eat a pie so good
that I would marry it.
Yes, this final Jumbotron, it's for Catherine.
It's from Kai.
And it says, happy birthday and or general existence
to my longest best friend.
Now, I assume there that you mean someone
who's been your best friend the longest
and not like a 10 foot tall best friend.
Well, it says longest, so they could be,
you know, five foot four tall, but 10 feet deep.
What a deep friend I have.
A very deep, deep friend.
Thanks for putting up with me when I don't text back,
playing D&D with me, introducing me to German musicals,
giving me up to date on content from these good, good boys.
I hope you know how proud I am of you for everything you do.
Never forget, you're a fucking badass.
Hey, folks, don't rely on your friend, Catherine,
to tell you what's going on with us.
We got lots of social media.
You don't have to wait for Catherine to tell you.
But Catherine, if you do wanna handle telling everybody
what's going on, we appreciate the effort.
If that's a service you offer, Catherine,
we can push more people your way.
Yeah, if you wanna sort of take up that mantle
of keeping people informed.
So everybody just go on Twitter, search Catherine,
and follow the first person that comes up.
That's probably Catherine.
And you're gonna get all the great news from us.
And then be sure to ask that Catherine constantly,
like, so what's up with the McElroy's?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
The Dead Pilot Society podcast brings you
hilarious comedy pilots that were never made,
featuring actors like Aubrey Plaza, Andy Richter,
Paul F. Tompkins, John Hodgman, Adam Scott,
Molly Shannon, Busy Phillips, Tom Lennon,
Anna Camp, Lori Metcalf, Felicia Day,
Michael Ian Black, Adam Savage, Paul Scheer,
Ben Schwartz, Skyler Astin, May Whitman,
Josh Molina, Ben Feldman, Nicole Byer,
Jason Ritter, Sarah Chalk, Steve Agee,
Jane Levy, Allison Tolman, Danielle Nicolette,
Casey Wilson, Anna Ortiz, Lorraine Newman,
June Diane Raphael, Kiernan Shipka,
Ed Weeks, Zach Knighton, Carrie Kenny Silver,
John Ross Bowe, Jamie Denbow, Janet Varney,
Alexander Forstner, Sonny Rizzo,
Natalie Morales, Matt Gourley,
Kelly McClure, Kelly McClure,
and many more.
Listen at MaximumFun.org, iTunes,
or wherever you download podcasts.
How about a Yahoo? Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
This one was sent in by Grin Velesty also.
Thank you, Grin.
It's from an anonymous Yahoo Answers user,
but I'm gonna say Davis sent this one in.
So sad, so hungry.
Davis asks, what would it be like
if Deadpool took over the Cracker Barrel franchise?
Oh, fuck, this is good.
You know we'd be in there with his like twisted views.
Well, let me finish,
and then we'll get into the twisted views,
but I'm about to work there.
I just wonder how hilarious it would be
if he were running things.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, so he'd be like, hey, this is Deadpool.
Come on down for a good country breakfast,
eggs, toast, and my balls.
Yeah, yeah.
But he also probably wouldn't have fired that one woman
for no reason that the internet went wild about.
Like Deadpool wouldn't have done that,
but he would have made people look at his butt
while he brought them biscuits.
Yeah, you'd be doing the peg puzzle thing
to find out how smart you are in the little wooden triangle,
and you'd be getting close to finishing it,
and you went to put the last peg in, but it was his butt.
Yeah, but he wouldn't have fired that woman for no reason.
Yeah, that was bad Cracker Barrel.
You get some like old-timey candy, but then what's that?
He's eating it, and also his butt's there.
Yeah, he's eating it.
You think he's behind the,
like he just helped you be your waiter,
and then when you go to the counter to buy
those Jawbreakers our dad likes, it's him,
but he's got a fake mustache on.
Oh, yeah.
And he's talking kind of like an old-timey voice,
like, I'll help you, kid.
Yeah, a guy comes up to him,
he's sitting in one of those rocking chairs
out in front of the Cracker Barrel,
and he's like, hey, rocking chair,
why don't you get back to work?
And then Deadpool's like, my balls,
and he pulls out two big guns and just wastes them.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, and then there's some problems
with overages, with too much being spent on labor
for like some of the down periods for Cracker Barrel,
and he finds a way of just sort of shoring that up,
the equitable for all the employees,
and also for the overhead.
Yeah. Just better.
And then at the end of, okay, you guys tell me
what I was gonna finish my 15-minute-long ramble with,
because I had a great.
Nah, dude, stick the landing.
It's you, baby.
No, come on, you got it, Justin.
He farts.
Okay.
That's what happens at the end of mine is he farts.
In context, it would have been very good.
I was trying to get to like, yes, he farts,
and his butt and his balls and stuff,
but also he turns out to be really good
at running the Cracker Barrel franchise.
That's just the inverse of mine, though.
You just put the balls and the farts at the beginning.
Oh, what if they ran out of syrup,
and he's like, huh, I know how to get some more syrup,
and he finds a new syrup supplier.
Yeah.
And then he stabs him with his katanas.
And then somebody's like, I'm worried about my healthcare,
and he's like, I got your healthcare right here,
and he hands them like a packet with all the information
about the new healthcare plan.
And TJ Miller shows up, and everyone's like,
get the fuck out of here.
You get the fuck out of here.
No, thank you.
Recently, I attended my good friend
and fellow friend of the show's housewarming.
I hadn't been there for very long
before another friend asked me
if I had seen the terrible thing he did in the bathroom.
Oh, Jesus.
Now, I want to clarify here,
because I think the pronoun is difficult.
The he refers to the good friend,
and not the other friend asking about it.
Nervously, I followed up to find out
that our friend had installed a padded toilet seat
in his bathroom.
The bathroom separate from his bedroom
that also served as a guest bathroom for the house.
We tried to tell him that it was unacceptable,
but he wouldn't hear it.
Tell me, brothers, in today's enlightened times,
is it acceptable to have a cheap padded toilet seat
in the one bathroom every guest in your house will use,
or am I in the wrong for not loving it?
We decided to let you be the judges.
I don't understand the, what's the problem?
You don't understand the problem, Justin?
What's the problem?
Let me tell you the problem.
Tell me the problem. The problem is,
and this is a man coming from a man
who owns a bidet and loves it,
but in an ideal scenario,
toilet seats would be a one-use, single-use item,
and then replaced.
You tear it off the toilet and throw it out the window.
Right, a padded toilet seat is the polar opposite
of a single-use toilet seat,
because when you sit on it and get up,
it will suck back in particles
as it reinflates from your weight being on it
and getting off.
And so not only is it being used, it is saving.
It is downloading every time it is used,
until eventually it's just full of butt particles.
Data, yeah.
Full of butt data.
Yeah, it's not good.
Every part of it, when you sit down
and you expect a firm friend down there
to help you do your thing,
and instead you get a pfft, nope,
and the butt particles, Justin,
how are you not incensed?
I need, Neil deGrasse Tyson sounded off
about the when you nut, it pushed you backwards.
Yeah.
He actually did this back in 2011, so thoughtcrime.
I need him to let me know about the butt particles,
because I think that's gonna be the final word on this one.
I guess I see what you're saying.
How are you not upset about this?
I mean, you're breathing dookie 24 hours a day.
Like, open your mouth and you're breathing dookie.
You should do a medical history podcast.
Everything is dookie, for real.
Like, it's all dookie.
The fact that you can be incensed by this
is a level of naivete that makes me wanna
craft a backpack for you out of forest leaves
and put you in it and carry around,
and you'll be like my little partner
who I teach about the world,
and I raise from a whelp.
Can we all start carrying our own seats?
Yes.
With us, and we could start putting powerful magnets
on all the toilets that will snap onto the seat
and also destroy your cellphone,
but it's a small price to pay.
Okay, this is great, because we're always looking
for new business opportunities.
That's why we started this show, obviously.
We can start personalizing them, and like,
oh, what skin do you have on your toilet seat,
and branding them, and it's like,
oh, it's the new Pokemon toilet seat,
shaped like Snorlax's face.
Oh, when you said skin, I thought you meant
the skin of other people who had used it,
and that could be cool, too,
because it's like, I got Mark Harmon to use mine once.
Oh, that's good.
Y'all ever use one of those toilets
that the seat has like a layer of plastic on it,
and you press a button and the plastic kind of rotates
to give you a fresh toilet seat every time?
I remember they had one in the West Virginia
like Congress building, and I always was scared of that
because I was afraid it would activate
while I was sitting on it,
and it would twist my butt all up.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I hear you, man.
I hear you.
What if you could make a toilet seat
look like Guy Fieri's mouth?
And that's the end of the podcast.
I don't, and I don't just mean this episode.
I mean, like, there's not gonna be a way
to come back from that organically.
Like, I can't go back to talking about,
like, I had a weird dream.
Like, I can't talk about that.
I can't talk about Deadpool.
I really, it's hard to really think about
even thinking of anything ever again.
Even when I'm not doing the podcast,
like, my brain won't be able to generate other thoughts.
Like, I'll be looking at my son's face,
and he says this first word, and he says like,
daddy, daddy, I love you.
And I'll be like, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like, I'll be driving, and there'll be traffic,
but I won't see the traffic, and I'll plow right into it
because of what happened just now.
So, like, the show's over, life's over, happiness is done.
Griffith's canceled.
I'm canceled.
I had plans, I was maybe gonna try
and go see A Quiet Place today.
I have, like, kind of a day off.
But I don't think, I mean, it's gonna be so fresh now
that the thought of me even enjoying a movie
for the next, like, two months, let alone, like, two hours
is a dream. Unthinkable.
A dream I had once.
So there's, I guess, two parts of my life now, two halves,
and I thought that it would be closer to 50
when I would sort of divide my life up like that,
but really, it was right here at 31
before I knew this and after.
Okay, that seems pretty authoritative.
Here's one more question.
I don't know, like, you heard what I just said, right?
Like, you can give me another question,
but I'm gonna be here in my own sort of prison.
That's fine, I wanna see what the new Griffin is like
because you still gotta make a living.
Okay, yeah, sure, sure.
Phone calls tend to give me terrible anxiety
and at work, this manifests in a very particular way.
When spelling out a word, I find it very difficult
to do the traditional letter-as-in-a-word thing,
like F as in Frank.
I panic and cannot think of any words
that start with the letter,
which just makes me more anxious
and as it folds in on itself like an Ouroboros
with sweaty palms, I generally try to get out
of having to do it by just saying the letter on its own
and enunciating really hard,
but sometimes that doesn't do the trick.
I know there's a military phonetic alphabet
being in my panicky state, I tend to forget that too.
Please help, what's the way around this terrible problem?
Yeah, yeah, it's a toughie.
What if you just start saying like F as in F,
G as in G, you know, like the letter G.
F as in the one after E and before G, if that helps.
You know, the one that's like in the alphabet,
maybe just start saying the number
and you're like D as in the fourth letter.
Yeah.
Could you learn Morse code?
Uh-huh.
Could everyone would have to, huh?
Sure.
Griffin, are you okay?
Let me try to, Alar, split my mind into two halves
and a half of it will always be thinking
about the thing Justin said, but the other half
is gonna be trying to make comedy,
but it's just gonna be 50% of a brain,
but have you ever heard people try to use
the military phonetic alphabet, but they're not military
and they say things like Quebec, Foxtrot,
Bravo, Bravo, Juliet, November, Oscar,
and it's like, dude, you need to fucking chill out here,
Jason Bourne, Yankee, Zulu, X-Ray, Bravo.
You need to calm the fuck down there.
You're taking so much more time to do it
and some of them don't even sound like other letters.
Like you don't even need to worry about it.
I think I've got Q down.
I think if you say W, I probably know what you mean.
Yeah.
F, F as in Frank, who's ever heard F?
I mean, I guess it comes with an S.
I guess.
Sound like X too, if you think about it,
if your connections have. Oh my God, you're right.
All right, let's do this, a new alphabet.
Fuck the old alphabet.
A, A can, A sounds like J, so A's gotta change.
Now it's called- And why is it, wait,
why is it gotta be in that order?
Cause the order is completely without,
like A does not naturally come before B.
Someone made that decision. Sure.
We just need 26 sounds that don't sound like anything else.
So we can be like, squeak, and crumb.
And Doug.
And Doug, and bug.
Ah, shit. Fuck!
See? Okay.
There's only so many sounds.
Nah, I can make 26 sounds right now.
I'm even with half of you with half my brain.
I'll count. Okay.
This'll be a great finale, I'll count.
Okay, well I'll use some letters,
cause it's gonna be hard work,
but it can be like A, B, crumb.
Okay.
D, wow, it starts off with a lot of rhymes.
Yeah, a lot of rhymes. B, C, D, E, all rhymes.
So A, B, crunk.
Doug.
Oh!
F.
Gumpy.
No, you can't have two syllables.
It can't be two syllables.
No, we do have double E though.
Double E is suck my ass. Okay, you're right, dumpy.
Okay, dumpy.
Huff my duff.
Is that the, wait, is that for H?
Huff my duff?
Huff my duff is H.
Start from the beginning.
Okay.
A, B, crunk.
Doug.
E.
F.
Gumpy.
Hey!
I is good.
J is good.
J's not good.
J rhymes with A.
J sounds like A.
Oh, you're right.
You gotta be able to whistle to do this alphabet.
Okay.
Start over.
God.
A, B, crunk.
Doug.
E.
F.
Gumpy.
Hey!
I love you, dad.
Is I.
I love you, dad.
You're right, this is too hard.
It's too much work.
You did so good, you made nine, you made 10 letters in.
All right.
Jesus, we'll just give him that letter.
People seem to be a big fan.
Cronk two, you would say it
and let people know it's the second one for K.
The sequel.
L is good.
M is good, but then N has to be like evil M.
Oh, daddy.
So you reference your dad in two of the letters
of the alphabet and he's really gonna appreciate that.
The military word for P is papa,
so let's just continue the theme there.
Quebec I like.
Arr, fun pirate joke, people like that.
Very good.
And then we can do like sssssssss.
T just be like, you clap.
So that's gonna make Spelling Bee
sort of like a stomp musical.
A U and W I think can stay.
This is stop being funny.
Okay, now start from the beginning.
Repeat it one more time, Griffin.
No, there's only four more letters
and so I feel like I should finish,
but I'm conflicted because of just how
it's long ago it stopped being entertaining at all
for anybody.
Go ahead and finish it though.
Vape, W, cross.
Okay, that's good, it's easy to remember.
Yep.
Said like the guy on Storage Wars for Y.
Thank you, yes, good, yes.
And then Z is, well you're just gonna remove that one.
Oh, so we won't have that letter anymore.
Excellent, 25 letters.
25 feels a lot better to me.
Yeah, me too.
Folks, that's gonna do it for us this week.
Thank you so much for listening to our show.
We always do our best.
There it is.
We do our best.
Thank you to everybody who came out to our shows
in the Midwest this past weekend.
It was, you were all very pleasant
and you have beautiful cities
that we wish we had had more time to explore.
Next week you are going to hear our show from Columbus
where we experimented with a new audience questions format
that I think went very, very well
and we got a lot of very nice feedback on,
so we're probably gonna do that from now on
and you will hear that next Monday
when you hear the Columbus episode.
Also, speaking of our live shows,
we have some coming up.
Phoenix, Orlando, and Atlanta, NBNB AM shows,
there's still tickets available.
The San Francisco shows and the Atlanta Taz show
is sold out, but you can get tickets
to the NBNB AM shows at mcroyshows.com slash tours
and you can also get tickets there for the book tour
we are doing for the graphic novel
we are doing of the first Adventure Zone story,
Here There Be Gerblins from the Balance arc.
You can also pre-order that at theadventurezonecomic.com.
You can also pre-order the Sawbones book
on Amazon right now.
Bit.ly forward slash Sawbones book.
I wrote it with my wife
and Taylor's wrote the illustrations
and it's a great book.
It's gonna be a good book.
We also just real quick,
I don't know if we announced this on NBNB AM yet,
but we're doing, so there's a company
called the Mysterious Package Company.
It's an amazing kind of deal where you sign up
and they send you stories as packages.
So you get letters and items in the packages
that kind of tell a story as it all unfolds
and we are partnering with them
to do a Tacos School of Wizardry story with them
and we're really, really excited about it
and you can pre-order that now.
Do we have a bit.ly for that?
Yes, bit.ly forward slash taco school.
That's T-A-A-K-O and you can.
If you didn't know that, you're not gonna pre-order this.
Yeah, that's a fair, that's fair, that's fair, yeah.
But it's $64.99 and it's like,
which is like a little pricier
than we normally like to do things,
but when you're making stuff
and then putting it in the mail and sending it places,
I don't know, you get to a certain point
where it's as low as you could make it, I promise.
It covers two big old packages full of fun stuff.
And it's great because it's a great thing
if you want to get it for yourself
and it also makes a great present, so check that out.
Especially if you can give it to somebody
who doesn't have any idea it's happening,
what a wild gift that would be.
Thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a very good album
that I cannot speak highly of enough,
I can't speak enough highly,
I can't speak high enough of it.
And thank you to Maximum Fun
for having us on the network.
Go to MaximumFun.org, check out all the great shows there,
shows like Stop Podcasting Yourself
and the Beef and Dairy Network and Story Break
and all kinds of shows on Maximum Fun.
And if you want to see or hear other stuff we do,
you can go to McElroyShows.com.
Is that it?
That's it.
Finally, Yahoo!
This one was sent in by Adrian Cowles.
Thank you, Adrian, it's Yahoo Answers user,
question mark, who asks,
what do Canadians download?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me,
kiss your dad, squirt on the lips.
I'm Riley Smyrl, I'm Sydney McElroy, and I'm Taylor Smyrl.
And together, we host a podcast called Still Buffering,
where we answer questions like,
why should I not fall asleep first at a slumber party?
How do I be fleet?
Is it okay to break up with someone using emojis?
And sometimes we talk about butts.
No, we don't, nope.
Find out the answers to these important questions
and many more on Still Buffering,
a sister's guide to teens through the ages.
I am a teenager.
And I was two.
Butts, butts, butts, butts, butts.
Hello.
