The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, welcome to my brother, my brother, me, and advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy. I'm very defensive usually of living in West
Virginia. Why don't you get out of there, people say, um, but I appreciate the pastoral living.
Is that what you'd call it? I don't think-
Because of Justin's- Justin's rural lifestyle.
Right, you don't live on or near awe pasture.
Yeah, it's more pastoral though in nature. That really bit me in the hinder this week though,
because my power went out for four days.
For four solid days.
So are we speaking to a ghost now? Because I would literally die. I would literally die.
I would probably gaslight myself because I would just sit there and go like,
oh man, power's out, I can't watch TV. That's fine, I'll just play video games. Oh no.
I used to think that this was a- this was like a- a regular occurrence,
and then I told my boss, Chris, who lives in Philadelphia about this,
and he said, my power went out once for 30 seconds during Hurricane Sandy.
Like, well, okay, I guess that maybe it's not as common a problem.
As opposed to 110 where the mayor sneezes and the power goes out.
Right. Here's the depths of my depravity. This was my lowest moment is I-
I go to the house on Friday night, I guess it was, and the power is still out,
and it is fucking freezing. And I walk into the house, the power is out,
the house is freezing, and there- and the cats are in the house.
And it's so, so cold in there. And I can't get the cats because they're too fast,
and it's pitch black. So I can't-
Well, hold on, CJ's not too fast.
CJ I could've grabbed, but what am I supposed to do? Take one of them,
the one I like, and let the other one die, it seems to me.
So I'm like, fucking, I gotta do something to help these cats.
I don't know what I can do.
It's like that scene in Pee Wee's Big Adventure, but in reverse.
In reverse, right. So I wander around the house,
and I'm like, wait a minute, I got a heater.
And I'm like, downstairs, rummaging through the basement, falling over myself,
and finally, I get the heater. I find it, and I struggle to carry it upstairs.
And I go, and I shit you not, I put it in the upstairs hallway, and I plug it in.
And then I just fucking stand there and stare at it for like 30 seconds.
Like, what have I done? This is literally what happens to me.
So I do that, I'm like, well, cats are dead, tough titties, I gotta move on with my life.
So I go out of the house to, actually, I was gonna go back and retrieve Sidney
to help us get the cats.
So I go out of the car, and I see our next door neighbor
lugging a $700 generator into the house.
And as he literally crosses the threshold of his house,
the power comes back on with his generator.
I'm like, wow, you did that, because that is something worse
happened to somebody else than what just happened to me.
You had this terrible scenario.
So he says, I can't believe it, you're welcome.
I made that happen by buying this generator.
I'm like, oh, thank God my cats are gonna be okay.
And he said, do you wanna join us for a celebratory post-outage beer?
I said, no, thank you, I can't.
I have food and a baby and a wife waiting for me back at my in-laws place.
I have to go tell them the good news.
And I see him literally, I'm just pulling away, right?
I see him literally clink beer cans with his buddy
who is helping him lug the generator.
I see them literally clink beer cans and the power shuts off.
I thought you were gonna say clink beer cans with his new buddy,
the generator that he purchased.
His new $700 electro friend.
Oh, buddy.
Chappie 2.
Now I'm a generator.
We were talking on the phone while you were preparing soup
in a pot that you had positioned over a fireplace.
Like some sort of caveman with gas.
You know what?
It was the best bad soup I had ever had.
You were making fucking goofy movie Hi Dad soup on your cigarette lighter.
Yeah, it was not pleasant.
It was not pleasant.
I could, that was the lowest of low.
Plugging in an electric heater.
Am I here, cats?
Boy, that was a jarring moment for the cats too.
Like this is the entity that is charged with keeping us from dying.
This is our lot in life.
You think the cats are sitting there from the door going,
no, don't plug it in.
Oh, what are you doing?
Idiots out.
Idiot.
Come on.
You know what I would have done to keep those kitties warm?
What?
Just snuggled them.
Snuggle them.
Well, one of Justin's cats is snuggle averse.
I've never touched one of Justin's cats.
I don't think anybody has.
This has been kitty talk.
This has been kitty talk where you talk about our little bitty kitties.
Welcome to the little bitty kitty committee.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Justin Meowcleroy and I love my kitty.
I'm Griffin McElroy, like a grr, like a growl,
because my kitty's like a lion.
I'm Travis McElroy.
My workplace has become prank central.
All the kitties getting in the mischief.
Kitties getting in the milk and mischief.
Where'd all my sardines go?
And also all of my accounts.
Oh god, they cleaned me out.
The cat liquidated me.
My workplace has become prank central.
And I just had my coffee spiked with a cup of salt.
What the fuck?
One sip and I thought I was gonna vom on the spot.
Yeah, because that's like what people do to make themselves vom.
My knee-jerk reaction is to go thermonuclear,
but I'd like to keep my job.
What is an appropriate and measured response?
That's from Gmail.
This is so hard because how do you target the responsible party?
Yeah, that's a good point.
I mean, somebody probably claimed responsibility
for this ipicac goof that they did on you.
There's one of two scenarios here.
Scenario one is this is like you work in a good times place,
right, where everybody's everybody's best friend.
Like a good times place.
Like a good times place.
Travis is suggesting like a fucking startup
with 400 trillion dollars to spare
and so everybody just plays ping pong.
Otherwise you'd be too busy doing goddamn work
to start playing salt in other people's coffee.
So everybody just like pals around all the time
and this is the kind of place where it's like,
you know what, I just feel like not doing any work
and just ordering pizzas today, right?
So maybe it's that kind of place and you don't fit in.
Where people can just hang out and do whatever.
Right, and be shut down in like nine months.
Work is played, foodie breaks the day.
Yeah, and that's your,
and you're the one who doesn't fit in, right?
Because everybody else is like a good time buddy
and you're like, oh guys, can we focus up?
Or scenario two, this is a place of work.
This is a business where work gets done
and like some fucking, you know, like Tom Green over here,
some kind of prankster, goofster
is ruining it for everybody.
And then I think you go to the boss and you narc.
You just complain so hard.
Oh yeah, yeah.
You can't, I always hated Jim Halpert on The Office
because it's like fucking do anything.
You're being compensated.
You know what the number one like piece
of workplace theft is?
It's time.
And when you're fucking goofing constantly
and not hitting the books or those streets
or the papers or whatever it is you hit
in whatever job he had,
it's been a while since I've seen the show,
but just like do some work, dude.
How do you like sleep at night?
I mean, he thinks he's so funny with his goofs and such,
but maybe if he committed to his job,
he would enjoy it more.
He would get more satisfaction out of it
if he would just do his work and leave that poor Dwight alone.
Dwight's trying to do his work.
He's got some social, you know, issues.
Maybe he doesn't like get along well with everybody
and he's not your normal fellow.
So he should be tormented for that, Jim?
Because he takes a pleasure in his craft,
you fucking dick, Ed.
Because he likes things like Battlestar Galactica
and farming.
So it's your job, Jim Halpert, to just terrorize him.
Congratulations, Jim Halpert.
You're Twitter, you piece of shit.
You're a terrible person, Jim Halpert.
You and Pam deserve each other.
In this economy, we have just fallen into a deep pit.
Help me out, Griffin.
I just don't put salt in people's coffee for starters
because some people need that shit.
Salt or coffee?
Coffee.
Some people-
What if you're on like a low-sodium diet?
Because your doctor put you on that.
Drink it and immediately have a heart attack.
Yeah, cool attempted murder, you piece of shit.
This is why I can't work in an office anymore
because people are constantly trying to fucking kill you
just to get a laugh off.
I think the best response is to wait till that person
is drinking their coffee and then walk up,
take the coffee out of their hands,
and smash it against the wall.
And how's that prank?
This is what you did to me.
I'm literally doing it.
And then just say like, prank.
I pranked you.
You've been pranked.
I would say that if your natural response
is to go like way over the top thermonuclear,
you shouldn't-
Try that word again.
Thermonuclear.
You shouldn't respond at all
because I don't think you have a good gauge.
And you know the fastest way to not get pranked again
in the future is to have zero reaction
to the thing that happened.
You take a sip of the coffee,
you almost Vince bomb,
and then you just go like, no.
And then you just pour it out.
I liked it.
I approve.
And then you just like walk over,
you quietly dump it out,
you refill your coffee.
Oh, okay.
Listen, I have an actual good,
I have an actual good response to this.
Get in league with your boss
and don't go into work on an upcoming day,
maybe just tomorrow,
whenever you listen to this tomorrow.
And then when the person who salted your coffee asks,
say that, well, Richard quit
because people are so mean with their pranks.
Or even better,
he had to stay home sick with salt poisoning.
He had salt poisoning.
Hey, House of Cards season four sucks.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Yeah.
This Yahoo was sent in by game,
recognize the game, Rachel Sperling.
Thank you.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
That guy who asks,
how do I give up rapping?
At one point,
it just consumed my life
and I'm tired of sinning.
I look back and my old recordings sound very evil.
Wait, hold on one more time.
First sentence again.
At one point,
it just consumed my life
and I'm tired of sinning.
Okay.
I look back and my old recordings
sound very evil and scary.
Boo.
Every time I quit,
I get drawn back in.
How do I stop this addiction?
Man, how do you figure it out?
Sincerely, Dr. Dre.
I just want to do my headphone thing.
I wish I could quit this speaking.
People keep wanting detox.
They say,
please drop detox, Dre.
And I say,
I can't,
it's evil and sinning
and I can't go back to those rapping ways.
I just listen back to it
and I'm like,
what was I thinking?
Can you quit
or can you do like a fucking Will Smith brand shift
where it's just like,
I only rap about things
that make people feel good
and no swears,
no sin.
I don't think God listens to Will Smith.
I mean, of course God listens to Will Smith.
I don't think just like in prayer
and also he has all of his albums
because they're really good
and we're all waiting for that new shit.
That new stuff.
Sorry, I'm going to try and answer this question
in the style of Will Smith.
I'm going to just try and live my life
a little bit closer.
You're going to have to reference
Miami a lot more.
I'm going to have to just try
and live my life a little bit
closer to Will.
And so go do the Will Smith thing.
God listens to Will Smith
and it's like,
I like this guy's style.
I like how he keeps it clean.
His big Willy style.
It's funny because it's clean,
but it's still so edgy.
Because he has that song
that's all about candy
and he's like,
you sweet,
good enough to eat.
Make a fellow want to TLC creep.
And it's like,
I love that reference.
I love candy.
And I love how you didn't just swear Will Smith.
So can we do like,
can you come a little bit closer?
Come with me.
Take my hand.
We're going to walk a little closer
with you, Will Smith.
There's three pairs of footprints
in the sand.
One's me, one's you,
one's Big Will.
And then every so often
there's like a missed spot
in the middle
and that's where Big Will
and God were swinging me.
And then there's some erratic
two pairs of footsteps
and then one of them disappears.
And then like,
and then 15 feet down the line,
there's just like a big like impact mark.
It's like the shape of a human
and that's where Uncle Phil
picked up DJ Jazzy Jeff
and launched him
like a human torpedo.
DJ Jesus Jeff.
So you could definitely do that.
I think Griffin,
the point you're missing
is not how to revamp his rap,
but how does one stop the thing
that is so inherent,
so intrinsic in your DNA
that like you can't imagine
not doing it anymore?
You know what I mean?
Like we all have that thing
where it's like when I wake up,
I'm eating and breathing cross stitch, right?
Like how do I not cross stitch anymore?
It is at this point
so identifiably me
that when people think Travis,
they think cross stitch.
Sure.
And to answer this actual question,
if I could just like actually answer
a question for once,
the secret is to not rhyme
when you're talking.
That's the trick.
You're gonna do that once.
You're gonna be like-
So like if you catch yourself,
like let me welcome everybody
to the wild wild west,
a state that's untouchable,
like Elliott Spitzer.
If you see yourself about to rhyme,
you just like turn the whole ship around.
Justin, you are so right
because I was about to suggest
just don't record it,
but then I've seen people rhyming
but not record
just walking down the street and rhyming.
Is this a thing people,
this is an epidemic?
Is it, it's gonna be like,
what happens,
you know what happens
to a dream deferred?
It gets all,
it gets all raisiny and fucked up.
And that's the problem is,
I feel like if you try
and keep this inside,
you can't,
you can't purge this urge
like a glass of surge.
Do you know what I mean?
Oh no, they got him.
Oh no, here I go.
I've promised I would stop
because I was a flop,
but I'd chip it,
chip it, chip, chip, chip, chip, chop.
You're having a stroke.
It was a joke.
No, it was a joke
and I'm telling on the show
and Elliot Spitzer.
Here's a rap tip from us to you.
If you ever get tired
in the middle of a rap
or sleepy
or just can't think of words to say,
say chip a chip chip.
Or and or Elliot Spitzer,
which is a magical word
that rhymes with anything.
Some would call it two words.
Scientists have yet to agree
on how many words Elliot Spitzer is.
You can't give up rapping.
Just I would say
just try and walk a little closer with me.
Will Smith.
I've been Will Smith this whole time.
Thank you all for listening to the podcast.
Is it rude to show up
to a themed birthday party
not dressed in the requested attire?
My friend is turning 30
and her husband is planning
a surprise 90s themed dance party.
I don't have any frumpy high-waisted jeans,
overalls, crop tops,
high top tennis shoes
or anything else remotely 90s.
And I don't feel like rummaging
through all the local thrift stores
for these types of items.
Would I be as lame as the people
who show up to Halloween party stands costume
or is this different
and not as big as a social faux pas?
Please help.
That's from lost my LA gears in Georgia.
Yes.
Yeah, I just don't like,
you know what?
Like I don't feel like it
is not a is not a condition
by which you get to not do like
nobody feel nobody's woke up as like
I've got to dig out my hyper color t-shirts
from storage.
We do it because it's funny for other people.
Like nobody feels like doing it.
Unless.
Tough nuggies.
Unless, unless.
This friend is constantly trying
to do themed parties.
Yeah, and that is rude.
That's the rude shit right there.
If this is like, listen,
he's turning 30 or she's turning 30
and like we like our group of friends
have like not done a theme party in years.
Yeah.
Then yeah, you have to go.
You have to at least make an effort.
But if it's like every other week
they're trying to do like
a Quentin Tarantino themed party
and we're going to watch shit
and now we're doing this
and we'll do an Oscars party
where everyone like then it's like,
okay, you know what?
You ran out of ideas so quickly, Travis.
Holy shit.
No famous magicians
was the only other thing I had.
But they all wear the same shit.
They all look exactly the same
except for David.
Everybody wore a straight jacket.
Did nobody like talk to each other
before how are we supposed to pick up drinks?
I think a good rule of thumb
for anything like this is where you think,
okay, in your mind,
flash forward to the party
where everybody's dressed up
and you walk in in just your regular clothes
and that's the rest of your night.
You know what I mean?
Where people were like,
oh, you didn't.
Oh, why didn't you?
And your only explanation is
I didn't feel like looking for the stuff
where everybody else has done it.
And like, there's your host,
like looking at you like,
oh, you chose not to participate.
I think when you think about it
in that context,
in like the reality of the situation,
it's pretty clear that you would feel rude
because they asked you to do a thing
and you might as well.
It's like if somebody said,
everybody bring a dish and you didn't.
It's rude to have a theme party at all first.
You should let somebody get that far
out of their head,
like get that much out.
Hey, we're having a theme party.
That's rude.
That's very rude of you to do.
You are right, Justin.
Here's my suggestion.
I used to mow the lawn at our house
and then I just started doing
such a shitty job of it
that dad stopped asking me to mow the lawn
and I gracefully bowed out.
I think if you can show up
to each of these parties
that technically fits the bill
but is so wildly inaccurate
and bad and wrong
that they will just stop doing them entirely.
I thought you meant 1890s.
Or you show up dressed up
as Sonic the Hedgehog
and they're like,
what the fuck?
And you're like-
That would be fresh.
That would be dope, Griff,
are you kidding me?
Right, but then they throw like,
come dressed up as your favorite food
and you show up like Sonic the Hedgehog
and you're like,
I don't know,
you could probably cook and eat a hedgehog.
I don't know, famous presidents.
Hi, I'm Sonic T. Hedgehog.
That's me, our nation's 61st president.
And you're like,
what are you fucking talking about?
And you're like,
you can't prove that Sonic the Hedgehog
won't be our nation's 61st president.
Why don't you keep an open mind?
And then they have a Oscars party.
Everybody's black tie
and I'm Sonic the Hedgehog.
Hello.
And pretty soon you stop being invited
to parties at all
and then you don't have to worry about it anymore.
Well, no, that's the thing.
Then they have a Sonic the Hedgehog party
and you show up as Judge Lance Ito.
Judge Lance Ito
is part of the extended Sonicverse.
He was in the 2006 Sonic the Hedgehog game
playing Dr. Robotnik.
What I'm saying is Sonic the Hedgehog
is just a great character.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Yes.
Here's a Yahoo that was sent in by Ian Dunn.
Thank you, Ian.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Fairy Girl who asks,
what is the meaning of every tattoo Adam Levine has?
What is the-
How much time do you got?
What is the meaning of every tattoo Adam Levine has?
I know some of them,
like the Roman numeral 10 and the 222,
but what about everything else?
He's got the one that wards off evil.
The rose piece is on his left shoulder, right?
Right.
He's got the mom on his left forearm.
He's got the Ghostbusters logo over his left eyeball.
He's got the Deathly Hallows around his nipple.
Sure.
He's got the fake beard tattooed on his face.
Right under the Ghostbusters logo.
On his other eye, he has the Ghostbusters logo,
but the two one where the ghost is putting up the peace sign.
Oh no, wait, that's two, isn't it?
He's got the tattoo on his butt
where it looks like Slimers coming out of his butt crack.
His butt, yeah.
He has a lot of Ghostbusters tattoos.
I didn't put that together until just now.
Yeah, well, it's good luck.
This dude has such a broad assortment of tattoos.
Yeah, I think he adhered to the Travis McElroy school
of tattoo themes where it's just like a lot of different stuff.
Mm-hmm.
For instance, there's a paw print that says,
Frankie Girl, as it refers to Golden Retriever Frankie.
There's a script tattoo.
I'm reading an answer because somebody fucking busted out a bullet point here.
There's a tattoo written in either Hindi or Sanskrit
on the left side of his chest that has been hard to get a photo of,
but it is believed to say Maroon 5.
It's like there are goddamn dead sea scrolls.
There are apocryphal Adam tattoos.
And I would disagree just by Googling Adam Levine tattoos,
but that has not been hard to get a picture of
because there are bajillions of them.
On the left side of Adam-
Adam Levine's a fit dude.
Yeah, dude, he's ripped and his body's crazy,
but he's got a tattoo on his left bicep that is an X,
meaning 10, for the 10-year anniversary of Maroon 5.
I got that exact same tattoo.
I'm surprised I didn't see him there.
Well, they were giving them away free at the tattoo parlor.
Just come in and let us celebrate Maroon 5.
So this motherfucker is in a band called Maroon 5.
He's got a tattoo that it has 222.
That's for the number on the door,
the very first studio that Maroon 5 ever recorded in.
He's got an X for the number 10 for the 10-year anniversary of Maroon 5.
Nowhere on his fucking body does he have a goddamn 5
for the number in his goddamn number band.
Hi, hi, my name is Matchbox 20.
I'm from Matchbox 20.
We've been going for 30 years, so I got a 30 tattooed on my body
because I'm an idiot.
Travis, why are you sending me a link to Pinterest?
Oh, good, an Adams Inc. user guide from People magazine.
Now this claims that the Sanskrit means austerity.
Does this mean austerity of Maroon 5?
That's the same thing.
He's got a shark tattoo from facing his fear of them.
Of sharks?
Of shark, no, of shark tattoos.
He's terrified of shark tattoos.
Shark, you look at me straight in your dead black eyes
like a doll's eyes because I'm gonna get a tattoo of you,
but I promised myself I'd look at you for 30 seconds first.
I made it 20 and you just gotta stay still.
Well, he got that tattoo from a shark.
Adam, I noticed you keep looking at the door.
Is everything okay?
No, it's fine, it's fine.
Yeah, you know it's pretty good.
It's just getting harder and harder to breathe.
I've got a great idea for a song.
I've gotta go start a band so I can write it.
Okay, listen to this shit, listen to this.
But then as he stumbles outside,
he sees five Maroon cars drive by and he goes, Eureka!
There is another new piece in the collection of Adam Levine tattoos
on the right side of his chest that is not yet revealed.
There's a teaser for him of 2016.
There are photos that offer a little hint,
but as of yet, there is no confirmation as to what is actually there.
There is also a rumor of a new back piece that hasn't been revealed yet either.
Do you know how about, but Jeff Griffin,
do you know how fucked it is of it?
Like, do you know what it says about Adam Levine?
That the fact that people can't see like his skin, all of his skin all the time
is the questionable thing?
Like, we have those things here in the regular world.
They're called clothes and we wear them to cover our tattoos.
Dude, if I had a crazy, blown out, rip a dip body like Adam Levine,
if my shit was top of the class, so, so tight,
I have moves just like Jagger.
Bumps, ridges, Jagger moves, Jagger bumps and ridges,
Kighton, Kighton under the skin though,
to just give it a 14 pack fucking blissful, sweet, sweet pasture of man, man flesh.
I would never wear clothes anywhere ever again.
Guys, can I ask you a real talk question?
Just real talk for a second.
What's wrong?
Don't you think Adam Levine's probably super cool to hang out with?
I bet he's probably a super cool dude.
I bet he's so chill.
I bet, but he's not going to happen
because I just yelled at him on the internet about it.
I haven't yelled at him.
That's a high quality hang, man.
All I want to do is spend the day with Adam Levine and Rob Thomas.
Like that, if I could tell 16 year old Travis
that 31 year old Travis can make that happen for him,
like that would just be the best.
Travis, can you get Adam Levine on the show as a guest spurt?
All right, try and stop me, Justin.
We couldn't get Scott back, but maybe we can get Adam Levine.
Adam Levine, we'll get him in the studio with the three of us
at one point in the middle of recording when he's doing an answer.
Justin, you're going to sneak up behind him
and we're going to make eye contact and I'll mouth one, two, three, go.
You'll hit him with the chloroform
and then I'm going to tattoo a five on this fucker's body.
I'm going to fix Adam Levine
because right now his shit is broken.
Okay, now seriously, let's go.
We got a really awesome new advertiser to tell you all about this week.
It's Slip Shine, which proudly publishes over 150 pages of fun,
sex-positive adult comics every month.
This week, MBMBAM listeners can get a special offer.
SlipShine.net slash MBMBAM.
No first time sign up fee and you get a 10% discount
on six month and yearly subscriptions.
You can get access to fresh content monthly and 10 years of archives.
Now that's the stuff we legally have to say for this ad,
but the thing is you guys really, really have to go.
You have to go. SlipShine.net slash MBMBAM.
SlipShine.net slash MBMBAM.
This is not a test.
There's a special page, you're going to love it.
There's a comic for all of us.
Now this is not safe for work.
This is a grown folks website for grown folks.
This is for grown folks only, but you're going to love it.
If all the comics are so positive and it's so great and everything is so great,
this landing page is so good.
You're in for a treat.
Listen, again, seriously though, this is horny stuff.
This is horny stuff, y'all.
This is really horny stuff.
This is grade A horny material.
If you got Net Nanny, she is going to throw down several flags over this website.
This is NSFW, like teengoogle.com.
Right, well, no, teengoogle isn't-
No, we've been getting a lot of tweets and emails from people
that apparently teengoogle.com gets blocked by a lot of Net Nanny-esque sites.
People can't check teengoogle at work.
Net Nanny has probably also listened to the show before
and she probably knows the foul nature of our doings.
SlipShine.net slash MBMBAM, go right now.
Now, after you masturbate to that, you'll be hungry.
The good news is we got a great solution for you there too.
Wash your hands between.
Wash your hands before you grab your naturebox.com.
After you-
Do it, do it.
After you're done with your box, why not reach for naturebox.com?
It's snacks on snacks on snacks on snacks.
I also call my penis a box, so-
Naturebox.com has something for everyone
with zero artificial flavors, colors, or sweeteners,
zero grams trans fat, and no high fructose corn syrup.
This is wholesome stuff.
I gotta tell you guys, I got a new nature box in the mail.
I have a new hot recommendation for you.
It is the almond biscotti bites, vanilla almond biscotti bites,
or lemon almond biscotti bites, that's what it is.
It's a delicious, delicious snack that I can highly recommend.
And it came in a trial box.
You get five free snacks, a box of free snacks,
by going to naturebox.com slash my brother.
This is really delicious stuff.
You get a free trial box of snacks.
There's no risk.
Check it out.
See if you like it.
You will.
And you get a subscription.
And then every month you can get whatever snacks you choose.
Maybe some big island pineapple.
I'm gonna use some pistachio power cluster.
Is it possible to have the website pick snacks for you
so that when I open up that nature box,
I can like fucking play the Zelda music behind it?
Like, what am I gonna have in here?
And also, I don't want any of the snacks to have labels on them.
I just want to have content that I can start eating.
And no bags, just a loose box.
Just a loose box of basically mystery gorp.
And if the mailman could really just beat the shit out of the box,
that would be great.
Maybe drag it on the ground.
A lot of people ask me what the parmesan garlic pop pop sound like.
So this is-
Oh, great.
Really?
Oh, God.
Oh, nothing makes good radio like listening to someone gum on something.
Hey, have you listened to my bim bam?
You could really hear the insides of Justin McElroy's cheeks.
naturebox.com slash my brother.
Um, I have a message.
Very special message for Brian Lee.
And it's from Amber, who says,
Hi, Blee.
I know we don't have an official anniversary date,
so let's just say it's today.
Thanks for seven years of being cute and great all the time.
You are my shining golden treasure,
and I hope I haven't spoiled this surprise by the time you hear it.
I love you a whole bunch, Amb.
Um, that's super great.
I love that Amber probably wanted their anniversary date to be,
let's say a month and a half to two months ago.
No, we nailed this one.
We nailed this one.
Yes, we hit the window.
She asked for between March 8th and 14th, and we did it.
First time, five years.
Yeah, stuck the landing.
We have established a super precedent for the inaugural date of your love.
And I'm happy that we could be a part of this.
And it is the second Monday of every March.
Well, I don't think it's not.
It's not Hanukkah.
It's not a federal holiday.
Today's not going to wander around.
Got a message for Brian Miskell from Julian, Sanford, Kate, Katie, and Lilla.
Happy birthday, the most truthful Shelmerdian ever to grace the American stage.
To a hunky boy and a NBNB AM aficionado, so dedicated he knows,
we're throwing big words in here just to hear Justin pronounce them.
Oh, Sesquipedian, do it again.
Keep doing it.
This is the rest of the show.
To an onstage cruder more euphonious than a macarons singing this vampire horse likes blood.
You're going to go far, man.
Well, there you go.
You fucking sicko.
You got your job.
Are you happy now?
Are you happy now?
Is this what you want?
You monsters.
Justin, I could really just listen to-
It would be like Grammar Girl starring Justin McElroy,
except you don't fucking know anything.
Grammar goofus.
Kelsey Grammar Girl.
Now, this is a different show.
This would be a different show from the show we just described.
This is just a girl who loves Kelsey Grammar?
This is a girl who sounds like a lot like Kelsey Grammar,
and it's just her reading the newspaper.
What about Kelsey Grammar Girl fan cast?
We're going down the rabbit hole a little bit,
but this is a fan cast about Kelsey Grammar Girl.
This is dumb.
The Muppet Show, World War II,
the song I Knew You Were Waiting For Me by Aretha Franklin and George Michael.
So many great things have come from the collaboration between the US and the UK,
but never let us forget that at the heart of it all,
our two nations are deadly rivals.
Join me, Dave Holmes, for International Waters,
a transatlantic panel game that pits comedians in London
and comedians in Los Angeles against each other.
It's like the Revolutionary War,
but with way more jokes about One Direction and cinema.
Find it in iTunes or at MaximumFun.org.
Dear brothers, I have recently developed a strange fear
that when I'm in the shower with the curtain drawn,
there's a deranged killer in the bathroom that's about to kill me.
How am I able to overcome this strange phobia
so I can once again shower in peace?
Any help is appreciated,
as I have been carrying a fear in the corner of my shower,
peeking out every three seconds to make sure there's no knife-wielding maniac
in my bathroom, and that's from Andrew.
Here's the thing.
Can I be honest?
The reason I included this question, not only is it a good question,
I went through the same thing.
How did you get out of it?
Travis, it's the dorkiest shit, but I would put a song on the radio
that was too happy to be murdered to.
I was literally going to say, Travis,
I was literally about to say,
throw some fucking Beyonce on your iPhone and just blast it,
because you're gonna, first of all,
you're gonna love these tunes, I guarantee it.
Second of all, you're gonna feel too fucking strong.
You're gonna feel like if a killer did break into your room
and fucking partition is blasting and a driver walks in that room,
and pulls back the shower curtain and has a knife,
you're like, I'm too fucking strong and way too fucking sexy
to be killed in this shower right now.
And then you're just dancing in his face.
Or her face.
Or her face.
Whatever this killer is that's going to try and kill you,
you're going to be dancing around their flurry of stabs,
and you're gonna be so fucking strong and awesome while you do it.
Honestly, that works for basically everything.
It's basically why Beyonce is like a goddamn phenomenon.
Everybody just wants to not get killed in their shower?
Well, no, I'm saying it applies to fucking everything,
like running across the interstate,
like the hilarious Bowfinger movie.
You put some fucking Beyonce on,
the cars will just sort of fly around you,
because you're too strong to be killed.
Nobody has ever died while listening to a Beyonce song,
because you're too strong and sexy and fucking powerful and awesome.
I have a better idea than your ideas.
Okay, for this, bring a knife into the shower.
Never gonna see that coming.
He pulls back the curtain like,
and you're like, yourself, motherfucker,
and stab him right in the eye.
Oh, oh, okay.
Let me one up that juice.
You thought the psycho was out there?
Surprise, the psycho's in here with the Irish spring on him.
Let me one up that, Justin.
You're gonna do a full on-
That text should be the name of this fucking podcast, Travis.
A full on home alone clown in the shower.
Oh, fuck.
What's that?
You're in the closet.
Stop, stop, stop.
You jump out of the closet to stab him.
What the fuck?
He's a clown balloon.
What's that on the ceiling?
Daniel, why do you smell so bad?
I haven't showered in three months, but I'm alive.
Good news though, my clown's clean and my conscience is clear.
My clown is clean?
Now all you single ladies, come dance with Stinky, dude.
I don't need the Beyonce to keep me sane anymore.
I use the Beyonce to get me pumped up to kill somebody.
Should they come into my shower to stab me?
As long as they aren't a clown balloon and they are perched on the ceiling.
Oh no, shit, that's a second clown balloon.
They double ballooned me.
The floor is a mirror the whole time.
A mirror, they are the house and then they eat me, monster house.
The house was a metaphor for my childhood.
Wait a second, this is all a dream, but it's not.
The killer's inside my dream.
I'm John Cusack and all of a sudden the house is floating.
Look up, balloons, you're in up as he moved.
You're trapped in the television clicking through with your magical remote.
Sorry, Pleasantville?
No, that was more of, I think it was, no, it wasn't mom and dad saved the universe.
I think you definitely meant Pleasantville.
Channel up, next channel, change channel, channel changes.
Channel changes, do you guys want to Yahoo?
Yeah.
This Yahoo was sent in by John Williams.
Thank you, John Williams.
It's by Yahoo answers user Easton who asks,
what are some sexy foods besides hot dogs, pickles, et cetera?
Of, so it's of.
For example, a hot dog, a pickle.
You just said that, so you're kind of being all right on it.
For example, a hot dog, a pickle, a melon.
Mm.
Those can all be used as another meaning.
What are some other foods than can be used that way?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
This is posted in men's health.
Wait, wait, wait.
I, okay.
I thought this question I asked her was saying not hot dogs and pickles
because of their inherently phallic nature.
But if they're trying to suggest, if they're trying to suggest
that saying like I want to be all over your hot dog
is in any way sexual, they're the worst.
A, A, A, A.
Let me see that melon.
The, my what?
Your, your honey do.
My what?
I like your melons.
I gotta go.
I have to leave.
I'm having a pickle problem.
I'm just gonna name foods.
All right.
And you guys tell me gut instinct.
Okay.
Don't think about it.
Okay.
Gut instinct.
Let me clear my mind.
Is there anything sexual or a sexual connotation
or a euphemism, whatever, sexual connotation to these foods?
Here's your-
Well, we need to back this up or is it just like gut reaction?
Yes or no?
Uh, no.
Yeah.
Gut reaction.
Yes or no?
If I completely disagree with you, I will stop.
I got kind of a hair trigger down there though.
So chicken salad.
No, no, no, no.
Okay.
Pretzels.
Yes.
No pretzel rods.
Yes.
Yes.
Anything, any rod, any cucumber rod.
Well, cucumber is, I guess, we're on shumber.
It's just a rod shape.
Okay.
Cucumber.
Yeah.
Yes.
Jello.
Yes.
Yes.
Jelly.
Yes.
Yes.
Jam.
Yes.
You're just saying, okay.
No, I'm not.
Yes.
Just, okay.
Peanut butter.
No.
Yes.
Huh.
Okay.
Split decision on that.
I'm into it.
Half and half.
No.
Are you just looking at-
Wait.
Are you saying it's a split decision or the food half and half?
I'm not sure anymore.
I want to read some of these answers that have been submitted in response to this Yahoo
Knights mystery because one of them is the greatest and, well, it's the worst thing.
It's the worst paragraph ever pinned.
Less offensive are chocolate ding dongs, obviously.
That's from Vatim S.
Olivia says, a host is Twinkie.
They are tan-ish and white creamy stuff comes out of them.
Oh.
UOM says, try a banana or a cumber.
It's just, I guess, or a cumber.
How into cucumbers do you need to-
Hey, let me get some of those cumbers.
Hey, you got any cumbers over there?
Richie just says, cream.
Sorry, what?
Cream?
I want to read, though, this new American classic from Spanky Gaspacho DW.
This was rated the top answer.
It has four thumbs up, zero thumbs down.
The asker gave it one out of five stars, though, so it's a bit contentious.
It is not the answer that the asker wanted, but it is the answer they deserved.
Spanky Gaspacho DW says-
Say that name just eight more times.
Spanky Gaspacho DW.
That's an answer right there.
Yeah, and he was also my favorite little rascal.
Spanky Gaspacho DW says, and please just let me get through this.
Mango is really sexy.
Mango is really sexy.
Don't cut it up and eat it with a fork, though.
You have to let the juice drip down your face and onto your naked rack.
You have to suck on that seed, you know?
You know, share it visually and expressively, and then literally.
Nothing, nothing better than a beautiful sweet mango smeared all over the body
and slowly kissed and licked off.
What are you doing in there, Spanky?
Not you, I'm internet.
I'm researching.
Come down for dinner, we're having mango for dessert.
Oh, Christ.
My boner, it went inside.
I'm sharing it visually and expressively, and then literally.
What does that mean, Spanky Gaspacho DW?
Can I just quickly, like quick sidebar?
I did a Googleroo of Spanky Gaspacho.
This is a unique individual haunting Yahoo answers.
There is a question, the top response for Spanky Gaspacho is the question,
does anybody here know someone that is nicknamed Gaspacho?
Well, you do now.
The top answer is from Spanky Gaspacho.
He says, I see Gaspacho that is that cold,
emotionless, acidic tomato-based soupy guy, Gazy,
that got all suspended by Yamster on Christmas day.
Obviously a beaten up individual bruised by years of haunting,
not like a sweet, juicy, dribbling tropical mango man
smothered with affection from caring and giving strangers
who have taken him under their wing.
A truly one side affair for which he is overwhelmingly
the person who takes the benefit of other's selflessness.
What?
What?
Wait, is this motherfucker just like a prophet for mangoes?
I think this motherfucker is an artificial intelligence who is-
A very slowly and surprisingly sensually becoming self-aware.
Are you telling me right now that Spanky Gaspacho was created-
In a laboratory.
Absolutely.
In a lab.
Okay, I buy it.
Is it possible that what the deal is,
is that Spanky Gaspacho represents everything that's wrong with humanity
and he realizes or she realizes that Mango,
that Mango boy or whatever they said was the other person,
is all the good, right?
And while they're in a constant luck struggle
with their icy nature versus the juicy nature,
Spanky Gaspacho also realizes the beauty and wonder that is Mango
and wishes they could just be closer to them
but knows that their yin and yang like structure
stops them from ever actually consummating the relationship.
That was, Travis, the fucking craziest thing you've ever said.
We have done this podcast for 242-
And you literally just created a goddamn bonkers religion
around some whack Yahoo Answers shit that you just found.
I'm just saying that it's easy for us to judge
when we don't know the whole story.
Okay, I'll do- I'll test that theory.
You're an insane person.
You're right, that was easy.
I judged you like that.
But, Travis, I was having a dissociative episode
while you were talking because I was so unable
to process the words coming out of your mouth.
This podcast is now officially this episode.
I thought we had some pretty good stuff.
Adam Levine goofs, I'm into it.
Now it's the ring and if you listen to it,
you die seven days later.
You know what, what you said was so fucking weird.
You know what, history will prove one of us right
and one of us wrong, Justin.
Yeah, it's gonna prove you right.
Because Justin's gonna be fucking dead and so am I.
And so is our millions of listeners
unless they get somebody else to listen to our podcast.
But not me because Mango will have welcomed me
into their arms and taken me away from this gazpacho-y planet.
We get cold and icy human beings.
This is great viral marketing, I guess,
unless all of our listeners die,
in which case it's bad viral marketing.
Oh, we have one more money zone from the Mango Council.
Folks, thank you so much for listening
to my brother, my brother, and me.
Want to say a huge thanks to Nature Box.
You can get your free sample box
of great tasting wholesome snacks
like BBQ kettle kernels.
Go to naturebox.com or fuck those.
Get some Parmesan garlic pop pops.
Well, don't say fuck those about the BBQ kettle kernels.
I don't think you should fuck the kettle kernels.
You could try some mango almond bites
or some mango fruit chews or some dried mango.
Or some mango.
All available at Nature Box.
Dried mango is not going to give you
the kind of juice that you need
to perform your fucking sacrament.
You're going to have to get the dried mango
and then soak it in the holy wine overnight.
What's the holy wine?
I'll post all the instructions on the Facebook page.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
This isn't even like idiosyncratic
and like, wow, what a weird tangent they went off on.
Which is what I think all of our listeners
sound like apparently in my head.
This is like, Travis, you are on some like
Charles Manson shit right now.
And I'm like wicked uncomfortable with it.
Yeah, I don't even think it's funny.
I don't think it's funny either.
It's terrifying.
It's fucking terrifying, yeah.
I don't know what you want me to say.
I don't even know where these words are coming from.
It's like some greater forces just speaking through me.
You know what I mean?
I just opened my mouth and the wisdom comes out.
So you've been in LA for all of like three months
and you're already founding Scientology 2.
That's so cool.
This motherfucker's not even founding Scientology 2.
It's like he's discovered like some fucking
some fucking curves and angles that are alien to our world.
Like this motherfucker is like on some fucking
Miskatonic shit like Arkham Horror.
Like fucking Cthulhu talking like crazy cult shit.
Like a new color between orange and yellow
that's just been there the whole time.
It's called mango.
You're on some fucking rats in the wall shit
and I'm losing my mind.
I will never-
At the mouth of mango.
That's where you're at.
We're all teetering on the mouth of mango right now.
I will never stop doing this podcast for my entire life.
As long as all three of us are alive,
we'll continue to do this podcast.
That's my promise to you.
I wish to God this could be our final episode
because this would be the best,
the craziest finale of a podcast ever.
Worse than Seinfeld.
Hands down.
Zero stars.
Would not recommend F-minus.
I hope this is the episode that somebody gives to a friend
that's like man you gotta listen to the show.
You gotta listen to the show.
Oh God I'm safe.
Get it?
Get it?
Oh Jesus.
We're doing two live shows.
If you're not dead,
if you go to MBMBAM Chicago,
bit.ly forward slash MBMBAM Chicago.
Doing a show there on April 5th.
We saw bones.
Bit.ly forward slash MBMBAM,
or sorry.
Bit.ly forward slash M-I-L-M-B-M-B-A-M
and that'll let you get tickets for our show
at Turner Hall Ballroom in Milwaukee.
Tickets that are basically almost sold out.
Like so if you hear this and you wanna go,
like go get tickets right now
because they are,
I mean out of last count where were they?
They were.
Yeah we have like 10 left.
And we're also doing a show in Minnesota
or in Minneapolis,
but we're already sold out on that one.
But we do need questions for all three shows.
So if you're going to be at the shows,
send us an email, MBMBAM at maximumfund.org
and make sure to put in the subject line
like for Chicago live show,
for Minneapolis live show or for Milwaukee live show.
So we make sure to ask the questions
at the right ones that you're gonna be at.
We'll also be taking some audience questions
which if you haven't been to a live show in the past
come with the question ready.
Not a bummer.
It's gotta be happy and an actual question for advice.
Not something like, you know,
why do you think such and such did such and such?
We've got a couple of those questions this week
which they're very funny to read,
but they're not very actionable as far as advice goes.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
who used for our theme song is Departure
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It is a terrific album.
I'm still waiting on that new shit someday.
Some day we're gonna get it.
I was listening to the other night
having a dinner party and my friends like cool album.
I was like, thanks.
I didn't record it, but I purchased it.
No, you should just say you recorded it.
We've got Max Fund Drive.
I am John Roderick.
We've got Max Fund Drive coming up.
It starts the 16th and it runs for two weeks.
Max Fund Drive is your opportunity
to support all of the amazing Max Fund shows.
And it's our chance to give you
some of our best content of the year.
And if you become a new donor
or if you upgrade your donation
you're gonna get some really incredible pledge gifts.
In the past, there's been things like tote bags
and like really cool Max Fund engraved tumblers
and stuff like that.
So there's all different levels of donation
and all of it helps.
And so starting the 16th running for two weeks
we're gonna ask you to really step up
and to commit to some monthly donations
and we'll keep doing awesome shows
and entertaining you for the year.
So don't miss it.
Don't miss it.
Just keep an eye on maximumfund.org for all the details.
And like, and growing.
Like we have been able to grow
not just like this show where we've been able
to like plan and do live show mini tours
and stuff like that
but like stuff like the Adventure Zone
and Bunker Buddies and Sawbones.
Like we have started doing all of that stuff
since we joined Max Fund
because we have the freedom and the support to do it
because of these donations.
Quite literally, like because of the donations
like I was able to move here
and advance a lot of stuff for all of our podcasts
and start a lot of new stuff.
So like it really does go to support the shows you love.
Yeah, thank you all.
Thank you all very, very much.
Speaking of go listen to the other Max Fund shows
My Brother and My Brother and Me
you already listened to but check out the Adventure Zone.
Did you just say My Brother and My Brother and Me?
Oh, My Brother and My Brother and Me?
Yeah, I'm, Griffin at this point
I'm doing three Max Fund podcasts.
It's always hard to keep track of which show
I'm doing at any given time.
So Adventure Zone, where we play D&D with our dad.
We're gonna have some special Pledge Drive episodes
coming up with that.
Bunker Buddies that I do with Andy Bolt
where we talk about survival stuff.
Justin does Sawbones.
I have been on a Sawbones binge lately.
Listened to like eight episodes in the last two days.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
He does that with his wife, Sydney.
It's a comedy medical show
about like the fucked up history of medicine.
It's really amazing.
It's Teresa's favorite show on the network.
Burn.
That's right, Rachel's too, I think.
That's cool.
So listen to those, listen to Flophouse,
listen to Throwing Shade,
listen to all the amazing Max Fund shows.
Are we done?
Yep, here, here's a final Yahoo for you.
Don't leave home without it.
Hit me.
This Yahoo was sent in by level 400,000
Yajru Druid, Drew Davenport.
It's a lot of Drews in there now.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Dave something.
Dave, something's gone wrong.
It says, I haven't seen this error message before,
but I'm highlighting their name to see what the name is.
And all I'm getting is sorry.
It appears something's gone wrong.
Yeah, something's gone terribly wrong
because I'm on Yahoo Answers fucking professionally.
Anyway, this mystery user asks,
my son acts like Kramer from Seinfeld.
Should I be worried?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This is from my brother, my brother.
May I kiss your dad?
Square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
I'm Jesse Thorne.
I'm Jordan Morris.
The federal government has millions of dollars
in programs and opportunities
that you need to seize today.
You're a taxpayer, right?
Well, then you've got it coming.
Thanks to Uncle Sam, you can learn to
get grants for education.
Learn to ride a llama.
Print money the old fashioned way.
Force your dog to stop being so rambunctious.
Make a souffle that sets and stays set.
Mount the heads of your enemies on spikes.
Grind your own corrective lenses
using just rock salt and diamonds.
For all of this and more, drop us a line.
Don't wait.
Right now.
Jordan, Jesse, go.
One, two, three, iTunes Street,
or wherever you download podcasts.
