The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
Hello everybody welcome my brother my brother me and advice you for the imaginary. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your middlest brother Travis McElroy. I'm your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy
Have a question for you guys, you know
Wait, what is it? Say the question? First of all, calm down. Okay, I'll say the question calmly
In a way that we can that we will be able to understand it. Yeah
Well, so I have an icebreaker so that we can kind of get to know each other love that gum
Yeah, I have some gum for you guys and also a question
Um, would you rather? Oh, I love a friend
These are so devilish
Mm-hmm, but friend a I'm gonna say like magical alien who's just trying to get home a man
Oh, yeah, that's kind of a hat on a hat. Don't you think? Well, you don't like ET had like
It was like they said he's not magical enough. He has to have powers too, which is wild
But like a magical alien
That's like sci-fi like that's sci-fi. That's just his like
Science physiology. Yeah. Okay, so it's not magic. Well, how would you put it?
His sci-fi physiology his body can do different stuff. Okay an alien with abilities
How about that? Like when you see a goose fly in the air? Are you like, whoa, I can't do that magic
Okay, so an alien who's trying to get home like it's just his body can do
Or or a ghost trying to solve its own murder
I mean ghosts that is kind of magic cuz it's not real
well
Like as far as you know alien could be real the alien that's like touches a boo-boo and it makes it go better
That could definitely be yeah, but if you've just never seen a bird and I tell you about a bird flying you're like, that's not real
No, I know but if the bird dies and then the bird you see the spirit of the bird fly out of it
I would be like that. How's that real? Well within the world of the would you rather Griffin?
I'm trying to expand your horizons. You don't have to think about
I guess I would do the alien cuz that could be real and the ghost couldn't be real. No, that's the wrong answer
Oh
Well juice didn't even get a chance to I guess. Oh, yeah, I didn't even get a chance to listen to the question
Okay, so would you rather?
Kill someone and have them solve their own murder or kill an alien who's trying to get home. Is the alien bad? I
This is Justin's question. I
Didn't really you didn't specify that before individual people you didn't ask enough questions. Is it the ghost?
Well, so Griffin is on one side of the equation. I was trying to help solve the murder. Yeah, I want to say right now
That in today's day and age and everything and you and look around you. I don't feel like killing anything
Yeah, I'm being a pure love and peace. I would not kill either of these creatures. Okay
We'll cross it then instead of Griffin helping either the ghost of the alien and Justin hurting the ghost the other would you rather?
Griffin help the ghost try to solve its own murder or kill an alien who's trying to get home or Justin
would you rather you kill someone to have the ghost solve its own murder or
Or help an alien trying to get home
But I killed it first cuz it took home state secrets. Are you are you pitting me against Griffin? Yeah
Yeah, so I'm sort of a government bad guy
Yeah
And I I know the alien stole some dates states secrets and it's gonna take him back to his home planet to try to fuck
Us up. I don't think so chick chick. That's my
Gun. Yeah
That your alien is everyone the alien is now dead
No, I was I didn't get to make a sound. Oh, you're too slow. Oh
Oh, you bounced off my armor. Oh, I made armor from detritus around my home
Oh some spaceship detritus. I can't juice. Hold on. Wait, hold on. Wait juice. Hold on. Wait, hold on. Wait, wait, wait
Justin no, shush. Just Justin can't be like
Listen to me because I'm gonna make it beautiful and poignant. What if you had the armor on under your shirt?
Oh, yeah, and I see the alien and I'm like, give me back my secrets
and I just open a clip on his
Booty, but then you jump in the way and I think oh I killed my brother
I'm so sad, but then you stand up and you're like, it's okay. I was protected by the armor and it's like crash
And it's like whoa, that's that's now we're in Oscars territory or or back to the future to territory
but in the in the distraction that you've caused the area dig get to go home with his with this with all the state's secrets and
Like a month later, we are gonna get invaded and it's gonna be bad news
No one's helping the ghost solve its own murder just to check. It's not real is though is the only thing I think
I see on the same page
It was a trick question because the ghost was also trying to kill the alien and the ghost snuck on board the ship
Okay, what are what? Okay. Can we start recording now? Yeah, this has been this has been recording button
It's been important stuff. We've done so far
Do you feel that way?
Yeah, cuz I think we're sort of coming up with some really big ideas. Oh
My and asking the big questions. Yeah. Oh my god. This is an advice show and
We are now if I should check the calendar. What is the ETA time time to the TT?
MVB
Just a quick check most valuable brother is that he said no trying to keep us locked in with the
Like the just time stream like to fix us in time. Yeah, it is
We're releasing this episode on the let's see
23rd
23rd. Okay. It is now one calendar month to man vs. B. So that's where we're
I thought hey, here's a something I fucked up on
Mm-hmm speaking of MVB, which well, I just wanted to need to do a little bit because I fucked up. Yeah, I uh, I
I um, I heard that there was a
Mr. Bean Tony box, you know Tony's they're creative Tony's
Yeah, a little action figures and you put them on top of these boxes and they tell you stories. Oh, yeah
Yeah, so I got one because I've been
letting to Cooper choose one if she sleeps there a bed all night, she gets one to play with and
I
Got her one from the UK. This mr. Bean and it tells mr. Bean stories. It's a big problem
No, it's a problem because it does songs. It's just song. Ah
And she has recently told me informed me that mr. Bean is her favorite singer. Oh, no
yeah, so I'm hearing a
a lot a lot a lot a lot of mr. Bean's
Hit tune wait so Ron over on this end. Yeah, that's how things I just need to check Justin
Are these actual songs related to mr. Bean or is it just like you plug it in and it plays some music?
Mr. Bean is just the trigger. Oh, that's such an interesting question Travis. He sings songs
That are about being mr. Bean. Oh, wow
but
He doesn't really sing. He just says his name quite a bit. Oh cool. He's not very verbose as a character
That's not he's much more of a physical presence. Okay. Oh look, I have a sample of one. I can share with you guys
Oh boy, is this hold on? Wait a little bit. Yeah, are we getting into summer jam 2022 territory?
This might be the summer jam of 22. Oh my god this shit 21 million views. Okay ready? Yeah, we go
ready
Do you get what we're going that is incredible as a good song? Yeah now imagine I gave a four-year-old the ability
With my actions I my purchases my evening. I have the four-year-old ability to make that play. Yeah, literally any moment
Yeah that she chooses by placing mr. Bean on top of her Tony box
Do you feel like by the way, she will because it's there her favorite singer
Yeah here when you hear that so I'm Justin you feel like transported to like a really I'm gonna say almost too trendy
underground like English nightclub and that song plays and everyone
Unironically loses their shit and like really goes for it because that's what it transported me. That's what I felt like too
yeah, there were too many hula hoops and you know a lot of neon and
and clothes that don't seem like clothes and then that song comes on and everyone's dancing and I'm there because like a friend invited me
There and I've never been to a place like this and I'm like what the fuck is this song and I kind of laugh and but
When I laugh everyone looks at me and they're like, this isn't why are you laughing? I'm grew. I'm grooving
I'm shaking so hard. I'm shaking so hard right now. Is that what you feel like in your own home one month?
Until MVB I am curious how you all have been sort of preparing and I don't know about y'all
Netflix says is is having some ish issues with retention. Yeah, and they're having a lot of cancellations and it's like guys
You're you're just gonna come back in a month and you're not gonna be grandfathered in to those good subscription rates
You know what? I mean? Like you're gonna come crawling fucking back in one month
I'm never letting go my subscription by the way
I'm still getting DVDs in the mail whenever I want they can't get rid of that because he's in my contract
I'm getting three a week as long as I watch them and return them on time. There's not a fucking thing they can do
I'm still hold on to a copy of Stuart little too and they have said nothing about it because Netflix is really cool and my
Friend. Yeah, they're like so chill about every yeah facet of their business
Like everything that they do
Do you guys want to hear the some of the comments on the pizza bean video that mr. Bean did where he made pizza in
A video. Oh sure. I was looking for the pizza bean song. I couldn't find it. That's a shame but comment. Yeah, I feel that
Mr. Bean is the best. He makes me laugh so hard on every single video that he does
I love mr. Bean because he makes me laugh out loud
God bless you. Mr. Bean
This is the best thing I say all day. I love mr. Bean always makes me laugh. God bless and protect mr. Bean
You made my child of mr. Bean when you first are reading those Justin
I had confused what you had said and I thought those were comments by mr. Bean on mr. Bean videos
And for a second, I was like, wow, there's some powerful marketing choices another great one Rowan
You've done you've done it again. Should we do a live stream?
I've watched my whole
How to capitalize on I mean, let's talk a little bit of MVB because it's been a little bit
Yeah, it's been like and it's really one of the things that makes me genuinely so happy
To talk about I feel like the best version of it. Yeah is us like
live-streaming us watching
Yes, all of and you can tune it. You can tune it. We can make a day of it
How many episodes at ten episodes, huh?
Is it all dropping at once or is it like weekly releases don't tease me mr. Bean
You can't tease me mr. Bean I can't wait that long you can't leave me on cliffs between each one
I'm hanging there waiting for the beans to drop. I'll die. I'll die. I'll have a little heart attack
Like is he gonna win is the be gonna win? I don't know you can't you got it
Paired for the seven episode seven turn when you're like, maybe I want the B to win
You know that's fucking coming right anybody's not rooting for the B from the start is out of there
There is no I'm gonna call it. There's no way they're still fighting at the end of it by the end of it
They have to unite against hornets or something
But at the end of the day bees endangered
Mr. Bean, that's a good point. Mr. Beans, they come and go but we need these little guys these little buzzy boys
I am very very excited to announce that
The the top result for me. I would to see if there's a trailer yet the top result for man versus be
It on YouTube. It's a is it my brother my brother me and a manic by crafty salad. So hey, thank you for that
We got that. Thank you. Should we do the regular show though?
Yeah, I guess I I just we're so close, you know, we're so I can taste it
I will say it's weird that it's a month out and there's still not a single
promotional image or video or anything
Yeah for this thing other than that one incredible poster. That's all you need baby. I
guess that's all you need but
I've been mr. Bean. Let's hear your bean. No, I'll hear it later. Okay
There it is, I when they did NFTs my tweet was my non fungible friend and I don't think
Fucking that's I enjoy that
But it's great. Yeah, that's the thing that's gonna get me going again. I have this question that's been haunting me
Huh for years when I was a kid. I went to a house showing with my parents and during it
I really had to go to the bathroom
So I asked my mom if I could use the bathroom of the place that we were seeing
I don't even remember if I did or if I was allowed but now as an adult who's looking for places to live now
I'm wondering can you use the bathroom at places you're seeing should you?
That's from Nathan. I mean
What what what it's like Nathan what Nathan?
Listen, if you're gonna live in a place
You're gonna make messes in it. Do you know what I mean? Like thank you when you live in a house
What are you gonna do go back to your old house to make messes cuz you know it and know that it's good for you
You gotta take a test drive
Oh, yeah, you can't I'm kidding. Listen. I can't even kid around here
Yeah, you absolutely have to use the bathroom. Yeah, like you have to there are in the house
Right like three things that you're gonna spend them
but like your bedroom where you sleep your kitchen where you make food and your toilet where you make messes and
Like if any one of those three is like you get in there and like oh actually I hate this
I hate this and you don't find that out until after you paid for the house. That's that's the wrong time to read
Cuz maybe you sit down you're like, oh, you know what?
This counter is actually a little close to this. I feel like I'm pinned in here
Oh, you know actually the toilet paper dispensers a little bit too far away and I gotta like lean forward to reach it
What if it's one of those things where this toilet seat won't stay up?
Oh, I like hold it with one hand while you do the your your stand-up business with the other hand
All right. Well, that's why I just don't I don't you stand up. Do y'all remember the first house that we bought?
Where there was a fucking Harry Potter bathroom like Harry Potter under the stairs bathroom
Yeah
that you had to like scooch into and kind of lean backwards cuz the you imagine my
Horror my abject horror after I'd signed a deed to say yes, this is my bathroom
Yeah, and I sat in there and tried to use that bathroom. Can you imagine my abject terror as my knees bump the wall?
Oh, yeah, that was I felt like I was on a American Airlines flight
That was a bad that was a bad situation the first apartment that Teresa and I lived in together and grant we did not buy the
house but
There was one bathroom in the apartment
But then they said but in case if there's like an emergency
You have to use there is a toilet in the basement that toilet while connected and fully functional was just stand like in the middle
Of a room there was no it was like some fucking Frank Lloyd Wright like this is like a desert
There's no walls kind of shit. We're just like if it's an emergency and you gotta go. Yeah, just right there
Do you guys remember the first apartment?
I moved into in Huntington up in the West Virginia building where I didn't realize this like when we signed up for it
but it came it came with dookie man and
Sorry, what when the bathroom you remember? Do you remember the first apartment? I yes. Yes
Yes building. Yeah, and then you were high there once and a talkable. Yeah, that was a good day
Once but then during that visit. Did you go to the bathroom and see dookie man?
No, I don't think so. Oh, you didn't you didn't see him and now that I remember bad news. He saw you. Oh
Really? I can't believe you don't remember dookie, man. He's just he was there always and
He was bad like a guy that lived in your bathroom. Is that you're telling me?
Um guys not though. He had human qualities, I guess. Yeah
But he would he was there. He other people saw him like your roommates on. I don't know if they ever
I know I should send them
I need to reconnect with those boys on Facebook messenger and say like hey fun times we had in that apartment
Too bad about dookie, man
But they never mentioned him. You just assumed that if they saw they were keeping it to themselves
Yeah
Okay, believe you guys don't remember dookie man. No, I was there a lot. I used the bathroom quite a few times
It'd be a lot more fun if you remembered dookie man, and you could help me kind of flesh him out a little bit
Well, I think that the name was off-putting. Yeah. Oh, well that was I mean, he didn't tell me his name
You absolutely need to use the bathroom here. I want to move on. Okay
The wizard has one for us if we are good with that
Sure. Yeah. Yeah
All right. Cool. Yeah, cool Glenn sent this in. Thank you, Glenn
It's this is and this one's like actionable I think for like most folks all the time. Okay
It's how to interpret a dream involving seals. Thank you. And this is first of all, he's singing
Lovely animal. I tried to get ahead of it. Did you hear how I tried to get ahead of it?
Like right away, I'll try to still got in there to scoop it. No, we're talking about the little blubbery boys known as seals
or sea dogs
Dream interpretation can be complicated
Usually the most important meaning of a dream is the meaning that's important to you as an individual. I don't yes
I don't like that. I feel like it should be pretty objective. There should be a chart. There should be a chart
There's really only two dream interpretations, right?
And one it's either you are anxious or you are not anxious and it's one of those two and if you break it down by that
It's pretty easy to see which one's which right? Yeah. Yeah, it's more gradients of how anxious are you right exactly?
That's really it. Either. You're either you're like you're several different degrees of anxious
Yeah, or maybe you get to chill out and fly. Yeah
You had an okay day or you had a normal day
Can I Henry had a nightmare the other day about
Zombies, he's had that one quite a bit lately. Yeah, and
He was like, but I had superpowers. Oh, I was like, oh cool. And he's like nice but the superpowers had to load
Oh
Shit, that's so good. That's so choice
Okay, so record the details write them all down
If you want to interpret the dream, you need to record the details you wait
I'm talking about waking up in a cold sweat and turning on the light and your wife is like, what are you doing?
You know, like I have to I have to write this down. I had a dream and
The lead singer of matchbox 20 was there and he got mad at me. What does it mean?
You're you're anxious today and okay jot down everything you remember track specifics like colors shapes sounds words
And so on they were seal sounds and shapes the shape of a seal the sound of a seal
Do you think it's better or worse if the seal makes seal sounds or if the seal speaks in like human voice?
Hi, thanks for coming. Yeah. Hey, hey
Good. What's up? I know you think this is a dream, but I'm telepathically connecting to you. Could you bring me some fish?
I
Love the aquarium, you know, but nearby if you could just come down. No, don't wake up yet. Say yes
You're a human. You're a human, right? Yeah, where's all the ice land going? Yeah, I used to
Love it there and it's all going away. Is everything okay? I have to assume it's humans
You guys are way more worried about this than us, right?
You guys got to be freaking out doing everything you can to fix this shit, right because like I'm a seal and my seal brain
Comprehends that there's an issue. So you with your human brains you guys got to be like really freaking out
Are you talking to me? Why are you sleeping? You got thumbs and computers and stuff, right and don't be wrong
It's right making the whales go extinct. We love that
I should admit right now the temperatures that's caused by our farts. Yeah, don't tell anybody
But I see you guys every day fighting those big metal animals that spit out all that stuff
You guys killed them yet. You guys seem to be all those fighting. I'm just so awesome. Okay record your feelings
That's the same. I felt like a seal. I saw I saw the seal
It sounded like Rob Thomas from matchbox 20 and I felt sad
A little bit happy because it was Rob Thomas. I'm a big fan. Sure
Sure, sure. The next step is identify your thoughts, which is literally the same thing
No feelings and thoughts are different driven
Okay fan if in the dream you saw a seal and you felt anxious, but you thought oh fuck is that Rob Thomas?
That's right different things, right a band of seals played me matchbox 20s
Unwell, and if I felt sad, but I thought it was badass. Yeah. Yeah two different things pretty badass song
It is really is think about your personal role in the dream
Oftentimes we are not ourselves in our dreams. You may find that you are playing a role. You would not normally play in life
I was like I was the drummer of matchbox 20 and normally I'm the guitarist
For example, you may be aggressive in your dream while you tend to be non confrontational in real life
I'm gonna get you dream seal. I'm gonna get you and fuck you up dream seal
Please don't kill you killed my dad dream seal
Think about how you felt so far. We have not talked about seals in this article. That's the point
I think we have a lot so let's begin that now looking for potential meanings consider the potential symbolism of seals
most
Symbolism and dreams is highly personal
However, no one is completely unaware of culture and the cultural meanings or associations that are often attached to images like seals
Yeah, Justin, why don't you tell me some one thing that seals represent again object not to you
But just sort of archetypically speaking us just like just like um
Tricks yeah
Yeah, that's one thing that I feel like
Yeah, they do a trick with a ball
Sometimes they jump up into passers-by's kayaks and they're like you got to get me the fuck out of here, man
And that's great. We love that
Travis yeah, see what do I think?
What's the seal mean to you?
sperm
Yeah, yeah, sorry sperm cuz they're like slippery wigglers and they're swimming quickly all over the place and I
I think sperm whales eat them and that's a connection in my brain, too. I'm not sure though
Maybe sperm I think if you walk into the daily therapist's office and he's like, so what's up?
You're like I had a dream about seals which of course means sperm. Maybe I okay. We're done for the day
It doesn't mean it doesn't actually say that I'm actually writing you a prescription. I know the exact pill
For you. I know the exact pill that's gonna fix this for you because we've heard this well, what's it mean?
What's this? What's the seal represent to you Griffin? Yeah, well, I've already read the wiki how article
So I'm tainted
See lions would that have been a better answer that they're basically this seal is just short for sea lion
Yeah, there is a certain duality in seals that can be symbolic while seals live in the ocean
They can also come up on land a seal in a dream may suggest confusion regarding one's place in the world
Do you think that when see you sorry author of this article? Do you think when seals go up on land?
They're like what the fuck am I doing?
I'm caught between two worlds. This is stupid. This is stupid. I look at my I have fins
Look at the way I try to walk with my not feet. What the fuck am I doing up here?
They're excellent swimmers able to navigate water a seal in a dream may have something to do with the ability to go with the flow
Of life if you felt overwhelmed recently a seal in a dream can be representative of a longing for more control. That's good
Hey, you guys want to hear something? It's weird and fucked up and true
Yeah, the difference between seals and sea lions is they have ear flaps or not
no
Seal is sure for your line. Say see you Travis. They see you lying outside out loud
See you outside go outside. Okay, hold on and say see you lying out loud, but don't say I am
Okay, yeah, I get it
And if that's not right if you could email us that would be great, but I'm pretty sure that it is right yeah
our email address is
Help at Jimmy John's
Look at your personal struggles
Did not do that podcast
The cost-benefit analysis of I had a seal dream last night
I'm curious what it meant and the Internet is like, well, let's psychoanalyze and you're like, oh wait
Imagine if you woke up and you're like, how's your sleep? I jump with my seals clear my schedule. I'm going deep today
WikiHow told me I need to think about my problems and that's all it took to start me on this journey of self-discovery
Step one. I've been fighting a lot of whales lately. Oh
All done
Think about what's been on your mind lately. Have you been feeling overwhelmed by something at work or a personal relationship?
Have you been struggling to make a big decision? Yeah, maybe the seal can help with that
um
If I'm here to help
Now tell me who's been eating your sandwich and using the copier at all hours. No, it's Sammy. Did you bring those fish?
I asked you for it. You did awesome. No, this is another this she's kind of gossipy at work, huh?
Oh, that's a tough one tough one. Here's another interactive segment
I want both of you to evaluate your personal connection to seals
Have seals ever had a large importance in your life?
Do you have any particularly strong memories of seals? Is this like a scale of one to ten kind of deal?
I would say can I say I'm realizing this is I've tried to make seal jokes. I fucking
Nothing. See. Oh
Nothing them. I if they're at like there's a seal show at the astounding
Nation's best if I may Atlanta aquarium, huh? And I actually might be the Georgia aquarium, but it is in Atlanta
There's a seal show there and it's like right there, right?
Yeah, and you just walk in and see seals doing tricks and I like don't care if I'm there or not
Sometimes I'll walk in there and see the seals. Yeah, sometimes I don't I don't care
I think that that might be a bigger connection of like your
Disinterest in dogs as well because to me seals are a very dog-like aquatic creature because for me
I'm at like an 8.5 on seals. I have feelings solely based around
Tina Majorino's star turn in Andre of course the seal movie where yeah if memory serves
She had a seal friend and that was about the extent of it
I think the seal solved a crime if I'm not mistaken. I think he she tried to pretend the seal was a real person
Mm-hmm
Like a seal and a dog become best friend or it's a dolphin and a dog isn't it? Yeah, that's not
I'm gonna say yeah out of ten. I'm like an 8.5. I feel before you out on seal. I like them
I like them
Listener, please tweet us your feelings on seals. It's at Jimmy John's. I'd love to touch one. Just okay. Yeah
I bet they feel
Super I would like to swim with on
Well, but I'm not a great swimmer
So I also feel like the dog the dog this he'll be very judgmental have to do the whole that old like put a collar around
two of them and
Like what? Yeah that old chestnut. That's cool and not bad for them
Roxanne we should make it clear because some people are gonna be like
That's mean to say but the seals love it when they pull you through the water
They don't know what to do if they're not doing it. Yeah. Yeah, and it makes them like really strong
once you take it off and they're not hauling they're like
If you have two seals that have hauled me for a long time and you and hinge me
They're suddenly like half a Justin faster. Yeah, it's like and that's an amazing feeling they love that
It's not like a bad like SeaWorld thing
It's like a they they prefer it people probably think you're mean to yourself for exercising, right?
You know avoid dream dictionaries and they have a picture of a dream dictionary here, but it's it's backwards
Like the title is on the back cover of the book
So I don't is that because if you look it up you're gonna realize how much horse shit is
Time to put it all together question each image in your dream
Okay, for example, you remember an image from the dream
You are swimming in the ocean with your best friend when a large herd of seals approach the seals surround you and your friend is
Nowhere to be found
Damn, okay. What did they what did the seal is my friend a seal? No. Well, maybe I see you on
Maybe they turned into one, but I'm afraid to be a seal. Oh
Yeah, I'm letting opportunity pass me by opportunity for fun for change
transformation rebirth I just say
That they went with a herd of seals, but there's many terms that they could have gone with that are way better
Yeah, a rookery of seals
Oh a harem of seals which no or a bob of seals a
Bob that's pretty tight. I like that
I would love a hair of mostly. Oh god now if I introduce you to my
Yes, I this is the largest private estate in the nation over here. That's real for the door behind here
I have a harem of so well, I suppose you could say yes married
I don't describe to such a pedestrian labels. It's a harem
Figure out what please
Figure out what the seals mean in your specific dream. Yeah, no shit wiki out. What have we been doing, dude?
This is circular read this article on seal
In dream interpretation, it's like it just keeps going down the spiral
Here's a hyperlink to this article reflect on your feelings again. Thanks. You're wasting my time now
Last step apply the interpretation to your current situation. Is there a word count? They have to hit in this article
It feels like it. Absolutely
Yeah, man, figure it out and then look back over your notes and then do it do it you practice
This is all about practicing mindfulness though because it's you got you can't just look at the dream and be like the seal means that
I am in love with my best friend and I can't and I'm afraid to change you have to
You have to go and go to your best friend be like hey a seal a dream seal told me I'm in love with you
You have to be ready. We need to take some fish down to the aquarium if you have time and a big and a knife
One of them wanted a knife
My strategy I think is gonna be to figure out what the problem is and then try to fix the problem very hard for one
Week. Yeah, and then less hard for two. Uh-huh, and then stop completely after that
Yeah, I think my strategy is gonna be to stop watching movies about seals before I go to bed. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's huge
I watch Andre every night. Yeah
Cuz it's it's so fucking funny and cute
You could watch a dolphin tail starring Harry Cronk Jr. And see if that changes anything. Sure
There's a lot of great movies you could watch
Fish you could watch fish tales is another one
Free Willy one through I don't know like six. Yeah, mr. The free Willy cartoon. There's a cyborg. Really?
limp it
Name one more fish movie Griffin my dinner with Andre is a sequel to Andre. Yeah
Where Wallace Shawn?
Goes to dinner with a seal and the whole time he's like, why are you being so rude?
That was my celebrity impression for the episode
I don't have to do one at the end is that is my dinner with Andre the seal a comedy Griffin or is it played?
Straight, it's it's like a Linklater film. Oh, like they talk they talk about like
God and stuff. Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah
Not like a Dunstan checks in
Well it there is in some deleted scenes some parts where Dunstan talks about God and his Dunstan, okay
Dunstan doesn't appear in my dinner with Andre the seal though. No, no, no, no, that's a
Animal movie that is and that is the dumbest thing you've ever said
Yeah
Let's uh, let's take a brief break
For commercialism and then return with one of our brother my brother and me sounds good
Guess what kind of socks I'm wearing right now Bombas. They're very comfortable in the perfect length
They don't slip around because they got and just slip stuff Bombas. It's Bombas.com
Hi, my name is Justin McElroy, and I'm a singer
But also I wear socks and when I wear socks, I turn to Bombas. Their mission is simple
They want to make the best clothes ever and match every item sold with an equal item donated
Shelters for people experiencing homelessness. They really need socks and other items that Bombas sells
So Bombas is a great partner for them. They make everything soft seamless tagless and with a
Luxuriously cozy feel there's lots of options. You want performance style that I love that for me
That's so important suit
performance style
Great for athletics and stuff. There's also Bombas underwear that has a barely their
My secret is that I have a second skin what it's Bombas underwear
Oh, yeah, so go to Bombas.com slash my brother get 20% off your first purchase. That's
BOMBAS.com slash my brother for 20% off
Bombas.com slash my brother now that we're talking about Brooklyn and two and they started off suggesting he made another one
Yeah, well, you're gonna Brooklyn and two to talk to the sheets of the future
Let me ask you guys a question when you heard the Bears hi Renee
Did you always think when you're a kid that they like went to sleep and then they slept?
For like four months and then woke up. Is that not what they do? That is not of Travis
Okay, listen. All right. Listen, stop the ad. I didn't realize that
Not true. They're basically just kind of they sleep a lot
They don't do much but they're not just like in a sleep coma for four months. In fact
Uh, like during hibernation is when bears like give birth and shit
You're kidding. Oh, not just asleep. They're not just sleeping for like four months
Why did I think they would sleep for because I'm pretty sure that's what we were told them. We were kids
I feel like you were taught that a lot when you're a kid, but that's apparently not
They're just kind of like dozing a lot and not sure. Yeah, man
Okay, this doesn't sound right to me. Hi. Yeah, can I get another you need a second?
Can I get another source on this? Yeah, email us help at jimmyjohnson.com
Winter hibernation may be behind us, but a good night's sleep is always in season. That's beautiful
Thank you, Brooklyn. Brooklyn Inn offers everything from snuggly sheets to cozy towels and robes loungewear accessories and much more
Is this your first time buying Brooklyn Inn? Sure, come with me
Their best-selling luxe sheets are the perfect place to start featuring an irresistibly soft feel and buttery smooth finish
Also, could I borrow like $25? We can talk about it
And so we don't need to worry about it right now need some shopping inspiration
Brooklyn and has everything from little luxuries like mulberry silk
I am asks pillowcases and candles to big home updates like comforting weighted blankets bedding and towel bundles and
More I got Brooklyn and on my bed. I got Brooklyn and I'm pillowcase
I got Brooklyn in on my towel rack. I love Brooklyn in and
You will too or my name isn't Travis McRoy
It's the go to Brooklyn and calm and use promo code my brother all one word for $20 off your purchase of $100 or more
That's B R O O K L I N E in
Calm and enter promo code my brother for $20 off your purchase today Brooklyn and the curators of comfort
You're in a theater the lights go down
You're about to get swept up by the characters and all their little details and interpersonal dramas
You look at them and think that person is so obviously in love with their best friend
Wait, am I in love with my best friend? That character's mom is so overbearing. Why doesn't she just stand up to her?
Oh god
Do I need to stand up to my own mother if you've ever recognized yourself in a movie then join me Jordan Cruciola for the podcast
Feeling scene we've talked to author Susan or lean on realizing her own marriage was falling apart after watching adaptation an
Adaptation of her own work and comedian Hari Kondabolu on why Harold and Kumar was a depressingly important movie for Southeast Asians
So join me every Thursday for the feeling scene podcast here on maximum fun
Video games video games video games you like them. Maybe you wish you had more time for them
Maybe you want to know the best ones to play
Maybe you want to know what happens to Mario when he dies in that case
You should check out triple click. It's a podcast about video games a podcast about video games
But I don't have time for that
Sure
You do once a week kick back as three video game experts give you everything from critical takes on the hottest new releases to scoops
Interviews and explanations about how video games work to fascinating and sometimes weird stories about the games
We love triple click is hosted by me Kirk Hamilton
Me Jason Shire and me Maddie Myers, you can find triple click wherever you get your podcasts and listen at maximum fun org. Bye
Have another all right
I'm a nanny for a couple of young child. My shift starts at 11 in the morning and ends shortly before dinner. I
Always eat an early lunch before this even though the parents remind me often
I'm welcome to any the food in the fridge or cabinets while I'm working. They're clearly worried
I don't feel comfortable enough in their home to eat
The real reason is that most of the food in their house is completely unappetizing to me
I simply bring my own stuff
Is there a polite way to signal them? They've made me feel perfectly welcome and just think their food looks kind of gross
That's from picky eater in Portland
Wow, so judgmental. Maybe you got I have a friend. He's a tiger. His name's Daniel. You know
I try new food because it might be good. Yeah, it was rhetorical, but he says you got to try new foods because they might taste good
We like whoa Jesus Christ. All right, we all guys that was jarring
I you should have heard that on my end was it wait till you hear that play play that back on your holy shit
I that tripped me out for a second little blood army there wows. Yeah
I was do your Daniel Tiger joke. Don't do mine. Okay, we like different things and that's just fine
But remember to be kind
Well, he also says if you have to go potty stop and go right away and that is really close-minded
Daniel Tiger if I I have tried to live a life and create a career for myself that does
Allow for that. Yeah. Yeah, that does allow me to go. I have to go potty even a little bit
So I'm going to stop what I'm doing right now, but sometimes you're on stage in front of a big screaming crowd
Yeah, and it doesn't work like that Daniel Tiger
Well to be fair the earlier version of that was we should live in a society where when one has to go potty
They should be able to stop and go right away with no judgment. We're like this is a little ideal
Yeah, they had to shorten that a little bit. Yeah, there's a song
It's like abolish work so we can go potty whenever we need to yeah, that's a good one
Give the businesses to the workers, right? You could get a
Cutting board and dip a knife in some hummus and then leave the knife on the game board
And then your desk job. Oh, I see what you're saying. This is to make it seem like you ate some of the food
Yeah, you didn't eat anything, but you like yeah, I'm real comfortable here. I didn't clean up after myself
Now here's the thing we are all
children have our people and so really be a better really should and
We have from time to time had people watch our children, and I've done the line complete
You know you're you can eat here, but whenever I do that
I also think in the back of my head, but I did like pick out all this food because I wanted
But but you should know that I have a sort of mental catalog of exactly how much I have of all these things
And if there's less or none of the things that I think I have I will actually lose
I'm gonna tell you like whatever you want, but in my head
There are things that are like mine like that bag of M&Ms
That's mine and like if you eat that I'll be pissed not enough to not hire you again. Don't get it twisted
I like that you watch my kid, and I trust you
But if you eat that bag of M&Ms that I did not tell you not to eat
I'm gonna yeah like one degree like you us if if you drink my last Pepsi
You enjoy looking at the inside of my home because it will be the last time oh boy. Oh boy. Oh you ate the doughnuts, okay?
Yeah, although I will say when I was a babysitter when I used to babysit
Oh, oh boy. There's nothing more delicious than like oh shit. You guys have
We never have put it in our house
When I was babysitting I had a lot of secret bathroom gushers because I knew they weren't for me
And I could not let the children see me eat them
So I would sort of take them and go into the bathroom and eat like five at a time
Yeah
Finish a pack and like man you would not believe how fast I could polish off a pack of gushers
And I'm pretty sure that's not the first time I've said that sentence on this show
Is
There a way to say to them oh
I do feel comfortable here. It's just that your food is yucky without it being a thing like oh, no
Thank you. Why are you rephrasing the question because I'm trying to think if there's a way if you could say
Hmm. Oh, you know what actually on Tuesdays. I only eat turkey sandwiches cuz it starts with a T
Just like Tuesdays. Sorry. It's bug day. Huh?
That's not what I said, but I like yours only bugs for me
but then the problem with Hakuna Matata I
Am I am living my life as a repub book and I have
You've probably heard about this on Instagram you've probably heard about this
But I'm a repub and I feel like I'm living my life as a poom
But it's a choice that I made for myself to make a more sustainable choice for yeah
Henry Cavill did it to get ready for man
He actually got really cup, but that's not that's not that's point of it
Even though he did look so good in the Nola home
You may not have noticed this they had to CG a lot of his face stuff in the Superman movie
Yeah, because he but he was living a very poomba lifestyle at the time
So they had to like get the tusks out of the picture
Yeah, and he had a lot of carapace all over his chin great just eaten
I'm but so I'm doing that but no, please don't buy bugs for me. And I know you're
I'll just find them underneath like your floorboards and stuff. I'm helping you out really I
Like I only like them when they're so paintable. Is that the word? Sorry. I've only been repubed for a few weeks now
So I'm just kind of getting into it. So please don't hit me with non bugs
Because it is a bug day for me
Tomorrow, I'm gonna find a baby and race. It's my own. It's a whole lifestyle. It's not just the food thing
I am looking for a meerkat partner
So if you know any meers and you actually are you I know you have a lot of questions
You cannot ask them. You can't
Is what I'll say every time if you ask do you think do you think?
That way after many years when Simba was was traveling around with Timon and poomba. Do you think?
That it there was ever a moment where he like wandered away to the two of them and here they ran into like a goose
Or something and it goes like who's that over there? And Simba's like, oh, those are my dad's
Goals Justin those
Are not Simba's dad's Justin they're his uncle my dumb not bug eating real death fell and died
Do you think he ever slipped up he's like
Like poop alike handed him a bug and he's like, thanks. Oh, yeah, and there's like silence like what did you say? Oh,
Okay, this is okay. I'm gonna need to walk away for a second. I do think it's nice that
That that married couple Timon and poomba adopted a lion child. I think that that is nice
But do you think there was ever a moment where you know when he's the full-grown adult and he's back there at the pride
Lance he would hunt and kill because he is a lion. That's what he do and he would come home
Just like his face dripping in blood and gore. Yeah, and Timon and poomba was like, oh, right
Oh, all right
He's a terrifying lion that we have really kind of like hitched our wagon to they don't like to hunt and kill
They don't show day after he deposes the bad uncle and he's like, what's up? Everybody? I'm King now. Guess what bugs?
only it's all the bugs we can't be buds with
Zebra and also eat zebra. We we are now bugs bugs have no souls. No faces. They are the perfect food
You're gonna zebras like so what do we do? We love this stuff. No
Oh, okay leaves sleeves are alive to only bugs bugs are already dead. I
And the bugs are like, oh, excuse me. I mean not so fast. Um, then then and then and then okay
I want a month
But I want to much squad
Bababa, bababa, bababa. Welcome much quiet podcast within a podcast profiling the latest in case in brand eating
I
'm your
Travis McElroy. I know
Don't I'd like to announce that I will not be covering a story with the headline Pizza Hut to enter the metaverse
And why not? I will not be covering why not?
Because I'm not I'm not fucking doing it. Okay. Here's one. Here's one sentence
The undead drivers will remind attendees to grab pizza now and enter one of nine NFTs
All of which will come with a free year of pizza. It seems like an AI wrote that sentence
Yeah, I'm not doing it. I net wrote that we're going to our fucking sweet spot right now as Hardee's
Carl's jr. Just pack
Just be one
Maybe it's first name last name or a nickname. Maybe it's Hardy. Just pick one party rally Sheckers
I'm looking at you pick one be one thing talk about Taco Bell taco shack. You got to do one of them guys
Pizza in would be Taco Bell taco chime. I think if I was pizza in you're a copier and everyone's mad at you
Chipotle Olive Garden do one guys
Okay, Universal Pictures and CKE restaurant holdings are teaming up to give fans a chance to experience the taste of a highly anticipated
release of
Jurassic World Dominion. Yes. Yes the epic conclusion to the five billion dollar franchise. Well
Okay already known for innovative and craveable menu items
Carl's jr. And Hardee's are introducing one of their most flavorful
medias burgers burritos and biscuits
to date with the all-new
Primal menu hell. Yes
A variable now the menu features a variety of savory offerings fit for carnivores craving made from real
dinosaur meat
Made from flavorful prime rib, including the primal Angus thick burger. Hi
Hi, I'm primal Angus. Maybe if
This is like optimist primal shit
The primal biscuit with Friday. Well, wait, how is that right?
Oh wait a primal business really good guys for the herbivores Carl's jr. Will offer the beyond raptor burger. What?
Like oh good. So it's not excuse me. Is this real raptor read this sign? No, it's beyond raptor
I can't have you ever heard of such a fucking thing and they spell it WRA
r-a-p-t-o-r like at least have the strength of your convictions around right? Yeah, is it it's not a wrap
It's not a wrap. It's not a wrap
No, what?
They also have tangy
amber bbq sauce
Homage to the iconic Jurassic World amber resin. Oh, okay. Yeah, but is the is it amber colored?
Amber is the flavor of my bbq
I think world is such an iconic
Franchise just like our menus that we wanted to make sure we were doing the film's justice and put a lot of inspiration from them
We're making it. It doesn't feel like you are
It doesn't seem like it Owen Klein the VP of culinary
Innovation the culinary team has had a lot of fun with this and when consumers bite into these big meaty items
We want them to be instantly
Transported to the world of Jurassic. No, that's the sentence
That's all it says we want them to be instantly transported to the world of Jurassic the world of Jurassic
Oh, hey Owen. Have you seen any of the movies?
Cuz that they don't call it that they're not like welcome to the park of Jurassic or well
The one that's not Owen. I don't think that people are reading these or writing them
Oh Griffin joked about AI but like listen to this to build excitement leading up to the film's release
CKE is bringing the movie to life by turning to Carl's juniors and Hardy locations into the biggest
dinosaur bite magnet the world has ever seen
By I like every dinosaur saw it. They could not help but bite it. Is that what we are too?
I think that Richard Schiff is kind of a dinosaur bite magnet
well, yeah, the Jurassic World dino takeovers in Los Angeles and
Nashville will feel those two almost
if they will feel as if they could almost be part of the movie itself there may even be a
Jurassic t-rex at the Los Angeles
Which do not he says to me someone's like
I don't know if I can get
T-rex there my uncle
I'm talking to him to see if we can get it there but no guarantees
Okay
But he said if I was a good boy should fans should go at their own risk because this summer
Carl's Jr. And Hardy's restaurants are the most thrilling places to go then I'm not gonna go
Yeah, we're giving guests the opportunity to experience the world of Jurassic with unforgettable bites saying that as well stop saying
As well, it feels like a big game thing where you're not allowed to take your ass world, please. I'm building energy
Stop cutting me off at the knees
Jurassic we're giving guests the opportunity to experience the world of Jurassic with
Unforgettable bites as well as innovative extensive 360 marketing campaign says the ghost of Michael Crichton
I'm excited about how all of its going from tick-tock to ways
Says Crichton the brands invested in unique partnerships as well as captivating billboards to show this compelling
collaboration on top of all that we're excited for movie fanatics of foodie lovers alike to have the opportunity to explore our dyno takeovers
And national Los Angeles. Hey, hey ways. Do you think that maybe getting whimsical turn, right?
There's a fucking t-rex out quickly
Getting whimsical with things that direct like two-ton moving vehicles around the world would love that if
Just like oh you need to get the hospital
No problem
Just turn left at the Hardee's and then three more lefts and then park at Hardy's and eat something and then we'll get you there
No, watch out for the t-rex. No, wait, it wasn't real. Oh fuck
His augmented reality
So this partnership and the menu, can you believe can you believe someone spent at least a full?
Calendar week on this press release
there will be complemented by a full creative campaign launching on May 23rd with a mix of local and
National media across traditional and digital channels including television cinema radio
Maybe you've heard of that of home social media and print with custom co-branded creative guests will feel
Transported in the film with unique digital media included an augmented reality lens
through snapchat
custom rich media with Yahoo
Cargo Wow a branded digital game experience in uber and lyft via octopus
What's all about Sarah tops on whatsapp? That's it's my octave. That sentence was so cool
It's so cool. I don't know what any of it is
It's starting to feel a little bit like when someone's writing a long report to hand into a teacher and they're pretty sure
The teachers not gonna read every word of every report and so they just start kind of saying things in the middle
The primal menu offerings are available now for a limited time at participating
Carl's Jr's and Harry's locations in the US the dyno
Takeovers will run from June 1st to June 8 a long time one restaurant in Los Angeles and a one restaurant in Nashville
ahead of the film's June 10th debut
The partnership is also going global with it's gonna be the Middle East he can I I do I want to challenge something
Why is it only from June 1st to June 8th?
Here's what I would suggest they're gonna get to June 8th, and they're gonna be like hey guys, and they're gonna be like yeah
I'm like I actually
Love all this time. Yeah, we actually put a lot of work into this. Yeah, we were so hard on it. Can we just like?
Leave it like maybe Hardee's is a place where you go this like got
Dinosaurs and no one knows let's just try them the rest of June and just see how we feel
Also, hey press release and anyone writing press release if this doesn't end with get these deals before they go extinct you're fired
Yeah, yeah, you're fired. You're actually you're fired so get to Hardee's or Carl's Jr's
Right now and demand that each one changed their name to the other
and also and
Also get these these sandwiches before
Get the sandwiches
Before they go before they go thank you
Can I get a quick thumbs up or thumbs down from you guys or one out of ten on?
First off why does the burrito have a face?
Secondly how delicious do these offer not delicious at all I?
And I love trash. I like I like I like trash food. It's hard for me to separate
The day it is going to give me
Yeah, there's also I noticed no, and they really leaned into this vegetables present on here
It is yeah, there's no tomato or lettuce or even they notably don't list the the
Ingredients in the mouth-watering primal angus thickburger. Yeah
But it's not vegetables definitely not there there is an onion slice in there
No, I think that's onion rings Justin. That's a slice of onion deep-fried sure
But I would not say that hundred percent a black angus beef patty char-broiled
Over an open I guess and topped with tender slow-cooked sliced prime rib tangy amber BBQ sauce
Smoked cheddar and onion rings served on a toasted potato bun
And they did go ahead and put that sauce on the top and bottom to really ruin your shirt
Thank you
They're gonna get them both in one chomp that shirt pants hat. It's all a whole shebang. It's all
Goated with the sauce
Thank you so much for your podcast. No. I didn't listen you help make it you're culpable last week
Remember we talked about the honey. Yeah
And I was listening back to the episode because I didn't I wasn't there for that segment
And I was listen back the episode they sounded so good. I drug my family to Charleston to Wow
Did you get to be one? That's not a bee
Got to be one. It's not a bee. I got the honey cluster. I got the the honey crumble crumble. Yeah. Awesome, man
They're all fine. I just wanted to say thank you to everybody who watched the virtualist has show last week
And it hasn't happened yet as we record this but it's gonna be really great video on demand is still available for purchase
You can get that as well as other tickets for the 20 rendezvous fancy takes flight tour at bit.ly slash
McElroy tours there's an exclusive poster still available for purchase on the event page and that's designed by Sabrina Volante
And that's at Sabrina Volante on Instagram next up. We got the Boston shows
He spelled Volante for me because I can vo l a n t e
We got Boston shows the 17th June 17th is the Adventure Zone June 18th is my brother my brother and me
And then we are at Foxwoods in Mashantucket on June 19th
My brother my brother and me you can also get tickets for that at bit.ly slash
McElroy tours as well as all the other stops masks and proof of full vaccination or negative kovat tests within 72 hours of event
Start is required this weekend. I am going to be at Phoenix fan fusion
And I'm very excited to see people there. It isn't it you can get tickets or find out info about the event at phx
Fan fusion comm slash Travis McElroy if you use that link it benefits me. Hey, hey, what's up?
We got some new merch this month. I was just thinking
How can I benefit Travis McElroy? Thank you. Are we all thinking it all the time? Oh, what have you done for me lately?
Over the metro, we got a double-sided urchin keychain from Taz ether see
We've got other Taz ether see keychains there as well both designed by Kate May
10% of all merch proceeds this month will go to in a RAL which fights for access to abortion care birth control
Paid parental leave and protections from pregnancy discrimination. You can find all that stuff at macro merch calm
Thank you to montane for the theme song. My life is better with you. Yeah, I can't believe Travis forgot it every week
He forgets I'm always here to like swing in and be like am I support our support art and artists? Oh boy
Thank you. I already did the impression Wallace Shawn earlier. Can I do it again? Yeah, I just we need. Yeah, sure. Sure
this is
Now this isn't my dinner. I ordered I ordered
Pascetti wait, sorry Griffin
I just I should have given you a distraction earlier
The check has just come and while Sean was to split cuz while Sean just had a salad and Andre ordered like a big
Fish dinner. Okay, Andre. Look at the size of your fish dinner unless I'm Andre. I have not seen the movie
I'm Griffin McElroy. This has been my brother my brother may kiss your dad square on the lips
It's better it's better with you
You Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
