The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
Hey, I'm your sweet baby brother in 30 Under 30 Media Luminary back in a big way, Griffin McElroy.
Hey guys, you know how last week we tried to be earnest and we really nailed it,
and we were earnest the whole time? Yeah, I said a lot of shit, and I meant all that shit.
I meant all of it. I was thinking about it, and this week, what if we keep that old train a-rollin',
and we focus on the 20 funny things in your life without your love, and this week,
we aim for another goal, and we try to be relatable. Okay, that could be good.
Let's be honest, we've gotten so big, or big shots, as they say, palling around with the glitterati,
and I'm feeling maybe we might have lost touch a little bit with, you know, your quote-unquote
every person. Yep, yep, yep, yep. So I think a big tenet of this, and it's a thing I've been meaning
to talk to you two boys about for quite some time now, is we have been awfully cavalier
about open and frank conversations about getting our buttholes sprayed by our toilets
in the form of bidet seeding, and obviously it's important. Obviously it's important.
It's an important facet of my life, Justin's life, Travis's life, keeping it clean down there,
getting the spray is... I love it, and I need it, but I don't think the rest of America
is ready to go there with us yet. So Griffin, you're saying if we wanted to make it more relatable,
instead of saying, like, I don't think I could live without my bidet, you would say something like,
I don't think I could live without, you know, every time I go to the bathroom, going outside
and spraying myself off with a hose. I think that that's better, yeah, because bidet is like a French
word, and I think a lot of people are still kind of sore about all the Iraq War stuff, and so
if we could just call it a booty super soaker or something fun like that. I couldn't live without
my booty spray. My booty spray is... but that sounds like actually something that could come
out instead of go in. I could live without that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I gotcha. So that's the big... that's sort of my big note. No more bidet chat. Maybe we have a separate
podcast for, you know, folks more on our level. That is definitely... I love that impulse, Griffin,
and I just want to kind of grab it and just kind of tweak it a little bit, give it a little
tickle on the tummy and see if I can't change that frown upside down, and maybe instead of not
talking about bidets, we could try to educate people a little bit more about how they're
actually surprisingly affordable and hygienic. And good for the environment, saves on TP.
Good for the environment, saves on TP. Now, Justin, I like this, because I was afraid we
were becoming unrelatable, but maybe it's everyone else that is on... we have become so relatable that
people no longer know how to relate to us, so we need to educate them. Because they're
daunted by how relatable we are. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, we're so relatable and
approachable, and, you know, we're basically three everymen over here, and so we need to
educate everyone else. Three everymen, you hear that, you're like, wow, that's a lot of men,
actually. Now come to think of it, that may be too many men for me to sort of talk to.
It's like an infinite men. I think also, in the spirit of the Max Fun Drive coming up pretty soon,
maybe we just... let's have a conversation at least about cutting Bugatti boys,
the segment in our show where we talk about all our Bugattis, and our new colors of Bugattis,
and the news about new Bugattis that are coming out. I have actually been edit... okay, this is
embarrassing. I hate to do this here. I have been editing out Bugatti boys for the last four years.
It's like 45 minute long segments. My Bugattis! Yeah, if you guys have been wondering why those
sponsorship dollars have not been pouring in, it is because I have been editing the 45 minute long
Bugatti segment we do every week. I can't believe I'm about to have to even ask this, but Justin,
you've left in Tiger Cub Chat, right? Where we talk about all the Tiger Cubs we've adopted?
So what I do with that is because we endeavor to make Tiger Cub Chat as long as the actual episode
itself, I have edited in underneath the episode at a really low volume. So if there's ever a long
period of silence, that's where we're all talking so much. Talking over each other, cross talking,
it's so we can cover up the chat about how we've adopted cubs and have named them after our
favorite US presidents. That's constantly underneath the audio of us sort of prattling
on about ghosts and horses and whatnot. Can y'all even just, and I'll cut this out,
but if we could get a bidet in the Bugatt. Oh shit, dude. A Bugatti day. A Bugatti day.
A bidegati. Oh man, we sound like, it's hard not to sound like Adam Sandler when you say that word.
And maybe a little special harness in there for my Tiger Cub. Yep, gotta keep him safe,
gotta keep him safe. So no, no, no. Hey, rear facing. Rear facing. Okay. Until he's at least
40 pounds. A rear facing bidet. Oh, a harness. I was trying to imagine what a rear facing bidet is
because I think that would just sort of hit my front stuff. Then he's rear facing until he's
three and turning around. And I like to think of that as roar facing because he's directing
the roars directly at you. So from rear facing to roar facing. Justin, at what point can I use
my Tiger Cub as a living hood ornament on my Bugatti? Oh, dipping your Tiger Cub in copper
and freezing it for time immemorial? No, no, no, no, no. Let me be clear. He's fully animate.
Right, inside of the copper, yeah, but you do need to keep him, eventually he's going to turn
into a tiger and that's going to be- Well, then I just flush him down the toilet after using the
bidet. Guys, this is exactly the kind of shit we shouldn't talk about on the show anymore.
Also, because we're burning up all our material. I don't know what we're going to talk about during
the segments that we will continue to record despite the revelation that they are not included
in the show. Yeah, sure. Why don't we do the regular show here, Bugatti boys? Yeah, we got to
say, I've got the whole afternoon cleared out for all the different shows that we have to record.
Excellent. Our first question is this. At my college, we have a buffet style cafeteria.
I grabbed a plate of the chef's meal of the day, sat it down on an open table with my backpack,
and then went to go get a drink. I came back with my drink and enjoyed my meal before wondering
where my backpack was. And then I looked down two tables to see my backpack and my original plate
of food. I had sat down at the wrong table and had eaten someone else's identical meal without
realizing it. I quickly left afterwards out of fear and shame, correct? Brothers, in what way could I
atone for this sin to the unknown individual whom I accidentally dine and dashed on? That's from
Momo in Virginia. Momo. Momo. Momo. Their instincts were correct. Yes. Fear and shame,
that's perfect. That's a good blend to start with. That's great for me.
Can I tell you the part of this question that haunts me? So Momo had time to eat the entire meal,
which means that whoever the original owner of said meal was approached,
saw them eating the food and said, well, what are you going to do? And left.
Well, maybe. I mean, that's a possibility, Travis. I'm really challenged by the exfiltration from
the situation because option one is realize the mistake, stand up, walk away, and there's a sort
of zone of, I like to think of it in social situations as a zone of culpability. Like if
you can make it, if you can make it 10 feet away from a thing, you can sort of like blend into the
crowd and maybe even start announcing like, who did this? Who did this thing? Who could have done
this? Sure. But I think that the other option, so that's option one. Option two is you realize
your mistake and then take it to the trash. And then you are running into the possibility of this
person seeing you take their food. Didn't see you eat it, but did see you pick up their plate,
take it to the garbage and empty it out, which is also very bad.
I was trying to work out where the other person was in this scenario. And I think I've got it
cracked. This person walked back to what they thought was their seat and saw a different person
that wasn't them sitting in it and eating their food. And so their, their mind immediately told
them, Oh, I thought I was sitting there, but that's not my food. So it's not. And then they
kept walking and they saw the identical plate of food, but they saw a backpack by it. And so they
said, Hmm, that is also not my food. I should probably just leave or go get home. Now we've,
this is where we encounter the question mark that haunts me. Maybe they're still wondering
the cafeteria to this day. I probably got something else to eat. Well, hopefully,
what can you do to make it up? I mean, you got to find them first if you're going to make it up
for them, because otherwise you could just kind of start buying plates of food and leaving them
around like you're some sort of, you know, pelt hunter or something that you're trying to catch
a hungry student. Um, you gotta find them. I don't know what you do for that. Is this a
missed connection? That's what I was going to say. Yes. This seems like maybe, maybe you could even
go even more grassroots and just post flyers. Like, did you get a meal and somebody snarfed it?
I was the snarfer. I owe you one. It's me. Hey everyone. It's me. The snarf. Thanks for
coming to my Facebook page. I am looking for a person who likes spaghetti,
but not in a strong enough way to say something when encountering someone else eating it.
Moma, what did you do? What did you do with your original plate of food?
Good question.
Cause now you just have a big plate of cold spaghetti and you got to decide like,
am I going to have to eat? Okay. There's three options. One, people see you empty it into the
trash. Wasteful Ricky. Not good. Especially since it does look like you ate your food and then
walked over and took someone else's food. I'm full. Everyone should be full. I'm throwing this in the
trash kids. I'm done. Get back in the car. That's possibility. One possibility to slide it into your
back pack and you have to get a new backpack, but at least you've tamped down the shame. Three is
you eat a second plate of delicious chef's spaghetti. And that's fine. I guess it's a lot
of carb. Maybe you do a half marathon or something.
During college though, you can do it.
Yeah, that's a good point.
When I was in college, I had one meal at the cafeteria that was included in my plan a day
and it was all you can eat, as you said, buffet style. So I would just go in and hurt myself with
food, but I was like 20. So I barely even felt it. You know what I mean? And then I'd go home and
sleep for 14 hours or whatever because I could.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
I'd love that.
Yes, please.
Here's one that was sent in by Brian. Thanks, Brian.
It's from Yahoo Answers user muhahaha. Who asks?
Oh, not a great start.
How to still look perfect in a farm. So me, my family and cousins are going to my grandmother's,
my grandfather's farm for vacation for like two to three days and I need to look perfect. Thank you.
Oh, wow. What an open-ended, like perfect, like, are you, are you gramming it? Is that it?
Or is this just like, if someone saw you, they'd be like, they totally belong here.
Travis, don't be fucking obtuse, dude.
They need to look perfect on, while in their grandfather's farm for two to three days.
Now, so this can be tough. What I would do personally, and listen, I'm speaking relatably
here. I would hide toiletry kits throughout the farm that include maybe some concealer,
new deodorant, maybe even like a new shirt so that I can constantly look fresh no matter what
work I've been doing. And, you know, and then what's great about that is if you don't use them,
maybe the animals will and you have some, yeah, some fresh looking cows out there or whatever.
They'll love your cream. That's for sure. They're going to get all over that.
Yeah.
But let's talk about clothes.
Uh-huh.
Perfect in this. Sorry, go ahead.
Dungarees. Now you go ahead.
Dunkaroos.
I've decided in the grand tradition of evolution of the show that I'm going to start outsourcing
some of these to Korra, which is like the smart, it's like the actual good alternative.
It's a positive universe, Yahoo Answers.
And so there's a question here, what do they call the outfits that farmers wear?
And I thought that that would be perfect, right? Because you're getting kind of a,
you want to get the look right, right? Because if perfect in this scenario is to be like the
perfect farming look, is that fair? Can we grant this conceit?
Okay.
I mean, I got, yeah.
So Janice here says has worked with farmers for decades and she answers clothes.
Oh, all right.
I'm sure some farmers wear coveralls or overalls, which is what TV shows and movies
would have us all think farmers wear. But most of the farmers I know just wear clothes.
So like a suit?
Depending on the work. I know farmers who wear long sleeve plaid shirts
and others who wear sports wicking shirts. Some wear jeans while others wear shorts.
This is getting a little Dr. Seuss for my taste.
Now here's the part where this kind of like gets kind of fucking weird.
Janice then writes, here is a dairy farmer friend working on his farm two different days.
One day he looked like a stereotypical farmer in overalls.
And there's a picture of fucking, I don't know how to say this,
other than creep shot of an old man walking in white overalls towards some cows or something.
White overalls?
White overalls?
White.
Is that for milk work?
It's Star Trek rules. You have to dress for the color of your job.
So the first one is just this fucking creep shot of this man walking towards cows.
And then it says the next time I caught him in the barn unloading feed,
he just looked like everyone else. And then there's a picture of a man wearing khakis
and staring at a huge fucking pile of cow food.
And both, by the way, are from behind.
Absolute creep shot.
I sent the link to you guys.
Are you seeing this business?
Yeah, I'm seeing it. It's not great.
It's not great, Janice.
I think probably, this would be like if Sesame Street is like kids today,
I'm going to take you to show how farmers work and every shot is them
fucking hiding in the bushes like, shh, don't be too loud.
They'll know we're here.
Just watch them stare at feed and walk towards cows.
But like, my man in the big food picture is wearing a short sleeve button up, looks like.
And it's so big and baggy.
That's not perfect.
It's not perfect.
That doesn't look perfect.
Sportswear I'm excited by. You mentioned sportswear.
I think sportswear is going to get a lot of the sweat and a lot of the stink out of there.
But what's the-
He is also in a more fashion forward choice.
He's rolled his white coveralls up at the bottom up to above the calf,
which I'm assuming is for various cow liquids that he'll have to sift through throughout the day.
It's very on trend.
It's kind of like a Capri overall.
It does kind of hurt the coveralls because you could just cut them off,
I guess, into sort of a coverall jorts situation.
Well, let's talk about the functional sort of purpose of coveralls.
Because I'll tell you what else covers all.
The jeans and long sleeve shirt I'm currently wearing right now on my body.
I'm fully covered with that.
I don't know why my pants also need to be a vest.
So let's just get that-
Am I afraid of things getting in my pants?
If so, I wouldn't have my calves exposed like this,
so that all the dangerous cow worms, bacteria, whatever get up on them.
This is not perfect.
This is sub-ideal.
It does reduce-
I think it's just so your pants don't fall down, right?
Isn't that for this sort of look,
is just so your pants are sort of like permanently affixed above your shoulders?
Yeah.
So there's another picture on this page of a man wearing coveralls
and he does have a chicken sort of perched on his shoulder.
And I do think that that I hadn't really considered the organic component of your-
Oh yeah.
Like the accessories.
But like if you want to look perfect in a farm,
you gotta have a hen just on you.
Like you just have a hen on you so that you look like you belong there.
That is important.
We gotta combat the sweat.
We gotta combat looking drab and boring.
And you also need to have some sort of living barn element.
I would say what you want is you want a hen on the shoulder
and a collie at your heel, right?
So that way you've got the-
I'm having fun with like the working animals up here,
but I'm working with the fun animals down here.
The animals at the ground are friends.
Yes.
The animals on your shoulder,
if you have a chicken on your shoulder, sort of a far miller, if you will,
that is a more symbolic choice.
I think it's meant to tell something about the person that it's affixed to.
Travis, I gotta say that a hen on my shoulder and collie at my heel
sounds like such a sexist to folksy idiom that is so veiled
you can't really even understand where it is that they're going with it.
Like it's so deeply, so deeply rural.
It feels like if Christians made a line of big Johnson shirts for farmers,
that is the vibe it would be.
Just sort of like we can't have anything racy,
but it just needs to be sort of like right underneath the surface.
Yeah.
Like it would say in big letters, a hen on my shoulder,
collie at my heel, and then like the farmer winking.
Right.
That's good.
There would be a smaller URL at the bottom that you would go to
that would maybe break down what the metaphor was of it.
If you want to find out, you can go here.
He's wearing a t-shirt with a QR code on it.
To have the joke explained to you, scan that.
That's great, and of course, I can't believe we've gone this long without saying it.
And I don't even think you should be allowed on the farm without it.
A long stock of wheat that you're just kind of got hanging out of your mouth.
Yeah, just to test it to make sure it's ready to go to market.
Yeah, I like that.
I haven't seen a farmer do that in real life.
I've only sort of seen like, you know, the mascots for farming-based phone games
always got a long stock of wheat sticking out of their mouth,
and it tastes good, maybe.
I don't know.
Bread tastes good.
That's how to pace your carbs right there.
You can't eat a whole loaf of bread.
Just eat one delicious stock at a time.
Just vape a stock, dude.
Oh, hello.
Didn't see it come in there.
I was just about to give a quiz to my brothers,
but I thought maybe you could play along at home.
You're kidding me.
Do you remember how this bit went last time?
Now, these are all animal questions, fellows.
Oh, fun.
I love that segue.
Oh, thank you.
Now, boys, here's my question for you,
and I invite our listeners to, of course, play along at home.
In proportion to body size, which animal has the largest penis?
Okay, so Juice, maybe it's like last time he did this,
we were like, maybe by the third question,
there'll be like some big payoff for like a funny joke.
Maybe he's playing chess and it's like the third time he does this bit.
So you're saying we power through this one.
This one's going to suck shit.
Everybody at home, listen, this is Griffin,
and I'm going to be real with you.
The next few minutes of the show are going to suck shit,
but the next time Travis does this bit,
the payoff is going to be so decadent and so rich and juicy.
The anticipation, like you guys are going to be so hard
for the third time that Travis does this bit.
But to answer- Hippo. Yeah, a hippopotamus.
A hippopotamus, you say?
No, actually, reaching up to 10 times the length of their body,
the barnacle has the largest penis in proportion-
The barnacle's not really an animal.
It's a rock that gets stuck to ships and it's annoying.
It's a needy rock. It's a needy rock.
Okay. Now, according to the book, does it fart?
What is the only mammal that doesn't fart?
It is worse than I thought it was going to be,
but I will say-
Duckbill platypus.
I'll do hippo again.
Hippo again. No, it is the sloth.
And if things are working normally,
the methane produced by their gut bacteria
is absorbed into their bloodstream
and eventually breathed out.
Cool.
I would like to change my answer to my wife.
Oh, yeah, man.
Oh, okay.
I would like to change Justin's answer to my wife.
Now, if faced with particularly dry air,
the desert snail can hibernate for up to how long?
And this will be the last question for this round.
There's one more.
A year?
There are so many different amounts of time.
There's a lot, yeah.
I can think of like five different amounts of time
just off the top of my head.
I'm going to say they could hibernate for two years.
For three years.
Damn, if we had had one more brother,
he would have fucking gotten it right on the nose, huh?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Now, final question.
According to scientists, other than human beings,
what is in, you can name any one of the four,
what are the four other species that go through menopause?
Dogs, cats, owls.
It would be short-finned pilot whales, beluga whales,
narwhals, and killer whales.
Unbelievable.
And humans.
Unbelievable.
What a weird list to be a part of, huh?
That is a strange list to be a part of.
And that was Play It Long at Home.
I hope you all had fun and maybe learned a little something.
Can you at least tell me if it's going somewhere?
And maybe next time we'll answer some questions about,
I don't know, your favorite stories.
Why do you do that, Trout?
Why do I do what, Griffin?
Create little fun ways for people-
It's not even that this segment is like bad.
It's that it's like nothing.
Well, I want people to just have a little moment
for them to feel like they're part of the show.
You know, because-
Okay, you-
I want them to be able to play along at home.
You seem to have a fundamental misunderstanding
of like the relationship of observer and like creator.
Well, you know, it's like how Mr. Rogers would often
like just direct address the audience
instead of talking to the other people.
And like, we're always talking to each other.
And I'm saying, where's the part
where we talk to people at home?
But they're not talking to us.
Okay, Travis, what are they saying right now?
They're saying that was a great quiz.
And I learned a little something that was fun for me.
And while I was playing the quiz, I drew a little picture.
So-
You shouldn't have to come up with ways
to entertain yourself during your podcast.
It's not a great look, Travis.
You know, I entertain them
and inspire them to draw a little picture.
Okay, moving on.
It's not because they were bored.
It's because they were inspired.
They had a, they really enjoyed it
and they learned something at home.
What if episode-
Because they played along.
What if episode 500 was just an extended clip of play along at home?
And it was our most interactive episode yet.
It'll be our, whatever it was called, Bandersnatch.
What was the name of the fucking Black Mirror episode?
They'll be our interactive experience.
I think it was Snoochie Boochie.
I think it was Bandicoot.
I have been invited to a nudist party.
It is a totally non-sexual thing.
The clothes don't come off until after we eat.
And I don't know what I should wear.
Should I go over the top or tone it down?
Good question.
That's for mooning in the Midwest.
Okay.
I will grant, and it is fucking every,
it takes everything in me to grant your premise
that this nudist party is a totally non-sexual thing.
It probably is for most.
Right.
Right.
But I'll grant your premise.
They can't do-
Just so we can move on.
They can't take a drop of blood from everybody as they enter
and stick a hot wire into it to see who is the thing.
And by the thing, I mean the secret horny.
Because there's probably one and there's no way of knowing.
I think what we can assume from the non-sexual thing
is that this is not an eyes wide shut sex party.
No, no, yeah, yeah.
People will simply casually be nude.
There's no stigma here.
People want to have a nude party that's not, you know,
that's non-sexual.
It's all about being free, being loose.
I'm into that.
For me, I think my hang up is that the clothes don't come off
until after we eat.
So let's talk about-
That's the last time I want to do that.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Because I was just-
Huh.
It can be a hot dripping meat situation,
so maybe they don't want to get singes or stains.
A lot of utensils around, I find that intimidating.
Yeah, man.
But I don't-
Although I do like the thing that if a little sauce
should manage to dribble its way off of my chin
and onto my shirt, I can just be like,
oh, the fuck do I care?
Yeah, right?
This thing's coming off.
I might as well throw this in the trash.
What do I care if it's in the trash?
I think it's less about the proximity to eating time
and more that there is a prescribed naked changeover.
Do you know what I mean?
Yes.
There's like this party evolves.
They like jump it up at 7.35 as soon as they're done eating.
I feel like in this scenario,
I would be the guy to lose his nerve and just be like,
I could actually go for another dessert.
Hey, should we order pizza too?
Let's get some za in here.
I'm fucking ravenous still.
You see Randy over there.
He's snarfin' it the fuck down.
Yeah, that's the secret.
That's the horny right there.
So here's the thing.
I get nervous doing something I've never done
and not because I haven't done it before,
but because I don't know the processes.
I can't even imagine the levels that would spike for me
and something like this.
Because for example, I was just sitting here thinking,
when the time comes, do you all get naked in the same room?
Yes, exactly.
Do you go separate places and come back nude?
Okay, if you go to separate places and come back nude,
are you legally prohibited from saying ta-da
when you walk into the room?
Is this a concern?
Do you wanna be the first person there or the last?
Do you wanna find the best seats
or do you wanna come in last and make a show of it?
Here's the one thing I can say concretely.
If you're going to have a successful
non-sexual nudist party,
when everyone walks in, they must be handed a card
and the card has a place for a signature at the bottom
and it says, I, and you write your name in,
do solemnly swear that when it gets to the part
where we all have to bend over and put our clothes back on,
I will not look at anybody's assholes.
Because I think that that would be the,
even if it was like the chillest time,
everybody's like loving it, enjoying it,
there does have to be a point
where everybody picks their clothes up off of the ground
and you will have to bend over.
And that would be the moment where I'd be like,
well, here's my asshole.
I really hope no one, I'm glad we all signed cards
that said no one could look at it.
I have to amend the language, Justin.
It's gotta be, I will try my darndest
not to look at anyone's asshole.
Because I think that there's going to be like
just a second of, oh no, I looked, I'm so sorry,
I broke the code.
And there's gonna be a lot of people
who as soon as you make them sign a promise
that they won't look at anybody's assholes,
they may not have even been planning on scoping no holes,
but as soon as they say they can't, yes.
So let's get back to the actual question though,
because this is a good question.
Do you come in in like a loose fitted,
like almost like a painter's, you know, like bodysuit
that's like one zipper and you're out?
Or is this like, I need many pieces
and I'm going to slowly throughout the course of the meal
remove my gloves and then my jacket
and then the vest and then the ascot.
It's not a burlesque show.
I certainly don't think that's a burlesque show.
But do you want to seem overeager?
I'm worried that the one zipper bodysuit
is like zip zip and it's like,
whoa, look who's already naked.
I feel like the norm at parties like this
is that there is like a zone of nudity
or a zone of doing it if that's the thing, right?
But the idea of it just being a general nude house party,
those have to happen too.
And you can't drive up to the house
and be nude.
You can't get out of your car nude
on the sidewalks that the taxpayers pay for, I don't think.
My guts tells me that what you want
is to cloak whatever it is you're working with.
Like you, I feel like you have to have
the element of surprise somewhat.
Good, bad, indifferent, everybody's beautiful.
I think you do have to have a little bit of like surprise.
This is what I was working with the entire time.
Did you even guess?
Because I bet you didn't.
So are you suggesting like one of those bikini t-shirts
that has a body painted on the front of it?
Is that what you're suggesting?
Yeah, I guess I'm suggesting that
or something loose fitting might be a less sort of wild
assumption to take from what I just said.
Might I recommend maybe along those lines,
cloaking what you're working with,
a late 90s starter jacket with maybe a football team.
Like very puffy, very oversized.
And you look at it and you're like,
oh, I had no idea Doug loved the Steelers so much.
Oh, what's that?
Doug's got a six pack.
Or.
Okay, what about this?
Or he takes it off underneath,
he's got a San Diego Chargers tattoo.
What?
Excuse me?
That must be embarrassing
because they're not even in San Diego anymore.
Yeah, he got it so long ago.
You could also dress it really tight
and then have it sort of unspool as you unzip.
I don't know if that's physically possible
and it would be mighty uncomfortable.
But you know, it's all about the reveal, the prestige.
What about a bunch of balloons?
I don't know, Trav.
You wear a bunch of balloons?
Inside your shirt.
Okay.
So they don't know.
Hey, his body looks like the grapes
from the Fruit of the Loom commercial.
No, no, no.
You take it off, balloons fly up to the ceiling
and there's your nude body.
Cool.
It's good.
Man, I bet this must be a thing of like
after when everyone puts their clothes on
and then you just have a long talk about
who had the best prestige.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, so.
Well, anyway, that probably answers your question.
We would love to talk more about the subject
that we're imminently qualified to address.
But for the moment, we must adjourn to the Money Zone.
Griffin?
Yeah?
I've been trying to recruit for a while.
I just yelled.
I'm sorry.
I yelled.
I don't know why.
That's okay.
No, it was dramatic.
I liked it.
I've been trying to recruit for a while.
Okay.
And I don't know how to do it.
I'm trying to build, let's say, a defense force.
Like highly skilled agents that I can send on missions.
Right.
To say right what was wrong.
Yeah, I don't know that Zip Recruiter,
I mean, they post lots of job sites, right?
So they may be able to help you put together
a sort of A-Team situation,
if that's what you're suggesting.
I wasn't even thinking A-Team at the time,
but now, yeah, something like that.
I mean, a codable co-founder, Gretchen Huebner,
needed a game artist for her education tech company,
and she went to ziprecruiter.com, posted her job,
and found the right person in less than two weeks
using their powerful matching technology.
So I don't see why you couldn't find a few,
you know, ragtag soldiers of fortune.
Yeah.
Do you think that when Gretchen Huebner hired that person,
Gretchen was like, I need you to do some design stuff,
and also maybe steal some plans for a missile.
Maybe, but there's only one way to find out,
and four out of five employers who post on Zip Recruiter
get a quality candidate within the first day.
I know that seems like a non sequitur,
but I did need to say it.
It's the smartest way to hire Zip Recruiter is,
and right now Zip Recruiter,
you can try it for free at our web address,
ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
That's ziprecruiter.com slash M-Y-B-R-O-T-H-E-R.
Now Justin, if I was looking for a way to advertise
my team of soldiers of fortune,
who are going around righting wrongs
and stopping bad people.
Travis's extrajudicial sort of action team.
Yes.
Yeah, but because like for a while now,
I've just been writing it out on note cards
and taping it up on like a telephone poles in my area,
but I feel like maybe that's not the best way
to advertise my goods and services
or to promote my physical or online business
or sell products and services of all kind.
Are we calling your extrajudicial action team
a service or a product?
Well, you know, it starts as a service,
but then we can brand and maybe do a little merch.
Oh, that's fun.
Yeah, I love that.
The best place to do all that is gonna be Squarespace.
You can do all the things you wanna do
with beautiful customizable templates
created by world-class designers.
Everything's optimized for mobile right out of the box.
That's another way of saying phones.
A lot of people have asked.
Analytics, they help you grow in real time
and nothing to patch or upgrade ever.
You just let Squarespace handle all of it.
Right now, you can go to squarespace.com slash my brother
for a free trial.
And when you're ready to launch,
use the offer code my brother to save 10%
off your first purchase of a website or domain.
One more time, because there's two different things.
Squarespace.com slash my brother for the free trial.
When you're ready to launch, use the offer code my brother
to save 10% off your first purchase of a website
or a domain.
Squarespace, keep it secret, keep it safe.
Hey everyone, Alden Ford here
with the cast of Mission to Zix.
Hello.
Our fourth season premieres on February 19th.
And for those of you who aren't familiar with the show,
we decided to ask one of our characters
to give you a quick recap of what's happened so far.
Say hello to the clone trooper, AJ.
Who are you people, what's happening?
Okay, AJ, put your gun down.
AJ, can you just tell us what's happened
in the Zix quadrant in the last couple seasons?
Oh, well, we destroyed the emperor.
Oh, really?
Okay, great.
Yeah, I mean, I think, I think so.
We knocked him into a chasm.
Mr. Robot Man and Bart's ship crashed through a window
and Dar and Baby Horsehead and I took out
like a bunch of bad guys.
Papa filled his destiny and the lizard was there too.
Okay, great.
I guess I was sort of asking what the show is like.
Oh, you mean like it's an improvised serialized
workplace space opera featuring brilliant sound design,
incredible guest stars,
and an epic hilarious tale of fresh versus whack?
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
Where did you come up with that?
Jesse Thorne told me to write that on my palm.
Okay, all right.
Well, Mission to Zix season four debuts
on February 19th on Maximum Fun.
Check it out.
Celebrity wine, why not?
Celebrity wine, why not?
Celebrity wine, why not?
They've got a passion for grapes.
They think beer is for apes.
Celebrity wine, why not?
Good.
So this is Celebrity Wine, Why Not?
It is a sort of a trivia game show
and it's just about celebrities and their passion for wine.
Rather than put you all through incredible challenges
that ask you to pass, ask you to match celebrities
with their wine flavors or vintages,
things that you would have no way of knowing,
I have constructed a five-question quiz
about celebrity wines that I'm going to-
Should people play along at home?
No, I think actually to differentiate-
I would ask if they not.
Yeah, please fucking don't play along at home.
Please don't.
Yeah, because that's mine.
That's Travis's thing.
Here's our first question.
Knocking Point Wines is co-owned with Walla Walla natives
Kevin Zenter and Andrew Harding and this actor.
Multiple choice, Paul Giamatti, Stephen Amell,
Linda Fiorentino.
I feel like Giamatti is so on the nose.
It's a trap.
Yeah, it's a Giamatti trap.
It's a Giamatti snare.
Who was the second one?
Stephen Amell.
Is that Arrow?
Paul Giamatti and Linda Fiorentino.
Those are our three choices.
I'm going with Linda.
I'm going to go with Arrow.
Well, Griffin, you're very smart,
seeing as Knocking Point is the place
where you knock your arrow.
It is, in fact, Stephen Amell.
So he named it that because it's like a cool thing
that his super-
Because it's like an arrow thing.
His badass superhero thing.
Because it's like an arrow thing.
It's kind of like his thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's like-
Congratulations.
So far the score right now is Griffin won, Travis.
Have you guys ever had Val Kilmer's kick-ass bat wine?
It's super good, and the Joker hates it.
Little Jonathan Winery is a collaboration
between this entertainer and Central Coast winemaker,
Allison Crowe.
They make a Merlot and a Cabernet Sauvignon.
Who runs it?
Give it to me one more time.
Little Jonathan Winery is a collaboration
between this entertainer and Central Coast winemaker,
Allison Crowe.
They make a Merlot and a Cabernet Sauvignon.
Who is the entertainer?
Is it Lil Jon?
It is, in fact, Lil Jon.
Congratulations, Griffin McElroy.
Lil Jon makes a wine called Lil Jon.
Fucking good.
It's actually the funniest thing he could possibly be doing.
Congratulations to you, Lil Jon.
Question three.
There are five.
Right now the score is two to zero.
Okay.
You could say that Chateau Miravelle wine was owned
by Mr. and Mrs. Wine, until time, circumstance,
and dare I say it, fate intervened to make that sub-joke
meaningless at best, and unfeelingly cruel at worse.
Who among us can say why a relationship between two
beautiful, talented, and seemingly generous people
would fall apart?
Perhaps the lesson is that no matter your inner or outer
beauty, relationships are a fickle thing, and not for us
on the outside to take the measure of.
No matter how many people you have,
no matter how many times a couple has been caught
in the twinkle of the paparazzo's lenses,
this year Chateau Miravelle will release a rosé champagne.
That would be Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt.
Congratulations, Travis.
Thank you.
Your score rockets to one.
That thing that you just said though,
is that like printed on the bottle?
Because that was a bunch of wild shit.
No, this is the question I wrote to try to cover up the fact
that it was kind of an easy one.
Okay.
Well, don't say that.
It's the first one I got.
You can't be like, Travis got a real gimme.
Hampton Water Wine, a rosé blend, is a collaboration
between Jessie Bongiovanni and this entertainer.
Hampton Water Wine, a rosé blend, is a collaboration
between Jessie Bongiovi and this entertainer.
I'll repeat it one more time.
Hampton Water Wine, a rosé blend, is a collaboration
between Jessie Bongiovi and this entertainer.
Is it Jon Bon Jovi, Justin?
It is Jon Bon Jovi.
Your score's rocking, Travis.
You have blasted off to tie it with Griffin against all odds.
Okay, in my defense, as soon as I started laughing, I got it.
I just couldn't form words.
Oh, fuck.
Venatore is a single vintage Chardonnay based sparkling wine.
Who created it?
Now for this one, there are two hints, okay?
Okay, you can use a hint if you wish.
Yeah, I mean, yeah.
Venatore comes from the Latin for hunter.
There's a second hint that you can use.
Is the second hint gonna just completely blow wide open?
I don't actually think so.
All right, give it to me.
But it will be funny for the comedy podcast.
This actor said about his wine,
I'm so proud of this awesome juice I was able to be a part of.
Okay.
Now I will give you a third clue, and this one might break it open.
If Travis misses this one, he will be kicking himself.
Huh, Venatore, a single vintage Chardonnay based sparkling wine.
Venatore comes from the Latin for hunter.
He said about this wine, I'm so proud of this awesome juice
I was able to be a part of.
Ryder Strong.
No, Travis, it's Jared Pilecki.
Damn it!
Of supernatural fame.
That is the sound of you kicking yourself.
I am kicking the shit out of myself.
And he is so proud of this awesome juice he was able to be a part of.
Sorry, Travis.
Pilecki, by the way.
Okay, you've given half a point for the correction.
Travis wins.
Yay!
Celebrity wine, why not?
Congratulations, Travis McElroy.
From nowhere, from nothing, you have risen to take the celebrity wine, why not crown.
That was close.
Celebrity wine, why not?
Celebrity wine, why not?
They've got a passion for grapes.
They think beer is for apes.
Celebrity wine, why not?
That's powerful juice.
That was a powerful fucking segment.
Yeah, thank you.
Thank you.
I was really, I was really proud of it.
Hey, I got a Yahoo here.
It was sent in by a bunch of folks.
It's from an anonymous Yahoo Answers user who I'm gonna call Joe Asks.
And we know the answer to this one.
Oh, good.
I like a nice slam dunk.
Yeah, but I think it's worth talking about.
Okay.
If you stink at golf, can you just throw the ball?
Yeah.
Is that against the rules?
Yeah, if you do this at the PGA Masters, the big show, the big beautiful game,
they are going to, you will get, you will be penalized.
Yes.
And I think they do that by, you know, adding strokes to your current score,
or now you don't get to, now you're catty, you don't get a catty anymore,
so you gotta carry the things yourself.
Yeah.
I think it's pretty ridiculous.
I think it's pretty ridiculous and frankly kind of embarrassing to think that
if you're not good at the game, if you're not good at like hitting the ball with clubs,
that you can just pick it up and throw it, right?
Yeah.
Well.
But, but, but what if you could do that?
Well, here's what they don't tell you.
And I learned, I took individual dual sports in high school where they
taught us about golf, and this is a little known, I'll tell you, a little known rule in golf.
You can do it, but once you do it, everyone else gets to do it too.
You break the, it's called breaking the seal.
Correct.
Once you break the seal, everybody, so you gotta watch out for if your opponent can throw things
super far.
Exactly.
Right.
If you think you are the strongest throwing golf person,
and you are the strongest throwing golf person, do it.
Right.
But if you like, I saw, you know, Jenny the other day throw an egg really far,
that probably translates to this.
And it's not just about how far you can eat this golf ball, it's also about the precision game,
right?
It's about your approach and it's about, you know, you go up against somebody who is on the Bozo's
grand prize game.
Mm-hmm. They're gonna be draining buckets left and fucking right.
Um, and maybe you want that, maybe you don't, but I do think that if you stink at golf,
you can just, you should just be able to throw the ball.
You can also kick it.
That I don't like.
You don't like the kicking rule?
No, I don't like that.
Golf ball's not good to kick because it's little, and so it's like easy to miss it,
and it's hard so it can hurt the foot.
But picking it up and throwing it, like, that's got a good hand feel to me.
Like, a golf ball leaving my hand with tremendous force, I like that.
You know what I like?
It's rare to see this, but when, like, a powerful golfer gets up, hits the ball real good with the
club, and it goes a real long way, and then a real pipsqueak gets up there and everyone's like,
well, they don't got it, and they kind of lightly tap the ball, and the ball starts rolling and
everyone's laughing because of how lightly they tapped it.
But then, through a series of, like, it bouncing off stuff and little hills.
Just an organic Rube Goldberg machine.
Right, a bird picks it up thinking it's an egg and realizes it's not an egg.
They get a hole in one, and I like when that happens.
That's basically the Legend of Bagger Vance.
Yeah, yep, yep, yep.
It happens in Bagger Vance, happens in Greatest Game Ever Played, Happy Gilmore,
happens in all the best ones, Caddyshack.
The Shia LaBeouf one.
That's the Greatest Game Ever Played, thank you very much.
Sorry.
I own that on DVD.
What about the- oh, yikes.
What about the thing they do where they use the stick?
Uh-huh.
What is that?
A club.
A club, thank you.
When they use it like a pool cue, I think it's like in Tin Cup or Happy Gilmore, one of those,
like, is that okay?
Is that permitted?
Oh, yeah.
In Tin Cup, he does one drive with a baseball bat.
Yeah.
Certainly, that's not okay, right?
That should be able to use that.
There are no rules in golf.
Oh, wow.
There's probably a few.
I think if you can get up to it, you should be able to throw your opponent's ball backwards.
That is true.
But then it's a sneaking game.
Did you know that if your opponent gets between you and the hole,
you're allowed to drive your ball through their chest?
You can do that.
You can plow right through them.
No, let's stop joking around.
And no court in the world can convict you.
It's international waters.
But no joke, you should be able to pick the ball up and throw it, I feel like.
Especially if you get in the sand.
Like, you know how when you're watching, like, the Masters and they get in the sand,
and then they spend, like, 30 minutes in there, just, like, hitting sand over and over again.
And it's annoying to fucking watch that.
I want to see somebody hit it on the green part, thank you very much.
If my ball gets stuck behind a tree, can I chop the tree down?
Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, absolutely, but you have to use the tree as your club from that point on.
Now, what if I hit the ball and it lands in someone's sandwich?
Do I need to hit the sandwich?
No, they'll eat around it and then you have your ball good to go.
What if they're a slow eater?
What if it goes in Shrek's swamp and it's like, I don't want to bother that dude.
Like, he's mean.
You could just ask Dunkey to get it back for you.
What if it lands on a big, mean guy's foot?
Like, it did happen in Happy Gilmore.
Yeah, what if it lands on a dog turd?
What if it lands on Poopy?
Like, it happened in the movie and you splatter it and it gets on Bob Barker,
and I'm over here busting my fucking guts up.
Do you guys think we get enough credit for our sports humor?
Because I feel like, I'm sitting here thinking about it,
like, I don't feel like we get enough credit for how good we are with turns of phrase
and different puns just from our wealth of sports knowledge.
Especially considering Griffin sent us this question about three weeks ago
and we've been researching and researching.
It worked in the room, I don't know, man.
Here's another question I have from our listeners.
How can I go big and go home this year?
I don't know that this will work for the program.
I am now of an age, I am 36 years old, I have two children, I still want to party,
but I do want to be done by like 8.30, 8.45.
So this question from boss is, because I don't have a clean read on it,
how can I go big and go home this year?
So both go big and go home.
I mean, I guess we should just say leave early and then sit in silence for seven minutes.
But that's not big, that's just going home.
Where's the big part?
I want to make a big splash and then leave.
Make 2020 the year we stop using doors.
Ooh, okay.
Tell me more about this.
When God opens a window, Boz scuttles through it,
in and out like the cool friend on Clarissa.
Sam.
Only, no, Sam, thank you.
Only windows, no doors.
That is so big.
And then if you do that, if I'm like at a party
and I see somebody open a window and climb through it
and then just fucking bolt, like run away as fast as you possibly can.
Let me think about the other things I'm going to be talking about
at that party for the rest of the night.
Oh, that's right, it's nothing.
Yes, it's nothing.
You're the hit of the party.
And if you can make it out the door to go home,
or make it out the window to go home, no one will see you leave.
They'll assume you were there, they're like,
but I was by the door all night and never saw Boz leave.
You could be in conversation for three minutes at a party,
and then if you at some point turn, run,
and just fucking tiger leap out an open window
to the safe ground below.
It has to be ground level.
This isn't jackass, folks.
You could set up a crash pad.
Yep.
Another good way of doing this is
if it's a place that just has one restroom,
you do the Ace Ventura thing, but before you use it,
where you say like, do not go in there when I'm done with it.
And then you go in and shut the door, and you do lock it,
and then you do climb out the window and go home.
And then people will be like, yeah, that's Boz.
They just like went to the bathroom at this party one time.
They were in there for three and a half hours.
We never saw them again.
We never saw them again.
Here's a different one you could do.
I just want to take that and kind of tickle its belly a little bit.
Make it smile. Make it smile.
Here's the thing.
You walk into a room and say,
woo, do not go in there like Ace Ventura,
but the room you have just walked out of is nowhere near the bathroom.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So that is one that you could do that people would not see coming.
Justin, can I take that and just tweak it just a little bit?
Turn up the knob just a little bit.
Yeah, yeah. Crank it.
Do that same thing, but-
Hit the nos, baby!
Do that and progressively move from room to room
until you've herded everyone out onto the porch.
And then you leave and maybe put like a big tent up over the house
and say you're fumigating.
This is why this is condemned.
In the 90s, there was a period where every condemned home
had a police officer stationed outside just repeatedly saying,
do not go in there.
Woo.
Woo.
It got a little mechanical eventually.
But hey, that's all the time we have for our podcast.
We hope you enjoyed yourself
and we certainly appreciate you listening to it.
If you are in the Cincinnati area, you should come and see us.
There's still a few tickets left available.
I think if you go to bit.ly forward slash 20 funny,
you can get tickets to see us February 19th at the Taft Theater with Sawbones
or February 20th, we're doing the Adventure Zone at the same venue.
That link again is bit.ly forward slash 20 funny.
Also, so as we mentioned earlier, our 500th episode is coming up
and we wanna hear from people whose questions we have answered
to get updates on how that all turned out.
So if you had a question answered on the show,
not just send in a question,
but actually we like answered it on the show,
email us at mbmbam at maximumfund.org
and put in the subject line 500 app update
and let us know how it turned out.
If you followed our advice or if you didn't, anything like that.
Let us know.
Thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
You can just go get that wherever music is sold.
And thank you to maximumfund.org for having us on the network.
Go to maximumfund.org, check out all the great shows.
And while you're there, get ready, get pumped, get psyched
for the Max Fun Drive.
It's coming up soon.
We just recorded our bonus episode.
It's a wild one and you're gonna love it.
And it's a hell of a thing.
And we'll tell you more about that as we get closer.
But until then, hey, how about a final Yahoo?
Do it.
I love that, Griffin.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Adrian Cowles.
Thanks, Adrian.
It's Yahoo Answers user anonymous.
So I'll call this one Sham Asks.
What do you make of Gordon Ramsay?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, My Brother and Me.
Kiss your dad.
Let's go around the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artists owned.
Audience supported.
Hey, I'm Jared Hill, co-host of the brand new Maximum Fun podcast,
Fantai.
And I'm Travelle Anderson.
I'm the other more fabulous co-host.
And the reason you really should be tuning in.
I feel the nausea rising.
To be Fantai is to be a big fan of something,
but also have some challenging or anti-feelings toward it.
Kind of like Kanye.
We're all fans of Kanye.
He's a musical genius, but like, you know.
He thinks slavery is a choice.
Or like the Real Housewives of Atlanta.
Like, I love the drama, but do I want to see black women
fighting each other on screen?
We're tackling all of those complex and complicated
conversations about the people, places, and things that we love.
Even though they may not love us back.
Fantai.
Maximum Fun.
Podcast, meow.
