The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Happy birthday, Patricia Heaton. This is our special Patricia Heaton birthday episode of
My Brother, My Brother, Me, an invite show for the modern era and also Chaz Bono.
Did you just Google Wikipedia and then on Wikipedia,
did you Google birthdays on March 4th? This is our Bono Heat episode.
Bono Heat honoring Chaz Bono and Patricia Chaz Bono, Chaz Bono, Patricia Heaton.
I bet you Patricia Heaton would fucking hate Chaz Bono because she's a very close-minded,
she seems very conservative to me. Yeah, she is. Is she the mom from Tool Time Show?
Yeah, she's mom from Tool Time and she is mom from the middle,
but not mom from Malcolm in the Middle. Common mistake. Really? What a small world. I know.
And who is Chaz Bono from? Chaz Bono is from Mermaids and Sonny and Cher. Okay.
Also Rick Perry, so it's a cool day. March 4th here on My Brother, My Brother, Me,
it's sort of our Patricia Heaton, Chaz Bono, Rick Perry themed episode. So all of our questions
will in some way have to do with those three celebrities. If you don't see the connection,
you're probably just not thinking. The first person to respond with an email
that lists the connection between all of the emails and either Bono, Heaton, or Perry.
Oh, I got it. But, Griffin, you can't participate because you work for the show.
But I know the answer. But you can't say it.
But the three of them fucked. The three of them fucked that one time all together.
Well, what does that have to do with any of the questions we're about to answer?
Unless all of the questions are about that time when Rick Perry, Chaz Bono,
and Patricia Heaton fucked. Yesterday, and as long as we're talking big news stories,
uh, recently, uh, Dennis Rodman traveled to North Korea to meet with Kim Jong Un.
Uh, and the headline, the big opinion, the popular, popular reaction from media critics
is that he did not perform well. The, the CNN headline is Rodman Fouls Out in North Korea.
And I would just like to join with my media brothers and sisters in our disbelief
that Dennis Rodman did not handle international diplomacy, uh, with North Korea.
Our final hope has failed us.
Our last chance, like sending Bruce Willis to destroy the media,
Meteor and Armageddon. Dennis Rodman has failed us.
Is it possible that he did like a passable job?
He just really wanted to use that fouled out pun.
I mean, just showing up is half the thing, isn't it? And like, nobody else has showed up.
How come? Hey, Obama, give him a fucking call.
Hey, Obama, why don't you give him a fucking call and maybe talk it over?
They have nukes, guys. I'm spooked. Spooked about their nukes.
We're nuke spooked. And we just want you to pick up the phone and call that little guy.
Why don't you fucking give him a ring?
Let's say he's adorable, but he's also, he's probably just as scared as we are.
And he's more afraid of us than we are of him, except that we're really afraid of him.
I'm not as afraid of I am as Dennis. Let me start over. My fear of them and their nukes,
my nuke spookedness, is not nearly as crazy high as my general Dennis Rodman discomfort.
My Dennis comfort. Even seeing that fucking guy. It's not great.
It's a bad situation.
It's like he looks like he survived a trap from one of the Saw movies.
It's rough stuff.
What if he had rolled up and just been like the most amazing diplomat
and Kim Jong would have walked out going, I'm sorry. I see it now.
Rodman on North Korea. We cool.
He says, apparently we cool. We cool with North Korea.
He fixed it. He fixed it all.
This is an advice show where we take your queries and turn them Acme-like into wisdom.
Here's my first advice. Obama, pick up the phone.
Let's rip off the top and guzzle it down.
Hi, I'm a 22 year old girl and I have a problem with what I call nerd rage.
Seems to be getting in the way of my dating life.
Guys don't seem to like it when I let it out, but it's almost involuntary.
Once someone brings up an X-Men movie, I start going off on 20 minute tangents
without realizing I'm even doing it or getting into hours long arguments
over who would win between Loki and the Hulk.
I've tried dating not nerdy guys to avoid the arguments,
but I would die a little inside every time a doctor who reference falls on deaf ears.
What should I do? Should I tone down the nerdiness
or just keep waiting for David Tennant himself to whisk me away?
That's from Alonzi in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Listen, we're all waiting for that day.
Yeah, we all want David Tennant to scroll up.
Even if it's just like a friend romance.
We are all happily engaged or married.
And if Tennant knocked down a door, we could not say no.
Justin, quiet, get yourself an adventure.
Like, all right, baby.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Justin, get in more books.
Get in more spaceship, Justin.
We're going on an adventure.
I can honestly say that if David Tennant walked in the house,
I would get super like little puppy excited and I'd look at Teresa
and she would just kind of go like, go ahead.
She'd understand.
She would sing a refrain from Jolene.
Yeah, I mean, this is...
Just FYI, let me go ahead and preface this by saying,
I don't think that this is like because you're a girl having nerd rage.
I think that anybody who does this, it's kind of a turn off.
It can be a bit of a turn off.
Yeah, it's, you know, there's so many real things to be upset about.
Like North Korea, Dennis Robbins over there messing that up.
Like get angry about that.
That's a real thing.
There's like social issues and stuff that if you bring it up,
everyone's going to go, oh yeah, I agree too.
I'm also mad about that.
The problem that I've found consistently with nerd arguments or what have you
is depending on the setting, you're almost always alienating somebody.
There's almost always someone who doesn't know the source material as well as you
or like is completely oblivious.
And that can make for a kind of unwelcoming social experience for anybody.
I mean, I love my nerdy escapism as much as the next guy,
but I find that it can have kind of a chilling effect on your social engagements.
I also find that in my life that it's like timing is everything.
Like, yeah, I've had real long debates with people about who was the best Doctor Who
or about the Superman movies or the Batman movies.
Lots of arguments about Avatar the cartoon versus Avatar the movie.
And but I don't do it every conversation I have.
Like I have the one friend that I have my Doctor Who discussions with.
I got the friend that I talk about cartoons with.
I have a friend I talk about comic books with.
And then even that is maybe like five percent of the time.
You know, there's an appropriate time when that conversation happens organically
and not like, oh, I see that you own a Wolverine origins.
Now, let me tell you why that movie sucks.
You know, yeah, I think I'm about to do that.
I have a problem with you.
I'm about to come to your guys houses and duct tape your butt cheese together.
Why fucking nerd lords?
OK, what are you talking about?
I just I don't I don't party on these kinds of because it's it's
is there a topic for Mario Brothers that says don't hate the player,
hate the game.
You're welcome.
Hot topic.
Go on.
What I'm saying is if it wasn't Doctor Who or if it wasn't, you know, comic books,
if it was sports or if it was wine or if it was sport wine,
which is a new kind of wine that I'm doing, it's kind of like Gatorade.
It's kind of like the Gatorade of wine.
But it gets you messed up.
Yeah, it gets you really fucked up.
So it's not good for like if you have to throw or catch the football
or really run into anybody, it's it's still an R&D.
Anyway, it's snobbishness regardless of what it is.
And like some people can party on that.
But like even if they are of equal level nerdiness than you,
is that really how you want to like found a relationship?
So your point being Gervin, it's not content.
Yeah, it's not the content, it's the tone.
Because if you're like if you're like a fan of a specific baseball team, right?
And then somebody brings up baseball and you launch into this half hour long
diatribe about why the Cincinnati Reds are the greatest baseball team
and everybody else sucks and you're like really heated and angry about it.
Yeah, nobody's going to like that.
No, especially people sitting around you going,
yeah, I don't care about baseball at all.
Yeah, yeah.
And everybody cares about baseball.
Fewer people care about Dr. Who.
I have to see the math on that.
Gervin, can you read us a Yahoo question?
Yeah, sure.
I can I can do that.
This one was sent in by Ira Ray.
Are you Ira Ray?
I'm on Colmeds.
I'm sorry.
I know, but I just had this moment of like sheer horror all right.
What if he doesn't do it?
And I really I've got I've become Pavlovian like trained to be like,
but we hold on.
He's saying, say it.
Say it.
Yeah, I hear it in my sleep now.
I hear it when people say things that sound like Ira Ray, which is weird.
Anyway, thank you.
Do you have an IRA?
Who wants to know?
It's by Yahoo Answers user Wolf Runa who asks,
who would win in a fight between the dad in the Wonder Years
and the dad in Happy Days and why?
They both rule a strict house,
but who'd win in a fight between the two behemoths?
This is the best.
Oh, God.
Speaking of nerd rage,
like too much time has been spent figuring out who would win in a fight
like Superman and the Hulk.
We need to get more like who would win in a fight
Wilson from Home Improvement or Comet the dog.
Wilson would beat Comet to death with his own hands.
So who we got?
Dad from Wonder Years.
Jack Wonder Years.
Jack Wonder Years.
Papa Cunningham.
Papa Cunningham is Tom Bosley, correct?
I didn't watch any TV that was on the air before.
It's the Boz.
It's the Boz, right?
Okay.
It's the Boz.
And then you got the...
Come on.
Indomitable Dan Laria as the dad from the Wonder Years.
And he is a big...
I mean, he is a...
He fucking...
I watched that show late.
I watched that show in like college
and he fucking scared me.
He was scary.
He's a scary man.
I haven't seen a lot of Happy Days,
but I want to know what episodes this person is watching
where they're like,
Tom Bosley runs a strict house.
This is a tough house, Tom.
God, Tom Bosley is tight-fisted.
Everybody gets one.
You get one more and you're out.
Do you remember the episode where Tom Bosley
just beat the shit out of Fonzie
for leaving the light on in the bathroom?
He's not even his son.
That's a tight household, Mr. Cunningham.
Crazy.
I think Wonder Years' dad would eat him alive.
Oh, yeah.
Are you kidding me?
Dan Laria plays Vince Lombardi.
Okay, okay.
But you guys,
Bosley is clearly more cunning, ham.
And so he's gonna win in the Battle of Wills.
Was that the whole thing?
No, I actually didn't realize till about halfway through
that that's where I was going with it.
But then you followed it.
But then I went with it.
I took that rabbit hole.
Can I come at you with this?
Uncle Phil versus...
Oh, I can't remember Reginald Bell Johnson's character's name
for Family Matters.
But I can remember his name is Reginald Bell Johnson.
Carl Winslow.
Oh, God.
It's Uncle Phil, because here's the thing.
It was always, I mean, not even under the surface,
that Uncle Phil had a violent streak.
He threw DJ Jazzy Jeff like 20 yards a day
for all of the great work Will Smith did on that series
of making African Americans non-threatening.
Uncle Phil was right behind him, undoing it,
moment by moment.
Just throwing DJ Jazzy Jeff.
I'm a white suburban guy.
I'm trying to not be afraid of you.
And Uncle Phil is throwing your people.
He is watching African Americans at his front door.
In the years that I've watched this show,
it has only just now occurred to me
that the neighbors of Uncle Phil and his family,
about once a week are looking out their window
to see a scrawny black man being launched out the door.
What do they think is going on in that house?
How is it?
How does Uncle Phil figure out that Will is the one
making them look bad in their DJ Jazzy neighborhood?
Right?
Phil is trying to blend in, in Bel Air,
and meanwhile he's throwing black people out his front door.
And there was an episode, if I remember correctly,
where Uncle Phil sits on a rabbit and kills it.
What does that have to do with anything?
I'm just saying that's scary as shit.
Carl Winslow never sat on a rabbit.
Despite the fact that Reginald Will Johnson,
as TV's Carl Winslow, is armed and dangerous
because he's a fucking police officer,
you think that Uncle Phil's sitting power-
When Carl Winslow is ejecting Steve Urkel from the house,
he uses his words.
Yeah, and to be fair,
I never saw Carl Winslow's hand where his hip be at.
That would have been a great episode
if half the episode was just him spent in therapy
filling out paperwork for having to discharge his weapon
to kill a rabbit that was on the couch.
Maybe you didn't fucking watch Die Hard,
which is part of the Winslow-verse.
It is in the Winslow-verse.
I could convince myself of this, by the way.
I mean, he plays that cop in like 19 movies.
Oh, that's real nice, Trav.
Real nice.
I mean, that funny buddy, he's just afraid to shoot people.
What other than Die Hard and Die Hard 2?
Oh God, now you can put me on the spot.
Yeah, I put you on the spot
because you're talking out of your ass.
No, you also did it in Family Matters.
Family Matters.
Family Matters, the movie.
There were like 100 episodes of that.
He was a cop in all of them.
You can think of Die Hard as being a long
and confusing episode of Family Matters.
I believe, if I'm not mistaken,
I think he was also that cop in Ghostbusters.
I think that was a ghost.
Dead Carl Winslow.
I'm just going over his IMDB page right now,
looking for any kind of character that's just listed as
cop who's afraid to shoot gun.
I'll get back to you.
I had someone on my paper route when I was younger,
his last name was Bosley,
and I convinced myself that it was Tom Bosley
living a life of prophecy in Huntington, West Virginia.
In Huntington, West Virginia?
Tom Bosley just couldn't handle the attention
in Pavarazzi anymore.
All of the getting out of the limo shots
where his vagina was showing,
he just couldn't stand the attention.
All the Father Dowling heads chasing him around,
trying to get their pick with Father Dowling.
All the sex tapes, drug scandals,
Tom Bosley just could not handle it anymore.
Tom Bosley, you're missed.
Yeah, I do.
I do miss Tom Bosley.
I guess that is one advantage that Dan Loria has over
Tom Bosley is being corporeal, I guess.
This is one thing that's good about Dan Loria
is that he's alive, so that is helpful.
I mean, that's a big plus.
But as angry as he is, though,
counting down the days over here,
that takes a toll on a man's heart, you know?
Yeah, no kidding.
Especially when a man is that big and that threatening.
Okay, semifinals.
Semifinals?
Hey, we're gonna bracket this.
I'm not trying this, we're doing it.
To be fair, Dan Loria in 2014 is starring in a movie
called Icky, An American Dog Story, as Paul Puccini.
So he probably wishes that Tom Bosley had killed him.
Every day.
Every day he wishes Tom Bosley...
What could have been?
Why did you finish the job, Tom?
So here's another question from one of our users.
Recently, I've been feeling that I think about things too much.
Sometimes I find I'm unable to take action
because I'm busy thinking about what might happen.
Case in point, I recently helped my friend DJ a dance party
and a girl I don't know came up and tried to dance with me.
I wasn't dancing before.
And rather than getting out on the floor and having a good time,
I thought about the reasons why I shouldn't
or why it wouldn't be appropriate.
Pretty soon, this girl makes some excuses and left.
I wasn't able to have any fun because I was thinking too hard.
Is this a problem or is it just a personality trait?
And that's from Introspective in Indiana.
Before we get to the question,
I want to say that the thing that caught me is
all the excuses why you shouldn't.
Like what?
What was it?
Was it like a kid's party?
That's a pretty good fucking excuse.
Were there snakes on the dance floor?
This party is at McDonald's.
We're in the play place.
What are you talking about?
The floor is lava.
I mean, okay, yes, it is a personality trait.
And personality traits, I think, are only a problem
if they're impacting your happiness.
I mean, that's when they become-
I guess it depends on,
is this you saying that you think things through?
Or is this you saying you have a hard time making decisions
because you're thinking about every different possible outcome?
That's not a bad trait to have.
You just have to know that when an attractive person is,
stranger is dancing with you,
that you have to shut that voice that you just gotta fuck up.
I feel like this is an issue that I have in real life,
or I did, but I've been making a very strong effort
over the last two or three years to stop doing it,
and my life is like a thousand times better.
Because every so often, that's a good thing.
When it's deciding how you want to do your health insurance
or a payment plan for something.
I want to meet someone who's impetuous
about their health insurance.
I don't know.
Let's still catch the wind.
PPO?
PP, I have no idea.
Let's do it.
Just do it.
Sign me up.
Do I want a new car?
Sure, I do.
Oh, no.
Whoops, I got dog insurance on myself.
That's okay.
I'm gonna have a luscious coat.
If someone's like, hey, you want to go see a movie?
Yeah.
Don't sit there and go,
I don't know if I see that movie
while I beat two tires tonight,
and I was saving money in that extra $8 maybe.
Like, if you want to go, dude, do it.
If you want to dance with the girl, do it.
Don't sit there and go,
well, what if it turns out that she has a boyfriend,
and then he beats me up, and I break my leg,
and I lose my track scholarship,
and then I end up homeless.
No, if you have a track scholarship,
you need to keep your head on a fucking swivel.
Because everything out there wants to break your ankles.
I'll tell you one thing that I've been doing lately
that has kind of helped me deal with this,
because I absolutely have a problem with this.
And it surprised its negativity.
I remind myself that basically,
everything bad that has ever happened to me,
I never have seen that shit coming.
I never think, like, something bad's coming,
and then it does.
It's that I think everything's cool,
and then it gets very bad.
So, like, the very fact that you have even thought
about a negative outcome means that
that's probably not the one that's gonna happen.
So, like, just, just get over it.
Just go with it.
And bad things are gonna happen.
Absolutely.
A ship in harbor is safe.
But that's not what ships were made for.
They were made for sailing to adventure with Captain Ron.
You are a ship, and Captain Ron is beckoning you to adventure,
and you need to just pile on board.
You could have had this lady on your, on your mast.
Wait, hold on.
What's the front thing on the front?
Your, your, the mermaid statue?
Your figurehead.
This girl could have been the mermaid statue.
The prow.
I think the prow that you put tape to the front of your boat.
Hold on.
You could have duct taped this girl to your boat.
You could have fucked this girl on a boat,
and you didn't because you thought about
how your dancing wasn't correct or some shit.
It just makes me sick.
Yeah, this could have been a person.
You could have made love, and then the condom had an accident,
and you could have had a person.
And that person was, like, the next Martin Luther King Jr.
Or, or it also could have been the next John Wayne Gacy.
Oh, no.
Okay, it became a Paul Harvey story.
He probably thought, what if I fuck this person,
and then it's John Wayne Gacy?
That comes out, not the person themselves.
I think I would see that.
Dude, dude is huge.
Turns out to be John Wayne Gacy.
I didn't notice.
So foolish.
You're wearing clown makeup.
You're covered in kid blood.
Let's continue this party under my basement.
Can we not, John?
The party's fun already.
Can we just spend a night on the couch watching Netflix?
The other thing that is important to remember
that it is more negativity to cure your anxiety
is that no one thinks about you ever.
No one ever thinks about anybody other than themselves.
If you're worried what people will think, don't.
They don't.
They're not thinking about you.
They don't.
They don't care.
You're the only one that's caring,
and you're caring more than everybody else.
I would argue that in this situation,
like, not doing it and being like, uh, uh, uh,
is making her think less of you than if you just got out there
and been a bad dancer.
Because now she's thinking, like, what was the big deal?
Why didn't that guy like me?
Like, why is he being so weird?
You made her feel bad about herself.
She doesn't pick up a guy at a bar.
They didn't make the baby that would ultimately save the world.
This is what I measure things in now, by the way.
I do love that it's only like a three or four step process.
Yeah, that's right.
And there are only two degrees of people.
Either it's the next Gacy or the next King.
It's one of those two?
Always?
Always.
I think there actually was a Paul Harvey story
about like an abortion clinic where it's like two women came in
and one got an abortion and one didn't.
And the one who got an abortion, her son was going to be Picasso.
And the one who didn't, her son was Hitler.
And that's the rest of the story.
Paul Harvey was a fucked up guy.
Man, Travis, that is the funniest bit you've ever done about abortion.
You might have made your top five abortion bits.
That is definitely the top five.
That didn't come from me.
That came from Paul Harvey.
But it came from the Paul Harvey that doesn't exist in your fucking head.
Via the transit of property, it came from you.
It came from the Paul Harvey.
It's so fucking stupid.
He thinks that people who get aborted,
we somehow can predict what they would have been.
It was a what if.
It was a what if, you guys.
It was a what if.
It was a what if story.
Pop this abortion in the what if machine.
And now you know the bullshit I made up.
Okay, Paul.
I'm Paul Harvey, drunk as fuck.
Wouldn't it be crazy if, hey pass that bong over here.
Wouldn't it be crazy if a woman had an abortion
and her baby was like Jesus or some shit.
Ah, that'd be weird.
And now you know a fucked up thing.
That I made up.
Man, Paul, you have not lost a step in your old age.
Even though you think that cucumber is a radio microphone,
you have not lost a step.
Paul Harvey, radio titan, full of shit.
Maybe dead.
Possibly dead, I'm not sure.
Definitely on the run.
Dead as Dan Loria wishes he was.
Paul Harvey, total asshole.
Abortion fetishist.
Liar.
Professional bullshitter.
Paul Harvey.
Real asshole.
Paul Harvey.
You wanna go to the money town?
Yeah, try to stop me.
Travis, how weird do you like it?
Uh, you don't know.
That's the problem.
And it's a problem that we're all facing
because we haven't gone to extrememachines.com
and gotten ourselves some sex stuff for sex.
Yes, but let me throw this out, Justin.
I hate to derail your hilarious goof train,
but what if it wasn't for sex?
What if it wasn't for sex?
We got, we got, we got a customer review,
a confessional from a listener named Meg.
She works for an artist at a video game company
and they call other guys over to check their computers
to review what they're working on.
And sometimes haters are gonna hate
and they just won't leave you alone.
And so she brought a drill-a-hole fucking machine
at a discounted price using the midlist coupon code.
And that's what she uses to drive away haters.
Oh, sorry, haters.
Sorry, haters.
I've got a fucking machine.
Hey, HR?
Hi, this is Griffin from the podcast.
Did, there's some shit happening under your fucking nose
that you let a fucking machine,
you let a drilling fucking machine into your office
and somebody is using it.
They have weaponized it.
She uses, she has a special carrying case
that like she pops the latches on.
I imagine at this point, like that's enough for them to go.
High human resources.
She made a holster for her fucking machine
that she brings into work every day
that you haven't noticed.
So streamerchase.com is an adult superstore
and a great place to pick up a plate thing to scare people
that will probably get you fired.
Mm-hmm.
And you can get everything on the site 20% off
using the coupon code MIDDLIST.
That's right, MIDDLIST.
They're running a special promotion right now on dildos
where if you buy 10 dildos,
then you're gonna feel great when you get all of that.
Great when you get all those dildos in you.
It's not a conventional promotion.
Special, well put in the coupon code 10 dildos inside
and then buy the 10 dildos.
You're not gonna get any kind of discount on it.
Only for the coupon code MIDDLIST.
Just type in the coupon code quiverofdildos.
If you can get all 10 dildos in you
and you take a picture of yourself and you send it in,
then they will have that of you.
Not to us, not to us.
Not to us.
But for the love of sweet baby Jesus, not to us.
Unless.
If you craft yourself like a dildo bandolier
and then use them to fight crime as like the dilder.
The Dilbert.
The Dilbert.
That would just be awesome.
Head to extrovertrace.com,
use the coupon code MIDDLIST and get fucked.
Hey folks, this is Kevin Allison of The State and the podcast RISK
where people tell true stories
they never thought they'd dare to share.
X-rated stories.
Outrageously hilarious stories.
Tear-jerking stories.
You won't believe how real and raw and surprising RISK can be.
You've heard people say,
oh, too much information.
Don't be sharing that in mixed company.
Well, at RISK, we say, screw that.
Anything goes.
So you've got a treasure trove of jaw-dropping entertainment
to dig into, my friend.
Look us up at maximumfun.org
or of course just go to podcast at the iTunes store
and search for RISK.
This Yahoo is sent in by Jacob Locker.
Thank you, Jacob.
It's by Yahoo Answers user obesecatholic who asks,
is it safe to let a horse live in my bathroom?
That's it.
Okay, well, depends on the size of the horse.
Safe for you or safe for the horse?
These are both great questions.
What's your flooring situation?
Is it a first floor bathroom or a second floor bathroom?
Do you know any people who will ever come over to your house
and use your bathroom?
Not anymore.
Because they-
Because if you do, a pretty good goof would be to pretend
like there is no horse in that bathroom.
A what?
What did you see in my bathroom?
Pardon me?
No.
Excuse me?
That's my sacred space.
That's where I store my 10 dildos.
What exactly are you accusing me of, sir?
Sir?
That is my mother-in-law, sir.
How dare you?
How good day.
You racist.
I have to go feed her some oats to cheer her up.
The shenanigans.
The shenanigans that this situation would lead to.
There are literally, if this podcast was six hours long,
I couldn't enumerate them.
There's so many possible shenanigans.
He's gonna eat all your TP.
Uh-huh.
He's gonna use up all your hot water.
Yeah.
He's gonna shave-
He's big.
He's a big horse.
He's gonna shave his face and then he's gonna have like
a regular skin face and a hair body over the rest of him.
He's also gonna get in the shower while you hide in the closet
and do voiceover for him and make whoever's pooping
think he's Mr. Ed.
No?
No.
Why would they get, they wouldn't get, nobody would,
nobody would, in this situation, nobody would poop around the horse.
Nobody would walk into the bathroom and be like,
oh, a horse, huh?
Well, if there's one thing I like, it's being seated and pantless
around a giant 400 pound monster with chitinous feet.
The horse is in the shower with a shower curtain drawn
and the water is on.
There's no reason.
There is no reason.
The person comes in and says, oh, sorry, I didn't know someone
was in here, I was just gonna use the bathroom.
And you voiceover and go, oh, yes, of course, use the bathroom.
But you are-
And then when the horse takes his head through the curtain,
you're like, oh, I see that you're shitting.
Travis, I'm sorry, I don't mean to interrupt you,
but you're being a real part of Harvey right now.
I can't imagine any scenario in which you could lure a horse
you could lure a horse, a full grown horse,
unless we're talking like a little spasticity situation,
a full grown horse into your bathtub.
It is not happening.
More importantly-
What if you had a carrot?
Okay, no, listen, listen, they're not discrete creatures.
They are not God's most, they're God's most beautiful
and they're God's most brilliant and soulful creatures.
And killable.
They're most killable.
Most destroyable creature.
Yes, but they are not what you might call stealth.
They are not stealth animals.
God made it so they can't sneak up on you.
So what you're saying is you need a really opaque shower curtain.
He gave them-
Oh God, Travis.
He gave them percussion on their fucking feet.
You're gonna hear them.
You gotta put down the little rubber fishes
so they don't slide all over the place.
Nobody has ever, nobody's ever walked into a barn
and been surprised by a horse's presence.
Turn the corner and be like,
oh my God, I didn't know a horse was in here.
Travis, do you know what they call a ninja that rides a horse?
What's that?
A corpse.
Cause they can't sneak at all.
Cause it's really dark, Justin.
Yeah.
Sorry, ninjas.
You took a really dark place.
Our whole ninja contingent is gonna-
Sorry, anybody who's listening and also a ninja.
I didn't mean to be such a Paul Harvey.
Might be fun though.
Dress them up in a little suit.
For like a day, it would be the best.
That's the thing, it would be great for like 10 minutes.
Or another good goof if somebody comes over for dinner
and they're like, holy shit, there's a horse in your bathroom.
And you go, oh shit, he escaped from the kitchen.
The worst thing about having a horse in your bathroom
is that you are gonna be desperate for somebody to see that shit.
And from the moment they come over to visit,
you're gonna be looking at them like,
oh, how's your bladder feeling a bit full?
Do you want some coffee and bran?
Did you need to poopy?
You need to make dirt?
Hey, hey, you need to make dirt?
You're a little bloated, you need to make dirt?
You need to make dirt?
Go make some dirt.
No, not down here, upstairs.
Why would you put the horse in the upstairs bathroom?
And not the downstairs?
Because I only have a half bath downstairs
and there's no goddamn way I'm getting the horse in there.
Okay.
Come on, Griffin.
Come on.
You've been in Justin's house.
Use your brain.
That goof is also on a time limit.
You need to get them in the toilet.
That horse is gonna give you maybe five minutes of silence.
If you slop some peanut butter in its jaws,
and if you take him on a long, beautiful ride
for several hours in the countryside, getting real worn out,
maybe he'll stand still for you for five minutes.
But after that, all bets are off.
Horses, horses are noted assholes
and they like to feel majestic at least,
at least three times an hour.
So if you go for too long without making them feel
or look majestic, they're just gonna start whining
and then the goof's over.
And then you're a weird guy in the horse's bathroom,
not the prankster supreme 2013.
But if you can pull it off.
Oh God, if you can pull it off
and take a picture and send it into us,
we will give you the title of goof master supreme 2013.
We will give that to you.
We'll send it with a big novelty check
for as much money as you want.
The check means nothing.
The check will be worth money.
This is what I'm saying.
If you can pull it off, you can have everything.
You can have the check.
The world is yours.
The hat.
Oh, there's a hat.
Listen, do not take it to a photo shop
and have it photo shopped
because I will know the difference.
If you take a picture of a horse in a photo shop,
that would be awesome.
I will also accept horse in a photo shop,
but I have to know that it's original for us.
The horse has to be saying my brother, my brother and me
or making his mouth.
And holding today's paper.
And holding today's paper in his,
no, he's holding tomorrow's paper in his mouth.
And we've got an early edition.
I love it.
Oh, man.
You guys want another question here?
Yeah, I'm 20 years old.
And while I'm fortunate to have my parents pay my tuition,
something I'm very grateful for,
I try not to rely on their financial assistance
as much as possible.
I just got a text from my dad saying
he put a hundred dollars in my bank account
as a gift for a rainy day.
A hundo is nice.
Feel bad for taking the money.
Should I just give him the money back?
As I step towards independence?
Or should I take the gift and go with it?
That's from Mr. Wants to be independent.
That's so cute.
That's so nice.
It's really nice.
Just take it.
What are you?
Take your dad's fucking money.
Take your dad's fucking money.
He earned it and it makes him happy to give it to you.
If you were 46 and your dad dropped a hundo on you,
I see you going, hey, dad, you're in a home.
Please don't give me your money anymore.
I'm literally paying for all of your care.
This is coming directly out of my account.
You take that money.
Just take the money.
Your dad is trying to do something nice.
Don't worry about it.
Trust me.
He'll get sick of giving you money soon enough.
So soon.
So soon.
Squirrel it away.
Do you like have a, do you have a job?
Here's my opinion, guys, and this is just for me.
I think if your parents are paying the bulk of your expenses,
I think, I think that like trying to strike out on your own is, is noble.
And I think that trying to secure your independence can be really great for
your confidence.
But like, if your parents are already paying the bulk of your expenses,
like that, you know, it's a, it's a futile gesture.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's a pure victory.
If you're like, no, I won't take your Benjamin, like, just, just take it and
then get yourself on your own two feet as soon as you can.
And also, I mean, helpful advice.
There's a big difference between having to ask your dad for money to pay for
something and your dad just being like, Hey, because I love you.
Here's the present.
That's your, that's you've been a good sign.
You've been a good son.
This is your good son reward.
Just take it and go buy some Pokemon cards or some shit.
There is nothing that there's nothing unindependent.
There's no dependent.
That's what I'm looking for.
There's nothing dependent about someone giving you a present.
Yeah.
I mean, it's just nice.
Yeah.
Don't worry about it.
It's not a big deal.
That was easy.
Next one.
That's easy.
Here's more advice.
I just moved into a new apartment building.
I'm loving everything about the upgrade in space compared to my last place.
However, my next door neighbors have started ruining my excitement by playing
their music TV all day, every day.
Now here's the thing.
They aren't blasting it by any means.
But the bass is audible enough to hear in my apartment.
It makes watching quiet movies hilarious because it's hard to appreciate a
haunting scene where Philip Seymour Huffman with a quiet in the background.
I can usually jot it out by playing my TV and music, but then I risk annoying
my downstairs upstairs neighbors.
The short version, my right to be so annoyed with this barely noticeable noise.
Or am I just a premium rush?
That's from IRAE in Illinois.
I would, I would argue that it is more annoying to have it barely audible.
Oh my God.
Yes.
It's super.
Right, right.
Absolutely.
Okay, no, because if it's super blasting, you can roll next door and be like,
Hey, turn it down.
Well, can you, can you Superman?
Is that something you're big, tough, Jeannie?
Is that something you're capable of doing?
Luke Kang?
I did not know.
I did not know.
I was brothers.
It was a superhero.
I did not know.
I did not know.
I did not know.
I was brothers. It was a superhero.
Turn it down.
Are you implying that politely asking your neighbors to turn something down is such a
scary experience that only Luke Kang could accomplish it?
I'm saying to have the bravery to, to confront anybody for any reason.
Okay.
You know what?
I'm laughing and I'm making fun of you, but you're absolutely correct.
I think whenever something like that happens, everybody instantly turns into Charlie Brown
and goes, I'll wait.
I'm sure it'll be fine.
They'll move eventually.
That might just be because the three of us have the kind of type J personalities that
never help you get along in the world.
The number of times in my life that I say things like, you know, I should go say something.
I mean, I'm not going to, but I recognize that I should.
This is one of those moments where if I had a dick, if I-
I would definitely use it.
You guys should get in Sydney as a wife because boy, howdy.
She does not suffer that.
We were in a, we were in, used to stay at that apartment.
You guys remember that apartment that she used to be in on 6th Avenue next to Marshall?
Yeah.
We were there and her downstairs neighbors, like, took this to its logical extreme and
did the most insufferable thing in the world, which is to, at all hours, especially like
2 to 3 a.m.
See, we really choice, would blast Sublime's Santeria.
Oh, that's a good one though.
Definitely volume.
On loop?
Yes, yes.
Like, oh my god, they're listening to fucking Santeria.
I'm getting to the deepest levels of it.
Play it again.
She would just-
I'm hearing it.
She would just get on our hands and knees with this cast iron pan that we bought.
It was the first thing we ever bought together, actually, and she would just pound on the
floor with it.
And then one night she just eventually got sick of it and went downstairs and started
banging on their door with a cast iron skillet and told them to turn off the goddamn Santeria
because it was the only song they listened to with Santeria constantly.
And now you guys can't make love unless you listen to Santeria by Sublime.
Totally weird, totally weird, totally true.
Hey man, we're all right there with you.
Yeah, listen, this is no Paul Harvey stuff.
This is real.
No, this is real.
I have upstairs neighbors that, I swear to god, they've got kids that are like five and
six at like three o'clock in the morning.
Those kids are running in circles.
I don't understand it.
It blows me away.
And like, it will wake me up, but not enough to tell them.
My fucking backyard John Hammond, I wish you would make a noise.
I wish I knew what that fucking dude was doing back there ever.
I'm getting one clue.
Give me one thing.
Give me one thing, dog.
If I heard like a weird like full brass klezmer band coming from there, I'd be like, oh, okay.
So he's like just some sort of weird klezmer guy.
But it's not that.
It's not that.
I can't fucking crack that nut and it's killing me.
You're not going to know until it's too late.
You know that, right?
You accepted that?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
The only noise I'm going to hear is the chainsaw that he's ripping through my spine.
That is the first sound from him I will ever hear.
You're going to have time to think, is that piano wire?
And then your air is gone.
You're blacking out.
You're done.
Oh, man.
You got another Yahoo Griffin?
I mean, is that where we should go now?
Yeah, we can take it here.
This Yahoo was sent by Joe Ruscio.
Thank you, Joe.
It's by Yahoo answer user R who asks, is it cool so see a boy sagging their pants?
Whoa, if you like it, what type of underwear should it be and how low?
If you don't like it, why?
I'm sorry, I need the thesis statement one more time.
Is it cool so see a boy sagging their pants?
Okay, is it cool to see a boy sagging their pants?
Which is great because it's not asking if it's cool to sag because the answer is of
course, still and forever.
Is she asking like a bird watching question?
I saw another one today.
It's a good omen.
Make a wish.
It's like the cowboy on the Tootsie Roll Pop wrapper.
But what you don't want is a boy sagging his pants to like be outside your window because
then someone in the house is going to die.
That's true.
Shh, look at the front of the bed.
Shh, look at the front of the bed.
It's a boy sagging his pants.
When I sag, I just go commando.
Okay.
Which is not a thing.
So you just have your balls out.
I have my butt and half of one ball out.
And it's not a popular thing at the mall to do.
No.
What I do is I sag my pants and then I have another pair of pants underneath and it looks
like my pants are molting.
Shitting.
And sometimes you wear snakeskin pants which really heightens the effect.
Mm hmm.
I think the best time I ever saw a boy sagging his pants was when I was watching Three Stooges.
And this in the movie.
Are you talking about Larry or Moe or Curly?
In the hit film.
In the hit film, they see someone, Larry or Moe, Curly, see someone's pants sagging as
an African-American gentleman.
And he says, Hey, buddy, let me help you.
Your pants are falling down.
And then he pulls them up.
And I thought, it's 2012.
You also thought this is the most racist thing I've ever heard.
This is really crazy.
This is really wild.
You also thought, why can't I stop masturbating?
I also thought, why is it 2013 and I'm watching this movie for a second time?
That is another thing I thought last Saturday.
One of the other thoughts I had.
And then I thought, this joke is still pretty racist and not a joke really so much.
So the only thing that happens, and if we may tangent into this, in the movie, the joke.
A tangent?
Okay, a logical step.
The joke is just referencing that the young man is sagging his pants and Moe doesn't realize
that it's been a cultural thing for like 30 years.
Right.
Attempts to pull them up.
That's the punchline?
Yeah.
Cool.
Is it possible for us to continue this bit without sounding like the script of Old Dogs?
Is it possible for us to get out of this episode without sounding like three Tim Allens?
Travis, are there any other bits in Three Stooges you'd like me to clear up for you?
I still haven't seen the movie.
So it's like hearing tales from a foreign land.
You still haven't seen Three Stooges?
It is on my bucket list.
Didn't you want to get ready for the Oscars?
The best sound mixing I think was on there.
Yeah.
Best yucking?
Oh, God.
Did you guys think the In Memoriam was lame?
I think the In Memoriam was kind of lame this year.
You guys think so?
I don't know who died.
Not a lot of like good people died.
A lot of Beast Trainers.
A lot of Beast Trainers.
A lot of cinematographers, a lot of...
Yeah.
Do we all disagree to make a commitment to have more awesome people die this year?
Just can we get some good people to die this year?
Listen, I'm not saying anything wink nudge,
but I'm just saying I'd like a really blockbuster In Memoriam this year.
I mean, we could talk to them about adding people that haven't died yet.
Uh-huh.
How fucking crazy would that be?
Fucking Mickey Rourke up on the screen like in the audience.
And then cut to Mickey Rourke going, what?
No.
No, I'm here.
Can't you see me?
Can't anyone see me?
The whole night's about trying to convince Mickey Rourke that he's a ghost.
I'd watch those Oscars.
What's happening to me?
And then like the only person that can see him is Bruce Willis,
and he just shits his pants.
By the end of the night, James Cameron's like,
thank you for this Oscar for Avatar 2.
He's jumping up and down behind him, waving his hands.
Please, someone, if you can see me, call somebody.
I'm not ready to go.
I'm not ready to go yet.
I have so much left to do.
At least turn me into a snowman like in Jack Frost.
I need to tell my son I love him.
I need to tell my son I love him.
Like the documentary Jack Frost that I saw.
Please, if anyone knows a voodoo priestess, please.
I promise to be a good Jack Frost, like the killer kind,
the killer one Jack Frost movie.
Snowman, killer, good snowman.
I'm done.
I quit.
I gotta go back to work, guys.
I'm done with this podcast.
Okay.
This has been My Brother, My Brother.
Made it to the advice show for the modern era where we do it.
You heard it.
You know we do.
You know how we do.
You know how we do.
Thank you for everybody tweeting about the show.
Unless you tweeted to ask where the show was today,
because that really gets on my nerves.
I'm glad you like it, but come on.
Hey, dog, you can't rush perfection.
Can't rush it.
For real, though, I've had a real bad poopy bug.
Griffin has had, for real, my butt.
Griffin's butt fell off.
I've had the worst poopy butt like for a week now,
and it was pretty touch and go there for a while.
You were about to say that.
By which he would touch something and then he would go in his face.
Anytime my physical form touched anything.
I had to be suspended in the air.
Thank you to everybody tweeting about the show.
Thank you to Rachel.
That's Bransonatron.
Elliot Binder.
Chris Daly.
Beven Blocker.
Mark Brown.
Adam Ford.
Anders Clem.
Jordan Dahl.
Prince Cabbagehead.
Danielle Farless.
Joel Kelly.
Complicated Wasp.
Hepzy.
So many people tweeting about the show.
Thank you.
Make sure if you tweet about it,
you use the hashtag MBMBAM and you include our sample link.
It's bit.ly forward slash.
It's my bim bam.
I want to say thank you to Jonathan Barnes,
a friend of ours who works at Cosi and took me and Riley and Sydney
on a sort of behind the scenes tour.
Oh, that's so awesome.
I know.
It was so much fun.
We got to do a show there sometime soon.
I know, right?
Columbus.
So thank you to him.
And and thank you to everybody sharing the show
and getting other people interested.
And be sure to check out all the other shows on Max Fun.
At this point, you know all of them
because I assume all of you are listening.
But go to maximumfun.org and check it out.
And while you're there, get the information on boatparty.biz.
Jesus fucking Max Fun cruise.
Drink it in.
It's it's bananas.
This cruise.
It's going to be crazy.
The Atlantic Ocean Comedy and Music Festival.
Get there.
I'm thinking about going because I just got over poopy butt.
So I can't get it.
I can't get the norovirus again.
And the good thing is, since Mark McGrath canceled his cruise,
they've just added Jen Blossoms and spin doctors to the Max Fun cruise.
So it should be pretty fun.
Did Mark McGrath cancel his cruise because he knew that people being on a boat
and listening to Sugar Ray was like a diarrhea cocktail?
He actually said, his direct quote was,
the poop cruise did us no favors.
Which is great because I bet the poop cruise would be like,
the Sugar Ray cruise did nothing for us.
Anyway, thanks.
Griffin, you got a special thanks to John Roger Gright.
That's usually what you say now.
You usually say something about thanks to the Long Winters
for letting us use their song as a departure from putting the days to bed.
Go ahead.
Do it.
But you just did all of it.
Was that the bit?
Oh.
So thank you for listening to our show.
Make sure to join us again next Monday.
Oh, if you want to have a shout out on the show,
if it's like somebody's birthday,
or if you just want to say congratulations to someone,
or if you have a small business, or I guess a big business.
I mean, we're not going to discriminate.
Um, and you want to have us do a shout out for you in the money zone,
just go to maximumfund.org forward slash Jumbotron.
Get there.
Griffin, take us out.
I am ready.
This final Yahoo answer was sent in by Jacob Locker.
Thank you, Jacob.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Catherine, who asks,
opinions on the name pretzel for a girl?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm pretzel.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
He's your dad.
Square on the lips.
