The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother and me, an advice show from the modern era.
I don't know why I decided to scat the title.
I'm Travis McElroy, your middle-est brother.
I'm your baby-est baby brother, Griffin.
You know that he's actually saying words in rusted rude Simmi on my way.
He's saying words.
I know the words, I know the words.
It's not, I think, scat on purpose.
I used to think, is nobody safe, nobody on? It's not that.
That is 100% it.
Guys, I guess I'm less of the baby now, aren't I?
Less of the baby.
You're finally a man.
Finally a man.
It took me a few extra years on top of that.
The McElroy tradition is at 27, 27.
Griffin, how does 27 feel to you? How does it feel?
I mean, here's the thing.
Rachel got me a box of Tiff's Treats for my birthday, a local warm cookie delivery company,
and I ate like three quarters of the box just like as soon as I received it.
So I don't know that necessarily I'm more of an adult.
Just that doesn't, it's not an adult way to consume cookies.
My age is actually defined by the fact that if I did that, I would die.
Yeah.
How did your rum-tum tummy feel afterwards?
Rum-tum shitty.
Did not enjoy it.
Yeah, I'm, I-
Did not enjoy, would not recommend.
No.
Savor that right now, though, because it didn't kill you.
No, I know, it sounds like I got it in under the fucking wire.
Because I guess in like, what, six years, then like one of my feet will fall off if I try that.
Yeah.
Best time.
It's such a big day.
Griffin had his birthday on the 17th.
By the way, P.O. Box 54, 120-
If you want to send Justin presents for my birthday that I will never receive.
I'll make sure he gets them.
That's no problem.
It's Griffin's 27th birthday.
It's 420.
It's Easter.
He is risen.
And there's going to be a new episode of Game of Thrones.
That's what I'm most excited about.
Travis was keen to point that out.
I'm finally caught up after, I think the show's been on for eight years, and I finally, like,
watched it.
This shit's really good, you guys.
I don't know if you know this.
Yeah, thanks, Travis.
It's like an underground success.
I can't wait to read the novelization of the show.
It's really bad.
Yeah?
It's boring and everybody has- here's something that surprised me if you read the books.
All the people in the show have names.
I thought three of them did, but no, they've all got names and none of them are like Dylan
or like Ralphie.
What's great, now that I'm caught up, it's having conversations with people about the
show and this is, no joke, the conversation I had with my friend Charlie.
Yeah, that one guy, Jory.
No, the other one.
Jorah?
No, the other one.
George.
Marma.
The onion guy?
No, the other one.
Stannis.
No, I know Stannis.
This is not Stannis.
I don't know who you're talking about.
I still- I've watched every episode of the show and I read the first two books and still
there are times when I think that one of the guys is another guy.
The guy who- I tell you the problem with this show is the guy who is down with the lady
who wears red all the time, he is the most generic dude in the world.
He could be popping up like every few scenes in like the background and I would not notice
that.
They could swap that actor out daily.
Wait, do you mean Stannis?
His name is basically Stan is also not helping.
He looks like a fucking superintendent.
But it's Stan's buddy, it's Stan's buddy gray beard dude, the onion, who I simply cannot
remember his name except that he's the onion knight.
Dr. Onion.
Boy, the silly knight.
Silly knight, onion boy.
Like, there's not really anything funny about Game of Thrones so let's talk about our listeners
and their problems and try to help them because that's what we do.
Why?
Yeah, let's just not talk about Jesus.
I thought we were gonna skew into Jesus jokes for a while there and I thought we really
pulled it out.
Good job, guys.
Yeah, I saved my one good he is risen joke for-
He is blazin' 420.
There's only one day worth coming back from the dead four.
All you care about is babes and grindeds, Justin.
I'm sick of it.
And wheezing the juice.
And wheezing and grinded.
I've recently gotten back into the dating scene while in universe.
Listen, this is an American show and if you're gonna write into it, it's college, which makes
money for dates hard to come by.
Is it in bad taste to use gift cards and coupons while on a date?
Regards.
I don't want to miss this chance in Canada.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
It's in bad taste if you're using Applebee's gift cards on that date.
Because oopsies-
Especially if you're not at Applebee's.
Oopsie went to Applebee's.
Do you accept Applebee's gift cards?
So this is a red robin.
Do they have-
I'm aware.
Do they have the bees in Canada?
It's just called Le Applebee's.
Oh, great.
Yeah, no, why wouldn't it be called that for sure?
But they have to have both on the side.
So every Applebee's is huge.
Because they have that- I thought every restaurant in Canada needed to be named after
like a very manly sounding man.
This is Paul Thwackam.
I'm not joking.
I thought every restaurant had to fall into like even top of the line,
like a Vancouver bistro had to be called like-
Are you basing this off of anything other than Tim Hortons?
And Stan Makita's Donuts notwithstanding.
Because I was living in Illinois and in Wayne's World.
But close enough.
I consider Illinois basically Canada's Alaska.
Illinois is non-contiguous Canada.
Isn't it odd how the very behaviors that might make someone a desirable life partner-
Right, like frugality.
Are antithetical to the actual wooing of said person.
I don't know.
I would be pretty goddamn wooed if somebody was like,
oh, by the way, don't even worry about it.
Groupon, he slammed down Groupon.
I'd be all about that.
Here's what you gotta do.
I think Groupon has more- Okay, so let me- Okay, Groupon I think is trendier.
I think Groupon has an air of hipness to it.
If you pull out, like if you're at Captain D's and you pull out a coupon-
You already fucked up.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah, hold on Justin.
I'm gonna stop you there.
I don't think the coupon's gonna have any impact on this.
If you're at the D's or the B's, you've done fucked up before you even started.
What if you say, listen, fella, I'm taking you to Applebee's and I'm gonna use a gift card.
But I'm gonna use the differential on another date activity post dinner.
So I have a $25 Applebee's gift card.
You and me, we're gonna go to Applebee's and save some dope.
But then I'm gonna take that $25 and then I'm gonna take you to Cold Stone
for a little post Applebee's roundup and get you the German chocolate cake
or maybe some of those ice cream cupcakes they got there that you like so much.
And we'll just, I'll pass, basically what I'm saying is I'll pass the savings on to you.
Can you just go right back through those revolving doors,
right back into Applebee's for a second dip?
You save, you drop the card, you pay for the entire first Applebee's dip,
your first B's and you pay for all that.
Like I got this.
And then you bounce out, step outside, maybe have a smoke,
post B's smoke in the Applebee's smoking plaza.
And then you turn right back around and you go in
and maybe you try a different one of their delicious $9 entrees.
I have been to Applebee's, because of my geographical location,
I've been to Applebee's more times than I care to admit.
And of the many thoughts that have crossed my mind after an Applebee's meal,
most of them regretful in nature, I've never thought to myself,
the one I thought I've never had is, man, I just want to be here another hour.
I just want to soak this in.
I didn't see that picture of that lacrosse team nearly long enough.
Those Jason Sudeikis commercials that he voices over
at the end of Beach One is see you tomorrow.
And that could be seen as sort of a veiled threat after you just finished.
If you left to the Applebee's and you go home and you do have diarrhea
and then you turn on one of those commercials and Sudeikis is like,
hey, you are coming back here every day until you die.
I don't know.
Have you guys ever gotten carry out from an Applebee's?
Yes.
The method, I don't know if this is universal,
but the method by which one gets carry out from Applebee's is the sketchiest,
like most tacit admission that their whole atmosphere is the wackest.
You have to, you tell them what car you're driving
and you pull up to like a secret side door.
You flash your blinkers twice.
You flash your blinkers twice.
You don't have to flash your blinkers,
but it does help if you have your headlights on and they say,
oh, there he is.
He's in the Kia.
Go take this out to him.
And you exchange the money for services right in your car.
It's the dirtiest.
I'm always tempted when they bring the food out to say like,
quick, quick, get in.
Get in the passenger seat.
I want to be able to see you.
Let's do this in the car.
People are watching.
Yeah.
You got the stuff.
You got, hey, hey, what's in the bag?
You got them onion dippers.
You got onion blasters, straw slippers, slippers.
I'll be back here tomorrow.
I'll be here tomorrow because Jason Sudeikis told me to on TV.
How about a real quick hand job?
You accept, you give cards.
My date's in the back seat.
Hey, what's up?
I'm the date.
Hey, give him a hand job.
You didn't forget the onion sloss, did you?
That's a hybrid slaw and sauce for onions.
Onion sloss.
Dip it in and suck it down.
Okay.
How about a Yahoo?
We have not helped this person at all.
So in closing, you're welcome.
I find frugality incredibly erotically fascinating.
You're 27.
Yeah.
If I went on a date with someone and I pulled out, well, first of all, my wife would be very upset.
But if I pulled out a gift card and they judge me harshly for that, I'd be like, okay, this is done.
That's how you're judging my quality as a person is whether I use a gift card or not.
I actually think if I went on a date with somebody who was disciplined enough to have a gift card,
remember they had the gift card, go to the place to use the gift card,
and then actually present the gift card, I would think, oh, thank God it's an adult.
Thank God I have an adult to take care of me.
Because the other side of that coin is basically if they judge you for it,
what they're saying is like, oh, you couldn't just pay real money for that?
Like, what?
That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
It's as good as money.
It's just you turn it into onion sloss.
Right?
Same as money.
I would be kind of bummed out because then I would know that that person has a grandpa that's
maybe not so keen on getting to know what that person's it.
Oh, like, oh, you have a pretty strained and distant relationship with your grandpa.
That's too bad.
Like, we probably would have waited until date four or five to bring that up.
But that telltale bee's gift card has outed the secret, I guess.
Yahoo me Griffin.
I'll give you a tight Yahoo.
This one's sent in by Cruz Flores.
Thank you, Cruz.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Death Star, who asks,
I want my cat to develop abs like Ninja Turtles.
Mm-hmm.
How can I do it?
So he wants a warrior cat, basically.
I don't think the warrior cats have sweet, sexy, rippling abs.
Ah, they probably do somewhere.
This person clearly seems unaware that the Ninja Turtles also do not have abs.
I guess it was their shell.
That's their shell, dumbass.
Well, maybe-
Jeez, read a book.
Maybe they watched the trailer for the, what's that fucking, what's that dude's name?
The one who makes all the movies?
Michael Cheddar Bay.
Steven Spielberg.
Michael Bay.
And he made that trailer, and you can tell, like, they look pretty busted, right?
They look like they might-
They don't look good.
They look pretty, they look all ripped up.
And I think you can just sort of intuit that they have, they're fucking blasting some green
ass shippable shit in there.
I thought that those Ninja Turtles, they look like a six-year-old's drawing of Ninja Turtles
from, like, having watched, like, one episode.
That is what the ones in the Michael Bay-
But, like, creepily, like, all ripped and busted.
Like, they look like Ninja Turtles that have been, like, smoking two packs a day since they
were born.
They look a little bit torn up.
Like, since their heyday, they've just been sort of-
It looks like underground.
You'd think they would have lived since 1988.
Yeah, kind of.
Here's the other thing about us.
You don't know, we're immortal, and we can never die, and we have to live in shells in
the sewer.
But we do clearly age.
Yeah, the Ninja Turtles-
They're beginning to look a lot more like Ninja Tortoises.
Ninja Turtles came, and they saved me from Shredder, and it was awesome, and they smelled
like a million grandmas.
They stink like shit.
They gave me some chocolates out of their purse, and it tasted like Virginia Slims.
Did it- I mean, did they smell bad because they live in a sewer?
No, they smelled like an old, old man that was, like, real ripped up and torn up, and
just, like, real Haggard.
They gave me an Applebee's gift card.
They gave me an Applebee's gift card because they just couldn't be fucking bothered to
get to know me.
What does go through your head when you're like, you know what, I bet he would like
Applebee's, but I don't know what he likes there.
I can't just go get him the thing he wants if he doesn't want it right now.
Don't you remember that one time when Billy told me all he wanted for Christmas was a
couple of Brutuses?
You remember.
A couple shot glasses full of sugary goo.
Okay.
Canyon sloths.
Okay, so listen.
I want my cat to develop how he's like Ninja Turtles.
I don't think it's outside the realm of possibilities because cats got tummies, and you can probably
tighten that shit up.
You could probably get that tummy a little bit tighter, kitty kitty.
Cat crunches.
What if you pick him up underneath their front legs, and then, because, like, as they're
trying to get away, that seems like that would be good for the core, doesn't it?
Like, you pick them up by their front.
You pick them up, like, underneath their armpits, basically, and you hold them aloft, like, sort
of like, uh, teach them to walk in the Lion King pose, right?
And then they're flailing to try to get away from your grip, and while they're doing it,
they're blasting their core.
They're just getting super, super ripped.
If I, if I kiss my kitty's tummy over and over again, just tickle and tickle my nose
with soft, tummy hairs, is that going to give them a stronger core?
It might, because they would get the giggles.
And if you're giggling, laughter is the best medicine, or ab workout.
Laughter is the best ab workout.
I'll tickle this.
You could also put that thing on their tummy that electroshocks it.
Oh, tight, yeah.
No, that would be good.
And one of those, like, you could put them in one of those jiggly belts that you see in,
like, 50s fitness things.
Can I tell you how awesome it would be to walk into a room and see a cat just standing
up in one of those things, like, drinking a Bloody Mary and smoking a cigarette and,
like, getting fit.
Cooking an, like, old-time microwave meal that, like, has, like, the foil and shit on it.
I don't think, I don't think, I don't think there were microwave meals with foil on them
at any point in recorded history.
That seems like-
No, I mean, it took them a while to, it took them a while to figure that shit out.
This food has eyeballs on it.
What are we doing wrong?
We fucked up.
We don't understand microwaves.
You know that we couldn't use microwaves for the first 30 years after they were invented
because we kept trying to put foil in there?
Justin, I don't think I can go on the rest of the show just because I, since this idea
was first proposed, all I can think about is your chunky dumpster of a cat with one
of those shake, with one of those shake belts on it.
And just, like, imagining how that would, how that would go.
First off, Claudia Jean is slimming down.
How much?
What's she down to?
She's down to 18 pounds.
That's from 20.
So she's, like, on the road to recovery.
She's trying to get fit.
She hates every second of it, and she still won't exercise even though I asked her to.
And I got her that Billy Blanks tape she asked for, and she doesn't ever put it in.
Ever.
The closet is just full of different articles, those stretchy, like, ropes and, like, the
perfect push-up.
All of it.
The ab roller, none of it.
She won't touch it.
She asked for them, and then once they show up, like, oh, I don't remember.
I don't know.
Maybe I'll definitely, definitely try that.
Oh, yeah.
She won't.
Good suggestione.
Let me see that.
Yeah, I'll read this during lunch.
Did you just want me to pee on this?
Or, no, I would like you to use it and blast your core.
Please.
If your cat was on The Biggest Loser, which, which trainer do you think she'd want to be
teamed up with?
Jarlington?
Jarlington.
Yeah.
Claude Jarlington?
Claude Jarlington.
He is, he is two of them.
Yeah, he exercised so hard that he divided via mitosis.
And if you hurt one, the other feels its pain like those brothers from the GI Joe.
Exactly that.
100%.
You got it 100% right.
Thanks.
I mean, like, yes, my cat's overweight.
Like, I didn't know what I was.
I don't know how it happened.
You feed her turkey out of the fridge.
Not anymore.
And also, she loves it.
One of my hobbies is traditional archery.
I enjoy archery because it's a calm, methodical, physical skill that gets me outside.
However, I also have a geeky interest in history and fantasy.
For a long time, I've been looking at clothes that would pass for a peasant longbow man.
Uh, but I think I can get an ensemble that I will enjoy for around $80.
But the thought of spending this much pains me.
We have a medieval outfit.
While having a medieval outfit would be cool.
I do not think I would be brave enough to wear it in public.
Not public in general, but well, no fairs or Halloween parties, sans deadly weapon.
Uh, even if I could work up the courage to dress up outside the house,
it bothers me that I would spend money on something I would only wear a few times a year.
Brothers, should I indulge in my geek side or just, uh, let a fun dream be a fun dream?
That's from Maryman in Minnesota.
Holy shit.
This is the best question.
It's really good because we've all struggled with this at some point.
We've all been here in some variation.
Uh, I have a few questions.
First off, you've said you'd only wear it to places like rent fairs or Halloween parties,
but you'd wear it without the deadly weapon.
So from what I can tell, there is no context in which the bow and the garb,
the tunic would be worn simultaneously.
Okay.
So I don't see the connection to your archery, right?
First off.
Have you guys ever seen Arrow?
Hell yes.
Please, can we not talk about Arrow?
It's just once you get Justin fucking going on Arrow, good luck.
You guys want to talk about Arrow?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, not again.
I can't fall into this.
Can this guy get a Kickstarter going?
I would kickstart your tunic.
I would kickstart all $80 of it.
Absolutely.
America's Next Top Arrowman.
Let me say this, Merry Man.
You better have some compelling reward tiers because I think you are going to be passing
the early boundaries.
One, I assume $80 to buy the tunic, $10,000 for your medical bills after somebody beats your ass.
And then once you get past $10,080, I want to know what else you've got cooking up.
I don't think in any of these situations that this person is talking about, wearing
this peasant longbowman garb is one that is going to get their ass beat.
Here is my thing.
I've been thinking about this probably a lot more than is natural or healthy, but do you
think that when you roll out to a run for it, there's got to be a hierarchy of the dudes who
have spent $8,000, $10,000 on their full suits of armor, and then they see somebody roll up in just
a puffy shirt and leather pants, and they're like, check out this bugger.
Fuck spending $8,000, $10,000 on a full suit of armor.
How about the people who have spent 30 or 40 years becoming a goddamn blacksmithing
artisan, like going out and, you know, farming tin ore in the Hillsbrad foothills and then
coming home to smelt that shit and then making armor for themselves specifically that they can
only wear in this one fucking scenario.
I think that they are probably at the top of the caste system.
So you have to imagine that, like, there is the possibility you would roll up to the
bin fair and suddenly a swarm of ne'er-do elves would descend upon you and beat your ass.
I think that's possible.
That's why you gotta have that bow.
You gotta be armed.
Yeah, definitely.
I don't think you can wear a tunic without the bow to back it up, I guess is what I'm
saying to you.
That's beautiful.
I also don't understand the compulsion to dress like a peasant longbowman.
We're all play and pretend.
Listen, most days I wear cargo shorts and a t-shirt.
And if that's not modern day peasant garb, I don't know what is.
So I don't know why at a rim fair I wouldn't want to dress up like a fancy jimmy.
It's like going to San Diego Comic Con and cosplaying as Jimmy Olsen.
Like, get fucked together.
I'm Fitzpatrick Fitzwallis, the guy Superman rescues.
Yeah, I'm Spider-Man's landlord.
My name's Hank.
Hank.
Hank Landlordman.
I got the powers of I fix that faucet for you.
No problem.
Let me know if you got any other questions.
And I don't ask any questions.
I'm real dumb.
I do know his dark secret, though.
He takes really bad shits.
Clogs that mother crapper up.
Spent a lot of time on Spidey's clogs.
Here's the one thing about me.
I'm really good at getting blood out of stuff.
He bleeds all over everything, that kid.
No problem.
No big deal.
I fix that squeaky window too, Pete.
The one you used to get in and out of your apartment.
Can I make a suggestion?
If you want a garb to go along with your archery,
can I suggest instead of a peasant longbow garb,
you instead cosplay as Geena Davis?
I love this.
Just like real life Geena Davis?
Not like character Geena Davis.
Real life Geena Davis.
Real life Geena Davis who's a master archer.
Who's a goddamn incredible archer.
Incredible badass.
Can I get a fat head for my baby daughter's wall
of Geena Davis, like mid archery?
That would be amazing.
This is who I want you to aspire to.
The star of Cutthroat Island and master archer Geena Davis.
Also check out Speechless.
Not bad.
Pretty okay.
Let me check the warehouse.
Let me check in the back in the stock room.
We only have a fat head of Geena Davis from Earth Girls Are Easy.
I knew it.
It's always that.
Listen, after that movie came out, well before it came out,
they produced, I don't want to give away their trade secrets,
but four and a half million fat heads of Geena Davis
from Earth Girls Are Easy.
Because they thought that that was going to take the world
by storm, that those classic characters as portrayed
by Jim Carrey, oh, I can do this.
Come on.
Jeff Daniels.
Incorrect.
No, you messed it.
You switched your Jeffs.
Jeff Goldblum.
Correct.
And Ah Wayans.
Ah, but which Wayans, sir?
Ah, the oldest question.
Damon Wayans, senior.
Damn it's who you're looking for.
So we're all agreed that you need to buy yourself an outfit, right?
Yeah, buy it.
For $80, wear it where you feel comfortable.
It'll feel tight to have it, I bet.
If you want it, here's my thing.
If you want it, fucking buy it.
It's not going to, if it's not going to hurt you,
fucking buy the thing that's going to make you happy.
We need to rebuild this economy.
Too sweet.
Right.
Yes.
There are leather workers that are desperate for a client
and you can provide them an admittedly apparently meager amount of work.
I'm saying $80 is, that's nothing.
Ooh, ooh, what about this?
Teach yourself a skill.
Fucking sew that outfit yourself.
Oh, that's good.
Get that, go to Joann Fabrics, get the tunic pattern
and some lovely prints and just make it for yourself.
I love that.
Fucking earn it.
And then if anyone tries to give you shit about it, be like, oh yeah, I made it.
Don't think of it as $80 you're only spending to dress up once in a great while.
Think of it as an investment in post-apocalypse protection.
Because after the revolution comes and the grid is shut down,
the man who spent all his time making armor and learning archery
are going to be the only ones worth a damn.
To get shot to death by the guy who bought a hundred guns.
No, guns won't work either.
I have a hundred guns.
What do you have?
I can make a doublet.
Well, okay, cool, cool.
I will trade you a gun for a doublet.
Done.
That's called free market.
And then you shoot that man to death and take all his guns.
Tailoring wins the day.
I want to go to the money zone.
You're listening to a podcast.
I know you like podcasts.
Don't try to trip.
I want you to subscribe to the Optimism Club podcast.
That's on iTunes and Stitcher.
That's with Steve Ball and Andy Ditchell.
They sit down and talk about what's new and exciting in the world.
Possibly Dictal?
Digital?
Andy Digital, your digital co-host.
They talk about what's exciting in the world of pop culture.
Think like Max Headroom.
Yes, Steve, great joke.
Bitch, can I do my ad, please?
Thank you.
Jesus Christ.
It's not like this.
I bet they let each other finish fucking sentences
whilst they discuss everything from movies and TV comic books.
Anything you possibly nerd out about without fail,
they also spin off on borderline.
Insane tangents.
Like how every movie would be improved by introducing hyper intelligent apes.
I do agree on that front.
It's on iTunes.
It's on Stitcher.
Or you can like their Facebook page.
It's called the Optimism Club.
Catch it.
I want to talk to you guys about a very personal thing close to my heart
that I just learned about.
I demand actually that you donate to the Doodle Game Kickstarter.
You can go to doodlegame.com slash my brother for more info
and my bim bam fan doodles.
Now I should point out,
all these times I've said doodle,
I should have spelled it because it's actually D-U with an umlaut, D-L-E.
If you're just entering the URL, I don't think you have to hit the umlaut button.
Just D-U-D-L-E game.com will get you there.
Oh my god.
These are amazing.
Doodle, pronounced doodle.
They pronounce it.
They provide a pronunciation guide.
I was about to call it doodle.
It's a party game of illustrating randomly generated phrases.
How do you play?
Each player draws five cards.
One adjective, two nouns, one verb and one adverb
and then tries to illustrate that phrase.
Can the other players guess your phrase based on your drawing?
If you like my bim bam laughing
and playing creative tabletop games with your friends,
then donate to the Doodle Game Kickstarter.
And like I said before,
you can check out some bim bam specific content at doodlegame.com slash my brother,
which I'm going to look at right now.
Yeah, yes.
Holy shit.
These are incredible.
There's tiny Amelie Pokemon singing sexily.
Okay.
There's a middle-est ghost horse shoplifting poorly.
Cosmic bear god devouring furiously.
Oh man, dirty corncob boy.
Warrior Pokemon juggalos sad living quietly.
Oh man.
Baby orb yahoo answering expertly.
Worried groundhog detective swiping dramatically.
All right, listen.
Go to this dirty corncob boy hiding Edward Snowden happily.
Oh, there's some good stuff.
Doodle game.
It's a d-u-d-l-e game dot com forward slash my brother dot html.
Oh, that's great.
I want to play that.
Oh God, that's really funny.
Go, go look at that and kickstart their game.
God, I'm starving.
I need to eat before the show and I'm starving.
Do you want to like take a break?
No, I can't take a break.
I'm too busy.
Do you want to eat these fatty corn chips and sloppy, slimy, fatty, greasy Doritos?
I'm trying to lose weight Griffin, please help me.
And I bet they've got GMOs.
They hire stuff with GMOs, but I've heard online from a friend that I met online that
GMOs are good for you because they help your bones get stronger.
Incorrect.
That the only thing that's good for you in the world that you can trust is nature box
at nature box.com.
They've got delicious, nutritious, superstitious snacks that they send right to your door and
they're great for you and they're delicious.
They got BBQ kettle kernels, everything, bagel sticks, yeah, South Pacific plantain chips.
And they're healthy.
They do not pack with GMOs.
They're packed with superstitions.
What about my bones though?
Your bones will really enjoy eating everything.
Bagel sticks, BBQ kernels and our personal favorite salted caramel pretzel pops.
I want to try it, you know, I want to try it, but I don't want to pay full price.
Can anybody help me?
I can Justin.
I will loan you some money.
If you try nature box right now, you will get 50% off your first box.
You just have to go to nature box.com forward slash my brother 50% off your first box.
Like there's a $30 box that I think contains 10 bags.
I should know because I just ordered it, but 10 bags for 30 bucks, 50% off $15.
It's an amazing deal.
You can choose your snacks and then they send you a new box every month and you can like
mix up the snacks and they're delicious.
They really are quite good.
Nature box.com slash my brother and you get 50% off go.
Okay, now I'm full, but you know what else?
I'm bored.
Oh God, you are a fucking super needy guy.
Did you know that?
You're like a child.
Fill my holes industry.
Oh boy.
Fill the holes in my life capitalism.
Extreme restraints is not advertising with this episode.
Your holes will remain vacant.
Justin, do you like television?
What?
Yeah, I guess I like television.
I hate watching television because when is anything ever on?
I don't know when anything's on.
I know I'm paying for cables.
A real pain in the old patootie.
That's the end.
Next question.
Our new secret fourth brother, Rosie O'Donnell, is really making a splash on this episode.
Here's the good news.
I've got a couch ball just rocking it out of my monitor and I had to dodge it the last second.
So what you need to do is sign up for Hulu Plus.
With Hulu Plus you get all the episodes of current seasons of stuff like Family Guy,
Parks and Recreation, Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon, and also like Community and South Park
shows that you already love and you can get them as new episodes come out.
And you can watch them on-
And now I'm fucking literally everything.
Travis, sometimes you sound so much like a commercial.
I think you must be reading something, but like you're not.
You're just-
Just flipping it off the dome.
I'm just a fucking awesome salesman.
You're like half commercial and you can, they got original shows, right?
There's a new one I saw, a commercial for, while I was watching something else on Hulu
called Deadbeat, which is about a guy who smokes pot and can talk to ghosts.
And it's that dude from Reaper who was like the best part of that show Reaper.
That short-lived show Reaper that he was the best part of.
It's $7.99 a month and you can watch all these shows basically on any device that you want.
But if you sign up now at HuluPlus.com slash my brother, all one word,
you will get two weeks of full access totally free.
That is an extra week more than the standard demo period.
And you will get that extra week on us really luxuriating at HuluPlus.com slash my brother.
Hey, I'm Jesse Thorne from Maximumfun.org.
Last year, we got together with some of our favorite comedians and musicians and put them on a boat.
It was a huge success and we had such a great time.
We've decided to do it again this summer.
The second annual Atlantic Ocean Comedy and Music Festival sets sail on July 25th,
though technically there are no sales.
Comedians will include W. Kamau Bell, Karen Kilgarriff, Greg Barrett,
Moshe Kasher, Kyle Kinane, Natasha Leggero and more.
Our music night is hosted by the great John Roderick of The Long Winters
and you can check out Jean Grey and others.
To learn more about the Atlantic Ocean Comedy and Music Festival and to book your passage,
visit boatparty.biz. The Atlantic Ocean Comedy and Music Festival.
Comedy. Music. Shuffleboard.
I have a co-worker who I share my position with who daily talks about having sex.
You can say it. It's fine. This is a safe space.
Our show has a teen rating on iTunes so we can say we can address these adult topics.
Having sex with his girlfriend or before that, just random girls.
I don't want to hear his dirty board stories, but he seems to delight in bragging.
I have asked him to stop, but it only seems to make him enjoy it.
Oh God.
How do I get him to stop telling me about his late night escapades?
And that's from Don't Talk About Your Genitalia in Australia.
Pretty, pretty, pretty good.
It seems like the solution's in the question.
If only he enjoys it when you tell him not to talk about it,
you gotta beg him to talk about it.
Oh, more details.
How'd you-
Go on. Tell me about how you used your penis again.
Who did you stick it to?
Number the veins, Carlton.
Oh my God. God.
Who?
Paint a picture of my mind with these-
Numbers of details.
Numbers of veins?
Numbers of veins.
It was actually more upsetting to me that his name was Carlton.
That's-
Qualify the problem, Carlton.
That is my favorite Lewis Lowry book.
No. No.
Is it not okay?
Cannot. Will not. Should not.
I think Travis is so right.
You have to beg for more details.
There is no verbal picture he will paint for you
that could ever be resplendent enough.
You have to continue to elicit adjectives from this man
until he can't adjectivize no more.
And when he's done, when he finishes the story,
he's like, yeah, I don't want to talk about it anymore.
You gotta look at him like,
and now I need you to really give it to her tonight
and remember every detail.
Really perform above and beyond, Carlton.
Come in tomorrow and tell me everything.
Bring a talk boy to the bedroom with you.
Record your entire lovemaking session
and then transcribe it so we can discuss tomorrow.
A lot of pressure here, Carlton,
but I'm looking at you to be my big champ.
I want some Kinsey-ass fucking science, doc.
I want you to quantify every ounce of fluid.
Don't you dare skip to the climax.
If only there was some sort of position,
some sort of position that we could invent right now
that would exist inside of a corporate sort of structure
that you could talk to and complain about your coworker
who's talking about his jizz sessions on the daily.
If only there was like, you know,
how there's like different positions like,
you know, receptionist and, you know, data management.
If only there was a position like that
that was like jizz complaint receiver.
What about executioner?
Like you're talking about the HR department.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
You know what now?
Why haven't you done that?
That's like the obvious, it's like I cut my arm wide open.
What do I do?
Like you go to a doctor or you put a bandaid.
Like there's a thing to do already.
Now to be fair, to be fair,
this person does not list what industry they are in.
So it's quite possible that they exist in a business
in which there is no HR department.
There is no field, professional field,
you can work in where this behavior is acceptable.
Like none, except unless it's Dirty Story Boys,
the Dirty Story Boy Company, Inc. Co.
Where you only tell dirty stories to other boys.
That is the only business if you have made-
And it is thriving.
And it is fucking hopping.
Our next sponsor is Dirty Story Boys.
If you're a dirty boy and you love dirty stories,
come on down to Dirty Story Boys,
where we are gonna set you up with the dirtiest stories
and the dirtiest boys.
Every detail, number the veins, quantify the throbbing.
Also all your saltwater aquarium needs.
We also have accessories, come on down.
We're branching off.
I fucked this girl in college once
and it was real cool.
That will be $10.
For what?
What am I giving you $10 for?
Man, if you want more, you gotta pay more.
You know what I mean?
That was the $10 package.
Adjective free, two sentences.
That's what you get.
Once I watched that Showgirls movie
and it had that lady from Saved by the Bell in it
and I got my first boner, that will be $20.
Cause that was embarrassing.
Cause that was embarrassing.
That's a celebrity story.
That's a celeb porn story.
Celeb encounter.
That was a celeb encounter.
That's a special diamond package here at Dirty Boy Stories.
That will be $20.
That's $30.
I explained my business model to you,
which is in a way.
One time I saw Susan Sarandon taking a shower
but it turned out it was my aunt Diana
who only looks like Susan Sarandon.
That'll be a hundred dollars.
People love that.
That's a very specific audience,
but they'll gobble it up.
Sure.
30storyboys.mbmbam.
They're gonna give you your first story for free.
It won't be a great one.
It won't be a top of the line one.
Right.
It's gonna be a bottom tier.
You get a sampler.
Within the next month, I'm getting a new boss.
It was an internal hire outside my department,
but I see my soon to be supervisor every now and then.
I'm personable.
I try to make small talk when I see him.
How's it going?
How are the kids?
Nonsense like that.
But he's not having it.
I'm talking minimal answers.
I don't want to be the best friends with the guy,
but I would like to know we can get along in my workplace.
Is there another way to gouge if Gage-
Wow.
Sorry.
Is there another way to gouge?
Is there a gouge?
Is there a gouge to work?
Is there a gouge to see if we're gonna work well together?
Can I trick him into being my work pal?
Or is it already effed and I should quit while I'm ahead?
Ugh.
Well, I mean, the obvious answer is some kind of whimsic old buddy road trip.
Somewhere you learn a lot about each other,
but a lot about yourself, Stu.
Do a full New England Applebee's tour.
Can you try to give him an organ?
Like, does he need an organ or maybe he wants a backup organ?
Or try to steal one of his organs and then, like,
blackmail him to be friends with you to get it back.
These are all-
That's pretty good.
Tremendous suggestions.
I don't-
I haven't worked in an office since I was fucking 17 years old.
So if you-
Oh, I do a Jimmy Buffett.
Jesus.
If you would count-
It don't even mention that dude's name.
Listen, everyone.
It happened again.
We ate a pound of shit from people by offending them.
First, it was jugglers.
And then it was Jimmy Buffett fans.
We did it again.
Didn't think that there was that big of an audience.
Big audience for that, but apparently-
I think they prefer paired heads.
And also, I like Jimmy Buffetts.
I don't know what you guys are talking about.
I'm going to do a live edition of Boat Drinks when we go to New York.
Oh, fuck that.
So let me bring me a guitar so I can-
You can do that during the Justin show.
What I'm saying is I don't think you can make anyone be your friend under any circumstances.
Like, especially if you're fucking working together.
But why do you give a shit?
Well, here's the thing.
I'm going to draw some knowledge that in your question, you gave me the hint.
I need to solve this problem.
When you say that you ask him how it's going and how are the kids and nonsense like that,
that says to me that you're clearly not interested in his answers.
You're just trying to gauge if he likes you or not.
And that's going to come across as really insincere and that's not very likable.
I would say you should be interested in him and ask questions you want to know the answers to.
Travis is echoing the sentiments of Uncle Dale, Carnegie that is.
The only way to make friends is to get genuinely accent on that word.
They're interested in other people.
If you're not actually interested and you're just like saying platitudes or idle chit chat
for chit chat sake, then it's not going to build an actual relationship.
You got to get actually interested in the guy.
And if he's not, you know, if he's not interesting, then find something.
Everybody's got something that's interesting about them.
Find something, get interested in it.
And that's the only real way to build a friendship like that.
And then once you started that, then you drop some negs.
Got it.
A few negs.
I mean, also keep in mind he's your boss.
Like you don't have to be friends.
Of course, everybody wants to be liked and everybody wants to be on good terms with people.
But like so you guys aren't like best friends going to see movies on the weekends together.
So what, he's your boss and it's a professional relationship more than anything else.
So that's probably okay.
Just make sure he doesn't hate you.
The only reason to be friends with your boss is so you can get away with more shit.
And I think bosses know that full well.
So their hearts are hardened.
You got to break through.
They're so cold and dead inside.
You got to genuinely like this guy first.
You have to genuinely like this person and get actually, actually interested in this person.
But that's the only way that you're going to actually make a relationship.
That's what you want to do.
I don't know what to add to this.
No, we nailed it.
Yeah.
I mean, got it at one.
Y'all want a Yahoo?
Please.
This Yahoo was sent in by Drew Davenport.
It is asked by, and now that field isn't even loading.
Hey, Yahoo Answers, you did a great job on your website.
You did a real good job.
You brought in some real experts.
It's like fucking healthcare.gov all over again.
I feel like all signs are pointing to us needing to abandon Yahoo Answers.
Like not only is Yahoo dropping the ball, but everybody decided that like, oh, these are like,
oh, these are like every week I see, and there was a guy on like BuzzFeed this week.
It's like, you'll love this guy's hilarious Yahoo Answers responses.
Like, yeah, hi, is it 2010 again or no?
Okay.
He's pretty late to the party.
This, this, this field has been mined.
By us.
By us.
It's done.
We straight mined it.
We came in, we gave the farmer $10 for the ore within his land, and he was like,
oh, I've got $10 and then we've taken all of it and left his fields fallow.
We salted the earth.
Now, I mean, there's still people.
There's some fucking shamans, some Yahoo shamans out there doing spiritual work, reviving,
reviving the lands, the mother earth.
Drew Davenport is a level six shaman and he speaks directly to comedy Gaia
and he gets a lot of product out of this, this fallow field.
Now what do you find in this fallow ass field?
Uh, thank you, Drew.
I can't tell you who fucking asked it because this website won't load.
So I'm going to say it was asked by Drew Davenport.
Who asks, is stuffing shoes with socks noticeable?
I stuffed my shoes with socks daily to give me a bit of extra height.
It's not uncomfortable walking, but sometimes I notice I walk like one of my legs are sore.
It adds about two inches to my shoe height, making me almost 5'11 with shoes on.
I always get the impression people are looking at me and I am constantly looking behind me.
My friend is about 5'8 and he uses regular insoles to make him 5'10.
We are both 16.
What?
People noticed before and I was so embarrassed they were mocking me for days in school,
but despite this, I still do it.
What?
I guess, first of all, you asked a question about whether it was noticeable
and instead people noticed it in front of you.
So, yes.
Can someone help me through the actual procedure?
I'm having trouble parsing this.
What kind of shoes are you wearing that there's an extra like two inches in there?
Two inches of space in there.
What kind of shoes are we talking about?
This is obviously clown school, right?
It's Stomper's school.
Stomper's University.
When I put just like normal like arch support insoles in my shoes,
I noticed it's a little tight.
That's like an eighth of an inch of material.
Yeah.
I don't know if this person is talking about wearing a lot of socks
or if they just put the socks under where their foot goes in the shoe cavity,
in the shoe hole.
I don't think this person knows how big an inch is.
That's the only thing that makes sense.
Yeah.
Yeah, I have to amount to two inches.
That's significant.
That's Frankenstein shoes.
Yeah.
Unless you have lifts and those go like under the like in the sole.
I am upset.
It's a special shoes.
Hey, do you guys remember Forrest Gump?
It's been a long time since America's consciousness has thought about that fool.
Hey, I'm re-released that on Blu-ray.
Travis, I got some.
Check this out.
Okay.
Check this out.
Shrimp.
Nice.
I got one for you.
How about that?
Wait, hold on.
I got one.
I got no legs, Forrest.
Okay.
Well, I don't get that one.
My legs are gone.
What is that?
I'm a lieutenant.
Oh.
I'm Lieutenant Daniel.
I'm Lieutenant Daniel.
Sergeant Daniel.
The UK Forrest Gump has a silent U in his name.
Magic shoes.
Crikey.
Get your magic shoes here, guv.
Seats taken, guv.
I got boiled prawns.
I got stewed fried prawns.
Butter battered prawns.
Jellied prawns.
Salt caked prawns.
Farm raised prawns.
Herched prawns.
Come on out to my pruning board, Forrest.
Forrest.
Forrest Gump.
Oh, god.
Can I tell you something about that movie?
Can I tell you something about British Forrest Gump?
Sally Fields would still be in it, and she would still be fucking transcendent.
She would still be incredible.
Fuck me.
Oh, man.
Stupid magic shoes.
Dumb show.
Dumb, dumb, dumb show.
Uh, thank you so much for listening to our, uh, to our podcast.
My brother, my brother and me, we hope you had a good time.
Some fun, some laughs.
Um, thank you so much to people tweeting about the show with the MB, MB, AM hashtag
like Jordan, Paul, Blistifer, Fenton's dad, BTA, Schmoozy, Sir Bunnington, uh,
uh, Louisa Heron, Don Chapel, uh, comedy podcasts, Sarah the cat, Austin Grismore,
and many, many others.
Were you just being, were you being generic then and just like thanking comedy podcasts?
No, that's an actual, we've talked about comedy podcasts before.
The Twitter account, comedy podcasts.
Thanks, everybody's already started sending in, uh, emails and questions for the live shows.
Although, uh, I would stress that when you send them in, don't just put question for
the live show.
We're doing three of them.
People, please specify which one you're going to be at.
Um, I want to thank John Roderick and the long winters for the use of our theme song
instead of departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
Great little album, a lot of great tunes, a lot of great tracks.
I suggest listening to track, uh, four and six and nine are my personal favorites.
Um, I want to remind everybody that, uh, there are still plenty of, uh, fantastic seats or
I guess cabins available for the, uh, for the Atlantic ocean comedy and music festival
at boat party dot biz.
Uh, they, uh, had just announced that they added Tony Cayman, Carol Kolb, Guy Branham
and James Adamian.
Adamian?
That sounds right.
Yeah, I'm going to go with that.
Uh, and they already had said that, uh, Chris Fairbanks is going to be there.
Moshe Kasher, Kyle Kinane, Morgan Murphy, like, and John Roderick, which you might remember
from 30 seconds ago.
It's going to be huge.
It's going to be a lot of fun.
Uh, there's going to be comedy and there's going to be music and it's going to make you
really, really happy because you're going to set sail from port Canaveral and spend
three nights in the Bahamas, July 25th, 28th at boat party dot biz.
Sounds terrible.
Who'd want to do that?
Catch it.
I want to say thanks again to our friends at nature box, um, where you can get a box
of delicious snacks and you can get it your first order for 50% off.
If you go to nature box.com slash my brother, even if you're not sure, even if you're like,
man, I might not go check it out and just look at the shit they offer.
It's incredible.
Also a big thanks to Hulu where you can binge on thousands of hit shows anytime, anywhere.
You can get that extended free trial of Hulu plus.
We can go to Hulu plus.com forward slash my brother.
Griffin, do you have a last question?
I do have a final one that you can chew on appropriate for reasons you'll understand
here in a second.
I'm just saying that what you just said is appropriate to the subject matter of the
question.
So it's kind of funny how life works out sometimes, isn't it?
It is funny.
This one was sent in by Jacob Locker.
Thank you, Jacob.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Duncan who asks, is Jack Link's beef jerky bad for you?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin.
You said chew on it and then beef jerky is like sort of a sinewy shoot.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Maximum fun dot org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
I'm Cameron Esposito.
I'm Rhea Butcher.
I am Ricky Carmona.
And we are the cast members, what, I don't know, podcastiness of Wham Bam Pow.
That's an action and sci-fi movie podcast you can find on Maximumfun.org or on iTunes.
And what do we do?
News reviews and things you can use.
Tons of things you can use.
We break it down so it can forever be broken.
Hilarious jokes.
Plus sometimes there's a dog in the studio.
Sometimes there's a dog here.
We'll see you in your earbuds.
