The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
It's Familiar, but not too familiar, but not too not familiar.
People ask me, Justin, how are Minneapolis audiences?
And I tell them, Minneapolis audiences are the horniest audiences in the world.
You're all so horny, it's a little overwhelming.
Hello, my name is Justin McElroy, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, and the Advice Show for the Modern Era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
The first Justin was more of an emcee, and then I was walking myself into the character of Justin McElroy.
You know, that's true, because we are all just a character we play.
That's so deep, Travis.
And the character I'll be embodying this evening is your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm your sweet baby brother in 30 Under 30 Media Luminary, Griffin McElroy.
I've... we, uh, we played...
Travis did, I want it on the audio record, Travis did just shush Griffin's applause.
He gave you a... I just thought it was a little bit like y'all were just trying to make a point.
Like, we like Griffin! Yeah, okay.
We did a show in Minneapolis like two years ago, and I'm remembering now the horniness.
I'm not saying this for applause, because when y'all were doing that thing you just did, it was like, oh yeah!
So horny. Holy shit.
Uh, what's up? We, like the Chilean miners, we've emerged from the ground and returned to you, Minneapolis.
I just think of everything we've done for the past few years as sort of like dead air between our two performances.
Oh yeah, absolutely.
I measure everything in how long it's been since Minneapolis.
We're so happy to be in the Orpheum, because this place is fucking beautiful.
I said it, did I say, I said it? Yeah, the Orpheum. It's so beautiful.
I thought, I wanted to say Morpheus, but that's the fucking Matrix.
We're in the Orpheum. Can we get the chandelier turned on?
Because this place has the most buckwild chandelier I've ever... I don't know if you have the chandelier switch.
Whoa, they broke it.
My angel of music!
There it is.
Look at it.
So we were talking about it backstage, and here's the thing, y'all.
We're going to need you to help us steal that chandelier.
Oh, it's going away. They're turning the lights off.
Please don't steal our chandelier. Please don't steal this chandelier.
We're going to need someone who's good at gymnastics.
We're going to need a hacker.
We're going to need a face.
We're going to need a face person, a person with a face, I guess.
We're going to need someone who's not afraid to get in there and mix it up and scrap the people.
We're going to need...
A gun haver.
A gun haver.
We're going to need someone with a van.
We're going to need someone to go get burgers.
We're going to need someone to just say, like, hey, how's everybody doing?
You guys doing okay? Do you need anything?
Show of hands, has anybody in here ever stolen anything that's worth more than $100?
Okay.
Wow, a lot of good people in the audience tonight.
No, that balcony. That's full of crooks.
The balcony's nasty.
You all can't see it, but you balcony folks are nasty.
Which is great. They're closer to the chandelier.
Also need to say, because sometimes our fans take things very seriously, please don't steal a chandelier.
No, don't.
No, you know what, Griffin? I'm sorry.
If y'all can figure out how to get up there...
No, we're not entreating you to steal a chandelier.
Wink.
They won't give us the money for the show.
They won't.
Because they're like, you stole our chandelier.
Take it out of the chandelier sales.
Finding a pawn shop big enough is the problem.
Yeah.
Because getting in there...
And ritzy enough.
Yeah, you're going to find a fence with very specific needs.
Can we all just eat a little bit of the chandelier?
Oh, no, they are turning it off now.
Thank you, chandelier. Everybody, big hands for the chandelier.
For our listeners at home, there's a very big, good chandelier in the room.
And we're gonna eat it.
And we're gonna eat it.
Every last delicious crystalline bite.
And we're gonna steal the smaller chandeliers down here to give it to the big chandelier.
As tribute.
As tribute or fuel.
This one used to be small and they kept feeding it small chandeliers.
And it got so big.
So we're gonna need to turn it off, right?
I'm just gonna stare at it.
It's so gorgeous.
They're like, no one's ever asked us to turn it off.
We don't know how to turn it off.
We're gonna do...
So we're gonna do an intermission a little bit in so we can go pee.
That's the truth.
Right now.
Thanks, y'all. You've been great.
And then after that, we're gonna do some audience questions.
And y'all know the rule for audience questions?
No more!
Cool.
There is now a second rule that we've added, which is ask for actual advice.
Yeah.
Please give us a question.
No anecdotes.
It just doesn't give us much of a runway.
We take your questions on the show and we turn them alchemy-like into wisdom.
Let's do that damn thing.
Let's do the damn thing.
Let's get dirty.
Let's twist it.
My husband and I have two cats that both use the toilet.
In our house.
No, you don't.
You mean like use a toilet, not like go to the bathroom because everybody's cat does that.
Yeah, they use the actual literal toilet.
In our house, we only have one toilet.
That is something that you probably should have thought about before you taught the cats to use it.
When we have guests over, we ask them to leave the toilet seat up
and to flush if they see any pee or poop in there.
Is that last part too gross?
I never thought of it before,
but I realize it might be disgusting to ask some folks we have over to look for poop and flush it down.
Is that weird?
And that's from the Cats Can't Flush.
Are you here?
Are you here?
All right.
Everybody cheered all at once.
Oh, you're a hive mind.
Okay, cool.
We are, we are here.
I will say this.
First off, I want to get into the cats shitting on the toilet because that's chef kiss.
But I don't know that you need to give your guests special instructions
for what to do if there's poop or pee in the toilet
because it would be a fairly rowdy houseguest who's like,
huh, look at that, a bunch of dookie.
Anyway, like presumably.
Is that just what they do here?
Cool.
Cool.
Okay.
Well, allow me to join.
When in Rome, I suppose.
Oh, you're a bee.
Here's my leavings.
Adios.
I think...
That was really gross.
I hated being on stage for that.
Let me ask you this.
What's weirder?
Telling your guests like, hey, we've trained our cats to use the toilet.
So you might need to flush after them.
That's the weirdest possible.
Or two, we keep a box full of dirt and it's just got poop in it all the time.
We keep a box full of dirt that they poop in it.
And then by the way, the dirt smells worse than the poop.
Hey, cat litter manufacturers.
Can you do something?
It smells really bad already.
That's the base state.
There's never cat litter that's like, is somebody making fried chicken?
I think it would be so funny to see little poop in the toilet.
It looks like David the Gnome got in there and wrecked your biz.
I would love that.
I would be so excited.
I don't think I'd be able to flush it.
I'd be too stoked.
Aww, look at that little kitty in his biz.
You know the bad part about seeing the kitty poop in the toilet?
What?
Is that you know upon seeing it that you missed the cat shitting in the toilet.
Oh man, he's not gonna do it again tonight.
Oh man, can't believe it.
You think he sits there and reads a little kitty paper?
Little kitty magazine. He's a big fan of Garfield.
I can't understand the amount of work that goes into teaching a cat to do a person thing.
Like using a toilet.
And you can't go the final yard there to cross the 100 yard line into the touchdown area
by forcing them to learn how to operate a very small lever.
You did you did the hard part which was convincing a cat to pee where you wanted them to.
Specifically a big bowl like a big thing.
Like how did you start that?
Like hey cat shit in this room wherever and so they I'll just narrow it down.
It's different places you get shit.
The answer is the bowl.
The question is where does it stop?
Because you can teach your cat to shit in the toilet and then you can teach your cat to flush.
And then well, I guess you should teach a cat to wash its little paws.
And then it's like now please get off to school.
Please go get a job.
I guess I had a joke but you guys can go ahead and do yours first.
It's just these jokes and this question is like
meet the parents kind already dug this one out for us and I don't know that it's and this is gonna be funnier
because they had a long time to sit in a room and figure out fun.
Ben and Robbie De Niro got together and they're like we got three weeks.
Let's think of some really funny stuff to say and we just have to say it right away.
Do it immediately. It's not fair.
Ben Stiller gets all the breaks.
How about a yahoo though?
I love that.
Sorry my eyes stopped opening there for a second.
The road man.
How about this one? It was sent in by Lauren McPherson.
Thank you Lauren. It's yahoo answers user cotton.
That's really their name. Nice.
Cotton asks.
My bed smell bad.
I tried everything I could but the mattress still smell bad.
What can I do?
Mattress smell bad.
Oh man.
My bed smell bad.
I tried everything.
Shoot my bed.
I tried everything.
Big washing machine.
Hose and soap.
Bed smell bad still.
Wet washcloth.
Pine saw.
Tricky car wash.
Risky candle. My bed smell bad.
Risky candles and the bed smell bad.
Wish on star.
Bed smell bad.
Bed smell bad.
Oh man.
Sometimes you stay in a friend's guest room.
And I just did this in Chicago.
So this is not a read on them but.
Bed smell bad.
Bed can smell bad.
And you know it's great.
Bed has sheet bed has pillow bed comfort is great.
It sounds like you're leaving off a certain aspect about bed bed bed smell bad.
Yeah, and you know what bed doesn't spontaneously smell bad.
No like a bed has never just started smelling bad for no reason bed smell bad long time.
Bed smell good forever except human.
You've been made bad smell bad smell bad bad human try bucket for breeze.
Wish on star.
Uh-huh. No good.
Still stink dreams still take dreams.
Extra incense.
Five six bed smell bad.
What can we do about the bed smell bad though?
The bed smell.
What was it?
I think we've tapped it.
We've tapped it, right?
There's no more than me and all the ways bed smell bad smell bad or better.
Does anybody else have any ones they want to kick in?
Bed smell bad.
Bed smell bad.
Tried everything.
Try everything.
That'd be bad.
Well, people are now offering handy suggestions on how to make that.
Yeah, fuck Heloise.
No, I just we're just trying to a comedy show up here the bed smell bad.
How about another question?
I don't care about this bed anymore.
That's the end.
I fucking hate this bed now stupid bed for the last couple of months.
I've spent some of my downtime watching YouTube tutorials on how to do some card tricks.
It was never serious interest but something I could show friends after a couple of tricks.
Okay, so you've been learning how to do card tricks.
Let's just lay it out there.
Let's put the tiger on the table accidentally learn card trick, right?
I was watching them and it turns out picked up a couple things watching other people do card tricks on YouTube.
Yeah, I know one of my friends was so impressed.
He decided to talk his boss into hiring me to perform at their company holiday party.
In a month without my knowledge.
I know about 10 card tricks with about three good ones.
Oh, no, do I take it on and risk embarrassing myself and my friend or do I decline the chance to make some extra cash?
That's from maybe magical in Minneapolis.
Holy shit.
Are you here?
That was the best.
Yeah.
It was a very oh shit.
They just turned into a bunch of doves.
Fuck it's just that like you gave yourself an out in the email, which I appreciate because there's no amount of money.
You could pay me to go somewhere and do bad at magic in front of people.
I do like though.
I didn't think about this and I was going through but now I'm thinking about it hearing Justin read it out loud.
You are considering doing yeah.
Yeah, that's the real problem, isn't it?
Like there is a part of you that's like listen, I know how it's gonna go but it's money.
Just Matt. It's just card tricks.
I feel like you could hire a plant or several.
Yes is sort of like was this your card?
Yeah, it totally was.
And then someone next to him like it was his card.
He's not a plant.
This guy's not a plant.
I came with this dude.
He works at HR, you know, everyone's plans is every single person except the boss.
Can you just take the money you were gonna get for the show and give everybody like $4 and just be like, please be cool.
Here's one consolation if it helps they can pay somebody to do card tricks at a party.
You can't pay me to watch card tricks at a party.
So you there's a very good chance.
He could walk into a room be like hey everybody. I got something everyone can enjoy press the vegetation.
Bye-bye-bye. Bye-bye-bye. There's punch.
Goodbye.
Also, I don't know what this business is, but your friend deserves a raise if he can sell.
Hey, I saw my friend do a card trick so good.
You should pay them to perform at our holiday party.
That's a hard sell.
That's tough.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it.
Table. Four chairs around it.
Say this is very intimate set.
I do intimate close-up magic.
They keep saying the word intimate over and over again.
Yeah, say intimate a lot.
Then you're like if I'm gonna get if I'm gonna get everybody through my set.
I can only do about three tricks.
I'm sorry. I know many more great ones.
Oh, so good. Even better than the ones I'm doing now.
Even better than the ones I do now, but these are my intimate set.
This is my three song intimate set that I can only do with four people.
Then you just turn them through so you don't have to keep it up for 15, 20, 30 minutes.
It's just like five minutes of intimate close-up magic.
Speaking of intimacy, one other thing you could do is introduce some light stripping and erotica.
Like you only need three tricks if each one is preceded by 15 minutes of tasteful erotica.
Justin, is the erotica tied into the show?
Oh, yeah, we're talking about ace of clubs, ace of spades, both pasties.
Like is this your card? Does it even matter anymore?
Is this your card? No, it's not.
That's the jack of diamonds.
I had the three of hearts.
Oh, well, here's my butt.
Is it gonna say my card on your butt?
No. Here's what I can guarantee you.
If you introduce some light tasteful erotica into your office party,
no one afterwards will be commenting about how few tricks you knew.
That is a promise from me to you.
You want a Yahoo?
Sure.
This one was sent in by Stefan Ruby.
Thank you, Stefan. It's Yahoo Answers user Ned Racine.
Oh, last name, too.
Ned asks, invent new sport, bird fishing.
Just right off the bat, can I point out birding then?
That's a different thing.
That's a different thing entirely.
I know, but you can't put fish-ing in there.
Yeah, sure. I'm going deer fishing.
Do you mean... You mean hunting, right?
Just think of it.
Hooking a tough old nasty crow on your line.
Having the bird take to the skies.
Having the drag on your real spewing out line.
Fuck.
Having more fun... Finishing.
Finishing.
Completing. Achieving.
Having more fun than flying a kite as the bird soars into the blue sky.
You nasty, Ned.
You real nasty, Ned.
Finally, like fishing, do the catch and release.
Sounds like a lot of fun.
You could even invent special lures, etc.
Great new sport.
But what would be the open season?
Would there be some species off limits?
Give me your input, please.
Yeah, Ned. I think there will be some species off limits.
Yeah, Ned. There's already some species off limits, Ned.
Did you kill this bald eagle?
No, I did not, officer. I fished it.
I fished it.
Out of the sky.
Gonna eat it, so it's good.
Now it's good and legal.
Oh, Ned. You caught me again.
The problem I have with this, everything about it is great.
Agreed.
And logical and good and right and pure.
But the thing about birds are, they're not smart animals,
but if you as a bird see a worm in the sky,
you are going to know something is up.
A bird, a worm in a lake, a fish thinks like,
oh, it is not your lucky day, fell in the lake.
No swimmy, a chomp, chomp, chomp.
Right.
Unless, bird sees a worm in the sky and thinks like,
look at that magic worm.
I'm not going to let this opportunity pass me by.
I have to know what the magic worm tastes like.
That's a very short-sighted worm though,
because if I was a bird, I would say, go magic worm.
Make others like you for future generations of birds to enjoy.
You make my job so much easier, magic worm.
Do you think that in bird fishing,
you're like the bobber would be like a balloon?
I think a balloon and a worm.
Because you couldn't just like throw it up in the air
and hope that that second was when a bird went.
Travis, you're making this perilously close to a great achievable idea.
Okay, I will say, the balloon really took me,
because like, I'll credit to you,
I was having a trouble with my mind's eye getting the worm up there.
But of course the balloon, excellent.
No, I mean, we're on some busy world of Richard's scary shit for sure.
No, listen, I don't support this, but with a few tweaks.
Yeah, I don't support it,
but I don't know how you can not support this and support fishing.
Because in fishing, you're like, ha ha ha, here's the water worm.
At least this time you're giving this worm the best day ever,
the most unbelievable story of all time.
Yeah.
But here's the problem, and I love that this person in this question is like,
and then you catch and release the bird.
I don't think that's how that's gonna go.
Yeah.
You have plausible deniability when you catch and release a fish,
because it's like, I got him, but don't worry,
I just put a hook through you, but you're free, splash, gone.
And then you don't have to see it.
You don't get that with a bird, unless it's very foggy outside, maybe.
Or you throw it very hard.
And turn around real quick.
Where did you go?
With a fish, you can be like, ah, did you get hooked on some sort of line?
Allow me to help, little aquatic friend.
I can't believe somebody did that to you.
A bird watched you.
And also, a bird doesn't need to run and hide back in water to live.
A bird's just gonna chill there and maybe talk to you about what just happened.
Hey, what the fuck?
What the fuck?
I was here for that whole thing.
Yeah, I saw all of it.
Do not invent new sport bird fishing.
But if you do, the balloon is mine.
We will happily be the announcers if you go pro.
But it will just involve a lot of this.
Oh, no.
Oh, shit, shit.
Oh, that's horrible to watch.
Oh, it's everywhere.
Farm wisdom, farm wisdom.
Get your friend Doug to spray bugs, farm wisdom.
That's right.
Farm wisdom is back tonight only for our friends in Minneapolis.
I didn't even tell.
This is a surprise to them.
I got a whole page here of farm fun facts that I looked up.
And we're just going to talk about farms for a second.
Y'all got farms in Minnesota?
Oh, my God, you're all farmers.
Well, shit.
You all know this already.
Yes, that is true.
That thing you said.
This is a very complete list with a lot of ups and downs.
If something is not funny, we're just going to move on past it.
Okay, but you'll learn something and that's the important thing.
Goats are great companions for other farm animals, including horses, cows, and chickens.
That's a good hang.
That's a good hang right there.
Also, not true.
There are very few animals that will just ram shit.
One mature ewe, a female sheep, produces seven to ten pounds of newly shorn wool a year,
enough to make a man's suit.
Presumably, a very patient man.
Go ahead.
No, it's fine.
Prom's not for another seven months.
I can wait.
Just keep growing it.
Goats were the first animal to be domesticated, according to many historians.
There's no way.
According to some people who don't know shit, like no way.
It wasn't goats.
Trust me.
Pigs are considered the fourth most intelligent animal after chimpanzees, dolphins, and elephants.
Wait, what about humans?
We're not on the list.
Didn't rank.
Here's a good one.
Ow.
Cows can recognize their names.
Fuck you.
But though, though, they may not come when called.
Okay, honestly, list, fuck off.
Sometimes when I say my cow's name, it comes to me.
Sometimes, it doesn't.
How do you, okay, because the only way I could think that this is a fact is that you would say like,
Steven, and the cow would turn and go, no.
No, no, no.
No, man.
Maybe that's just not the cow's name.
Whoa.
Just got a proud cow name that you don't even know about.
What if you just named all your cows cow, right?
It'd be very efficient.
Cow.
When do you ever want just the one cat?
Well, there's a time when you just want the one cow.
Slow cow.
Oh, man.
I gotta stop eating meat.
This fact actually is, this is in sequence, and this fact actually comes at this point.
Female sheep are called ewes.
Yeah, I know.
Could have used that earlier.
That was up the list.
That was earlier.
And that came like, oh shit, did I say it?
I'll add it in.
I'm not going to scroll back up.
Cows have a memory of about three years.
So don't name your cow four years ago.
That's what it is.
Cows have a memory of about three, so you could tell if three years have elapsed, but hey,
do you remember me owing you any money in 2014?
No.
Okay, excellent.
How do you, how the fuck do you know that?
Honestly.
Especially, and I have to say, about three years.
About three years.
Some are more forgetful than others.
Goats are great swimmers.
Goats are fantastic.
Okay.
What cannot goats do?
I don't know that I have a memory of three years.
Yeah.
Yeah, now that I think about it, geese are fateful, and they mate for life, and they
mourn when their partner dies.
Ah, shit.
That's not so much a fact.
It's just like, hey.
And also, devoid, no bummers, Justin.
No bummers.
Cows can sense a storm coming, and will lie down.
Okay, stop, stop.
It is time.
We need a peer review.
Where is this list from, Justin?
It's just farm stuff.
No, my buddy.
I screenshotted it.
I don't know.
I don't have an internet connection anymore.
Can I jump back to the geese are fateful thing?
Yeah, and then I'll jump back to the cows being like, ah, storm coming later.
I think it's great to say, geese are fateful.
All of them.
You know there's nasty geese.
Right, there's the geese out there that's like, listen, when the other geese is away
or whatever.
I don't know, geese, whatever.
But that idea of all, you know, geese will never, never be nasty.
Listen, when you're surrounded by so many of those long, elegant, beautiful, sexy, curved
necks, it is hard not, and those necks they got, they can look all around.
You know geese aren't swans, right?
Like swans aren't geese, geese aren't swans.
Swans are, it doesn't matter.
It's not really playing with me in the space a little bit.
It feels like maybe right now as much as it could be.
We have a room full of farmers here, Griffith.
It's true.
This room is farmers only.
Are you done with your fake list of farm bullshit?
At this point, I do start to worry that the person who wrote this list started to take
their love of goats and sort of delve into fan fiction.
Because the next fact on here is goats have rectangular pupils allowing them to see well
in the dark.
I think that one's actually legit.
That one's legit?
No, they legit have rectangular pupils, but like I thought you were going to say like
Jeremy is the best goat.
I love you Jeremy.
Fact, Jeremy is always there for me.
Jeremy is also faithful and he...
Some wild goats can climb trees and can walk along a ledge, but not much wider than a tightrope.
I like this one because that means at some point a human was watching a goat approach
something terrible and said, let's see where this goes.
You know, you never know.
Let's see how this shakes out.
I also like some wild goats can, some can't.
Some can't.
There's a wild goat try a tree all day.
Nothing's doing.
How will you know the difference?
There's one way to find out.
Not all goats can walk across thin ledges, but eventually all goats will be able to.
Jeremy can fucking do it.
Jeremy the best goat.
Here is another question.
Some friends and I are at my buddy's parents house to stay for the weekend.
Oh, I like this present tense.
Yeah.
I've never been here or met his parents before.
It was a road trip away and 15 minutes after arriving, I went upstairs to use their luxury
rain head shower.
Got that road stink on you.
Unbeknownst to me, the handle was only meant to turn 90 degrees.
I proceeded to turn it 180 in one swift motion, ripping it off the wall.
Currently I'm naked and damp and the shower won't turn off more party guests will be arriving
within the hour.
This is socially awkward.
Defcon one.
What do I do?
And this person has literally just written Derek Brown from Osseo, Minnesota.
So just like, don't even question it.
Derek.
I'm assuming Derek's not here.
Derek cannot be here.
Derek cannot be here.
Someone's parents just heard that and they're like, wait, what?
What?
Oh shit.
You said it was the dog.
Derek, are you here?
He made it out.
Okay.
Oh shit.
There's so many elements at play here.
You could play it off just like, you've got a cool new water feature now.
It's upstairs and inside and forever and forever.
So it just takes the water through the drain and then recycles it back up to the, no, the
utilities are, you would not believe.
Also there's no hot water anywhere else in the house.
How strong are you?
You very strong, Derek?
He's so strong.
Too strong.
That was the, that was the, sorry, weakest delivery of the sentence.
I'm so strong.
Usually it's, I'm so strong.
I am.
No, I am very strong.
Because right now Derek knows that there is only shame in that string.
Yeah.
This is the moment where Hercules just can't control the power and knocks over all the
columns.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
And he's not like, boom, you know, this is set.
Can I ask you something, Derek?
And you don't have to answer.
Wait, listen.
Can we get Derek a mic?
We have a crowd mic or you can come down here.
He's up in the, I think he's up in the balcony.
Wait, wait, wait.
Derek, are you in the balcony or are you on the ground floor?
Okay.
Down here.
Yeah.
If we could get Derek, we have a crowd microphone or you can come down here and you can just
talk into mine.
Whatever.
Derek, where are you friend?
Cause I got it.
We could, we could van, we could talk about whatever garbage we want to, but honestly
we do need to know how this actually shook out.
Okay.
Hey Derek.
Derek, my first, my first question for you is this.
Yeah.
How long did you stand there with the handle in your hand?
That's actually a very good question.
And how long was your, oh no.
See, to be honest, I thought it had been hours as I was standing there, but it was probably
just the mic close to your mouth there.
I have to hear every single.
But not too close, you'll ram it through your face with your incredible strength.
I mean, we have so many suggestions of how you could have done it better, but I do want
to know how this played out so badly.
It was, I stood there long enough that I knew that people were going to start wondering,
wow, he's taken a shower for a long time, which has other sort of sinister, which has
other sinister.
Correct.
Correct.
I was waiting and the handle fell off on the worst part is my friend had another friend
had taken a shower before me and apparently figured it out.
I guess it was fine.
Hey bud.
It doesn't sound like a real heart.
It's not.
Jigsaw puzzle.
Right.
How to not break the shower is not a tough one.
How did you fucking cloak your shit?
I don't know.
Well, I, I FaceTimed my girlfriend and she was like, she was like, she was like, why
are you in the shower?
And I was like, there's no time.
Yeah.
I need help.
So how did you get out of the situation and jumped through the phone?
She was like, just go downstairs and explain and they'll understand.
I was like, are you a crazy person?
Yeah.
I'm not at any sort of solution.
No, that's not it.
I texted my other friend downstairs, who's a plumber, what, what, what now?
A plumber.
There's a plumber.
Your friend's a plumber.
That's the only right answer.
He turned, he figured out how to turn off the water.
Well that's anti-climactic and his, apparently the bathroom was like his mom's like sanctuary
area and I, she's never going to forgive me.
Now it's got a waterfall.
Enjoy your relaxation, Debra.
Correct.
I made it steamy permanently in there.
Forever.
Forever.
So did you ever admit to it or did you figure out a way to reaffix the handle?
I tried to fix the handle and it didn't work and I shamefully admitted to it.
And now are you and your friend's mom like best friends?
I don't know about best friends.
Was she angry at you?
She wasn't.
You didn't do it on purpose.
Derek, Derek, I don't want to lie here.
How did Debra react to you breaking the shower?
She was, she said it was okay, but it wasn't okay.
Okay.
Yes, he has.
That's correct.
Everybody, big hand for Derek, everyone.
Well folks.
One time, one time, one time we were in Florida and we were staying with our uncle Dave and
uncle Dave was psyched about the new screen doors he had in his Florida house.
Keep that in mind.
I've probably told this story on the podcast before, but I saw a golf cart in his driveway
and I got real excited.
Also the video game Grand Theft Auto 3 had just come out.
I saw the golf cart and I yelled, Grand Theft Auto.
I jumped through the screen door and not on purpose, it wasn't like Griffin saw the screen
door and thought, I'm going to jump through that.
No, I saw the golf cart and I thought, Grand Theft Auto.
I jumped through it and my uncle Dave said it was okay, but it was not okay.
Folks, we are going to take a break during which time you can go relieve yourself, go
refresh yourself.
That's what we're going to do.
Straight up.
Got to purchase the posters.
There's posters out in the lobby.
Made by Steven Sugar.
They're fucking beautiful and wonderful and we love them so much.
So go buy those and get your questions ready and please have real questions and we love
you very much and we will see you in a few minutes.
We love you.
Hey everybody, this is Griffin McElroy, Sweet Baby Brother.
Thank you so much for listening to our live show.
This was our show for Minneapolis from the Midwest tour that we just got back from yesterday.
Sorry for the late episode.
We were all traveling yesterday and so here it is today.
If you came out to these shows, thank you so much.
We had a lot of fun except for the part where, well, I'm about to do a stunt in the second
half of this show.
So if you hear a bit where everybody starts laughing at me for no reason, it's because
of the very cool and very brave stunt.
Anyway, I'm going to tell you about some of our advertisers and then let you get back
to the rest of the show.
Our first advertiser is Casper.
Casper is a sleep brand that continues to revolutionize its line of products to create
an exceptionally comfortable sleep experience one night at a time.
They offer affordable prices because Casper cuts out the middleman, sells directly to
the customer.
We have a Casper mattress in our guest room and nursery and it is really, really comfortable.
I've slept on it a few times and whenever we've had guests over who've slept in the
bed, we get rave reviews.
Four stars.
Out of four.
That's a 100% perfect score.
Anyway, Casper brand mattresses combine multiple supportive memory foams for a quality sleep
surface with the right amount of both sink and bounce.
You can be sure of your purchase with Casper's 100 night risk-free sleep on it trial.
Start sleeping ahead of the curve with Casper.
Get $50 towards any mattress purchase by going to Casper.com slash my brother and using promo
code my brother at checkout.
Terms and conditions, they do apply.
I also want to tell you about Lyft.
That's L-Y-F-T, the ride sharing service.
Lyft drivers can earn hundreds of dollars a week plus tips.
In fact, Lyft was the first ride share program with tipping built right into the app.
As a driver, you keep 100% of the tips and happy drivers means happy passengers.
You can join the ride sharing company that believes in treating its people better.
Just go to Lyft.com slash brother today and you can also get a $500 new driver bonus.
That's Lyft.com slash brother.
One last time.
Lyft.com slash brother, limited time only, terms, they also apply here.
I have a Jumbotron message.
This one is for Future Justin and it's from Past Justin who says, Dear Future Justin,
congrats on getting the hell out of the Navy.
I hope you aren't wasting it with that dank kush and video games.
I hope you are.
Get out there and do some good for this world.
P.S.
I bet you wish you had these 100 smackers right now, don't you?
Too bad.
You should have talked me out of it.
Suck it, Past Justin.
I don't know if this is our first Jumbotron to feature a prominent suck it and a self
suck it too, which is impressive.
But yeah, hey, current, present Justin, get out there and be the change, I think.
Here's another Jumbotron message.
This one is for Band, spelled B-E-R-N-D.
There's some helpful pronunciation tips here as well as the information that he's Austrian
so and that helpful tidbit comes from Amanda who says, pretend for a second this is the
adventure zone where it would be more fitting for me to commemorate and thank you for our
many adventures together from pillow fort snuggles to exercising you in the park.
To exercising you in the park?
Do you mean doing exercise or to get a demon anyway?
To not dying on your motorcycle.
Smell you later.
Or ideally sooner, maybe on my side of the pond this time.
That is a very sweet message and I'm sorry you couldn't get it on adventure zone.
It's a very competitive market right now and with the economy the way it is, something,
something, something, the economy.
I think that's it.
We sure do appreciate you listening to the episode.
We are gonna try really hard to get a new episode recorded for next Monday so we don't
do two live shows back to back again but with the holiday this weekend and folks are traveling,
I'm not 100% on that but we're gonna try really, really hard to get a new episode for you next
Monday.
I think that's it.
Oh, so when we come back after the promo for our fellow MaxFun podcast here after the break,
we lost a little bit of the recording but we are just gonna jump right into the middle
of a, spoiler alert, a haunted doll watch and it's a very good haunted doll watch and
we hope you enjoy it and we'll talk to you next Monday, bye.
I'm Bez.
And I'm Teresa.
And we host the weekly comedy podcast, One Bad Mother.
We celebrate our moments of parenting genius.
As well as our failures.
Just like, we're gonna have hot dogs and I'm like, no, we're having fun, everybody loves
hot dogs and it just like smashes that thing right on my chest and then I'm just crying
in the middle of like kids space while people are like literally dancing with their children.
Parenting can be sad and painfully funny at the same time.
So join us each week as we admit that this is hard but we're getting really good at it.
Visit us at Maximumfun.org or wherever you download podcasts.
How tall is the doll again, Juice in inches?
48 inches.
That's a lot of inches, holy shit, okay.
That's a lot of doll.
She's from the 1800s, uncertain of exact year.
She sustained a foot injury from a bad fall.
Your doll broke.
It wasn't injured.
Wait, no, this is important.
When they say from the 18th century, the doll.
The doll of the ghost.
I don't know.
Her foot remained broken and it is the same to this day.
So translation, the doll's foot did break and I did not fix it.
You cannot notice due to her beautiful long Victorian dress.
Oh, I'll notice.
The doll's foot is broken, I didn't fix it but you won't notice.
But it's cool.
You're not gonna bring this on Haunted Antiques Roadshow and they're gonna miss the foot.
I always suggest leave a vessel as is for there's a reason and you'll upset her.
You're lazy.
Well, here's the thing.
My worry is with the broken foot, the ghost is just gonna leak out the bottom.
You can hear her roam the hall and hear her drag her foot.
Now you're building it into the character.
And you know what?
It's better because her foot's broken.
It's even better than other ones you have.
I broke it on purpose.
She may enter your bedroom at night and touch your face.
Okay, what's great about this is y'all reacted.
She won't.
She won't.
It's a doll.
But y'all were like, well, no, no, up till now.
She might.
It gets better.
She may enter your bedroom at night, touch your face, it will feel like a spiderweb.
Is that better or worse than it feeling like a haunted small porcelain hand?
It will feel like a spiderweb.
Also, in what way?
Very lightly because she is captivated by human life form to a wild way of phrasing
that.
Actually, it's just her going, fix my foot, please.
She has such great beauty.
She could have any man she wanted and was lucky with love.
But don't let me read this entire sentence because you're going to be very tempted to
get in here.
Please let me read the entire sentence.
Her witchy ways, her beautiful eyes, her hair, clothing, jewelry and her body lifelike.
She is a designer doll and has real looking breasts.
I have never owned a vessel or doll that looked like this, meaning real.
She is shown on the Victorian couch in the same old house I found her and where I heard
her cries.
I can't believe there's more.
Her clothing alone is very expensive.
Also to mention her true to life look and build.
She is a true companion.
We get it.
We get it.
It's a fucking thing.
It's a fuck thing.
You want to fuck a ghost.
We get it.
Have I made it clear?
Exquisite.
This is one of three that I have and decided to let her go to another good home.
That's a cool house you have.
What a cool, enjoyable house you have to live in.
She has many talents and can help you with most anything.
They're not fucking automatons.
You don't get one of these fucking things for sweeping, right?
Do you think at this point like his wife walked in like, what are you typing?
Like, I'm selling you, dear.
She is very active.
Once again, I warn you.
Once you look into her eyes.
Very sexy.
I got to warn you.
Once you look into her eyes, you will be captured by her beauty.
She is breathtaking.
I know once you see her, you will want her.
Holy shit.
If she is meant for you, she will stay in your mind and perhaps she will enter your
dreams and you will not get her off your mind, man or woman.
I feel like we started a bit at the beginning of this read and this person heard us do that
and they decided to yes and however many weeks ago, yes and us with their doll.
I just hope that three brothers read this listing.
Once again, she is true to size.
A four foot per, I mean, yeah, I guess, yeah, sure.
Beautiful clothing, glass eyes, beautiful jewelry made of porcelain, vintage.
Just like a human being.
Real clothing, glass eyes, glass eyes, beautiful jewelry made of porcelain, vintage and her
defective foot.
You cannot see it.
Made of porcelain, vintage and her defective foot, but you cannot see it.
You will not notice her foot, but you will notice her breasts.
God in heaven.
She is one of a kind.
For sure.
She's one of three, it sounds like.
The other two's feets ain't breaking.
Whoa, that sentence was bad.
I want you to really listen to me for this next paragraph, okay?
Really listen.
I can't, Justin.
It's the end, but I want you to like really think about it.
She is one of a kind for sure.
Ask yourself, do you want her?
Do you need her?
Do you want love?
Only you will know, she is sold as is and beautiful.
So that's the haunted doll watch for this week.
We can never do this bit again.
You all may have just heard the last haunted doll watch.
What a momentous occasion.
I can't imagine a doll watch better than, listen, this doll's super haunted and super
stacked.
Check it.
Check it.
You won't even notice the foot.
Can I tell you the terrible truth?
I read the first paragraph of that and thought, yeah, it seems good.
It's a Babe Ruth called shot, pointed the outfield.
Okay.
All right, we're going to start picking people for this part.
Please stay in your seats and be cool.
If you could lower us, like our lights about 30% so we can see and bring those house lights
just all the way up.
Because it's real hard to find people sometimes.
Yeah.
Just give me a full house.
Okay.
God, there are like, there's a lot of people in here.
If we could get even more house and less us, it would help us because right now I just
see sort of a bunch of overcast faces.
I know that you are not normally tasked with illuminating the audience.
That's not really what the lights are built for.
Um, okay, this person here with, I think it's a green long sleeve shirt.
It looks like.
Yeah.
And yeah, you, where should that, sorry.
Where are the microphones?
Where should they go to?
Once they, uh, there's one on the right, one on the left.
Uh, okay.
Over on this side, uh, there's somebody with a white, uh, short sleeve shirt that's bouncing
up and down and you're celebrating.
You're standing.
Yes.
Yes.
You.
Yes.
You.
You just sit up and celebrate.
Sit down.
Right there.
Right there.
Code to the microphone.
Oh, you're worrying me already.
Okay.
I seem like you also have already begun to hear are the rules.
Um, we're going to hear your name and hear your question and it's going to be a question
that we can help with.
Remember the funny story that ends with your last chance to sit down and, uh, we will choose
the one that we can help the most, not the best anecdote about whatever, just the one
we can help the most.
Okay.
And also if we don't pick yours, it doesn't mean your question wasn't good.
No.
It just means that we can't help you because we're dinguses.
Yeah.
Uh, let's start over here.
Hi, what's your name?
Uh, hi, my name's Ryan.
Hi, Ryan.
What's your question, Ryan?
Uh, so my dad won't stop, uh, texting me animated gifts and then asking me for my feedback in
person.
And I don't know what to say to him.
Okay.
That one's very simple, but relatable.
That's very good.
Uh, what is it?
Is that, that's the end?
Okay.
That's the end of the question.
What's your name and your question?
Danielle.
Hi, Danielle.
Sorry.
Yeah.
It amplifies it.
Yeah.
Shoots it all over this big room.
Even louder.
Yeah.
Uh, what is your question, Danielle?
Um, I work in a nice restaurant and, uh, in an ice restaurant, a nice restaurant, nice
restaurant.
Okay.
I don't do anything besides stick a candle in the desserts, but sometimes I'm asked to
sing because I am studying to be a professional singer.
Okay.
Shit.
So, so sometimes I sing for a guest, but sometimes it's during rush and the entire floor gets
quiet.
And then the next guest wants me to sing happy birthday too.
So how do I stop the chain of snowballing happy birthdays?
Ah, listen, y'all, both your lives are ruined.
We're going to be sorting through rubble either way.
Damn.
These are both really good.
Yeah.
That's really good.
Let's, can we help out?
We can help out.
Cause I think we can help you very fast, very fast.
I don't actually, I was hoping you could.
I'm sorry if you're, if you're listening at home
if you're listening at home, I just did a finishing joke to Griffin.
A very big bee got on the stage and went for my beloved brother Travis.
Just deathly allergic.
I fought the bee and I won, but I farted while I was doing it.
That's right.
Everybody laughed very big.
Griffin fell.
Griffin fell slowly and of his own accord.
Okay.
Okay.
Paul.
Earlier, Paul, earlier you offered me ibuprofen backstage.
I would love some right now.
Okay.
I think what you.
I bought you two dipshits a lot of time to think of a good answer.
So dad texts you a gift.
You then, when you see him next, I want you unprompted to pull out a legal pad that you
have seven pages of notes applied.
And I want you to go beat by beat methodically and go, and another thing I think you could
do better with your gifts and really get in there.
Tell your dad he's ready for Tumblr.
Say these are great gifts and I'm ready for you to start Tumblr.
Then get the link to the Tumblr.
Then send me the link to enjoy your dad's gifts.
I hope that helps you very much.
Thank you.
Three fucking ibuprofen, Paul.
Let's party.
This is our fucking behind the music, Griffin.
Things went bad for Griffin.
Things already went bad for Griffin.
He fought the big bean.
He found his vertigo unable to control.
He turned to using drugs on stage.
So people make you sing.
Can you get some sort of hose peripheral that you just put right up here and then lead directly
to their mouth, their ear or their mouth.
And feed them cake like a mama bird.
I would do the, if Mariah Carey would sing into a hose into my mouth and then make it
sing like I was singing her beautiful voice.
My head's not going to work good for the rest of them.
I actually, I miss, because I see this in movies all the time and TV shows and I've
never seen it happen in real life, like the piano just in the middle of the thing and
like a singer who just like, not like a band that performs, but just like that's what this
restaurant is and everyone's there apparently to see this happen.
So I say you just lean into it and he just like, this happy birthday song is for everybody.
Full blown la la land.
No that sucks.
But the song I sing is only happy birthday?
Well does it have to be?
You're going to have to do your own spin on it, right, where you just like make it really
long because that's what people love.
When the birthday song goes on forever and people are like, yeah more, keep going, slower.
Sing the secret second verse of the happy birthday song.
All the extra stuff with like Scooby Doo and all that.
Oh yeah.
Exactly.
Yeah, and more.
But make it last like seven minutes long.
Nobody will want to hear that again I feel like.
Oh, I got it.
Start offering people a choice.
They can have a free dessert or the song, but not both.
You'll never have to sing the song.
Can you get someone to come out and like put a cape on you after like James Brown used
to?
Like, no, she can't sing anymore.
She can't.
Listen, you heard it.
We put the cape on.
It's over.
That's the end of it.
We need that by the way.
I would love that.
Or a neck brace.
Did we help?
Yes.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Nice.
All right, let's go more middle this time.
Somebody has a top hat over here.
Sorry, this top hat.
The fact that multiple people applauded for the top hat is like, what's up my brother,
my brother, my listeners.
Go left.
Yeah, stage left.
Okay, right here.
This way, this way, this way.
Yeah, you got it.
Right here, you're wearing glasses.
You're here to have a blue shirt that perhaps is denim and maybe yes, please stand up.
Yes, it's you.
Yes.
Come on down.
All right, you're stage right.
You're wearing glasses.
That was the worst injury we sustained during a live show before, right?
Easily top five, at the very least.
Oh, shit.
That's not just any top hat.
Your cosplaying is Griffin from episode two of my brother, my brother and me.
Now available on VRV.com.
VRV.co.
All six episodes available.
That fucking rules.
It's really good.
What is your name?
My name is Anna.
Hi Anna.
And Anna, what is your question?
I work at a job that I hate and I want to quit, but I can't get my vacation benefits
until I hit a year and that's six weeks away.
Okay.
And my boss, I think senses this and is trying to like get me to quit before then by being
like, you seem really unhappy.
So how do I beat her?
I love that.
We don't get the adversarial ones enough.
That's awesome, Anna.
Thank you.
What is your name?
I'm Katie.
Hi Katie.
Who are you trying to thwart?
Security here.
No, we have, my boyfriend got us a season tickets to the Broadway shows that come here.
Okay.
And our seats are actually where we're sitting tonight, which is convenient.
Because my question is what is the best way to hide snacks here for when we come to the
show?
Yes.
In the chandelier.
Hypothetically.
I want to do that one just so I can reference heavyweights a lot.
Anna thank you so much.
I don't think we can help you enough.
Just like, just like chill.
That one's easy though.
Just like chill.
Chill and don't get fired, Anna.
You can do it.
I'll play out without last.
Right.
So your first order of business is going to be disguised because you have been spotted
by the theater officers.
They have your name.
I'm looking.
Yes.
They're putting your picture on a bulletin board.
Listen, the first obvious choice is going to be like slid open the seat.
So the canning.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
This is a mistake.
But don't do that.
This is a mistake for a lot of reasons.
First of all, you're going to put your butt on your food.
Like this is not great.
But also there's a lovely theater you shouldn't go to.
Maybe just like tape it to the bottom of the seat.
I know that's pretty easy, but is that cool?
I'm looking around at the security.
Do y'all check for it?
No, no, no.
I'm going to, I'm going to begin to shake it head no.
All right.
But serious questions.
Security forces.
Do y'all actually check for that?
They're shaking head yes.
Wow.
That's thorough team.
What don't you check for?
Yeah.
I almost fell over again.
Oh, hell no.
Now it's real.
Now there's nothing holding up your back.
Right.
But my instinct won't be to lean back anymore.
Can you give Katie some sort of like pass, some sort of snack, all you can eat snack
pass.
How much would they have to bribe you before you let them bring bribery bribery.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
But like one snack for you, one snack for them kind of thing.
You know what I mean?
Would that work?
No.
I'm seeing a shaking head.
No.
Again.
That's another no.
You haven't had like you were a kid that if they bribe a Mars bar, holy shit.
I don't know why I'm focusing on just, I mean, could you borrow their top hat?
Cause that's just a lot of snack potential.
You could get four summer sausages up in that thing.
Just four.
I mean maybe more summer sausages depending.
I mean, if you go full Jamiroquai, we're talking about eight to nine summer sausages.
What you need to do is tape the snacks now to the seats now, but don't eat them now later.
Pick them up.
So they're already there waiting for you.
Your seats are saved, right?
Just magnet them to there like people do with the car keys.
And can I recommend now and laters?
Perhaps a now and later or something non-perishable along those lines.
Or maybe like tape them to your body, you know, like.
I don't think that there's a good retrieval path for that.
That is true.
In the middle of it.
Do you hear the people sing this song?
Does that help?
We'll see you in two weeks when we come back for that.
Thank you.
I'm going to turn my chair back around now because this is deeply uncomfortable.
Could you convince them that it's a Rocky Horror kind of thing?
Like every time we see songs for a new world, we throw Raisinets at this one part.
So I got to bring them in.
I bet Sigourney would be like, oh, cool.
We love when you throw stuff at the stage.
So good.
All right.
Okay.
Let's go.
Remember you really everybody's doing good so far.
Let's keep the streak alive.
There's a person with a red toboggan pointing at somebody else.
Yeah.
You like, I don't know, like 10 rows back.
Yeah.
You just took your toboggan off and now you're pointing at somebody.
Yeah.
You're pointing at yourself.
There we go.
This is the most.
You are stage left.
And then on the right side.
Okay.
Right there.
I think you have on a pink, pink shirt and you have like, yeah, you just turned your
head to look behind.
Yes, you.
Yes, you.
You're pointing at your own face.
We should have started with you already 30 seconds ago.
Sorry.
My name is Becky.
Hi Becky.
My question is if you could give me advice on good topic starters when I'm meeting new
people because I was told the ones I do are inappropriate.
Well, I got to hear, well, well, no, hold those hostage.
Don't tell us.
Don't tell us.
Okay.
Make us ask for it.
Give me a sneak preview of their viability for a podcast that people listen to.
I misunderstood what goes into a prostate exam.
All right, all right, all right, all right.
I think we're going to get along great.
What is your name?
Violet.
Violet.
Hi.
Get right up on that mic.
Violet.
Okay.
Thank you.
Oh, what is your question, Violet?
So I got a new roommate this year and it's fine, but she has a lot of cups and mugs in
assorted drinking devices.
Like I counted, it's about 30.
It takes up-
Can we bring Violet's mic up just a little bit because I need to hear a lot more about
cups and mugs.
It takes up two of our shelves in the cabinet.
I only own two mugs and they barely fit.
Yeah.
What do I do to these mugs?
How should I get rid of her cups or-
Okay.
All right.
I love that one very much.
Real quick.
How do you think a prostate exam works?
And then we're going to do a deep dive on the mugs.
Do you know the phrase, I hope he has small hands?
Okay.
Yeah.
I presume that because they're talking about the whole hand.
Oh my God.
The whole hand.
Oh God.
Like a muppet scenario?
Yeah.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
You're a wonderful person and I'm glad you're on earth.
They have to check the weight of the prostate and the ripeness.
Not ready yet.
Okay.
So my first question is why do you still own two mugs?
Because it sounds like you're good.
Sounds like you could probably get rid of those pretty easily to start with.
How novel are the mugs?
Yeah.
Is that like a mug collection?
My mugs or her mugs?
Whose mugs?
Their mugs.
If they have 30 mugs, they must love all.
There's a story behind each one.
No, I think she just picked them up at yard sales and then the rest are like Facebook
mom quotes about coffee.
Okay.
Fuck.
Oh boy.
Um, okay.
Are there any that are duplicates that she has more than one of?
No.
God damn it.
All original.
What if those were, I was going to shatter those.
You were going to shatter those.
You know what?
Here's the problem.
They're not like in one space on two shelves.
Yes.
Two mugs spread throughout the kitchen.
Just mugs everywhere.
But just enough that if someone looks in one cabinet, they're like, that's an appropriate
amount of mugs.
Unless they open all your cabinets in your house, at which point they're robbing you.
And then some mugs are going to go away and you're fine.
Oh, so you got robbed.
Yeah.
That'll get you out a lot of roommate pickles.
Uh, I mean, you could spend a whole day smashing 30 mugs or you could just smash the one coffee
maker.
Well, I don't need these anymore.
Because of an advertiser that pulled out of your favorite conservative news talk show.
Topical when we use this episode in February.
Yeah.
What the fuck are they even talking about?
What did Mr. Coffee do now?
Um, sometimes I like to store bacon grease in a mug because if you pour it down the drain,
it'll clog the drain.
So maybe you could just start cooking a lot of bacon.
You can also then later use it for like for making gravy.
It's not perfect for making gravy or if you want to take some out and put it, hey, Thanksgiving
tip.
That's coming up.
Maybe you put a little bacon grease on the skin.
That's real nice.
You're going to like that a lot.
It's not a joke.
Not especially funny is the only problem.
It's not a joke.
Just let me try this Thanksgiving.
Can you form it?
He's laughing because they're typing it into Evernote right now.
Like, do not forget.
Can you make a mug friend out of all these mugs named Muggsy and you can't take Muggsy
apart.
I love Muggsy and it won't be on your shelves anymore.
Be in your living room filling up a whole chair and you can play games with Muggsy and
watch television with your new best friend, Muggsy.
What video game would you play with Muggsy?
Bubs.
Bubsy.
Oh, shit.
Cuphead.
That's what I was going for.
God damn it.
Here's the thing.
One of the things you.
Oh, I love Muggsy though.
Are you going to play with Muggsy or are you going to do a different joke?
When my daughter makes slime, she only likes to make it.
She doesn't like to play with it.
So I'll take it and I'll put it in what I like to think of as slime purgatory.
So it's hidden on a shelf and if she notices in three days, then she gets it back.
If she doesn't notice, it's straight in the trash.
So try that with mugs.
So you just take one mug and hide it and if she doesn't notice that one, then you throw
it in the trash and you just keep repeating that.
And eventually she's like, I could have fucking sworn I own 30 mugs.
Why don't I own six?
Unless.
Unless.
Unless she likes to put them all on the floor, jump into them like a Scrooge McDuck.
Are you okay?
I think, I think when my vertebra, the one that carries coherent thoughts from my brain
to the rest of my body has dissolved.
Did we help?
I'm sorry, what?
No, we didn't.
Sit down.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
And thank you to you.
Really think about Muggsy though.
Really think about Muggsy.
There's a lot of meat on them bugs.
Thank you to the Orpheum for having us.
We're going to wrap up here.
You can bring the lights down.
Justin doesn't just start thanking people in the middle of, he's a very grateful dude.
Yeah.
You can bring the house lights down.
Thank you so much.
And bring ours like way back up.
So it can just be the shining glittering stars.
Thank you to you all so much for coming and this has been so fun and Minneapolis, you
are like the literal best and we love you so much.
Thank you.
You've been so kind to us and this has been super duper fun.
Thank you to CAA for helping us book the show and thank you to Paul for giving me the message
earlier.
Thank you to Paul.
Check out the music of Paul and Storm.
And you can sail away with Paul and Travis and dad on the JoCo Cruise.
And other people.
And other people.
It's not just the three of them on a boat they stole.
JoCoCruise.com.
Go check it totally out.
Thank you to our dad for doing our intro for us.
That is.
Thank you to AEG and the Orpheum.
The Orpheum.
Thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Now go check out all the other amazing shows at Maximumfun.org.
If you haven't got a poster yet, get yourself one of them.
Steve, yeah, they're great.
Now the way this show normally wraps up is Griffin reads a Yahoo answer and then we think
about it and then we come back to it next week and answer, provide our answers to it.
So Griffin, do you have one more Yahoo?
I do.
Okay.
Let's go ahead and hear that.
I've got an ice cube I'm working through right now.
I'm worried about our brother.
This one was sent in by level 9,000 Yajoo Drew, Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's from Anonymous.
The secret hacker organization asks in one collective booming voice, a psychic told me
I had a connection to cats and a cat planet.
It started with a T, but I can't remember the name of it.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
I'm here with my brother, may kiss your dad square on the lips.
Hey everyone, Freddie Wong, Matt Arnold, and Will Campos here to tell you about Story Break,
a writer's room podcast where every week we, the Hollywood geniuses behind video game
high school have one hour to turn a humble idea into an awesome movie.
Thrill as we weave the tragic tale of Jar Jar, a Star Wars story.
We're going to double down on everything that made the prequels great.
Jar Jar, trade federation, politics.
Gasp as we assemble a pantheon of heroes for the Kellogg's cinematic universe.
And join us as we make fun of Matt as he struggles to name a single Beyonce song.
Find out by joining us in the writer's room every Thursday on Maximumfun.org or wherever
you get your podcasts.
