If you change your mind on the first in line Honey I'm still free take a chance on me
If you need me let me know I'm gonna be around If you got no place to go when you're feeling down
If you're all alone when the pretty birds have flown
Oh friends, dear, dear friends, we're here again, gathered around the internet to talk about life.
It's my brother, my brother, and me, NBNBA and the Mamba.
I am Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy. Who's everyone rooting for in the 2010 World Cup?
Honduras!
Really?
Yeah.
I'm, I'm rooting for America.
Yeah, that's the correct answer. Thank you, Travis.
Okay.
I don't think it matters. I've been loosely following it through everyone's tweets and Facebooks and Friendster updates and it sounds like every game is just tying.
So far the score for the World Cup is four to four.
What I've decided is not to root for anyone because if I make a choice I am rooting for soccer and that goes against everything I believe in.
So if you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice.
This is an advice show for the modern era.
We take your questions, we answer them.
If you want to learn how to get your question answered by us, stay tuned at the end of the show.
We will provide that information.
Our first question comes to us from Mike.
He writes from Gmail.
He says, I'm in a bit of a pickle.
Oh, Mike, that sounds bad.
I live in Columbus, Ohio where our annual community festival or ComFest is held every year on the last weekend of June.
I look forward to ComFest every year and it's usually the highlight of my summer.
Unfortunately, this year my family is planning a family reunion in Kentucky during the ComFest weekend.
I'm thinking of skipping the reunion in favor of ComFest at risk of disappointing my moms.
Do I fake sick?
Should I just suck it up and go to the reunion?
Oh, Mikey.
Dude, you can't skip.
You can't skip ComFest.
Did you guys see the ComFest lineup this year?
Who they got?
Who's blowing it up?
Oh my God.
On the main stage.
They got Black Diamond.
They're on Who.
They've got Major Lazer.
Okay.
Girl Talk.
It's basically, they're replicating.
Are you making this up?
They're replicating the Burning Man 2007 lineup, which is a gold.
That was the best one.
That was totally the best one.
ComFest looks bomb this year.
That's what we're saying.
What's the lineup at the family reunion?
Lineup at the family reunion is Uncle David.
That's pretty much it.
It's just Uncle David and his banjo.
No, fuck that.
Go to ComFest, dude.
I mean, your Uncle David's a competent banjo player, but you really can't, he's no Major Lazer.
You'll be surprised at how quickly you'll forget about a bad family reunion, but if
something crazy goes down at ComFest.
Have you thought about maybe merging the two events and inviting your family to ComFest?
Be like, Uncle Dave's rolling on Molly over in the cool down tent.
There's one important part here that we're forgetting, disappointing his mom, which makes
me think it's not really your decision, Mike.
You might feel like it is, but it's not.
This has already been made for you, Mike.
Have you considered kidnapping yourself?
Oh, shit.
Where did Mike go?
He was kidnapped to ComFest.
I've always wanted to do that.
Black Diamond took him with his music.
If I had to live like I was dying, like Tim McGraw says, that would be the only thing
I would do is pretend to have myself kidnapped.
That's a good plan.
It works.
No skydiving, no Rocky Mountain climbing.
Mike, have yourself kidnapped.
Nationwide manhunt.
It'll be a family reunion, but it'll be a family reunion based around praying for your
swift release.
Just make sure that Denzel Washington isn't your bodyguard or else he'll probably kill
a lot of innocent people trying to find you.
Oh, man.
I got to watch that movie.
Dope movie.
I want to watch that right now.
I'm getting off the podcast.
I'm going to go watch that on fire.
An anonymous user on FormSpring asks, I like my best guy friend, but I'm 95% sure he doesn't
like me like that.
What do I do?
Well, I'm 95% sure you shouldn't do anything.
You know, we get a lot of questions like that, and that is your boilerplate answer.
Where is your romanticism, Travis?
I think that love conquers all.
Love is all.
But this is like saying, I really want to eat a peanut butter sandwich, but I'm 95%
sure I'm allergic to peanuts.
Well, that's a pretty hardy risk there to take.
You know what I mean?
Risks are made to be took.
Plans are made to be broken.
If it is truly your best guy friend, then don't fuck that up.
I am a romantic.
Swallow those feelings.
Bottle them up.
Yeah, if you're 95% sure, what has he done to you?
That means he spends 95% of the time you guys spend together, giving you the distinct impression
that he would not want to spend his life loving, laughing, living, and learning with you.
Sarah, I'm having such a great time hanging out, but I would never ever date you, you
cow.
I would never want to convert this to anything romantic, Sarah.
Don't try and transform this into romance, you big animal.
No, I just want to know if you want to go to the snow cone place.
Listen, don't make this about you.
I said no strings.
You should get a boyfriend that's not me, because, oh, I retched a little just even
thinking about it.
I just retched on my chucks.
You are a great friend, but a disgusting person.
Cow.
I am sick when I look at you.
I've sickened, I'm the last single guy in my circle of friends, not me, and this is
Warm Spring again, and I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that all their wives slash girlfriends
profoundly dislike me.
What can I do to cope with the awkward tension of any social gathering with my bros and
their hoes?
Don't.
Well, here's the suggestion.
You want them to like you more.
God, man, from the jump.
Let me help you.
Don't say hoes.
Yeah.
Go ahead and avoid that.
Stop saying hoes, and then pack your bags and move away.
You're not wanted there.
Imagine this.
One of the next questions we get is like, I love all my friends, and they have a great
group of girlfriends, and we're all really close, but every once in a while, this zilch
comes around.
None of us like.
How do we awkwardly tell them to pack his bags and move away?
This guy sounds like a real Dupree.
Owen Wilson.
What I love about the question is he doesn't say, what can I do to stop the awkward tension?
He says, what can I do to cope with it?
I know it's going to be there.
I accept.
Ladies, I know this is weird.
I get it.
Let's ride it out.
I know I'm a terrible person, and you hate me, but let's just deal with it.
Yahoo Answers user Mr. Stinky Booty asks, do I even need to anymore?
No, keep going.
He asks, my mom won't let me have a gun yet, and I want to hunt stuff.
Can I just use an ax or a machete?
Yes, you can.
Oh my god.
Coolest kid ever.
Okay, there's some problems to address.
One is the ambiguity, I think is the main problem.
It's not that he, it's not the spore of hunting.
It's that he doesn't need to kill, and he wants to kill stuff.
Just whatever homes into his field of vision.
He's going to kill it.
I have to imagine that he's a younger person.
By the way, I refreshed the page to see if any good answers had come up,
and he has changed his name in the interim from when I loaded the page to when I refreshed the page
from Mr. Stinky Booty to True Survivor, which I think is pretty awesome.
To Dr. Stinky Booty.
He must have had a rough afternoon.
I think if he is a child, I would say eight years old,
if you can manage to catch an animal in the wilderness and kill it with an ax,
then I think he should be allowed to do that because it would be a real growing experience.
Well, if he's eight, what kind of liberal mom has he got that's not letting him get a gun?
His index finger is working just fine.
He needs to kill stuff.
He needs to kill.
And when you need something, that's a responsibility.
Take living, breathing creatures and turn them into a pile of organic material.
Just start that degrading process.
Hey, Food Size More wants to know on Twitter, he asked us,
is it ever appropriate to ask out your cute barista?
Rarely.
If you can accept that you're the 20th person that day to do it.
Yeah, cute barista is like begging for it.
Yeah.
I think that there's something very safe about asking somebody who's in a service position.
It's almost kind of creepy.
They're already bringing you coffee, so maybe go off menu and ask them for their hand.
I think it's a little weird.
I'll take a date with you.
Can I get a grande dinner and a movie?
That's pretty good.
Here's the thing to keep in mind, she's getting paid to be nice to you,
so it gets into a tricky kind of, is she really being nice to me,
or is she doing her job kind of thing, and it's too precarious.
I think it's too dangerous.
I think we may have actually had this exact question in a prior episode.
I think our answer then was, are you good looking?
Yes.
Are you a good looking dude?
It's always appropriate.
And it's always okay.
When she asks you your name to put on the cup, say Mr. Stinky Booty,
and then if she continues talking to you, she must really like you.
9micor9, what?
Yeah, you got it.
Okay, 9micor9 from Twitter says,
My friend Arthur has never been in a fight and always complains about it when he's intoxicated.
Should I punch him in the face?
Oh shit, we got the best game for you, dude.
You and your friend Arthur need to play Lockjaw.
Yeah.
Lockjaw.
Here's what you do.
You go to Arthur.
You guys have both been drinking.
You put your fist six inches, this is important, from his face.
Then you say, Lockjaw, Lockjaw, Lockjaw, like that.
And say it three times to give him plenty of warning for what's going to happen.
And then you pop him.
You pop him in the jaw.
Now here's the important thing to think about this game is you take turns.
Right.
You are going to get it back.
So whatever you dole out, you will get back to you.
I think Arthur's problem isn't that he's never been punched in the face.
Because I think everyone in some way has been punched in the face.
I think there's a difference between the controlled environment of Lockjaw and just a primal, just a rage fight.
Just a cathartic, uncontrolled punch festival.
I've never been in one.
I got punched in the face one time when I was six years old by John Crider.
Because I cut in the four square line.
Asshole.
God, I know.
You were asking for it.
I really was.
And he was like seven feet tall.
And he laid me right out.
Why did a teacher punch you?
No, he was an adult. He was a man child.
I don't know.
It was one of those jack deals.
But I think you should probably punch your friend in his face.
Yeah.
That's what I'm saying.
We took the long way around.
No harm could possibly come from this.
He won't be upset too.
Because then you can be like, hey, you asked about it.
Don't punch your friend in the face.
What's the proper etiquette for the following situation, guys?
Etiquette time.
Put your etiquette hats on.
Etiquette.
I am walking one way, and a person passing me going the other way says something along the lines of, how are you doing?
Am I supposed to tell them how I am doing?
That involves too much conversation.
Plus then I feel required to ask them how they are.
This can end up taking too much time.
If I say nothing, then that is rude.
Am I supposed to just say it back?
Oh, man.
Here's my suggestion.
Turn around and start walking beside them and just start talking.
Well, I'm glad you asked.
I've been having a rough day and just give them really personal details and teach them a lesson about being polite.
I got this a lot in college.
I'm sure everyone has.
You got one of those faces.
Sure.
I mean, I knew a lot of people at my college, but I wasn't friends with a lot of people at my college.
So I would be walking in a class and would pass somebody in the commons, as the kids say.
And they would give me a, hey, what's up?
And there's no way that you can answer that question.
You have to measure out the distance between you two, and are you supposed to slow down?
Or do they really want to know what's up?
Or is that just their way of saying hi?
So this is so pathetic, and you're going to think I'm joking, but it's totally the truth.
If I ever saw somebody in the distance walking my way that I thought I knew, totally I would fake a phone call.
Oh.
Oh, yeah, I can't.
Sorry.
It's my dentist.
You know what?
I would mock that, but I was about to say the most awkward thing is when you make eye contact from like 40 feet away,
and then you have that entire 40 feet of walking at each other, where it's like, well, I've already acknowledged that I kind of know them,
and now I get a long time to not remember who they are.
Oh, but now I got this phone call.
I'm going to just look at the ground because this conversation is so intense.
I need to focus on my feet.
Why don't you go with staring right in the eye, say, what do you care pervert?
And then push him down a well.
Or just say, what the fuck is that supposed to mean?
Because what I'm saying to you is if you do that once, you will never have this problem again solved.
Because they won't want to be your friend anymore.
Solved for good.
Also, what you can do is just repeat their question back at them.
They don't care.
What is up?
How are you doing?
How are you doing?
Yahoo Answers user Aisha asks, what is my body shape?
She expounds on that initial question saying, I'm finding it really hard to know what my body shape is.
I think I'm an hourglass, but then again, my measurements make me wonder if I am a spoon or even a rectangle.
It's waist 31, hip 37, bust 37.5.
Not that that matters.
The comedy in this situation.
Have you ever heard the term?
Yeah, she's got this fine little spoon frame.
Is it upside down spoon?
She's got herself a real tight rectangular chassis.
She's got that dodecahedron going.
You know what's up.
She's got one of those figure eights.
You know what I'm talking?
Yeah, real good.
Little in the middle.
Here's my question.
Did she attach a picture?
Profile.
She's got a body like a pie symbol.
The symbol for pie.
She doesn't have a torso.
Just two wide legs.
Two wide legs, no torso.
Looking real good.
Is there a pic?
Is there a picture?
No pics.
No pics?
That's a random question to ask without people being able to see you.
That's like asking the question, what color shirt am I wearing?
That's something you would know better than me.
Yeah, to answer your question, you're shaped like a stupid person.
Big, stupid refrigerator.
Big, stupid refrigerator.
Open up the door, get some ass and pickles, and you're stupid still.
Some of my coworkers have asked me to go out on a night out.
Okay, let me start again.
Some of my coworkers, I'll edit that out and post,
some of my coworkers have asked me to go on a night out,
but they want to go to a strip joint during the night.
Is there any way I can persuade them to do other stuff?
Strip joints make me feel gross and pervy.
Do you know why they make you feel gross and pervy?
Because people you don't know come and put their privates near,
around, and on you.
It is gross and pervy.
It is legitimately gross and pervy.
If you ever go to a strip joint and leave feeling classy and clean,
then you were not at a strip joint, my friend.
You were at a burlesque show, perhaps.
You were at an IHOP.
You were at an AutoZone and you embarrassed yourself.
This is the weirdest strip joint ever, but these pancakes are delightful.
Wow, can I have some more cream?
What? Are you serious?
Yay. Here's the answer.
You look them dead in the eyes and you tell them the stone truth
that they're your coworkers and you get paid to be around them.
So unless someone's going to cut a check,
you're going to go home to your family who you love.
Yep.
That's what I say.
What if the strip joint is his family?
Did you think about that?
The problem is the strippers are my real family.
Well then, yeah, that's gross and pervy, my man.
Yeah, that's why you're so grossed out,
because that's your Aunt Deborah.
You also got to consider, if you work at a Hallmark store
and your coworkers want to take you out to a strip joint,
how awkward is it going to be once you've seen them in that environment?
Once you've seen Pamela get all messed up
during kegs and eggs and legs Thursday mornings,
you can't look at her the same way ever again.
Amateur night, what's up? Pamela, no.
Here's what you need to do.
Sue your business for sexual harassment.
I've seen these videos.
That's a classic example of sexual harassment.
Get paid, son.
You know what you do with that money?
Go to a strip joint.
Make it rain.
To convince them to do something, to get out of this,
all you need to do is, when your coworker asks,
sit on their lap and say, I can just get it started right now.
If I go to the strip club, I can bring the strip club to you.
Anyplace I go is a strip club.
Look at this zipper.
It's halfway down just through this sentence.
All my clothes are tearaway.
I'm going to demonstrate, but they're not tearaway.
See this suit? It's a nice suit, right? Watch this.
Rip.
I use the bus a lot, and I thought I could use that time
to practice my less-than-stellar social skills.
How can I start a conversation with people
without coming off as either creepy or annoying?
I'd love to meet some new people to hang out with.
Yeah, this is a toughie.
This is something that I have a lot of problems with sometimes,
is just seeing a stranger where you don't have a good opening,
and you might as well start a conversation.
I mean, this is where the classics and sort of boring,
like how about this weather, kind of plays in.
This is why people talk about the weather,
so it's always above you unless you're a spaceman,
and then you're just fucked.
You know what? I actually have a trick
that I finally coined a phrase for,
and it's beautifully awkward.
It's always going to be awkward, so acknowledge that.
I went to a show the other day,
and there was this girl that was in the show
that came out afterwards, and I'm pretty sure I met her.
I looked at her, and I said,
I don't know your name. I think I met you,
but I don't know your name.
We were right out there and honest about it,
and we got into a conversation about how we couldn't remember each other.
So you just confront the awkwardness full on.
Full on. That's the Travis approach.
Yeah. Just like if you're on the bus, just be like,
hey, I know it's creepy, but I just wanted to say I really like your shoes.
Or something like that, where you say,
hey, I didn't want to interrupt you, I didn't want to bother you,
but that's a great jacket.
What if you try and pull that game, though,
and it's like, I think your face is familiar,
and I think that I know,
but I don't know how we are acquainted,
and then it's like, I am your aunt.
I'm your aunt.
That's just a serious problem.
You're putting singles into my G-string.
This is awkward.
What I normally end up doing,
I had to do a lot of this when I was working at the newspaper.
I had to do a lot of man on the street interviews, stuff like that.
Justin McElroy, the Justin McElroy you know,
with any luck love, internet gadabout,
media personality, cost celeb,
not cost celeb, I do have many cost celebs that I care about,
whales and things.
I don't go up to people,
but I can pretend to be the sort of person that goes up to people.
In my mind, just decide that you're that kind of person.
That's not really you, but they don't know you,
so they don't know shit.
They don't know anything about how awkward you are,
so you just trick them and pretend you're not an awkward person.
Or put in those ear buds,
keep your eyes closed.
Here's the beautiful thing about the bus,
and any kind of situation like that,
you're only going to have to deal with that awkwardness
for like five minutes.
It's a perfect time to practice doing that.
Yeah, you got an exit plan.
If it fails, then you're quiet for the rest of the time.
I don't think you can meet people though.
I can't meet people.
I'm moving to Chicago soon.
I don't know how I'll be able to have the focus required
to meet people when I know that I'm in an airtight tube
that's full of pathogens and maybe terrorists.
You need a starter that you can always bring with you.
A baby is good, or you can get a dog is good,
or you can get one of those giant pinwheel lollipops
and just in the bus just go to town on it.
They're going to look because you're being so loud
with the slurping and licking, and when they look,
just be like, you want to get down on this?
And that's a great way to get down on this sucker with me.
These right here, these are moon shoes.
I want to get to know you.
Always carry skis with you.
A bouncer.
Yeah, I'm off to ski.
I'm going to skiing mountain.
Yahoo Answers user Dakota's Mommy asks,
help me name my mobile spray tanning business.
Any suggestions would be appreciated.
It is a spray tan business where I travel to your home.
Please let me know what name you like the best.
Caribbean tan to go, Caribbean tan to you,
tropical tan to you, tropical tan to go,
beach tan to go, beach tan to you,
tropic tan to go, tropic tan to you.
When I read this, I didn't read it very well, I guess,
and I just read the words mobile spray tanning business
and I thought of like a food truck.
It would see these pale people on the street
and just like pull over and be like, hey,
just hop in this bus with really tinted windows
and take all of your clothes off and I'm going to spray you
with oils and you're going to be darker when you get out of it.
It's basically just like a mobile rape den,
but I guess if it comes to your home.
I think the important part about naming any business
is looking to the future, seeing how your business
is going to grow and change and kind of trying to anticipate that.
So I recommend bankruptcy.
How about casing the joint?
Let me in your house and I'll spray you with stuff.
Dark skin spray, here it comes.
Dark soes.
Van and tan.
I don't think that we have a good one for her.
I really don't want to give up on Dakota's mom
because she's had a hard year and I think she could use
any assistance we could afford her.
How about you call it the Dakota Memorial spray tanning mobile station?
And then people say, oh, I'm so sorry, did your daughter die?
And you look them straight in the eye and say, someday.
And then see if they still want to spray tan.
I bet you they will want to look youthful and full of life
and vigor more than they ever have before and you will be able
to really get them on the add-ons.
Like the complimentary fake teeth.
How about spray tan for shut-ins?
Because they can't get the UV rays, the vitamin D
that you really need to get a good base going.
So I think that maybe you should just put your target audience
right in the name.
I say name it all over tan, which has a double euphemism there,
a double entendre, where one, you're all over the city,
you're traveling, but also that awkward moment where they have
to get naked in front of you.
So just all over tan.
That's copyrighted.
Hey guys.
Oh yeah, sorry.
Hi gentlemen.
I live in Connecticut and I just started dating a guy in NYC.
I'm gay, by the way.
Ew.
Come on, come on.
We were all thinking that.
We get along great and I think this has some real potential.
Congratulations.
Okay.
The only mismatch is that he likes to go out all the time
and I'm more of a homebody.
How can I make this work?
Wow, I have that exact, I have had that exact same problem
in my relationship.
I feel like we've kind of dealt with it.
You dated a dude in New York City?
Yep.
No, Griffin.
I've been a homebody.
I am someone who likes to stay at home.
I don't like to go out.
And Sydney, especially when we were still in college,
she liked to go out a lot.
And what's hard is that for all the things in relationships
where like you want to be with somebody that you click with,
inevitably there's going to be something that is just,
it's endemic to who you are and it's not going to change
and it's not complimentary with your partner.
Be that man or woman.
You're going to find things like that in a relationship
and the best thing to do is not to hope that it gets better.
The best thing to do is to confront it like grownups
and say I feel differently than you do,
but let's work it out.
Let's go out three nights a week and stay in three nights a week.
You're going to have to give and he's going to have to give.
And the good news is that it's perfect.
I think that that is the perfect setup
because if you both wanted to go out all the time,
that would get old and if you were both homebodies
and wanted to stay home all the time, that would get old.
This way you can kind of split the difference
and it's a better match than you think
because if you were both one or the other,
it gets really old.
I'm kind of in a similar situation but roles reversed
where I like to go out and Teresa likes to stay home
and so there's nights when she's not feeling it
and I'm like all right, great, we'll stay home
and we'll watch Avatar and hang out
and then there's nights where I really want to go out
and she's like all right, let's go
and it's a compromise kind of situation.
I go out and stay home on my own damn schedule.
All right.
And sad.
And this has been the Lonely Heart Corner with Griffin.
It's a regular feature on the show.
Go to sleep earlier, you dummy.
Let's lonely times.
So here's the deal.
Let me give it to you straight, Griff.
Back in February, I met a girl who's with the Marine Corps.
At that time, I was in the process of joining but hadn't yet.
You guys know that I know his pronounced core right now.
I don't think they appreciate it when you actually say the words
in conjunction with each other.
Yeah, together they weren't, I didn't map it out.
I needed to think about that a little bit more.
Thank you for your service.
We became friends and I started liking her.
Now I've sworn into the USMC and it turns out she likes me.
But if we get into a relationship,
it could technically be considered fraternization.
What should I do?
Tristan.
That's some hot shit.
Man, this sounds like a Richard Gere movie.
I love it.
Sounds like a...
This is scintillating.
Danielle Steel.
Court-martial at the heart.
Heartbreak on the waves.
An officer and an officer.
Of differing genders.
Important to note.
Not that there's anything wrong with that,
especially love on the high seas.
You find out where you can get it, right?
Did you join the USMC to be closer?
Because if so, you did not plan this shit out, my man.
I'll say this.
This is friend of the show, Tristan.
He is dedicated to serving our country.
I've been talking to him for a while now
about his dedication to the country.
Thanks again, Tristan.
Doing a bang-up job of it.
You're doing great.
Yeah, go ahead and fraternize.
Hey, how about this?
How about this, Tristan?
We're at war.
How about you put your mind on your duty?
No, no.
To protect me and my freedom.
Dude, listen.
Tristan is doing something.
I listen.
The three of us could never do.
I have a busy schedule,
and I need people to protect me day in and day out.
And Tristan is thinking about swoopin' Poon,
and I need him to be thinking about swoopin' Osama
and getting him into the tunnels and go get him.
But with that constant...
He might be on the water.
That's why we haven't found him.
With that constant, beautiful reminder
of swoopable Poon right next to him
as he's fighting side by side
against Osama's evil forces, against the axis of evil,
he's gonna fight that much harder
because he knows he has something to protect,
and so will she.
I'm saying that if anyone's gonna take down Osama,
it's gonna be Tristan or his girlfriend, Isolde.
And by which I mean anyone.
Personally, Tristan will be the one,
and that will make the end of that movie so much better.
Tristan's gonna take him down.
His girlfriend's gonna hold the camera up
while he is hog-tying him.
He's gonna make Osama bin Laden say,
my brother, my brother, and me is the best podcast.
What if you only have time, though?
What if he's put into the classic Batman situation?
Oh, God.
You know, where it's like...
He has to either save our podcasters, girlfriend...
If you go this way, you can capture Osama
and promote my brother, my brother, and me.
If you go the other way, you'll save your girlfriend.
What do you do?
I didn't think about it like that.
I trust Tristan to figure out the correct choice.
Yeah.
Which is, I think you throw the girlfriend at Osama.
Yeah.
And then you shoot him...
You shoot Osama, and it's like...
You take it, but you wing him, right?
And you take him in.
You're a hero, and who cares who you fraternize with?
This is the solution.
Catch Osama, and you can fraternize with whoever the fuck you want.
I love it.
You're a national hero.
I already think he's a national hero.
Okay, okay.
You just go ahead and do whatever you want, Tristan.
Yeah.
Ain't no law against it.
There might actually be...
Except for the laws that are definitely against it.
I think there actually is.
I will grant you regional hero at this point,
but not like a national, like global hero,
except to people who hate our country.
It's my hero.
P-dunk.
Not a good start, but keep going.
Hey, guys.
Is it wrong to be in a long-term relationship with a girl,
even though you know it's not going to be a happily ever after kind of thing?
And if so, how long is too long?
P-dunk, why are you wasting your time?
Yeah.
Why are you wasting her time?
Yeah.
Boo, yeah.
Does she know?
Yeah, that's the thing.
I think that might be step one,
and then maybe we can plan out a future after that.
Let me give you that future.
Living alone.
No, you guys are living in the future.
P-dunk, you got to live in the present.
If you're having a good time with her,
even though you know that it's, you know,
she ain't marriage material, or maybe you're not.
That doesn't make any sense.
But the problem, Griffin, is long-term relationship.
It's one thing to go on a couple dates with a girl knowing it's not going to work out.
It's another to be with a girl for like a year and a half,
but sitting there thinking, well, this is going to end in February.
Like, we've talked about this before.
Once you make that decision that this isn't going anywhere,
you're never coming back from that.
And he could miss out on like the special somebody of his life
because he's dating this spoon-shaped harpy.
P-dunk, I'm going to be just brutally honest here.
I would call that behavior selfish because it's saying,
I don't want to be alone right now,
and then I'll keep my options open if something else comes along.
So should we break up with P-dunk's girlfriend for him right now on the show?
Oh, God, yeah, our first breakup.
Hey, Margaret.
Hey, Margie.
Hey, spoon-shaped harpy.
Listen, we don't know anything about you except that you don't make our boy P-dunk happy enough.
You are a marriage material, my babe.
Sorry.
You've done good.
You've put in a good effort.
But your 100% just wasn't good enough for the dunk.
And you know what?
All the pressure off him, he didn't say a word to us.
We made this decision after observing how you guys were together.
So don't be mad at him, be mad at us.
And Margot, you can do better.
He calls himself P-dunk unironically.
Is that the kind of guy you want to take home to meet your folks?
You can't do better, though, because P-dunk is, I mean, he's a solid dude.
He's a good dude.
He helped me move, gave me a ride to the airport.
So you just got to come and pack up your shit.
I have a conundrum.
Okay.
This is from Stacy.
Here are my brother and my brother and me.
We turn conundrums into funundrums with our advice.
My brother and I, my boyfriend and I.
Yowza.
Yowza.
My boyfriend and I are celebrating our three-year anniversary in a week or so.
You should know that.
Maybe you want to pin down that date, Stace.
Unfortunately, I'm far away in grad school and dealing with crazy family times.
This is where you come in.
I need ideas for gifts, and I am certain he would love anything you suggested.
Well, shit, Stacy.
Thanks for telling us so very much about him to base this decision on.
So like an object, a physical object in the world.
A gun rack.
Let's just, let's just.
A mug, a nice mug.
A segue.
A printer.
A chalice.
A lamp.
A guitar tuner.
I'm looking at things on my desk.
A jar of jawbreakers.
I'm just looking at things.
A leg lamp.
You know what's good?
A guitar.
Not just a gift, but a hobby.
You know?
Here's the important thing.
What about a high-quality webcam for both you and him, and then you can have video chats.
I like that.
From far away from each other.
I think that that's good.
On any anniversary gift, the important thing is to, it's a test.
To prove how well you know them.
It is.
So get them something.
Get your bow something that is specific to him.
Get him a bowstaff!
Get him a crossbow with which he can blink in the wild.
A crossbow that shoots bowstaffs.
A giant bow shooting crossbow.
A bow crossbow.
A bow crossbow.
A ballista.
A crossbow that shoots bows.
A barista.
A crossbow that shoots baristas, and then you go to jail for murder.
Because you just shot a Starbucks employee.
Why did you do that?
Stacy, that was the worst present ever.
I got you this dead Starbucks employee.
I got you a boom rat for murder.
You're going to want to leave the country.
No, I think the webcam's a car.
Three year, that's a car, right?
Three year's the car.
Fourth year's the dead stuff.
I want to ask a question.
Well, someone else asked it, but I want to read it.
It's from a website called Yahoo.
User Just Another Human asked,
Is it weird to like animated characters more than real life people?
Let's say a cartoon figure, I think.
Depending on the cartoon, some females look astonishingly beautiful.
And usually they have a great personality.
I start to imagine how it would be to date such a character.
And the outcome is, it's better than real life.
I don't really like real life females much.
Most of them, not all, are really superficial.
And usually just want something from you.
Don't misunderstand.
I can clearly see the line between fantasy and real life.
It's just that fantasy is so much more appealing to me.
Hey, buddy.
Can we talk about, like, okay,
your problem with women is that they're superficial.
And you're telling me you're attracted to celluloid people.
I'm in love with Warcraft Avatar.
I like how they're only two dimensional,
and they don't talk back.
And I can turn it off.
That's pretty nice.
And they're glossy.
If this guy finds out that those things were animated by real life people,
and written dialogue by real life people,
and voiced by real life people, he's going to lose his shit.
Please, nobody tell him that.
Here's the funny thing.
This is the Yahoo Answers equivalent of the neighbor who says,
he always seemed like such a nice boy.
Like, this is step one to ten years down the road,
he's killing women.
That's what the internet teaches us, right?
It's not that he was always such a nice guy.
It's that you never read his posts on Yahoo Answers.
Trust me, he was a monster the whole time.
Real people are just too, they're like big sacks of blood.
Don't you just want to stab them and see what's inside?
Is that weird?
Here's a pro tip, bro.
If you have to ask, is it weird?
Yes.
Odds are problems.
If you have to make the statement,
I can clearly see the line between reality and fantasy,
you can't.
You can't see that line.
You are justifying.
And you know it's bad when dude is like,
I'm so crazy, but I'm going to step out of that.
It's gotten to a point where I can actually sense my own perversion,
like rearing its head.
Like, I don't think this is normal.
I'm pretty sure it's weird.
But that's how weird it is, that like even me, a weird guy,
is like, I don't know, Ken.
I'm going to be honest with you guys.
I am freaking myself out.
I'm freaking out by me, just me being alone.
I'm freaked.
So hopefully that'll help you, Kev.
Kevmo.
You are a weird guy.
Creepy Kev.
I want to hear our last question, our one to grow on, if you will.
But first I want to tell you how you can seek out our advice.
Oh, hold on.
I got a good one here.
From Delia.
I'm 22 and a hopeless romantic.
I've been blown away, not in a good way, from the desires of men that I meet.
I don't see why it's so hard for a guy to take a girl out,
or at least open a door for her, buy a beer or dinner.
They all just want to screw and fool around.
Why are you separating them?
Do they mean different things than I thought they meant?
They just want to have sex and then put on clown costumes.
I'm not saying that it's a bad thing, lol.
I'm not looking for a serious relationship.
But why have men thought that dinner or drinks is no longer necessary?
It's making my loving heart sad.
Keeping the ears open.
Loving you three.
Delia.
Delia has a strange way of talking.
But I dig it.
I'm just saying.
I dig it.
It's strange.
But I dig it.
I don't know, Delia.
Chivalry is dead.
Go to a church, Delia.
That's where you're going to meet a nice boy.
Go to our Facebook appreciation group and meet a nice boy.
All gentlemen.
There are still gentlemen in the world.
I open a door.
Here's why.
Those kinds of guys will do as little as they have to do.
So, you know, make sure you keep your standards strong and require them to do these things.
And they will do them or just go out with a better quality of man.
And keep in mind, 22 guys, 22, they're basically children.
They're like babies.
They don't know real skills like a man.
They really don't start to ripen and mature as a person until 23.
That's true.
Take it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Take it from Griffin.
Delia, date older men.
Yeah.
Date older men that go to church.
Just go to your local church.
Find the oldest guy you can.
Jack up.
Get hitched.
Make sure he's got some do-re-mi in the back though, if you know what I mean.
Can't buy the cow and milk it.
And then you drink the milk and make you strong and then you kick a dude.
I think I messed up the metaphor.
Yeah, I think so.
I want to hear Griffin's laugh.
Also, Delia, I'm confused by your email.
Are you down to bone?
Because...
Or do you want to fool around?
That's all that I was getting.
You know what?
It may be that you are sending out the wrong signals that you're down to bone on the 24th
set.
Maybe you should scale it back a little bit.
Maybe wear something more conservative.
Go ahead and lock that up.
That's your treasure.
Maybe when you meet a new person, this is a great way to meet somebody on the bus.
Hi, my name is Delia and I'm not down to bone.
Yes.
So don't even try it.
Don't even try it.
But do you like Scrabble?
Because I will play some Scrabble with you tonight.
I will play Scrabble.
Or your tiles.
The road to passion is on lockdown, if you know what I'm saying.
That's not even a metaphor.
It's just on lockdown.
But then feel free to give it up on second date.
Second date.
I think you got to go naked date, too.
I want to hear the last question in actuality now.
I'm not just threatening to hear it.
But I want to tell you how you can seek out our advice.
As always, these messages are available on mybrotherandmybrotherandme.com, which is not
a website.
M-B-M-B-A-M.com is.
Glad to say this has been a really well oiled show.
Really.
Yeah, really working the kinks out for sure.
Well, we've all been burning the candles at both ends and a little bit in the middle.
Yeah.
So just bear with it.
Yeah, just hang in there.
You can get us on Twitter.
Use the hashtag M-B-M-B-A-M.
We read all those always.
We see them as soon as you say them.
If you want to get to us directly, that's a great way to do it.
At M-B-M-B-A-M is our Twitter account.
If you want to find out what's new, what's the latest.
Want to make a love connection or maybe just meet a friend.
Go to our Facebook group.
Huge thread on Facebook.
Huge thread on Facebook about meetings.
Is it really?
Yeah, it's blowing up.
If you want to go there, just meet people, make a new friend.
There's no evidence of actual...
I haven't seen any evidence of kids swapping tartar sauce yet, but I'm hoping in the near,
near future.
You want them to get down and swap it.
And it goes without saying, picks only, no fatties.
Picks only, please.
We're professionals here, providing a professional service.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Yeah.
You guys have been so great.
Everything is growing.
It's on the G-R-O-W tip.
Every day we are expanding our reach, our influence.
We've been in the top 20 on iTunes for the last, episode wise, for the last two weeks.
Have we?
Yeah.
We also want to remind you, as always, to not do anything that we say to do.
Don't listen to a...
God damn word.
But do tell a friend.
Tell a friend.
Burn a CD.
You can fit two episodes of our show on a CD and you can give that to a friend.
Subscribe to the podcast on iTunes, drop a review.
Whatever.
You know what we need.
Just give it to us, Delia.
We need your love.
We need your love, please.
Your treasure.
It's the second date.
Griffin, what's our last question?
This question comes to us from Christian.
Just Christian.
Who asks, what is Justin Bieber's cell phone number?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Justin Bieber.
My Bieber, my Bieber and me.
You never know me.
You never know me.
