The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother mean advice show for the modern era. I'm
your oldest brother, Justin McElroy, and it's time to pay the piper. I'm your middlest brother,
Travis McElroy, and the piper's got bills. You know, he's got stuff to pay for.
I'm Griffin the money man McElroy, and 30 under 30 money boy, and money money money money,
must be funny, pay us all your dues. I'm worried about the piper.
The piper has been a little bit sad lately because of all the money you owe him, sucker.
You've been dancing to our jolly, jolly song. You've been dancing to our jolly song for a
calendar year, and now he has upended his hat, and he is passing it around, and it's time for
you to pay for the jolly tunes you've enjoyed. Also, the piper's hungry. Be cool. Come on.
Also, if we want to take a different tact with the intro, it's our quadricentennial episode.
It's a big one for us, and we've got a big one for you. A big episode, and a big hug. Come on
close. Thank you. Oh, so warm, so warm. Let me just get that wallet. This one is special as hell.
Listen, straight up, this one's special, but it's also a special time of year. It's the max fund
drive. It's the max fund drive. Oh, so excited. It's our annual fundraising drive because here's
the thing. Our podcasts, our podcasts are free, and we're so glad that you enjoy them, and you
listen to them, and once a year, we ask you to maybe consider pledging a monthly donation to
support our show and the shows you love. Listen, we McElroy's, we got a lot of shows on max fun.
I think 36 last time I checked. 43 actually. Oh, we added seven more. That's right, because now
my dog hosts two. Your dog now hosts, yes, you can pet this dog, and it's sort of a fan cast.
Come get a pet of this. You'll never believe how much you can pet this dog.
And so if you love the content that you get from max fun and from the McElroy's,
maybe consider going to maximumfun.org forward slash donate and becoming a donor. We're going
to tell you all the different levels, all the different rewards, but just right off the bat,
I want to tell you, I think the best reward consistently year over year is all the bonus
content. There is like, I would say no joke though, conservative estimate, a hundred hours. We've
done the math before. It's many days of podcasting that you can enjoy, especially if you've never
done it before. You have an unfathomable treasure trove there. Including an episode we recorded for
our bonus episode this year, which was us just doing segments from the past, including monthly
observances, haunted doll watch, subway hacks, a lot of good, oops all bits. And I used the word
good in there earlier and that wouldn't describe all the segments. We've stopped doing some of them
for good reason. But we've also got a bonus episode of Taz in there where we do a one-off game
called for Sherlock Holmes and a vampire, which is one of the aforementioned Sherlock Holmes.
And even if you've never listened to Taz before, you could just go and listen to that and enjoy it
because it's completely standalone. We are trying to get to 25,000 new and upgraded members this year
and we have several different donation levels. We're going to break in in the middle and talk
about all that stuff, but we want to thank you preemptively. If you've supported us in the past
and you like supporting content that you love, we really appreciate you. If you are not already
on board, you can go to maximumfund.org slash donate. Do it right now. And you get to feel good
because you have supported something that you love and we really appreciate it. So we're going to get
into the episode now and we'll be back in the middle to talk more about like the- Do we want
to say anything to set this one up though? It's a little bit- Yeah, it's a wild one. This one's
going to be- Of a journey. I haven't edited it yet. It's going to be a bit of a Frankenstein,
but we were- Okay. We were invited to do our nasty thing, do our dirty thing, live on the red carpet
of the Broadway debut of Jimmy Buffett's Escape to Margaritaville. For reasons beyond our
comprehension and it's been weeks since we've done it, still beyond our comprehension, but it was a
wild, wild night and we recorded a bunch of stuff from the red carpet. We had a little bit at the
beginning with our good friend, Lin-Manuel Miranda. You're going to hear that too. And you're going to
hear us go through various stages of sort of panic and sort of social discomfort and grief,
all the stages of grief. Did we mention there were celebrities on the red carpet that we were
expected to talk to? Yeah, so there's- That's part of it. It's a whole lot. So we thought episode 400,
let's make it a special one by presenting you with the most anxious night of our lives and our
careers. And we're going to get into the bit we recorded now with Lin and she'll listen to the
rest of the episode, but we will be back soon to tell you more about the Max Fun Drive. Remember,
just go donate right now. Maximumfun.org slash donate. And here comes something, man. I don't
know. Here comes something. Hello everybody and welcome to my brother, my brother and me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin Tyler McElroy. I'm your
middle-est brother, Travis Showbiz McElroy. I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media
luminary, Griffin, big lights, big city, McElroy. I'm visiting gadfly Lin-Manuel Miranda. Whoa,
where did you come from? I was hoping we could do like a layer of like fiction. Like,
oh, he just popped out of the toilet. No, he wouldn't be in the toilet. No, I just,
if you're in Times Square, I appear Broadway. Which one of the costume characters are you
on Times Square? Are you the scary Elmo or the scary Hulk? I am Ecuadorian Iron Man.
We saw two Hulks today, side by side, together. That's gotta be irritating in the exact same
costume. Anyway, welcome to a brought to you by, this week's episode is brought to you by
Escape to Margaritaville. Did you just have to take a second to realize,
because I have done this a few times, is it Escape to Margaret, and we're about to do something
where we need to have this locked in. Is it Escape to Margaritaville or Escape from Margaritaville?
Escape from Margaritaville would be wild. That's the sequel.
Get out. Get out.
Spoiler alert, but they do have to escape from Margaritaville at a certain point in the musical.
We're not here to spoil story beats. We're here to talk about this great musical
for everybody to go see, and we've got kind of a weird situation. A weird day ahead of us.
A bit of a situation. We are going to be, here in a minute, you're going to hear us,
and we have not done this yet, so we're a little on edge about it. Here in a minute,
you're going to hear us down on the red carpet recording our program,
live from the red carpet of Escape to Margaritaville.
The Broadway debut. It's the Ides of March, which is another sort of great omen for us.
Oh, no.
Yeah, we will have no table. We will have no chairs. We will have your questions.
I have not stood up for one straight hour in four years.
I'm very nervous about that.
The only thing we have is the hope that we will appear to supposed to be there.
That's my hope is that it just won't look like we were just like,
hey, what are you guys doing? Can we stand here?
We've never been on a red carpet in our entire life. What can we expect?
Well, if this were the Oscars or the Tonys or movie opening,
you would expect an hour and throngs of press. But this is just Broadway.
So it'll be like five outlets that are the Broadway outlets that go to everything.
Well, I wanted there to be much, much more than that.
I wanted there to be a chance where we could get passed over and be like,
well, they had a lot of other people to get to.
Now it sounds like if they pass us over, it'll be because they looked at us or heard us talking.
What's that Hydra at the end of the line?
How much should we explain to people?
We've got some there's I don't want to talk about anybody specific.
Can I ask something? What happened?
What led to this series of listen?
We love our buddy Jimmy Buffett. How did you end up?
Jimmy just thought it would be funny if we recorded at the premiere.
And I don't think he thought about it much more than that.
He was like, yeah, that'd be funny. Let's do it.
We were like, and then we said to in Jimmy's defense, we said, yeah.
And then we were like, wait a minute, what are we going to do?
What are we doing here?
Oh, no, wait, did one of us like slight Jimmy Buffett in the past?
And this is honest to God, had this thought several times today of at some point,
he'll be walking down the red carpet and be like, everybody else stop.
You three keep going and you pay attention to these three idiot assholes.
Hey, do you remember that joke you made when I was on your episode?
You burnt. Yeah. And then I'll dump pig's blood on us
or margaritas either way or pig's blood margaritas.
Um, yeah. So we're like,
we're going to try to talk to people that are on the red carpet of the show.
And like, I guess we'll ask them your questions
that you send in about vacations to your listener.
So we're trying to hang on to that.
At least we'll be doing that, that we know how to do that.
Did you do a red carpet for Hamilton?
Uh, I did not do the pre-show red carpet cause I was in the show.
But you had the, the show had one.
Yeah. The show had one.
That's where we didn't get that.
Yeah.
You know what would be funny guys?
Why didn't we, we could have recorded on the red carpet of Hamilton.
Wait, you guys, you guys are anxious about the red carpet of Margaritaville.
I know, but then we'd be more experienced for the Margaritaville red carpet.
Yours would have been the fucking burner.
Like we could have really wasted.
We could have wasted our energy on yours
and then brought our A game to Margaritaville.
I'm sorry I didn't think of that.
I didn't know Jimmy was coming to the great white light.
Probably because nobody's ever recorded a podcast for the premiere.
That's probably the only reason that didn't occur to you
is that nobody's ever fucking done it before.
Whoa, Flips, are we making history?
You might be.
We might be.
This could be the first podcast ever recorded
from the red carpet of a Broadway premiere,
which is not something, it's not a necessarily perfect fit
if you think about it.
It's not like we're going to do it
and everyone's going to be like, how have we not done this before?
It's so good.
Did you hear that?
Hey, Beverly, did you hear this episode?
They sound so nervous.
It's really top-notch content.
It's really good.
We've got to do that on the next WTF.
I've been Marc Maron the whole time.
I will say this, because there is less press
than you would find at sort of a bigger media thing,
a lot of people are going to come talk to you
and they'll be game.
They'll be game for whatever twisted humor
you guys bring to your own slant on things.
How much of our shtick should we explain to people
when we talk to them or should we just go for it?
Go big or go home.
Is that professional advice you're giving?
Are you saying that because you're going to listen
to this episode and you want it to be as entertaining?
Yeah, I'm just a long-time fan, first-time caller.
So you're just fucking with us, right?
Because we are who we are, it's not enough for us to-
I think by the time you say,
hey, we host My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
it's a show about advice, but they're gone.
So just go in.
Okay, you've gone from everybody's going to be game
and down to clown for as long as you want to.
If you tell them the name of your show,
they're going to leave, so which is it?
I will want to know why these three pasty gentlemen
are assaulting them with advice questions.
Let me hit you guys with this.
We are Jimmy Buffett's three irascible nephews.
This is for a science fair?
My uncle Jimmy said I could ask you some questions.
Is it too late to go out and buy three matching sailor's outfits
and say we're his irascible nephews
doing a project for the school fair?
This is the first time I've heard
the word irascible said out loud.
I've only read it in books.
And I did it twice.
Yeah, so how do you do now?
Sounds right.
Ward Smith.
Should we find me?
I'm so scared.
Talk in your microphone.
I'm extremely, extremely scared of tonight
and how bad it's going to go.
I'm scared about what we just put in our bodies.
We didn't eat a lot of cheese.
Went to a place called Junior's.
And I don't know why they called that
because there's nothing Junior about these portions.
Is that a skew point of view?
So if I bring that tonight, I'm good.
Yeah, you're Travis had a fucking milkshake
with a piece of cheesecake on top of it.
It was on the menu too.
I don't want anyone to think that
I crafted that from my mindscape.
That was an on menu.
You ordered it from your fucking mindscape.
I did make the decision,
but I didn't really want to eat it.
Well, I did, but I mostly was just like,
I must see this.
I told them while they were both eating
their big cheesecake messes,
that if they farted within a 10 foot perimeter
of Al Roker, I would never speak to either of them.
Watching the sun bake.
Hey, Lynn, wait till you hear this.
I was in Times Square and a guy jammed a CD in my hand
and he says free.
So I took it and then he asked me for a donation.
Can you believe that Swaggy Jeff did that to me?
But you just gave him free publicity.
That's good.
He'll enjoy that and the $20 I gave him for his bird CD.
That is more than you would buy.
That's all I had.
What else can we say?
Here's another track from Swaggy Jeff's mixtape.
We're gonna play that for 30 minutes
because we're only gonna get about 90 seconds
of usable audio, I feel like.
Listen, I think you're gonna find some real,
I mean, you've only ever done your podcast
sort of from the comfort of your own homes.
This is not true.
Lynn, we've done 50 live shows.
You've been there for some of them.
What are you talking about?
This is like, I don't know, it's like an installation.
Think of it as the sleep no more of podcast.
You don't know who's coming up.
You've got your mask on.
Can I wear my mask?
That would make this easier, actually.
Now, Lynn just said something interesting,
which is that we're not gonna know who's coming up.
And for me, that's going to be true a lot of the time
because I don't know who anybody is.
Unless it's a cast of Terrace House.
If somebody from Terrace House,
if Ben McKenzie rolls up from the OC,
here's the list of celebrities I know.
Al Roker, he's gonna be there tonight, so that's good.
Now, that doesn't mean we'll get to talk to him.
He might see us coming a mile away.
Don't get all hyped to hear from Al.
Ben McKenzie from the whole cast, the OC.
Dennis Quaid is doing some stuff right now
for the I Can Only Imagine movie,
which day one, day one, day one.
And then that's it, end of list.
Those are all the people.
That's all the people you could identify.
And that's like to say that the people
that are gonna be here tonight
are not famous and recognized or reconvenerable, you know?
Sorry, was that recognized or reconvenable?
Is that the word?
Yeah.
Okay.
The problem is that I don't know who anybody is.
That might make it easier.
If when I go, who are you?
What's your deal?
I say, who are you?
And then they say, I'm Tony Danza.
Who are you?
I'm Tony Danza.
Let him get that far.
Hear the name.
And then say, wearing.
Who are you wearing?
You didn't let me finish mine.
That's good.
I like that.
Fashion safe.
If there's one thing I know about celebrities,
it's that they just love being treated like normal people.
And I don't know who normal people are.
So why would I know who they are?
So you just walk up and go, I'm Travis.
Nice to meet you.
This will be refreshing to you.
I don't know who you are.
I don't know who you are.
And I'm going to treat you like a regular person.
Now get out of my way.
I'm trying to talk to Tony Danza.
We're not going to talk to Tony Danza.
Damn it.
Are you worried that we'll try to establish that we're the boss?
See?
And that's why we can't talk to Tony Danza.
Now we can't talk to Tony Danza.
I'm going to tweet Tony Danza.
And make sure-
No, Lynn.
Say talk to my friends.
They're the irascible nephews of-
DM him.
Don't tweet him.
I don't know that he follows me.
Tony Danza.
Get it, Lynn.
You know Tony's got those open DMs.
He wants to hear from everybody.
Okay, so anyway.
So this is-
Love you, Tony.
This is before.
And then we're going to go try it.
So the next thing you hear is going to be us.
Try sounds so nice.
Try sounds like we get a dry run with no judgment.
Yeah, you might be about to hear 30 minutes of straight static.
No, we'll edit that down.
We probably wouldn't publish that.
We're going to go do the damn thing.
I'm excited because this feels like a radio version of your TV show.
Where you're kind of being- you're a little out of your comfort zone.
Mayor Steve Williams is the Tony Danza of Huntington.
That is true.
Throws down some sand.
Does some soft shoe.
That's what he says in his campaign commercials.
All right, let's do it.
Let's go.
Let's go.
We're at two bars of battery on this.
We brought other batteries down, right?
We brought other batteries.
10 minutes before everybody comes.
I assume all the celebrities will show up exactly on time.
5.30 and probably not.
5.30 on the dot.
Totally here because everyone knows it's cool to be on time.
We have an audience which I didn't expect and I don't prefer.
I should have thought about that because there will be beloved famous people coming through.
Everybody else is kind of standing up and they're doing stuff.
Should we be over there?
Are we in the wrong place?
No, we're in the right place.
This is good.
The nervousness- just to check in because this is what everyone- the nervousness I'm feeling
is unlike any kind of nervousness I've ever felt before.
Yeah.
Not like in a heightened- like it's not the most nervousness I've ever-
but just this nervousness of I'm going to miss something.
It's like Lovecraftian.
It's like a sort of like a cosmic horror that I've never really seen the face of before.
For me, it's a lot of times when you feel anxious before doing something like this,
it's a fear of what if it goes bad?
This is more like- it's like an expectation like it's going to go good,
but what if it goes bad?
This is more like how bad is this going to go?
Yeah.
How bad is this going to be?
If a scary man came up to you and he was like,
I've got a dire warning for you tonight, you're going to get scrambled.
And it's like, well, I don't even know what that means, but it sounds horrible.
Well, this is also- you can tell everyone around us has done this countless times.
Yeah, yeah.
They are old hands.
They're not nervous about this at all.
Would it be weird for us to ask what we're supposed to do?
Let's see who's around.
We can maybe ask the people from Margaritaville TV what we're supposed to do.
They might be able to help us out.
Now, do you think they've done a lot of live red carpet premieres?
Or do you think this one for the Margaritaville musical is maybe among the first?
Maybe this is their first one.
I don't know if the Margaritaville is necessarily a news outlet
that needs to cover every Broadway opening.
Their coverage of the 2016 election was amazing.
It's hard hitting, yeah.
Okay, so there's several people who are sort of videotaping standups from the event.
And we're going to be kind of in the background of those.
They're going to edit us out, I assume.
They're going to green screen that.
Let's save our voices until people get here.
We don't want to lose this solid gold.
Yeah.
Okay, so we're going to get right into the questions.
Let's see here.
We're here with Derek Jeter.
Derek Jeter.
So psyched.
Yo, it's me, the Jeep.
Hi, it's me, Derek Jeter.
This one comes to us from Rose.
I live in a place people go on vacation and I worry that I take the beach for granted.
Do you have tips on appreciating it to the fullest
without quitting my job to become one with the waves?
That's from Rose.
I mean, of course you do.
You live at the beach.
You take it for granted.
Just like I take, I don't know, my bathroom for granted.
It's always there.
I live there.
No one goes to the vacation at your bathroom.
I have a very nice bathroom.
I have a bidet.
I've actually been there before.
He does have a bidet.
I'm not looking it up on a Travago though.
I put it on Airbnb.
Just the one room.
It's on Travago.
What do you think the Travago guy's bathroom looks like with him in it while he's using it?
Give me a minute.
Give me a minute.
Give me a minute.
Tell me what you think about the Travago guy in the bathroom.
The first celeb that comes up here, we're going to say,
what do you think it looks like when the Travago guy goes to the bathroom?
This is a blood pact.
I'm not joking.
Walk off the set.
If one of you doesn't say, hello, Mark.
Hello, Marla Maples.
What does the Travago guy look like when he uses the restroom?
What does he look like when he uses the bathroom?
Yeah.
Welcome to the party, bud.
No, but I mean, like, what do you know?
He probably looks the same as he says.
It was everybody else.
All right.
So that's one question.
What if the first celebrity is the Travago guy?
I think it's a little bit like this.
I was worried we were not going to have enough to talk about,
but now we got that one in the in the chamber.
Oh, we're going.
Oh, no, we're going.
It's Mark.
We're going.
Mark.
Oh, God.
Okay.
It's Mark Helgenberger from CSI.
She's wearing black and white outfit.
Nice.
Good fashion coverage.
This week.
Oh, God.
I'm freaking out.
Travis, you got this.
No, I just got so tense.
You got this.
Just relax.
I'm just going to ask right here.
Mark Helgenberger, how do you appreciate the beach?
Okay.
Let's start.
Let's start.
Let's not start off with the Travago bathroom question.
Okay.
We'll start with the Travago bathroom question.
Don't open.
We've got a few celebs under the belt.
Just say like, hi, I'm Travis McElroy.
I host an advice podcast.
Hi, we're the McElroy brothers because I want her to know who I am, too.
Okay.
We host advice podcasts.
And how do you what do you let's just ask beach activities.
That's like, well, that's less weird.
For beach advice?
Favorite beach activities.
It's going to be cool when she's actually here.
We're going to be totally cool about it.
Yeah, we're going to be like, oh, this you just mentioned like,
hi, we're the McElroy brothers.
This is our 20 second.
We've done this a ton of times.
In fact, I'm pretty bored.
We've done a lot of these before and.
This definitely isn't new.
I have like tears welling up in my eyes and I'm not really sure why.
Do you see?
Are you crying?
Yeah, I think a little bit.
I don't know why.
This is a self-engineered hell.
Yeah.
I've put myself.
This is like salt, but specifically for the McElroy brothers.
Yeah, we have put ourselves into hell.
Well, you have to talk to say that that loud.
Just tell her who we are first, because yes, it's going to be weird.
If she's like, and don't mention the Trivago guys bathroom.
We got this.
We're good.
Oh, okay.
We're okay.
Probably feels all right.
So, okay.
So just swing in a day still happen.
Okay.
So we've okay.
Okay.
Bit of a whiff on that one.
Okay.
Okay, hold on.
Just going to relax and we'll talk casually and maybe.
So I think the problem there is that we were talking about how this was our hell.
Like really loud.
I don't think she's coming back over.
Yeah.
No, I think the red carpet's sort of a one-way affair.
Cause then okay.
So let's talk about this.
Okay.
So what happened?
Wait, no, wait, hold on.
Okay.
So Mark Helgenberger just walked right past us.
Yeah.
As well she should.
As well she should.
I don't follow her for that.
It's totally cool.
Okay.
I think we're going to have another run at this.
I'm starting to readjust my expectations a bit.
Yeah.
We need to at least talk to one person on this red carpet.
At least one person should talk to us.
Yeah, we'll get, listen.
That's Travis and I guarantee by the end of this hour, we'll have at least one person.
Should we have tried to like vibe a little bit more?
Like not in a sexual way, but like put the vibe out.
We weren't like, we were maybe turned in facing each other and not like.
Okay.
Maybe.
Okay.
So second whiff.
Her second whiff.
Second whiff.
Looks like Terry Collins, former New York's Met manager.
We're in a gray suit.
Okay.
And get that one.
That was a whiff on our part.
Now, okay.
And this one.
Hold on, wait, stop.
Hold on, wait.
Checkered jacket, gray pants.
What?
Checkered jacket, gray pants, silver watch, and gray shoes.
You have to say what everyone's wearing.
This is red carpet.
Okay.
Justin, there's someone over here getting their photo taken.
Who is it?
Can you spot them?
Okay.
Hello.
Hello, we have a sheet that has pictures of everybody.
There's like 80 people.
That's going to be here.
We'll just play it cool.
Well, we do need to know who they are.
We do need to know who they are, but I don't see them.
Okay.
So Marg.
It's going past us a second time.
We're going to get another run at this.
Marg is back.
She's talking to SiriusXM.
This is going to be fine.
Do I need to step over the rope?
Is that what people are doing?
Is stepping over the rope?
I'm up against my one weakness.
Rules and regulations.
We might have the distinct pleasure of being passed over three times.
We might need to enlist the help of somebody like more adult.
Is there an adult here?
Okay.
So the Mets guy came back.
Is that two?
Oh, no.
Terry Collins came back.
All right.
I don't...
We'll just ask Terry Collins about the scariest sea creature.
Yeah.
It's going to be fun.
They were actually, if I'm going to be honest, a little relieved when they just walked past us.
Like, he's like a sports gentleman.
Like, I don't have as much...
What sea creature would you most want to play baseball with?
No, let's just ask him what he likes to do on vacation.
Again, guys, softball.
Then we go scary sea creature.
Then we get to like close out with the Trivago guy.
So we start with what do you like to do on vacation?
We are really building this plane as we're flying.
It's fine.
I need you to not stand on the side.
Okay.
What?
Quick family meeting.
I need you to not stand on the other side of the ropes yelling,
this is fine or this is hell, while making a grim mask of death with your face.
Can you stop doing that for me?
Does it just kind of look like I've been doing this for a while?
Yeah.
You get more flies with honey than vinegar.
It's not even vinegar.
You get more flies offering them honey than making them watch you eat vinegar.
I get more flies with honey than making them think I stink like vinegar.
They should avoid the vinegar boy.
It's been eight minutes.
That's pretty good.
For eight minutes in, I'm feeling very good.
You got some solid content so far.
Yeah.
Yeah, not a lot of, not a lot of silhouette.
I think they're all going to dump.
They're dumping in, I think.
But maybe they're just making the, making the runs.
This is good.
This is fine.
Listen, I'm actually relaxing now.
You know, I'm relaxing because I don't think anybody's going to talk to us.
Yeah.
Right.
I'm not going to put it on the spot at all.
Oh, here we go.
Okay.
I've got this.
Okay.
You got this, Travis.
I believe in you.
Hi.
Nope.
Panic locked up.
You're locked up.
So, for the folks at home, that was a third walk by Mark Helgenberger from-
And listen, the window was there.
The window was there.
She was probably four inches from Travis.
And I didn't, I opened my mouth.
The amount of time that passed between, I've got this too, I froze up was quite short.
Okay, I'm going to get Terry though.
What's Terry's last name?
Collins.
Mr. Collins.
Mr. Collins.
Former, former manager of Communer Fats.
This one's going to, just a real quick one, because I'm real nervous about this guy.
I'm double intimidated because he's like famous and sports.
Yeah.
So, it's like two things that I'm not great with.
What if he throws a ball at you like super hard?
What if he sees something wrong, but he can mold?
Yeah.
You catch it really cool.
Kids, you got the goods, money ball.
Look, I can see the group on your microphone.
You seem like a-
Joke up a little bit.
What's really fun is every so often I make eye contact with people in the crowd behind us,
and they're looking at me like, why are you there?
And I'm also thinking.
And you're looking at them like, why am I here?
Get me out of here.
We want to make people feel like we're not pranking them, because we're not.
That's not our goal here.
But if we keep yelling about sea creatures, people are going to think we're going to like-
It's like a regular thing that we're doing.
Just have people talk about sea creatures, you know?
Okay.
Okay.
Now, when you are flipping feverishly through the tip sheet and they see that,
that's probably going to hurt their feelings a bit, so.
Justin, faster.
Identify.
I don't know.
I don't know. I'm dizzy.
I'm getting dizzy.
It's not Tony Danza.
I feel like we're playing the most high stakes game of Guess Who?
Maybe.
Yeah, I know.
I mean, the good news is if we keep doing things exactly as we've been doing them,
it's not going to be an-
It's going to be a moot point.
Okay, just to check in.
What's the score so far?
The score is zero.
We're at 12 minutes, 26 seconds on the recording.
How long?
1226.
So if I can make eye contact with Mark Hellenberger down at the other end,
and she'll feel the connection and come back.
So Mark may come back.
And now at this, at the point I'm at,
I don't actually want to talk to anybody but Mark Hellenberger now.
I feel like so jilted.
Well, it's because she's damned it all up in our minds where we can't,
sorry, I can't with you.
Yeah.
I'm still, I've still got all the questions waiting.
She is loading her own stock in our minds.
Okay, that guy just asked, where is your Margaritaville?
That's very good.
But we were going to ask that though.
No, stay turned.
I'm trying to look at the list of people that are here.
Okay, so Justin is now looking at the tip sheet.
Covertly.
Covertly, using my back as a sort of shield.
That was Steve Croft earlier.
Steve Croft.
Damn, just missed it.
Tim Federal?
Yeah, Tim Federal?
Tim?
Tim Federal?
Tim.
Show me the paper, you child.
No, it's okay.
It's okay.
I, okay.
Okay.
Wins and losses.
One, loss.
He did walk right past this.
Win.
His name was Tim.
Big win.
Big W.
I did invite him and I did recognize him from the tip sheet.
Let's take a quick promotional break to talk about Escape to Margaritaville.
It's more than a musical.
It's a way of life.
You've seen it now.
Just the once?
Just the once.
Tonight the twice.
Tonight is the second time it is opening.
Tonight here at the Marquee Theater and right in the middle of Times Square.
It's a great show.
Come out and see it.
Escape to MargaritavilleMusical.com and you can get tickets and plan your escape today.
That's a book by Greg Garcia and Michael Malley who you may remember from
My Name is Earl.
A lot of great shows like that.
Musical lyrics of course by Jimmy Buffett and you should come see the show.
Is that maybe Matt Doyle?
Nobody looks like they're pictures.
Matt Doyle maybe?
Maybe Matt Doyle?
Say his name like 14 more times and then maybe it'll just become true.
I'm thinking we need to be on the other side of the rope.
You think that would be...
So here's, let's set up the scene for our folks at home because let's remember that
we're recording an episode of a podcast.
Travis, okay Travis is going across the rope.
Yes, this is the right move.
Okay, there's a rope and Travis is going on the other side of it.
This is the right move.
You've got to be a more of a presence.
We're kind of this producers.
We're his supervising producers.
Okay, Travis is across the road that is protecting us from the beautiful people.
So terrified.
Travis is very...
All right, now listen from this point forward, we can't talk about...
Nobody's going to yell at you.
Everybody's across the rope.
Now we're across the rope too.
Yeah, all right.
Travis is...
Now he looks like it.
Now he looks like he's doing interviews.
Miss Hughes?
Miss Hughes, right?
Miss Hughes?
Yes.
Maybe don't mention we do a podcast.
Now that I think about it.
Oh no, okay.
There's so many different iterations of how I'm going to introduce myself in my head.
Miss Hughes.
No, I think I don't actually know.
I'm not 100% certain on the name.
Don't.
Yes.
Okay.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Okay, I'm going to give this.
Travis.
Travis.
It's okay.
Can we ask you some quick questions?
Hi.
How's it going?
Hello.
We do an advice podcast.
Oh, you can just go ahead.
It's a microphone.
We've never done this before.
We're recording a podcast.
Very nervous is the first one.
We do an advice podcast called My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
We were wondering what advice you would give to our listeners as far as like good activities
to do on vacation.
Getting away to Margaritaville.
Oh, I love this podcast question, actually.
So I definitely, I'm a huge hiker.
I love to go hiking.
And I think if you're on vacay, the best way to start the day is by getting up and going
for like a little exercise, a little walk.
And that way, you're burning off the hangover from the night before.
I love that.
You work hard and you play hard.
But it's not working.
You're out.
You're engaging.
You're being good to your body.
Yeah.
So you're not doing anything, too.
That is a novel concept for the three of us.
This is the best advice we've actually ever had.
A healthier.
Yeah.
That's good.
But you've got to be with people.
Otherwise, it feels like punishment.
It feels like work, right?
But if you're with people, then it's just fun.
And if you're alone, you also have to be worried about bears.
But with people, you're less likely to get attacked by bears.
Avoid bears.
Speaking of, our second question is, what sea creatures do you think are most dangerous?
This is a-
I mean, I'm wearing a mermaid dress, so I think mermaids, right?
Mermaids can be fairly terrifying.
Wow, that's a really good point.
They are scary, actually.
That's not an obvious choice.
They'll sting you into a trance.
You'll walk right in the water.
Exactly.
I love it.
Excellent.
Thank you very much.
Thanks so much.
What's your podcast called?
It's called My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
Oh, duh.
Like it's written on the sign.
Jimmy Buffett was on our show, and we asked if we could come do this.
And we didn't really think through the practicalities of actually doing it.
A podcast on a red carpet.
Yeah, this is not really our milieu.
But we're hanging in there.
But you're nailing it.
Thank you.
A lot of people walked past us before you stopped.
So this is kind of the first-
Thank you.
Thank you for stopping.
Hopefully, I will start a trend for you.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
Thank you very much.
I read the word that we're regular, normal people.
I love it.
Thank you.
Real people.
Should I make an announcement?
Yeah, just start yelling at me.
No announcements.
Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.
That's one.
That was one.
That's one.
That was so good.
Travis, do you want to come back on the other side of the road for a minute?
I need your cover.
I need Justin getting my back.
Would you say that is Matt Doyle?
What?
Say it's Matt Doyle.
Does that feel like Matt Doyle?
You've got to show me the paper.
I can't tell you.
I heard Justin say it.
So Matt Doyle right here.
Is that Matt Doyle?
Crowds are really filling up here.
If we can't do a positive identification, yeah, we need a clear match.
Justin is now bent over.
I think that was a lot on him.
You got to talk in your microphone.
I dropped my badge.
And I don't know.
I was just bending over because I dropped something important.
We can't, if we're not 100% positive of ID, we can't do an interview, Travis.
Let's move on to our second question.
Yeah, let's hear it.
My fiance wants us to go to Italy for our honeymoon.
Italy sounds great, but I'd also like to buy a house.
So I want to rent a cabin up north and put the rest toward mortgage.
Where can we go that both feels like a honeymoon rather than a family vacation,
but also doesn't completely drain our savings?
Almost married in Ann Arbor.
So like romantic vacation destinations.
Something romantic, but cheap.
A romantic vacation destination on a budget.
Not costly for not for unwealthy folks.
Justin, how are you doing?
I'm doing very well.
The time is 5 57, which by my watch means we're halfway.
Halfway through the star-studded cavalcade.
We got one person to be on our show.
Which is one more than I was starting to think we'd get.
Marg will probably get back here soon.
When the word gets out.
When the word gets out about Marg Helgenberger.
Who is that lady?
Oh, that lady is so good.
Brenda, Brenda Maccaro?
I don't think so.
Shit.
I don't know then.
If it's not fucking Brenda Maccaro, I don't know who it is.
What if we, can I tell you guys an idea I just have?
What if we just put this one up completely unedited?
What if we just threw this one up on the channel?
Okay, there's a very handsome guy who I do not know his identity.
But he's so handsome.
But he's so handsome.
He's gotta be somebody.
Is that Matt DeWill?
I swear to God if I hear you say this name one more time.
This guy's so handsome.
I just don't, I'm too nervous to talk to him.
Is that handsome?
Can I just approach him as handsome guy?
No, I wouldn't do that at all.
Are you kidding me?
Maybe he's a date.
Some people are people's dates.
And they're not all attention.
And they're just beautiful.
So we shouldn't talk to either of these people
because we cannot be clear of what we're doing.
We didn't talk about that question.
I ain't scared anymore, Justin.
What's a romantic vacation destination?
You know what's nice?
What's that?
If you go to a lake.
We've been called out.
We've been called out.
We've been caught.
I literally don't know how to.
We've been called out for talking into our microphones.
Someone yelled at us for talking into our microphones.
Have you ever seen people who stood together
who are just inches away from each other talking to each other on mics?
Don't say I didn't hit it on the nail.
No, you did.
This is our first red carpet event.
We're very nervous.
I don't know how to do any of this.
This is our first red carpet event.
We do an advice podcast.
We're very vulnerable right now.
Yeah, we're very vulnerable.
We're so nervous.
Is this a radio show?
Yeah, it's a podcast.
It's an advice.
Yeah, we're doing it.
And we do advice.
This is my friend Levi Bradley.
Hi, Levi.
That's a great question.
That's actually the only question.
We actually also don't know the answer.
Jimmy Buffett was on our show and he thought it'd be fun if we came and did this.
I asked for this cover.
They didn't have it.
Oh, I had to bring it into the place.
Our question is romantic vacation destinations.
Oh, that's great.
You have any suggestions for our listeners?
Yes, I would go to Bali, Indonesia.
Try to overcome the McDonald's and the Kali Starbucks shop.
Pass by that and get into their culture.
Okay.
But it is a beautiful...
Are you guys serious?
Is it a bad McDonald's?
Yeah, somebody asked when you should go.
And the Galapagos.
Okay.
I like all the animals there.
They're very different.
You look so cute with these mics.
Well, thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
We'll do your podcast any day.
Thank you, thank you very much.
All right, so we lined up a second spot there.
Okay.
It's the best.
We're doing great.
So that went super good.
That went so good.
There's a whole family of handsome people.
Okay.
I don't want to...
This is too many people.
This is overwhelming.
It's too many.
Two people walked up that time and I couldn't handle it.
Does one of the pictures have a whole family on it?
Just squeezed into one picture.
Okay, so just to explain, Justin has folded the tip sheet,
which has the faces of all of the folks walking the red carpet
and their names into an origami swan,
making it nearly impossible to read at speed
that people are coming down the blue.
It's also a blue carpet.
Have we talked about that?
Oh, yeah.
The carpet is blue.
I think because, give me if I'm reaching too far here,
like the ocean.
I think it's supposed to be...
Wait, who did you just ask?
The camera guy.
Oh, I didn't...
The camera guy.
Oh, yeah, the zoom?
It's a dope mic.
Great mic, sir.
So I don't know who that is in all the tip sheet.
We just got to keep pressing through.
Romantic destinations for a vacation spot.
Maybe spend some time, stay home, get to know each other better.
That's okay.
Go to the lake.
Here's what I'm going to say.
What if you just spend some time with your partner,
making love?
Oh, making love.
That's so good, Travis.
I have one, but you go to Bali, but you do go to the McDonald's.
And you do go to the Starbucks.
Go to McDonald's at Bali.
The McDonald's at Bali is so wack.
They have the best burgers.
Hi, brothers.
I'm getting...
I shouldn't be checking my phone.
It does make you look super bored.
It doesn't make you look like you're not really paying attention.
This is where I'm getting the questions from, though.
This is a beautiful family.
You can't keep saying that.
So I just want to get the next question going because we answered that one.
One of the benefits of my job is having a fair amount of vacation time.
I'm of the opinion it's best to take a couple of days here and there,
saving off corporate burnout.
Short vacation or long vacation?
Short vacation or long vacation.
That's from Ezra.
Short vacation or long vacation?
I do like this because Ezra specifically says like,
take one day off every so often so you get a three-day weekend
or save it up and do like two weeks off.
Yeah.
I almost always prefer the big one.
Because I don't work very hard usually.
And so every day is kind of a vacation.
So you really have to take that many days to even notice...
To even feel it.
I got to take a pretty big dose of PTO there.
I would say that it really depends on how close you live to dope shit.
Because if you could take three-day weekends and go do awesome stuff,
but if you get yourself an extra day and then you don't have anything to do with it.
This is going so good.
It's 6.04.
Still time for lots of other people to be on our show.
And now we're in our groove.
The heat's picking up now, you know what I mean?
I'm not nervous anymore.
I'm not nervous anymore.
I came back around the other side.
I'm just a professional doing a job.
I'm worried that we're going to get too overconfident
and that'll make us make big mistakes.
Yes.
I don't know what the fuck just happened.
And that is both literal and sort of like emphasizing the wildness of whatever you just
heard.
I don't know where this break's going to be,
but I bet it was after something just really either skin-crawlingly awkward or delightful.
That was kind of where I was hovering between.
It might be skin-crawlingly delightful.
I don't know.
Maybe like a Nightmare Before Christmas kind of vibe.
This is terrifying, but man, I'm really enjoying myself.
Folks, hey, become a member of the Max Fun Network.
Jeez, it would be so cool.
Because if you do it, you can help us meet our goal.
25,000 new and upgrading members.
If you're already a member, thank you so much.
If you've been consuming more content from the network lately,
maybe think about upping your donation because that'll make you eligible for all the great
pledge gifts that we're going to tell you about right now.
Travis, $5, go.
Well, Griffin, that's a great question.
At $5, you are going to get a exclusive bonus content that we talked about before.
You've got, listen, we have been doing Max Fun Drive since 2011.
So there is seven years of bonus content.
Oh, this is our eighth year.
This is our eighth year, my bud.
This is our eighth year.
Eight years, about 11 different things, including like some videos we did where we're like riffing
over old educational shorts.
But not only that, you're also going to get access to all of the Just Jon Hodgman bonus
content, all of the Adventure Zone bonus content, all of the wonderful bonus content,
all of the Sawbones bonus.
Like, it's hours and hours and hours and hours and hours.
It's incredible.
Justin, $10 a month, go.
$10 a month, you're going to get a drive exclusive enamel pen designed by Megan Lynn Cott.
You pick your favorite, and you're going to get a cool pen.
The one for this year emphasizes our theme of Stronger Together for Collaborate 18.
And it is a very cool looking pen.
And you also get a Max Fun membership card.
And that is for $10 a month, plus all the exclusive bonus content.
Yeah, on each level, you get everything up to that level.
So at $20 a month, there's a Max Fun family cookbook with recipes from Max Fun hosts,
contains dozens of recipes from cocktails to dessert, and you get a set of handsome
space-themed cookie cutters, plus the pen designed by Megan Lynn Cott, plus the bonus
content.
That is a great gift.
There's a recipe from our...
I sent in our mom's recipe for chest bars is up in there.
Did you guys put anything in?
I think that's the the McElroy contribution.
That's our contribution.
Man, you guys are lazy, huh?
Yeah, sure.
So there's...
I guess I'm the only team player here.
Yeah, I guess I'm just so busy generating hours and hours of wonderful content for our
listeners.
Well, I'm the one actually making the wonderful content.
And that's a fun thing I can say.
No, I'm making a lowercase w.
If you want to step it up, we got a $35 a month level.
So you listen to a ton of shows and you want to support the whole network, $35 a month
will get you a one liter juice carafe, beautifully and permanently engraved with the Max Fun
rocket logo.
It's not just for juice, though.
And it says that in the copy.
And I think you're smart enough to piece that together.
But the copy thinks maybe you need some help with it.
But it's great for tastefully displaying all your beverages.
And you get the cookbook.
You get the cookie cutters.
You get the pen.
You get the bonus content.
And you help support us a whole bunch and we appreciate it.
And then-
Now we should be clear.
Here's the thing.
The carafe is not just for juice, but strangely the cookie cutters are.
Yeah, you got to pour juice in the cookie cutters.
Can't explain it.
But that maybe wasn't as self-explanatory.
So just wanted to make that clear.
There's higher levels you can go donate at.
And if you want to do that, like, thank you.
But these levels, honestly, they're sort of the bread and butter of our network.
And that's what a lot of people can afford to do for content that they like.
And man, that just-
It's just the best, y'all.
Like, it really means a lot to us.
And we so appreciate you going to maximumfund.org forward slash donate and getting on board.
These gifts are to make it clear for new and upgrading members.
So like, if you're at five bucks a month right now, you upgrade to $10 a month.
You're going to get the pen and the bonus content, obviously.
And so on.
So, but if you can hop on at 35.
Wow, 35.
That's so flattering.
Thank you.
20, 10, 5.
Anything you can give, honestly, means the world.
It only takes a couple minutes.
Go to maximumfund.org slash donate.
Choose the membership level that's right for you.
And then you'll choose which max fund shows you listen to.
And just like that, you are a member.
And then you've helped us.
You've helped us.
Listen, when we started doing this, we weren't making any money off of it.
And we were doing it just as a goofy goof.
And didn't think anything was ever coming of it.
And now it's turned into a career.
This is Travis's whole job right now.
Dad got to retire from the radio station last year.
And just do this full time.
Because the donations you all have brought in for the Adventure Zone.
Like, this has made it.
He probably would have retired anyway.
He's very old.
He's so old.
Can't press the buttons on the switchboard anymore.
Old, old fingers and tired old bones.
And they're old, hollow bones.
Withered fingers, no muscle, no skin.
Just skeleton bones down there.
But you've helped turn his life a little bit easier.
Because he doesn't have to press all the dials and knobs on the thing anymore.
And he still announces loudly what country music song people are about to hear.
He does it in the privacy of his own house.
And mostly he's just listening to radio and trying to guess what the next one's going to be.
Right.
That's all to say you all have made like a genuine material impact on our lives
by allowing us to turn this into a career.
And we are so grateful for it.
And if you listen, you've never donated before.
And you want to help contribute to that.
Just think about becoming a member.
Maximumfund.org slash donate.
The one last thing I want to say.
And we'll reiterate this a couple times over the next two weeks.
But one of the amazing things about the structure of Max Fund and you the donors
is that your money, your donations, your support is going directly to the shows that you love.
This is not like an amorphous, you know.
You don't send your money in and then hope eventually it gets to-
No, like when you donate, you pick the shows you listen to.
And that's where the majority of your money goes.
So like if you listen to, you know, My Brother, My Brother, Me, Adventure Zone, right?
And you're like, oh yeah, I became a $5 donor.
And then over the last year, you started listening to Wonderful and Sawbones
and the Schmaners and Trends Like These and Still Buffering.
And you're like, well, now I get even more content.
And now I want to support all the co-hosts on those shows.
It's very direct.
Yeah, you can then bump it up to 10.
And now your money is going to support the shows that you love.
Yeah, listen, we love being a part of the Maximum Fund Network.
We love the support that our listeners have shown us
in the eight years that we've been doing this.
And God, that's wild.
We are coming up on a decade and that's like a wild amount of time to me to even conceive of.
It's no joke, the longest job I've ever had.
This is the longest employment I've ever had.
So you're curious to hear what other celebrities we humiliate ourselves in front of.
So we're going to get back to the rest of the episode now,
but we'll be back at the end to talk a little bit more about The Drive.
Thank you all so much.
Maximumfund.org slash donate.
And just listen to us fall completely on our asses
in a professional environment that we were not equipped to take on.
Who's that?
Hey, Justin, who's that?
I hate this job.
Justin, Justin, look at the faces.
Justin, Justin, look at the beautiful faces.
Can you find the face before they get to us?
Justin, get there.
Come on.
The fun is in the challenge, Justin.
No idea.
This is actually very helpful.
Okay.
So to recap, a woman standing behind us has started narrating into her phone.
She knows these people more than we do.
So she hit me in the head with her phone.
So now she owes me for the information I'm drifting off of her.
Oh, my God.
Steve Croft, Steve Croft, Steve Croft, right?
Steve Croft is, of course, the one and only.
Justin has a four step process.
Steve Croft, 60 minutes.
Fuck off.
He's going to respect our journalistic chops.
You guys have four mics.
Usually I only have one.
You guys are real pros.
Hey, it's me, Steve Croft.
60 minutes.
He's four feet away from us.
What the fuck?
He's fucking about it.
He's four feet as the crow flies.
I did my best.
All right, Justin.
Flip, flip, flip.
No, I have a page of just handsome guys.
Maybe that's Matt Doyle.
It's not Matt Doyle.
If you say Matt Doyle one more time.
I've thought four people were Matt Doyle.
Stop it.
Corey Cott?
Oh, yeah.
I love that.
One of those guys is Corey Cott, for sure.
Travis, I believe in you.
Travis is going to try to corral Steve Croft into talking to us.
And we're going to ask him.
Wait, wait, what are you asking?
Scariest sea creature.
No, no, no.
What's the most frightening sea creature?
Romantic beach.
Oh, we did that.
No, we did that one.
Short vacations or long vacations?
Yes.
How do you make the most of your time off?
No, no, no.
Short or long vacations.
Can we ask you some questions real quick for our podcast?
We do a podcast called My Brother.
My Brother means an advice podcast.
We are wondering, do you think people should take long vacations or short vacations?
What do you prefer?
Lots of short vacations or one long.
I'm a big fan.
It depends on how hard you work.
We don't work at all.
You don't work at all.
I think if you have really a grind, I think that the longer vacation is a little bit better.
You seem like somebody who's on their grind all the time.
Do you prefer the long extended?
Normally, we shut down for the most 60 minute shut down for the month of July.
And that's a great four weeks.
Just live it up.
Yeah.
One quick last question.
What's the scariest sea creature, in your opinion?
The what?
Scariest sea creature.
Scariest sea creature, in your opinion?
Well, the only one I've seen really up close is an anaconda.
Or not an anaconda, a barracuda.
A barracuda.
The only ones I've seen up close are a barracuda.
Like about this far away.
That's very terrifying.
That would be it.
And like a tanker exposed, like the barracuda could get you.
You're just like inches away from one.
Yeah, and I had a shiny ring on, too.
I'm so low.
Everybody said never wear them.
Yeah, it was in the Florida Keys.
I'm so glad you're still with us.
I'm glad you're here.
Thank you so much for talking with us.
Thanks for your time.
Enjoy the show.
Okay, so professional.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So great.
So great.
He even went back and did a second take of barracuda anaconda.
A clean take.
Clean take.
He gave us a clean take on that.
He gave us a clean take.
Well, we shouldn't talk about that because we probably edited it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Now, Justin, did you identify this?
Is this Matt Doyle?
No, I don't know who this is.
You looked it up.
You said you knew who it was.
I think it's Doctor Who.
It's not Doctor Who, Justin.
He looks slick and...
Excuse me.
What is this person in the suit here coming out with a bow tie?
Travis is now...
Okay, great.
Thank you very much.
Travis is trying to gather intel.
Travis is our little spy.
So we've all got different roles.
Let's explain our process because I feel like people want to know
what it's like for us in the red carpet.
We've all got roles.
I'm doing tech.
I'm holding the stuff.
Justin's over here and he keeps yelling about power and hell
and everything's really scary.
He's a misdirect guy.
He keeps yelling the name Matt Doyle every four and a half minutes.
And Travis is kind of our Tinker Tailor soldier spy out there.
Gathering all the deets on all the...
I'm the face man.
All the celebs.
I should have committed this whole sheet to memory.
Told you so.
Told you so.
Corey Cott.
Corey Cott.
We got this.
We're getting into our fucking swing right now.
Can we cuss when we're talking to them?
Yeah, fuck yeah.
Okay, not like that.
Oh, not now.
You just...
Four people just turned around to look at you.
He was in Newsies.
He was in Newsies.
He was in Newsies on Broadway.
I'm sorry, people.
We don't know who anybody is.
Yeah, we're the worst.
It's not their...
Please understand.
It's our fault, not theirs.
Is Travis gonna try to corral?
Oh yeah, I'm gonna get him.
I think grab Corey Cott.
So this will be what?
Five, six?
Are you gonna ask about long or short vacations?
We're still on that question.
Yeah, I think so.
I might ask a designated...
Corey, can we ask you some quick questions?
Hello.
Oh, thanks.
We do an advice podcast called My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
It's a weird fit for a red carpet.
It's a weird fit.
An advice podcast?
Yeah.
Oh, cool.
We've never done a...
Nobody's ever recorded a podcast at a Broadway premiere before.
You're groundbreaking.
You're a pioneer.
You're a revolutionary.
And you're a part of it.
So, congratulations.
That's one of my history.
In the Guinness Book of World Records Certificators.
You're here.
Welcome.
We're doing beach-themed questions from our listeners.
Okay, cool. The first is, do you prefer to save up your vacation time for one long trip
or do several sort of short little getaways?
Short or long vacations?
I think I'd rather do a long vacation, but I think my life only allows for little short
vacations most of the time.
Ain't that the way?
So, it's more like what I'm allowed to do.
Yeah, that sounds really restrict...
You should just do a podcast.
We do nothing.
Yeah, it's way...
This is a vacation right now.
Yeah, maybe should I just quit and just come with you guys?
Yeah, you are.
All right, I'm officially a part of the advice podcast.
Welcome, Corey Cott.
This will be the behind the music.
Sure.
This is where Corey's career...
Yeah, sure.
This is where...
All his promise he left...
Where he really started making his money.
Second question, scariest sea creature?
I mean, probably like a great white shark or something.
That's the correct answer.
Everybody tries to do these clever answers, but that's why they make a movie about this.
Sure.
If I'm actually gonna...
If I'm swimming by myself in the ocean with nothing around me,
I'm gonna be most terrified of a great white shark.
Let me ask you this, Corey.
Steve Croft's a barracuda.
It's like a barrac...
No, no, no.
Let me ask you this.
Let's go a little deeper here.
What would be the sea creature that you wouldn't admit you would be afraid to see,
but you'd totally be afraid to see?
Oh, that's a really good question.
It doesn't mean it's anything.
Sure, sure, sure.
Sure.
Well, probably some sort of jellyfish, because I just like octopus.
I actually like stingrays.
I feel like stingrays are pretty cool and uncharacteristically nice most of the time,
at least in my experience.
But jellyfish, something with long tentacles.
I don't...
It's a little freaky to me.
Good eating, though.
What's that?
Good eating.
Good eating.
Absolutely.
Nothing wrong with that.
Absolutely.
That's very true.
Fry those up, man.
Fry those tentacles up.
It's a good meal.
Heck yeah.
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much.
Thank you, guys.
Good luck.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thanks.
It's 24 minutes.
What time is it, Juice?
It's 6.14.
All right.
Another 16 minutes.
There's Ethan Supplee.
We don't got to look that one up.
That's a slam dunk.
We're going to get Ethan.
I'm going to try really hard not to ask him about Boy Meets World.
Don't do that.
Don't do that.
I'm going to try so hard.
You're not going to do that.
I'm going to try so hard not to try.
Look at me.
You're not going to do that.
I'm going to try so hard.
Look at us.
Look at us.
Look at us.
Look at us.
You're not going to do that.
Okay.
I didn't know you had to like...
It does...
Oh my God.
It's Mary Lou Henner freaking out.
Okay.
I'm fine.
I'm fine, everyone.
So don't ask about Boy Meets World.
Okay.
Great.
Great.
Unless it comes up.
What?
We need another question from our listeners.
Oh yeah.
Hurry.
Something new to ask about.
I feel like we could do this every week.
It's easy.
This is our new job.
The regular podcast is canceled.
Suggestion...
Oh God.
When I go on vacation...
No.
Justin's fucking broken.
Justin.
I have a problem in my head.
I took a beat chicken.
How do you enjoy the...
How do you...
How do you take advantage of beats?
We'll go back to the destination.
What's your favorite beat?
Just ideal vacation.
Drop the beach bullshit.
Okay.
This is the beach bullshit.
And we'll set people up.
Ethan, can we ask you some quick questions?
Hi.
We do an advice podcast called My Brother, My Brother.
I can hold on to it if you want to or you can.
Okay.
It's insulting, I feel like, to be like, now you hold it.
You have work to do.
One job.
This is our first...
We have four microphones here.
This is wild.
We've never...
We're recording a podcast.
Okay.
We do an advice show called My Brother, My Brother and Me.
And we're talking about...
Who are the brothers?
All three of us.
You're all three brothers.
Yeah.
We asked Jimmy Buffett if we could do this and he said yes.
And I don't think he really thought through it.
And I don't think we did either.
We didn't either.
We've never done this.
So we're freaking out a little bit.
But it's fine.
It's fine.
When you normally do your podcast, are you in a more sound protected environment?
In our home, in our sweatpants.
We go to a Kmart.
More importantly, we're in a people protected environment where we don't see so many people.
I'm with you.
I like people protected environments.
This is so hazardous.
Thank you.
There's a lot of folks here.
Yeah.
So we have questions from our audience about beach stuff.
What's your ideal vacation?
What's your ideal getaway?
My ideal vacation is anywhere with a warm beach.
And I will sit in the water up to my tits all day long.
Do you take a lot of stuff down?
Or do you go to the beach by yourself?
Or do you have a lot of equipment you like to bring down?
I have four children.
OK, I hear you.
OK, I hear you.
Each child requires their own special equipment.
So the equipment is nauseating.
The amount of equipment that we have to take.
Gadgets and gizmos and things.
Yeah.
One last question.
Do you think Atlantis is real?
I told Travis not to ask this because I'm lying that this is just very interesting.
And I don't.
But I'm a multiverse guy.
If we are living in a multiverse, it's real somewhere.
Holy shit.
That's a good answer.
Damn it, that's good.
Thank you so much.
I don't think it's here on Earth.
So stop looking.
OK, all right.
Fair enough.
Well, thank you very much.
Thanks so much.
Thanks for talking with us.
Enjoy the show.
That was so good.
Yeah, that was really great too.
Totally professional.
It felt him or us?
Oh, both.
But totally professional.
Yeah, I liked when you said tits.
Give me something other than Atlantis.
Scariest sea creature is so good.
That's a classic.
I'm going to get Mary Lou Hinner.
Are you going to get Mary Lou Hinner?
OK.
Ask about Inverted.
Which sea creature does she want to own as a pet?
OK.
What's the most lovable sea creature?
What's the most lovable sea creature?
No, that's like benign.
I want to know scares.
I want to know fears.
I want to see any people's souls.
I'm going to put that sigh in the episode.
I feel like it tells a story.
Can we ask you some quick questions?
Two seconds.
Super quick question.
We do an advice podcast, and we're recording here.
We've never been on a red carpet before.
One question.
What do you think the scariest sea creature is?
Ursula from Little Mermaid.
Yes, that's a good answer.
Thank you.
Thank you, Ms. Hinner.
You crushed it.
I have a little three-year-old niece who lives with me.
So trust me.
And she's always here.
Terrified of Ursula?
As she should be.
Thank you.
That's a great answer.
Thank you so much.
All right.
All right, we need to not scream into the microphones
as Mary Lou Hinner gives us a very good Ursula
answer to our question.
Oh, shit.
It's happening.
Is that Jimmy?
All right, Jimmy will stop and talk to us.
Is that Jimmy?
I don't know what Jimmy Buffett looks like.
I've just realized I don't know what Jimmy Buffett looks like.
Oh, it's going to be an audio disaster in here now.
Jimmy Buffett has arrived at the venue.
Everybody's going nuts for Jimmy.
This is going to be not usable anymore.
We're going to lead.
When James comes, we're going to lead with Scariest Sea Creature.
Okay.
And then we're going to ask him why he made this decision.
I think we should maybe, for him, do a little debrief on why the decision was made to include
us at this event.
I don't know that we'll be invited to his second Broadway show.
No way.
Did you?
Did I?
I don't think I ever...
I think it's weird I'm at a point in my life where I could be very stressed out.
And seeing Jimmy Buffett would put me at ease.
Oh, there's my friend James.
Are they still yelling for Jimmy Buffett?
I don't know.
I don't know if other people showed up.
Do you think that all these people here from Margaritaville might be fans?
Maybe.
People are going to be very confused about the amount of time we're going to want to
take with Jimmy Buffett.
Well, he's a professional.
He's probably going to breeze right past us.
Yeah.
That's the question, huh?
What?
Can we get Jimmy?
Can we get Jimmy?
Can we get Jimmy Buffett to talk to us?
Probably.
When he asks, hey guys, real quick, huddle up.
We have like 30 seconds here because Jimmy Buffett's real close.
But when he asks how it goes, can we all say it went super good and talk about all the
great questions we got from Mark and the gang?
We don't lie to them about how great we did a good job?
Lie to them and say we did a great job and everybody's been complimenting us on our
professionalism.
Yeah, I know you're worried about taking a risk on us.
We've been very professional the entire time.
For sure.
OK, so they told me I could step off the rope.
I definitely didn't.
And then I'll send him a special cut of this episode that's four minutes long of our like
our times where we approach confidence professionals.
Jimmy's just made a big face at us.
I think he's going to come talk to us.
We'll see here.
The man, the man himself.
So he's going to come and talk to you.
Hi, Jimmy.
How's it going?
How's it going, Jimmy?
How did the Tonight Show go?
How did the Tonight Show go?
The Tonight Show went great.
Bill Hader.
Come on.
You got to follow Bill Hader.
I met him as he was going.
He was coming out.
I was going in.
I'm a big fan, though.
I know you're taking a risk by letting us on the blue carpet here at the premiere.
And what happened to the red carpet?
Well, it's beach themed.
I spilled a margarita.
We've been real professional the entire time, though.
And everybody's really complimented us.
And they said it's been like we did a great job is what I'm saying.
We're doing a great job for you.
They said Jimmy made a good choice by letting you be here.
And we said I agree.
No, I'm trying to.
They're impressed with your work here, you know?
Those serious people are getting serious over there.
It's been real good, though.
We wanted to ask you, what do you think the scariest sea creature is?
The what?
Scariest sea creature.
Well, sea creatures.
Which one do you find the most frightening?
Scariest sea creature?
Again, we've been very professional.
Haven't asked this.
Moray eel.
Moray eel.
Why moray eel?
Because I've had an encounter with one.
Sharks don't bother me.
Octopus or squid don't as long as they're not giants.
But moray eel, yeah.
I had one come out and swim out of the hole, you know?
Why were you in its hole?
Why were you looking at its hole?
Why were you getting like towards its hole?
Were you just swimming and just happened to be by the hole?
I was trying to get lobsters out.
I was hoping it was a lobster that came out.
What if that was his lobster?
Well, he can have it.
You know, I gave it to him.
All right.
Well, congratulations on the show.
That was fun yesterday.
Yeah, it was.
I had a good time.
You and me and Len was chatting.
It was fun.
They were all happy about it.
So I am, too.
So, you know, we're talking about when
Hamilton goes down to Puerto Rico,
I'm thinking about doing the Dark Knights there
and bringing the band over and still raise some money.
Oh, yeah.
That'd be fun.
So we're neighbors here.
We'll be neighbors down there.
All right.
Great to see you guys.
And thank you for coming to the show.
Good luck with the show.
Everybody listen to my brother, my brother, and me.
Great pass.
Thanks, Jimmy.
Oh, he's saying hi to the fans.
Uh-oh.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, we did it.
He's saying hi to the fans, but it's happening right next to me.
There's four.
Oh, wait.
We should get a picture.
Hold on.
Let's get a quick picture.
I'm going to send Jimmy Buffett.
Thanks, Jimmy.
Good luck.
Break a leg.
Great.
Yes.
Cut.
Did great.
OK.
I think we need to get in, right?
It starts at 630.
You think we've done enough good work here?
I mean, I feel like we've done our good work.
I'm now in a photo.
I've now been pulled into a photo.
Fans of the podcast, I guess.
Yeah, I think we should probably, maybe we need to get in there.
Are you just saying that because you're scared?
We do have more people.
We could talk to.
No, I think that that's the end of the chain of celebs here.
I don't know.
I see some people down there.
I want to just, I'm feeling great.
Let's kick it.
You just want to keep going.
I think it'd be weird if we, on our side, left the red carpet before everybody else.
OK.
Yeah, we're not supposed to leave first, right?
The energy's gotten kind of strange.
So it's weird.
It's like everything's been pretty chill until the members of Jimmy Buffett's band showed up.
And then the people behind us are losing their damn minds.
Yeah, but it's good.
And it's good.
I'm glad they're excited.
And that's not a surprise.
There's a lot of JB fans in the house tonight.
It's just a little, it's gotten kind of a stressful energy, I would say.
The energy is quite strange.
The energy has become a stressful energy.
I think the thing, let's talk about next time.
OK.
Next time we do a Broadway premiere, the one thing that seemed to fuck people up the most
is us handing them a microphone to talk into.
So don't do that.
So that one is weird for us to do.
Also, stepping over the rope.
You're not supposed to do that.
So if you do a red carpet, you are supposed to be on the other end of the red carpet.
Be more, be aggressive.
You know what I mean?
Not too aggressive.
Don't be weird about it.
But it's OK to make yourself physically present.
Also, let's talk real quick about Escape to Margaritaville.
It's escape to margaritavillemusical.com.
It's open now.
You can come see it at the beautiful Marquis Theater.
Stay at the Mario Marquis.
It's in the same building as the show.
Super convenient.
So convenient.
It's a heck of a lot of fun.
It's a great show.
If you know Jimi Lovic's music, if you love Jimi Lovic's music, then you got a heart and ears.
But also you're going to love this musical.
And a fucking brain.
And a fucking brain to hear the music.
And if you don't, then you're brainless.
And heartless.
I don't know, maybe at least one lung.
You probably need a lung.
And you probably need like a heart.
I mean, all the essential organs for sure.
You'll barf up one lung from how hard you'll laugh at the great jokes.
I feel like I didn't do a good job with Mary Lou Hinder.
I feel like I kind of fucked that up.
Well, here's what happened.
You said, who's the scariest sea creature?
She said, Ursula.
And then you screamed the loudest noise in the universe.
Yes!
Directly at her.
And I scared her.
You scared her.
Well, also, right before you screamed, a handler said, you got like two seconds.
That's freaked me out.
That's what panicked me.
It wasn't my fault.
You listened to her say, Ursula.
You said that took about two seconds.
And so you thought you disengaged just by yelling and yelling.
OK.
I think it looks like things are thinning out.
Should we walk through the photo line now?
That might be interesting.
That's kind of a different.
Nobody's ever podcasted across a photo line before.
We got a pretty mobile operation here, except for our Tangelo snakes that we got.
OK.
I think we'd call it our last interview will be Jimmy, if that feels right.
It feels good to me.
Yeah.
There's a certain dignity to that.
And we've been going the full hour.
We did a full hour.
And here's the thing.
We really don't need to check out with anybody.
We could just turn off this microphone and walk away.
We don't need anyone's permission.
That sounds pretty cool.
I OK.
Let's close it down.
Travis, just make sure you grab our placard off the ground
so that there's no evidence of our even.
Yeah.
They'll never know.
Are you guys sure we've got enough?
Yeah.
It seems like nobody else is coming.
OK, let's go.
Wait, but if anybody else does come.
We can start back up.
We're going to feel pretty silly.
Shit.
No, can I tell you guys?
It's Al Roker.
What?
That's Al Roker.
Oh, it is Al Roker.
OK.
OK, now we do have Al Roker approaching.
I'm not talking anymore.
I fucked up Mary Lou Hinner.
I'm not going to fuck up Al Roker.
OK, we're going to talk to Al Roker.
This is going to happen.
Do we need to talk about?
It's Al Roker.
We're going to leave like chumps.
And then we got Al.
OK, guys, this is a big show.
Are we going to talk?
This is a big show.
Al's wearing jeans and a jacket that says USA on it,
probably from the Olympics.
What a pro move.
Are we going to talk about that one episode
where I made a bunch of sexual jokes about Al Roker?
No.
No, we're not going to talk about the one episode
where we made sexual jokes about Al Roker.
We're just going to be normal guys.
I think we talked about playing Roker poker.
OK, we can't do the advice thing anymore.
It's too weird.
Just tell him we're from regular guy's radio and we're not going to lie.
OK, just tell him.
We do an advice podcast.
How do you like to?
I'm going to lead the way on this one.
Griffin's going to talk to somebody for once.
OK, I'm going to get him, though.
Here's the motion I like to do, by the way, and it's hard to describe.
But it's kind of like a lean in, one hand out sheepishly,
like a minute of your time going on.
So he's got a microphone that is attached
to the thing that I'm holding in my hand.
It's almost like I'm fishing with Travis as bait,
reeling him in with the microphone.
There's one man who works here and I'm worried.
He's the one who said we only got two seconds with Mary Lou.
But he's also given me the names of people a couple of times.
It's very helpful.
I'm not saying it's his job.
I'm worried he's going to see us and say, like, they don't.
You don't want to talk to these guys.
They don't deserve Al Roker.
He knows about the sexual jokes.
Do you think anyone has ever been this nervous to meet Al Roker?
Yes or no?
Yes.
Yes.
OK, hands down.
I'm cool.
And this is what he's here for.
He's here to talk to the podcast.
He's here to talk to the podcast.
He's here to talk to the different podcasts that are here.
And I'm not talking on this one, by the way.
I'm smiling on it because I fucking Mary Lou here so bad.
You know what?
And I'm going to say this, and this might be even funnier.
Even if you want to talk to me of something really funny and good to say,
don't fucking, you hear me?
I'm going to be silent.
Don't you open that fucking mouth of yours.
I'm going to be so silent.
He's going to be like, what's this guy's deal?
Al Roker's looking at us while we're having this confrontation.
But I swear to God, Justin.
I won't answer.
Even if he asks what my deal is, I won't answer.
I'll just stare him down.
Intimidation game, baby, please don't do that, please do talk.
Now can I turn around?
Should I should I be your guy's photographer
and take a picture of you talking with Al Roker?
Yes.
Is that good?
I think people may not appreciate that.
I feel like they want to be posed.
They want to be posed.
Yeah.
That's a great point.
Yeah.
I've got a lot of selfies here on the right card.
Jimmy was a friend.
Al Roker is a future friend.
Al Roker.
The next time we see Al Roker, the next time we cover a Broadway premiere, we will.
Next time.
Next time.
I am not going to talk.
What did you guys think about the episode this week?
Well, it was OK.
Basically, we watched three people unspool.
We can't think about that.
No.
We're going to edit this all until we sound very cool in it.
I'm going to edit out like 30 of the times that Justin said that one dude's name over
and over and over again.
Which one?
Matt Doyle?
Matt Doyle.
I thought a lot of you were Matt Doyle.
This may end up in Matt Doyle's hands.
And if it does, I'm sorry that Justin thought you were every handsome man who watched.
This is not a joke.
Every handsome man.
He's a very handsome man.
And we don't know a lot of people.
Got a couple Matt Doyles coming up the carpet right now.
You guys are about to get Al Roker, and I'm just going to stand and stare into the-
Don't.
You need to engage.
I know what I said.
You need to engage.
It would be weird if you don't.
I'm not engaging.
Engage.
Justin.
I'll engage mentally, spiritually.
Say hi.
You're going to say you're not going to engage, or then the charm's going to pull you in.
The Roker charm.
Oh, he's not going to have time?
Just one quick question.
One quick question.
Hey, how's it going?
Real quick question.
We do an advice podcast.
Jimmy asked.
How many mics do you guys have?
I know.
Everybody keeps making fun of how many-
Freaking octopus.
Everybody's making fun of me.
You're an octopod push.
Yes.
Wow.
Dude, what the hell?
In case one goes out, there's three more?
We've never done this before.
We don't know how to do this.
Podcast.
How many microphones do you need?
Too many.
Technically, this is also a microphone, so that's five.
You've got a mic, you've got a mic.
What the heck?
Yeah.
Jeez, is there a question here?
I don't know.
How many mics does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many mics does it take to make a margarita?
We get on.
Ask a question.
This is exactly what Justin was afraid of.
Oh.
You got, what's your-
The play's over.
Got to go.
Glad we could come.
Well, now I feel silly asking the questions.
Oh, now you feel silly.
Now you feel silly.
You're holding 18 microphones.
Now you feel silly.
This is Jimmy's favorite podcast.
I'm sorry.
No, you're great.
That was great.
I think we're good.
I think we're done.
We're good.
Thank you so much.
I learned a lot.
Thank you.
Well, folks, we had a lot of fun here today.
The power of record just made fun of us so bad
that we can't do a podcast anymore.
So you just go ahead and unsubscribe.
Subscribe.
That'll be the final episode.
We had a good run.
This is the finale.
And I guess now we're going to cut to our post-game
sort of debrief.
Yeah, we'll debrief after this.
With a special guest star, Matt Doyle.
Wow.
Thank you to us for surviving that because-
I mean, yes.
Did we?
Yes, we're here.
So I assume we survived.
I've been living a half-life since that fateful night.
And thank you so much to James for having us out there.
I hope you don't regret it after hearing all of the work
we did at your big night.
But it's spilled milk.
If you haven't yet, we would ask you one more time
to go to maximumfun.org forward slash donate.
And just to recap, this is money that is going directly
to the shows that you love.
When you donate, you choose the shows you listen to
and they are the shows that benefit from your donation.
So if you start listening to new shows and maybe you want
to kick in a few extra bucks, it seriously is the only way
that we can all sort of keep going.
So it's really important.
Don't wait for your neighbor to do it.
You do it.
No, but-
You can do it.
But to that point, I also want to say,
if you are already a Max Fund donor and you're like,
well, I can't afford to up my donation this year.
Totally cool.
Totally understand that.
The last thing I would want is for anybody to make donations
they can't afford.
What you can do is you can go on social media.
You go online, you talk to your friends,
you text your friends, whatever you want to do to contact them
and say, hey, I know that you listen to this too.
I know you enjoy this.
Are you a member?
Have you considered becoming a member?
This, the bonus content-
Of the Church of Latter-day Saints.
Oh, yeah.
I thought you were doing something else.
Have you thought about becoming a member
and also supporting Max Fund?
But yeah, get on there, talk about it, tweet at us,
use the hashtag MaxFundDrive, share that link,
maximumfund.org forward slash donate
and help us get the word out.
So last time, and we're going to wrap up here,
go to maximumfund.org slash donate.
Choose a donation level that's right for you.
Pick the shows you listen to where your donation's going to go
and don't wait.
Just join up now and tell your friends.
Help us hit that goal of 25,000 new and upgrading members
and get some great gifts along the way.
And let's see.
I forget how we wrapped it up back in New York,
but I think we did a really great job of it.
Probably.
We're a little buzzed.
We survived.
Yes, we did it.
They can't say we didn't do it and we definitely didn't die.
We did the red carpet thing, which you heard,
and then we watched the premiere of Escape to Margaritaville
and I had a hell of a time.
Had a whale of a time.
I will say this too.
We were seated behind Martha Plimpton.
She seemed to enjoy it very much.
I had many emotions.
I laughed.
I mostly had sort of anger
that Martha Plimpton skipped us in the line.
You okay?
Justin just had a monster yawn.
Justin just had a monster yawn.
I left it all on the court.
You people heard.
I left it all on the court.
It is important to know, people at home,
it's about 9.45 and it feels like it's 2 a.m.
It's 9.45.
It feels like it's 2 a.m.
But Travis McElroy, I'm here to tell you,
it's five o'clock somewhere.
There it is.
Listen, here's the thing.
It's actually not.
It's 9.57.
It's 5.57 somewhere.
It's 4.57 somewhere.
Somebody's watching the clock like,
fuck yeah dude, three more minutes.
They have the Miller High Life just like cracked open,
ready to part.
Okay, I have the hint sheet, tip sheet here.
This thing is a fucking mess.
This is an old, old pirate map
that Justin aged 50 years by crumpling it nervously.
I mean, let's start broad strokes.
Okay.
Debrief about the red carpet.
I screamed at Mary Lou Henner and I feel bad about it.
You didn't scream at, you were caused to scream.
He screamed, you were caused to scream
towards Mary Lou Henner.
It was, you couldn't get yourself.
I heard her talking about it outside the restroom
and she said, there was a young man
who got so excited by my answer,
it just made my day.
Okay, good.
Well, that's nice.
Let's just go down the list here.
I've got this list.
Terry Collins.
Dead to me.
Former manager of the New York Mets, Terry Collins.
No, thanks.
We didn't flag you down
and so we took a personal in front of the fact
that you didn't come talk to us.
Before we get to her, I want to say Mark Helgenberger.
That was on me.
Mark Helgenberger was Travis's.
Mark, we didn't know.
There was a moment where I felt your energy
call to my energy and all I had to do was say,
Mark, and you would have come over
and I opened my mouth and I didn't
and that's on me because I don't get starstruck that often.
Yes.
But I love CSI so much.
Brenda Vaccaro.
That's the legit shit right there.
Brenda Vaccaro is a legit lady
who's welcome on my brother, my brother, me,
whatever she wants.
She desperately wants to come on my brother, my brother, me.
Sorry, what was it again?
I had margaritas.
The margaritas, you shouldn't,
they should charge like $30 extra for the ticket
and then there's like four margaritas
waiting for you at your seat.
It is such a good friend.
Your margarita before you watch the show,
escape to margaritaville.com.
I'm not saying it's necessary to enjoy it.
It's not, but it's like you're about to watch people
drink margaritas for literally two hours.
It is as if it's like a magic eye poster
where as you watch escape to margaritaville
and your eyes unfocused,
the people on stage are actually looking at you going,
we'll take a break if you need to go get a margarita.
Justin, can you say Matt Doyle's name 40 times
just to sort of take me back to-
Matt Doyle, it wasn't Matt Doyle.
It was Matt Doyle.
It was Matt Doyle.
Justin had an energy on the red carpet
and we've done some debrief before we started recording
just looking at the game tape.
And I think a couple of the screw-ups
were Justin yelling that this was hell
literally inches from the people
we were supposed to be talking to.
It was a little uncomfortable.
And then I think the other thing was him saying
Matt Doyle over and over again.
I think it's Matt Doyle he said.
Almost as if Matt Doyle had like murdered his whole family
and then Justin was having some sort of fever nightmare.
All right, now it's 10 o'clock.
Now it's five o'clock, so okay.
Thank goodness.
Ethan Souffle, great.
Amazing.
So good.
Turned into a great performance.
Patton Hughes.
Patton Hughes came to us.
That was our first-
An angel.
An angel from God.
I will always appreciate that.
And if I remember correctly,
I think Patton said like,
you are doing a good job.
And it gave me, it was like-
She was wrong, but like I appreciate it.
Yeah, check out Patton Hughes' series Heirloom
that you can go watch about Going Tomatoes.
It's great.
Martha Plimpton, again, didn't get a chance to sit down
or stand up with her,
but I did have a chance to sit down with her.
We sat behind her at the show
and she had a hell of a time.
Corey Cott turned in a great game.
Thank you, Corey.
Yeah, Corey was amazing.
Triple double on the court today from Corey Cott.
It was Corey Cott.
What did I say?
Corey didn't slip.
There's a dude here named Geezer Butler.
I didn't see anyone who looked like a Geezer.
Is he a Motorhead?
Yes.
Didn't see Geezer Butler,
but I did see Geezer Butler at the check-in,
the hotel.
So I know he's here.
Some people went to the show
and just didn't walk the line
to talk to plebs like us,
which I get.
I get.
I will say, having done it,
if I was one of the guests that was like on that
and they said, but if you don't want to,
I'd be like, stop there.
Don't want to.
I will.
Mary Lou Hennert was great.
We had literally two seconds with her.
That was the amount of time given to us,
which is good.
Which gave me the fucking yips in a major way.
Imagine someone looking at you going,
you have two seconds to impress Mary Lou Hennert.
I think maybe you need a codex to understand this episode
and how we interact with people who are famous.
Okay.
I think that I try to just treat them like,
you know, average Joe on the street.
Yeah.
Travis goes a little harder than that
in that he wants to be very good friends with them.
No, no, no.
Let me be clear.
I have two modes.
Mode one is this person might be my very good friend someday.
And mode two is I'm never going to see this person again.
Oh, okay.
You also have mode three, which is full iceberg,
which is I'm going to grab Mark.
I'm going to grab, there she goes.
Well, that's because where you freeze up.
Justin's.
Every so often, I do have a moment where I'm like,
oh, I got nervous meeting John Ross Bowie.
And he said, hi, I'm John.
I said, I'm John.
No, I'm not John.
Justin does a thing and you heard it with Mary Lou Hinner
that I think is really fun where he just kind of yells
as if the person's pulled a gun on her.
Justin has a very controlled energy 99.9% of the time.
Imagine, here's what it was.
I was very nervous.
I think the person I was most nervous about talking to
was Mary Lou Hinner because like,
in my mind, Mary Lou Hinner is legit.
Yes.
She's very, not to say these other people weren't legit,
but like Mary Lou Hinner's old school.
She's been in the game, crushing it day in, day out
for a long time.
She's wonderful.
And I was very nervous about talking to her.
And then this dude's like, you have two seconds.
So here's what it was.
I was very nervous about having two seconds
to get a good answer from Mary Lou Hinner.
Mary Lou Hinner gives us a good answer.
An amazing answer.
For me, it was a huge victory because we had used two seconds
and we'd got an answer from Mary Lou Hinner
in that two seconds.
So what you heard was the exaltation of like,
we had two seconds and we nailed it.
Yeah.
Oh, definitely.
Because I think that if you had said to Mary Lou Hinner,
what's the most dangerous sea creature?
And she'd said, I don't know, sharks?
Like it wouldn't have landed the same as her just like,
stepping up and like Ursula the sea witch.
If you want to tweet at these people to thank them
for being so nice to us, that'd be great.
Yeah.
Tweeted Steve Croft from 60 Minutes.
Turned in a good performance.
Barracuda.
He said Barracuda and we were like,
oh, this will be and then the handlers were like,
you're done.
Your time with Steve Croft is now over.
And I made a joke like,
I thought I would get 60 minutes, but he was already gone.
I want to say, and I don't know if you all heard this,
but worry about Al Roker.
All right.
So here's Al Roker.
Okay, time to recap Al Roker.
Time to get into this.
Let me say a word on Al Roker.
I don't think it helped as much as the handler person
thought it did to say, these are the McElroy brothers.
They host Jimmy Buffett's favorite podcast.
And that was how he entered.
Cause he looked at me and said,
you don't have time for Al Roker.
And I said, well, no.
He said Al Roker doesn't have time for you.
I have plenty of time.
I can make time for Al.
Listen, I'm going to do you all a favor.
You're too busy for Al Roker.
And I woke up this morning.
I was nervous that we would do a bad job.
I should have been nervous about the fact that Al Roker
was mere hours away from melting my ass in front of everyone.
Mark Helgenberger looked back and said,
oh, I don't want to talk to those boys.
Look at him.
His ass is melting.
Look at the young one.
His ass is dripping out of his slacks because Al Roker just.
I think you listened to Roker poker.
And I think he wanted vengeance.
And I think he melted.
He melted my ass.
Al Roker was amazing.
I was holding all of the sound equipment.
And so all of his melts were directly placed towards me.
To be fair.
We look like the biggest fucking idiots.
Like Griffin has.
OK, so Griffin, the visual, if you want to get it,
Griffin has like the zoom and we all
have our stupid ass microphones plugged into it.
And we're like holding another microphone.
Like children doing a bit of like a segment
for their local elementary school news.
Griffin is holding a laptop bag that we're not
using to store anything, but he is using it
as a base to lay the zoom on.
We look like children.
I'm dressed in my Easter Sunday best.
Yeah.
It was earned.
Yeah, he melted my ass.
And the whole time you all were laughing, having a great time.
I was getting your ass.
I was getting my ass melted.
But the whole time I was like, he's he is right.
What are we even doing?
So we had we had a great time and Jimmy Buffett.
So go see Jimmy.
Thank you for having us.
Escape to Margaritaville.
Listen, I can't endorse it enough.
It's so far.
If you're in New York and you're like, you know what I want to do tonight?
I want to have fun and just kind of like enjoy a really fun night at the theater.
This show made me feel better.
Hamilton, Hamilton, some dark stuff happens.
Yeah, some dark shit in Hamilton.
There's no murders in this one.
Well, except for the outside before when Al Roker murdered me in your ass, in my ass with his cruel words.
Anyway, go see Escape to Margaritaville.
Musical.com is the web address to go get tickets, buy tickets, come to New York, see it.
I guarantee you'll have fun.
And thanks to everybody for letting us pretend to be somebody for a little bit.
It's well put, Justin.
Thanks.
Goodbye.
