The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hey everybody, welcome, my brother, my brother, and me. It's an advice show for the modern
Scarra, and that means we go from goofs to spooks here on the show. No more jokes to be found,
only pokes at your grave. That's too scary, actually.
In fact, that's not even scary. We're going to murder you.
Yeah, it's not scary as much as it is like modeling and threatening.
I don't want to be modeling or threatening. I want to be Frankenstein,
whatever Frankenstein is. That's kind of scary. Hi, I'm your oldest brother, Frankenstein.
I'm your smallest brother, the Wolfman. I'm your baby brother, Osama bin Laden.
He's a pretty scary guy, though, I bet. He had a run, for certain.
Have you ever noticed that the Wolfman's never on the FBI's most wanted list?
Why are we doing more to stop the Wolfman? Can't stop people from breaking into the White House.
Maybe we could redirect our efforts. The White House, that's a lost cause. We can't worry about
that anymore. But what we can stop is Wolfman. We need to start a Wolfman program where they
can turn themselves in on the 29 other days and get amnesty and be locked in some kind of silver cage.
What if you saw a Wolfman and you were like,
hey, Wolfman's got nards. And he was like, I have a vasectomy. How dare you?
I'm a person.
A vasectomy doesn't... Oh, Justin, I have so many things to tell you about vasectomies, brother.
They don't just get all that stuff out of there.
First, before you start getting all fucking patronizing, tell me how much you know about
Wolfman anatomy, specifically genitalia, before you start trying to contradict my goof.
I can tell you I know a lot about human dicks and I know a lot about wolf dicks.
So I'm just going to conflate those two knowledge bases.
The fucking classic example of dealing with the Wolfman.
I bet that's what the mistake everybody makes is thinking he's half wolf and half man.
He's something else entirely.
And his nards are on his shoulder.
And his nards are on his shoulder.
It's not. Monster camp has established that that is not the truth.
Monster camp, monster team.
Monster friends.
Monster squad.
Super fun monster weekend.
Ass.
Weekend at Monsters.
Why don't we have any jokes? I took that seriously, huh?
And I said that we weren't going to do goofs anymore.
I guess I was being fucking a little bit of grain of truth there with no jokes.
No nothing funny.
You know, the problem is we're recording on a Monday and I have a case of them.
There was one.
There was one right there, Justin.
See, don't sell ourselves short.
You got one out.
That's one and it took us five minutes to get there.
So if we keep that up, we're going to have like 12 or 13 goofs in this episode.
And that's, I think that's pretty much on par.
Let's just get into the advice and hopefully our dear listeners will rescue us from the
I'm going to go ahead and say a very spooky slump that we find ourselves in.
Ooh, we can't think of jokes.
Ooh, your favorite podcast isn't as funny as it used to be.
I miss bramble pelt.
I get it.
We fucking get it, okay?
People, do a horse thing.
We're not fucking clowns.
We're not your fucking organ grinder monkeys.
We're human beings with real life responsibilities.
Sometimes, much like Tim and Eric, we want to pretend we were intentionally unfunny.
Exactly.
Can't you just give us that?
Once a year, maybe?
Once?
Like 12 times a year.
I know a guy who's very clearly crushing on me.
I've told him I'm not interested in dating him.
Twice, actually.
But I think he forgot the first time.
No, he didn't.
He didn't.
I would like to remain friends with him because despite him not being the sharpest pin in
the cushion, he's fun to be around.
So how can I get this through to this guy that I, as a chick who is not into dudes,
will never want to date him?
How is he fucking this up this hard?
Hey, it's the biggest fuck up you can do.
Remind me real quick.
What did you say when I asked you out last time?
Was it a yes or a no?
Was it a yes or no?
Are we dating now?
Because I can't remember.
Let me look at my Facebook.
Was it a yes or a no or I'm a lesbian?
Which of those was it?
Was it like 100% no?
Okay, cool.
Great, great, great.
I'll ask you again in like a week.
It's hard.
Like it's fucking hard.
Like I try not to cast aspersions on people that I know two sentences about, but it's
like this doesn't sound like a person that like wants to be your friend if they don't
if they don't take no as an answer.
And then they also don't take I'm a lesbian as an answer.
I don't I don't care how fun you are to be around if you're going to backseat drive
on my sexual identity.
I prefer you just get out of the car.
I always take I'm a lesbian for an answer no matter what the question is.
No matter what the question is, you can say that shit on Jeopardy.
What is I'm a lesbian?
And then you trip X like yup, got it again.
God, you're doing really great, Ken Jennings.
And for a thousand dollars, the answer is I'm just going to take some time away from
you right now.
The question is, I'm a lesbian.
That is what is it?
Is it it's like when women like other women, Alex, correct?
Why don't you know this?
How do you know everything in the world?
But not the blind spot.
Weird.
You're like a super smart.
Anyway, I don't think that somebody is I think it like not a joke if he's not on board with
like your sexual preference.
I don't think you guys are friends.
I don't think this is like a question of him picking up the clues or picking up the hints
or getting it.
I don't think it's that he's not the sharpest pin in the cushion, as you say.
I think it's that he's just like, no, I'm going to change your mind.
And like, you don't want to be friends with that person regardless.
There's nothing worse than that.
It's hard.
It's hard because like we are we have long been in the camp of like, if you have feelings
for somebody, tell them.
And it's hard to like reconcile that with like, tell them just the once.
And then if it's not if it's a no go because they don't prefer then fucking don't keep
doing it.
Then we need to rephrase it and say like, just tell her, dummy, and then listen.
And then listen so careful.
Oh, man.
Listen so good to the next part.
It's vital information.
If you're to have a next step, your next step is going to be determined by the next things
that are said.
And you should be on board with that.
Otherwise, you're just like watching her mouth move.
But in your head thing, like, I did it.
I asked her, oh, gosh, she's speaking.
I haven't been listening.
Oh, shit.
Did she say yes?
Did she say thespian?
Okay.
Actor, no actor.
That's all right.
I'll bring whatever bacon while you audition.
What a shit show.
Yeah, I don't like this at all.
This is this is I just don't think this person's worth spending time with anymore.
Here's what here's the argument that I would make as to that without again.
We don't know this cat.
Maybe he is a sweetheart.
But picking up on context clues, this is the painting that I'm getting right now.
This is someone who's asked you out.
And not only did he not take no for an answer.
He actually like is in denial about who you are as a person in the hopes that you will
change your mind about a lot of things and not just his fucking broken down personality.
And look, his whole situation.
I think he is just in it because he wants to date you.
I'm not sure somebody like that wants to be your friend.
It's such an uncomfortable thing for both parties and like it's uncomfortable the first
time and that's why people are afraid to do it.
To keep doing it, to keep subjecting you to that discomfort is like is weirdly cruel.
To himself, right?
To himself, to you, it's it's uncomfortable for everyone.
It's uncomfortable for me and I don't even fucking know your real name.
It's uncomfortable for our listeners who have been subjected to this third hand.
There are 30 million people who are uncomfortable now.
We have 30 million listeners.
I don't want to be uncomfortable anymore.
We're basically the Big Bang Theory.
Bazoon Joes.
Bazooka Joes.
Bazooka Joch.
Hey, here's a Yahoo.
It's sent in by Rachel Sperling.
Thank you, Rachel.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Nina.
It's in the pregnancy and parenting newborn baby section.
So Justin.
I should be able to feel this one.
Yeah.
Nina asks, why does my baby have forehead lines?
I just have my son a week ago and he was born with lines on his forehead.
The kind of older people get from raising their eyebrows too much,
worrying and stuff like that.
Well, why does my baby have them?
I have never before seen or heard of babies having them.
Is it normal?
I keep convincing myself that it's my fault because I literally stressed every day while
I was pregnant.
I know only time can tell, but do you think he'll always have these lines or is there
a chance they'll go away as he gets older?
Again, he had them right when he came out of me.
The world's scowliest baby.
I think that I've never heard of a baby with worry lines, but based on the information
provided to me in this Yahoo Answer, I do think this baby has cause for concern.
RE, his parental situation.
I think that he may have some room to worry.
Well, I think the most worrying thing of this whole situation is that this woman doesn't
know the word wrinkles.
You know, like those lines, like old people get them, you know.
Like skin creases, shit.
You know, it's like when the skin kind of like together, you know, it's like a butt
crack on their face.
You know, you know.
Oh boy, I have never seen a baby.
I would be distressed if I worked really hard to have a baby.
Well, my wife would, but then that baby came out and looked like fucking William Daniels.
I would be heartbroken.
I wanted a new human being.
And this human being looks like William Daniels mustache and all.
Maybe that's it.
Maybe like there's a like knowing soul trapped inside the baby who can't communicate because
it's a baby.
And like all they can do is like scowl and furrow their brow and try to figure out a
way out of this.
Oh my God, is it a Benjamin Button?
Is this the first?
You got old man baby, the first evidence, the first Benjamin Button in the wild.
The baby was born with wrinkles and tattoos and piercings and glasses.
It was bilingual.
I haven't seen the movie.
What is the return policy here on the baby?
Oh, I can feel this one ain't got none.
She would think you would think that they would have some sort of like right now.
My baby has hair on the top of her head and then the rest of her hair is sort of sliding
down a reverse bald spot like kind of a Wallace Shawn thing going on.
I'm like, oh boy, what is I'm checking for warranties, looking for the receipts.
I don't have any receipts.
I have a social security number.
Oops, mine for good.
Can you trade her out with one of those like spare babies?
Spare.
No, actually, they do not include burner babies with your baby.
It's really just the.
Yeah.
So Cabal Cabal, I didn't have a have a baby, give a baby, need a baby, take a baby system
going on.
Just like a tray, like a little bowl on the front desk, just a little ball there on the
front desk next to the peppermint swirls.
They apparently used to have one, but now they have these bracelets on their legs that
beep when you try to participate in that particular program.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I thought this was my baby.
I guess I did bring a watermelon wrapped in a blanket that I was gonna.
But that was for eating.
I promise I I have to assume that babies when they are born because they don't have like
shit like, you know, marrow or that stuff that connects your bones.
And so I imagine that babies are like the most pliable you are as a human being.
So you could probably nip tuck that stuff pretty easy and just sort of chop.
Yeah, you just get a chip clip, pull the skin back.
You just chip clip it and then it should clip your baby.
Just chip clip it.
All I'm saying is that if much of society thinks is permissible to cut the tip of a
baby's wiener off.
Yep, because it won't remember.
This seems like a perfect time for it to go under the knife to get a tuck, a nip tuck.
So face facelift.
You're saying you are saying cut, cut, cut the tip and clip the chip.
Clip the chip and cut the tip, get your baby looking as fresh as the day he was not even
the day he was born, I suppose, but maybe the few weeks ago when he was looking all
right.
Change your kind of change your William Daniels into a Bill Daniels.
Who's a young actor?
Bill Daniels.
Turn your William Daniels into a Daniel Ratcliffe.
That works fine, but he has some lines.
He has some unsightly lines, too.
Well, it's a lightning bolt.
Okay, you don't need to be an asshole about it.
I'm a 25 year old student and I'm in a pickle.
The vast majority of my friends are women all the way from high school through uni.
Excuse me, college.
Thank you.
And the various places where I've been employed, I'm perfectly fine with this.
I enjoy their company and I don't feel like I'm missing anything by not having a group
of male friends to bro out with.
So I'm assuming this is a man writing this.
However, I'm not doing so well in the romantic scene.
Whenever I tried asking a girl out, I got rejected.
Even when she was a lesbian.
Stop.
Whoa.
No, it doesn't say that.
I don't need any help getting out of the friend zone.
That concept is stupid.
And besides, I'm quite fine with keeping my friends as friends.
I just don't understand why I seem to get along with women so well in a platonic context,
but fail miserably whenever I try to find that special someone.
Help me out, brothers.
How do I find that other half of my life that I'm missing?
And that's from Lovelorn in the Levant.
Oh, that's a great pen name.
Jesus Christ almighty.
I feel like we're about to get into some shit here.
I think we're about to get in the shit.
Put on your muck boots and just jump right in.
Because yeah, I think a lot of people are like this.
I know I certainly was.
I think it's safe to say like coming up, most of my friends were, you know, theater friends
all the way up through like high school and even a lot of college.
And so a lot of those theater friends were women.
And I was really good friends with a lot of women, but not such great friends with sex.
I was not-
Sex and I, not close.
Me and basically any erotic activity were not, how I say this, acquainted.
Right.
I mean, the answer to your question is right there in the question.
You've been making friends with women from high school all the way through university
for a decade now, and you are comfortable with that idea.
You're comfortable with that relationship.
You're practiced in like the social ramifications of those relationships.
And you just haven't practiced outside of that.
So like, it's not that surprising that you would get good at the thing that you have
done over and over and over again.
I think the secret is you've got to start back at scratch a little bit when you're
talking about something that could be more romantic.
Like you have to give yourself permission to be kind of a neophyte when it comes to
that, because it sounds like you don't have nearly the amount of experience.
Do you think that those two ideas are mutually exclusive though?
Because I might just be like conflating them in a way that doesn't make any sense.
Because it's super, super, super great that you recognize that the friend zone idea is
bullshit and that nobody should treat their pool of friends who are female as a potential
grazing ground if only you know how to make that conversion.
That's a super fucked up way to think.
And that's great that you understand that.
But is there some sort of connection between knowing how to be friends with women without
being gross about it and not being especially romantically adept?
No, I don't think it's about being friends with women.
I think it's just about being friends.
Like you are good at being friends.
You are not so good at romance because you haven't practiced as much.
I think, okay, this is so thwarting to talk about.
I know.
It really is.
The thing that's hard about it is like we are, A, I know we're approaching this from
like a like really crazy heteronormative like position.
So I keep getting tripped up on like gender pronouns and what have you.
I don't think anything we're talking about is like exclusive to anyone's sex or gender
or anything.
I mean, I think that it is completely applicable to no matter where you fall on the gender
and sexuality spectrum.
I think that any, I think all I'm getting at is that romantic relationships are a different
skill set and it's a different thing that you need to learn and part of the reason you're
being so successful with making friends with these people and not in like a romantic sense
is because when you're making friends with people, you're not putting any pressure on
yourself.
Exactly.
It's the exact same way as when you're in like a committed relationship, you seem to
do better with people who would find you repellent before.
It's because you're not playing the game, you're not putting a bunch of pressure on
yourself, you're just being yourself.
I will also say this, it makes me think about, you know, like when you get out of a long
relationship and then the next time like you get back in the dating pool, the problem you
run into is trying to jump too quickly to the level you were at in your previous relationship
and like that can screw things up and like you're coming into it going, oh, I'm so rusty,
I'm so used to being in the relationship.
Maybe that same thing is applying here where it's like you're so used to being in a
friendship that you're just like trying to jump to that level of comfort with the
person because you're so comfortable with all your other female friends.
I don't think that's necessarily unhealthy.
I think what Justin said was exactly right, which is the only distinction between those
different skill sets is the pressure that you put on yourself when you are trying to
pursue a romantic relationship with somebody.
But isn't that pressure kind of good because it makes you like, you know, performance
or your best and like try your best with a person for some people.
But like I, that, that pressure I think is, is nominal and you don't, there are people
who let it just fucking wreck everything.
And, and, and that is, that's where you need to pump the brakes a little bit and knowing
nothing about your situation.
I would say that, that, you know, might be the most likely thing of like, well, this
has to be different from how I treat my other friends when really like relationships like
romantic relationships are just friendship with a little bit that extra fire.
You know what I mean?
Whoa, so beautiful.
That's beautiful.
We've been talking very, very seriously for a while and I hope we didn't fart some poop.
Yeah.
Okay.
Who are those guys?
Should we have a Yahoo?
Yeah.
Yahoo would be great Griffin.
This Yahoo was sent in by level 451 Yahoo shaman Drew Davenport.
Uh, this Yahoo was asked by Yahoo Answers user Sadie who asks, haunted corn maze actor
tips, please.
I'm working in a maze this year and my character is a saloon girl cannibal and I can't think
of anything to say.
What would be scary to you?
How about another bottle of sarsaparilla?
Okay.
So I'm not sure that a portmanteau is like, I know that you're fucking terrified of those
things when people put two words together that should be a part.
Ah, no, thanks.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm terrified of them for good reason though.
I mean, look at how I brought this show to a screeching halt.
Yeah.
How about this?
Like, uh, hey cowboy, I bet you get pretty hungry out there on the range.
Care for a bite?
Cause she's a, cause she's a cannibal.
That's like a slow, that's like a line from-
Where are you going?
Wait, I haven't finished my sentence.
That's like, that's like, sounds like she's trying to like seduce him and eat him like
a praying mantis.
Right.
It sounds like a line from old west species.
But also- Is that not what's going on?
It's just not how corn mazes work.
Where you jump out and you're like- He's gone.
You're like, bruh, hey there cowboy, you look hungry because you've been out on the range.
You've been taking the long road from Tuscaloosa and it looks to me like, ah shit, another one.
Oh, I, I know, just jump out and yell.
I got my masters for this.
Yeah.
I went to, I went to corn maze school.
I was on three episodes of, uh, Days of Our Lives.
From a, from a day player on psych to this.
I, why do you need characters in a corn maze?
Well, a corn, a corn maze is the fucking scariest imaginable place that you can be.
A, you could die in there.
You could just get lost and die in there.
It happens every year.
There's like 30 deaths.
It's like more than, um, more than shark bites.
Um, B- And way more than shark tank.
B- It goes, it goes corn maze.
Corn mazes, shark attacks.
And then pop machines falling over on people.
Pop machines falling over on people.
That's exactly right.
B- corn is the scariest vegetable.
It looks like a knife.
It looks like a knife.
It's got a fucking hilt.
It has its own scabbard.
So maybe a sword.
Knives typically don't have scabbards or hilts.
Um, C- Scarecrows.
Right.
It's just there.
It's just right there.
I just, why not, why not just like wear a scary mask and jump out?
Do you think the guy who invented the scarecrow,
like on the day he invented it, he was like,
ah, that's pretty, uh, and he invented it during the daytime.
He was like, I got to figure out something to do to get rid of these crows.
Wait a minute.
I got it.
I'll make a scarecrow.
And he made it up in the daytime.
He was like, eh, pretty good invention, old timey man.
I think I crushed it.
And then that first night he looks out the windows like,
what the fuck have I done?
This is this, hey Martha, come look at this shit.
I'm losing my mind.
Look what I did.
I made the scariest thing ever.
So now I'm a, I'm a nightmare weaver, Martha.
I'm a nightmare weaver.
I am Edgar Allan Poe.
I made a, I made a scare human.
I'm Stephen King, senior, senior, senior.
I can't believe I just created this terrifying vision.
I was at Home Depot the other day buying a fire pit
and they had their, you know, they had their autumn regalia out
and there was a fucking scarecrow that was just like propped out in the garden section
and there were actually crows on it.
Like actual crows just like chilling.
Pretty good scarecrow.
Pretty good job inventor of the scarecrow.
You invented things that can only scare humans and nothing else.
Well done, sir.
No, the world wasn't scary enough.
Let's go ahead and get more stuff
and make sure that we surround it with knife-shaped produce.
Terrific job.
The worst part about that is that guy had to watch all the time to see if it was working.
He just had to stare at that thing.
Maybe set up like an old timey lawn chair next to it
and just see if the crows were coming.
And eventually they became friends.
I lost a shoe in a corn maze once.
Do you remember those books that like you used to buy at the Scholastic Book Fair
that were like scary story six or whatever?
Yeah, goose pimples.
They were scary as fuck.
There was one about like a scarecrow that like peeled people's skin off
and laid it out to dry on a barn or some shit.
Yeah, but it was actually Richard Gere dressed up like a scarecrow.
Well, I think that's the plot of the hit West Virginia made film Dark Harvest.
Richard starring.
I can't believe they got Richard Gere in that independent film production.
Yeah, it's a big hit.
But actually that's funny.
Richard Gere is in the Mothman movie, which is set in West Virginia.
Right, he was in WV.
He was like, let me swing by for Dark Harvest.
But I'm also-
Let me get into Dark Harvest real quick.
I'll play a scarecrow.
It'll be easy for me because I do that shit in real life.
Every scarecrow you see, Richard Gere's in there somewhere.
And he wants your skin.
He would love it.
He would love nothing-
That's how he stays looking so young.
He would love nothing more than to take your skin, put it on himself,
get rid of those fucking William Daniels wrinkles.
When he does that charming Richard Gere wink, that's his eyelid skin falling off.
And he's trying to scoot it back in place.
There's a special motion graphics designer that works on every fucking film he's in
that has to edit that shit out.
That has to edit out the sloughing of his skin to the floor.
Guys, if one celebrity besides Richard Gere had to be every scarecrow,
which actor or actress do you think would be, is like the most like a scarecrow?
I think Jeff Goldblum is very much like a scarecrow.
Well, that's not fair.
No, he's like an American treasure.
I love Jeff Goldblum.
Are you saying because he has the dimensions of a scarecrow?
Is that what you're saying?
Because that's hateful.
I'm just saying if it turned out he was a scarecrow the whole time,
I wouldn't be surprised.
Bushimi too.
Well, that's-
Okay, I'm sorry, Justin.
I hate to call you on semantics, but you wouldn't be surprised
if it turned out that Jeff Goldblum had been a scarecrow all along.
If Jeff Goldblum just fell over at the Oscars and a bunch of straw poured out of him,
you'd be like, I fucking knew it.
I told everyone.
I'm 33.
It's very hard to surprise me.
We met Jeff Goldblum outside the show door at the Rainmaker and-
I lit a cigarette and he lost his fucking mind.
Explain that.
He said like, what, hey?
He said, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That's my Jeff Goldblum impression.
Yeah, it sounds a little bit like Yogi Bear.
No, no, no, no.
But hey.
We must get away.
We must get away from the cigarette.
Hey, no, no, no, no.
Hey, hey, Badda Badda.
Impressions.
If we're going to afford all of these anti-Richard Gear wards
that we have to hang in every room of our house,
we're going to need some more money.
We're going to need some more intake.
Let's go to my room.
Two words, people.
Two words.
Piss beard.
Piss beard.
No, you can't say that, Griffin, because we haven't-
Ah, fuck.
We broke the time stream.
We ran out of time reversal cubes.
Don't worry, guys.
We're going to talk about piss beards here in a few minutes.
And you're going to realize why, and you're
going to love the jokes.
Go on, Jeff.
But the two words are free snacks.
Yes.
If you act now, we're going to give you the opportunity
to get free snacks.
And here's the thing.
Snacks are not only good, they're good for you,
if you get the right ones.
You got to get delicious, wholesome snacks
at naturebox.com.
We've been talking about Naturebox for, I think, 18 years
now.
And if you haven't tried it, you are a fool.
You're a fool.
I'm thinking about-
But maybe this is your first episode.
Maybe you've never listened to it before.
Then you're still a fool.
Here's the deal with Naturebox.
Naturebox gives you hundreds of snack options.
And these are like, really, all three of us are subscribers
and very, very happy about it.
You'll find snacks with no added sugar, no gluten,
that kind of stuff.
It's all in there.
Everything for everyone.
Which makes them sound shitty, but they're actually
extremely good and very delicious.
I'm thinking about getting on that Benjamin Franklin schedule
where I just eat only snacks 20 times a day.
I have 20 little meals and it'll be like sunflower
kettle kernels.
Known picture of health, Ben Franklin.
Well, later on-
You get to go through and pick whatever you want.
And it's way like peanut butter nom-noms are kind of like
the go-to.
There's like a cocoa nom-nom that's so good.
That's what Theresa and I, all we did was like eat Naturebox
as we drove across the country.
And it kept us going.
Kept us from murdering each other.
It was really nice.
With Naturebox, we used to do a 50% off thing.
This is new.
You're going to get a free trial box by going to
naturebox.com slash my brother.
You can get five of the most popular snacks for free.
That's huge.
I had no idea that we were doing that.
Here, enjoy.
Oh, are you starving?
Give us your hungry, your tired, your poor.
Here are five snacks.
If you don't do it at this point where you get a free box,
like what are you doing?
What's your fucking problem?
Do you hate food?
Are you a plant?
Are you a plant or a person?
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother, you plant.
Come on, plant.
Come on, stupid plant.
My Brother, My Brother, Me is also supported by Squarespace,
the all-in-one platform that makes it fast and easy to create
your own professional website or online portfolio.
They really are some good looking goddamn websites.
As a person who's taken like two and a half hours of Code
Academy lessons, I can say that this is some sound coding
that they've done here.
Some sound web design and programming.
They have all kinds of presets that you can use that are
beautiful to start out with, and then you can chop and screw
them how you like.
They have a support team that's available 24-7.
They have a logo generator to design your own logo.
Not everybody has their own Justin Russo.
Some people need software.
It starts at $8 a month, and that includes a free domain name
if you sign up for a year.
Maybe you're like me and you listen to other podcasts,
and you've heard about Squarespace before, but you've
never checked it out.
Well, let me tell you why this is different.
If you check it out using our code, it benefits us.
We get stuff from it.
Yeah, it helps us rather than those other shitty podcasts
that you listen to, so this is important.
It really is great.
It's all responsive design, so your site will work on every
device conceivable.
Game Boy Color, Game Boy Pocket.
So go to Squarespace.com and use the offer code MYBROTHER.
That's all one word, MYBROTHER, to get 10% off your first
purchase.
That's Squarespace.
A better web starts with your website.
It's got to fucking be the change you want to see on the
information superhighway.
I got a message for Jeff and Dylan, and it's from Jeff,
but a different Jeff.
What are the odds?
I know.
Jeffrey and Dylan.
Happy five month anniversary, Jeffrey and Dylan.
Jeffrey and Dylan, sorry for the delay, Jeffrey and Dylan.
For the only person tardier than the brothers is me, Jeffrey
and Dylan.
Jeffrey and Dylan, some serious apologies, Jeffrey and
Dylan.
Jeffrey and Dylan, do you want to get a drink later, Jeffrey
and Dylan?
Absolutely.
Fantastic.
Nothing I can add there.
You did it.
Congratulations.
You split the goof uprights.
We said no goofs on this episode, and yet you managed to
pull one out of the abyss.
Squeak one in.
Then I got another message for Trailer from-
Whoa!
You could not have fucked that up worse.
It's from Trevor.
Trevor, I'm sorry.
I pined for you.
Autumn is who the message is from.
It's from Airstream.
Autumn says, hi Tee.
Hi Tee.
Hi Tee Tee.
Yep.
That nickname is official since the McBros-
Sorry, he's got a new better nickname, and that's Trailer.
We made it up called Trailer.
Thanks for letting me paint your toenails and fart on you while
you're sleeping.
I've been doing it for almost four years now.
Yay, love.
The shout out is the best drunk purchase ever.
Yes, it is.
You're the best.
And then this says, please follow message with more Amelie
impersonation.
It sounds like she wants Trailer to do that.
I have a happy birthday, Trailer.
I am in your glove compartment.
I don't think it's Trailer's birthday,
but maybe in Amelie's world.
Happy birthday, Trailer.
In Amelie's world, it's everyone's birthday all the time.
Everyone is birthday all the time.
Fantastic.
Everyone is birthday.
So best-
That's true today.
Best money zone yet.
Mark your calendars for a brand new thing.
The first ever Max Fun Week is coming up October 15th through 21st.
Max Fun Week's all about celebrating the creativity and
passion of our listeners.
We'll have podcast crossovers, Q&As, behind the scenes,
tours, giveaways, and more.
No fundraising, just awesome stuff for you.
So tune into your favorite Max Fun shows,
tell a friend about Max Fun, and check out some new shows
during Max Fun Week, October 15th through 21st.
Oh shit, breaking news.
We've got some farm wisdom.
I can't believe it.
Farm wisdom.
Put your scarecrow in the barn, farm wisdom.
And then light that barn on fire.
Stop him anyway you can, farm wisdom.
Griffin, I would like you to read it, please.
Okay.
This is the worst thing I've ever read.
This is the world's worst sentence.
Thank you for listening to my brother, my brother, and me.
This is the world's worst sentence.
You're hearing the debut of the world's worst sentence right now.
Here it comes.
All right, you're not, your life is not gonna be the same.
This is going to be the moment that you'll always remember
of where it all started to go bad.
Your whole existence.
There's still time to get out.
There's still time to leave before the world's worst sentence.
Billy goats pee in their mouth and beard when they're horny.
And that's from Cassandra and Micah,
who just ruined the lives of 30 million people.
What Cassandra and Micah do not include is the phrase on purpose.
Is it like an accident thing?
Is it like they're like so horny, like shit, not again.
Oh man, not again.
Piss beard.
I gotta stop getting so horny and then peeing on myself.
Horny all the time.
Uh, hey, Greg, uh, yeah, Mitch, what's going on?
Yeah, Greg, uh, just so you know, I noticed that when my wife stopped by earlier this week,
you know, Darla?
Yeah, I know Darla.
Yeah, I noticed when she stopped by, your beard smelled like piss.
And I, I want you to explain that to me right now, or our friendship is over.
The reason for that, and I think I figured it out,
is that I watched you piss in your mouth and beard.
So, should we dissect this?
Is there something we need to talk about?
Is there something going on here?
What I want to find out, but I'm not willing to look it up,
is if it's like they do it and react to it,
or if it's just like something that happens and they just stand there
continuing to be horny, gently peeing in their mouths and beards.
Do you think that's why they eat all that garbage?
Because they're trying to find something.
Because they feel like garbage?
I feel like garbage.
This is what I deserve.
I deserve this.
Look at me, I'm a monster.
It's, it's super weird.
This past summer, I went and saw Disney planes fire and rescue,
and I started pissing in my mouth and beard.
So I guess, is it planes that talking planes do it, do it for me?
Is it maybe the whole Cars universe?
I'm changing, I'm metamorphosizing,
because fucking Cassandra and Micah just ruined my life.
Thank you Cassandra and Micah for that sentence.
Do you think Zambonis are the fat people of the Carsverse?
Probably not.
How about a question?
I'm very awkward when it comes to receiving compliments,
and although it's very nice to hear that someone likes something I'm wearing,
or my new haircut, I always have some very odd responses.
I have a terrible habit of needing to respond where I got something,
or how I got it, as soon as it's acknowledged.
Now, if getting these things from somewhere interesting,
or I had a cool story behind them that might be different,
but most of my clothes I get secondhand, or I cut my own hair,
so our conversation usually ends in a lull,
where the person stares at me, waiting for some sort of point to my story.
For others, how can I learn to respond to things without going on long and boring tangents?
Uh, not unlike this question.
Okay, wait, I want to play this out.
Justin, I need you to compliment my hair.
Okay.
Okay, hey Travis, your haircut's looking good.
I cut it myself.
Yeah, it's pretty bad.
Can I- you know, I was laughing when you were reading that question.
I came to the slow and horrifying realization that nobody in the fullness of my lifetime
has ever asked me where I got an article of clothing or haircut in my life, ever.
Is my shit super busted?
Is it because I only wear clothes I bought at Target,
and Target clothes are designed to be almost camouflage-esque,
almost like razzle-dazzle?
They're super fucking hard to like, get a lock on my clothes,
because they're so normal, all my Mossimo jeans.
Where did you get those Mossimo jeans?
I must know.
Was it Target, the only place where they have those?
Are you even wearing jeans right now?
I'm trying to focus on the bottom half of your body, and I can't-
My attention just slides off here.
I'm trying to focus on the same two flannel shirts you've bought 20 times,
but it doesn't seem to stick for some reason.
You literally blend in with everything.
Where did you get your hair buzzed with a size six guard every fucking time
for the past seven years?
I must know.
You pay somebody to do that?
What do you call that?
Oh, I call it the same haircut I've gotten for a long, long time.
No, Rachel does it for me in our backyard.
It's a pretty good money-saving tip.
Have Rachel cut your hair.
Have my wife cut your hair in our backyard.
She does a great job.
She gets a little nervous about cutting the bangs,
which I don't blame her because that is the money zone.
That's my money zone.
You know where this gets awkward is I have a shirt that I made with Justin Russo.
Uh, we, we had a clothing line, uh, for a while called 100% Juddalo
because I thought it was pretty funny to replace Jug in Juddalo with Judd
and make a shirt that said 100% Juddalo and it had a picture of the Judds on it.
And I will occasionally receive compliments on this shirt
and then I have to look at this person straight in the eye and say,
Thanks, I'm an idiot.
Thanks, I'm a stupid animal.
You can find some if you want.
But if the question is, I need an interesting response,
I don't feel like you get more interesting than thanks.
I made it myself.
And then they go, what?
No, you didn't.
Yes, I did because I thought it was funny, but now I feel stupid.
I guess, I guess that's true.
The problem is I forgot the link for so long that I can't tell people where to get their own.
Geocities.com slash 100% Juddalo.
As it turns out, it's Juddalo.spreadshirt.com.
And apparently the last tweet from at Juddalo,
Juddalo apparel official Twitter account was June of 2012.
And I said, the people who have spoken,
Juddalo begins work on his Judd Nelson shirt coming soon.
That lies, empty promises.
So that is not a thriving, I thought that would get me out of the podcast racket,
but it didn't.
Justin, I feel like more than either of us,
you have a lot of distinctive apparel in the form of your,
I mean, obviously the gold standard is your fat mama t-shirt,
a t-shirt celebrating the personal brand of fat mama,
who you might know, you won't know from the television show,
who wants to be a superhero starring Stan Lee.
I do have a fat mama shirt that I bought from fat mama.
The problem is I can't see that shirt in the dark.
Oh wait, I can.
You can, because it does glow in the dark and of course there is a donut.
I've gotten to a point, another fun tidbit about my wardrobe is that,
is that my in-laws, Sidney's family,
have made trips to Tybee Island in Georgia for a long time.
That has been their vacation spot of choice for the past five years or so.
And every time they went, they would bring me back a Tybee Island t-shirt that they purchased.
And since I've been going with them,
I have continued the tradition by buying Tybee Island t-shirts.
So I started getting them ironically,
like I laughed because her little sister picked them out.
She was like six or seven at the time.
So they maybe weren't the most fashion forward.
And then all of a sudden it turned out that half of the clothes that I own say
Tybee Island on them somewhere along with some other rejoinder,
like it's five o'clock somewhere in Tybee Island.
This is breaking Southern California news.
Jesse Thorne is burst into flames somewhere and nobody knows why.
You've been listening to Take This Off starring the McElroy brothers.
Beach t-shirts relax me now.
I don't know what it is.
We're killing fashion one shirt at a time.
Take that.
So sue me.
It's October in West Virginia.
I'd like to live on island time for a day.
I have Spotify open right now on my computer.
Do you want me to blast you?
Do you want me to put you on blast?
Because I got your history right here in the sidebar taken back by Jimmy Buffett.
Nautical Wheelers by Jimmy Buffett.
Jolly Mon Sing by Jimmy Buffett.
Steamer by Jimmy Buffett.
Treat Her Like a Lady by Jimmy Buffett.
Mañada by Jimmy Buffett.
When Salome Plays the Drum by James Buffett.
Havana Daydreaming by Jimmy Buffett.
What the fuck happened to you?
I had a case of the Mondays.
Are you fucking possessed?
You used to be my brother.
I had a case of the Mondays.
I had this old Monday blues and I was just trying to chase it away.
I just want to remind people of the concept of the show is that Justin makes up one-third
of the team that feels qualified to tell other people how to live their life.
How did you fuck all?
You guys want to Yahoo?
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Sure.
This Yahoo was sent in by Justin Rubio.
Thank you, Justin.
It's by Yahoo Answers user JB who asks,
Best fast rap hip-hop songs to have sex to.
I love really fast and loud hip-hop songs.
E.G. Drop by Timbaland and Magoo.
Is that a person?
I believe so, yeah.
Or songs like Lip Gloss by Lil Mama.
I also like fast-paced club music like Warp 1.9 by the Bloody Beat Roots.
That's fake.
Thanks.
Fast rap hip-hop songs to have sex to.
Fast rap hip-hop songs to have sex to.
I like that mystical track, Hit Me.
That'd be a good one.
That's pretty good.
I like Bombs Over Baghdad by Outkast except if you do that,
the friction would break all the bones in both your bodies.
Is there a point at which it becomes so sexy that it stops being sexy like Anaconda?
Oh, that's the least erotic song, I think.
Great job.
You made a song about butts which are basically the best part that any of us have
and you just kind of ruined it.
You just kind of ruined the whole sort of concept of what a butt can be.
It did come out of the point where there are like six other butt songs though.
That is true.
I didn't get that all about that bass was about.
So I got confused and I was talking to friends about this the other day.
Is all about that bass about big butts
or is it about like them actually preferring like the low parts of songs?
Griffin, the bridge is I'm bringing booty back.
It just seems like I want her to pick one thing or the other.
But she's all about that bass.
You know what I mean?
Like, like, you're not comfortable with the double entendres.
I just don't.
Do you like the song by JLo and Iggy Azalea simply called Booty?
Is that clearer to you?
Does that like fit more into your concept?
I do.
Yeah, I do.
I do.
And I'll tell you why.
It's because what are we all about?
Booty.
Fantastic.
Thank you.
Me too.
What are you all about?
I'm about bass, like the low parts of music, but I also butts.
And it's like I have.
I've got a hit Bubba Sparks featuring Ying Yang's track for you.
Griffin called Miss New Booty.
Okay.
Wherein the Ying Yang Twins just say booty booty booty.
Yeah, no, that's fantastic.
That's so many songs about booty, but not a lot of songs about breasts.
That's a good.
That's a great point.
I mean, you never hear a song that's like, I like big boobs.
They're pretty great.
Brass everywhere.
Brass, brass everywhere.
Travis, you're apparently not familiar with Sir Mix-a-Lot's
less popular follow up.
Put them on the glass.
But but we.
Sorry, Travis.
Sorry, Travis.
Put them on the glass.
My ticket and it in a little.
Put them on the glass for me.
I just did.
And it was great.
I put them on the glass.
I think to get back to my point about all about that base is I think I just think it
could be two songs.
I think she could have one song that's like, isn't the low parts of music really great?
And then another song that's like, hey, now now that we're done with that other song,
let's talk about butts for a little while.
I don't think that's what you're saying here with like a like a like queen did with
we will rock you and we are the champion.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
It's a two part song.
I'm saying it's like the Pure Prairie League Amy into in and out of love with you.
I'm saying it's it's four play long time.
I'm saying it's let's talk about butts.
OK, next part of the song is her Layla and weird ending of Layla.
That's what I'm saying.
Travis, that's what I was just about to say.
Why did Eric Clapton ruin Layla by putting a part at the end?
That's not as good as the rest of the song.
Please listen to this for another three minutes.
How about you already started listening to this and here's some more of a song.
I hope you weren't looking for the next song on the radio because it's going to be a while.
I'm saying we have a brain stew situation on our hands or we could.
I think it would be a much, much improved thing.
It could be like all about that bass, about that bass.
No treble and butts are cool and butts are great.
They are better when they're big.
That's what my mom said.
That is just a prototype, I'm assuming you're going to smooth out some of these baby wrinkles.
Butts and butts and butts and butts.
Good job, butts.
Keep it up.
Hey, but let's talk about you now.
You have nothing to do with music.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
And then it's mostly hey after that.
I would buy that track.
It's a good track.
It's two tracks.
Double your money.
This is what I'm saying.
So many young artists, musical artists are fucking broke nowadays.
All of your favorites, Coldplay, they have nothing.
They have no money.
They have no dollars.
Because of their song about butts and music.
It's all about butts and music.
Exactly.
Sorry, Travis.
Sorry.
Hold on.
Breaking news.
Travis, your fucking 100 Lives of Blackjack Savage pull has just been outdone by your
obscure reference to the hit musical, A New Brain, starring the guy from Caroline in the City.
It couldn't be done.
It was so obscure that I didn't even realize it was a fucking reference.
So that's where we are as an entertainment show now.
So now one third of us got it.
What I'm saying, the point that I'm making is that this young lady, this young musical
artist can double her profits.
She can have two chart toppers instead of just the one that is going to get the iTunes
downloads.
It's all about fucking diversifying.
But here's the question.
Does the song about music have the same draw as the song about butts?
It does if you fucking attach them.
You know, the good thing about it is that I feel comfortable giving my baby daughter
a song about music and the low parts of music.
Exactly.
Her hearing is fully formed.
I'm excited about that.
I can't let her hear a song that's even obliquely about butts.
Exactly.
She'll find out about butts in her own good time.
I'm not exposing her to that.
So have you not let her listen to Back to Pooh Corner?
Travis Patr- Travis Patrick McElroy.
That was the only good thing left.
That was the only good thing left.
And you just took that from me, Travis Patrick McElroy.
It's all Pissed Beards and Pooh Corner here this week.
This is the worst show ever.
Fuck.
It was the only good thing left.
The only source of pure joy in this fucking world.
Oh my god.
They can't invent good things fast enough for us to ruin them.
God.
I gotta call- I gotta call Kellogg's up.
You need to up your output, dog.
Okay, Travis.
I want you- this is not a joke.
I want you to find the contact information for Kenny Loggins.
Probably his management, okay?
I want you to find the contact information for Kenny Loggins
and I want you to write him an apology for what you did.
I will do this.
I want you to apologize to Kenny Loggins.
You can use our pod- 30 million people listen to this fucking thing
is gonna get a lot more draw than any change.org petition ever will.
I want you to use this as your platform and I need you to start right now.
Travis, right now I want you to go to Twitter
and I want you to type period at Kenny Loggins
and I want you to write an apology to him right now.
And then I want you to read it on our show to our massive fan base.
I want you to tweet that right now
because I want people to see it without even knowing what you did
and then it'll make sense later.
I want you to tweet your apology to Kenny Loggins right this second
saying I'm sorry for ruining your song on my hit show.
Please retweet.
Make sure you actually use our at nbmbam
because that's gonna get- if he retweets that, oh my god.
While Travis is apologizing to Kenny Loggins, we should wrap up, I think.
We should wrap up our program.
Max Fun Week is coming up.
This is very exciting.
It's been a big time for Max Fun these past couple weeks.
We just added three new goddamn shows.
Do you remember when they added Us
and we were like the first one they had in like 14 years?
And now they're just like all the time.
But these aren't throwaway podcasts.
These are fucking phenomenal podcasts that we've added.
Yeah, not junk podcasts like ours
where we just talk about nonsense and apologize to Kenny Loggins.
These podcasts are not-
Dear Mr. Loggins, sorry for implying that Back to Pooh Corner is about butts.
Please forgive me. Hashtag nbmbam.
Oh, that was perfectly organized.
These new podcasts are definitely not all piss beards and Pooh Corner.
It is.
These are tremendous podcasts and some of them aren't even new.
Let's talk about the Flophouse.
That cannot be our featured show of the week.
I feel ashamed that I hadn't listened to it before we picked it up.
But fuck me, I listened to it my whole-
I just got back from Chicago, had a really shitty day
where like two flights got canceled out from under me.
But it's okay because I had these good, good goofs in my ear.
Go listen to the Flophouse. It's a good one.
Also, go listen to Baby Geniuses and Destination DIY.
You're gonna love these new shows. I guarantee it.
And you know, while you're at it-
Go listen to the other shows that you don't already listen to
and they'll be new to you.
I'm coming up on an episode of Lady to Lady that I think not this week, but next week.
It might be the 15th or the 16th, but they're great.
And if you've never listened to the show, go treat yourself.
Go treat yourself. Also, go listen to Bullseye.
Justin's on that one.
Travis, blast me through- what?
What did I say? I said Bullseye, didn't I?
It's phonetically similar to Sawbones.
All right. Travis, why don't you blast through the schedule of Max Fun Week?
Okay, here's what we're looking at.
We didn't really set up Max Fun Week,
so why don't we talk about what it actually- with the fucking-
I don't understand that.
Okay, so Max Fun Week is just kind of like a community building exercise.
It's saying, hey, we're not asking for money.
We're not asking for anything from you.
We just want you to feel more like a part of the community, the Max Fun community.
So it's an excuse to get you to listen to shows you maybe haven't checked out yet
and maybe just kind of reach out and make a new connection.
And so we have a whole schedule of fun events.
So it starts Wednesday, October 15th, Max Fun Trivia Day.
How deep does your Max Fun trivia knowledge go?
They'll be posting trivia questions on the Max Fun HQ Twitter account,
and the first person to answer each question
will get entered in a drawing for like prizes and shit.
So make sure you're following Max Fun HQ
and make sure you're paying attention on Wednesday.
On Thursday, it's all about leaving reviews on iTunes
and checking out shows maybe you haven't checked out before
and then writing a nice review or liking someone else's review
and just kind of getting the word out, building up our, you know, our base
and our brand and all that shit.
Friday, October 17th is, well, this one's pretty awesome, you guys.
Basically, they'll post an audio clip
of one of Judge John Hodgeman's signature interpretations on Twitter,
and it's up to you to guess the reference.
And the first correct answer gets entered in a drawing for a prize.
So that's fun.
You're John Hodgeman.
How about this next one, though?
Oh, this one's all about the base.
Chill. All about that base.
The butts of the music, because you have to fucking clarify.
It's about butt music.
Okay.
On Saturday, October 18th, here's your challenge.
You got to draw the Adventure Zone Adventures.
So you can, who can, basically,
in case you for some reason haven't heard it yet,
we did an episode of this show that you're listening to now.
Were you about to say-
Were you about to read that copy about us?
Who can forget that dumb shit that they did that one time?
Basically, what we're looking for is some kind of visual representation,
whether it's like drawing or painting or sculpting or whatever
of the characters that we played in D&D.
And the person who does the best one, the winning artist,
will get a signed D&D Player's Handbook 5th edition signed by all of us.
All the brothers.
We should probably do that.
Yeah, we'll like get on that and shit.
We'll do it.
We'll like do it.
Boy, I miss the Adventure Zone.
I wish we did more of that.
I wish we had recorded some.
I wish we had recorded more of that.
Jesus.
It just seems like poor foresight for us to start a grand campaign
and then not follow through.
Yeah.
And then on Sunday, it's all about scheduling meetups in your hometown.
Make sure to let people know about it.
Monday, share your favorite episode.
Tell all your friends about it.
Make a post on Facebook or on Reddit or on Twitter.
And then Tuesday is the Max Fun Rocket Coloring Contest.
They'll post a line drawing of the Max Fun Signature Rocket
and then you color it, decorate it, whatever you want to do.
And then the favorite will win a prize.
So lots of chances to win prizes.
Hang out with people.
Get involved and do some shit.
It's not about anything other than just like celebrating you fine folks
for listening to our shows.
There's going to be a schedule posted on the Max Fun Facebook group
on the Reddit Max Fun thing.
If you follow Max Fun HQ on Twitter,
you're going to get all of the information.
There's also going to be some fun crossovers.
And for our Max Fun episode, our Max Fun Week episode,
we have a very special guest.
We're very excited about this.
Not only is he like an amazing dude,
but he's like super cool and we're really happy.
We're going to be joined by John Hodgman himself.
Who is going to be pleased when he finds out
that we think he's amazing and super cool.
Yeah, so if you guys want to let him know
that we think he's a super cool dude,
make sure, so if you're listening to this today,
on Monday, then you need to send us some desperate questions ASAP
and then get them answered by John Hodgman.
That'll be very exciting and intimidating and terrifying,
but mostly we probably won't be funny at all.
I'm scared about it.
Every guest that we've had on the show has been more entertaining
and charming and funny and smart than us.
So this is nothing new.
Cool.
That's Max Fun Week.
It's going to be great.
It's going to be a good, good time.
I actually won't be in America for it,
but maybe I'll do a Japanese Max Fun Week.
Maybe I'll try and spread the seed over there.
Our Japanese listener base is not as big as I need it to be.
So plant the seed.
Thanks to people tweeting about the show like Rick Sammy,
Squarehead, Triumph at Gin, Neil Skinner, Chris Depkin,
Recovering Ninja Cat, Tommy Travis, David Barnett,
Sarah Sessori, Michael Taylor, Joel Kelly, Jake Stefan,
and on the almost fosters Osho in Maui, May at Renault.
And so many others who are tweeting about it
and we really appreciate it.
Thank you.
I want to thank John Roderick in the long winter
to introduce our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
It is, guys, we talk about it all the time,
but it really is so, so good.
I was listening to it while I was landing yesterday
and it put me in a very wistful, intensive mood.
Also, thanks to naturebox.com.
We can get great tasting, healthy snacks for free.
Five free snacks.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother and sign up
to get your own free sampler box of great tasting, healthy snacks.
And I would like to just take a second to say
I love you to my wife.
Today is our one year wedding anniversary.
Holy shit.
Congratulations.
You did it.
Happy anniversary, Travis.
Thank you.
That's going to do it for us.
She doesn't listen to the show.
Well, no, why would she?
To my brother, my brother, me, Griffin.
Do you have a final Yahoo?
Sure, I got a good one.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Laura Sasha or Sacha.
Thank you, Lauren.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Jackson, who asks,
how did DMX's voice get like that?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This is my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
I'm Cameron Esposito.
I'm Rhea Butcher.
I am Ricky Carmona.
And we are the cast members.
What?
I don't know.
Podcastiness of Wham Bam Pow.
That's an action sci-fi movie podcast
you can find on Maximumfun.org or on iTunes.
And what do we do?
News reviews and things you can use.
Tons of things you can use.
We break it down so it can forever be broken.
Hilarious jokes.
Plus, sometimes there's a dog in the studio.
Sometimes there's a dog here.
We'll see you in your earbuds.
