The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello and welcome to My Brother, My Brother and Me, the official comedy advice cast
of the Avengers in theaters near you May 4th 3D and not. Actually, we legally have to retitle
the show My Brother, My Brother, Iron Man and Me and Thor and Loki and Hulk is there,
he's up in the mix. Hulk and She-Hulk. Is She-Hulk in the show? I assume She-Hulk is in it.
No spoilers. And Vision. Vision's there. Guys, who's your favorite Avenger in the movie The
Avengers? Which scene or Avenger is your favorite? Jarvis. Okay, Jarvis. You mean Iron Man's
electronic butler? Yeah. I'm a big Paul Bettany fan. James Bond? Okay. Griffin, do you know anything
about the Avengers? I like Wolfman. Who's the guy who's always fighting Dracula? Jolly Green Giant.
Is he a comic book? The guy who's fighting Dracula? Yeah. The guy who fights Dracula?
The Mummy? Yeah. My favorite Avenger has to be Iron Man. X-Men. My favorite Avenger is the X-Men
because this is the official show. I do wish they had sent us a screener of some sort,
maybe to do a little pre-pro beforehand because the only Avenger I know is Ra, the sun god. Yep.
And he is an Avenger. Are there any others in the group, on the team? I think for a while,
the guy from the Fantastic Four was one. Lou Reed Richards. What about Mega Man? I think Mega Man
with Kid Icarus. Are any of these things? And Simon Belmont. Our dad is listening. Our dad,
former comic book writer and comic book collector Clint McElroy is listening to this and tearing
his fucking hair out right now in grief. He's snapping his iPhone across his knee,
throwing it through a window like Bruce Banner's alter identity. The thing. The thing. The hide,
Mr. Hide. The hulking mask. The hulking mask of strength. The big guy. The big guy.
When we're not watching the Avengers. Which is apparently all the time.
May 4th, theater near you, 3D official comedy podcast, co-branding, brand partnership,
brand synergy. When I watched the Avengers. How much of that one billion dollar opening
weekend did we get? What we got was a free 12 pack of Diet Dr. Pepper with the Avengers logo
on every single can. Sorry. It's gonna be collectible someday. Are we talking about
DDP or are we talking DCDP? No, this is straight up DDP. No cherries up in this bitch. Just throw
it away. Get some grenadine or throw it away. Grenadine. Unless you got like sugar free grenadine,
you're going to defeat the purpose. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy, Iron Man. I'm
your middle brother, Travis McElroy, Wonder Man. I am Griffin McElroy, the youngest brother,
Young Brother Man. My 25 year old friend. Octopus Man. Octopus Man. Bubble Man. Bubble Man. Leaf Man.
Well, back in the Mega Man. Okay, Leaf Garrett, the Avenger. My 25 year old friend won't grow up.
I've tried to impart wisdom and encourage her to pack her bags and move, but she won't do that
without her parents approval either. Help me, brothers. Can I help her stand on her own two
feet? That's from Conflicted Comrade. Additional details on this one. She goes on to explain
things like when her friend was looking to buy a new car, they had everything worked out,
but her parents did not like the car, so she did not buy it and continues to drive their old
minivan and things along that line. So she basically runs all of her life decisions by
her parents. And then she still and she also like still has curfew. Oh, no. Whoa. Yeah. And has to
like check in every half hour. She lives with her folks from what I could tell from the email. Yes,
I get that would be weird if you had a curfew and you didn't live with your parents.
Like, are you in your apartment? It's 11 o'clock. I'll flick my lights on and off so you can see.
I think that anybody who has given over the locus of control to their parents like that,
like, well, whatever they say is the way it goes. That's going to be real hard to shake unless
you're willing to take those reins. Yeah. You've got to be the one running your friend's life.
You've got to become your friend's life coach. You've got to help. Yeah, you've got to life
coach him. You've got to you've got to be there. Joel Austin can just walk them through some of
the big choices. Can I just say, like, I don't know that this is helpful, but I never saw this
before. Fair enough. I kind of see the appeal of it. Not necessarily the parents, but having some
kind of like safety net outside of my head conscience that just was with me that I could go,
man, I kind of want to buy, you know, this new thing. What do you think? No. Okay. You know,
it takes all the onus of responsibility off of you. I scoffed at the idea of a bedtime,
but that wouldn't be the worst thing. Like, if I don't go to bed by 1030, I am totally useless
the next day. So some sort of authority figure. What's up? Were you giggling at the fact that
I need to go to bed by 1030? Yeah, I guess. I went to bed at 1130 last night and I needed
to have a five hour energy drink at one PM today. Griffin doesn't get his full 12 hours.
He just don't even bother. Griffin, I went to bed at 430 last night and then I woke up at 930
and I'm going to be very funny for the next hour. Why were you out until you're fucking 38 years
old? You're old as shit. What were you doing? Well, I don't know. Sometimes I just like to
party. Justin, since I've moved away from Huntington, from time to time, whenever you
text me at like, you know, two o'clock in the morning and you're clearly drunk on the town,
sometimes I just like to picture you, you know, in a werewolf movies when the guy wakes up in
the woods and he's like covered in mud and he's naked and real confused. That's how I always
imagine you the next morning. It's pretty much like that except I have a candy pacifier around
my neck. Pants hung low around your knees. You're asleep outside of Stumbler's too, still stumbling.
Hey, everybody, that's a real bar in Huntington. Come on out. Catch the fever. Catch the fever.
Stumbler's too, still stumbling. If you had a grown folk telling you not to do these things,
don't you think your life would be a little bit better? Yeah, because I miss being able to get
mad at somebody who makes me do things still. That you want to do secretly. Yeah, right.
Oh, I can't come out. Guys, I'd love to come out and just really see the new band, but man,
the rents. Oh no, I gotta call my daddy. Oh, he said no, guys. Oh man, hold on, it's my dad mate.
Oh, that's what I call my dad because he's, yeah, we split the rent. He covers a lot of it.
God, this is why there gets a certain point of messed up where if the parents aren't going to
let go of it and the parents aren't going to push this person out, I'm not sure-
It'll ever happen? No, I don't think it's that person. To conflicted comrade, I don't think you
want to be the thing that does this. No, you can't. Not unless the parents have to be a willing
participant in it, especially if the friend is unwilling to. You can't wrench them out. I mean,
you're talking about creating an entirely separate support system that this person
may not even want. That's too big for you. It's too much heat. You don't want that heat.
You can't handle that heat. Also, if your friend's not pushing back against her parents,
maybe she's not upset about the situation. You're looking at this and it's weird to you, but-
Right. We do all know these people. You know people who are 60 years old and still,
maybe not 60, but 40, 50, doting on their parents and completely unable to do anything without
the input of their parents. That's how these people get that way. I know it's your friend.
It's sad to think about, but believe me when I say this is why parenting is the biggest thing
because you can totally do that to somebody and there's very little that can be done.
Gotta have some kids. Yeah, and then boot them right out at 18. Go to college. Enjoy the world.
Experience things. Call me once a week. Not too much. Not too much. I'll turn your room into a
playroom. Turn your room into a playroom. Maybe there's a window where you gotta get out because
to me there was, this is gonna sound terrible, there was no day in my life that I can remember
being as exciting as being 19 and moving into my first apartment, living by myself. That's such a
fucking insane sea change. Everything in your life changes at that point. I think that that
kind of change is exciting when you're a fresh face 19 year old, but when maybe even like 25
it's absolutely terrifying. It's not too late, but it's terrifying. It is scary and it's a little
embarrassing I would imagine to be like, how do you get electricity? How do you get water? How do
any of those things? When I was 19 I was just calling the mayor. Hey dog, I don't know how
to get these things. Can you please help me? Can you bring me some water please? I'm so thirsty.
I'm a citizen. Please come help me, but at 25 it's gonna be a tough hole to dig out of.
I don't know and I don't think that unless your friend is frustrated with their situation
you can't help her out of it, but also make her frustrated with it. Well the thing is it's like
any responsibility. You could look at someone over and over again and say you need to be more
responsible, but until they make that decision for themselves it's not going to sink in. It's
not really something you can explain to somebody and make them want to do. They have to come to
the realization themselves. If you're whole hog about this and you are serious about it to the
point where you want to get like wicked deep involved, you really have only one option.
Just talk to her parents. Don't do that. You're right. You're totally right. Justin, you're
totally right that that's the only right to her mom mom and dad dad and say listen listen you two
this is a line in the sand and i'm drawing it and you stay away from vicki please you're right but
please don't do that she's my vicki if you do my vicki know that that happened in the world
she's not your vicki anymore she's my vicki stay away because she is good and she's pure and if
you try to beat that out of her i will take her away i swear to god i need you to love your daughter
just a little bit less guys that was a yeah we just need to help other people is like
we're on a good tear here we're on a great tear you're right we've there's a lot of people to
help spread it around thanks for coming by our office this yahoo answer is sent in by diane
thanks diane uh it's by yahoo answers user jared ark and karski and charski who asks i got arrested
for smoking weed in my court date is soon if i come into court in a karate uniform am i good
am i okay here well in what context will the judge make my punishment lenient since he knows i do
karate oh oh yeah definitely if he knows you've got your karate game right uh additional detail
since they know i do karate they'll know i do other activities besides chill around and smoke
so will that help or no that see this well it's like an onion this question this um now this only
works if you do a fashion show so you come in your karate outfit and then you come in your
horse riding out this is a hard hat i do construction things and also i'm a milkman
apparently someone give me a hammer boy was i ever lucky to get judge sammo hung he's been very he's
very lenient about my gi um in court he he sammo hung was one of the karate guys on karate guy you
say go on one of the karate guys on walker texas ranger i could have gone for chuck norris but i
feel like his his uh i i think you don't want chuck norris chuck norris is a hanging judge
everyone knows that is is there anything this gentleman can wear other than a suit
that t-shirt says i heart judges okay but that's that's gonna probably not gonna do it because i
think i don't think you can wear any shirt that says i heart anything on it and then i heart
judges a lot people don't what about a sarcastic maybe a judge reinhold mask and you just go to
the guy and say hey hey listen just a judge are we cool am i good i've got this judge reinhold
mask and a karate gi are we gonna waive these charges or what can we can we work that into our
like catchphrase vernacular the am i good anytime you say something terrible or faux pas just real
quick oh shit am i good am i good hey i came to court in a karate gi am i good so i'm just gonna
go i assume the charges have been dropped uh-huh am i good i just i just chopped your gavel in
half am i good what's that smell it's not weed i promise to what extent does the color of belt
that this person has all the difference in the world okay it for for i mean either way you chop
it if he's got a white belt he's not going to a intimidate the judge or be impressive with the
with the amount of time that he has spent in karate chopping class you can get the white belt
blue belt brown belt yellow belt all within like a week and a half if you pay and if you slip a few
you know extra hundos to your uh to your sensei to your senpai um from what from what i've seen
there if you were to graph my uh respect for people in the martial arts it's a pretty steady
curve up until you hit black belt and then it it branches pretty radically in two different
directions where on the one hand i am for some of those people i am like wow really odd by the
dedication to your craft and then the other people it's like just put on just get a job
just put on a suit and learn how to play lacrosse and please get your life together it distracts
me it's one of those things that in my life if someone were to say to me oh yeah i have a black
belt the next two words out of my mouth are prove it yeah i don't i don't know what that entails i
don't know if that's like chop through this wall or fight me or what it is but there's something
about someone making that statement where i'm like oh yeah prove it but i think a black belt
drop that horse in half a black belt is really a only a value add to a person when nobody knows
that they have it right like if i got a black belt i wouldn't tell fucking i would go take my classes
in another state so so that people what classes oh karate karate classes um and then when i came
back and like if shit came down and i like did a chop and a kick and a man died then people were
like what i'd be like oh don't worry about it i would never ever admit the fact that i have a
jacket to the side and show them just a little like glimpse of black belt because if i ever
said the word out loud to somebody oh i have a black belt they're gonna make all kinds of wild
assumptions about me right which are probably all going to be they're gonna be very true uh but i
would rather not be be subject to that do you think that when you get the black belt itself
you it's reversible in case you want to wear brown shoes idiot so this is what this is your outfit
okay you come into court you're wearing brown black dress shoes a black belt and you have
a tie and you go to the judge and you say am i good as you can see i'm in my formal ghee
am i good now this is my dress key am i good i have a funeral to go to i'm gonna karate
chop the coffin in half i can't believe you'd hold a karate master here you don't know that
the lightning you're bottling up here you can't put me in a cell i will not be responsible for
the damage i do if you lock me in a cell with another person i whittle their bones down and
make a key like i can't i can't be responsible i don't know that karate is the kind of thing
that you can do if you're high on that sweet sweet dojo if you're if you're rocking dojo
in the dojo like you're i don't think that your skills are going to be like as as as high as you
want them to be no like three three puns intended uh yes yes and no to the outside observer you
will be very bad at karate yeah to your own perception oh my god you'll be on a fucking
kung fu other playing kill bill style fucking body parallel flat to the ground doing a you against
the crazy 88s just losing your mind chopping off limbs mortal combat fly through the air bicycle
kick like you're just laying on the ground and rolling rolling about you're listening to 311
and you're eating starburst i just i just had a point wait hold on i just realized something
thinking about this question that has blown my mind so hard that i have to ask it what's that
okay is it possible that this person asking this question owns a karate outfit but does not in fact
do karate oh i thought that was implied okay great um but that's a that's a oh god what a
risky maneuver because if you go to court you're gonna be high and the judge is like obviously the
judge and you're wearing your kimpogi and he's like pardon like i don't worry about it i do karate
i don't just sit around and chill with my boys and listen to 311 then the judge is going to be
like okay well to prove that chop all these boards and kick this man and then what are
you gonna do you're gonna hurt your hand you're gonna hurt your hand you're gonna embarrass
yourself in front of the man and there's a bigger risk what's that there's a bigger risk that this
judge is secretly a vampire hunter he'll see your skills and say we've been looking for someone like
you yeah come into the secret office behind my office the tinier office under my office the tiny
office under my office that opens into a large cavernous office where there's a network of agents
uh monitoring the vampire menace so that's one of the worries you just need to pass this urine test
oh oh no it says here that you're high now you peed straight karate
guys is karate an avenger mm-hmm karate man karate man
i'm a 20 year old male last fall i started dating a wonderful young lady she's 18 years old now and
a senior in high school i couldn't be happier but lately there's been an issue she refuses to go to
prom brothers i never imagined that i've had another chance to go to a high school dance
this is the last year my state will legally allow me to attend oh that's a fun call to the
board of education i can't let this bizarre opportunity slip through my fingers what can
i do to convince her that bringing her 20 year old boyfriend to the big dance is a great idea
this is from bummed in bloomington thanks for listening to all our episodes we're sorry that
we're about to offend you so so very much so that you will never listen ever again let's for the
how about you bummed in bloomington for the next five minutes take off the headphones and
maybe just enjoy thinking about the good times you and my brother my brother we had together
that's another hey hey are you okay hey are you good are you good are you good right now bum
look there's nine different layers of how bad that like high school dances i don't know that
there's a person alive that by the fourth or eighth if they go to homecoming and prom high
school dance that you're not just like i'm fucking i'm fucking done with this whole situation more
importantly you don't want to be the oldest man at a dance right now if someone came to me and
said justin i need you to put on a tux and stand in a gymnasium for four hours also you will be
four hours also you will be stone cold sober oh no okay you threw that wrench in at the end
and for a while i was like that doesn't sound too bad oh uh yeah like what i would give up
government secrets i would allow myself to be taken into that situation and not only that let
me throw this in too all the chaperones know what's up oh they all know what's up oh my god
they're not like you will never get more dirty looks in your entire life you're gonna have to
wear a tuxedo that was worn by 300 sweaty teens before you with 600 sweaty armpits you are this
is you don't want to do this you're gonna get omega herpes that's no good from the from the
tuxedo that's terrible you're 20 please just lie and say you go to the high school across town
um please don't tell them that you're like matthew mcconaughey you're well i think he's a bit older
than 20 but don't tell them that you're like a manager at the old navy and you you were just
really wanted to see what the whole prom scene was about i just want to point out i was making
a specific taste and confuse reference i don't believe that matthew mcconaughey goes to prom okay
oh fair enough fair enough if he was asked yeah yeah i think he would he's pretty chill
oh man i oh man there's no your reason your wonderful wonderful girlfriend
is giving you an out and you you're throwing it back in her face and you gotta are you worried
that you're letting her down that she's only saying this because she doesn't want you to be
embarrassed because if you go then the high school counselor is going to be like so you into that
young stuff and then whoa you'll never ever unhear that is that i got a ftp login you can check check
out you're gonna love you're gonna love my files and folders don't go too many trees deep because
it gets weird stay in the index let's just say stay in the index all right you find yourself
four or five folders in just start just unplug your computer just pull this string and i'll get
you out you need joseph gordon levitt to give you the kick unless you don't like horse assholes
get joseph gordon levitt to give you the kick if you realize your eight folders in you need to
unplug that computer and set it on fire because the authorities are on their way to your residence
you're gonna end up in dog dick limbo and you're never gonna get out now i now as i was saying
that's 15 for one 25 for a couple how would i hear your tickets oh god thank you for coming to
prom you don't you don't want to go to prom is there any way is okay i mean if you fully lean
into it and go like powder blue ruffled tuxedo and talk about how much better prom was in your day
if you absolutely have to put your dick in that shark's mouth like what's the best way to do it
the only way you can do it and i've seen you've seen this maneuver in so many films and you do
have to pull it off you have to become the star of the prom oh my god like you gotta do life it
up you've got a teen wolf right you've got to become the life of the prom if anybody there
expects that you this tall bearded grandpa is there and trying to like keep it discreet oh it's
it's the assumptions fly your flag yeah because here's the thing here's the main point numerically
18 and 20 not that different realistically worlds apart well well i mean i'm just saying like you
could look at it on paper and say like what's so weird it's only been two years yeah since he's
been out of high school but there's a there's a door there you can't go back through sure um and
that's not to say that you're you're like something's weird about your relationship
oh no no no no because when you date a college person when you're in high school
then you you you like bought you gain those levels right is that how that works yeah you
gain experience yeah i just i don't understand why you would want to go into relationship debt
trying to convince this girl to go to a school dance she doesn't want to go this woman
not relationship debt and like real debt you cost a lot of money what if she orders the
fucking samurai play the hibachi that's 35 you're not gonna get back
right down to her gullet she'll of course she'll only eat the scallops
i say she's too full yeah what if what do you do with the box you leave it in the limo
what what do they do if the hibachi master throws a temporary shrimp at her she doesn't catch it
what's oh no oh god oh god my my face skin take me to the hospital i'm in high school i don't have
any money can you get this i can't i can't keep it i can't keep it i can no longer keep a job locked
down because my tempura face can you support me for the rest of my life i'm a wholly uninspiring
batman villain that's about that's about all i got oh no again tempura this looks like the
work of tempura face everybody here is just burned and breaded sorry bats looks like your
goose is fried i mean tempura battered you know how did you find my hideout i follow the breadcrumb
trail thank you tempura looks like you've been battered and bruised batman timpura face
wait does timpura face sign all of its clips yeah that's his no he signs his text messages
what are you doing listen i'm gonna zing you with this if half of your face was batter would you let
batman see you yeah no guys his tempura face in avenger yes in the crisis on infinite earth
they briefly teamed up together oh right oh no i thought that was in the the 58
59 series how many was it actually it was it was in the amalgam and tempura face combined with
super boy i remember that you often discuss why a customer should not ask out an employee
but you never talk about the reverse can an employee of a restaurant ask out a customer
if so how does one do this properly that's from wondering in white oh you've come to the right
place do they yeah don't do it i don't i don't say that to anybody no well i one of us has done
this before yes in fact they have do tell oh god i did it how'd it go i'm not proud not well worked
out pretty well huh yeah not well at all i want to hear every every solitary detail and i will
know if you're withholding so i was working on a coffee shop and i was waiting on this woman it was
a coffee shop slash bar i was waiting on this woman she was with a group of people i thought
she was really cute but i was too nervous because she was with a group of people so like after i
gave her a check oh god then oh god the next part please okay i got her name off the receipt oh no
no facebook break wait no wait travis i know you got her name off the receipt and then you
message her on facebook yes yes long story short i mean she said yes to a date so we did go out on
a date so hold on when i said travis we should do an advice show how was your response on oh no i
could never do that oh no i made the worst decision ever oh no i i couldn't do that again
oh no i i couldn't do that and keep and have a straight face i'm sorry it's like when you get
caught drunk driving and so you can never be president you it's like that travis when travis
did she can learn from my failure did she give you any indication in the restaurant she was
also craving your wave in a yes okay yes so it's not like it wasn't technically stalking
no there was mutual flirting to the point like where she came over and was talking to me
like left her group of friends and stuff i was talking to me i just was too nervous to do it and
she was like man i sure wish you'd just crib my identity could you take that for me thanks
did she give you any hint that she wanted to be clumbed that hard
but here's the thing though you can't knock it because she agreed to go on a date with me oh i
can i can i've been your brother for 28 years i can knock it don't do it it's one of the sketchiest
things i've ever done but i gotta say but it worked out like if it hadn't worked out
yeah i mean it would be a lot harder to criticize three of us like together if you add all of our
game up you'd get like seven and but the scale goes up to like a billion so um and i i'm pretty
sure you're bringing six of those points so right um i got i mean that's good game that's pretty
good game that's not bad well it's it's borderline illegal game but it's not what i did no it's not
the worst uh and then i did buy a bunch of stuff with her credit okay but that was after it didn't
work out um we only went on one day she turned out not to be very interesting okay yeah oh man
yeah i'm i don't know what's more concerning to me the people who are just going to
realize what a ruse it's been they've been taking advice from travis for these years
or the people who are sitting at home saying oh good one i like that thanks thanks t-dog
listen you know my methods no you know i'm not gonna defend myself it's one of the sketchiest
things i've ever done at the time i thought it was kind of oh god in a lonely way romantic it's not
it's not if if you can't ask the person out there and there don't do it the biggest problem with
romance is that it's often in every way except like the line between that and creepsneak is like
so thin right if there's a guy outside your window and a trench coat and he's holding something up
there are literally one thing that is a boombox it could be and then a million other things that
it could be that's how thin that line is yeah you can have one thing in your hand that's romantic
or you can have a million things where if you're standing outside someone's window
in a trench coat holding something aloft it's the worst it's the pit it's also like it's a
really dangerous game it's i mean it's it's thinner than that isn't it like if you're
holding up a boombox there's really one song that you can be playing on that jukebox and if you have
like cnc music factory gonna make you sweat busting outside of somebody's window where
they're sitting next to the window like working on the macbook and their husband's in the other
yeah christine yeah open your window if you like pina coladas this is insane composting am i good
christine am i good here's the takeaway uh people listening at home that thought for even a half of
a second that what i did was a good idea um for the one time that it worked out there are 99 other
times that she could have called my boss you did this 90 other times no no no no to the same person
no i'm saying that there was a 99 probably 99.9 chance oh yeah that she could call my boss
and be like uh one of your employees totally creeped my name off of my receipt yeah you
definitely threaded the needle on this one yes so don't do it you know if travis had gotten fired
you know what he wouldn't needed more of therapy well money zone our first driver money zone this
week is a little thing called mob rules travis what can you tell me about them mob rules is
uh an independent game company and right now they're working on a project called haunts the
manse macabre and it's a really cool idea basically the idea is you can either be
the haunt the denizens haunting the mansion or you can be the intruders that are coming in to
investigate the mansion you can play from either side you can play single player you can play
multiplayer and it's online but the coolest thing about the company is that they are completely
transparent so basically they're really up front with their business model they make all their
budgets sales schedule expenses everything's public so you know what's going on so basically
the deal is they want your help getting their game finished so they're promoting a kickstarter
and you can go check it out it's mob rules games dot square space dot com and you can go and check
out the video and see screenshots from the game and everything but it's super cool and the video
is great and they seem like really cool guys and they're giving out they're giving out free
downloads of the game for every five dollars that you give to the kickstarter so there's some good
bonuses so if you donate you know 50 bucks you get 10 codes to download the game and you can spread
those out amongst your friends or they even encourage in the video they encourage you to
sell them for profit so take the code and then sell it for seven dollars and make two dollars
off of every code but they need you know they've already raised 40 000 and you just need another
25 to get it done um so it's it looks like a really awesome game and and the art style is kind
of uh edward gory uh kind of you know elongated features black and white kind of thing it looks
very awesome very cool very brody-esque wouldn't you say it's pretty ask like something adrian
brody would make yeah well adrian brody has a long face i meant to say oh i see they have
brody features yes i agree they're very brody how come adrian brody's face is so so long and
adam brody's is not what's that deal let's all ponder that while we donate games that's a really
good question mobilesgames.com right trev that that is correct that address will take you to
their their page where all this contact information is and go kickstart that go kick it yeah man you
guys are a fucking force when it comes to kickstarter we got crazy crazy soap funded we
can we can do a cool looking game come on yeah and the game really does look awesome make sure
you check out their video uh it was really well done and it looks like it's just gonna be super
cool and super fun so make sure you check it out um and then you know talk about it on twitter
because the game uh they're hoping to be finished with it in october so make sure you're chatting
it up and getting them some buzz because it's awesome to see independent games coming out
especially when they're really up front about everything it's like four guys making you know
making some art making a product so support them oh man what's wrong griffin my nipple clamps just
broke ah now griffin i told you to stop going to smile and joe's discount bondage gear i i don't
know how many times before you'll have to spend your money on substandard bondage gear before
you're gonna make the jump up to the big boys i mean they're basically selling you chip clips
i got a yeah i i went there i bought a vibrating pocket pussy and you know what happened
what is it was way too big couldn't fit it in my pocket also very large provided very little
pleasure the problem was you didn't have it in re box vibrating pocket that's the ish that's the
that's where i went wrong uh you went to get a rubber cock ring there and only had three snaps
on it don't even trip i know where a place we can get five snap cock rubber cock rings yes it's
extreme restraints.com back for another co-branding synergy the official bondage
gear of the avengers in theaters may 4th they have everything you could possibly want we of
course did a promotion with extreme restraints.com a couple weeks back and uh whenever we do an ad
like this you can go to extreme restraints.com use the coupon code MIDDLIST and you can get 20%
off of some things that you did not know existed my friend can we can we talk about the power of
the money zone here's the power of the money zone i know some things that some of some of you guys
bought i don't like obviously have anybody's names i just have a list of it's totally anonymous like
totally don't worry about i have a list of things purchased with the middlest code and it it really
makes me so happy because you know what i see people who aren't afraid to experiment a little
bit get it just get it you get it get your your bedroom stuff is boring now everything you're
doing all your old moves that you used to do to wow him or her you might as well be doing the
charleston at this point you gotta you gotta innovate your sex life with electricity and i
mean that literally because you can get a zeus electro penis sheath and a zeus electro penis
band because these are things that people bought with the middlest coupon code you guys are the
fucking best you're the best people you're the best you want are you trying to live the chastity
lifestyle oh they've got you covered at extreme machines.com they've got so many cages for your
dick you'll think it's shawshank redemption up in this piece it's amazing yeah they got everything
you need extreme restraints.com um middlest is the coupon code it's of course all delivered
so discreetly when i met andy dufresne i thought that's a penis what's that penis doing in jail
this is is that a good that was a great morgan freeman impression that was really good and i
feel like i'm watching march of the penguins i like any time that we can say electro penis sheath
and morgan freeman in the same two sentences just two dicks standing on a beach two old friends
carving up a boat um thank you extreme restraints for continuing continuing to support us thank you
guys just be our sponsors forever thank you listeners for just experimenting and finding
your own sexual way through the forest of pleasure and here's the thing the other thing is personally
i love the people at extreme restraints yeah they're really cool and they really get it
james who contacted us yeah he's you know been our appointment on this and uh one of the their
employees who runs the shipping station in the warehouse it blew her mind to hear us talk about
extreme restraints on the show because she's a huge fan of mbnb am so even the people that work
there are awesome so ali thank you so much you're awesome yeah here's what i want here's what i want
from extreme restraints.com what i want is for and maybe we can start emailing back and forth on this
i would really like for one of the items to be named in our honor i would really like maybe it's
can i put some i don't i don't want somebody to email me with a picture of a product called like
griffin's mouth like that's not what i want brother loving that is exactly what i would want uh maybe
it's the water waterproof turbo glider vibrator you know maybe that's it and you want to rename
now the the mbnb stick the mbnb stick for pleasure go to mob rules games.com go to extreme
restraints.com go to extreme restraints.com and show these people say to them hey mbnb am sent me
uh and and and i'm here to support you i'm here to support you because i i those guys don't
sell me no jive and um oh fuck i'm gonna have to do a song this is gonna be a good song i hope so
so let's see what we got we got ghosts we got sex toys okay i'm gonna pick up the pace a little bit
looking deep into the dungeon
a ghost approaches from the south
you're playing haunts which is programmed by mob rules games
but don't don't fuck griffin's mouth
even though it'll cause you pleasure to your penis pleasure to your brain
pleasure to your butthole
extreme restraint to make you go insane
with pleasure
so thank you mob rules games.com extreme restraints.com visit both of them let's get
that kick started and um and let's get that dick started let's fucking get it started hard and wet
yeah 2012
we're gonna move on and i'm gonna do how about a yahoo answer it was sent to him by katie
bartholomew thank you katie it's by yahoo answers user lumpy space princess who asks
i ordered a pizza 45 minutes ago and it still hasn't arrived should i call the police is this
a person that thinks they've been defrauded
either that when you order a pizza either online or on the phone the moment that you place that
order that pizza is technically your property you know what i mean if you pay online with a credit
card it's your pizza so if they keep it from you then it's stolen and you have to call that um when
i watch that bar fill on the dominos pizza tracker all i can think about is like okay donna be careful
with my pie it says you're putting it in the oven right now please be gentle baby gloves i
wish sometimes i want to call and just i don't want to just be like hey baby gloves i can watch
you do everything on my computer i know what's at if i please put the pepperoni in concentric circles
it will say donna dropped the pizza on the floor she picked the hair off it and looked around to
see if anyone saw the internet saw donna is it possible that this person is worried about the
safety of the driver i i guess because i do know that those people come under come under crime oh
my god i've had a pizza delivered by nathan every day for the last six months and he's not here yet
and he's always on time also i think something's gone wrong i also need police to help me get out
of my couch because i've eaten nothing but pizza for six whole months here's a real conversation i
had on friday um hi i ordered a pizza and it said it was gonna be here in 20 minutes and it's been
40 minutes so what's the deal hey listen man super slam full moon you know how it goes we'll
have that out wait a second it was a bunch of werewolf pizzas going out the door process there
being people go out onto their balcony look up see the beautiful supermoon and say hey that looks
like pizza the moon has hit my eye like a big pizza pie call up i need all up papa jones
i like any professional business person that uses phrase listen man super slammed hey super slammed
all of a sudden um what's that phone call to the police gonna sound like we got a real emergency
over here dang ma'am ma'am please calm down we just need an address i know i know you ordered
an extra zesty ma'am that's please not relevant here's please stop crying ma'am
here's the problem the police don't show up for 45 minutes who do you call then a priest the
avengers well listen if i if i order a pizza it takes 90 minutes to get there it's a good thing
the police will be there because there will have been a suicide and they won't
it will need to investigate my suicide oh this looks like a this looks like another
pizza-related suicide another pizza side this is the third this week oh no he was so looking
forward to the crazy bread and pesto sauce and cheese dippins he was getting pizza and wings
with dippins and he none of it none of it followed through he's he obviously was eating cheez-its
because there's an empty box of cheez-its as hand is stuck in like poo bear and jar of honey
so it wasn't a hunger issue he was just super boned out for pizza and dip he was definitely
snacking um did you guys see that uh somewhere in the middle east i want to say i don't know
because i'm not sure of the countries that are over there but um the there's a the uh
pizza it's over there are putting um cheeseburgers in the crust
there's a way so there's pizza huts east of us somewhere they're putting cheeseburgers
somewhere to the east they're putting like full-size like adult adult sized hamburgers
in a crust no you gotta imagine like um it's a cheeseburger stuffed crust yeah okay so like
there's a ring of dough um and jammed into it are it's our it's a mini cheeseburger it's a it's a
succotash of cheeseburgers it's yeah it's a mishmash of cheeseburger gobbledygook it sounds
like something i would have invented at my most boring and or you're most depressed
i i i looked it up and i got really into this idea like man i have to try it so uh i was i was
cruising over to the uh there was one sample by uh a guy named arva amed for the uh for the uh
the serious eats.com and uh he he checked out the pizza and said if i took the anti-alcohol
serious eats.com and uh he he checked out the pizza and said if i took the antonym of delicious
strapped it into a rocket and blasted it 20 000 light years away i may begin to get close to my
experience with the burger patty they also have chicken tenders that doesn't japan have a pizza
with hot dogs in the crust are we doing that too now there's nothing that upsets me more that this
is going on it's not in america like is there an area we haven't fallen off yet and could like oh
i don't know justin we the one we haven't made tacos with snack chips as the shell oh wait we
definitely have done that i guess that's pretty good those last they have a half-life a freshness
firmness half-life of about 13 and a half seconds from the moment that meat touches shell touches
through i want you to know that i've just pictured you in a lab coat and glasses with a clipboard
and like a montage of like timing the tacos yeah yeah eating a taco in a centrifuge like oh god
it's separating oh god i've separated now it's just a taco and doritos like a normal fucking
human thing to eat can i get the torritos can i get the doritos loco taco with the doritos on the
side i actually would like i would like to start buying bags of doritos that come in taco shell
form that's where i i just want to start there i i just want to cut out the middle man by which i
mean the fillings and eat the the shells from a bag can i do that um you can you can you can do
anything in this beautiful country of ours can i stuff a pizza crust with doritos tacos and but
then do a double decker sandwich kfc chicken sandwich where the yeah this pizza each pizza
is a crust and also inside instead of a patty there is a blueberry pie but what's in the
blueberry pie justa what was the question can we call the police for pizza crimes oh
oh i'm not sure they have jurisdiction unless they're pizza police
there is a separate branch right that's what law and order was about yeah the three branches of
government it's a legislative executive judicial and pizza and pizza licious
i can't i can't what's that ma'am they forgot your dipping sauce dun dun dun yeah
i should i'd probably watch that show right guys yeah supreme pizza court justice
yes okay sure i'll allow it uh after almost a year and a half of background investigations
medical and psychological examinations and mountains of paperwork i'll finally be starting
police academy this july police pizza police academy or just regular police academy probably
gotta work your way up to pizza police academy justin you don't just start uh i'm very excited
to finally be starting my career in law enforcement i've already started running every day and mentally
psyching myself up is there any advice the brothers mcelroy can give me that's from soon to be po now
we have a little experience in this arena because one of our dearest podcasting friends is james
gowdy who's of course a police officer in the beautiful uh uk so um what do you now over there
they they don't have crime which is a thing yeah that's the big not to say that he has an easy job
of it but no there's no guns in in all of europe so right no guns no crime as far as i have seen
he has to fight criminals that are using trebuchets um what do you guys want from your police just be
could you just be cool just be cool like don't pull me over because i don't have a front plate
on my car i didn't know don't bust me for skateboarding on the rails at city hall
because this is sickest grinding in the city don't shoot any kids that's a good place to start i i
love police officers but i don't think that there is a profession that has like one bad apple kind
of yeah reference right yeah yeah absolutely do you know how many cops it takes to ruin the cop
reputation in town like one guy who drives around just shooting his gun out the window yeah a pretty
much almost without incident every time that i've ever been brought under the long arm of the law
the guy's been totally decent about it because it's like usually if you're busted for a crime
and you're a white person living in america you know what happens you know what you did you can
follow the trail from cause to effect and you right that line gets a lot harder to weave if
you are not a white white person of some of some means in america but uh like for me i i know what
i did i know what i gave i'll never forget the time i got pulled over for going i think like 23
miles over the speed limit um and the dude was really cool and he was like i'm gonna write down
that you're going 19 miles over the speed limit because if you're going 20 or more it's reckless
endangerment and i'd have to take your license away i was like thank you so much and while he
was writing the ticket i called our dad and i was like hey dad i'm getting this ticket and he was
like is there any way to talk your way out of it i was like the dude already cut you like going to
jail the biggest solid ever yeah i'm i'm i'm gonna say i'm good on this one and just take take it
take take the ticket and say thank you very much and then cry on my way to cincinnati um
one time i was pulled over coming back from a road trip and i was by myself and
this sounds like it would happen in a movie but i opened my glove compartment when he asked for
my license my registration i opened my glove compartment completely forgetting that i had left
a fifth of whiskey oh good in the glove compartment and it literally tumbled out like
comically like a scene from a really bad prequel the dumb and dumber not that there's more than
one but you could tell that the cops saw it and then just decided that his day would be a lot
better if he hadn't seen it he just sighed and like rubbed his his nose yeah let's all pretend
that didn't happen let's pretend i didn't see that and i mean it's not like i'm a lush it just
i it seemed like a place to put it it probably been there for for weeks driving is stressful
you know you gotta have some way to gotta relax just gotta unwind out there when i was uh with
my group of friends uh uh at bonnaroo and we got busted by drug enforcement officials for having
at bonnaroo yeah what um i gotta say it goes all the way down wasn't guys wasn't mine straight edge
to the limit no hardcore straight edge who's that wrestler cm punk i'm like cm punk basically
through and through wasn't mine okay but it was happening around me i tried to call an adult
there were no adults to be found i tried to call a teacher or a parent did you snatch out
of their hands they're like hey don't do this you're better than that what happened and that's
rolled up holding the bag literally the bag was full of sweet dosha um but they were really cool
they're like let's just hey let's just fill out some paperwork this might be because they were at
bonnaroo and it was probably the three thousandth ticket that they handed out that day where our pad
is empty we're down to the cardboard we're just gonna write on the cardboard iou one ticket yeah
yeah it's like it's like it's like it would be like a writing people uh peanut shell littering
tickets at logan's roadhouse texas style roadhouse it's exactly like that yeah yeah it would be like
uh it would be like handing out pizza crime tickets to somebody who spilled a little bit of
uh parmesan on the floor you know it's like cool it guys right take it easy
do you want to hear my favorite interaction with the cops i i shouldn't i i think they
prefer pigs with with the popo with the bacon with guys come on they're wonderful people kill
them all occupied in college my friend tj was standing outside of a house party but he was
drinking out of a red solo cup which is like oh you know it's it's like a red flag to the police
like hey i'm drinking nobody drinks juice or milk out of red solo cups exactly there's only one case
in which you drink out of a red solo oh this it's it's ovaltine yeah and so tj at the time was 19
and so the cops roll up and they look at him standing in the front yard and they're like
excuse me son how old are you and he looks right at him and he goes i am i am 19 officer
and they said are you drinking tonight and he said oh no officer not only am i under age i'm
the designated driver and they said let me see that cup and they take it and they step it and
they said son there's alcohol in here and he goes what they told me it was punch okay why would my
friends do this to me and the cops were like it's okay sir just be more careful next time he said
thank you i guess they're not really my friend god cops are so fucking dumb stupid idiots
so i guess just be smart apparently and you'll be ahead of the game be a lot smarter than most of
those cops i mean we can just assume that this guy is a fucking paul blart idiot dummy if he's even
gonna be if he's interested in this vocation stupid moron stupid sorry if you can't understand
our jokes fucking we'll slow it down for you have fun hanging out with mahoney yeah fucking
and hightower cops and michael winslow i think i can't do this to you um this yahoo was sent
in by earl parsons thanks earl it's by yahoo answers user gabby who asks what do i say when
i touch his dick i want to be confident should i say something like omg it's big or should i say
that or what after and after i touch it what do i do it's like seven inches so that's why i would
say it's big you just gotta look at him and say nice nice nice good one bro ah sweet dick that's
like the sweetest dick do start it out with omg whatever you say omg i love this hog is there any
words the first time that you see and touch the genitals of a person that you're interested in
there's no words you can say right you just gotta all i can think of is things you shouldn't say you
gotta get to business like you just gotta get the the the highest compliment you can pay genitalia
is immediately going to town on them because if you say like just smacking it around even some
even something as innocuous is like oh wow like you're gonna sound like it's like preschool
teacher or something like that like you gotta get an old star yeah you gotta start just like just
like uh just like touching it just like it's like you got it rub it and like it's like punching it
touch it and like whisper at whisper to it blow on it blow on it wink at it
give it eskimo kisses but you're like it's the fifth element and you don't know exactly what
activates it maybe it's butterfly kiss maybe it's fire water you're not exactly sure what the fifth
element is it's probably not fire i'm gonna go ahead and put that out there it might be fire
is chris tucker there maybe there's probably a bunch of quotes you could get from fifth
element to say when you see the penis that's what you do you light some candles turn on some
satay and then you light some candles you pop some some champ some bubbly and you sit down and
you kiss softly gently you pull pull those pants down and you pull his underpants down and you look
and you bend down and you get real close to it you know coban dallas into it
they just did a study that is um if you do an impression of chris tucker it's impossible not
to sound racist they actually they actually worked that out just now with some research
some science research i know it's it's too bad what if it was like a really bad impression
of chris tucker well i i don't know yours was so good it's mine was flawless but what if it
was like coban dallas could you couple it with a really bad impression of jackie chan
oh man no because that one will be racist i don't have a good
my chan is my chan game is weak my fantastic yeah it'd be something like
like and he got one syllable out and we got a shutdown
but can we not i'm can i beat that out yes yeah you beat that out
oh shit dude you really could you just say like what's that
what's on this what's up what happens now am i good what's all this what's all the fuss about
where's the other one i don't think that one's gonna play you don't think that one's gonna work
i'm worried that this person is young because they said omg and i once you turn like 14 you're
not allowed to say omg anymore it would be i think a baller move to be like a 40 year old woman and
be like omg yeah that's actually travis that's the worst i'm what some might call a milf who's
ready to go to cougar town let me see your wiener take out that young wiener carbon dallas
yes i'm from sydney australia and soon the lfl the lingerie football league is coming to town
is that a bad choice to take a girl on a date to that's from guy hey yes it is all right good
night everyone yeah it's a pretty bad choice but is it a bad choice to take a grown mature
thoughtful woman to it as a date uh pretty much any grown mature thoughtful woman uh that i've
known in my life is going to be livid at the idea of the existence of a lingerie football league
mm-hmm what's you know what i i kind of am that's i okay i don't want to i don't want to cast
i don't want to cast dispersions but i don't think that this is going to be the kind of sports
entertainment that i'm looking for do you know what i mean what are you what would you say you're
looking for i am looking for a a robust athleticism and i don't and i don't think would you settle for
robusty i wouldn't i wouldn't i like to keep my sports game and my boner game totally on opposite
ends of a it's 100 foot high wall i don't start what if you start associating um shoulder pads
with arousal that's gonna make for some awkward locker room moments when you're the intramural
season picks back up it's the thing that's the lingerie is the key my key complaint because you
can't really get you can't tackle anyone nobody's ever been tackled while wearing lingerie i feel
like you know it's there's no protection it's negative protection there's gonna be burns there's
gonna be bruises and breaks and bumps griffin would you be more inclined to watch elantra
football league if the teams were coached by hologram of the late great vince lombardi
i mean probably travis would i be more entertained by it if it all took place on a spaceship
is that like what if when you went to it you got a million dollars for free would i be interested
in going yeah probably what if while i was there they gave me uh pizzas with lasagna inside the
crust yeah travis i'd probably be down i would probably be down with that oh just by going my
vertical leap gets a foot better yeah i think i could probably get interested in going to something
like that oh i can live forever because with these lfl tickets i'm sure i'm glad i bought these
jesus is back everyone sure i'm glad i went to this lingerie football league
game this event sorry sweetheart you'd be stupid not to come with me to this lfl game
they let you replace your parts with cyborg parts bye forever got jet boots
jet boots stupid
so that's why brother my brother me it's advice you have for the modern era
thank you so much for listening for whatever dark purposes you have for doing that
just like loki and they hit film the avengers uh so many people tweeting about the show this week
uh brian xvx new convert rm king death panels ham doctors of course hack on peters field
uh mr steve od nacho nova it's pretty good uh mikacho vikness mike hart you everybody um thank
you so much for tweeting about the show just use the mbnbm hashtag and hey if you want to
maybe tweet out a link to our sampler it's bit.ly forward slash it's my bim i want to thank extreme
restraints and models games go to both their websites it's just their names and then a dot
com after it i also want to thank john roderick and the long winters for the use of our theme
song it's a departure off the album putting the days to bed uh go get it and make it your ring
tone so that every time people call you you can spread the word yeah and um thank you to our max
fun family as always for having us if you don't listen to the other shows on the max fun network
you should correct that immediately grab jordan jesse go bullseye stop podcasting yourself judge
john hodgeman and uh and so much more our new friends throwing shade is there more max fun
con tickets available are those all out now i know there were there were i don't know we're
gonna be in la hanging out at max fun con in june and there may be some tickets uh i think you just
go to max fun con dot com right is that where the the i don't know i don't know man i'm not
i'm not like an internet you're not like a wizard i'm not really an internet guy
this final yahoo was sent in by stephen sweet thank you stephen it's by yahoo answers user
julius who asks where can i buy the 2004 movie cat woman i'm just mcroy i'm travis mcroy i'm
griffin mcroy this is my brother my brother made kiss your dad
keep your heart three stacks keep your heart hey keep your heart three stacks
keep your heart man these girls smart three stacks these girls smart play your part
