The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
Hey welcome my brother my brother me and advice show for the modular. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your
Expert I spitting okay. I'm your spittle this brother Travis McElroy
I'm your sweet baby brother celebrity body language
interpreter and and sort of
Envoy to the stars and all that sweet drama drama that exists in the nebulous sort of space between them
Griffin McElroy and boys we got a dozer to break down for you for you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, isn't it?
Strange, it's 90s kids are gonna love this one. Oh my god. They're wild for it
Remember because the magic loogie episode of Seinfeld
Recreated the Zap Rooter film as a spitting incident and now that is happening in real life funny show funny life
It's just like when I had my vasectomy and the doctor dropped a junior mint into my testicles
Yeah, I felt yeah, yeah, and it felt pretty good
We yeah, it feels good. Yeah, man, it's
Yeah, that's why we call this show my brother my waddle are in me
And so you've heard all the takes that you need to at this point about these two
Famouses and if one spit it on the other one, but we're here I think to put our own sort of like
up twisted
Skewed spin on it. You're right
Because we I think the three of us
have
Operated in these circles. I've never met Christopher or Harold, but I do I met Chris
I haven't met Christopher or Harold, but I have probably met people who have met Christopher and Harold
So I feel uniquely qualified. I feel rule on this one
First of all can't wait to see first of all get it out of the gotta get it
Gotta get day one. Gotta get my tickets to this flick. I don't know what the yeah
It is seems like so that's gonna be moving easy. It's gonna be
Absolute slam dunk
Everyone seems happy with it first step in the process is find out the name of the flick and then I'm gonna get on night
It's spit night at the Hawksbury spit night at the Hawksbury gonna get on fun dango and secure my tickets
Roku and so that's gonna give us a lot of the clues that we need but we don't need them
I
Lesser podcast I guess need to see the film
And then and then they'll be able to rule on it
I'm a star. I'm a body language expert to the stars. Go ahead Travis the one thing I know about the movie
Yeah, is that if you look at the cast?
Yeah, just like the first the four people overwhelmed by beauty
You're well
But also it seems like it seems like maybe four different movies are being made at the same time when I tell you that it's Florence
Fewer who's yeah, right great great and then Chris pine. Oh, I could see them being bad by the time you're listening to this
Yeah, it's Thursday when we're recording Thursday
Oh, there's a lot of ball game between now and release day. Okay, but here's what I'm saying
I could see Florence peer and
and where
And Chris pine being in the same movie. Okay, then we add in Harold Styles. Oh
All right. Okay, that's entering and then Nick Kroll is there and I'm like, what is it? What is this movie about?
What is this thing happening funny funny funny folks in it? Okay, so let's get into it. We don't see the loot the
That spit no, it's that we don't see the spit land
But if we did sort of try to chart the trajectory of it looks like it hit Chris pine on his wiener area
Yeah
Listen and then Chris pine looks down at his wiener area and he goes wow. He's like wow
Wow, I'm gonna put the tiger on the table and yell at it right away Tuesday, please cuz Chris pines
Rep came out was like this is ridiculous
Frankly, and I this is an overused phrase but protests too much. He's like what it's ridiculous that you would even think this
Why would you think that these two men would have any kind of beef? Why would there speak? That's ridiculous
And it's just like just say no
Why did you use so many words and then Harold came out and he was like, yeah
I flew to Venice to spit on Chris pine, but I gave it a tone of voice
That I may be projecting my own sort of insecurities onto it because he may have very well said
Yeah, I I flew to Venice to spit on my like if I knew that I would have that opportunity
To spit on Star Trek's Chris pine. I would fly to Venice for that on the gray man's Chris pine. Hell yeah
I'd spit on him
I'm saying if it was consensual because everyone saw that was like, whoa, there must be beef
But we don't know the relationship between these two people and that brings me to my main point
Harold stylish has been famous for since he was a baby and
He was the Gerber baby. He was Gerber's baby. He was the Coppertone baby with the buzz
Out he was all the babies in that one insurance commercial that like talked about insurance. You guys remember that?
Kids bop he was success good. He was all these famous children and then he was in one direction
with Zane
Which multiple directions by the way, so like that time to rename that man
And that's one of Travis's funny jokes that he's Travis has a bunch of them about one direction
But anyway, all of this is to say we're building to something. We're building to my point which is
Until this point in his life
Harold stylish has been told that it's good
To for him to spit on people that people like it when he spits on them. Yeah, because of his like
Tremendous fame like there's so many if you know who he is
He's never been chastised. Yeah, one of his actions
I'm actually really excited that it seems like he found a boundary because now everyone's just like we love it Harry
Harold stylish, whatever you do
That look that's great that song that's great
Everything you do is great this pine came up to him after as he's like, there'll be a consequence for that
And he was like, oh, what do you mean?
Well, I don't know
When Chris pine looks down at his at his dirty lap
He is not it's not disbelief. It's
thoughtful
Consideration of like is this good? This man is good. Is this good? He's very famous and very handsome
Is this a good thing you did to me? I don't know. He spat upon my chinos. Do I?
Do I hate this? Do I love it? Do I love this? I think what you're seeing in
Chris pines face. Yeah
There's a if you follow the logic you can watch it
You can see his face. Here's what he's thinking. Uh-huh. Well
Huh?
Someone has Harry Styles just spit on my dick. Yeah, I know I'm already Captain Kirk. Yeah, and that was good
I liked I don't know. I don't know how many more of those if any I'm gonna do
Yeah, should I know Harry Styles off his balcony? I haven't done
Let just let me finish cuz I gotta walk you through Chris pines mental state
this I
Don't love this for obvious reasons. I'm right now. I'm wet now and stick
I'm wet now, and I don't like it. Okay, and everyone knows
There is a certain chain of events here
wherein when you look up Chris pine in the future
encyclopedia
It is actor on whom's dick Harry Styles spit
Yeah, I have not established so many other pillars of my identity that it wouldn't be
Fairly high up. Yeah, if this continues to be the thing that everybody talks about forever, right?
It's like I don't want this to be a thing where like people see me in there like lol
Anchorman 3 let's get Chris fine in there. So somebody can spit
That is a good point Justin. I don't want Chris pine doesn't want his dick referenced in comedy for a while
He wants it referenced in drama, right? He's like, I'm fine if people make Thomas about my dick
That's fine, right and then cuz it's just sort of like Chris Rock right now every script he gets. Yeah, like three pages
It's like and then someone hits you full force in the face. Yeah, because America has been talking about that
And I am surprised the reference that the reps for those two gentlemen did not pull a similar gambit of like do you really think?
William Willard Smith would hit Chris Rock at the Oscars. Come on
I don't know what you thought you saw. The Internet's just chewing its cud. Yeah, the Internet feeds itself
It's an Ouroboros. You see they're just
Like us they are just like us. They spit on each other's dicks just like us was
Kidding around he was attempting to do face paint and is extremely bad at it
There was a fly on Chris Rock's cheek and he was trying to help him out. There was a small fire on Chris Pine's balls. I
Again and this British hero who served his country in Dunkirk
He saved him at least now if you ask Will Smith his favorite singer
You know that his answer is always gonna be all Harry Styles. Oh sure. He's basically my favorite dude
Did you see what he spit on Chris Pines dick?
I kind of just kind of left the left the public consciousness of their well
Problems are our problems
They're just like us and I love that about them and hey, you know
Maybe maybe Chris Pine was hungry and Harry Styles could sense that and he's trying to mama bird into his mouth and he just missed
There's so many different great possibilities for what could have happened, right?
Yeah, but none of them none of them did that we know of we will know history will never know
I will say this please say if Harry Styles did spit on Chris Pine
He should be embarrassed of the bad loogie. He did it wasn't
See it wasn't impressive if you're gonna, you know, if you're gonna go to town, you better go to Lincoln
Hawkwood really get one out that room for air
Maybe that was it. Maybe there was no loogie
But maybe Harold stylish is perfected like making a loogie sound effect and he like made it and then Chris Pine was like
I definitely have just gotten spit up. Oh, that's it. He was like what Wow, there's no spit
But I was convinced the way you made the sound with your mouth. That's I thought I'd been spit upon
Is this another one of your magic goofs? Yeah that you're known for. It's like when you step to someone you're like, oh
You flinched it was like that. It was a fake. It was a fake spit and the you know, there's a there's a
Cultural barrier there is and a quiet beauty. There's a quiet beauty. I control barrier
You know what? We solved it. Let's move on. It's settled. It's settled. This is an advice show
We're just like you that means we like to help help you
Live the best fullest life that you can if you have questions you send them to mbnb am at maximumfund.org
And we help you
This is an advice show. We're ready to help you. We stand ready. We're by your side ready
What was Florence Pugh doing during all this? We have not I don't know
Why you are gripping so tightly we have moved on my son. I want to be part of the culture surprise
My son is a year and a half old. Okay, guys. We've been lucky to have a lot of gifts sent to him from generous family
And friends, however, there's one problem people keep sending in personalized piggy banks
We're now at four piggy banks or we're running out of places to keep these things
The second piggy bank was funny after the third piggy bank. I thought surely we won't get any more, but they still keep coming
We can't sell them because they have our son's full name and birth date on them. Yeah brothers, please
What do we do about all these banks? That's for piggy bank plethora. Let me say this. Oh
Piggy banks these days are bullshit
Okay, because they put it a little hole on the bottom of it
And you can get the money the whole thing with piggy banks is you put all your you know, leftover coins from the ice cream
Stand and yeah, I don't like an arcade token or something. You'll find that later
Yeah, you'll get that out later. But and then
When the need for money is so great. You must smash this beloved
Object so that you can get the stuff out of it. So maybe this is a return
To a better time where you you have to smash these banks
Because times are tough out there
We should smash more banks frankly than yes piggy banks, but this is good practice
Yeah, it's good practice for smashing banks. Here's uh, I was struck by something Justin hearing you read it
So well out loud by the way
It was good delivery you did great but the second bank was funny
Made me think is this a possibility? Like have you talked about is this a bit?
Your family is doing with you included like did they like I'm not saying they got behind your back and talked about it
I'm saying that like was there accidentally they got two banks, right and you talked about it with your family and we're like
This is funny, huh?
They thought oh because I got two and then there were some members of your family perhaps that were like we'll keep the bit
Rolling. Oh, we'll do like a third and a fourth and you know
We'll give them another one for their second birthday and they're gonna be like a piggy bank is the thing to get this kid
Yeah, because that we've talked about it before once your family is like, oh, they love you know unicorns
Let's get him a unicorn every time. Yeah, right
You need to understand the rules of engagement
Which happened the movie and also
The real stuff because we have we have dabbled in this
we're like one of you guys will get one of my beautiful bundles of joy like some
extra sloppy GAC and then
One of you I would never do just don't give my son's an extra sloppy guy and then you know in return it's like
Oh, okay. Well, here's a very loud party robot for your children
And it doesn't you can't turn it off
So once once you have to step it up at least answering kind of maybe escalate it. I'm thinking get them
Someone who has given you a piggy bank for your child get them a piggy bank with their adult name on it
Oh my god, and a date in the future, but do not explain
What that means what that date is like a threat though Griffin?
Yeah, maybe a little bit, huh? Or maybe it's like you'll need this money on you know, July 28th
2029 or maybe
Something else maybe something else happens. I don't know. I do not know. I love having piggy banks around our house
Yeah, okay. I always whenever I find loose change in there. I just leave them and
And put them in the girls piggy banks now a place to put change
It's fantastic and it's also great because sometimes you go to the car wash, you know, like, oh I need some quarters
time to
Get on it. We got a big old coke bottle bank for for BB
I got it. I got a subscription in magic tunnel. So
That's not a problem for me anymore. I roll right through you have a car wash
Subscription subscription and it's magic. Hey, hey, mr. Green-eyed monster. Maybe calm down a little bit
I do okay, and my wife's a physician
So I who doesn't make money from that but like my I do okay, and so I got a subscription to the car wash
Okay, yeah, I went with the mid-tier
Oh, okay
Why do you need to subscribe?
Why do you need to subscribe? Why can't you just go and get your car washed when it's dirty?
I don't know why you need to subscribe to it probably a better deal
I have to assume you're gonna you're gonna you're basically yeah
I see the magic tunnel as much as I do you're basically losing money if you don't have a subscription
Now Justin when you say the phrase when you go through the magic tunnel as much as I do
Do you know like how many and I I'm like my mind is boggled by how many different things that could be a euphemism for
Yeah, yeah in this case. It's a
Clean car a clean car. Why are you letting your car get so dirty? So I don't kids just love it
They're just wild about all the car wash experience the car wash
Oh, I thought you said kids love your car and they keep
Running out to it and getting their disgusting fingers off. Kids love this car wash. They're you show up
They're throwing dum-dums in your car some dog biscuits. They're they're hand washing. There's lights. There's sounds. Whoa, whoa, whoa projections
Hold on. Let's not just gloss over this Justin. You don't have a dog. Also what you're describing can't
Possibly exist a little bit of car wash slash dinner theater for children. Yeah, it's fantastic if they Travis
I'm sorry, but like if I don't have a dog now
but
If I have a subscription
To the car wash and every time I go through I could be getting a dog biscuit and I don't those costs add up
This is why you're broke all the time because you don't think about dollars and cents, you know
I mean, I got a huge garbage bag full of dog biscuits in my house
What are you worried about coyotes because I throw that out there that's gonna keep them busy all day long
Well, it'll also turn your house into a fucking coyote. Just hang the zone
It's gonna get ugly in there. I put weed in the dog biscuits. Oh, not an okay thing to say but go ahead
Odie's. Oh, that's fine. Yeah. No, they're bad. They're gross. Oh, yeah, they kill the deer around the house
Oh a deer are terrible. They killed my willow tree. We don't need to talk. We don't have to go. Okay
I you know what they all ate all my sweet blackberries. So I am saying
and
For that they deserve death. I agree. I agree
They're fucking farmer John over there trying to stab Peter cottontail with your pitch Peter
Cottontail should have stayed the fuck out of McGregor's garden Griffin
Do you want me to kill the deer or kill the coyote cuz I gotta kill one of them
So you choose okay, it's the ones on your hand
It seems like the magic tunnel is where you go to to slake the thirst of your dark passenger
so that the the wildlife in your neighborhood doesn't have to be killed for eating your berries or
Fucked up on these crazy biscuits. There's a there is a coyote in the region right now. Just the one
Maybe probably a pack right? They tend to do that
Yeah, I mean they don't like show up and give you a brochure with how many are in the region
Hey, man, we were acquired by law. We're moving into the neighborhood just like not I know I don't know
But they so they kill the deer and they're like bad. They suck. They're terrible right these terrible coyotes
And they'll attack children if they're if they're out there and my kids are know about this
So they're they're kind of worried about it. And man, I gotta say I
Don't have to fight with my kids about coming inside or listening to me really at all
They don't listen to me when I say hey come inside. It's time to go get ready for bed, but they'll listen to coyotes
Yeah, you should listen to your dad out there. Listen, your dad's working hard. You should listen to he's a good guy
I love his podcast
No, but they're like that don't respond to that if I say come in they say no if I say come in there's coyotes out
There come in it's no problem
Coyotes is what I'm saying that those are called dogs Justin
But I can't threaten my kids
Sure, you could I can't say I can't say brush your teeth or I'm gonna get a dog. Oh
Brush your teeth or mr. Brutus is gonna pounce when you least expect it
This is what do you think? I have all these dog biscuits kids
You think I get these if I didn't have a nice can I ask a question? Yeah
Why do you guys keep asking me about my car?
Every week
It's a normal thing. It scans your license plate. So you don't have to stop and
You're so on the grid future tech. Yeah, that's pretty cool. I'm not Travis. I'm not just on the grid
I am the kind of person that has a car wash subscription. I'm on a specific point that I am 100%
Locatable. Yes on the apex of the grid. He's got his own axis
Hey, can we go to the wizard? The Wizards got a good one for us today. I love that. Hey guys
I'm having a great time. This has been so I was so glad man. I love doing this show with you guys
So the wizard sent this one in via his
His familiar who is a raven named Dylan sent this in. Thank you Dylan
It's a wiki how in the title of the wiki how is how to moan how to moan?
Oh boy moaning moaning tells your partner that you're turned on or feeling a quick
Wait before you get into it before we start learning could Travis and I are maybe all three
I don't want to do it. Could we all practice our like moan and see if it gets better by the end of the article?
I think that's a good point. Yeah, we never do that. Can I put a codicil on this?
It's a we eat at a big beef sandwich and it tastes good
And this is the moan that comes after it because I do not want to expose our listeners to anything
actually salacious
Involving us. This is a beef sandwich satisfaction sandwich moan and this is appropriate for your ringtone
This is our big sandwich moan our real big sandwich moan. How big's the sandwich? I regret this
Okay, I'll do mine first. Justin you go first as the oldest. Okay. Oh
That's good, that was actually pretty that actually felt really I feel like I've heard you make that noise post sandwich before or it's
Usually when I sit down. Yeah
Yeah, let me see cuz I'm gonna do a combination of like I just tasted it and it's good
Yeah, go ahead. Don't put a hat on a hat man. Okay moan like you ate a big sandwich
That's not that sucked actually I hated for whatever reason I liked
An open mouth I can try to weird. Oh, let me try. Oh worse
Oh, what's wrong with me? Here we go. Oh, I'm gonna eat the big sandwich if you figured it out, please
Yeah
Now Griffin was that your real big you did a bit there's no it's impossible to judge your growth
But I like to I these are the barrier I actually Travis if you make that noise one more time
Oh, I'm not joking. I'll hang up the call that how am I supposed to get better if I don't practice listen
We each get one more when you're done with the article fair. You two will finish the show without me. Please don't okay
He will definitely definitely I'm gonna try not to but I get to be one after the fact
I have a bear a moan is sexy involuntary noise
You moan in the heat of the moment because you're overcome by sensation from the big beefy sandwich
Uh-huh. Not everyone moans naturally, but training yourself to moan can be a great way to show someone that you're enjoying yourself
Training yourself to moan can be a great way to show someone you're okay
understanding the moan know that moaning is involuntary in theory a moan is a noise of passion that escapes you when you're overcome by
pleasure or sensation I'm actually
my
Nerves are so like high-strung right now that I need you all to not even make like
agreement
But Griffin, can I ask you a question? Yeah, why do you feel like?
Why do you feel like the anxiety so hot?
Why are you so off put by it?
I thought that this this is one of I'm gonna put something else going on in your life that I don't know about
I've just gotten you feeling so stressed. That's what I'm asking
I'm putting this bit in a box that I have labeled things
I thought would be funny but turned out to be instantly so gross that I didn't want to be associated with it any longer
You're good. Hey, I thought you're getting on me about my car wash subscription. I'll get on you about label maker prices
I mean you're burning through this tape with these huge labels listen to other people moan watch watch YouTube videos about how to moan
Yeah, that's where they are
Guess that hey
Hey wiki how at least provide some search terms if that's your claim because most of the time you do that
No, no, no, no, no
Okay, don't feel pressured to moan everyone responds to intense pleasure in their way
And you don't need to force yourself to moan if it doesn't come naturally to you
Yes, some people are naturally very loud in bed, but the moons you hear in movies or pornography are intentionally stylized versions of real out reality
So that's an important one don't don't just make the sound too because you think you're supposed to make it it should be an exaltation of
Joy
Pleasure well now hold on wiki how article how are you gonna teach me how to make the sound?
But assume I just know the right time to do it give me some pointers on timing as well
Oh, you don't want to do it right at the beginning. Yeah, that's a definitely know that you just like zip
Avoid outright faking it of course I do I will say that I do tend to moan when I take my bill off for the
Shoes shoes is a good one my tiny socks my rendered waist flesh can finally begin to heal
Moan softly during
Foreplay moan loudly when things get intense now. That's interesting
That's a foot now. We're talking about like we're putting together like a DJ
like playlist like you want to get the party going with
huh, and then get into the like
That kind of how loudly once again
I'm gonna need some decibels here cuz there is definitely a level you could hit where they would be like whoa
Okay, so let's this is where the rubber hits the road practicing your moan start by sighing start by sighing softly
That's that was great guys that was great, and it didn't make me feel uncomfortable breathe this is great breathe in and out audibly
Suck so fucking bad. That's in it, but that's good. Now. We have like now. We know what parameters. It's somewhere in there. Sigh? Sigh? Fine. Whatever noise I was making. Bad. We hate it.
As your breathing intensifies as add some voice and tone to your breath
HAHAHAHAHA, no wait, I'm doing Gorilla.
I think that's the Sect Shape. It just hit me. I was doing Gorilla
Yeah, I was doing like sort of like Appalachian sort of scream scat which was which is also pretty fun
Add in a few pieces
Oh
Jonathan calm down
I don't know who that is
Whenever we do that sound but it does it just turned into animal from the muppets a little bit
Do you actually not know lead singer corn from the song?
Freak on a leash. I thought was falling away from me. Anyway, try it out next time you're with a partner
Please don't do this. Please we're having fun. Don't do this. Remember that there is no right or wrong way to moan
We have proven that to be
Categorically untrue. There's
there may only be like
four correct ways to moan and then an infinite spectrum of bad and wrong ways to moan
Like we can also narrow down just uh, like vowel sounds that are because like oh
It's not a good one. I was bad in the moment
Bad
Is classic now a lot of people don't do consonants which is interesting if you're if you're wrapped with pleasure you just be like
That's cool sandwich
I love that
Have you guys watched my mode have you guys been watching the bear? It's great
It's about a guy and he's really stressed out about these beef sandwiches
He makes but then he feeds them up and then he serves it to people and every episode has a special guest star
On it and they're very famous people
And then and then they'll be on that like patrick stewart will be on there and he'll be like, yeah
Like what is wrong with you
Um, that's it for the article I don't know no no, no, no, we're just getting started
I mean, I can see if there's I can see if there's additional questions. There is none
Any comments?
Uh, no, it's got a 64 percent on uh review
We don't really cover that number very often. Where's that? Where's that get you that percentage?
Well, the way the percentages work is it's out of a hundred. I mean, I guess yeah, that's true, right?
It's easy to compare. Okay trav. Are you ready for trab to do his bone griffin or should I go first or um?
Um, I but can it be but here's my only request make it funny
Okay, okay
Well, we've learned a lot here. Let me think. Yeah, i'm gonna i'm gonna combo some things. Yeah, that's okay
I think that's probably the best idea. Okay
My my my my my my oh
Yeah
That's that one I don't like
Bababababababababababa
Oh sound effects, he didn't even
Oh that's fun. I like the creaky door. Can you do the creaky door? And maybe you can even work a song in there
Yeah
And that's all you need to do hit that note, that was really
I know in your head you were worried
that you weren't gonna get there.
Oh, I knew I could figure it out.
Okay, thank you, Griffin, for sharing that.
We are going to take a very brief commercial break,
by which I mean we're just gonna talk about brands
for a little bit,
and then we'll talk about things other than brands,
but probably we will talk about brands as well,
unpaid, because that's our thing.
Let's go to the Money Zone.
The other day, I posted this picture of Justin and I
at the Georgia Aquarium.
It's a great picture, posted on Instagram,
and someone said that my fit looked good.
That's all Stitch Fix, baby.
Yeah, fit is good.
Fit is good.
It was Stitch Fix pants.
It was Stitch Fix shirt.
I think it was my own shoes.
The other ones, I think I'm just renting from Stitch Fix,
but it was my own shoes.
But I want to say thank you to Stitch Fix
for getting all of my shit together.
Yeah. Someone had to do it.
Someone had to do it, and I appreciate it.
You guys are also Stitch Fix boys, right?
Oh, yes. Yeah.
We should have come up with like names for,
like if you're a Fixie, or you're just like a-
A Fixer. A Fixer sounds cool, doesn't it?
Oh, a Fixer, yeah.
Stitch, Stitch guy?
A Stitch, a Stitch Bitch?
I was about to say this is Stitch Fix,
then I saw that it's got a little Donald Duck
poking out here. Oh, that's probably not.
This is from the parks.
I got this second hand off eBay,
but it's the one garment I own
that I didn't get from Stitch Fix, everything else.
So, how does Stitch Fix work?
It's simple. Simple.
First, take a few minutes to set up
your Stitch Fix style profile.
Answer a few questions about what you like to wear,
what you don't, and how open you are to trying new styles.
Then, Stitch Fix expert stylist will go to work,
finding items exclusively for you.
Every piece is handpicked for you,
and is unique to your size, style, and in your budget,
which is nice. That's nice, I like that.
Stitch Fix will send you five pieces to try on at home.
Keep what you love, and send back what you don't.
Shipping returns and exchanges are always free.
And let's be clear here.
Yeah, sometimes it's like pants and shirts,
but also sometimes, right?
Teresa's gotten jewelry in there.
I got shoes. Whoa.
I get all kinds of stuff, right?
A new car?
What?
A new car?
I've never gotten a new car in there yet,
but Stitch Fix, if you're listening, I wouldn't say no.
I mean, if the price is right, and if it fits me.
If you think these ads are good now.
Yeah, oh, give me a car.
Can you slide a new car in there for me?
Oh, yeah. I love that.
Sign up today at stitchfix.com slash my brother,
all one word, to get $20 off your first purchase.
That's stitchfix.com slash my brother
to get $20 off your first purchase.
Limited time offer.
Purchase within two days of sign up.
Are elephants right-handed?
What's the middle-est size in the universe?
What is the history of fan fiction?
Let's find out together on our show,
Let's Learn Everything,
where we learn anything and everything interesting.
My name's Caroline,
and I studied biodiversity and conservation.
My name's Tom,
and I studied computer science and cognitive blah-blah-blah.
Did you?
And my name's Ella, and I studied stem cells
and regenerative medicine.
On our show, we do as much research
as you would for a class,
but we don't get in trouble for making each other laugh.
And we get to say,
fuck.
Maybe not in the trailer.
Subscribe to Let's Learn Everything
every other Thursday on Maximum Fun.
Are you ready to binge watch something old?
The Greatest Generation is a podcast about Star Trek
by a couple of hosts a little bit embarrassed
to even have a Star Trek podcast.
Hosted by me, Ben Harrison.
And me, Adam Pranica.
We get into the critical, the technical,
the science fictional aspects of the show we love
while roasting it and each other at the same time.
We've completed an entire series
about Star Trek The Next Generation,
and another one about Star Trek Deep Space Nine,
and we've just begun Star Trek Voyager.
So now is a great time to start watching
a new Star Trek series with us.
So subscribe to The Greatest Generation on MaximumFun.org
or wherever you get your podcasts
and become a friend of DeSoto today.
Justin, do one of your classic bits.
Yeah.
You sure?
Yeah, make it funny.
Oh, yeah, okay.
Can I just read up?
Okay.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, yeah.
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.
Yeah.
Dig, dig, dig, dig, dig, dig, dig, dig, dig, dig, dig.
I wanna munch.
Squad.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.
I want to munch.
Squad.
Squad.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.
Welcome to Munch Squad.
It's a podcast that's a podcast profiling
the latest and greatest of brand eating.
Just real quick,
because I'm trying to highlight
what great job you guys are doing, Griffin.
When you said squad, you sounded exactly like Toad
for the Mario games and I loved it.
Oh, did I really?
Yeah, at least to me.
Does he yell squad a lot?
No, I don't think he said squad,
but just like the way he would do it,
it made me really happy.
There is a low helicopter over my house right now.
Oh, they found you.
I think it might be Joe.
Oh, he's landing?
I think it might be Joseph Gordon-Biden.
McDonald's introduces cheese Danish to bakery menu.
I just wanted to mention this very briefly
because the lead on it says,
it's giving fans a tasty way
to switch up their seasonal routines
in a world of pumpkin, maple, and pecan.
Burn them down.
So I just love that McDonald's is like,
are you going to go with the pack?
Are you going to go to McDonald's?
Are you going to be a free thinker?
Are you going to go to McDonald's?
Another quick brief.
I just want to say, tell Wingstop to fuck off
because they came out with a chicken sandwich.
What?
Just go, just go ahead and put it out, no problem.
Your name is Wingstop.
You're an infant tickling yourself with a razor.
You don't know what you're doing.
Wingstop entered the chickens.
How many more?
How many more?
It's cost actual lives.
I'll keep saying it until it sinks in.
They're offering their sandwich
in the brand's 12 bold and distinct flavors.
Wingstop quickly revealed that customers
have been constrained to a category of bland,
where there are only options,
or plain, or spicy breaded sandwich.
The flavor craving is real.
With Wingstop selling out its entire supply
at 1600 US locations in a matter of days,
beating out Super Bowl Sunday transaction levels.
Wow.
Here's some key stats.
Are you guys ready for this?
They sold over a million chicken sandwiches in six days.
Is that a lot though?
Cause I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know either.
There's a lot of facts like this.
I mean, it seems like a lot to me.
Like if someone said you have to eat
a million chicken sandwiches in six days,
I'd be like, that's too many, right?
They sold out of, this one gets me.
They sold out of a four week supply in just six days,
with some restaurants wiped of supply
in as little as two days.
I'm just gonna come out and say it.
This is a new product.
You sent them a six day supply.
Yeah.
Proven.
What were you basing?
It's not a four week supply.
Yeah, what were you basing that number on?
Yeah, it's a six day supply, that's it.
We sent them some.
Why do these places insist on bragging
about their poor supply chain?
Yeah, it's brutal.
Also, how did you run out?
It's chicken on a sandwich.
Did you like, you killed all the chickens you had?
Like what happened?
You did a bad job.
How did you run out?
These eggs are not hatching fast enough.
How long does it take you to get more chickens
to the restaurant?
If on day one, it wasn't like,
oh, we used up a lot of them today, send more.
Here's another one.
Exceeded chicken sandwich sales expectations by 300%.
That's a fucking cool way of saying
you don't know what you're doing.
Yeah.
Like you don't believe in ourselves.
You should probably get somebody who can guess,
who can take a bite of a sandwich and be like,
yeah, they'll buy like a thousand of these, no problem.
Like you should probably hire that person to tell you
the viral marketing campaign for this,
and I'm sure you all heard about it,
it was number three trending on Twitter.
Yeah.
With all 100K free sandwich codes and giveaway
called Chicken Sandwich Split claimed in under a day.
Now hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.
A million sandwiches sold, a hundred thousand of them
were free, seems a little inflated to me, everybody.
Seems like they're trying to boost the juice just a bit.
Just a little bit.
Also, once you knew all 100,000 coupons were claimed,
why weren't you like, we should make more?
We're probably gonna need more.
We've written so many chicken checks.
We have gotten, people are going to cash them.
They are going to, they are literally
going to come home to roost and we must be ready for them.
We have put them all in one basket
and I'm angry at ourselves for doing that.
Why didn't someone warn us before?
There's so many idioms about knowing
how many chickens or birds you have on hand
at any given time.
There's a lot of them, more than any other object.
Heads up, if you go to wingstop.com, which by the way,
traffic doubled over its usual rate at wingstop.com.
If you go, there's a big banner ad that just says,
heads up, sandwich lovers,
the new chicken sandwich is sold out.
Sorry, we fucked up so bad, it says,
but we really got cucked by all you sandwich-loving maniacs.
And I'm sorry. It's a supply chain issue.
We ran out of microchips to put into the sandwiches
and we got to wait for more to come in from overseas.
That's on us.
The launch of our wingstop chicken sandwich
in 12 flavors exceeded our expectations on all fronts,
says disgraced CEO, Michael Skipper,
who doesn't even know if his chicken sandwich is good or not.
So he only does a million of them.
People are wild about these things.
Our craveable product and viral campaign
drove unprecedented, extraordinary demand
for both our core guests,
as well as brought in a lot of new Wingstop fans
to the brand.
But don't worry, we just squandered all that potential
by then not having any more to sell them.
So any kind of goodwill and notoriety
we are gaining by popularity was then crushed
as someone came in on day seven of selling a new product
and we said, oh, it's out.
No, no. We don't have any more.
We didn't think anybody liked chicken and bread.
Thanks to strong, trusted relationships
with supplier partners,
we anticipate having chicken sandwich supply
back in restaurants soon.
So fans and new guests alike can get their hands
on this new favorite chicken sandwich.
So you can really capitalize on this moment
two weeks later.
Yeah, they can prey upon our weakness.
Chicken sandwich seekers can be alerted of restocks
by signing up for Wingstop.
Oh my God.
Get out. Get out of the town.
Can you imagine?
My wife asks me every time I get an email
and it makes the little email sound.
She's just like, just being curious,
taking interest in my life.
Who's that?
And I would have to say like, oh, good.
Oh, baby.
Actually, I can't fucking talk to you right now.
I have to get the door.
You're already halfway out the door.
Now, you don't have any shoes on.
What are you doing?
I don't care.
You don't understand.
Chicken sandwich seekers can be alerted to restocks
by signing up for Wingstop's digital database
where once back, it can be purchased at a compelling value
of 5.49 for an a la carte sandwich with a dip
or 7.99 for the combo with fries and a drink.
Hey guys, charge more.
You fucked up.
Charge three times.
You did a six days, four week supply.
You're charging one fourth as much as you should be.
Charge $30 for the sandwich.
Yeah.
Or make them a quarter smaller.
Like, there's a quarter the size.
Just make them smaller sandwiches.
These are sliders now.
Sliders, they're sliders.
We're cutting them.
I heard there was one restaurant
where the demand was so bad
that they started cutting the chicken sandwiches in half
and they were charging people full price,
but they cut the chicken sandwiches in half.
They ran out of halves
and they started cutting them into fourths.
And then they realized, wait a minute.
We've passed out many more sandwiches than we should have.
And they went back to the back
and there was more wedges of chicken sandwich.
And they just kept cutting
and there just kept being more chicken sandwich.
Did you guys hear about that?
That happened at Wingstop.
God's not dead.
He's at Wingstop.
He's at Wingstop.
And even he can't get this fucking sandwich.
No, no, no, no, no.
I do want a fucking chicken sandwich now though.
Yeah, I always do.
That's all anybody ever wants.
We cannot rekindle.
We cannot rekindle the flame of war.
We've moved on.
I'm a potter from Brisbane, Australia.
And I come to you, the wisest of boys for advice.
Every time, I'm a man, by the way.
I've changed the word.
Oh, when did that happen?
I'm a man.
We're the man, you say.
I can moan, I'm a man.
Every time I meet someone new and they ask me what I do,
I'm always met with some variation of the same line
when I tell them I'm a potter.
They say, like in Ghost?
This is something I can laugh off at first,
but now I find myself grinding my teeth
waiting for the inevitable ha-ha,
do you and your husband ever do the Ghost thing,
every time I tell them what I do.
Even fellow artists have asked me this.
Brothers, how can I tell me what my profession
without them thinking that I'm getting nasty
with some crazy-swayzee fantasy?
Crazy-swayzee fantasy is pleasurable.
Really fun to say.
Also, should I watch Ghost?
Yeah.
Seems like a culturally relevant flick.
Sorry, that's from Sorry, Ghost.
I don't like you like that.
It's weird you wouldn't check out Ghost.
After a while, Justin, it's a thing.
You've never had this happen to you
where someone's like, oh, you'd love it,
and be like, yeah, I haven't seen it, right?
And it's just become a thing.
I've never seen Avatar, the Avatar movie
with the blue people, never seen it.
Not because I'm opposed to watching it.
I just haven't.
And at this point, what's the right time?
You should feel happy that we don't have a Patreon,
because if we had a Patreon,
you definitely would have watched that movie by now.
That's probably true.
I definitely would have made you do
a commentary track to Avatar.
To this posse, perhaps get a-
The Last Airbender.
Perhaps, no, I would never watch that again.
The TV show, great.
Movie, boo.
Wow, Trav, what a bold, brave stance.
Bold stance that the Last Airbender movie sucks.
Wow, I can't believe he said it.
I said it, that's right.
Welcome to bold takes.
I would say to the Potter, maybe get ahead of it,
and say, yes, I'm a Potter,
and I often do that ghost thing with my husband.
Sometimes I just do it with a ghost.
Nice to meet you.
That could be fun.
Yeah.
You could also say, no, I don't.
It's actually pretty hard to stabilize
some clay you just threw down a wheel
when someone is trying to spoon you,
sort of sitting up spectrally.
I don't know if you guys have ever tried
to spin that good clay, that good wet mud,
to try to make a big urn or face.
It's fucking hard.
You are fighting the centrifugal force
of nature and trying your best
to make it not look bad or wrong,
and you have to really be present.
If you lose concentration for even a second,
that thing is gonna end up splatting against the wall
like a big pizza pie.
I've watched the throw down.
Yeah, absolutely, dude.
And so the last thing you need is someone behind you,
like, you smell good.
Yeah, you don't need the extra hands.
When I'm doing art, I don't need the help.
Thank you, Patrick.
Now, maybe you could just turn it around,
and they're like, do this thing.
And you're like, yeah, no, but what about you?
Do you ever fuck ghosts at your job?
And then see-
That's great.
I don't come to your job and tell you
to fuck ghosts and how to do it.
And now it's a conversation, you know what I mean?
Now we're making friends out here.
Does your partner ever walk up behind you
while you're doing someone's nails or whatever,
and they start spooning you in front of the customers?
No, weird.
Anyways, have you had these hors d'oeuvres?
Does this person meet famous baseball players and like,
so does an angel ever pick you up by the armpit
so you can jump up super high
to catch a home run out of the air?
No, I think, but the difference there is, Griff,
we have a lot of different ways of thinking about baseball.
For some reason, they did this one wild thing
in a Swayze movie once,
and it's all anybody knows about pottery.
Yeah, we need to get more pottery references
out there in society.
The problem is I'm thinking about a pottery-based movie,
and I need myself bored.
Like, just with a single thought.
And I'm not saying that pottery is boring.
I'm saying that watching it-
Pottery is boring.
Pottery is boring, thank you.
Here's what you do, Griffin, you make a pottery movie,
and you add in a beefy, sexy partner
that comes over and sits behind them,
and oh, fuck, no, I did it again.
I tried to fix it up.
You made a sexy ghost movie again.
It is really sexy when people do that.
What if instead of a ghost, it's a mummy?
Oh, now that's going to be a problem
because it's going to get the bandages real dirty.
Well, the bandage is going to get stuck to the vase,
and it's going to unwrap the mummy.
He's going to spin around really, really fast
and turn into just skeleton bones.
And then the bones are going to collapse,
and then you turn to the camera and say,
no bones about it.
That would actually be a good way of ending the conversation
if you were just like,
no, but here's a-
No, but I am horny for mummies, if you're curious.
Now, what if it was a vampire, and they're doing it,
and they're already in a position to bite that neck, right?
So as you're doing it together, they're also draining you.
And then they pass out, and the pot falls off and breaks,
and then the vampire says, well, this sucks, right?
And then it's like-
Justin, you do one now?
I don't actually understand the-
Okay, so I'll give you another example.
A Frankenstein monster comes up behind you,
and he just tries to do it, but he squishes it,
and then it rips one of his zombie arms off,
and throws it across the room.
And he's like, hey, can you give me a hand?
Oh, that's pretty good.
So that's the construction of the joke, Justin.
Now you can do one, because I know you know other monsters.
It's a mummy.
I already did a mummy one.
We've done mummy, vampire, and a Frankenstein monster,
so go ahead.
I did want to do a different mummy one, though.
Okay, okay.
We'll try, we'll see.
It's like a reboot of the mummy.
Oh, sure, this is the mummy too?
Okay.
No, it's a reboot of the mummy, it's different.
With Tom Cruise.
He's helping, who's in our reboot?
Probably Rooney Mara, and he's helping her.
Oh my god, Justin, that was really good, actually.
Yeah, this is a good poll.
That is who would be in the ghost reboot.
That's exactly who would be in mummy.
He's doing it for like a long time,
and then he's like, can we wrap this up?
Oh, that's pretty good.
That's good, but something has to happen to him violent.
Some violent thing has to happen to him in your response.
But then she's like, you know how Rooney Mara
always talks, and she's like, sure!
And then she jams one end of his thing
into the pottery wheel, and he starts like.
His thing?
Wait, wait, wait, Rooney Mara craps his dick
and shuts it? She takes the end
of the wrapping into the pottery,
and it starts spinning, but then it's spinning him around,
right, it's spinning the mummy around,
and peeling off his wrapping, and it's just bones.
Okay.
And they fall to the ground.
Now it's a skeleton.
And then she's like, well, that was a boner, wasn't it?
Oh, wait.
She does two different voices in the movie?
And two different puns?
She's possessed by Helen Mirren's ghost,
because it's teaching the mummy how to live.
All right, all right, all right, okay.
I love those.
So you knew that Matthew McConaughey plays the mummy.
I knew it!
You guessed that already, Griff.
Yeah.
Okay, now a werewolf comes in.
Yeah.
And the werewolf sits behind her, and they're doing it,
and then it stops, and she's like, what happened?
He goes, oh, I just had two paws.
So a cyborg comes in, and immediately crushes the vase
as soon as he touches it.
Yeah.
And he looks at him, and he's like, this mega bites.
Oh, that's very good.
Now what would it be if a doll came in, Griffin?
He would come in, and hold on, let me think of a funny joke.
Okay, give him a minute, Justin.
Just back off, okay?
Give him a second.
Justin, just calm down.
He's thinking, I can see it on his face.
He's got it, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, here it comes.
Oh, here it comes, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Here it comes, baby.
So he would come in, and he doesn't have arms or hands,
and so he would probably just look at it,
and he would be like, such beauty does not compute.
Beep, boop, bop, and then his shell explodes,
and the dog man inside of that pilots it pops out,
and smashes through a window, and runs off,
and then Doctor Who shows up, and he has a gun,
and he runs into the room, and he's like,
which way did he go?
And then she's like, the dog man ran out the window,
and you see him go to the window,
and just fire off a few rounds, and then he looks back,
and he's like, I got it.
And then he comes up behind Rooney Mara,
and he sets the, first off, he sets the gun down,
and then he is like, and let's try this again,
but we'll use some of my space clay,
and he sets down space clay on the wheel,
and when it spins this time, it doesn't just make a vase,
it makes, instead of just making a vase,
it makes a mirror, a little mirror,
and when you look inside of it,
you see the moment of your death.
And this is my new movie, Ghost.
Okay, wait, hold on.
You've lost it, you've lost it, and we've lost it,
and by it, I mean the time that we had a lot of.
Darth Vader comes in.
Okay, thank you, Griffin, I really appreciate you
for that great back contribution.
How many hands are on the mirror at this point, Griffin?
It's not a mirror anymore, it went back to being a vase.
Oh, okay, cool, cool, cool.
This is our podcast, and we very much appreciate you
being here, I hope you've got that new Montaigne album.
Good lord almighty, it fucking slaps good.
It slaps real good.
They did a real nice job on that one.
They did a great job cranking that one out.
Oh, yeah, great, and what's the name of that one?
Where can we find it, where can we find it?
If you search Montaigne.
If you search Montaigne, it'll pop up.
Point, but the new album is called Making It.
It's got a very cool cover, it's got lots of good songs.
I mean, come on, it's a slam.
Power ranking of the songs, I'm gonna say,
now in space, still number one, up in my book,
I like In the Green Room, strong start.
Of course, you can't always be you with David Byrne.
Just a fucking great album.
Y'all have to listen to this one.
I'm very excited that she put J.C.Ultra on it too.
Yes, absolutely.
Hey, thank you to Max 1 Fun.
Fun fact, actually fun fact about J.C.Ultra.
Montaigne sent J.C.Ultra to us
when we first started talking about doing the theme song.
Montaigne sent a demo of J.C.Ultra,
and she was like, what do you think of this energy,
this vibe, and I was like, that's fantastic.
But that was the song that I'd heard
where I was like, yes, she has to, anyway,
that's on the album, it's one of the good songs.
Thank you to Max 1 Fun for having us on the network.
Lots of great shows there, lots of great jokes,
and lots of good education too.
They got jokes, education,
sports, sports.
Some hot takes in there as well.
Oh, we have some live shows coming up
in just a couple weeks.
In two weeks, we're gonna be, let's see,
we're gonna be in San Jose on the 29th and 30th
for Adventure Zone and My Brother, My Brother and Me.
We're gonna be in Denver on October 1st
with My Brother, My Brother and Me.
And then in November, we got some shows
in Washington, D.C. and Detroit and Cincinnati.
You can get all those tickets at bit.ly slash McElroy Tours.
Mask and proof a full vaccine or a negative COVID test
within 72 hours of event start is required.
Also, this weekend, I am going to be at an event
in Elmore, Ohio and an event in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
We'll tweet about that from the McElroy Family HQ
to give you all of the details.
Also go to the merch store and check out all the merch there,
including the Munch Squad hoodie and the Besties tee.
10% of all merch proceeds this month go to Earthjustice.
Check that out at McElroyMerch.com.
And don't forget to pre-order
the Taz 11th Hour graphic novel.
Pre-order are open now at theadventurezonecomic.com.
That's it.
That's it for the show.
Thanks for listening, y'all.
You're welcome.
Griffin, did you have an inspirational quote
for us to wrap it all up?
Yeah, don't let anybody push you around.
Don't let anybody push you around into doing bits
that you don't wanna do anymore.
Don't let anybody tell you you have to do bits
that you don't wanna do anymore.
Cause you don't fucking have to.
Got it.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
You were here at the same time as everyone else.
You were here at the same time as everyone else.
You don't, it's not like you were last
to call your seat in the car.
And so you have to do a bit at the end of the show
for 12 fucking years.
My brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad somewhere on the lips.
You don't have to do that anymore.
It's better with you.
It's better with you.
My life is better with you.
