The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin Teelon McElroy.
I am your babiest brother, Travis Patrick McElroy.
And I'm your Uncle Dane.
Uncle Dane, welcome to the show for your, wow, is this your 300th episode with us?
It's my 300th episode, and my brother's children, I'm so happy to be here with both of you today in the studio space.
Such an exciting place to be with you, my nephews.
So I guess everybody was able to celebrate today, the brief time at which our son was uncovered.
Happened around two o'clock my time, we got to just see sunlight for once every hundred years.
Now, I missed it because a bunch of mean school kids locked me in a closet.
Yeah, it was a real fart in the face, but 2024.
Those kids at Bradbury High are so fucking cold.
They're such ding-dongs.
And you're a teacher there, Uncle Dane, you shouldn't let the kids treat you like that.
I know, but my body's so small.
So I heard a thing on news that said that when the sun came out, there was a weird sort of radio interference.
And everybody pretty much across the world was hearing what they call podcasts,
which sounds like our data orbs, you know, how we like projected the show out on a data orb.
We were receiving a lot of podcasts and they suggested, like I heard this thing called Radio Lab.
And then this one podcast called Cereal, but not like the food stuff.
And they suggested that ours might also be projected out through the sun using the sun as some sort of weird conduit.
Did President Jerry O'Connell make a statement about this?
Did he have anything to say about it?
He's our go-to science expert.
Yeah, and he did a lot of Slider's references, and I thought that that might be a fun vein for us to tap into as well.
I thought it was a little bit weird that he used Twogger to just put it out there.
Broken up into, I guess it was about 38 Twogs, it's weird that he's not taking to a stage or something more formal rather than using social media.
Frankly, it's weird seeing anybody use Twogger for anything other than just like complimenting each other and being like really, really nice to each other,
which is, of course, in this world.
And I don't know why I said in this world, but in this world, just sort of the way that everyone uses Twogger.
To be fair though, President O'Connell has never been a traditional president.
I mean, after he broke the country up into eight different countries.
At that point, using Twogger to make announcements isn't really that big a deal if you think about it.
So, boys, the question on everybody's mind is, how did you spend the sun period?
Locked in a closet by bully children. I literally just said it.
Okay, obviously Uncle Dane is on one of his cantankerous rants, Dane's drops that he does.
Dane's veins.
Listen, I'll be the first one to go against the grain here.
This is one of Dane's grains where I'm going against it and sort of rubbing up against.
Because I know everybody's always saying how great millennials are.
I'll be the first one to say that I think there's some issues here.
And I'll be the first one to highlight those.
Whoa, from downtown Dane.
I can't even get on board with you, Dane, because think about all the things that millennials have saved.
They've saved the napkin industry, they've saved the housing industry, they've saved the magazine industry, they've saved everything.
This might be a weird thing to say, because we're literally just saying things that happened today on this very special day where the sun came out.
And we're just saying the truth, right?
For some reason, I feel this thing in my gut where this bit isn't working.
Which is weird, because we're just saying the truth. We're just literally talking about what our day was like.
Wait, but did you guys see Better Off Ted last night?
Oh yeah.
It was so good.
Every season gets better and better and better.
Every season gets better and better.
They've been going for so many seasons now.
And you would think up against Firefly, they'd never be able to stay on air, but the two of them work together.
Really, that's the thing.
Interestingly, I love the crossover episodes between Better Off Ted and Firefly.
Right.
And I remember the first time they did a crossover episode.
I think it was the first of 20 at this point.
And it was like, what? This is ridiculous.
But once you explain the matter transference technology that they had developed, I was like, oh yeah.
Okay, totally get it.
All right.
Listen, we've talked about banal things that are very commonplace for us long enough.
I feel like we didn't really hit on an intro topic, though.
Should we do a watch?
We could talk about the Pushing Daisies movie that's coming out.
Yeah, we're all very excited about that.
Travis, all of our intro bits have always been so great every time that it seems like one clunker is not really going to upset the orange cart, I would say.
I would love to talk to you all about this new tentacle moistener I've been using for my tentacles.
I actually kind of like my tentacles scaly and dry, frankly, but different strokes.
My friend and I were hanging out one day and I asked her for the time.
She said, oh, it's almost seven in the afternoon.
I was confused and said, oh, you mean seven in the evening?
She said, no, it's seven in the afternoon.
She even said that her friends also call it seven in the afternoon and prove that after 7 p.m. it's technically always afternoon.
Well, after 12 p.m. is what the question says.
After 12 p.m. it's technically always afternoon until 12 a.m.
Am I in the wrong or is she?
That's from Stuck in Time in California.
Now, this is very interesting because for me, without the sun, it becomes very hard.
I don't put a lot of value in this one.
There's something wrong with our categorization of time chunks because it goes morning and that can go from fucking 12.01 a.m. to like 11.59 a.m.
That's literally half the day.
Then it's noon for one minute and then I guess it's afternoon until like, what, five?
Then it's evening and then it's night.
It's not efficient enough, I don't think.
There are some periods.
See, I would argue that 12 a.m. is not morning.
That is not morning.
That is not the morning.
The morning is, I would argue, at five a.m.
Now, if you talk about three to five, that period, I think, could go either way.
If you're still up, it's the evening.
But if you have a really early gig, it's the morning.
So that's very confusing.
I think what we need to do is we need to start designating that time as a zero.
That is a nothing time.
That is a time during which nothing should occur.
Three a.m. to five a.m. should be left blank.
Yeah, shouldn't exist.
That is like, if you see that, there's an episode of Twilight Zone where they somehow got out of time
and they could see the people building the next minute.
That's what three to five a.m. is.
Three to five a.m. is the time at which nature reverts back to nothing to build the new day.
You shouldn't be there.
Have you ever noticed at three a.m. to five a.m. if you see like a raccoon or a deer, they give you this look like,
Can we not? Yeah, this is ours.
Can we just, right now, can we have a second, please?
Let me hit you with this.
Breakfast time, lunch time, dinner time, sleep time.
Those are the new categorizations.
I just wish that science would have broken time down by now into like smaller chunks,
like 24 chunks that you could much clearer say the time rather than just having to say afternoon or even.
Like if only we had some sort of system that everybody pretty much universally understood that we could use that was very specific.
And even within maybe those chunks, you had even smaller chunks that allowed us to know what time it is.
We do have those.
We do have those, and they did say it in the question, and so I'm confused.
No, no, I know.
Sorry, that was not an alternate joke.
That was sarcasm.
See, I got confused because I thought it was an alternate.
And I don't know why we say alternate because it's our truth or reality.
Yeah, no, no, no.
I think we've edited the past two minutes out anyway, so I think that we're fine.
I've been developing a new skill set called sarcasm.
It's never been used before.
I've just developed it.
Sounds really funny.
That was great.
How about a yahoo?
Do you know how everyone here is sincere all the time and just says what they mean and is very direct?
What do you mean by here?
That's confusing.
Here, like, you know how everybody says what they mean all the time?
What if they didn't?
I call it lying.
Here's a yahoo from the really successful and widely respected Yahoo Answers service.
It was sent in by a few people.
The first one to send it in, I think, was Aaron Palmer.
Thank you, Aaron.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Bill who asks,
Could the police still arrest me if I had plans to get a pizza delivered to me?
If the police show up at my door and arrest me for a crime, I did.
But at the same time, I was waiting for a pizza that I ordered that didn't come yet, what will happen?
What if I tell the police that I need to wait for my pizza to be delivered and if I had plans for someone to come over?
Would the police still be able to wait for me before arresting me?
What if I really need time to do something important on the day I am getting arrested?
Anytime you've ever seen someone run from the cops, they're usually running to pizza.
If they have got a pizza in the oven, they don't want their perfect Pizza Hut record.
You know how Pizza Hut keeps a record of everybody whether or not they come to get their pizzas.
They have the streak board up where it's like,
Justin has picked up his pizza when he said he was going to every single time for the past 20 visits.
You just don't want to lose your pizza streak, so you're running to go get the pizza.
Not necessarily away from the cops.
Sir, you are under arrest.
No, I'm sorry. My boy Dylan's coming over.
Just ordered a pizza. We were going to play Mortal Kombat.
Sounds like a chill hang, sir.
Sorry, we didn't realize. We'll just come back tomorrow.
You have the right to have a chill hang and play with Sub-Zero and Scorpion and all their friends.
Everyone knows if you are standing on a pizza, you have personal pain and diplomatic immunity.
And that's just straight up.
First of all, you have to ruin a pizza to do it, or at least two footprint-shaped parts of the pizza are going to be no good after that.
You could eat around the footfalls.
But yeah, if you're standing on a pizza, you're untouchable.
Can't do it. Can't do it. That's in the Constitution.
That's why the New York police were never able to arrest the Ninja Turtles.
You know what I mean? They always tried to.
They're like, oh, we have to get these vigilantes.
Oh, damn it.
Hey, they did do a lot of vigilante justice and probably ran afoul of some statutes.
They murdered a lot.
Could they arrest the Turtles even without their personal pain and diplomatic immunity?
First of all, they'd need big wrist cuffs.
Big, big handcuffs, as some people call them.
They would need big, big wrist cuffs to get around their big, meaty wrists and hands and palms and stuff.
They would also have to be very fast, Griffin, because you go for the wrist and they're inside the shell.
You know what I mean?
Like, get those arms back out here.
In a recent live show, we talked about my realization that you cannot arrest a dog for a crime,
and therefore furries are just running Grif's 24-Sev, right?
I think the Turtles are on a very similar vein, because it's like, you have the right to—
Wait, that's a Turtle.
Jerry, we can't arrest a fucking Turtle.
What are we talking about here?
What will we put on the paperwork?
Gorillas are so smart, and the thing you've got to be careful about when we're teaching them sign language,
which I love, and is adorable.
I loved watching that gorilla sign about how sad it was that its cat died.
Oh, yeah.
If you guys saw it.
It's so good.
It's a classic.
How tripped out would you be if one time, like, you were signing with the gorilla and just going over the basics of human society,
and the girl was like, so, can I get arrested for stuff?
And the person signed, no, I guess not, you're a gorilla.
And the gorilla's like, I'll be right back.
Peace.
Because you can't arrest a gorilla.
It's ridiculous.
But Big Turtle gets arrested for nunchuck crimes.
Maybe they go to zoo.
Okay.
All right.
Well, that is more, yeah.
I think zoo is animal jail.
Maybe.
I'm just still working on this.
Can police still arrest me if I had plans to get a pizza delivered to me?
Hands up.
Here's my badge.
I'm showing you my badge.
She'll let you know.
And it's like, okay, here's my Domino's pizza tracker.
Fucking chill for a minute.
Can you chill for a minute?
Well, that's the trick, Griffin.
You can do this.
But to pull this off, you have to time it so that you call for the pizza, then commit the crime.
Like, you can't commit the crime first.
Double jeopardy.
Yeah, because then clearly, like, no, we get to arrest you first.
But if the pizza was already in the works and then you committed the crime,
you can't be arrested until the pizza consumption is complete.
See?
And that's how you get them.
Because they're like, all right, your pizza's here.
Fucking yummy down.
And let's go to the pokey.
And you're like, okay.
Ah.
Little bite.
Hot, hot, hot, hot.
Ooh, it's so hot.
Ooh, got to blow on the cheese.
Got to blow on the cheese.
And then all of a sudden, you're at your fucking, you know, your daughter's wedding,
and you're still holding the slice with a detective right behind you,
and you're still blowing on that cheese and that old stinky pizza.
And then the detective's like, oh, you're done.
And you're like, oh, no, still got the crust.
Dip, dip, dip, dip, dip, dip, dip, dip.
The Domino's Pizza Tractor used to say who was making your pizza.
And for a period of about three years, back when the service first debuted,
every time we got Domino's, and I was younger then,
so it was a lot of times, every time we got Domino's, it was made by Daniel.
Pizza Daniel.
Pizza Daniel.
Thank you.
Yes, Pizza Daniel.
And we got pretty obsessed with the idea that this guy, Daniel,
is working there all the time and making all the pizzas pretty much.
And then recently, like fairly recently, I got a Domino's pizza order,
and knock, knock, knock, opened the door.
Who was it delivering the pizza, but a man named Daniel.
How did you get that data?
Hi, here's your pizza.
Cool.
What's your name, partner?
He had a name tag on.
Okay.
Yeah, he had a name tag on.
And I was so sort of like, I couldn't tell if it had been a promotion or a demotion.
It doesn't seem like a good resource to take him out the oven, right?
Yeah.
But maybe riding the oven is like being a desk jockey for cops,
like not really in the field unless you're getting out there slinging crust.
Daniel, you know what I mean?
Daniel, you're so good at delivering pizza.
You got it here so fast.
Why haven't you been doing this the whole time?
I shot a kid.
Okay.
First of all, you shouldn't be allowed to be in public.
You should be in zoo, I think, because you did a really bad job.
I don't think that pizza delivery people, this isn't fucking snow crash.
You shouldn't have a fucking samurai sword.
What are you talking about, pizza Daniel?
I'm a junior in college, and recently while in a math class,
I was talking with some fellow students about some political news.
Mistake.
Mistake.
This is when things get real wild.
The girl sitting a few desks over turned to us and said,
no spoilers, I haven't watched the news yet.
Oh, man.
After recovering from uncontrollable laughter,
I tried to explain to her that there aren't spoilers in real world events.
All evidence to the contrary, I will say.
A lot of spoilers out there.
But she said she would just put in headphones until class started
so we could continue talking,
and she could still be surprised by the news later that day.
Am I good?
Is she good?
Have I been having the wrong attitude towards news all my life,
or should I try to explain to this person that discussing actual political events
doesn't qualify as a spoiler?
Please help.
That's from politically perplexed in the Pacific Northwest.
I am, I do not know what's wilder,
that this person thinks that people can spoil the news for her before she watches it,
or that she willingly sits down and says,
I'm going to ingest some news now.
The news has got to fucking find me.
The news has got to track me.
Whoops, news.
Oops, news.
You got me again, news.
Oops all news.
This person's a sentient Portlandia sketch, I think.
There's no such thing as news spoilers.
If somebody is talking about current events near you,
and you hear it and receive it, it's just more news.
That's news.
That's what news is.
I would like to acknowledge and then move away from the possibility
that this person just didn't want to hear you talk about politics,
and this was like they're out of like,
oh, oh, oh, oh, well.
Yeah, we need to always-
I guess I'll put on, skip over that.
We always need to be cognizant of the fact
that somebody might just be very funny.
Let me tell you why you are both wrong.
Oh.
And I'm going to connect it very simply.
You wouldn't find this weird if this was a big sports game.
No, but I'm not affected in any way.
That's a real life event, Griffin.
If there's a real life event that people don't want spoiled for them,
that's only two steps away from a new bill getting signed.
Yeah, but I'm not affected by the Buffalo Bills scored a cool touchdown
as much as I am by the fact that fucking Steve Bannon unzipped his skin suit
and revealed he was a fucking toilet literally the whole time,
a toilet with arms and legs.
That actually did happen, Griffin,
and we didn't really delve into that in the introduction.
Yeah.
That was strange.
Did you arrest a toilet?
I think this person is just very funny.
I think this was a very funny joke, right?
This seems like a very fun.
This seems like a person you should probably try to hang with either way.
Especially if you are being literal about your uncontrollable laughter.
If you laughed uncontrollably in this person's face
and they still continue to be like,
well, better put my headphones in so I don't find out
about what happened this morning on CNN,
like that's a very funny person, I think.
Yeah.
How about another Yahoo?
Hit me.
This one was sent in by Nick Potter.
Thank Nick.
It's Yahoo Answers.
Thank Nick.
Yeah.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Oscar Smith,
and Oscar Smith says,
My neighbor is cooking some pancakes next door.
The aroma is overwhelmingly wonderful.
Would it be rude to knock on her door and ask her for one?
Okay, first I want to acknowledge something,
and that is the sheer bravery of using what is potentially your real name.
Either that or you're so clever that you have used a nom de plume
that sounds like a real name.
A nom de pancake.
These are amazing.
There was actually recently, I saw a commercial on the Hulu
that was like the Pancake Sunday is how apartment 4B makes friends,
and it's just like someone putting flyers up in their apartment building
like stop on by our apartment for pancakes on Sunday.
No chance.
No, that's a trap.
No way.
Yeah, that's a trap.
It's literally the most perfect bait for me.
Like literally, if I smell pancakes and I walked along that stink line
through the air, you know at the end of it,
there's going to be a fucking cage held up with a stick,
and I'm going to knock down the stick, and all of a sudden I'm in zoo,
and I don't want that.
There's a moment in this commercial in which an adorable little girl
carries a plate of pancakes, sits them on a welcome mat of an apartment
of a man who has not attended Pancake Sunday yet,
and that is what pushes him over the edge to go attend.
If I opened my door to find an uncovered, unwrapped,
completely unsealed plate of pancakes, I'd call the cops.
I'd call the police.
Yeah.
I'm the victim of something,
and I need you to get down here and help me figure out what.
This is an unspecified threat.
We've talked about neighbor anxiety for a while.
I kind of know my neighbors,
but the chasm between where I'm at
vis-a-vis my relationship with my neighbors,
where it's basically a rear window situation,
where like one of my neighbors had like three U-Haul trucks parked outside,
and then the next day the U-Haul trucks were gone, but they didn't move.
And I'm like, what happened?
I have to know fucking everything.
The chasm between where I'm at now, rear window style,
to knock, knock, knock, let me get one of those good flapjacks I'm sniffing,
is so wide that I cannot believe that me and this person are like
members of the same society, that we are the same like species.
It is wild to me.
I would actually be very relieved if this happened.
I would never take the initiative to go ask for flapjacks.
But if someone did open up the door and say,
well, let's hope they didn't open up my door.
Let's say they knocked.
You want the flapjacks?
Whoa!
Flapjacks!
Oh, God.
It's me, Flapjack Nicholsack.
I'm going door to door.
Ask the people for flapjacks.
So if Flapjack Nicholsack knocked on my door and was like,
hey, you got pancakes?
Because I would love to get into one of those bad boys.
I don't think I've ever made exactly the right number of pancakes.
That's bad.
You always have a couple of crusty boys that sit out on the plate,
and then maybe around two in the afternoon, you're like,
well, you're still here, huh?
Let's see what you got.
And then you're like, ah, this was a mistake, and I'll throw these away.
Oh, everybody loves room-temperature cold pancakes.
Mm-mm.
But Mom used to make the kind that had apples and cinnamon in them,
and those were extremely edible.
And they got a good and powerful stink to them,
and you're going to smell those and need them.
I need these.
The problem that I would have if someone did this would be this.
I would say, okay, yeah, no problem.
I'll go get some pancakes for you.
And then I would think like, okay, so do I put them in a Ziploc bag,
or do I wrap them in a paper towel, or should I syrup them?
Just toss them loose in a grocery bag?
Should I syrup them on a paper plate, and then do I have to give them paper?
If I give them glass and plate and silverware,
are they going to stay on my porch and eat them?
I would be paralyzed.
They would have to come in, and I would just say,
I'm going to lock myself in the closet.
Take whatever you need.
Take whatever, my fucking plasma screen, my laptop.
Just do whatever you need.
I think what everyone should start doing is,
much like if you're going to throw a big, loud party,
and you go around your neighbors, and you're like,
hey, I'm going to have a big, loud party, feel free to stop by.
If we get too loud, please give me a call before you call.
I think you should do that with everything.
Like, hey, I'm going to make some pancakes.
Feel free to stop by.
If it smells too loud, please don't call the police.
And like, hey, I'm going to be playing some Overwatch.
You'll hear me yelling because I got fucking frozen again.
And please don't call the police about my freezing.
But if you want to come over, and you want to do some LAN, that's fine.
What if there's an alternate reality to our own,
where somebody knocks on their door and is like,
can you please turn down the smell of those pancakes?
My family and I are just trying to watch our veggie tales,
and we're having a really hard time doing so,
because the stink is just so powerful.
My cheat day is tomorrow, and you're killing me.
I have a true life neighbor anxiety tale,
a horrifying true story, if you guys want to hear it.
Yeah.
We've never talked about our anxieties before on this show,
so this will be an exciting segment maybe.
My neighbor who lives across the street is a very pleasant older woman
who seems to always be on her porch smoking.
She comes over and knocks on the door at 8 p.m. a few nights ago,
and says that her phone has stopped working
because she shares it with her family,
and she needs to make a call to Nate to ask him to recharge her boost mobile phone.
This is exactly how she puts it to me, by the way.
And here is where it gets terrifying.
I say, sure, fine, that's no problem,
but my daughter has just gone to sleep,
and the front door is about four feet from her bedroom.
So if I hand this woman my phone and close the door,
then she will have to take some baby waking action
to alert me that her audio transaction with Nate
and the refilling of the boost has taken place.
So without even thinking, I hand her my phone and then realize
I am trapped on the front porch standing here
while this woman talks to Nate and tries to explain the boost mobile situation.
And she is repeatedly telling Nate that it's telling her
she needs to find a place to charge her boost mobile phone
and download this app that tells her where the boost mobile hotspots are
to recharge the phone.
And this is all far, far beyond this blessed woman's capabilities,
technologically speaking.
This is all Greek to her,
and I'm just standing here for the whole conversation
while she talks to Nate.
And I was sitting there trying to think like,
what do people do?
What do people do when they just stand in a place
and listen to a conversation?
What have I ever done? I've never done this before.
I should get on my, oh God, she has my phone.
I can't even look at my phone.
I started like looking at the plants.
Yeah, I was about to say you started gardening.
I did. I started like, these have some holes.
I'm a gardener now.
I'm so uncomfortable that I became a gardener.
I take care of these plants.
This got so bad, guys, that I actually like opened the door
and grabbed the first thing that I could reach
because I didn't want to risk her ending the conversation
and yelling because she doesn't give a shit.
She'll wake a baby up.
And I grabbed the first thing I could,
which was one of Sydney's medical journals.
Oh my God, Justin.
I just stood there on the porch perusing like cool new rations
that people have just found out about
while this woman tries to explain the situation to Nate.
And eventually she thanked me profusely
and went back to her home.
But it was probably the most terrifying
two and a half minutes of my life.
This Nate sounds like a real techno wizard.
I would love to get him over here to look at my printer.
It's been acting up lately.
Your new printer?
Yeah, I can't download any pictures of my nieces and nephews anymore
because I ran out of space.
That's so weird because all printers always work
and are great.
So it's so strange to hear about somebody having problems
with a printer.
And their print juice is so cheap.
So cheap to get the print juice.
McDonald's doesn't exist.
Hey, should we go to the money zone?
I mean in our world money doesn't...
We're going to need some more clamshells and shiny stones
to pay for things.
Yeah, clamshells and shiny stones.
Let's go to the bartering post.
I would like you boys to imagine
a box.
And this box glows.
And you can put different pictures
in this box.
And then other people can go to these pictures
and using some kind of controller
they can access these pictures
and actually do things with them.
I've just now invented this
and I'm calling it a website.
Okay.
Now imagine you want to make your own website.
Right?
I mean I just learned that this thing existed.
Can you give me time to process this concept
before I jump into it?
No.
What I'm thinking is they're all connected to each other
like a big web.
But there are no spiders
in this scenario.
Where's the fucking web come from, genius?
You are the spider.
Oh, I hate it.
So I'm Spider-Man?
You're Spider-Man.
Oh, that's a good idea.
Somebody write that down.
Spider-Man.
We'll circle back to that.
But so all of these websites are connected.
And I know what you're thinking.
It's got to be hard to make my own.
No, no, no.
I'm going to partner.
I'm going to take pictures
and they tell you to poke them a bunch.
I think, and it's called Squarespace
because that's the shape of the store.
It's just a Squarespace.
I'm going to talk with them
about taking their pictures
and putting them in these websites.
And I think they'll be able to provide
award-winning 24-7 customer support.
There's never going to be anything
to install, patch, or upgrade.
And I don't know what that means.
But they already have award-winning templates
and they have that one platform that you stand on
that's an all-in-one platform.
And I think it's going to offer
a unique domain experience.
That's what we're going to call the name
you call your website.
It's fully transparent, easy to set up.
And so I'm going to talk with them
about making a deal that's a free trial
and 10% off your first purchase
by visiting squarespace.com.
And.com is going to be...
Yeah, what's.com?
So I'm calling the box a com box.
I'm calling the box a com box.
Oh, okay.
Because you communicate to each other with it.
So squarespace.com
slash my brother.
So once we get that up and running,
free trial, 10% off your first purchase,
squarespace.com slash my brother.
This electric web
sounds like a really efficient way
to send and receive pornography.
Exactly. You won't have to go
and buy it at the corner store anymore.
At your old mom and pop pornography store.
Where they
send them in data globes.
Now, you guys
know I love
eating rocks.
Yeah.
Any type of rock, sandstone,
slurry,
limestone, pie, all kinds
of rocks. Well, you're only sloomin'.
Yeah, well,
imagine a world where agriculture
was possible.
If the sun shone, this is silly,
we're getting into some
Twilight Zone territory, but
imagine a world in which the sun shone
most of the day.
And agriculture was possible.
Well, we don't burn off the face of the earth.
Yeah, I don't understand if the sun
doesn't make any sense.
This would be so exciting,
how exciting would it be to just eat
as many beans as I wanted to?
Just all day beans.
Instead of just one bean every 100 years.
Well, in this reality,
our skin wouldn't be translucent.
And our eyes would not be
18 inches in diameter.
How would we examine our own organs to make sure
we're healthy?
Listen, it's just a fantasy, Travis. You don't have to pick everything apart.
Okay?
So, in this world,
imagine you could just send the
vegetables and I guess there would be
creatures that would eat the vegetables
that we could kill for fuel.
And to feel alive.
And to feel alive and horny.
And we could put all those parts
and let's call them
vegetables and stuff
into a box and send it to people.
And that's what this imaginary service
that I just invented called Blue Apron.
And it would cost less than $10,
which is roughly 30 clamshells
per person, per meal.
And Blue Apron would deliver seasonal recipes.
I have no
reference for that.
Along with pre-proportioned ingredients
to make delicious, home-cooked meals.
Justin, can I ask you a quick question?
Yeah.
What is blue?
Yeah.
There's a lot.
There's actually too much lore,
so let me just kind of get through
the main thing.
And there's like a codex you can go and check out
on a Combox if you want to.
I'm just going to imagine some foods
right now.
I'm spitballing here.
I'm spitting on here.
Um...
Garvalax
with
flown flame.
No, that's nothing.
Grimbulon with
uh...
Pumsel juice.
Is there rocks in all these, though?
Because that's what confuses me now.
There's no rocks, because we wouldn't need rocks.
Basil pesto chicken. That sounds good.
That sounds like a real thing.
Vegetable panzanella.
Salted shrimp.
Salted shrimp and green beans
with globe tomatoes, spinach,
and orzo pasta.
Again, there is
going to be sort of a novella
prelude to this
story that will explain a lot of the concepts.
But you can see,
if you want to see...
I've set up an ARG for this
thing if you want to check out this fantasy story.
An actual reality game, of course.
An actual reality game.
Three meals for free with free shipping
by going to blueapron.com
slash my brother.
And you will love how good to read
about it feels and tastes
to create incredible home-cooked meals
with Blue Apron. So don't wait.
That's blueapron.com
slash my brother.
Rocks not included.
Box not included.
Blue Apron is a better way to cook.
Um, I just went
to the corner shop and I got myself
a Combox and I plugged it into
my Vision Cube
so I can receive and send messages
and I did grab just a few
pornographies from the store also.
But you have to. At those prices?
And so here's some
messages that have come through. Here's one
for Joe and it's from Emily who says
Grab a glass of your finest
whiskey. Cheers to our 17 year
friendship and the podcast
that has kept us in touch for the last six.
Podcast. Podcast.
This may not be for us. Remember in 2010
when the McElroys advised you
to give your girlfriend half
a dog? Glad it ended with a
marriage to your beautiful wife, Jenny.
Here is to making more
memories. Bim bam or otherwise.
That's terrible advice.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't remember saying that.
Which is the weird thing, but I guess 2010 was
a long time ago. We've all been through a lot
since then.
And we haven't existed for 17 years.
What are they talking about?
Now that's a weird thing to say.
Can you back that up?
No. Here's another message that I
just got in the Vision Cube. Oh, God.
Fuck. It's so hot. It burned
all my tentacles real bad on it. But that's
what happens when the messages come through. Here's one
for Bess. My totally kick
a little sister.
Although I read it at first as my totally
kick a little sister. I don't
want. No. It's from
Tori, the bestiest
big sister ever, who says
I wanted to get our favorite
brothers to send you a non-celebration
related greeting. Also, to publicly
point out that yes,
I could have blocked, but
when I have no lightsaber training
and you went to
college, maybe you
should not start with a slash to my face.
Wait, what happened?
I could have blocked, but when
I have no lightsaber training and you
went to in college,
maybe you should not start with a slash to my face.
And yes, most
still beautiful even with my roguish
cauterized wound.
Okay, so it sounds like they were
just having a fun lightsaber fight as
we all do from time to time.
Maybe things got a little
bit too real. They weren't using the training
sabers. And
this can happen. This is such a common
thing. I wish people would exercise a little bit
more caution when they're sparring.
Mugs, shirts,
stickers, patches, tanks, and
more are yours for the purchasing at
MaxFunStore.com. Hey,
you already love the podcasts, so why not
take this to the next level and
outfit your home and bod with our
merch? MaxFunStore.com.
Because if you have to wear a shirt,
it should be one of ours.
Recently, I have been
smoking pot with my dad. Totally normal.
We shared some kick-ass
times together, but I became too
greedy. I would sneak out
to enjoy a joint every couple days, but he
started to notice. Now he
smokes alone. Oh, man.
And the cat's in the cradle in the
silver spoon. That's a beautiful
song, Travis. I know, I just made it up.
Yeah, you should make up the rest of it.
Little boy blue with the man
and the moon. Now, I don't know what a moon
is. Yeah.
Or blue animal. When you coming
home, Dad, I'm Spider-Man.
I'm just trying to work him in.
Yeah, yeah, it's good.
Kind of a transmedia character. I love to
eat non-rock food.
This is getting very
dark side of the moon. There's a lot of fantasy
elements. Now, what's the
moon and why does it have a bright side and a dark
side? I don't understand.
How does Dylan
make it up to their dad?
Well, weed is
everywhere. Yeah.
You can go get weed at the corner store.
Now, I'm just sad.
This is...
I don't understand why this would hurt your
daddy's feelings. You just had a couple
little sneaky
doobers.
As a bonding activity,
that's the only way I could read it.
It's like, aw, doobers are our
thing. You can't do doobers by
yourself. Maybe, Dane,
maybe
Pops has been buying all the
doobers. Oh, no.
This is like, we'll
doober together, but I don't want you
doobering by yourself. I will doober together
because I'm a responsible
dad. Then, you got
greedy and you snuck some doobers. I was like,
now you're grounded from doobers.
Yeah. If you blaze it
once with your dad, I think
that would put a lot of this behind you.
When I doob up, the last
thing I want to do is hold any
grudges. I just want to bliss out
and listen to
Greg Matthew's band.
You just need some social
doobercant that's going to smooth
everything right over.
I mean, you could
there's so many ways to make things
up to a dad, isn't there?
Making a
sweet post on Facebook with a picture
of the two of you. What now?
Posting a sweet picture
on the front of your house
of the two of you. Just like, I love
this dad. Then, people
will come by and see it. I think he'd really appreciate
that. Maybe
get him a nice Squall Lark card
that says, number one dad,
best to doob with, 24-7,
420, blaze it. Nice.
What if he's one of those
grudge dads, though, where you buy a big
bag of pot for you to share. You're halfway
through. You're just ripping through it.
It just takes a huge
rip. He's like,
this changes nothing.
It's like, well, great.
Now, this is just perfect.
I haven't fixed anything, and all my good
pot is gone.
Hmm. Maybe
one free back rub.
Back rub coupons. Very
smart. I wish I had
more here.
I don't know what to say.
Maybe just apologize?
Apologizing's good.
That's good.
I don't know why we didn't think about that
first, because everybody always
says so directly how they're feeling.
You know what I mean?
Hey, dad. I'm sorry I snuck doobers
when doobers are supposed to be our thing.
You know, I'm
impulsive, and I'm
so sorry. Let's doober together.
What if you got a new thing
with your dad, and you started doing
huge lines of coke? No,
stop. It's no longer the thing
you do with your dad. The thing you do with your dad
is coke. Or, like, most dangerous
game. Okay,
you hunt people for sport?
That's your thing with your dad? Yeah, with your dad.
You know, just dad stuff.
Just dad
stuff! You know, you laugh,
but we already do that
with Fish.
So, you know.
To be fair, in many ways,
Fish are the least dangerous game.
Not piranhas. Hey,
you can take a couple tickets,
get a couple hot dogs
and take them to a game
of our national...
rock dogs, and then you take them to
our national pastime
Yu-Gi-Oh! tournament.
Um...
Hey, I've got a
Yahoo here. It's sent in by Seth
Carlson, the delivery man. Thank you,
Seth. It's a Yahoo Answers
user, Robby
Raffel, who says,
on IMDB,
why was Kevin James' height changed
from five foot eight to five foot
nine and a half?
He got taller.
He got taller.
He had a growth spurt.
I don't know what to tell you.
I mean, I'm confused by this because
obviously Kevin James is six foot eleven.
Yeah.
The premier rock ball player.
Let's just pretend, though,
just for a laugh, that
this is all legit.
It's kind of alternate.
Give me percentage odds
that this was
Kevin, who stepped in and said,
I can fix this.
Let me fix this. I gotta boost this.
People are fucking telling tales
out of school about my size,
and I'm the only one who can do something about this.
I'm five foot nine and one half
of one inch.
We all know
that Kevin James is the most
powerful man on our dark
planet. Yeah.
I'm pretty sure that if he wanted to,
he could just change how much
an inch is.
You know what I mean?
Now it's 1.1 inches.
You know? Or like
.8 inches. Whatever the math works out to.
I don't know. I didn't go to math school.
Then suddenly
he is taller.
Just because of how an inch works.
This is nice.
I think this would be neat if
Kevin would do this for all of us.
Because then we'd all be just a little
bit taller. That's true.
You know, if I
convince a bunch of rich people who had
presumably seen Paul Blart Mall Cop 1
to make Paul Blart Mall Cop 2,
I would probably stand a little taller myself.
And 3 and 4 and 5
and 6. And 6.
And Hitch 1 through 15.
And Paul Blart Mall Cop
Nights. And Paul Blart Mall Cop Origins.
And the animated series.
And the Blart the Furious.
And the Blart Files with his daughter.
All of them. And here comes the boom.
And there went the boom.
The sequel that I loved so much.
Has anyone seen the boom?
I got the boom. Was the new one.
Which way did the boom go?
The new boom kid. Which was about
his daughter from Paul Blart Mall Cop 2
getting into MMA. Which is weird.
The death of the boom which was
many thought the end of the series.
But then the boom comes again.
Which in many ways I thought
was even better than the original.
And boom for 2 where he cloned himself.
I thought that one was a new high point.
Guy Ritchie really outdid himself.
Here's another question.
I'm in high school and a lot of kids at my school
don't lock their lockers when they leave to go to class.
There hasn't been an issue
before but recently someone's been going through people's lockers
and stealing an item or two.
This happened to me and I decided to go to the school office
to check the lost and found.
I asked if they had seen an iPod to which as if on cue
my school principal came around the corner
very dramatically and handed it to me and said
next time lock your locker.
What?
Excuse me? What?
From the clues I could gather I think the principal
was trying to teach the kids a lesson?
How do I tell him that he's making an issue
that isn't there? Is it okay for him to do so?
Nora from Victoria.
That's wild.
That's a criminal
crime maybe?
Do principals have immunity?
Can they just steal and steal
and steal and it's like it's cool
I'm the president of school?
I don't think that's
how it works at all.
That's definitely bonkers.
Call me old but it's also
weird to me that you're keeping
things. If I just had books
in my locker I don't think I'd worry about it.
If you're keeping electronics and
personal stuff in your locker
why aren't you locking it?
You know what? I went to high school
in the early 2000s
I locked my locker then
and are you under the
impression that things have gotten better everybody?
Are we under the impression
that it's way better to leave
your locker unlocked now?
Let's stop shitting because
obviously this is some sort of
utopian society
where theft doesn't exist
and so this principal
is trying to introduce the concept
of theft to this
society. It's wild to me.
That's so
the next time. And he just steals
and he opens it and he steals.
He's like a reverse Robin Hood.
Do you think he dresses like a teen?
This would be my big question
is if he's gonna go in for this
is he gonna like put on
Justin remind yourself later
go find out what teens wear
and then edit it into your file before you send it to
Griffin. And
he's wearing
and then
he's trying to hide his identity
so the kids are like I don't know I saw
a really normal looking teenager
open the locker and run away with
your iPod and he definitely wasn't the principal.
All I know is like
how is there not one
bully who's just like
alright cool and just like
walks the halls just like
how
statistically is there not
just one kid who's like cool
you got it. There is and they call
him Mr. Jeremiah the principal
of the school
because all bullies have to grow up
and go somewhere. He did not
he did not track this question
ask her down. He did not track Nora down
and say hey got your iPod.
He is just hoarding
this stuff until they notice it's gone.
There is no way he is going
to return all these items to their proper owners.
Not going to happen. And
although it would be a pretty
amazing end of your assembly
where if he was like alright
Victoria pull back the curtain
and she opens the curtain and is like look
this is my it's the greatest crime
of the century.
You open a closet in Mr. Jeremiah's
office and just a wave of
fidget spinners comes pouring out.
Why do you leave your
iPod in your. Just sitting on a throne of
Pokemon cards.
Why do you leave your iPod in your locker I want to
know it's to listen to the good
portable entertainment device.
Do you not have backpacks?
How is your iPod the thing that's weighing you down
like oh I just can't stand to have
this six ounces in here.
I can't remember high school. You guys
I honestly just had
the thought did I have a backpack in high school
and did I carry it to classrooms or did I
put it in my locker? Where did my lunch go?
I'll never I don't remember
in high school. I do remember middle school because
I had a the Wiz. Guys remember the
Wiz? Yeah I had a leather
passenger bag because I had
so many friends.
The weirdest thing about
the fact that I had the Wiz
is that I don't anymore.
So that means there was
a period at which I was like
this backpack is a locker
and I don't need it.
I cannot imagine that happening in my day to day life.
I'm sorry I must have been confused
because you kept saying the Wiz and I
thought you meant the musical.
No I just googled what the Wiz was
and that's a good backpack
juice. It looks very spacious and
rectangular. It was a
rectangular backpack that had a
built in shelf and was basically
a portable locker that you carried
on your back.
Oh shit. Yeah I know.
It was the Wiz locker backpack
and I had one of those and I don't
anymore and that's very strange to me.
I'm looking at the Wiz on my
cube right now my com box
and this one just is
pitch black and across
one of the surfaces it just says
Batman on it.
Which is very cool.
Would love one
of these. Now I'm looking at one that
has Wiz Khalifa on it
and that's just funny.
That's pretty good.
You think this is a real grab bag situation if everybody
goes to the principal and is like
I lost my keys
to a Hyundai Sonata
and he's like alright here it is
and like tight I got a Hyundai Sonata
now. That would be
a really epic rewards program
if it's like oh you got straight A's
you can come into my theft closet
and choose any one thing.
This is how they inspire
students to sell candy
bars.
Sell the most candy bars and you can have
his shoes.
Alright. Well that's gonna
do it for us folks.
Thank you so much for enjoying our program
today. Presumably you enjoyed it.
I hope you made it this far enjoying it.
Everyone has always
loved our show. We've never done a bad one.
We've never done a bad show.
That's a great point Travis.
I hope everyone made the most of the sun time.
I
know I got out there and got a base tan
for 50 years from now when it happens
again I'm pretty excited about.
Thank you to John
Roderick and the short winners for the
use of our theme song. It's a departure off the
album Putting the Days to Sleep
and
it's a good song and I hope you enjoyed it at the beginning
and end of our program. We also
want to say thank you to minimumfun.org
for
all their
shows are bad and you shouldn't
listen to them. Now it's
kind of getting a little bizarre.
It's hard to parse that
one. Ah fuck.
I just fucking realized
because I was locked in the closet
by those awful children that
I didn't have time to charge my
calculator.
And now my calculator is
I can't do any math for 50
years. Ah fuck.
Ah beans
whatever those are.
We're going to be doing
some shows in the near
future. We
October
20th through the 22nd we're going
to be in Atlanta and Nashville
and there are still some seats for those
because they're very large venues
and we hope you'll come out and join us
for those shows and then November
18th and 19th we're going to be
in Minneapolis and Milwaukee.
Minneapolis is almost sold out.
Milwaukee is not anywhere close
so we're not very popular in Milwaukee but
please. It's because somebody
tweeted us it's because the Packers are playing a home game that day
and.
It's not my fucking fault.
Well no it's Jordan Rodgers beautiful arms fault
but
maybe we can just skip the show and go.
Maybe we can take a rain check
and just go to the big football game.
Also hey everyone.
There's a chance Aaron Rodgers
will be at our show.
You can't say that.
Well I mean there's a chance anything will happen Griffin.
But legally I think FCC is going to get us there.
He could be on a scavenger hunt
that leads to our show.
He could have accidentally skateboarded the wrong way
instead of skateboarding to the arena.
By the way
when I said Packers I was of course
referring to the Card Packers
the Yu-Gi-Oh! team.
Thank you.
Also if you are going to be
at our upcoming shows in September
be sure to send in questions
whatever any of that jargon means.
I think that's it.
Yeah.
Here's a final Yahoo!
sent in by Seth Carlson and The Deliver Man.
Thank you for the new delivery.
Yahoo! answers user CuteCuriosity
who says this was not really funny
as much as it is eye-opening.
And the website crashed.
This is weird. It's the first time the website crashed.
It's usually such a good fucking website.
If Buzz Lightyear
truly believed he was not a toy
then why does he freeze
when humans are around?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Uncle Dane.
Keep it silly, y'all.
This has been My Brother, My Brother, Me.
You kissed your dad square on the cheek.
Do you want to learn weird new facts?
Do you like hearing successful, creative women
talk about their poop?
Do you want the scoop on Martha Stewart's pony?
If you answered yes to any of these questions
our show is for you.
We interview people like Paul F. Tompkins,
Kristen Schaal, Michael Che, and more.
So check us out on Maximum Fun.
And let us mess up your brain.
We know everything.
