The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and
Me an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy buzz buzz
I'm your middlest brother Travis McElroy
Yeah, buzz buzz I'm
Griffin McElroy more like my brother my brother and be we've got a fever or beaver as I like to call it
No, we're ready. We're ready. We've got we're all honey sticky sweet over here and ready to talk about
the show we've been talking about and
I
might even say hyping up and
Extolling the virtues of maybe I don't remember doing that Griffin. I don't remember
It being overwhelmingly positive our discussions, but I but but we have gotten lots of messages
from our good friends who have relied on us for
12 years now for
culture
recommendations are
Spiritual guidance spiritual guidance just like last life style tips. It's live
It's live MVB these boys at NB NBA M more letters
wouldn't tell us all about this show if it wasn't gonna be a
knockout and I
Can we stop I?
Don't like it man. You're talking about man versus be right now. Yeah
I'm gonna rely pretty heavily on you two to talk about it because I haven't watched it
You didn't watch it. Nah, it just doesn't seem interesting to me. It are you fuck?
Well, you know, I watched the trailer and like I went I went and I saw it on Netflix
I was like, yeah, it doesn't seem like my thing. How dare you you're kidding, right? No, I haven't watched it. Okay, so we'll just sit here
for 25 minutes while you
35 minutes. Well, I figured you guys could just like walk me through it
I was just busy like spending time with my family and taking care of things around the house
Hey, you're busy as a bee. Oh, yeah, I would say that is that connect? Is there a bee in the show?
Can this can this I just there's a lot of other things on most hostile energy
I feel like you've ever brought to an episode. I hate it. It's really that's saying a lot
It is hate saying a fucking lot trap. Yeah, I know. So why don't you guys kind of walk me through the first episode?
Well, I guess the last is this the last episode we talked about me
Can we can we establish that before we begin so I can prepare myself spiritual
I need to know how much to leave out on the court if this is the last time we ever discuss
This program then I'm I'm you're gonna get beast mode Griffin, which you have not gotten in a long time
I would love that if we have more in the tank more in the future
I will set something aside for that. I will say one problem here and Travis that didn't watch it, which I hate
Uh-huh. I didn't I think he did he's being I didn't I really did I did watch it the first episode
Are you that's that's it. I
Watched one you watched one of this incredibly short television show. How long are the episodes?
You're like 18. There's like it's like seven minutes. There's skits and sketches
First one is like fucking quibbles Justin. You couldn't watch one Quibi. Yeah, Justin. Come on
The problem is I watched them also
Pretty high. Yeah, I will say the one I watched I was pretty high
Did you love it just to evidence that real quick? I'm gonna play the video
I sent you guys so people can kind of hear where my head was at. Sure
part the part with the
The hairdryer that was good. The hairdryer part was good
That's sort of where I was for the
For this episode of television, uh-huh
You'd set thumbs up on this
The hairdryer part Justin's referencing is he knocked the head off a statue chasing B
B and knock a head off a statue and tries to glue it on actually make a point. That wasn't B
That was man. The statue
Statue was he was on the phone. Yeah, and he just wasn't paying attention and he was knocked it over
Yeah, the B was not in involved at that about and I just say guys as someone who didn't watch it
Which I hope is the majority of our audience right now. You haven't mentioned anything that wasn't also in the trailer
Yeah
Yeah, I will say this
good trailer in terms of
representative cross-section of the experience that you're gonna be in for which is to say flimsy man make a
Accident then the trailer did a great great job of selling that
Hey Griffin, go be someone and tell me all about the first episode of man VB. I
Watched more than one episode. Oh, then tell me as much as you want to tell me
It have you ever watched the television program or films? Mr. Bean? Yes
I have okay, it's it's that and you know how mr. Bean is is
flimsy man make an accident over and over and over again and talk talk a little oh
This time he talks kind of normal still of a very sort of like obsequious
little wretch
Whose family fucking hates him? Yeah, and everyone hates him. He's a he's a house sitter
He shows up to this house and the owners of the house are like open the door. We hate you. We hate you. We don't know you
You're not a normal guy. Whose name is Trevor, I think or no his name is trap unless there's a second Trevor
We are we are meant to revile these rich out of touch
douchebags because their house is so nice and their car is so nice and
They're but here's but the market has placed a value on the work that they do clearly
That has allowed them to accomplish this lifestyle
everything they say
About the flimsy bean man is a hundred percent, right? Yeah
You're gonna fucking kill our dog. It's gonna shit all over the house. It's gonna destroy our our Gutenberg Bible
It's gonna fucking wreck our Jaguar
It's gonna destroy our lives that we've worked so hard in the market has allowed us the beautiful free market has allowed
To achieve and you're gonna destroy that and we the viewers are supposed to be like
Fuck him up bean. I'm about to like
No, he's a bad. He's a bad man. And he makes so many accidents and
He sucks and the show sucks and I had a shitty time watching now
The problem with it is that he bean is a narcissist bean is a bad person who only care now
Are you talking about Rowan bean or Trevor? I'm talking about bean
Trevor is
Painted as like a nice guy. So these terrible things happen to him. Wait, hold on jump back in your mind
Mr. Bean is a narcissist clearly hundred percent. Whoa. Terrible person. Yeah. Whoa. He's a really bad person
Watch the Christmas episode. I mean you you have his girlfriend comes over
He gives her a picture of two other people
He as soon as she gives him his gift he immediately takes it and starts opening it
Like he only cares about himself the test episode. Okay, he's copping off the other person. He's you know, he's
Even the my flexible friend Sam making a sandwich on a park bench. He is clearly making that other gentleman deeply in every episode
Mr. Bean makes a different gentleman deeply uncomfortable
He doesn't give a shit sucks Trevor is is supposed that we're supposed to be on his side
But the problem is when calamity occurs and my friends it does mostly be be related
It makes you
It makes you not feel good
Like I feel this is sad old
This how okay the first episode of this show is so what we joke in
but the Paul Blart
Podcast till death was part about Chekhov's gun show where he literally like goes to a gun show and he's like
Here's all the different guns
That you will you will be using later in this movie. This movie is maybe more
ostentatious than that with it's like what up where they go step by step to this house and it's like
Here's this thing. Here's this other thing. You won't remember. Here's how the locks work
Here's this special book that's worth a million dollars. Here's this special painting that's worth a million dollars
Don't stand on that trapdoor the dog
Yeah, exactly like the dog only eats this special beef or whatever and it's like so this is just you're just I can't remember
All this stuff. I know being camp, but then they're like, it's all in the manual. It's all in the house manual
It's all in the manual. It's all in the manual fucking five minutes in you know, this guy has the manual on the stove
I just like lighting it on fire and we've all been there
It's not on purpose, but it might as well be for how easily it could have been avoided and I will say this
There's a lot of nude being in this film. Oh my god, we keep saying film. This is a 10 episode
maxi series
But I assume it's like a serial where you could watch all of them together. They could put it into a
film eventually if they wanted to show it at Sundance
Absolutely, they could show this at Sundance for sure
Bit in in this show go off where he he tears it
So there's a soundproof room
White dog gets in there and starts tearing up a book
He hits a window with a hammer to smash in through the window to keep the book from being more destroyed
The hammer bounces off the window flies into a painting that's like modern art
You know to me like color blocks that kind of thing. Yeah rips a big chunk out of the painting. Okay. Yeah
so
He they're gonna be gone for a week. He's been there for like 10 minutes, right and this happened
He the man cuts a section of the couch
The bottom of the couch where there's like fabric. Yeah cuts it out
Then the color block that was torn is just like a big red square
So cuts it out paints it red with ketchup
Yeah, huh and
then
duct tapes it on to the back of the paint like
That's why being you had time to go to the paint you could go to a paint store
You could take it to an art restorer and they would actually
Somebody to more importantly in the 1997 film beam
Uh-huh destroys a very famous painting the Mona Lisa. Yes. It's not the Mona Lisa. It is the Mona Lisa
I don't think it's the Mona Lisa. I'm pretty sure it is because I think he erases the face
He does erase the face, but I'm pretty sure it's not the Mona Lisa the screen. It's Whistler's mother. Oh
Yes, he restores it using like toothpaste in a clever
Clever series and then he gets a poster and like lacquers over it to make it look like so we've done this
Accident before with you. We've done this
Job being did a better job
Job, and can I also just say pretty challenging stuff? I mean, it's pretty the victim here
offended as
Like fuck and then it was and then I remember what he said about that. That's a good thing. Yeah
That's what it's supposed to be difference here is you don't have Peter McNichol being
Holding it down. Look looking like bean. I'm flipping out right now his reactions to bean flipping
That's the issue with man versus be they don't give nobody Rowan Atkinson to work with except a CGI be Peter McNichol is over here
like
I love fucking Peter McNichol. I don't know his performances. I love his performances
Wild to think to use the thing of like oh in that comedy film Peter McNichol plays
The straight man is a wild like that's how that's how silly we're all straight men. That's right
Well, hey, mr. Bean doesn't believe in homosexuality
Challenging man, you're right Justin. He's challenging but it's true. I will say this he was right about one thing
This show is a weapon and Netflix is holding it in its hand and it's sitting in the now trending charts
Fucking cocked and loaded and if you see you honey, we finished stranger things. What next? Well next in the
Hot section is a show called man versus be that might be a good way to kind of decompress a little bit
We're all really stressed out about hopper over here
And then you watch man versus be and you've been killed by the this psychic weapon
I feel like it seems like Netflix was like hey you guys like stranger things, right?
Yeah, you'd like the final two episodes of the season. Well first you're gonna have to watch
Fucking vegetables. It's like up. It's like
What was um, what was the Mullen use thing?
goddess
Yeah, the what's in the box where you everyone had to tap curiosity
Everyone had to tap this box a bajillion times and never tapped at the bajillionth time. We get an incredible that's
Like everyone has so if you want the rest of stranger things
Everyone has to watch the rest of man versus be a million times. I don't want to talk about this anymore
I mean, I don't want to talk about man versus be ever again confront you with the reality
No, here's it. Here's what sucks shit though is we are gonna have to talk about it again cuz Travis has to watch it
Oh Travis, I will never us. Yeah, our audience will never forgive you for this
I'm saying I was busy. I had things to do I cut my finger with a head trimmer
I just didn't have you do that
Did you do that like a fucking Vietnam War deferment so that you did not have to watch?
I just finished reading a prayer for own meaning and I was like, you know what? I know how to get out of great idea
Yeah, okay. I would can I say this I would gladly shear my finger off to not watch another I didn't shear it off
Let's be clear. She had into it. All right, that's man versus be that's our segment
I would love to hear your thoughts about it in the comments. I'm gonna go ahead and say this
I will continue to talk about it in every episode until Travis's watches
Entirely, hey Justin. Hey Justin, which one of us has more of a stomach for a long unfunny bit
But one of us craves the love and adoration of the the the listeners most I
Think you'll be the villain. You're the you are the villain Travis. Okay, you are a villain
So am I the man or the bee in this scenario? You're the man who is the villain? Oh boy is good
So just there's a scene in the second episode
There's a scene in the second episode where he devises a trap where he puts some bread with peanut butter on it in a microwave
Beast floats in there gets stuck in the peanut butter and he shuts the microwave and is ready to turn it on and cook it
And he doesn't what's your fucking how is that not the end of the show? How is that? Not the end of the show?
Does he chicken out?
He doesn't want to kill the bee and it's like why would I continue to watch this show?
If you don't even have the strengths of your conviction, I can't believe but also the bee stuck on the bear
Just put it outside. He does and the bee flies back into that. Well, okay, okay
This is an advice show as you've certainly guessed by this this this moment
So, thank you for joining us yet again for this for this program or maybe you didn't it's quite possible you're not here
Yeah, well think about it. My wife's friend was hosting a can I stand?
my wife's man
My wife's friend was hosting a Canadian Thanksgiving party. It was gay, which is usually like October
This is no one knows there. No, I'm sorry. I'm telling you. I once had it's a 44th Thursday of every year
Mm-hmm. I once had Canadian Thanksgiving in Honduras because there are some Canadians there was great. Guess what they eat
Turkey. Oh, it was getting a bit late and I wanted to get our six-month-old son down for bed
Been there. Everyone wanted to get some photos with the kiddo before we took off
He started to get a little agitated at the commotion. So I tried to bounce him a bit and kissed his fuzzy little head
He was having none of it
So we got as many pics as we could I shuffled him off home as I was putting him in his crib
I came to the realization that instead of gently kissing my sweet baby boy on the head
I may have kissed my Canadian bro-y friend's neck as
He was standing next to us in the photo
I
Haven't spoken to him much since then but I'm haunted by the idea of my softly kiss the peach fuzz on my buddy's neck and not
Immediately recognize this is not my baby
Do I ask him if he felt anything strange during the photos or do I continue to act like nothing?
Happened and this is a guess la la lips la lips
It's hard to say if every question that was sent to us
That was sort of a toss-up like this
Included
photographic evidence
Then this show would be so much easier to to yeah, but then anyone would do a Griffin if it was easy
Anyone would do it. I'm just saying look at the look at this photograph. I'm kissing my buddy Derek's neck
I thought it was a baby's head. How do you confuse a baby's head with a grown adult looks like baby's head
I guess so because maybe Derek moisturizes a lot and he had six months of beard growth and it was equal to
Six months of baby hair growth. Let let's just would it be safe to assume because if you didn't kiss Derek's neck
Then we don't need to proceed any further, right? So if we're assuming you can't we must assume
So let me say this Derek in the moment also didn't say anything
Sure, right. So maybe maybe there's not as pro as you think maybe it was just a nice note between friends. It was intimate
You know, it's just like oh, this is not you know, what we never show each other affection like this. This is very nice
Thank you. I love it. I love it. Let's bring back platonic intimacy, please
Yes, thank you. Thank you. I mean sorry not for me. Thanks. Oh, yeah doesn't care for any intimacy
What's over? Oh, that's not true. I'm a real sex monster
But I don't want it I but what but that's in a very specific place, which is to say my my Christian bed
uh-huh outside of that I'm
No, none for me. Thanks. So you guys you guys kissing each other's necks. I'm I'm fine over here, but keep it up
You look happy. I'm happy. So if Justin or I if we had like a really great live show
Yeah came backstage and everyone was like a great live show and Justin and I wanted to share a round of like brother kisses
On the neck. Yeah, you would abstain. I wouldn't be there
There would be good you well when I I would know the vibe
Was leading in the direction of platonic intimacy and I would probably just like squirrel myself
So wait as we walked to the dressing room holding hands like we always do at the end of live shows you would break off
No, I told you that's not that's that's just brother stuff. Okay, and this is not like it's not like a homophobic thing
It's just a I'm good on platonic intimacy over here. Yeah, if some of any gender
Of any sort of gender spectrum, you're not loving the platonic intimacy. I'm just not really ba-da-ba-ba-ba. No, thanks
Yep, yeah, you know what now that you said it and I think yeah, that's yeah, that's Griffin
That sounds about right. It's a topic that that I feel like we've glanced off of before but I do feel like merits exploration
is that oh
Justin we're recording video for the first time and I can see Justin tinting his fingers. It's very
Solve this the Frasier
Also got video look at these little Frasier pop. I got a Frasier pop
Okay, okay, and then I got a Martin and Eddie pop still
Niles is the chase
There is a these things
Uh-huh. They go they go rotten when you leave them in the fridge of
Of not
Confronting them they go they go rotten and then this this this topic
Has it has gone it has gone fallow now. It is it you can't do this anymore
You can't return to it. You bring things to us. You have to start getting the habit of
of anticipating these situations and emailing us before you are I'm going to a Thanksgiving a
Canadian Thanksgiving party and I feel there might be a chance. I might get my
Friend on the neck. My friend has a patch of hair on his neck
That and there's also a sort of weird
Soft bone plate in there. Anyway, it really looks like a baby's head. Yeah, and I want to kiss it
I just can't help myself. I think here's like this is
There's a good chance that you could ask your bro friend. Like did I kiss you on the neck while we're taking photos?
I was so tired. I've got six months old. You can't now this is what I'm saying. Oh, yeah
No
It's long past you have to do it the instant it happens because it's going to seed
Like it from the moment you don't discuss it. It is like one of those time-lapse videos of a Fox decomposing
Like yeah, you have to address it in that exact moment. Don't hold back. You'll figure it out
Once again, not because if you had accidentally to kiss them on the neck, they'll be the weirdest thing
But I would say anything like this the longer it goes
The weirder it is to then ask about later right because it's like what he indicates is I have been thinking about this
Right on stop tragedy plus time equals comedy. Yeah tragedy plus comedy equals time
Yes awkwardness plus time
equals
Weirder like it just I I actually think comedy plus time does equal tragedy where it's like you make a joke or something funny happens
And it would be funny in that moment
Yeah, but then it's sad too long. Yeah, I was like, you know is a joke. Was that funny? Was it weird?
It's like oh, no, we've thought about the funny thing too long and now it's horrifying
like when I see mr. Bean in 1995 gives clothes torn off and he's got his naked bean dick and he's just running around a
Swimming pool and I'm watching that like busting up
But then a full-grown bean almost 30 30 years later does it cuz a bee chased him out of his house and that's
Tragedy now because time has made it tragedy. Is he allergic to bees in this show? It's not addressed
In the early episodes that Griffin has enjoyed Travis will have to report back to us
Hey, I have something for us today and it's a special something
I was looking through wiki house and I stumbled on an email that Ethan sent us. Thank you, Ethan. Thank you, Ethan and it's
It's a it's it's from a website called
Holidapi, which I believe is a mixture of the word portmanteau of the words holiday and happy
And holidapi this article has a lot of helpful tips for us
Can I just say that's a that's a portmanteau? That's terrible. That's not how you have to say that in doing portmanteau is itself
Think about that
So holidapi has composed here a list of happy Independence Day messages and wishes that we can send each other and our loved ones
to
Celebrate the good times great oldies and this incredible country
This kick-ass country that we live in and how we can send messages to each other on on Independence Day to really
Acknowledge that a Griffin might have proposed a game
Sure. Sure. What if you read the message, right?
Okay, and then we counted to three and all three of us said who in our life we think would send that message to us
Oh, no, no this game won't work and I'll tell you why they're all noni. Can I begin? Ah, damn it. Okay, go on
Short greetings for text messages. So just like and this doesn't it's not just for us this this episode
I don't know if we're putting this out on our usual day if we do it is
July 4th right now when you're listening to this
So go ahead and snap off a few of these and just like shoot them over to your buds and see
What you get back from let's salute the nation
That's a test. That's one. That's the first one and that sounds like weirdly like making plans for something
Doesn't it? Like that's not just like hey happy for that's like let's do so. Hey, what are you doing right now?
Let's go salute the nation when you salute the nation
Do you just do you look do you look at the down at the ground or do you just try to shoot?
You lay down you lay down face down with your hand between your forehead and the dirt. That's good. That's good
That's good. So the second one escalates a little bit in that it says I
Pledged that the labor of our past heroes shall not be in vain Wow
Wow
Wow, hey, hey, hey Wow
Also, not necessarily what the 4th of July is about. Yeah, I think you're thinking more Memorial Day
That's more of a Memorial Day. Can you can you bring hot dog buns to the cookout?
Thank you. I pledged that the labor of our past heroes shall not be in vain is the kid
I asked a pretty simple question about the hot dog buns
That's also a thing you could say after watching a lot of Marvel movies, too. Uh-huh. Yeah
Uh-huh. You could also say something like I feel proud to be part of a prosperous nation
Well, well
Followed up by Happy Independence Day. Yeah didn't start there though, huh?
Nothing nothing is as good as living in an independent and self-sustaining nation
Well, what are you talking about?
Doesn't mean anything you mean our self-sustaining nation that worries about our wheat supply oil supply
Nation that when boats can get her from China start choking on its own puke
That doesn't have enough doesn't have microchips to make things we're doing it
Computers that we have trucks sitting in factories that don't have chips in them
Our one gubernatorial douchebag just strangles the entire avocado pipeline
What is what a beautiful self-sustaining?
Self-sustaining we don't need anybody else. Nah, baby. We got it. Hey best wishes and Happy Independence Day
Here's wishing you have a Happy Independence Day. Happy birthday to our dear country
Let's remember all the past heroes who fought for our freedom
Okay. Okay. I love our past heroes. Let me say yeah, we're a hero and in the past wild about it
Yeah, yeah, I feel like they do have a day. That's their day
You know, I mean the ones that are past heroes and current heroes
Days like they both we were being honest
These messages would be like and let's salute the idea of signing a piece of paper because really that's I mean come on
There's always got to be somebody though. If you try to say what 4th of July is
There's always somebody who's like no, it's not actually that it's like the sign of that crucial independence
and then there's always gotta be some some Joker who's like actually is the day that the
the
Continental Congress announced that the different papers have been signed you you bring up such a great point doesn't why is the Joker so pedantic about
History. Yeah, I've never understood that thing. I'm like, ah, yes Batman. I will get you also not everybody signed the
Declaration on the fourth actually a lot of people signed it
It was red. That's the worst. Hey Trav. That's the worst Joker impression. I ever heard. Thank you
I'm trying to it's a new take for the Joker that I'm trying where he's both the clown prince of crime, but also
the clown prince of factual accuracy
Yeah
If somebody does come at you with that very pedantic correction just hit him back with a may God continue to uplift this country's glory
Is that what he's been doing? I miss that. Oh
Man, where have I been looking?
Hit him with a very straightforward
Right forward right over the plate today is a very special day for the nation and its people
Well, yeah, I would then I would just send that every day for a while because it's probably true whether good or bad
There's probably something happening on that date. That feels pretty major
Yeah, here's wishing you and your family the best the nation has to offer as we celebrate our country's independence
So like some five guys is sure is that what you mean?
It's just some five guys in a national park go eat some five guys in a national park
That's assuming it's open because they could get staffing for it. They could that could be an issue
Those are texts but you all know
me
I don't like I don't like to text. Yeah feels very like so cold cold and impersonal. I like a car robotic
these are some
slightly more
Thoughtful longer messages that you could write in a car. I love getting cards from Griffin. Yeah, like I'll get a card over a few days
It's like hey, I'm hopping on fortnight. Let's go or like yeah. Hey, you're late for this. The postcard. It's like hey
What size t-shirt do you wear? Do you know? Yeah, or like can we reschedule today's recording because I have diarrhea again. Yeah. Yeah
Do you guys remember that greeting card? I got you both and it had like a cute
Cartoon firework on the front of it. And then when you open it up inside the card, it already had written
Baby, you're a firework. Happy 4th of July. Yeah, I remember that. Yeah, and then underneath underneath that I wrote myself
I added the future progress and development of our great country do not depend solely on technological advancements
But how we build social cohesion and trust between our nation and its people let's continue building a great nation
We can all rely on and be proud of happy 4th of July. I'm Griffin McElroy, and I approve this message
What yeah
And then there was the one with the cartoon grill on it and it says you're a you're a barbecued e
Happy 4th of July. Yeah, and underneath that
I wrote every citizen should have a sense of belonging wherever they find themselves
May all our politicians rise to the great task of building trust between the people in the nation so we can have peace and stability
In our country. Here's wishing everyone a happy Freedom Day celebration. I do remember that
I did think it was weird that it was written in cutout letters for magazines
But other than that, it was really now I liked the sentiment. Do we call it Freedom Day?
I do not believe so. Futurama does. Is this person confusing real life with Futurama?
Perhaps they're conflating real life with Futurama. That does happen. Yeah, those are just some normal things to write inside of a greeting card
and
This is a this is my favorite one as we mark our insert number
Independence Day today try to think of something that you have done to better the welfare of the people if nothing comes to mind
Then try to think of what you might be able to do in the future
Happy Independence Day
Just a little home for you. That sounds like a card
That sounds like a card a funeral home would send you to thank you for your business. Yeah
Yeah, you got on their mailing list and it's like what there's a tiny calendar that you have no use for whatsoever and a card
Asking you what you've done for the nation. Hey, I'm gonna play this is a quick math challenge
I'm gonna count to three and then you guys say how many years we like since
1776 worth of joy. You ready? One, two, three go
Three hundred and fifty four hundred forty some Wow. Yeah, it's it's three hundred and fifty four. I think
354 and 54
Griffin
354
17 to 21
30 I said 240 I felt pretty good about that. 240 is pretty close
240 is pretty close. I believe it's 246
You didn't give me you didn't give me a lot of time, but you went with 300. You couldn't do simple
300 Griffin already puts it at 2076. It's your common core, bud
300 is obviously a bad start
That's obviously the wrong start
A two is a front and then any number afterwards would have been excusable. Yeah, okay
Yeah 17
was was the start of it right and
20 is where ours starts now
17 plus 20 300 I can see how you would get there. It's not it's not that 17 plus 20 is 300
I think we all can all at least agree with that
Do you guys remember the greeting card I sent you that had the cartoon American flag on the front of it?
And it said looking good in Stars and Stripes, baby. Happy Independence Day, and then underneath that I wrote each time
I remember those who laid down their lives for this day of freedom. We are celebrating tears rolled down my cheeks
I wish they were alive today to see how the country is progressing toward greatness
I'm actually not getting any of your cards because every time you turn around my house number it just says 777 333 blue
It's like no grip. That's a holy holy incomplete understanding of arithmetic
Listen, I know we've talked about it before on the show
But if someone could snap their fingers and the founding fathers will be alive today
They would not care about where our country's that they'd be terrified at everything out TVs cars
Okay, maybe
Is it our old gags to try to use them for new for new purposes?
I would take a blink in and go see that new Jurassic World movie and he'd be like
The whole time like like hiding under the chair fucking idiot
Wouldn't you love to actually like if you got people from a certain time period I don't know when this would be like say Shakespeare
times yeah, okay what and you brought him into the future and everybody's like, you know, I would take him to
Steak and shake or whatever like I don't have it, you know
Or whatever. I would I was shown TV
The best thing to do is somebody from that time period would be or guess any biblical times
Whatever would be to tell them about dinosaurs. Yeah, and then instantly tell them they don't exist anymore
Yeah, like hey, guess what dinosaurs like oh shit, you let them go on for like a half hour
You're showing them all the sick-ass like videos and photos that we have of dinosaurs
From the media and then at just at the right moment. You're like, but they don't exist. Yeah. Sorry, but sorry
And then send them right back and then they're right back there at the desk
But go go start digging for bones. You never know. Yeah. Hey, can we go digging for some bones in the money bone? Oh
Money I think you've been funny bone
Monkey bone, that's what it was. Let's go
Hey, let's take a quick two hours to go watch monkey bone. It's
93 minutes. No, yeah, but you need 30 minutes
Benefits it's hard for me to think of one that is
Good for everybody in the same way that imperfect foods is imperfect foods lets you reduce food waste
Save time on grocery shopping good for the environment eat more fresh and delicious food. Good for you
It's all within perfect foods
It's a grocery delivery service where they offer this big line of sustainable
Groceries that just have a little bit of imperfections like you friend like me. Wait, what me?
You
Not you Travis, thank you
Justin he is on he is on
He is on the precipice and we have to keep protecting him as long as we possibly can
They don't just have produce though. They got pantry staples. Try the croissant toast. You'll love I don't eat staples
And they have yummy snacks
fantastic some garlic cashews out of this world imperfect delivers weekly by
Neighborhood a unique model that produces twenty five to seventy five percent fewer emissions than individual trips to the grocery store
I love this service and I think you will too right now
Imperfect foods is offering our listeners twenty percent off your first four orders when you go to imperfect foods.com and use promo code my brother
Again twenty percent off your first four orders. That's up to an eighty dollar value
At imperfect foods calm offer code when you use the promo code my brother join the movement at imperfect foods calm and use code
my brother
Honey, yeah, I
Love you
But let me talk about a service call honey
Because today's episode is sponsored by PayPal honey the easy way to save when shopping on your iPhone or computer
Listen, listen ask anybody they know they know I love
Online shopping. It's how I find all my little tchotchkes
All my little doodads, you know what? I like I like those little garden gnomes, but they're
Fans of a sports team, you know those get all those wonderful toys. I get them online Griffin
I'm telling you right now, but the garden gnomes that look like they're like, I love the bingles
Yeah, right those garden gnomes and they're what if Batman did get all of his doodads and gadgets just from wish.com
And they were not they were not very good
Well, you'd save a lot of money right especially if you used honey. Yeah, sure. Sure. Yeah
Yeah, because honey is the free shopping tool that scours the internet for promo codes and applies the best ones
It finds your cart like say you were buying like batarangs in bulk, right?
Cuz once you throw them, they're pretty much gone. I like you never see Batman going around and picking them back up
They'll never fly the same again after they ding off of a wall
You know, that's also true or once they like sever someone's artery, you know what I mean?
They get a little rusty after that, right? So you want to buy what I don't think that's what he does
Well, listen, he doesn't purposefully murder anyone, but he's not doing triage. You know, he's much like bean in that way
Yes, thank you
so you're shopping on one of your favorite sites batarangs calm and
when you check out the honey button appears and you click apply coupons and it finds all the battering coupons and
Then you wait a few seconds and honey searches finds coupons for that site
And then if it finds a working coupon, you'll watch the prices drop
Listen Batman didn't get to be rich by paying full price for batarangs. If there's one thing I know about Batman
Yeah, he didn't get rich by paying full price for batarangs. Just a huge kind of say
Huge shout out if you go to batarangs
Did you go yeah
Calm, you know what there are what a bunch of batarangs you can
Hell yes, it's just a place you go and it's it's a different website, but they didn't pay to be mentioned
So whatever you just go to batarangs.com you can buy
This ad within an ad which I'm sure honey loves. Yes adores
I'm just glad thank you batarangs.com for keeping my brother from having to spend money to secure a URL that we mentioned
Yeah, that is a huge relief actually
listen
Listen when we buy school clothes for BB when we buy, you know
a
Buy any clothes for the kid right because the kids they're always getting bigger, right?
It's great to use honey to save that money because kids grow out of these things so fast and it always feels bad paying money
For them cuz you know pretty soon they won't fit anymore. And it's so good to save
So thank you, honey, and honey doesn't just work on desktops. It works on your iPhone, too
How well you just activated on Safari on your phone and save on the go
So if you don't already have honey, you can read a good see
Okay
Okay, how do I get a bad rap how is that
Safari's a good
No, keep going
That's one line isn't a rap Justin no, I was gonna try to rap bad but I'm physically incapable of doing it
Cuz you're so good at rapping. You can't every every every bars a kilo over here. Yeah
It is no joke. Okay, so if you don't already have money
You could be straight-up missing out and by getting it you'll be doing yourself a solid and supporting this show
I'd never recommend something I don't use so get honey for free at join honey comm slash brother
But join honey comm slash brother that both of these are actually really good
Yeah, which I should start saying at the end of all of them, but like yeah, no cap
They're not shit. No cap. Okay
Um, hi, I'm looking for a movie. Oh, I got you. Oh, there's that new foreign film with the time travel
There's an amazing documentary about queer history on streaming
Have I told you about this classic where giant robots fight or there's that one that most critics hated?
But I thought was actually pretty good. Oh, I know the one with the huge car chase and then there's that scene where the car jumps
Over the submarine Wow, who are you eclectic movie experts? Well, I'm if you why do I I'm Draya Clark and I'm Alonso Doraldi
And together we host the movie podcast maximum film new episodes every week on maximum fun dot org
And you actually just walked into our recording booth. Oh weird. Sorry. I thought this was a video store
You seem like a lady with a lot of problems. I'm
A psychic. My name is psychic Carrie. I'm Ross. Oh, what a pleasure to meet you
Of course, I knew your name was Ross as I am a psychic, but please take a seat
Well, I was hoping we could talk about my podcast. Yes. I know it's called Oh No Ross and Carrie
Yes, we investigate French science
spirituality and claims of the
Normal, you took the words right out of my mouth. Yes this whole podcast
It sounds like it's been a real challenge for you lately. Actually, it's a lot of fun. Yes, exactly because it's so fun
I don't know how you this will be $75. Okay, that seems fair. Oh, no, Ross and Carrie at maximum fun
Oh, you knew it was a dot org. I have a gift. I
Just want to talk about like some personal justice or something you want to say
Nope
Okay, let's do another question. Okay, perfect. I
Wanted to give you something in a row. I felt like there was a munchkrat coming
Mmm-hmm. Guess I'm getting a little less predictable in my old age. Okay, I
Paint apartments for a living while walking. I bet that's a very satisfying job
Oh, especially if you're doing it like by yourself just put headphones on
Especially if it's a nice clean job. No cutting in you just oh
Oh, yeah, I paint apartments for a living. I bet it sucks when they don't move the furniture first
They're like, yeah, you'll move it right and you're like no that I just pay. Oh my god
Move your shit for a living. I
What if they have a cat you paint the cat into the paint the cat into the wall sucks
I've painted I love that book about how to write a movie called paint the cat
But it's like that's how you establish like a bean character right away
All right, if you want to establish this as a bean ask character
Which we're all going apartments for only got to have them paint the cat apartments for a living
While walking through the hallway to the apartment I was assigned
I overheard the building is having an ice cream social later for the tenants
Yes, you're gonna is having a heat wave. So the building has no the building has no AC. I love free food
Is there an acceptable?
Way for me to get some of this ice cream out of context the entire building is specifically for people 55 years and older
So I'll be at least three decades younger younger than the rest of the people there
And also I'm covered in paint and that's from melting in the Midwest. Okay, let me start with this
so much to add here what kind of
Cut-rate slumlord is like the old people are melting
We need a see and then this slum or turns around his throne is like let them eat ice cream
And then slams the door in their face. Yes. This is a bad building. They're spending money on
repainting
Before they preserve the temperature control for these poor old people. That's that's fucked up
And let me say this these that I'm and I'm not gonna I'm gonna try my hardest
I I don't want to propagate any sort of ages stereotypes
But I will say that this 55 plus year old ice cream socials probably be rocking some pretty gnarly fucking
Butterscotch briars and not the good shit not that fucking caramel core fucking Ben and Jerry's they are going to have some
straight up
Fucking right out the tub right out big old big old tub. That's a duty fruity out of the tub
I've never rolled up to an ice cream social where I didn't see that like boom boom big like five gallon
Bucket of just like signature select really pale chocolate versus every like just a tan chocolate or perhaps worse the
Tiny fluted cups with the paper lid you have to peel off like it's a penny
It's not it's not an arty and they have those like really cheap-ass waffle cones or they're not the way
They're just like little hollow
Dried out decayed husk of an actual ice cream cone. Oh bad news guys. I'm hungry for ice cream. Yeah
Yeah, yeah
For ice cream, I got the kids some of those they're like the drumsticks, right?
But they're like miniature and I know this is the perfect size. I can eat them in one fucking bite
I'm a giant and I love ice cream. Yeah, I'm a giant and I love ice cream would be a good ringtone if anybody's still
Okay, listen, all you gotta do is pick one
Person and stick at this ice cream so she'll just kept saying like yeah
Hey Gramps, just grab some ice cream before I finish painting your apartment. Boom. You're in there right now. Now you're someone's great
Hey, let's follow through they say
I'm not that far gone
Yeah, I'm a Medal of Honor winner
Get out of my building you play wait fuck dude. You call you play Call of Duty
No, you fool. I was one of the heroes that proudly defended this nation so that you can continue to prosper and self-sufficiency
I do that too and Call of Duty. Let's land my dude you who makes the power for your Call of Duty
Nintendo games who makes you the screens the bezels that you use to get the different pixels running around America
That's who the work of sufficient land of ours, but I'm a worker. I'm a painter
But not like not one of those artsy painters. Don't get it twisted. Okay, I was yeah. Have you thrown out for a
Homosexual now, I'm a real I'm a real like working painter. Can I have some ice cream, please?
This is I could perhaps bear a
Nubbin of pistachio. Oh, thank you
This sucks, don't I deserve the ice cream for my work? No says the man in Washington
You can't be my guy. That's no I was being sorry. I was being Andrew Ryan
I've wanted us to get in the more characters. Okay, I want this to be my brother my brother me
Okay, well, thank you. Sure
But I was being Andrew Ryan were you also being Andrew Ryan I was old
Alternate universe Andrew Ryan where I never stopped being Batman
I I hate to be this guy because I try to like
Stand on some pretty anti-capitalist like group footing most of the time
But I will say this is one of those scenarios where you can get yourself a tub of shitty briars
sure, but for about 250 at Sam's Club and then you don't have and then you don't and then you don't have to be
In this situation, but it doesn't but he's working
Bring it to work with what Griffin ice cream to work with you two things Griffin. Yeah, two things one
It doesn't matter the price
Free ice cream is better than paid for ice cream. Yeah, just like don't but to Griffin what you are fucking forgetting, dude
Is this an ice cream social? There's at least gonna be Jimmy's there's at least gonna be chocolate sauce at least
In this building that doesn't provide
In this building in this building that doesn't provide
cool air
They're gonna have Jimmy's like sustaining cool air. That's enough of a problem. Yes
I agree that is an issue Griffin
But if you put social on the flyer and then there are no toppings at the very least Jimmy's
Take them to court. I don't care about the air conditioning thing. You said ice cream social
That means toppings. I mean at least Jimmy's and maybe
At least Jimmy's
I'm not over here asking for hazelnuts and magic shell, you know what I mean?
It doesn't have to be some crushed up oreos. I'm not a nice and Irma's in the in the hot the hot
Topping bathtub. Yeah, there's not gonna be cheesecake cubes or like cookie dough. I get that I get that
But some ready whip some ready whip. Yeah
Jar of maraschino cherries, what's that like three bucks?
Now those come on though. You don't want to clean up after that
Well, you're gonna put down a cloth on the table in the rec room
Well, anytime you're getting a lot of old people together. You want to put down some newspapers Justin Patrick McElroy. That is not his middle name
It's not my middle name. Um, I I think just go for it. They'd be happy to see you there
There's always ice cream left over if they got just enough ice cream for these people once again
Take him to court take this landlord to court
If you say if you walk in there and say hey, um, it's a hot day and i'm gonna work really hard
Can I get into that ice cream? They would be thrilled. You know, i'll be overjoyed
They would be to be able to share. Okay Griffin, you're making a face. No, they would be thrilled
It's just when was the last time you were in a room with exclusively a bunch of
They've got stories Griffin. They got stories. Let me finish
sweaty 55 plus year olds who are now reaping the benefits of the sweat from their brow, which is to say
Briers and jimmies and then you walk in there with your fucking air pods plugged in probably listening to fucking
choppo trap house
and
They look at you with your fucking invaders m t-shirt on and your fucking wallet chain wait and you're fucking
You're a little you've got a you've got a doll
Obama doll that you're just carrying around for and they look at you and like a ventriloquist
I mean you want to eat?
our ice cream
That our past heroes of our nation fought for
in desert storm
You want our ice cream?
Hmm. Okay. Um
I don't think I don't think so. Why don't you go out there and get your own hip?
15 ice cream at a cool cafe. I bet you eat gelato
probably
Sorry, we don't have any uh dairy free
Here you're gonna have to look they probably do though. I mean they probably they must okay
You would think they do you'd need to have at least one dairy-free option one other thing that we're not considering here
Okay, thank you god
I want to munch
I want to munch
Munch squad
Mario-esque squad you were doing welcome to munch squad. It's podcast within the podcast
Profiling the latest and greatest in brand eating i'm going to attempt i'm gonna see if I can
Show you guys
Okay, I can do a chrome tab. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right good. Okay
so this uh
Today we're going to be talking about a new taco bell menu innovation
um innovation
No, that's not what he said
Huh? Oh shit. Oh shit. What the
Everything has changed
Everything's different. It's so big. What is so big travis the cheese it justin. Well, that's the big cheese at tostada
Is currently being tested in southern california for what would you pay?
What what wouldn't I pay justin? Well, I hope
I'll tell you what
You won't pay that's two dollars and fifty cents because it is 249 and if you pay a set over that you have been
Ripped off and then did you say this is available at all locations now at all locations in california?
That are that it's being tested in the masterminds of taco bell and cheese
It have come together for the ultimate test kitchen test the big cheese at tostada
Just like the iconic cracker this innovation features a cheese at square, you know and love made with 100 real cheese
ridges, but it's not
Is now 16 times the original size just like you would buy at any restaurant in mexico
That's literally the sentence. It says is
The cheese that you know and love made with 100 real cheese ridges, but is now 16 times the original size
um, the collab were they paying by the word like it was an old-timey telegram
Should we put and ridges? No, no
We can't afford a man's ridges the collab creation tops the oversized cracker with layers upon layers of taco bell flavors
For a limited time in southern california, which I love that. They don't have to specify any more
It's just like, you know, it's got a bunch of taco bell shit on it. Just like you get it
This stuff we put on things
We put the leavings on it
You know how we take we take a hard thing and then we just do some meat jazz in there
Yeah for a limited time in southern california fans can crunch their cravings with this abundantly cheesy and nostalgic
Yet magically modern dining experience get fucked. There are
A few things it's weird that they put get fucked in their press release
There are a few things that everyone can agree on but the iconic flavors from taco bell menu items
And cheese it snacks appeal to all
sure to
All
Yeah, everyone can agree that we love taco bell flavors and cheese it snacks
We're thrilled about this new concept with cheese it which gives our fans the chance to experience the real cheese and crunch
They love from both our brands in a whole new way
Let me just say the real cheese and crunch parentheses for the first 30 seconds and then say goodbye to that crunch
Until they're enjoying the new orange slog bog
Uh
I would love to see side-by-side pictures of this image and and then I opened the box
That that's not all uh, uh a crunchier exclusive surprise
By the way, they describe what it is, but it's a big cheese it with like beef
On it and sour cream and tomatoes and crisp lettuce and cheese
Um, that's not all a crunchier exclusive surprise awaits for users of the taco bell website and mobile app
It's the big cheese it crunch wrap supreme, huh? Okay. Okay now i'm now i'm on board now
I'm in something I can pick up you say like an original counterpart
This version includes seasoned beef nacho cheese sauce lettuce reduced fat sour cream and diced tomatoes
But the typical tostada shell is swapped for the oversized cheese it cracker before being wrapped inside a tortilla
That's grilled to go
This is the first time taco bell has offered a digital exclusive as part of a one restaurant test fans can get this cheesy
goodness in the big cheese it crunch wrap supreme for
429 this partnership is a true testament to cheese. It's continued success and commitment to innovation
Says stephanie miller president away from home kellogg company
We're excited to incorporate cheese it made with 100 real cheese into taco bell favorites and deliver customers of bold
Cheesy twist on the iconic chain's go-to
menu staples, so this is at they
Won all the cheese it but here's the real fucking kicker. This is at one taco bell location at two two
two two
Barranca parkway, irvine california
92606 for two weeks. So please you have to get there and let us know
How this is because it looks amazing now. My question is
Does taco bell have the strength? Do they have the power?
As a the fortitude to just sell me a giant cheese it
Yeah, I just want to eat the big taco mess on it. I don't want the mess. I want to pretend i'm a giant
Yeah, just like a no, you know, hold on
With a giant cheese it you're like a borrower or a borrower
I want to pretend we're a borrower which I think you were about to say or maybe just a tiny mouse in the wall
one of those things but like I have two thoughts one the fact that they sell this un-crunch wrapped is
Bonkers the only thing I want to eat right now is this in this crunch wrap but crunch wrapped because un-crunch wrapped
You're talking about you
the person at the taco bell window hands you into your car, uh a
A temporarily firm square piled high with mess that then like what do you you tell me the geometry
Yeah, you're gonna take one bite and the structural integrity will immediately be compromised
Lap of crap now your lap is the taco if you contain it in a tortilla garbage bag
Which is what the crunch wrap would be that's a different story second thing
Justin made us look at a jpeg of this for a long time
And I felt like it was that scene in big fish where the kids go to like the witch and she shows them the moment
Of their death. That's what I felt
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast, we hope you have enjoyed yourself, uh, we've certainly enjoyed spending this time with you
um
Thank and thank you. Thanks to everybody who came out to our shows a couple weeks ago
I said it before but I wanted to say it again because I really appreciate you got some more shows coming up in july
So make sure you go to uh mcelroy.family and click on tours and then yeah
Yeah, it is important that you do that right now bit.ly slash mcroy tours
Uh only two weeks away when you're hearing this and uh, we have tickets for the salt lake city
My brother my brother and me and limited tickets available for the san diego tabs
But the portland my brother my brother me and san diego my brother my brother and me are already sold out
So if you want to see it in salt lake city or you want to see uh adventure zone in san diego
You need to go get those tickets now bit.ly slash mcroy tours
Uh, thank you to montaigne. I wasn't done
Well, you are for a little bit because i'm gonna say thanks to montaigne for the use of our theme song
My life is better with you
um slap that bad boy on the
on the
Nickelodeon and just get ready to bump and boogie to it because that's what you're in for
Uh, we also have tour stops coming up in washington dc, detroit, michigan and cincinnati, ohio. So get those tickets now
Uh, you have to just you gotta move to detroit so we can just do shows in cities that we live in
Yeah fair, um, we have new merch
We got an approach the wizard shirt designed by dana wagner. This shirt is all time y'all
Like it's gonna blow your minds out of your ears. It's incredible. It's a very very very good. Uh, old sort of
Hobbit animated show-esque. It's so it's indescribably beautiful. You're gonna love it
um, and uh
10 of all merch proceeds this month july will go to the trans youth equality foundation
Which advocates for transgender gender non-conforming and intersex youth ages 2 to 18 go check that out
Uh everything 10 of everything sold, uh macroi merch dot com
Uh pre-orders for taz 11th hour are now open and that comes out february 21st
2023 you can go to the adventure zone comic dot com to pre-order
I also just wanted to say, uh, if after the news of uh, the the uh,
Supreme court of returning roe v wade and you're looking for ways to help go to abortion funds dot org
And you'll find a lot of state local and specific abortion funds that you can contribute to
Uh to ensure abortion access for people who need it
um
I don't i'm thinking real hard about not doing this anymore about not doing the
Impro but now hold on justin did just say on the fly. I have a good one for you
I want you to do one of our nation's heroes that helped this be a self-sustaining nation taking a bite out of a
Cheez-it to stata and then it all falling on their lap. Yeah now do we want to specify which hero or is this?
I don't want to be a specific hero. Just like one of our heroes that are stories. Okay. Okay
Who are still with us or not with us with us? Yeah
So not a ghost and not a specific person
A ghost would be funnier though
Well, it doesn't have to be what if it's just like transported from the past to now
I just want to hear an old person get taco on their lap
Yeah, okay
Hey philip, this is pretty good. Thanks for taking me out for my birthday
I'm eating this look I finished the whole thing without making any kind of mess at all
Oh, thank you. Philip. I don't need a tissue. I don't need a napkin. I do need a tissue
My do you want a second one grandpa?
Who?
Who the hell are you?
Oh, i'm who the hell are you? What are you doing in my car? You're not philip. That's philip. Wait, who's that?
I'm philip. Who are you? You're one of those macaroi boys
No, i'm philip. I promise now just sign this
Just sign this paper old man
I'm a i'm a i'm an army guy. I'm gonna put this taco on your lap so my brother can finish
Now take this taco mess on your old lap i'm done I gotta take pictures for my brother
Justin paid me a million dollars to do this and i'm griffin macaroi
This is from my brother. My brother he kissed your dad's square on the lips
Oh
Is better with you maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned audience supported
