The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better
Hello everybody welcome to my brother my brother and me vice show for the modular. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your middle is brother big dog woof woof. I got please
Travis McElroy, and I'm your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy
So this is a segment we like to do every episode where we ask Travis has repeat
My penis is fine. This is it's my scrotum that I'm doing this we do it. Hey, hey boys we doing this
Yes, the thing it's a it's a great. It's a fan favorite bit. Yeah
It's great, and we can only do it. I mean God willing in the creek don't rise
We can only do it one more time. Yeah, got myself a vasectomy
Yeah, and just you know I'm not so plugged into so she but juice
What was the response like when you talked at length about your sort wow actually so funny? You said that very good
Positive yeah good and positive there were people like I don't want to hear about this dude's hog
I want to hear him joke about fast-food franchise
Well Griffin the vasectomy doesn't focus on the hog primarily it focuses more on
The the beans as it were focuses on the buns
Focuses on the meatballs. I like to think of it all is the hog. Oh, okay, okay?
It's a holistic hog time down there, and I'm here's the thing travel. I'm your brother
I love you, and I'm very concerned about your well-being. I'm excited about your
your your your impotence and all that jazz, but even I don't feel that way doesn't even even I
Even I kind of don't want to hear about it
I'm you're not supporting me in this time
When I need when I need you the most Griffin that I've ever needed you in my entire life to just say yes to the dress
You're saying no, and yeah
Yeah, can I ask so I've had it so Trav if if I can walk
I'm in like a supportive place with you. Thank you. How did it? How did it go? How did the whole thing go mostly went fine?
There was one weird thing. I don't know how you dealt with this Justin
Yeah, the doctor just kept saying wow what a radical scrote, and yeah, yeah, that was a
Flattering I guess but like I kind of wanted him to focus up
Hey, it was the use. It's the use of the word radical that makes me think that maybe this was not a licensed medical
Professional and maybe some sort of surf surf, dude
Well sometimes you would just walk under his breath like that's just such a cool sack
You know what I mean and like that was yeah nice, but like I
Expected it to be a little less and for lack of a better word clinical
Yeah, I I've listened to you talk about this for a few minutes now
I wanted to give you a little bit of rope, but it seems like
You're lying, and that's fine
No, there's humor to be found in that but I am gonna go ahead and assume from your lies from the fact that you've cooked
Up a fabricated thing did it the whole thing wasn't very funny. No no
It wasn't very funny, and I feel like maybe you were going in hoping it would be a gut-buster
and maybe it was just sort of a
You know an overall success and fun for everybody, okay?
I'll be honest now it was uh it was not bad the only part that really like hurt hurt was honestly
He like balls. Yeah, well now he's taped he taped my penis up out of the way, so we can get in the way
Get out of there
When he took the tape
For me and when he took the tape off it pulled off it pulled off a lot of chest hair, and that really
Wasn't a problem for me at all
Fuck it's all good stuff. It's all good stuff. Just fun regular conversation now
I brothers I do find that I've spent the last 48 hours
Thinking more about my own genitals than I did in all of my teen years put together
Hey same same for me, but for you because you keep telling us about him
You keep a dad keeps asking dad every four hours wants to check in on how my downstairs is doing. He's a caring father
But he keeps saying how's your radical scrote, and I don't know
When I check in I say how are you feeling
But I don't say tell me about the tell me about the incision site on your delicate bathing suit area
Because I love you, but that's your private place
That's your private sound and here's the thing is he said mine was the least delicate. He's ever seen
He said it was like toughened leather trying to get through there, man
You got a cool juice you kept saying he didn't do that with me. Did you guys have the same guy?
There's only one guy in the tri-state area who like gets it just one regular normal guy
Okay, he travels the world kind of a reverse Johnny Appleseed really yeah, hey
What was that? Well just a little soundbite of on the wings of love. Yeah, that's why
Comcast is trying to call me. They'll never read me down. Is that special ringtone Justin?
They said were you using your data to hear things about your brother's testicles?
Cuz we're monitoring the whole thing. The doctor kept calling him besticles. He said these are the besticles
And I was all right, and that was interesting to me. All right
So it wasn't funny. I'm sorry to hear. He asked if he could do a charcoal drawing and frame it and hang it up
Yeah, his personal home. Yeah, that was nice
I'm starting to think he didn't even get a vasectomy. No
No, no. No, I'm sure I'm sure he did, but I just don't think any funny happened and he was disappointed
Griffin I can send you a picture. Griffin I'll send you a picture to prove it. No, we don't need to do that
This is a kind of jackass style. This isn't like one of those jackasses
That would be weird if now like jackass started up again, but it was just like oh man. Yeah, I got an actual like
Prostate exam and it wasn't funny. But here here's my test results. And yeah, they are they are getting older
They are welcome to make a run at it for sure, but they should definitely check in and see what's going on on YouTube
Before they make any grand. Yeah. Yes that jackasses back in the mix because things are
Yeah a lot out there. Yeah, there's a guy on tick tock who's like in this tick tock over the next year
I'm gonna eat my entire house and it's like Johnny and the gang
How are you supposed to beat that? He's gonna eat a whole house in a year. I treated this guy's over here eating houses
He's giving it away for free. I think jackass should come back and just do unboxing videos
But every time they open the box inside, it's just steve-o's genitals
And play every time and it's still attached. Don't get me wrong still attached. Yeah
Yeah, but he's been under the table for the whole time I love funny. All right, this guy's still got it
So this is an advice show. So we'll only have to do this one more time. But when I get mine, I'm gonna be
Like a very coquettish about it
You're not even good. You're not even behind a fan. You're not even gonna know
This is an advice show. I need a second
I'd started heating up a pot of water to make macaroni for Teresa when the kids got home and they haven't left yet
So now there's just a hot pot of water on the stove. I gotta go stop that heat one second. All right
I mean
Keep recording. That's a great. Yeah, that's a great thing to let people know that Travis did
Hey, as long as we're doing chores, I'm do can I get permission from you on something juice?
Yeah
Here's a bad smell coming up through the drain on the floor of my laundry room and smells like an elephant died in my house
Somewhere and I can't find it
So I got the door to my office open out to the outside and getting a little sound of the city
Do you think that's okay? Do you get that in the mix? Yeah, it's fine to get the sound of the city in the mix
Welcome back Trav. We never stopped the show. Oh great. Great. Great. That's good content. I love that's good content
Yeah, that's some content
Okay, so you're back Griffin that's fine get a little sound of the city, okay
And I'm sorry about the smell that's tough as when your house just get to smell
It's a bad one. My dishwasher got a bad smell. Oh man, and then I was like, well you clean you clean for a living
It cleans you and it's like, you know to be like the dishwasher washed the dish who washed the dishwasher
That's great turned out it me
And if you wait too long to clean those things
Some bad things happen. Yeah won't forget can't forget. She can't forget
So this is my show
Um Travis you have places a question from Cora in here. Well, I think that this is important
You know what? I mean? Like I we don't normally treat these as like regular
Listener questions usually that's only because they're not
Well, but this was sent from Nathan and I saw and I instantly thought like this is important. This is this is
perhaps an important cultural touchstone that we could answer and fix and make the world a little bit better and it's rare that we
Have that opportunity
It just seems like a we're gonna cuss a lot
Doing it is it here's a question
Is it for fuck's sake or?
for fuck's sake
It's for a work email so it has to sound professional
It's neither of the ways that they have written it here because they've written it F U C K S no
Apostrophe it is obsessed. It's possessive. The sake is possessive of
Fuck of the f-word. Yeah, and then we move on because it's just it just feels like we're gonna get like really fucking like
Nasty, here's what I think needs to happen Griffin
I think each of us needs to say fuck ten times in a row until the world cuz no the word
Loses meaning right and then we can just discuss it. No, cuz it's done. We're not we're not a whole
George Carlin and we've also said that word so many times and it's fine to say it in the heat of the moment
Fun, but to do it to do it like this
It sucks. It sucks
My my three-year-old daughter threw a chapstick in my eye and it landed right in the eye
Was the chapstick open?
Did you get any chance to open because I was trying to take it from her because she jishes it up the whole way
Oh, yeah
So it's just two inches of chapstick sticking out and it drives me crazy like a dog. Yeah, she's like, okay
Sure, no problem Chuck and then throws it at my head and goes right my eye and I said fuck and then Charlie said
Don't say bad words. I said this is the exact opportunity to say fuck cuz a kid
Not now then when yeah, if not this then why that's weird coming from Charlie who I believe just per capita
Has cursed more in her life than I have
Mm-hmm. So I don't understand where she gets off judging you Justin
I think you're doing fine, but the question that I'm left with Justin is
Was there chapstick on your eyeball? Yeah, was it lip smackers?
Mentholated what are we dealing with?
It was a coconut. It was like a coconut cream pie or something like that
Hey, all right your I feel moisturized afterwards
Uh, no, it was unpleasant. I mean there were tears in it. So yes, I guess it was
Okay, here's a different one
Hello brothers
My partner and I are currently in the middle of making a lovely
Chicken casserole for dinner and we hit a snag the recipe calls for cornflakes for that crunchy touch
But we're plumb out at the moment. However, we do have for rusted flakes
Do I go for that sweet with this chicken bacon rice casserole?
Or do you know any way I can get the frosted off my flakes without them getting soggy?
That's some casserole in without cornflakes. This is your moment Justin. Yes, Justin shine shine, baby
Okay, here is my suggestion to you and I think this is powerful
It's a powerful cooking concept because you guys know I love to mess around in the kitchen. Oh, yeah
Crime scene kitchen. I'll watch it. No problem. I'll watch anything with Joel McHale and kitchen
A mystery. So here's what I'm gonna say. There's a little bit of sugar in everything. Okay?
Okay, is that fair to say she put cornflakes on?
Your casserole you have introduced some sugar from the malt
Flavoring in the cornflake and in the you know in the process of making cornflakes, of course
wh Kellogg introduced sugar that his brother was unwilling to
Introduce because he was a health nut. So
You got sugar in there. Is this fair? Mm-hmm. Yeah
But if you have frosted flakes, oh, you've added more sugar. Okay, that's not bad
All you got to do is you got to grab the other sliders
Jack them up to meet sugar. There's not a there's not too much sugar. There's not enough cumin. Yeah
Yeah, it's not enough paprika you put it all in there you jack up all the flavors
Balanced and it's intense. It's like that. It's like that book and TV show this like salt sugar yummy sweet
Yeah, and then you got the four flavors you have the four flavors of salt
Salt is salty sugar is has that sugary taste to it
Yummy is most of the other stuff and then sweet is like everything that's sweet, but isn't sugar like honey
That that will be my suggestion is yes
You can introduce the frosted flakes, but some flavors have got to come meet the sugar to play with it
Yeah, or else the sugar will be standing out on stage with his pants down around his fucking ankles
Yeah, you know you got to have the other flavors meet it meet it midway. That is my suggestion
What do you are? What would you all really do in this don't do any jokes?
Put joke out of room and just tell me what would you do?
What would you do the truth is Justin when I find myself in this place where it's like recipe calls for some kind of
crunchy
Breaded thing. This is where I start doing that pantry deep dive because there's almost always
some
Cheez-its in there right you gotta have some crunchums. Yeah, I got a four-year-old and a two-year-old
Basically, there's some
Cheez-its somewhere somewhere and cheez-its make an excellent addition the other day. It was making some meatballs
Yeah, and I didn't have breadcrumbs crunched up cheez-its. This is the secret ingredient
I it just like mama used to make boom. Yeah, I
I would say
That a good thing that you could the one thing that you could do. Uh-huh
is
is
She chili cheese Cheetos
Chilly cheese. Sorry, chili cheese Cheetos cheesy cheesy chili
Fritos those. Yeah, those things are fucking great, man. I
Had he knows I had a talkies. No, not one not those just chili cheese Fritos
I had a bowl of chili the other night for dinner and we didn't have any regular Fritos to put in it
So I put chili cheese Fritos in it and it and they canceled out and they disappeared
My bowl was empty when I'm out. It was crazy. Yeah, I didn't know that it worked like that
You know what? Why stop at the Frosted Flakes start replay? Let's see. You got chicken bacon rice, right?
You're gonna add in rice krispies in place of the rice, you know what you can keep the bacon
But I'm gonna want you to make it like maple like candied bacon. Yeah, and for the chicken egg egg is like chicken
Yeah, but beginning of it. Yeah, make a meringue right like do that, right?
This is what we're talking
We're gonna make us a sweet because here's the thing you have cinnamon rolls for breakfast and everybody accepts that right?
But if I want a sugary sweet dinner, everybody like turns their nose up at it, right?
Yeah, I want a sugary sweet casserole for dinner
Throw up everyone. It's 2021 big dog run. I'm making a sweet casserole get in or get out of the way
Yeah
So don't get out of the way. I'm gonna hit you with my car
Yeah
And I'm gonna back up and do it again
Because you got in my way on my way to a sugary sweet casserole dinner and I'll fucking kill you
You with this car you try to say he can't have sweet dinner. Okay. I'll kill you with all right
Yes, we get it and I'll bankrupt your family
Just just because you said don't put don't eat a caramel apple with that chicken
Popeye and I'll try your family stationery store that's been in your family for 200 years
I'll think I'll murder you and I'll fuck you and then I'll buy it and I'll turn it into a store
The only so sweet casseroles. Yeah
Get him. Oh, they're in the car. Oh, they got on board. Oh, I'm so sorry. I didn't shit is embarrassing
Hey, do you wanna do you want some wisdom of the crowd? Yeah, please
I saw I saw a bunch of people on Twitter suggest wisdom of the cloud, which I like quite a bit. Oh
I
Maybe maybe that's a good name for it. But you know, I'm in no hurry to
You know solidify this segment
Maybe we should just call it wiki how or wiki. Why not?
Because you wiki how?
Yow wiki out because this is another one of those Dylan sent this in sticky
sticky wiki
Sticky. Oh, I thought you were saying stick you were describing Dylan as sticky Dylan
Sticky but listen, this is sticky Dylan and the article is how to be cat-like and
Whether you need to learn to act like a cat for an acting role
Which is a very limited a very narrow window
I would say I believe there's literally one show that that applies to or if you're gonna be like cat woman
But even she doesn't I don't think like cleaner
Butthole or anything like that, but or you just admire feline behavior
There's several ways you can imitate cats each cat's different, but many of them share different behaviors
Unlike dogs cats can be equally finicky and standoffish as they are affectionate and cuddly
Alright, how are you dogs? Have like dogs have deep inner lives. I won't stand for this
Okay, so doing method one doing cat activities sleep a lot and take cat naps
Yep, do yoga to stretch do yoga to stretch your muscles out so far you are describing
People stuff. Yeah, nice try though clean yours clean yourself often at least okay at least once a day
Yep
Spend time playing outside like a cat or also
Like a person my cat doesn't go outside. Yep
That's also another thing communicating like a cat use body language to communicate your feelings instead of simply your words like people do it
Experiment with the tone of your voice now. We're talking now. We're getting into it. Yeah, I could definitely hiss more
I've been thinking about this lately like the amount of hissing I do is not nearly as high as it could be
Yeah
If you want to be able to talk there's a sub point if you want to be able to talk with cats
Mimic their meows and sounds the best you can listen to how they talk and mimic them, huh? Are we talking now?
Are we talking now?
This took a strong turn. I would say
Talking an upbeat tone when you're happy and content and incorporate a growl into your voice when you're mad
I've never tried that before. I'm gonna try that before me try. I
loved this jet ski I
Hate this jet ski. Yeah, I think I've talked like that. I think I've have you guys heard me talk like that before
Well, I've never I've never heard you hate a jet ski before
You're
Hey, this one's appropriate I have a signature scent so juice you didn't even know that you're gone that kitty cat life in a major way
Yeah with my signature scent
It sent directly
But I mean come in between signature sense right now, but this is the time to talk. No. No, I imagine we'll need that
I'm all friend to interesting interesting response
Lot of people said I I don't want it to ever happen again loved it loved
Loved it. Never again. Hey Justin
Welcome so much to a very exclusive club that I like to call what it's like making jokes when you're Travis
Hello, come on in. Come on in one person. Yeah. No. Oh, it's too late. Look at that. You're already in here
Oh my god, it was built around me. You've constructed it around my prison. I'd trade that for
fucking
Seven years later eat a banana again, idiot
So, um, I went back and treated myself to the video of you eating the banana and Griffin
I do I do want to point out one thing. Yes that the crunch is extremely loud
Yeah
It's pretty loud in the chance that you want to repel someone make a point to cook with garlic and onions or handle other foul smelling
Materials and don't wash them off. That's cool. Well on the other hand cats are not cooking with garlic and onions
No, but they do I guess put a bad stink on them to scare bad cats away
But regardless guess what else you're gonna do you're gonna scare good cats away with your bad smell. Yeah
Hey, this one's wild now. We're getting into it. Now. We're getting into actionable cat
activities cats
Blink slowly to show you like someone reels. It says here real fucking slow make
Your make your eyelids make a noise when they goosh against the bottom. Eyelid make it
Make a make those eyelids clap baby, and then they will know. Oh wow
Is something wrong with your eyes or do you like me a whole lot new?
TikTok challenge film yourself doing this with your significant other and see how they react to it because I think they're gonna really love it
Yeah, they're gonna definitely give the you're into them
Yeah, well it does say here some people may not recognize this behavior
And it may look more like glaring considering consider batting your eyes slowly instead to be less intimidating
That's not anything
Swat someone who's irritating you
Swat someone who is irritating you to warn them okay hit him. Yeah, this one just says hit him a warning
Swat doesn't have to be hard Travis just and sharp enough to get someone's attention, but hey, what was that?
I punched you not very hard though. Yep. That's your words
If a cat if a real fight does break out cats will bite and scratch their opponents just be cautious and consider the
Consequences of using these methods in a real fight with someone hey this escalated pretty fucking quickly
I would say wikiHow and I would say I would say someone who follows this and then accidentally
You know beats the shit out of somebody and goes to court and the judge is like
What are you doing? Why are you blinking so slow at me?
You'd be like no wikiHow told me that this is how I was supposed to work people off
You know how I have a bad smell that was supposed to do the job, but fucking Derek kept coming around
So it's hard because you're so deep at that point. You're already kitty cat at that point
Yeah, you're gonna have to read a wikiHow about how to act like a human. Yep
Okay, so here's behaving like a cat around other people stay alert and aware of your surroundings
Yeah, yeah reacting erratically and jumping at things that startle you is another way. You can imitate cats
That's sure be shy around people. You don't know but warm and welcoming once you've met. Yeah
Just sort of standard operating procedure or ignore people then request attention when you want it so
Now it's just being shitty human. Now it's just being shitty about cats. Yeah, basically anywhere in this article
Does it say bury your poop in some sand?
No, it says bring people presents
well
You can consider uh cats also hunt and leave their kill to provide food to their owners
You can take care of the people you like by feeding them such as cooking them full meals or sharing part of your lunch
Okay, now I am pot committed at this point. I am going to kill a bird and give it to my wife
Because that's what I need to do in addition to gently head butting and nuzzling the people I like
Hmm. I think at this point once you're gently head butting and nuzzling people you like while blinking at them slowly
You've passed the point of denying the fact that yeah, I am pretending to be a cat
Last one is be mischievous. Oh
Oh too late, yeah, that's good make little messes by knocking things off counters
Sit on people when they're trying to work on something or be nosy. He's gotten so straight like you have just
Absolutely overshot your goals. I feel like this. Yeah
This is the last thing wiki how leaves you with this be obnoxious
If someone asks you to stop don't respect their space and don't dial back the cat mimicking don't talk no matter what?
Because if you dial back the cat mimicking, what are you doing? Yeah, you know what I mean? Like what are you even doing?
You're never gonna get cast at that point. You know what I mean? You never because you are this is for the role. Don't forget
You got to be scramble shanks. You need to be scramble shanks. You were born for this. You're born for this role
Here's some questions. I have a cat collar that I made myself and sometimes I wear it
Is that too cat-like? Not at all. You could even go to the extreme and get a real cat collar
Just make sure you can get it off now. Hold on though, because I would argue it is not very cat-like in that
Cats are not out there making collars for themselves. Yeah, if we're going by like the letter of terminology
I think that is very human pretending to be cat-like
But I sure I have owned several cats in my life
Not a single one of them was like begging me for a collar if anything quite the opposite and this is this is maybe the toughest
One how do I know when to stop acting like a cat and begin acting like a human people keep calling me weird
My cousin says that taking naps is for toddlers. Well, that's not true. Hey, that's wrong. Yeah, that's incorrect
I'm 37. Let me tell you taking naps is for winters my man
If I get to take a nap it is to me the sweetest it's it that is truly good for me like happy hour
You know, let's not let's not our let's not focus on that. Let's focus on
Yes, you've been undercover for so long. Yeah. Yeah that you will cross a threshold where
It's no it's more normal for you to be a kitty cat than a human and at that point like you can't
There's an event horizon that once you cross it. You're a cat now
Do you know what I mean? And not a not a person and you would need to find a wiki
How article that would need to reverse the spell and that I don't think they have that one
I'll tell you here's the number one problem. I have with the suzuki how article nowhere in here
Like it should be probably near the beginning is like sit your family and friends down
Tell them you've made a big choice
And you're going to start acting like a cat right because otherwise it seems like throughout here
There's just kind of a growing
underlying concern
From people around you as it's like has he been cursed by a wizard? You need it. You need a clean break, right?
Where it's like tomorrow. I'm cat, right?
Right, so that way tomorrow. I'm cat tomorrow on
I'm cat so that way everyone's on the same page and they're not worried that you're cursed
Right because if I saw I'm thinking we're in a shaggy dog situation, right?
I'm seeing griffin act more and more like a cat. I think oh, he's ignored his family
And he's learning a lesson somewhere out there. There's a cat with griffin in it
And here is a cat in griffin and right learning a lot like a lesson about I don't know how to not sit on
People's laptops or whatever, right and I need to rescue griffin and bring him back to his family
And maybe stop a wizard
You know, so you all remember that kid in your class that whenever the teacher was giving you an assignment
They would like raise their hand and ask a question that they knew the answer to
Just to like get on their radar like oh and miss trambles. Is this do you want mla citation on this?
Oh, yes, derrick, of course. Thank you. Yes, please use mla citation. Thank you, derrick
That's what the energy that this uh, this person asks. I own a cat. Do you think observing him will help me fuck off?
Come on, fuck off. Well, who's gonna be like no, no, it's not looking at a cat
No, no, it's not looking at a cat and studying how it moves and then trying to act like that will not help you
Act like a cat after seeing how it moves. Come on grow up
You're not bringing anything to this
Would you guys like being cats?
um
Depends like a lot of work. I actually think I actually I don't I actually don't care. Let's get the money sound
Stamp it that's what I like to do whenever I have a package that I need to send I stamp it
Now I know what things can you lick
That is fine
The number one stamps, okay, but you don't want to have to go to the stamp store
To get to get these beautiful licking opportunities. No, you could do it right from the comfort of your own home
I don't even know if you lick these bad boys. You don't from stamps.com. What print? No
It prints but you gotta adhere
Somehow we got special un-lickable paper. Come on ray brightberry
You
You don't want to pay full price for postage stamps.com is going to save you time on the trips to the post office
It's going to save you money on on postage stamps.com
You get discounts up to 40 off the post office rates and up to 66 off ups shipping rates
So stop wasting time going to post office and go to stamps.com instead
There's no risk and with my promo code my brother you get a special offer that includes a four-week trial plus
Free postage and a digital scale no long-term commitments or contracts
Just go to stamps.com click on the microphone at the top of the home page and type in my brother
That's stamps.com promo code my brother stamps.com. Never go to the post office again
You know, I have to go to the post office sometimes because I have a po box
Uh, uh, po box. So you're calling stamps.com a liar
Listen po box 5400 west virginia
And um, I have to go to the counter and be like can I have the mail for this box?
And they know what it is. They know what this deal is and it's like stuff from listeners and sometimes um
He'll just come back and just stare me in the eyes and be like you have nothing
Oh, it's like oh man, and he knows like he knows it's like I guess it's over is what he says sometimes
I guess it's over the magic's over and you've peaked that's so weird because my box is always full
So stage fix is pretty cool, uh speaking of boxes that are full
Yeah stitch fix comes with clothes that you can lick if you want to I wouldn't recommend it
But there's nothing stopping you because what are you gonna do ray bradberry and you guys seem to laugh at that last time
Oh, i'm going to lick all the clothes griffin. Thank you so much for asking
I don't know why he does that that dude's fucking weird ray bradberry get out of here. Oh, he passed
He did pass away almost 10 years. I know i'm a ghost
dirty ghost
So here's how it works
You have a personal stylist who is going to say like hey you like this shirt you like these pants?
Because you went through you picked out some stuff that you like you said this is my style
This is my size and this is my budget and then that personal stylist send those pieces to you at home
You try them on if you like them you keep them
If you don't you send them back and whatever you send back
You don't pay for it and citrix has free shipping easy returns and exchanges and a prepaid return envelope is included
There's no subscription required
You try stitch fix once or set up automatic deliveries and you pay just 20 for a styling fee for each box
And that gets credited towards pieces you keep so it's great. It works out
There are no hidden fees ever get started today at citrix.com slash my brother and you'll get 25% off when you keep everything in your fix
That's stitchfix.com slash my brother for 25% off when you keep everything in your fix one more time
stitchfix.com slash my brother
Macho man to the top rope the flying elbow the cover
We've got a new champion
We're here with macho man randy savage after his big win to become the new world champion
What are you gonna do now match? I'm gonna go listen to the newest episode of the types of fights podcast
Oh, yeah, tell us more about this podcast
It's the podcast of power too sweet to be sour funky like a monkey woke discussions man
And jokes about wrestlers fashion choices myself
Excluded. Yeah, I can't wait to listen. Neither can I you can find it saturdays on maximum fun. Oh, yeah
Dig it
What's wrong justin what happened
Okay, I forgot about this
I want a much
I want too much
Welcome to much fun podcast within a podcast profiling the latest and greatest in brand eating
Uh, a couple of people sent this one in. Um, uh, so thank you do
I know stephen and emily
Um for sending sending that along. I very much appreciate it. Um
Yeah, so heinz in canada if you're in canada and you're in heinz there's this new promotion called the heinz
Bottleneck, um, this is only a canadian promotion
Okay, okay
I am shuddering with heinz when heinz gets in the scene heinz gets so fucking nasty. They make their presence
Yeah
Sometimes they skin and shear it so I can't wait to see what they've done now being stuck and exhausting and never-ending traffic
Heinz is a
Really amazing brand by the way. I've been watching foods that build america. Do you ever see this one?
got campbell scott narrating it as these very intense stories of like
Like the dominoes brothers versus the pizza hut brothers with like and it's got reenactments
Oh, I love like if you enjoy munch squad
I just want to give you the hardest possible plug for this show which is like
We have to make the crust thicker the people in new england hate it. It's like
Uh, it's amazing amazing stuff
Uh anyway, but this is about heinz through a partnership with ways and burger king
Heinz will be identifying those stuck in traffic
Driving at the same speed as it's slow pouring ketchup, which is zero point zero four five
kilometers per hour and satisfying their taste buds with heinz ketchup and impossible whopper from burger king
Let's say that say that one that last one again
They're going to be satisfying their taste buds with heinz ketchup and an impossible whopper from burger king
80% of canadians say they will travel in 2021 and I would love to chill with that remaining 20 real quick
No, no, no, I have my year mapped out and I will be a saying but
Uh, but most won't across international borders
Summer traffic is expected to be worse than usual this year, which is why heinz is turning traffic
into
a good thing
So wait
The idea is if you're in traffic and you're moving slowly
Heinz has a way to identify that
from june 3rd to july 4th
Those stuck in traffic who are driving as slow as heinz ketchup
Will be served traffic activated ads in the ways app
What and select slow moving canadians will be provided with this tasty summer combo of heinz ketchup?
Okay, what the fuck and an impossible whopper for burger king how this is going to this is going to
Destroy the canadian infrastructure as we know it because if people know this
people are going to start
collaborating like you're driving slow and then it's like
You'll be driving slow, but not slow enough as ketchup
Up and you'll you know what I mean? And then it's like guys slow it down just a little bit
We almost got the ketchup guys
It the they have a mock-up
Of what this would look like
And it's just a car with you know, and the ways app is there
And it just says at the top we are giving you free ketchup for driving as slow as ketchup
Which I guess is how it'll
Really go surprisingly. This is a quote
So surprisingly many people don't know that heinz pours out of our glass bottle at
0.045 kilometers per hour. That's a surprise to this
You don't know that
A lot of people don't know that
Oh
With more canadians potentially on the road this summer
Whether within their own cities or for weekend getaways traffic is going to be a pain point that we all need to get used to again
We want to help our fans see that going slow isn't always a bad thing
And reward them with the delicious iconically slow pouring heinz ketchup for those terrible traffic jams
Huh says daniel gotlib associate director of brand building and innovation at craft heinz canada
These are the same maniacs by the way that made pumpkin spice craft dinner
So I think this whole company needs to reevaluate what's going on up there up north
Uh, okay. So there are two
Very strong feelings. I need to finish the quote. Okay, please we are thrilled
Thrilled to team up with ways
And also burger king to bring canadians and the meal synonymous with summer and after sitting in weekend traffic
We know there's nothing more satisfying than a delicious burger with heinz ketchup
Now, why is it an impossible?
Whopper question. I don't know that
That's so here are the two overwhelming feelings i'm having one
Okay is very much like you know people talk about has technology gone too far
and the idea that
My phone can communicate the information not just of like where I am or what's happening
I'm used to that but also that i'm going as slow as ketchup
And someone like hey travis is going as slow as ketchup send him that ad that feels like too much but more than that
Mm-hmm. It sounds like
Kraft Heinz canada
Has put a lot of work and capital into this and i'm not a hundred percent sure that they've thought about
the return on investment
of this
This is what I actually think is I think this is my theory on it, right?
I think that hides was like guys. We have a really fucking good idea
Yeah, but if we tell you you have to promise not to cut us out of it
Because we are not essential to it at all
But please it's such a good idea, but you got to promise not to steal it and kick us out of it
Just do it together. Okay, because it's really good
Yeah, I guess the speed of ketchup thing is kind of the hook on the hole. Yeah, but so they
They needed the iconography of ketchup they needed
I wish someone had just been you win with ketchup
Because that's what they've said that every time it's like you win ketchup and I guess a burger if you want that
But you win ketchup
Just go to the drive-thru at canadian burger and they'll give you ketchup, which is already free at burger king
I don't pay just open your pocket and goosh it to the top baby. You don't pay extra for the ketchup packets
It's not there's no deal being made here. Well, that's how that's why it's so hard for the heinz company right now
Think about it. Travis. They've set up an expectation that their shit's always free and you don't it has no value
They should do it
The other this should be a punishment if you get clocked going as slow as ketchup
From now on you have to pay when you go to burger king and you want ketchup now, it's incentive to not have traffic jams
can we just like I just like
heinz canada
is
Absolutely unhinged. Yeah, I just want to go we're just gonna go
You know what? I got a couple more that I just found for the past. Is that okay?
Well, you guys take me on a journey after searching through decades worth of old posts on forgotten blogs and scouring old tweets and forums
Heinz is releasing three news. This is from march 15th
Releasing three new sauce creations inspired by canadians heinz tart shop
Wow
wasabioli
and hansch
hansch
Say all that shit
I'm gonna say it one more time heinz. Tart. Chip tart. Chip was wasabioli
And hansch hansch hansch
Hanch bothers me
Hanz hanz. This is my new boyfriend hanz. This is hanz
Hanz this is my other boyfriend wasabioli
I can't eat. There's too much hansch on hansch is your new daddy. I'll put it in slack. You guys want to see I got
hansch
We're over here having a good time with hansch while like my boy clowning over here tart
Chip is also pretty deep in the set tart. Chip is a mixture. Okay
Hey tart. Chip is a mix of tartar sauce and heinz ketchup
Was shared in a decade old late night tweet by condiment mastermind arianne from toronto
Emma from toronto turned an online wedding forum to remove wasabi and garlic aioli stain on her mother's vintage dress
Unknowingly releasing the recipe for wasabioli right four years ago while looking to subreddit to spice up his pizza order
deep from vancouver
Suspectingly shared hansch, okay, which is a combination of hot sauce and ranch. Okay, but here's the thing
Okay, I
Love a portmanteau, but if you look at tartar. Yeah, look at tartar right?
It's the tar of tartar sauce and the chop of ketchup you look at wasabioli
Oh, yeah, that that's a lot of wasabi in there and some oli in there. There's a lot
There's only like one letter cut off of each hansch
They took the h off of hot sauce maconte and the rest is all ranch
Yeah, it's not it's not fair ranch is most of the sauce i'd bet too in hand
Yeah, and you wouldn't you would look at that. I'm like i'm gonna guess ranch and hands
It's ham ranch, I could be anything I don't know it could be hoisin ranch
It's
I hate it. You you can shit all over them and they're big ideas
But I would love to hear how you would mash these two bad boys up
Hot hot hot hot
Here's the ad I got ad for this when this happened
millions of people post online every day
And some of them post about sauce
But little do they know heinz ketchup is watching
We dug deep across the entire internet to find your old posts
And we turned them into condiments
Introducing three new sauces sourced from the most random corners of the internet
heinz crowd-sourced
Hatch from the 12th post in an archived sub thread of people arguing about pizza
Quasabioli discovered on the advice page of a wedding fashion forum
And tartar posted on social media over 10 years ago
Then we shared the sauces with the actual people who unintentionally created them
Now you can try them too
Careful what you post big ketchup is watching
Like what is what are you trying to establish about your brand?
Yeah
They're clocking your shit 24 7 because yet just a couple months later
You revealed to me that they're watching the speed at which i'm driving and offering me free plant hamburgers in exchange
Yeah
I love this company
They're good. They're they this is one of those rare cases. We're like, yeah
Go ahead and invade this shit out of my privacy you have I will give you access
I trust I will give you access to my my children's birth certificates if you keep cranking out the hits like this
hansch
They need to change their name from heinz to hansch today. And if they this is the new company what is called hansch
Their their uh
Their last one that they did was they asked people to draw ketchup and then they turned what they drew into custom ketchup bottles
I'm telling you can't heinz canada's is is all over it. They've got things. Okay, I think i'd go with
hot saunch
Oh hot
Yes, that would explain your lack of
Contributions i've been working really hard to think about it. Let me give you a twist on that travis
I'm gonna just twist it a little bit hansch. Okay
Did they pay the people that they stole these ideas from?
Definitely not
100 now they pay they get they made their dreams a reality that's a payment right this payment greater than money if you think about
It I wish nerf would come out and be like
As we all know nerf bullets leave the guns at 95 miles an hour
So get out there and if we see that you're driving 95 miles an hour, baby
We're gonna send you some nerf and then just see how how long it takes
Um, how about another question, how would that be would you guys like that? Yeah, please
Sounds good
I was recently invited to my friend's surprise birthday party
Okay, the only caveat is that the party files falls on my birthday
I also found his actual birthday is a few days before the surprise party is I really want to celebrate my friend's birthday
But I also don't want to miss my own birthday
I'm afraid to say anything to them for fear of taking the celebration away from my friend
And should I just lay low and ignore my own birthday?
Almost no one at this thing would know it was my birthday too. So it may be possible
That's from befuddled birthday boy in chicago and that that seems like a surface level question
But as I kept trying to form sentences to curtly respond to it, I actually wasn't coming up with a lot
It's actually kind of challenging. I I tell you the one thing hearing you say it out loud
One of the things that jumped out at me was uh the word almost
Because what that implies is this is not a perfect secret because if you went to this party there is a chance
That someone would say hey
Isn't it your birthday, too?
Oh
Yeah
Oh, man, okay, you're gonna need a collaborator. That's what i'm saying. This is why i'm saying it
This is why it's so tough because someone could very well be like wait
Is it your birthday and that's going to be an absolute mood? Yeah now that's because oh now you made it about you
You need a co-conspirator though who is going to be in this room
Who can look out the window and when they see you coming not the birthday party, you know person who's having the party
They say oh, oh here they come here
They come and then everybody hides and turns the lights off and then the door opens and it's you
And everyone hops out and says surprise
Oh, it's just michael or whatever your name is and then you'll be like, yeah, it's it is my birthday
Okay, and now and now it's their fucking problem because now they're gonna have to take your birthday party away from you
They just gave it to you
They've just christened it your birthday party and now they are going to have to explain to you
I'm, so sorry. We're actually celebrating another person's birthday who it's not really their birthdays three days before and not yours
Fuck you get out of here. Yeah. Sorry. I yeah, I the thing is is i'm assuming you're an adult
Um, and that this isn't like at least 18 or older
And I would say that point birthday has much more become like an excuse to do something
Incorrect, not that age at 25 25. Okay, if you are 25 or older and you're asking this question
I think you just dropped the knowledge because
The fact of matter is and i'm sorry to be the one to reveal this it will not change
The event at all, right except that people will say happy birthday to you
And that's really all you want at that point. Probably no one's going to bring gifts
Yeah, but if you say it beforehand
People are going to wonder why you're saying it like why are you saying?
Oh, well that to go back to griffin saying you do need a plant
You need to tell somebody who's going to tell the organizers like did you know that's also michael if that is your name?
It's also michael's birthday, right? I'm sorry to get that stuck in everyone. So yeah, you've done it not michael
But now that's folded in
You can't do it. Oh, let's be clear. You can't be like you can't oh derek
If the other person's name is derek is having a birthday party. Oh, it's my birthday, too. Yeah. No, that's oh
I can't do that, but you could have steven if the other person's name is steven say
Hey, oh derek's having assuming it's derek is having a party. Well, it's michael assuming it's michael's birthday, too
Right. Let's just make it one big thing
Right now that's all fine. That's all fine and dandy
But if susan just assuming you have a friend named susan finds out that you told
Dare or you told steven wait, don't let's just not let's just drop the names. Okay if a
A finds out that b told c to tell d that it was their birthday because of e
then
uh
I'm lost. Um this
No matter what the situation's going to end with nobody ever throwing a birthday present for any birthday party for anybody else in this group
Ever again, so just be careful because birthday parties are great. Uh, I love all the cake and games
Cakes and games are great
Yeah, but what you don't want to do is get there and then someone finds out your birthday and they hastily like scroll your name
Onto the cake. Yeah, I try to fill it. Yeah, they put a post it
Under the sign. Happy birthday to derek and michael, huh?
Well, that was either moment too if you're gonna reveal it on your own
and me
And also me why didn't you remember as you're holding up your driver's license?
For real though and also even more because it's today
Three days ago and I put it on facebook that today was my birthday and none of you fuckers
Am anymore
Just a quick update dad
in uh
late night checking with travis checking on his zone and his
The status of his zone did not get a response until this morning from travis said doing good
I think and dad just responded now two hours later good good period good period you think you pissed it
I think you pissed him off dude. I think that's po'd man. You got a you need to you need to
Rebuild this bridge because it's tearing our family apart. Should I send him a picture or no?
I don't know because we're on the same thread
I don't just facetime him later and go into the same amount of detail that you went into for us on this show
It's a radical scrote. Yeah that do that whole. Yeah, that's gonna do it for us. Thank you so much for listening to podcasts
We've had a great time here with you and we hope that you've enjoyed yourself
Uh, just a reminder that heinz is watching you no matter what no matter where you post
Uh post where you post or where you drive heinz canada
Is watching and they are always keeping tabs on you
Um, I don't know if american heinz is doing that but you gotta imagine probably worse
I mean I it's a guess
But it's probably worse. Um
Hey, we're gonna be doing a this is this is fun
We're gonna be doing a live show what virtue that anybody can go to anyone on earth
That has that has the ability to get on internet
Can can come watch this program and it's gonna be I think it's gonna be a lot of fun with the last one of these
was uh
Was pretty silly and I think this one will be equally wild. It's june 25th at 9 p.m
et
tickets are
$10
and uh
Sawbones is gonna be there pretty exciting and uh, if you can't watch live that's not big
That's not a problem because there's vod that'll be available. It's video
Sorry
Available for two weeks after the show has ended bit.ly forward slash mb mb am virtual
Is the address so you can go get tickets right now?
And we would really appreciate you doing that. Thank you so much. So very exciting. Uh, it's only a couple weeks
Till the adventure zone crystal kingdom comes out this one
It's a real doozy folks. If you haven't pre-ordered it yet. What are you waiting on?
You can go to theadventurezonecomic.com. It comes out july 13th 2021
And just announced uh, this is I think very exciting on july 13th
We're doing an adventure zone graphic novel live and virtual event. You can go to bit.ly slash taz gn live
2021 for more info
Uh, we're going to have event exclusive signed book plates that are available from our partner bookstores
And more info can be found at that link bit.ly t a z g n l i v e
Two zero two one for more info go check it out
And don't forget to pre-order theadventurezonecomic.com
Thank you to montane for the use of our theme song. My life is better with you. Uh,
Coming soon. Let's just say that maybe we have maybe we maybe now we've get we're getting some intel from the uh, industry insiders
I have a uncle who works at sam goodie
Uh coming soon. You're gonna you're gonna love this track folks. Just wait, uh, the third verse
Third verse you haven't even you haven't even heard the third verse. It's got so many it's got so much foul language in it
It's so cool. This is the one where it's like two
Uh, and don't forget to go check out macro merch.com for all the cool macro and merch
Uh, don't miss your chance to get our pin of the month. Uh, that is griffin saying
I also want a sword from the my brother my brother me tv show
Uh the proceeds of which benefit the trevor project provides crisis intervention and suicide prevention services to lgbtq
youth, uh
Uh people under 25, uh, we also have a you're going to be amazing shirt
Uh, which if you've ever listened to taz balance who will recognize and a portion of the proceeds from that also go to the trevor
Project check it out
Uh, I think that's it. I don't have a fine. I don't have I don't think I don't want to overdo the final yahoo bit
So I think maybe we should in so it's maybe a prayer like we end with a prayer
And we can just like focus on like
Hey everybody. Great job today. Well, this is more a prayer to us, isn't it?
Well, okay. Well you got to sit
Okay, dear justin and oh, oh sweet justin and travis. I think you guys did a really funny job today
Thank you for being my brothers and for i'm so glad that both of yours vasectomies went good
And thank you for leading by example and please let me leave by example for my sons just like you do for me
Your child you're the son of you
And thank you for your gift
of the of the
of your child the lamb
See you see you later
My name is justin. I'm travis mcroy. I'm grip from mcroy. Amen. This has been my brother and me kiss your dad square on the lips
Oh
Better it's better with you maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned audience supported
