The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
This is the international episode of my brother, my brother and me from around the globe.
Now, that's my brother, my brother and you, isn't it? Yes, right. Damn it. How's it going?
How are your goofs today?
Pardon me, goof maker. How much for a fresh dozen of goofs?
This is all the French I know.
Moments before the show started that today is the international episode of my brother,
my brother and me. It's the international. It's my brother, my brother and me you love,
but it's got a crippling economy like in Europe. Sorry, it's like when guts had global guts
and then all of a sudden there were French kids for American. And America was just whipping.
America was just grinding them in a prepubescent pace. They have no,
they have nothing in their culture to prepare them. They don't even put steroids in their
chicken. That radical rock had nothing. What has braced you for this? Travis, what do they call the
uh, the agro crag in, in France? Uh, the, the agro with cheese. Wait, no, fuck.
Thank you. You're wonderful. So we do have an international flair on this episode of my brother,
my brother, me and advice show for the modern era. I am your oldest brother, Jose McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Vladimir McElroy. And I am your baby brother.
Wait, was that a language or did you become the scat man?
It's like lady smith black, my brother, my brother and me in, in portal prints. Uh,
scat man is, is the, the primary language. The national language is scat man in the city.
The national language is in the city of Port-au-Prince. The national language is scat man.
He's a national hero down there. National on a city level. He's the Prince of Port-au-Prince.
Basically in the, in the Prince of the city because they held the elections and he won
the election for Prince of the city. Right. He couldn't be mayor because he doesn't have,
he does not have a, you know, a government background. So it's more of a figurehead
position. He beat out Lou Bega, which, which was quite the coup. Um, literally.
The Lou Bega militia, uh, had a few things to say about it. Um, this is of course, uh,
my brother, my brother and me. We take your questions, your queries, and some unsolicited
questions and queries from the, uh, terrible people at Yahoo Answers,
and we turn them alchemy-like into wisdom. Uh, let's get right to it.
My boyfriend, a PhD student, is leaving to do dissertation research in Scotland for two months.
Do you have any advice on how to cope with being apart? Scotland's a country, guys. Huh?
I, I love doing this show early in the morning cause it takes my voice down here. I sound like,
I sound like Rick Dees. Sound like Lou Bega. I love it. Uh, it's tough. I, I'm glad you included
his location where he's traveling to. Because if you were like, my boyfriend is leaving to go to
some whack country for two months, then it'd be like, okay, we can help you here. But he's going
to Scotland and Scotland's pretty dope. I wish he had included where she will remain though,
right? Cause if she's in the UK, then she's not there. From kicking it in, kicking it in Des Moines.
Uh, I, I guess Skype video calling is good for this sort of thing. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. You could
Google, you could Google hang out him. You could Google Buzz him. Just hit him up on Google Buzz.
Yeah. You could, uh, both sign up for eHarmony and see if it syncs you up there.
Mm-hmm. Although I can't imagine- That sounds like a great idea.
I can't imagine they would pair a man in Scotland and a woman in Des Moines and maybe you should
take a hint, but I don't know. Maybe it's not going to work out for a couple. Have you thought
about taking a couple months off? Just, uh, being you, you know? So you're not saying like be single
and not like break up for two months, but just like mentally. I'm just saying mentally kind of
inception them out of your mind, right? Take that, take that, uh, eternal sunshine and the spotless
mind pill and just kind of forget they exist for two months. Have you seen- Think of it like summer
vacation. Have you seen the film you just referenced? Yes. Yes. Eternal Sun- Sunshine.
And it's just him just takes, just Jim Carrey just poppin', poppin' Xannies. He takes the limitless
pill. He takes the limitless pill and he forgets, but he gets, he gets it now. See, my problem with
that movie has always been that he goes overboard. So it's not just he takes the pill to forget Kate
Winslet dumped him. He forgets, like Kate Winslet will go to the store. She's like,
Kate Winslet will go to the store and he'll take the pill. That'll help. Yeah. Cause you know,
he didn't want to be lonely for like 20 minutes. And I think that's, that's probably a substance.
And then it starts to get weird when he starts to take the pill to forget Elijah Wood. Yeah.
And then he does it to forget algebra. And then he, and then he does it to forget that the
lady is actually a man in the crying game, which I don't know how they made that specific a pill.
Well, it's everybody remembers their first time watching the crying game. That's a magical,
that's a magical shock. There actually is a, I think there's a generation of people that,
and I would include myself in this generation, where they through osmosis learned the,
the turn of the movie, but did not actually see the movie. Oh, that's a shame. I have no
idea what the movie is about, but I know that the woman is a man. Yeah. Right. It's powerful.
It's a powerful movie. I think it's a Willem Dafoe, right? Willem Dafoe, but he has a,
yeah, it's like Willem Dafoe, but with a vagina. I only watch the vagina. I only watch Willem Dafoe
movies. If he's dressed like the green goblin or throwing hot wax on Madonna. That's like half the
movies. Yeah. It's half of his, half of his, his criterion collection is actually solely movies
where he plays the green goblin and or throws hot wax. Now, if we could get those two flavors
together, how about it, Coen brothers? Just, just give me that. You know, I was actually exactly,
pretty much exactly in the situation. Mine of course was far harder because my wife did not have
access to the high band internet required for Skype and such. And it, you will level out on the,
on the missing the person that will be the worst at the beginning. And then you'll,
you'll kind of get into a rhythm. Um, try to, if you're, if you're in a long-term relationship,
it's, it's going to suck because you, you get into this mindset that it's going to be the two of you
two of you. And it'll be weird to have experiences that are just you. Um, and that's the thing that's
going to suck the most, I think. And there's going to be a temptation to not have any sort
of memorable experiences, you know, for, for fear that you'll create a, a, some sort of imbalance
there. But you gotta remember that he's going to be doing, you know, completely foreign, completely
new stuff. And you shouldn't keep yourself from, um, also doing interesting things. When Sydney
was gone, I got into new stuff. I got into like, uh, what we've talked about on the show before.
I got in like geocaching while she was gone, you know, things that maybe she wouldn't have any
interest in, but I, I thought I'd pursue. And, uh, and, and that really helped to make the time
seem full, even though it obviously wasn't full because my, my best bud said wasn't around, but
so get like really into drugs. Yeah. Well, no, find some experience that you would be ashamed
to do in front of him, like geocaching, like an eyes wide shut kind of sex party. Well, Travis,
again, yeah. Imagine the thrill of him coming home and him showing you three baubles that he
brought for you from Scotland said, these are great, Phillip. Now watch this. And you juggle
them. Imagine his eyes bugging out of his head as you toss them aloft and catch them and toss them
until he gets bored, which is of course 20 seconds later. Hey jugglers, by the way, hey jugglers,
I can stream like every TV show ever made through a screen on my desk. Uh, your juggling is
entertaining anybody. Nobody wants to see anybody juggle ever again. Can I make a side note about
juggling that blows my mind? Can we just talk about juggling for juggling? Here's why I love
juggling. Juggling is one of the few like, uh, things that people do that requires constant
escalation. Like, Oh, okay. You can do three balls. That's awesome. Now do four. Okay. Now
do like knives. Now do chainsaws. Now do babies. If properly executed it, juggling can only end
in your death. Yeah. If you're into some like Greg Kennedy, like pro style juggling maneuvers,
like that can still, that's like a fucking air show. That's entertaining. He's the dude who got
in the cone and he juggles in the cone and he'll like throw the ball onto the, like against the
cone and I'll like spin around him and like this beautiful perpetual orbit and then I'll catch him
again and just like keep on juggling them. He sounds like an innovative juggler, which is easy
to remember since his website is innovative juggler.com. You know what I like to do? I like
to just toss to one of something to a juggler and just like go to town. Yeah. Enjoy that. It's very
zen. It's very zen. What's the sound of one ball juggling? I really liked there was a craze that
took off for about, I don't know, about a month and a half in college of, it was like single
object juggling. And so as a ball, you know how David Bowie just like made love to those dream
bubbles in Labra? That's pretty much all it was. You're talking about fushigi. Is that,
do you know what that's called? Did you pull that from? Have you never seen the fucking infomercials
where it's like that glittery, you know, silvery ball that you make dance around your fingertips
and shit. And every five seconds the crowd's like fushigi. No, but it's, that sounds like a raw and
primal power. I imagine that fushigi was the gift for like two Christmases that aunts and uncles
gave their nieces and nephews. Cause we didn't know them very well. Oh, cool. What's it? Oh,
devil sticks. Thanks dad. See, this is why we need to get, we needed to get a,
we need to get a PO box or something. Cause it seems like the kind of conversation where after
right people would just flood, who would just flood the boxes with fushigi balls. Yeah. How
many fushigis today, Donald? You know, I'm ordering a fushigi. Fushigi. Fushigi. You guys want a yahoo?
Yeah, please. This yahoo answer was sent in by Maxwell McCandless. Thank you, Max. It's by yahoo
answers user question mark who asks, is there any good dating sites for 13 year olds?
I am single and need a boyfriend ASAP. I am lonely. Oh my God. Here's a good dating site
for 13 year olds. The playground. I like to think that there's a secret context to
every yahoo answer question that it actually does end with an unwritten I am lonely.
But this person went ahead and filled that out. Additional details. Check that box. Additional
details. Fuck y'all. So I guess the answers that this person got. I want your help, but fuck you.
This is a pretty cool 13 year old actually. I'm kind of into it. I can't believe she's single.
Huh? Yeah. Somebody lock that down. Wait before her looks start to go. Too late.
How can you be 13 and lonely? You're surrounded by other 13. Oh wait. Unless homeschooled.
Trapped on an island. That's, I said homeschooled. Okay.
Um, that's really the only scenario I can, unless like you're just striking out at the school that
you're going to, which is we've all been there. Like I, I was very, I was wildly unpopular. Um,
in middle school, high school, elementary school. I did okay. Um, but I, I had a bunch of friends,
other schools, but I had no access to them. Right. That's the time I was 13. I dated everyone at my
school. You know, I just worked my way through the ranks. Yeah. I had fucked my way through.
What I'm, I'm very much like yourself, Griffin, especially in middle school, which I guess is
where you'd be at about 13. Right. Be like six. I was like, I would, I would compare myself to
the Chris Gaines of my middle school. People were not having it. They were not enjoying it.
Believe you were a real person. They didn't believe it was a real person. I didn't have a girl.
Sleep it. I can sleep at night because I knew that, man, if I was kicking it over at, uh,
Beverly Hills middle school, oh man, that's where my friend base was. That's where my core competency
is. They know me. The people know me there. You're known there. You're a known quantity.
Yeah. Take me out of Comac. Take me over to kick me over to Innslow. And I am all of a sudden,
I'm, I'm, you know, I'm Dougie fresh. Yeah. Is that, is he a known popular man in middle school,
in middle school, middle schoolers love Dougie. Take me over, take me over to Beverly,
Beverly Hills middle school. I'm, I'm Urkel. I'm Steve Urkel over there. Yeah. But if you take me
to, if you take me to Innslow, I'm Stefan Urkel, Stefan Urkel. Exactly. Although, you know, kids in,
if Urkel had shown up at your school, like, oh man, when you're 13, oh, forget about it.
It's fucking Elvis. School would have shut down for the day. Oh my God. He said the thing about
cheese. The red power ranger came to my elementary school and he did a backflip off of the stage.
And he bit his, he bit it too. I remember I was there, I was in fifth and you were in first.
Oh, it was hilarious. Nice try. Austin St. John, was that his name or was that the wrestler?
Uh, Austin St. John was the, uh, is that right? I think he was the green. Was he the green ranger?
Yeah, the red ranger. The original red ranger became the green ranger.
No. Fuck you. Tommy was the green ranger and then he became the white ranger. Tommy was the green
ranger. Dragonzord. Austin St. John was the- Oh, guys, all our girlfriends and wives just broke
up with us. Austin St. John is indeed the, um, is indeed the red ranger. Uh, if you were thinking
of Googling him to see how he has aged, allow him to save you some time. He has, uh- He looks
like, he looks like a young Dom Dolores and you need to get out. Didn't he do some grown folks
pictures of the, uh, all male variety? I believe he was in some all male grown folks pictures.
I may be imagining that though. Can we help this person diversify their tween dating portfolio?
It's, see, it's dangerous because I have no way of verifying that this is a real 13 year old.
I just assume anybody who says they're 13 on the internet is actually,
you just go ahead and add 20 to that. Or subtract five. Oh. Yeah. So this is an eight year old
trying to date up. There's what I'm saying. Okay. That's where the money is. Yeah. I assume that
14 year old, I don't have any money. I'm assuming 14 year olds have all the money. Is that where
it is all gone? Mm-hmm. You gotta get yourself a rich 14 year old. Yeah. They're pretty close
to death anyway, so you'll inherit it. Mm-hmm. You, I guess Facebook, I guess this is why-
Facebook is like the teen dating thing, right? Yeah. And by teen dating, you mean all dating,
all ages, forever. All ages. And not just dating. All conversation and contact with human people
is Facebook. Funerals. Funerals, Facebook funerals. Bar mitzvahs. Bury me. Like my casket.
Click to throw dirt. Do you guys, how far are we from more traditional celebrations on Facebook?
From like basically Wall-E where everybody is floating around in the chair staring at Facebook
constantly? Yeah. Like how long until I can just get- I'm there. I do that. Get, go to a bris
virtually. That, now this is largely not for convenience, but because I've never been to a bris
and I can never seem to get invited. So fascination. Fascination. But I want to, I want- You want to
live stream a bris. Let me Google your bris and live stream it from- Can I Google your bris is
probably one of my favorite collections of words I've ever heard. Yeah. Let me you stream that bris
please. Is your bris, sorry, is your, is your baby son's bris on Justin TV? Can you get that, can
get the stream up? How's the wi-fi at the bris, bris facility? What is that? A church? Hospital?
Or they do that? Uh, usually just a baseball, baseball field, baseball field. It's a, it's
always themed. You know, you see a lot of rich families will rent out, you know, rent out Shea
Stadium or something and it's like a- Yeah. You know. That's why when I have a kid- Put up a bunch
of signs that says like, Tommy's bris is a home run and stuff like that. Oh, that's nice. Cut,
cut the tip off your bat. Get that, get the cork out. Tommy. I don't think that's a thing. I don't
think you know how brises work. Cut the end of your penis off, Tommy. Tip of your dick's gotta,
the tip of your dick has to Jose Canseco. And also, uh, we have a guest bris guy, Jose Canseco.
It's a noted baseballman. He's, he's done slicing through the air and knocking out homers,
now he's going to slice through your wiener and knock out your foreskin. Jose Canseco's brother,
Jerry, uh, is filling in for Jose Canseco. Do not make it. Because he is, he is a surgeon.
Please be careful. It's my son's dick we're talking about. My coworker keeps peeking at
the personal stuff I'm doing on my laptop. Whenever she comes to my cubicle for work-related
stuff, what can I do to make her understand to mind her own business? P.S. You get a bonus of
10 internet points if you can provide a solution that doesn't get me fired. Well, if you're gonna
be picky, uh, this is from Worried in Colombia, South, South America. I gotta say, okay, don't,
don't come to us and ask us for the favor of giving you advice and then hamstring us
at the same time, you know? Right. It's like, hey, will you help me move? But you also have
to wear these really constricting jorts. Think of it this way, Griffin, it's like in a video game
where it's like, we need you to go in and steal this thing. Yeah. And you get an achievement if
you don't kill everyone in the process. I guess. All right. So this is completely optional.
Achievement. Now you're speaking my language.
So this is sort of like, we'll start this question like the rock in the rundown,
not using guns. And then if we get stuck, we will use guns. It just won't be as, as brainy.
Sure. Um, so don't look at personal stuff while you're working.
That's yeah. That's like work 101. If you want to do that,
get a job writing about the video games from your house.
I was gonna say, I don't think you guys are, are qualified to answer this question.
Oh no. We are hypocrites from way back. I don't know.
I was gonna say, you live your life looking at personal stuff on the internet.
I don't accidentally write about video games.
I, I, uh, I'd be more concerned about like my boss's school. That used to be tough when
I would work at, when I worked at like offices, you're always worried about like how,
what if the boss sees this, this doesn't look like I can't even pretend this is for work.
It's two words. Alt tab.
Alt tab. Now what does that mean?
That's shady though. When you see, when you walk into somebody and you're like,
is that a dick? And then it flickers really quickly.
How personal do you think this is going?
They're, they're live streaming a bris.
I assumed it was like, I assumed it was like, they were looking at B dogs.
Travis, no one except you looks at B dogs.
R has ever looked at B dogs.
I think in Columbia, B dogs is pretty big.
When you say B dogs, no one knows what the fuck you're talking about.
I think, I think you guys will find that many people know what I'm talking about.
No one knows what B dogs are except you.
I see that B dogs is a pretty big deal.
I want to see how much higher you guys are.
I'm going to tell you that no one knows what B dogs are.
I think you'll find that B dogs are pretty popular.
When do you bring up B dogs?
It's like listening to Mariah Carey kibitz.
When you bring up B dogs,
it makes everybody sadder because they don't know what the fuck you're saying.
And it's time for them to learn.
Hey guys, I want to talk to you about B dogs.
No, no, no.
Fair enough. Fair enough.
You're not using our show as a platform for spraying your madness.
I've got something that might walk the line of fire firing.
Okay.
Blanket fort.
Now listen, you got the cubicle and the cubicle seems like
the perfect like chassis for a blanket fort, right?
You really just have to have like the one blanket for a roof
and then the one blanket for the entry way.
And then all of a sudden you you're dealing with a blanket fort situation.
Yeah, that doesn't seem like a big deal.
Do you think the boss can come by and be like,
hey, I'm going to need you to take this blanket fort down.
Nobody's ever said that.
I think unless you work at Pixar, it's not okay to build a blanket fort.
Yes. Yeah.
You know, the iPad.
If you work at Pixar, it is no holds barred.
Anything goes.
Six year old stuff.
Yeah.
You want to ride a razor scooter around?
Whenever you come in, you have to take your shoes off
and put them in a cubby hole.
Yeah.
There's a ball pit in the corner.
The only sin at Pixar is to not hang up the sign that says
don't come in my blanket fort.
I'm dreamagineering in here.
I'm trying to make a wish.
Dreamagineering.
It's one step up from imagineering.
That nothing good comes from imagineering anymore.
No one has imagination.
But dreamagineering is where you sort of half sleep,
half read a comic book and just let your muse wander.
You smoke like half a bowl of salvia.
Half a bowl of salvia and then just head to the streets of inspiration.
And you're like, oh, talking cars.
Yeah.
And then you make Cars 3.
This coyote is screaming at me.
No, we can't use that one.
But keep dreamagineering.
You'll find it.
And then I watched As a Bear Ate the Placenta.
No, that's not a good Pixar movie.
That's a bad one, actually.
That's a bad Pixar movie.
Placenta can talk?
Let's think about it.
I like it.
Can we get Buscemi?
Can we sign Buscemi on as talking placenta?
Can we get Ryan Phillippe into the studio to play the bear that eats the placenta?
That could be a good movie.
I would watch that movie.
That's what Brave's about.
And you could just call that movie The Bear That Ate the Placenta.
It's very descriptive.
And it's catchy.
Here's the thing, though.
It's gotta be 3D.
Gotta be 3D.
When the bear tears into the placenta and shakes it out of his matted fur,
I want that placenta to just come soaring into the audience.
Because I think it's about time kids learn what placenta is.
Yeah, I think that we could actually make it in 4D and have it reach back through time.
That's appropriate.
That's the kind of dreamagineering that you come up with at Pixar.
Time travel.
Time travel.
Right.
We all used to be placenta, you know?
Why not go back and remind ourselves?
I don't think that's how it works.
I don't think you're made of placenta at any point.
I have to admit to you, Travis, that when you said 4D,
I automatically assumed that you were just going to launch
chunks of placenta at the children in the audience.
I understood that is what 4D meant.
I thought 4D was smell-o-vision.
Yeah, well...
Can we bring back scents around?
Yeah, I'm sorry, Travis.
Do you think you're going to get chunks of placenta launched at you
and you're not going to smell them?
How fresh is this?
I would love to see a movie in which they do it in 4D
but they remove smell from the equation.
Like, put on these glasses and also this noseflip.
Why am I going to waste fresh placenta
when I could be selling that to Tyra Banks for pennies,
for, you know, hundreds of thousands of dollars?
I'm going to use old placenta when I chuck it at the kids.
Huh?
Sorry, guys.
The FCC is here.
They say that we've said placenta way too many times in this episode.
The man's shutting us down.
Now we have to change it to schmutzenta.
Now we got to change it to baby lube.
This is easy.
We change placenta, cat, bear to a dog, Milo notice 2.
I'm going to the bank in 3D.
Oh my god, his whiskers.
Those dogs are...
I bet all the animals in that movie are dead.
Every animal.
Oh, Homeward Bound, it's all dead.
All dead.
All dead.
Shadow went first.
You know it.
You know Shadow went first.
Also, look who's talking.
That baby's dead.
Yeah.
If Homeward Bound, The Incredible Journey,
the movie where dogs go across country to find their owners,
if that movie would play five minutes later,
you would just see the dogs having heart attacks and die
because they went so far.
You know, I actually know that that movie is a work of fiction,
not just because the dogs talk,
but because at no point does one of them roll over
and show you his boner.
You know, Homeward Bound, what they don't show you
is the next, like, five or ten years living with those animals
is going to be insufferable.
Yeah.
You know, you throw the stick and...
Let's go for a walk.
I don't really feel like going for a walk.
Oh, really?
Because you fucking left me in San Francisco, you cunt.
You remember?
You fucking piece of shit.
Oh, you want me to go fetch?
Yeah, I don't think I'm going to
because I fetched you from across the country.
So I'm cool.
I'm fetching forever.
Were you going to eat all that turkey?
I didn't think so.
Give me the rest of your turkey.
So guys, do you think that there is a website
that this person could go to that would not get them fired,
but would also teach their coworker a lesson
about looking over someone's shoulder?
Ooh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, like pipe bomb stuff.
No.
No?
No, fired.
Fired.
Fired.
That's fired.
Because I immediately went to something
that was titled like how to eat your coworker
but I think that would get you fired.
Sword polishing.
Okay.
I think the whole internet is so weird now.
It's hard to think of something that's not really broken down.
You could get on a dating site for 13-year-olds.
Yeah, we didn't actually come up with a good name for that.
Do you guys have, like, Teenster sounds pretty good,
but I'm not sure that's working.
Let's mull it over.
Teen love.
Teen zone for kids.
Teen zone for kids.
Teen zone for kids and fake kids that are uncles, actually.
Secretly uncles.
You know, there's a pen and teller book,
and I can't remember what it's,
it's how to mess with your friends.
Is that it?
I don't remember.
I don't know.
But at one point, they talk about being on a train or plane
and somebody reading over your shoulder
and type out onto like a Word document.
Like, I know that you're reading this.
I know I can see you.
We're looking over my shoulder.
Oh, that's pretty good.
Actually, write a note to that person
and then make them feel bad when they scope it.
There's nothing.
Here's the problem, though.
There's nothing that you can do on your computer
that you shouldn't be doing at work
that won't be so like incredibly scintillating
that this person won't redouble their efforts
to peep your business.
Right.
Oh, you know what it is?
Here's what you do.
Have your personal website or whatever,
whatever you're checking out,
and then when they come in, close it real quick.
But your background is just a collage of pictures of them.
That's it.
That's circle gets the square.
Circle gets the square.
Travis has finally helped somebody.
It only took us 102 episodes, but we did it.
Someone has been helped.
Guys, do you want a Yahoo?
Yeah.
Yeah.
This Yahoo is sent in by Malik Marcellus.
Thank you, Malik.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Yeah, baby.
Yeah.
No.
Justin, could you say that correctly, please?
Yeah, baby.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Who fucking asks, what themed party can I have for Halloween?
I want to attract lots of lovely ladies.
Oh, behave.
Oh, no.
All right, Griffin.
I'm going to have to take this question away from you.
OK.
Can you please paste the text into our Skype window?
OK, you just typed, fuck you.
That is enough.
What themed party can I have for Halloween?
I want to attract lots of lovely ladies.
Oh, behave.
That is her fault.
It sounds like Austin Powers had a stroke.
I did.
This isn't my fault.
It's Mike Myers' fault for not releasing a new Austin Powers movie.
I don't know what he sounds like.
It sounds like your face is melting while you're doing it.
It's like Austin Powers had a bucket of water.
I got a gram, call him baby, boy.
I got a Haruka now.
Now I can't take your body.
Oh, you can't baby, yeah.
Every day alone, I feel great Elvis Costello.
It sounds like if Austin Powers were a fat woman on South Park.
That's the sound I apparently was.
Yeah.
Oh, behave.
OK, I think this guy say something.
I think this person has their heart set on a theme.
I think the theme has been decided.
Guys, I don't want to get outside of the question,
but is it possible that this person has just chosen
to live an Austin Powers lifestyle?
Can I share the top answer?
The top answer from Yahoo Answers user Rock Titan says,
it's April.
Oh, he's the pragmatist.
Oh, that's great.
Any Halloween themed party?
The harder thing to think of is a Halloween themed party
that women somehow won't find a way to make sexy.
Is that too much?
What are you saying?
I'm saying that-
So you're saying like a Captain Pike themed party
where everybody rolls up in a big container.
Maybe this is, I don't know.
Maybe this isn't true anymore since none of us are in college.
But I feel like in college, if you had any Halloween party,
there would be at least one to two women there
who were dressed up in a scintillating way.
Hey, are you in college right now?
Can you not listen to podcasts?
I promise you, there will be lots of time for us.
We'll still be here when you're 31 years old.
Don't waste your college years listening to us, please.
Indoor us away in a vault,
and then when there's some kind of apocalypse
and everyone else in the world is killed,
there will be time then.
There will be time for that.
If you have listened to every episode,
that's like five entire days that you could have spent-
Getting it.
Who knows?
Just getting it.
Man, woman?
It's a good time to check in.
It's been a solid five months now.
We're, you know, we're a good way into 2012.
Are you guys getting it?
Like, are you in college and listening to a podcast right now?
Unless you're getting a mani-pedi
and are getting ready to go out and get it.
Like, I don't- I can't think of a good reason
to be listening to this show right now if you're in college.
It's a fucking owl!
Think about that one thing that you want to do,
but you're too afraid to do,
but you're too afraid to do.
Hit the pause button and just go fucking get that thing.
Get it.
Get whatever it is.
You guys have just blown my mind
because there is probably a pretty solid group
of our listeners that have one month of college left.
Oh my god!
They will graduate at the end of May.
Never to- never to be in school again.
This is it.
My last month of college was the best month of school time
that I ever had in my entire life.
And if you are not- if you are not dipping-
you're- you're just drunk on, well, pabs.
But you're also drunk on, like,
fear of what's going to happen once you get out of school.
You're drunk on, like, excitement
that you're about to be finished with college.
You're- you're just- you're drunk on power
because you're the highest.
You're the highest.
Hey, if you're a little nervous about leaving, don't.
I treated-
Van Wilde that shit.
I treated myself through year five and I don't regret it.
Well.
You know what?
You guys know why I had to take a fifth year of college?
Because I failed Spanish.
I never knew that.
I thought you just, like-
I thought it was-
I thought it was a choice.
I thought it was because you wanted to change your major.
No, I failed Spanish.
Shh.
Okay, so don't- don't rage that hard.
I raged so hard I forgot my sign language.
Hey, do you know why I failed Spanish?
Because I walked into the class
and the motherfucker is speaking Spanish.
Dog, I don't speak it.
I know this is the fourth one of these I've had.
Like, I don't speak this language.
Can you please?
He would make assignments in Spanish.
I don't even know what that work was.
You would show up with a picture of your family
you had drawn in red crayon,
like, is this- is this it?
Is this what you wanted?
Is this it?
I baked empanadas.
Is that what you wanted?
Did you want this?
Did you want these empanadas?
This is what I made for you.
Say that again, please.
Empanadas.
Start to sound like Marlee Matlin taking a Spanish class.
Justin is either-
He has an aphasia or he's having a stroke in real life, IRL.
Empanadas, empanadas.
Okay.
Nope, your tongue is melting.
Get to the hospital.
Time loss is brain loss.
I got time-illitis.
Let's-
Can I take it to the bridge?
Yeah, take it to the bridge.
Can I take it to the bridge?
Yeah.
Guys, this is an exciting time for my brother and my brother and me, busy, busy time, so
many people to say that we're thinking about them and other people are thinking about them.
I would like Griffin to tell me about this first- first group.
This first message is from Alex and Kate for their good friend, Dan Kober.
Happy birthday, Dan Kober.
They have been friends with Dan Kober.
God, I hope I'm saying that name right since I'm saying it a lot.
They've been friends for over 10 years.
They met in 10th grade chemistry and Alex was the best man at Dan's wedding.
He and his lovely wife, Shannon, live in Grove City, Ohio.
They have a shit ton of cats.
He likes home brewing.
He likes video games and a computer engineer, so he sounds like a neat guy.
I mean, Griffin, it says four cats.
You know what you're making sound like?
He has the most cats.
There's a possibility that he will die and his body won't be discovered for five days
and he'll be partially consumed by all of his cats.
If you have one cat, that's cool.
If you have two cats, they better do like tandem tricks.
Any more than that, it's a metric shit time.
Anyway, happy birthday to you, Dan Kober.
I'm not judging your number of cats.
Fill your life with love.
Measure it in love.
Seasons of cats of love.
Guys, in the spirit of 20 Does, our next advertiser quit their job, packed their bags,
moved away from Seattle and applied to grad school, then spent a month making his first
iOS game, Singing Star.
The idea is that you travel through space seeding barren plants with life using musical
shooting stars, which is basically what Cher has been doing for three decades in a metaphysical
sense.
No, in the literal body of a spaceship.
Cher has a spaceship.
I did the art programming and sound design, everything.
He's not a pro game developer, so maybe Travis could review it since he's not a pro either.
So search for Singing Star in the app store and download it and let everybody know that
I'm going to get it right now.
Now, if you go impregnate, impregnate some planets.
I think that's impregnating planets, basically.
Here's another one.
This one was sent in by Peter McCaffrey for his dear wife, Megan McCaffrey.
He says that he wants to wish his wife, Megan, good luck delivering their third child on
May 29th.
She's 20.
She's 25 years young.
She's getting it done.
She is a saint, and all women would be so lucky to be like you, and I am a lucky so-and-so
to be with you.
Keep getting it, honey.
20 does.
Get it.
Just effing get it.
I like this guy.
He really goes on a tear there.
Yeah.
I also think this would be the most amazing Lamaze class.
Yeah.
Go.
Get it.
Get it.
Fucking dig deep.
20 does.
I think that this is actually Bob Harper from The Biggest Loser, and he's just like, tear
it up.
You can do this.
Get it.
That is.
You guys know Bob Harper?
Please don't be ridiculous.
What are you talking about?
What the fuck are you talking about?
He's the man on my workout DVDs, and he's like, reach deep down inside yourself.
Find your soul.
Rip it out.
Griffin, can I ask you this?
Use its power.
Eat the placenta.
Has there ever been a moment before that has worked on you?
And ironically, please be honest, this is for posterity.
No, well, it makes me angry at Bob Harper, which is my own source of energy.
When I'm working out on his expert edition workout, I am fueled by a small son of hatred
for Bob Harper that I keep inside me.
Megan, maybe if you can focus on a small sphere of hatred for Bob Harper, you can get through
this pregnancy.
Congratulations to you and Peter.
Travis, we have, let's all go to the movies.
Let's all go to the movies.
Let's all go to the movies.
Let's all go to the movies and hear some guys talk about stuff.
Well, have you guys checked out cinemabums.com?
I love cinnamon buns.
No, no, cinemabums.
Travis, you're saying it?
I'm just hearing cinnamon buns and I'm-
No, cinemabums.
Okay.
I think they make cinnamon buns.
It sounds like if a little kid tried to say cinnamon buns.
It's adorable, Travis.
I just ate a bunch of peanut butter and I want to talk about cinnamon buns.
Pretending you're one of the characters in Family Circus and it's adorable.
If you follow my footsteps back, you can get the cinemabum stuff.
Now I can't even say it right, you assholes.
Jeffy eat it all the cinemabums.
cinemabums.com, Travis, what is it?
I don't even want to talk about it now.
You guys have made me so conscious.
Well, you have to.
They paid us.
It's a great webcomic.
It comes out every Monday and Thursday and it's funny takes on movies and they talk about
movies that are coming out now and just cinema in general.
I'm sure that will appeal to the perplexingly gigantic webcomic audience that we have.
It's got its own style.
It's a distinctive style, which I appreciate.
They're not trying to blend in here.
And I'm I read some of these before we started and I got a big kick out of it.
cinemabums.com is the name of the site.
You can go and read the webcomic and enjoy it.
We would recommend it.
Go go on updated Mondays and Thursdays.
So there's a new one right now.
Do you guys have any ideas of how to weave these fucking two things together?
Nope.
Great.
Thanks.
You're very, very helpful.
Hey, what's that smell?
I think that it's cinnamon buns.
You tell me it's not, but I'm a grown adult.
You say it is cinema bums.
I said, that's what I said.
Then you say it's a webcomic and you can't eat those.
I say, watch me.
So I eat the webcomic and I get real sick.
I have to go to the hospital for a week.
And while I'm there, you say, Hey, I know how to occupy your dilated filled hours.
It's an app called singing star.
And so I get it and enjoy it.
There it is.
Threaded the needle.
No, like Josh didn't read his hay day.
Hello, fake radio listeners.
I didn't see you over there.
This is judge John Hodgman relaxing in his chambers.
You know, I've resolved the greatest moral conflicts of our time, like the potluck problem.
Snob versus slob.
And of course the toot dispute.
Do you have a pressing issue that needs swift, decisive justice?
Visit us at www.maximumfun.org slash J J H O that's JJ Ho for judge John Hodgman.
And here are the results of each case on my weekly podcast.
Judge John Hodgman.
You can subscribe in iTunes or find it online at maximum fun.org.
This is the sound of a gavel.
That is all.
This question comes to us from, well, I'll tell you at the end.
Many of your letters are about how to deal with unintentionally douchey family,
friends and acquaintances who I think probably just got comfortable with their surroundings
and slid into doucheyness.
How can we police ourselves so we don't make such a slide?
That's from moderately comfortable in the Midwest.
You got to, you got to surround yourself.
You can't, you can't police yourself.
I don't think you got to surround yourself with douche.
Slithmus tests that you can, that you can all, you can police them.
It's like a circle of trust, you know?
Ooh, I like that.
A circle of accountability.
Jack, can you scoot a little closer to your mic?
I hear quite an echo.
Yes.
Thank you.
Sorry.
Um, you gotta, you gotta, fuck, record every conversation that you have.
And then like go.
Hire a stenographer.
Well, you don't have to go that far, but you can just like listen to every conversation
that you have that you've recorded.
I think you should hire a stenographer because here's my thing.
You can create a job and that's what this economy needs.
Thanks.
You're right, Travis.
Thank you, Travis, for thinking about our economy when the government's so selfish.
Thank you.
And then hire a stenographer for your stenographer, a tinier stenographer.
I actually think that if you have a stenographer writing down all your stuff,
you're going to say cooler stuff because you're going to know there's that,
there's that accountability there.
And you get to yell stuff out, like read that back to me.
Can I get a copy of that?
No, actually, Vicki, you can see here what I said was that I will do the laundry when
I get some time, as you see here.
That would be actually really good for marriage.
If you can get a marriage stenographer, it would be hugely helpful.
And I sound like I'm about to go on a Tom Pappas bit,
so I'm just going to steer, steer, steer off here, pull off on the junction.
Pump, pump the brakes there, men of a certain age.
I don't know.
I really enjoyed the concept that douchiness is caused by comfort.
I like that idea.
Like douchiness is like a pair of sweatpants you slip into.
It's not, I don't think that it's quite that matter of fact, but like,
I think that is the way that it happens most of the time.
You know what?
Fuck it.
If you become a douche and all your friends and family become douches too,
like just, just try to like corral that and keep it inside your own bubble,
but then just like live in it.
It's fine.
Hey guys, can I read a question?
Oh shit.
I know, but I really like this question and I feel like if Justin reads it,
he'll cop out halfway through.
Okay.
Okay.
That's always a good sign for me.
As long as it's not about pee or farts.
Oh no.
My fellow coworker and I are having a debate and we need you to settle it for us.
One day we both happened to use the urinal at work at the same time
and my coworker passed gas.
I told him you can't do that in public bathroom,
only in the privacy of your own home.
He disagreed.
He stated that it's perfectly acceptable to fart in a public bathroom
because that is what goes on in the bathroom.
Please shed some light on the situation.
And that's from Flatulent in Fargo.
I don't want to do this.
I can't talk about this.
Yep.
Come on.
Farts.
I don't want to do this.
I don't want to talk.
Why don't you guys want to talk about farts?
Be an adult, talk about farts and pee and poopy and stuff.
Okay, but I don't want to do any of that.
No, but like an adult.
Talk about it like an adult.
No, but I don't want to do that.
We'll call it flatness when you release flatness.
Let me answer this question in like 10 seconds
and then we can all move on with our lives
and pretend we never talked about duty.
Okay.
Farting is 100% okay in the bathroom
because you poop in the bathroom
and what are you, some kind of fucking hypocrite?
Yeah.
Yep.
Right?
Farting in the bathroom, totally cool,
and everybody pretending like it didn't happen.
The FCC's back, they said, oh, you might as well
title this episode Fart Placenta
and then put a little sticker on it that says
do not release and then don't release it.
Oh, this one's going in the fucking Disney vault.
Right next to the Blu-ray of the buried in placenta.
We're going to bring that out back in 2030.
Audiences will think that's tame by then.
They'll be completely over the whole bear placenta thing.
Let's do something else.
Anything else, please.
But farting's totally cool.
Okay, next question.
Next question.
Did I ever tell you guys this story?
I was in an airport bathroom
and this dude was in the stall obviously on his phone
having a conversation with someone
and just going to town like some of the
raunchiest toots I've ever heard
and was just not holding back
during a fucking conversation on the phone
in a very public restroom.
It was like a trumpet solo in a Chicago song.
Yes, it was amazing.
See, this bothers me.
This is why phones should...
They should actually collect your phones
before you go into a bathroom
because by going into a bathroom
you're entering into like a
I know what you did last summer situation
where we're all doing terrible things
but we promised not to.
It's the counter silence.
Exactly, exactly.
And you promise that the things that are happening in there
you're just going to pretend never happened.
And it's embarrassing when you're in a stall
next to somebody else in a stall
who's on their phone and they're like
hey man, what's up?
On their phone and you're like
not much.
I had some Taco Bell earlier.
I had some Loco Drites.
This is, why are we...
Then he's like yeah, she's doing okay.
You're like ah fuck, god damn it.
And then you gotta pretend like
you're having a conversation on your phone.
Yeah, yeah dad.
Sorry I haven't called in a while.
I had a couple minutes free and...
We've talked way too long about this.
Here's a Yahoo answer that was sent in by Sam McKay.
Thanks Sam.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Haley who asks
Cute inside jokes?
I'm writing my friends' notes.
Like you know the ones you pass in the halls
and I don't want to be lame and repeat past things.
I'm out of ideas.
So are there cute inside jokes or funny things
you and your friends talk about?
Like examples from me.
Banana face.
Examples from me, banana face, inside joke.
Neon nerds, with a Z, code name.
Let's go eat ice cream.
Random, choo choo, IDK.
Stuff like that.
Anything I could put down to be cute
even though it might be a code name to someone else
but just something cute for me.
Please, smiley face, heart Haley.
This is the grossest thing I've ever heard.
Choo choo, IDK.
Ice cream, random.
Jelly bracelets.
Dr. Scholls.
Hey, I don't know how to write this to you
but this was asked by a 50 year old man in high-focals
eating Chef Boyardee out of the can.
So it was a middle school plus 20.
Yeah, he just wants to,
just what are you guys talking about?
What is happening there?
I just want to know.
I just want to know what the things are.
Sneaker snappers, what's up?
Edamame.
You guys are really bad at this.
Mop and Glow.
Why?
Power of Pine Soul.
IRS form 1099.
Why?
Fukushimi.
Fukushimi.
It's Fushigi.
Fushigi.
Umari.
Yakitori.
Kwanzaa.
Shamil Shamal, Little Paws, Pepper Incorporated.
Random.
Random, Kwanzaa.
What do you think kids are talking about, Travis?
Apparently I do not know.
I thought I did until about five minutes ago.
I thought I had my finger on the pulse.
Pokemon cards.
Words, LOL.
I thought they talked about the Green Ranger
turning into the White Ranger.
Raffinator.
That was way off.
So yeah, any of those things that we just said,
or you could just like collect two random words
off of, I don't know, anything,
and just say them with like a smiley face
or like a lull, I think works.
You can put lull in there.
Do kids still use Tamagotchis?
Can you talk about your Tamagotchi?
They replace it with Fushigums.
Fushigums?
Fushigums?
Hey, get over here, Fushigums.
I can actually twirl my Tamagotchi.
I can twirl my Tamagotchi between my fingers
and elbows like a magic trick.
He loves it too.
He has such a good time.
He makes a sad face and then poops
and then I can play with him between my fingers
and then I'll give him a walk.
Those things are so fucking...
You're playing with a calculator, idiot.
Idiot Griffin from 2000.
Stupid 1998 Griffin.
Griffin, do better.
I like how you retconned your age
at which you thought Tamagotchis were incredible.
I never bought a Tamagotchi.
This is a true story.
I was walking home from school one day.
It was actually made in a giga pet.
You remember that?
It was like a knockoff.
Anyway, I found it lying in the grass
while I was walking home and the screen was cracked
as if to insinuate somebody was like,
you fucking giga pet and threw it to the ground.
Like, I'm done with you.
And that person is making someone a wonderful parent right now.
Yeah.
Fucking Timmy, get out of here.
I'm sorry to have to do this,
but I do think I need the rest of that story.
What happens after you find the cracked giga pet?
Do you throw it in the garbage?
No, no, no, I kept him.
Did you nurse him back to health?
I mean, there was some structural,
there was some hardware damage.
Let's remake Homer bound with giga pets.
You can think of something sadder right now.
If you can think of something sadder right now
than 12 year old Griffin playing with a cracked screen giga pet
like some sort of war refugee.
Please let me know what it is to watch this image from my mind.
I couldn't be more depressed right now.
He's wearing pumps, but our parents can afford pumps.
They're squeezers.
You're killing me now.
I kept that giga pet very happy for two weeks
and then the screen bled out
and then I kept interacting with him
even though I couldn't see him anymore.
And then about two weeks after that, the battery died.
I walked in on Griffin sucking out the juice
from the liquid crystal display.
He wanted the giga pet to live inside him forever.
My body is just like a big mech suit
for the giga pet that lives inside me.
Okay, so this is when our dumb ass stupid show
about placentas and shit called My Brother, My Brother, Me
an advice show for the modern era.
Thank you for listening for whatever dark purposes you have
for doing that every week.
Especially if you're in college, you should probably stop listening.
Big love to the show.
Big love.
Big love.
Bill Pullman.
Getting it every day, Bill.
Congratulations.
Mace in your face just listened to 20 hours of Bim Bam
on a long, long drive.
So thanks to him.
Thanks to everybody tweeting about the show
with the M-B-A-M hashtag.
Nick Wustrak, Lil Socrates, Heron Bird, Aurora Hack, Buzz Click, Miluno, everybody.
I want to thank Sean Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure off the album,
putting the days to bed.
Said it before, I'll say it again.
It's a good band.
Hey, Justin.
Yes?
On a personal note, I want to say that I'm very, very glad that Sydney is back
and you guys are doing the satellite dish again.
Oh, the satellite dish.
You mean the satellite dish that you can find on iTunes
by searching for satellite dish.
And it's a comedy podcast about TV.
That's correct.
That I do with my wife.
I missed it.
You know what I didn't miss because it's still been here?
The In Case of Emergency cast.
What can you tell me about the In Case of Emergency podcast?
About emergencies and you do it with two people
and at least one of them is an Australian.
That is correct.
At least one of them.
We haven't confirmed the other one yet.
We're not sure.
To my knowledge, at least 33.3 repeating percent of them are in fact Australian.
And in case of emergency, you can find that on iTunes.
Just search in case of emergency.
Oh, you guys want to talk about Rap Zone?
Yeah, Griffin.
Tell us all about Rap Zone.
Well, Rap Zone is a new podcast.
It's not comedy based.
There's nothing funny about rhyme.
Like rhyme will come up with rhyme battles when you're battling
and you have to rhyme somebody really fast.
So Rap Zone is like my podcast.
It's like an advice show, I guess.
People like calling and ask their rap questions and I advise them.
That sounds great.
Now, can people find that on the Zoom marketplace?
They can't.
You have to hack into my sub network on Linux.
It's more of a private chat.
If you're a Linux user, I can send you my FTP.
And if you see Griffin in public,
he'll just give you a jazz disc that has the show on it.
Yeah.
And a jazz cigarette.
Everybody has a jazz player, right?
Yeah.
I also want to say, while we're congratulating people,
I want to give one more shout out to Chapman Cara
because her Twitter icon is her wearing a shirt of ours
in front of a poster of ours.
And it makes me happy.
Thank you.
And we haven't mentioned it in a while,
but go check out all the other wonderful Max Fun shows
if you haven't yet.
Especially, it's brand new.
It's our newest one, Throwing Shade.
If you haven't checked it out yet,
it's every episode is consistently awesome.
What's great about Throwing Shade is that
they're only like 30 episodes in.
You can like listen to all of them.
And then you can be caught up.
Do you guys realize how hard it is to stay up on a podcast?
Like, and have it all listened to?
It's basically impossible.
Yeah.
But you can do it now.
Get on board.
Get on the Throwing Shade train
because goddamn, it's the funniest.
You've earned it.
So that is our show.
We really hope you enjoyed it.
And we hope you will come back.
Subscribe to us on iTunes and stuff.
If you don't already.
Which, how are you getting it?
You piece of shit.
Justin just dropped.
Oh no, Justin.
Justin just dropped a copy paste of an Amazon receipt
for a Fushigi Magic Gravity Ball.
You son of a bitch.
And it comes with a CD.
Is it the ball and CD-ROM?
I think it's a combo.
God, I hope so.
If I just get the CD-ROM, I'm gonna be very put out.
You could use Apple, maybe.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Tom Powell or Thom Powell.
Thank you, Tom Pom.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Frank, who asks,
why are there so many gay Burger King commercials?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Just go wear out the lips.
Keep your heart, Three Stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart, Three Stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three Stacks, these girls are smart.
Play your part.
