The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, and welcome to my brother, my brother, and me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
This is your baby brother, Griffin McElroy. Are we really doing the intro?
Uh, baby, uh, Griffin, don't sew yourself short. Baby brother and mouth sounds aficionado.
Okay, but it's just like, I sometimes I say things when we're like scrambling to think of
an introduction, and then there's an earned period of astonished silence,
and then we decide to do something else. But you guys are sure you want this one?
Well, Griffin, why don't you walk it out, take this horse out for a trot, and see how she gallops?
Let's hop in. Let's check out the mileage on this bad boy. I was just telling the fellas,
and there's a lot going on. Oscar's politics, and this is the one we decided to do.
Yeah, roll it out.
Other ones aren't funny. This one's funny.
Well, I got this new mouth noise I can make that I just found out about.
Let's hear it.
And you know, I've made such a big deal out of it now that I'm almost certain
I'm not going to be able to do it again, and that's going to be hugely embarrassing for me.
Oh, absolutely.
All right, here goes nothing.
Now, Griffin, as you pointed out before we started recording, this is an audio medium.
Could you describe visually what we might be seeing watching you?
Well, it would be impressive. You'd see just sort of my left cheek
convulsing wildly as I created a sort of wet sort of meat slap sound
of my cheek against, nope, see, it's hard to do it sometimes.
Griffin, if you were doing Foley, what would you say that this sound is?
Because I would say that this sound is recreating perhaps a nude person with a penis skydiving.
Yeah, just sort of flipping and flapping around in the wind.
Yeah, this is it, isn't it, guys? This is the last thing to joke about.
Yeah, this is, we've joked about all the other things, we've done jokes about all other things,
this is the last thing we haven't done jokes about.
It says right here, 499, then it just says Griffin mouth sound.
Yeah, I mean, it might be juice, but can I say something?
That sounds like the jealousy talking that you can't do this.
No, it seems like this is the end of it.
Justin, can you see the mouth sounds?
I gotta say juice green's not a great color on you, bud.
Nope, that's not it at all. Nope, that's not it either.
I can kind of hum and whistle at the same time.
No, that's not anything, we've done that one before.
Episode 302 is all about Travis's whistling noise.
Justin learned how to do that funny clicking noise back in 103,
like this is the last sound, Justin's got a point here.
I'm not saying it's the last sound, I'm saying this is the last joke.
Joke, this is the last one, and I mean, it's not even,
we used a lot of our best material early on and that's fine, but this is it.
Yeah, I think it sounds like the inside of a cat while it's purring,
you know what I mean, like if you could really hear in it.
Or maybe a thin steak in front of a high-powered fan.
That's a good one, yeah, or like, yeah, that's probably what it is.
Well, okay, wait, Griffin, I'm gonna set it up like this is an old-timey radio drama,
and you just cue the noise when you think I'm setting you up, you ready?
Yeah, all right.
Hold on, Justin, if you want to play along in the bit, too,
and play in the space with your two brothers who are out on the playground
and having a lot of fun together.
My mouth hurts, I have a sore on my mouth, okay?
We've all got fucking sores on our mouths, Justin.
You can be maybe the femme fatale in this radio drama I'm creating.
Just play, we just want to fucking play with you, dude,
because you're our brother and our co-host.
Okay, all right, let's get the drama started.
I'll do the opening narration, okay?
Well, starting out like any other day in my detective office that I have,
and I pop my feet up on the desk, and there he was in the doorway,
making a sound that sounded like this.
I can't do it if I'm smiling.
Okay, Justin, I'm sorry, hey, pause, time out real quick.
I just ramped up to it, Trav.
I know, but Justin, maybe you've never listened to radio dramas before.
Rarely is the fully set up as now listen to a character make a noise.
That's actually bullshit.
There's a lot of those radio dramas where it's like,
and the clumping of hooves was very loud, and it was like this.
That's fair, Justin, but you've proved my point,
because what you did not say is then someone walked in
making a sound like the clumping of hooves.
No, they were making this sound.
My newest client at Slim Leeds Detective Agency.
Oh, I like that.
If you let me get to it, it was the good name of it,
and that was my next client.
Let me please pick the audio drama back up,
and yes, this is going to last the entire episode before you ask aloud.
Are you going to say something about wet jerky to establish the sound?
I think that would be good.
Hey, can I see if I can do it with my right cheek?
Yeah.
Nope, I can't.
No, that's much more of a broken down jalopy.
Can we start doing the show?
Is that enough-
If Travis, if Griffin making these bizarro horse noises
is making the hair on the back of your neck stand up,
we call that nay SMR.
Oh no, that's the last joke.
That was the last joke, if one might even call it that.
So there he was making the sound, see, with his voice,
and he said, I have a case for, well, no, you would say to Slim Leads.
Hey, I've got a case for you.
I do, hold on, and my dog is sick.
And also, hey, I'm here, the guy who set up the radio drama.
I guess I'm sweeping the floor outside the hallway.
We've been talking to the casting director on this one.
Yeah, but I'm the casting director.
Sure, but this happens a lot in this business,
is that you got boxed out a little bit.
Damn it, I can't believe I cut myself out of this.
It's your look, honestly, Trav, it's just not right for this one.
We had Justin come in and sometimes an actor just really takes a role-
Because he was supposed to play the femme fatale
and he took over, I was gonna be the detective.
He took over, yeah, he's got the look.
Yeah.
What were these two talking about?
I couldn't make a hill of beans out of it.
He's so in it, he's so fucking in it.
I didn't know what this had to do with me,
but I could smell mystery was the case.
He's good.
So what brings you to Slim Leeds, huh?
Cigarette, cigarette, cigarette.
Hey, what's our first question?
All right, here's my first question.
What brings you in, what's the case?
I'm ready to get cracking.
You know, in retrospect, I don't think I sent out the questions.
Tough guy, huh?
Playing tough.
Oh my God.
I'm about to send out a few questions.
Here's my first one.
Ah, you just punched, you punched me in the mouth.
That's not a question at all.
Yeah, a little chin question.
And you, you, the smart looking one over there.
You're giving me a hug.
Now I'm hugging you again.
Oh, oh, I feel better.
It's less threatening now.
Oh, it's so nice.
Yeah, see?
Unconscious guy on the floor, snap out of it.
Oh, the noise persists.
Hey, it's me, the Plumber Gamer.
You gotta call a bunch of pipes, make it a funny noise.
I can't do it anymore.
I formed this callus on my cheek
that's made it impossible to make the noise.
I'm gonna read the first question, if Justin does it.
I don't have the questions.
I just sent them.
Justin, there's a lively security officer at my office
who walks around and has a rhyming nickname for everything
like Mrs. Brown from downtown or Mr. John who's rocking on.
I got too depressed by this person to continue
with the great character of Slim Leads,
but Slim Leads will return later in the podcast at some time.
That's a breakout, we might have to do a spinoff.
When they come to me, they just say,
hey, Zach, I don't have any beef with the security officer
and I've been here for over six months.
What can I do to get a great nickname
that's from default name in DC?
Yeah, there's not a lot of words that rhyme with Zach.
Yep, Zach Jack Nicholson.
Here comes a sack full of Zach snacks.
There's a lot of good ones that you could do.
So you want this to happen to you?
Hey, you want this?
You want to be Nut-Zach like you want that?
Griffin, why would that be it?
The other one or Mrs. Brown from downtown
and John who's got it going on and Nut-Zach.
He clearly doesn't like you.
So if I say, hey, I want a nickname too,
he's gonna be like, okay, Nut-Zach.
And then he's gonna give you Nuggy
and that's not gonna be any good.
I don't know why you would want that.
I don't, I had a gym teacher that called me macaroni
and I fucking hated that dude.
Yeah, dude, I used to get that, it's the worst.
I think that this security guard
has come up with mnemonic devices
to remember people that he thinks
or they think are shady.
So maybe Zach just seems like a real upstanding individual
and the security guard's not worried
about remembering anything about Zach.
Or he's the only Zach.
Zach, and he's not, I don't want to call you Zach,
Zach, the only Zach.
Right.
The prime Zach.
Either one of those are great nicknames.
If I was called Zach, Zach, the only Zach,
I would love that.
That'd be good.
That would be good.
There's a lot of, and you know what, Zach?
You really should count your blessings
because there's probably a lot of people
that can't even, that aren't eligible
for this treatment.
Poor Exemplet.
There's a Philip.
What are you going to do with that?
Yep.
Here comes Philip.
Philip the Tank.
There's nothing that you can do with that.
So you should at least celebrate
that you could one day earn a Nutsac.
Hey Griffin, did my microphone cut out
when I said Philip the Tank?
I'm just making sure because I thought
that was a really good one
and you didn't acknowledge it at all
and I thought maybe my microphone
might've gone staticky for a minute.
No, I just didn't think it was funny.
Philip the Tank, right?
Because it sounds like you would fill up a tank.
It might just be a brain thing
that I've got going on.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Zach Braff.
Now maybe it is Zach Braff.
Zach Braff, did you write us a question?
That's why he doesn't need to nickname
because it would be absolutely wild
to think that he wouldn't instantly recognize
the star of Alex Inc and Scrubs.
Hey, can I fucking lay it out on the line
for you here, Zachary?
You don't know his name.
You wicked don't know the security officer's name
or else you wouldn't have called him
this security officer.
So that's for damn sure.
Okay Griffin, though, counterpoint.
Zach wouldn't have written an email
that was like, hey, there's this guy Ted
who doesn't know my name.
He's not gonna dox this poor fool.
But there'll be so cavalier
about Ms. Brown from downtown.
I'm just saying you don't know
the security officer's name.
If you do say their name is Craig.
You can just be like, Craig, Craig,
to the bitter dregs.
And then you know that you're safe
to play with.
Oh, so maybe you're going to initiate play.
You gotta start the play
in a safe, comfortable place
so that Craig feels safe to play.
I like that.
Hey, can I do a Yahoo?
I wish you would.
This one was sent in by Emma Cant.
Thank you, Emma.
It's Yahoo Answers user Noah who asks,
is Buzz Aldrin allowed to climb
into the exhibits in the Air and Space Museum?
If Buzz Aldrin wanted to go
to the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum
in Washington, DC
and climb into the original Apollo 11 capsule
that they have on display,
could the museum staff stop him?
Regular people can't do this in museums,
but he's the whole reason it's in the museum
in the first place.
This question also applies to other situations
like if Leonardo da Vinci was alive
and he went to the Louvre,
and took the Mona Lisa off the wall
and walked out with it,
could he do that?
Okay, now these are two different questions.
These are two different questions.
Wildly different questions.
Unless once Buzz Aldrin got inside
the Apollo 11 capsule
and he blasted off with it out of the museum
to take it to his backyard
where he would charge children $5
to climb inside and experience a space adventure.
I don't think that that's the same thing though.
Now, could Buzz Aldrin go in
and just take a moon rock?
Was it his?
This is my gift to you,
I'm gonna take this back now.
I let you all hold my moon rock for a while,
but I need it for a project at school.
Was that an option?
Do you think that he had like one for them
and he had like another one
bolting out of his space pocket
and he's like, no, this one's for Buzz.
I wanna keep this weird moon rock for myself.
Okay, first of all,
Buzz Aldrin would swallow it
if he was trying to smuggle it, come on.
Yeah, that's true.
And that's how he became Moon Man.
Now, great hero.
Here's why I think these are two wildly different questions.
Because if Leonardo da Vinci was alive today,
I think he could do whatever the fuck you wanted.
Yeah.
Right, he's Leonardo da Vinci,
maybe a zombie,
but at the very least,
he's Leonardo da Vinci
and he's like 800 years old or whatever.
Right.
Right, Buzz Aldrin.
He's only 90, so.
Right.
Nice try.
I don't think,
like, do you think,
like say Tom Banksy,
the street artist,
walked into your museum and said,
that's mine, give it back?
No, okay, but this is foolishness
and I'm gonna curtail it right now
because we're not talking about stealing.
Thank God.
I've been to the Air and Space Museum,
it's pretty radical.
You go there,
you see these big spaceships
and there's only like one of them
that they let you actually like get in.
Yes, and it doesn't go anywhere.
It doesn't fucking go anywhere,
you can't touch the steering wheel
or the go pedals,
like it's dog shit,
but whatever,
like it's the closest you get
to that big, beautiful, starry sky.
But if you're Buzz Aldrin
and it's your essentially space car
that you drove to outer space
and landed on the fucking moon?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I do not see,
I do not see,
okay, putting aside the question of legality,
is there anyone working
at the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum
that would have the fucking gall
to say, hey, Buzz Aldrin?
Get out of the rocket ship, Buzz.
No, and I can tell you right now,
all Buzz Aldrin would have to do
is to say,
while looking in the eye of this person,
I'm allowed to do this.
I can do this.
Smithsonian said I could do this.
And you would say,
I don't even think you would need
to invoke the name of Smithsonian,
I think you could just say,
I'm allowed to do this.
And no living human being would say,
no, you're not, Buzz Aldrin.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm not stealing it.
I left my wallet in here
back in like 1969
when I plonked this shit down
on the lunar surface.
So like-
Bad news, you little dipshit.
I gotta go back.
I promised.
I promised the moon lords.
Oh, I didn't, shit.
I should have mentioned that actually.
I checked the book out from the moon library
and I need to return it.
The fines are piling up.
You can use any excuse.
And that's why you don't have to use any,
I don't think,
because they're just gonna assume
you have moon books
that you need to return
or something like that.
Yeah, they're just gonna assume
you gotta hanker in for some moon chow.
We are telling a lot of fun jokes
about the moon and space right now,
but I do not believe
there's somebody working at that museum
that would tell 90 year old Buzz Aldrin
to get the fuck out of the spaceship.
This is what I'm saying.
Yeah, but you are gonna need a CID, right?
Cause you probably have a grip of old men
trying to get in that rocket all the time.
You're gonna need a CID on that.
I'm Buzz Aldrin.
I heard you.
Haunted Doll Watch.
Hi, Haunted Doll Watch.
What do you think about that?
I feel good about it.
It's been a little bit bum bum.
In sort of our,
the closest we're gonna get to a haunted doll
named after our show, Bum Bum.
Oh, okay.
I didn't know.
I thought that you had just sort of said
like a fun little onomatopoetic sort of like,
like a drum leading us into the bit.
It's called Bum Bum?
I thought it was like a news sound,
like bum bum bum, like that.
This one's called Bum Bum?
Okay, is this Tom Green's Haunted Doll or what's up?
No, he's Bum Bum,
the haunted clown doll vessel.
Super freaky.
And I have a, actually, before I get into this,
I do wanna ask you guys,
there's nine bids.
There's 26 minutes left.
What's the highest bid?
What do you think, 1750?
That's not bad.
Should I try to get in here?
Well, let's hear the descriptors.
We have time to read.
Okay.
Give us the info.
We'll make a decision at the end.
This is like a,
we've turned this into a reality show.
Yeah, we can play along at home.
God, don't even.
Bum Bum, the haunted clown doll vessel.
You're purchasing a tangible doll.
Okay.
He is a 21 inch plush doll.
Meet Bum Bum, the haunted clown doll.
Can I, we've done a lot of haunted dolls.
Is this our first plush haunted doll?
Usually they are like a porcelain.
Porcelain, yeah, creepier.
This one's pretty bad though.
This one's pretty creepy.
So Bum Bum is a haunted clown doll.
And here's the description.
I know this will sound so weird,
but I can honestly not tell you
where in the world this doll came from.
Okay.
Good story.
I have asked everyone that comes in and out of my house,
if they brought it and put it in my office as a joke
and everyone denies it.
I bet you're fun.
I bet you're a fun person to talk to.
Excuse me, do you have a second?
I have a couple of questions for you.
I don't know how we got here.
That's what it says.
Oh, okay.
Not how he got here.
I don't know how we got here.
Neither do I.
Trisha, neither do I.
But I definitely want to get rid of him.
Okay.
I think he may have been passed around a lot.
He is not.
I don't enjoy that verbiage at all.
He is not in perfect condition as you can see from the pics.
Take that, Bum Bum.
Someone has rode Bum Bum hard and put him down wet.
Yeah.
Bum Bum has had what I would describe as a challenging life.
Bum Bum is not in perfect condition.
I have given him, or the spirit that resides in him,
the name Bum Bum.
Because I hate him.
I named it because I want to be murdered in my sleep.
I named him that because in the middle of the night,
I will hear a sort of chanting and a very low weird voice saying
Bum Bum Bum Bum Bum Bum Bum Bum Bum and then laughter.
So fucking maybe Tom Green actually.
Yeah.
This is like why our son's original name was Guh.
Just because that's the sound he likes to make
and that's how names do work sometimes.
Yeah.
Because almost every morning when I come down into my office,
he is on top of one of my other dolls.
Do you have any kids in your house, Mayhaps?
He has also pushed things off the shelf
and has made strange laughing sounds when I'm not in the room.
Well, you didn't call him ha ha, did you?
No.
And also made strange laughing sounds
is maybe the wildest way of saying laughs.
Like we're just, okay, not an efficiency of language.
I honestly don't think my other spirits like him very much.
Oh.
I just need to be honest about that.
Wait, hold on.
I honestly don't think my other spirits like him very much.
I just need to be honest about that.
Finally.
Let me get this off my chest.
Yeah, he seems like kind of a predator.
I don't really enjoy Bum Bum.
I can see Trisha doesn't either.
I'm guessing that if you had time to spend with him
and figure out what the backstory of the spirit that resides in him is,
then he probably would settle down and act better.
Yeah, Trisha, it sounds like you're taking
some pretty fucking big logical leaps
to get this thing out of your house, huh?
I also, I love it in these haunted dolls
when you can see where the seller remembered
like they're trying to sell something
where they're like, yeah, this doll really blew out.
Do you want someone to buy this?
You know, if you really took the time with Bum Bum,
I bet he'd come around and be a great friend.
A great friend.
At this time, I have too many dolls
and cannot spend enough time with all of them.
I hear that though.
I hear that.
That's a tough, that's a tough scenario.
Most of these dolls do not need so much attention,
but for him to settle down, he will need it.
Handle with care.
And then it has a thing about-
This is fake bullshit.
This is fake bullshit.
Now here's what's up.
1750.
Let me go ahead and crank $20 down on it
and you all can tell me when, okay.
That was not high enough.
I've been instantly outbid.
I can do 24, 25, 26.
What do y'all think?
I think you should do 26
because frankly, Cooper's birthday's coming up.
Outbid.
Damn it, 30.
So, wow.
People, you think 30?
Don't let Bum Bum slip through your fingers.
Cut your losses, Juice.
30, no.
I've been outbid again.
I am driving up the price of this.
Yes.
This doll.
$36?
Yes, that got it.
What are you gonna-
Oh wait, I don't want it.
Oh no.
Well, looks like we got ourselves a new mascot.
That was so fast.
It should be here before our show in Cincinnati.
Okay.
So I can throw it into the crowd.
Throw Bum Bum out there into the crowd.
I'm just gonna raise my maximum bid
because now I really want him.
$5,000.
Your eBay just emailed me.
Your bid's winning now,
but watch out for competition for Bum Bum.
The haunted club doll vessel's super freaky.
He is super freaky.
He's a nasty little doll.
He's a nasty little nasty boy.
And you don't take home the mother.
So I just raised that bid one more time.
Now I feel comfortable.
I still want to get an email during the show
that's like Bum Bum is gone
and I have to interrupt the entire show.
How's the show going?
Bum Bum died.
You and your brother's telling fun jokes.
You'll never see Bum Bum again.
I miss Bum Bum already.
Can you read the next question?
It'll get the taste of Bum Bum.
I love that, Griff.
I work at Dunkin' Donuts.
They put donuts in parentheses.
Have the strength of your convictions.
You're just called Dunkin' now.
And I have many customers that I see every day.
One of my regulars is a guy,
maybe late twenties, that smells really fucking good.
Every time he walks in,
the whole store suddenly smells better.
How do I compliment him on his good smell
without it being weird?
Could I at least ask him where slash how
he got this good smell?
That's from good smells in the Smoky Mountains.
I recently got a new cologne
from a service that kind of tells you
what cologne would be good for you.
And I'm not gonna fucking name them
because they didn't pay,
but like basically I did this.
And the first day I put it on,
I was signing my daughter in at school
and there was several parents gathered around
and one of the moms walked up
and was like, hmm, somebody smells good.
And this woman next to me has the fucking audacity.
Has the sheer gall to announce
that it's probably her body splash.
Is it Trisha?
Is it probably your body splash?
It sniped your stink, bruh.
Wow.
Is this, or is it the fucking heat
I am bringing today with my new perfect stink?
No, it's not you.
It's not your body splash.
It's my amazing aroma.
The point of this is I knew that compliment was for me
and my ego dined off of it for the rest of the week,
just feeling like a cool, good smelling person.
I think, J-Man, I think that that was
a win-win scenario for you
because I think everyone knows it wasn't her
and everyone knows it was you.
So not only did you smell great, she sounded bad.
Yeah, that's great.
I would argue that if somebody walks into a room
and changes the entire aroma dynamic of that chamber,
it doesn't matter how good or bad that smell is.
I think that smell is probably too assertive.
Especially a bakery.
A bakery has its own cologne.
Well, are we calling Dunkin' a bakery?
I mean, it is a lowercase b bakery.
Very stuffed, baked there.
Is that, do you know that to be true?
I don't think you do.
I don't, I don't.
Now that you mention it, I assume so.
Something's baked there.
I'm sure I've seen an oven for my sandwiches.
So let's just try a few things, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
Hey, that smells good.
Is that you?
Nope, nope.
Why not?
I don't think you say that smells good.
Hey, what's that good smell?
Is that you?
Hey, Choice Aroma.
Ooh, that's getting closer.
Why don't you just say that?
Just say it, folks.
YOLO.
Just tell somebody they smell fucking good.
Okay, let me try something.
Let me try something.
What cologne are you wearing?
It smells great.
Uh, presumptuous.
What is your scent?
That's bad.
You obviously know that you've ramped into a bad sort of-
Tell me about your musk.
That's-
Enumerate your musk.
Let's play a fun game, and we'll-
You've got a lot of great notes.
Let's try and say an innocuous thing in a terrible way,
or a terrible thing in an innocuous way.
I don't think either one is gonna get you there.
Okay, let me try.
All right, this is gonna sound a little weird,
but I would love to eat your smell.
Now, which one was that, Justin?
Yeah.
Okay.
So obviously, don't say that.
Let me try this.
Is someone wearing perfume?
Yummy!
Is not gonna get you there either.
No.
Hey, I was just huffing what you're bringing, and I love it.
Hey, can you walk a little closer?
I'd love to get another huff.
Ooh, I like that.
I think what we're hitting on is it is intensely personal
to comment on another person's aroma, right?
Yeah, but-
It's intensely personal.
Unless-
Unless-
Unless-
They wouldn't put on an odor that waffable
if they didn't want to get waffed.
I don't know that that checks out.
If you walk into a room and change the scent matrix of that room-
Right, which you shouldn't be doing.
You put on a scent hoping it will be detected by others.
Yeah.
I tell you this, sometimes I'll get ready in the morning, and I shower,
and maybe I put on a little lotion afterwards, and I'm feeling very cute,
and then I go to join my family, and my daughter says,
you smell great, and that makes you feel nice.
Yeah, she's a child though.
But here's what I'm saying.
Maybe the problem is you do not have a previous relationship with this customer.
Maybe you smell great needs to not be the first thing you say to them.
Yeah.
So you're saying you develop a relationship
so you have a pretext for complimenting their smell.
Correct.
That seems backwards to me.
Wow, that's weird.
I'm not saying you date for six months before you do it.
I'm saying maybe it's not the first thing you say.
Maybe it's like, hey, thanks for stopping by.
It's good to see you again.
If I could get some people to co-sign my legislation
mandating that the only smell people are allowed to put on their body
is Old Spice's Pure Sport, the default smell for human beings,
we wouldn't be running into that situation.
We would be working at Dunkin' and someone would come in and be like,
who smells like Old Spice Pure Sport?
And everybody will crane their necks.
Why that's me, because legally,
the only smell you're allowed to have is Old Spice Pure Sport.
I have some challenging news here.
Nobody wants to get behind this with me.
I'm not giving fucking free plugs to anybody.
It's 2020.
I'm going to fill my life with Laughter and Love
and fill my wallet with that fucking advertising dollar.
And get down to business.
And no, you can't.
You shan't, you can't.
I have a troubling alert.
There's 13 minutes left in the race for Bum Bum
as I've come to think of it.
And now, Bum Bum, I've been watching the bidding price creep steadily up
to just refreshing the page and it keeps jumping up by twos
as someone tries to get to what my reserve is.
And it's 66, 68, and now I've seen it go to 70.
And now, now we're at 72 and they're just fucking chilling.
And I'm so, somebody wants this fucking doll terribly.
And Justin, what's your reserve?
They want it terribly.
What's the reserve?
That's not the important thing.
The important thing is that it's for the bid.
That's huge.
There's someone with a W at the beginning of their username.
And they just bid.
I'm looking at the history of this now.
60, 62, 65, 67, 69, nice, 71.
And I'm still sitting pretty.
And apparently at 71, they're like, that's too much for this.
Too rich for my blood.
Here's the thing that is tripping me out about this.
I want to talk about right now.
If you're going to bid $71 for a very bad doll,
you believe that it is haunted with a ghost, correct?
Right.
You must on some level, unless you're doing a competing podcast,
let's rule that out.
You must on some level believe this is a doll with a ghost inside it, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, so what is it in your psyche where you're like,
I'll buy a ghost for $71, but I'm not going to buy a ghost for $73.
That's too much.
Well, Justin, I'll tell you, I've been doing a lot of budgeting.
And I think the problem is we're only halfway through the month.
And they're worried that they're going to use up all of their haunted
toy budget early on in the month.
And then at the end of the month, they're going to see something
they really want for $73 and oh, no, they don't have it left in the budget.
Relatable.
Speaking of budgets, let's go to the money zone.
Yeah, I'm going to need to go to the money zone
after I just raise this fucking reserve again.
I'm going to brush those teeth.
Now let's talk because I was excited about mine.
Okay, what was yours?
Because it's probably better than mine.
Going to brush those teeth with Quip.
So that's like saying that's like me planting my flag in the ground.
Like, hey, everybody.
Oh, okay.
Can I try mine?
Yeah, sure.
You got to Quip it.
Quip it good.
Ah, shit.
That's pretty good.
I feel like they were both good.
You take this then.
Since I just want to get a hand on the ball.
Justin, you want to?
I put my hand up on your hip.
When I Quip, you Quip, we Quip.
It's pretty good.
Fuck, I think that's the end of the ad.
Thanks Quip.
Quip, it's tooth.
Quip, it's tooth is pretty fucking good, man.
I Quip my hair back and forth.
I Quip my hair back and forth.
These people make toothbrushes.
Yeah, can you believe it?
What?
In this day and age, the audacity.
These are toothbrushes with electricity in it.
That's right, the stuff from Lightning and they do it for two minutes.
It's got sensitive sonic vibrations with a built-in timer and 30 second pulses.
Are there tiny people in there who are shaking the toothbrush?
We don't know.
The science isn't back yet.
Is the electricity hurting the little toothbrush people?
Probably, but your teeth are going to be so clean.
Your mouth so fresh.
Go to getquip.com slash my brother right now.
Get your first refill for free.
That's a new stand in defiance of God and hold electricity in your hand
and let it touch your teeth.
Quip is the Prometheus of tooth brushing.
You will harness the power of the cosmos.
Go to getquip.com slash my brother and that's Quip.
That is the Good Habits Company.
Hold on just one second.
I need to email Max Fun and just figure out when we're going to reschedule
this ad that we're going to have to make up for Quip.
If you just give me a second.
Oh, you know what?
I don't have to email him.
I can send a letter because sending a letter can be as easy as sending an email
when you can do it at home.
Fuck off.
With stamps.com.
What?
You know, it could be if you got a busy day ahead of you
and maybe you don't have time to get to the post office.
Well, good news.
You can do the stamps for yourself.
Everybody do the stamps.
With stamps.com, you can save five cents off every first class stamp
and up to 40% off shipping rates.
That kind of savings really adds up, especially for small businesses.
If there's a business listening to this, hello.
Hi, business.
Hi, business.
You sentient weirdo.
Why are you listening to podcasts?
Get back to earning capital.
Stamps.com brings all the services of the US Postal Service right to your computer.
Whether you're a small office sending invoices, that's impossible.
You can't be a small office and a person listening to a podcast.
It just doesn't make sense.
It's that small an office, Justin.
The office is inside one person.
You don't need me for this.
It's a computer that lets you print stamps, okay?
Oh no, don't give it away.
Stamps.com, it's a website that does stamp.
Right now, our listeners can get a special offer that includes a four-week trial
plus free postage and a digital scale without any long-term commitment.
Except the commitment of telling people it's not for drugs
every time they see it at your house.
That is a commitment you are making.
Just go to stamps.com, click on the microphone at the top of the homepage,
and type in my brother.
That's stamps.com.
Enter my brother.
Hey, everyone.
It's I, John Hodgman of the Judge John Hodgman podcast.
And I, Elliott Kalin of the Flophouse podcast.
And we've made a whole new podcast.
A 12-episode special miniseries called iPodius,
in which we recap, discuss, and explore
the very famous 1976 BBC miniseries about ancient Rome called I, Claudius.
We've got incredible guests such as Gillian Jacobs, Paul F. Tompkins,
as well as star of I, Claudius, Sir Patrick Stewart,
and his son, non-sir Daniel Stewart.
Don't worry, Dan, you'll get there someday.
iPodius is the name of the show.
Every week from Maximumfun.org for only 12 weeks.
Get them at Maximumfun.org or wherever you get your podcasts.
Reach for the stars.
Oh, okay.
I got scared there for a minute.
No, it's the only one of my bits that's any fun.
Reach for the stars.
I'm going to give you reviews from the service Amazon.
I'm going to tell you the number of stars in the review,
and you're going to try to guess the product.
Okay.
Now, this is one out of five stars.
The subject line is dirty and looked used.
I bought this as a gift for a friend.
She liked the thought,
but when she opened it from the shipping package,
it was dirty, sticky, and looked gross.
I wish I had opened it first
because I would maybe have been able to clean it up
and make it look new.
Hmm.
See, I was going to say some sort of funny prop, like a fake.
Well, hold on, I feel like my best bet here
is to always lead with fake poopy of some kind.
So I'll start with that.
I will say along that vein,
you are in the right ballpark.
These are all gag gifts.
Okay.
I'm just saying this bit's going to get awfully easy
if it's always fake poopy or throw up or pee pee.
It's not always going to be fake poopy or throw up.
They're just, the reviews for them are so good.
X-ray specs?
Oh, good guess, good guess.
Okay, this next one, there's another one out of five stars.
Subject line, not cute.
I bought this for a gag gift, but it wasn't funny.
It was just ugly.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Maybe like a nasty face?
Like a mask that makes your face look like a nasty face.
Faked teeth?
Like funny fake teeth?
Ooh, that's a good guess.
Okay, one more.
One out of five stars.
Hollow plastic, not durable.
Got it for a gag gift for the wife.
Knocked it off the counter before ever using it and it broke.
The plastic is hollow and is not durable for drops and use.
With wine, dot dot dot, things will be dropped, dot dot dot, eventually.
Okay, wait, okay.
Is it a giant novelty wine glass?
No.
Damn.
Is a wine glass by the slope kind of supposed to be a wiener?
Oh, so close, Griffin.
It is the Sir Perky novelty bottle stopper, where the stopper is his penis.
Shit.
So it's like a guy, but his dick's out and he fucks your wine to keep it fresh?
Correct.
So someone got that and they're like, this isn't cute.
I don't know what I was doing.
Now, this isn't cute.
This next product, I normally tend to stick to the one star reviews or the five star reviews,
but I found a new plethora of fun in the three out of five star reviews.
The nice middle of the road.
This is three out of five stars.
Not sure how good it is going to be.
What?
Is that it?
Yep.
Three stars, not sure how good it is going to be.
Uh huh.
Okay.
This is a kind of preemptive review.
Right.
There's literally nothing I could use.
A preview, if you will.
Uh, this one's another three out of five stars.
Subject line, nah.
And the text is, nah.
You know we can't guess it from these clues.
Oh, I know.
Don't worry.
I've got one at the end here, but here's another one.
This is another three out of five.
Subject line, fair.
The text, not a bad product.
So kind of the perfect three out of five star review.
It's not bad.
That's like life minutes you don't get back.
You know what I mean?
I'll be like, I sort of like this.
Okay, I'm going to go let everyone know.
I'm going to go spread the word.
Now, this one I think is going to give it away.
This is a four out of five star.
Uh, bought this and it's going to give it away because it says what it is in the review.
But I like the direction the end of the review takes.
Bought this for a random gift exchange with friends.
Cute, easy to use, held up well over multiple uses in the microwave, and enjoyable for most
people who love s'mores, even when not camping or near a fire.
Otherwise unnecessary.
Just use a plate on top of the s'more on top of another plate.
So prevent the marshmallow from pumping up too much rather than melting properly.
Is this a microwavable s'more maker?
That is Craig's.
But this person just chose to just undermine the whole industry by giving away the secret of
just use another plate on top of it.
Yeah, wait a minute.
You don't need this.
No one needs this.
Wait a minute, what am I doing?
What are any of us doing?
Oh, how about another question?
Yeah, how about a yahoo actually?
Whoa.
Oh, sure.
I have a hole in the armpit of my sweater that I've just found.
Oh, is this the yahoo?
No, this is just like my day.
I got it, by the way.
I didn't want anybody to know, but I got it.
Cincinnati, Bum Bum is coming for you.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
This is my home where I live.
Yeah, well, now Bum Bum moves there too, because I'm going to hide him somewhere.
The rafters of the city.
Are you ripping your shirt open like the Hulk?
What did you do?
Did you just live on camera destroy your shirt?
Griffin has now, boy, I'm glad I'm recording this call.
Griffin has now ripped his shirt sleeve off.
He's ripped his shirt sleeve off and is flexing for us.
Which one do you guys want?
The bear barracuda here?
Or this guy that's still in a big, long sweater sleeve.
What are my options again?
Griffin, why did you ruin your sweater just now?
What are my options again?
Do you want this guy?
You know what you're going to get when you go through this door.
This door, you don't know.
Maybe it's weaker.
It has to be weaker than this one, because this one's fucking huge, but maybe it's not, right?
Right, yeah, that's true.
I'm half intimidated right now.
Good, you should be.
The sweater was already ruined.
It had a huge hole in the armpit, and that's no good for me.
Here's a, I got to get this big, intimidating picture of Buzz Aldrin off my fucking screen.
Okay, here's a Yahoo.
This one was sent in by Michelle.
Thank you, Michelle.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Carol, who asks, as I turn my video off,
Willard, you like pine cones more if they were alive and could crawl around.
Huh, huh.
You know, okay, I have been looking for a way to like pine cones more.
Yeah, I don't, I don't dislike pine cones.
I certainly wouldn't say, like, if we were walking through a pine forest,
somebody pointed at one of these little spiky bastards on the ground and said,
do you like that, I think I would probably say, like, yeah, it's fine.
I'm pretty, I'm pretty, like.
It's okay.
Yeah, now, smear one in peanut butter, roll it in bird seed, hang it up on my porch.
I love the thing.
Who's that ever, who's that been for?
I've seen, I've done that before, I think.
I did that at like a church camp almost certainly at some point,
but like, even when I was doing it, I was like, who's this for?
Like, is a deer going to come eat this?
It's for birdies, for birds.
Do birds like peanut butter?
That's wild.
I think the, I think the peanut butter is just a means of conveyance
for the bird seed treat.
Right.
I, I, we had a bird feeder out back of the house
and we had to get a little ladder and we filled it up, right?
Was the little ladder for the birds, Justin?
Cause they have wings.
These fucking birds ate it in 24 hours.
So then it was just like, I had this moment where I was like, I'm not going to fill,
these, these guys are obviously starving.
And also I'm not going to get into this fucking codependent relationship
where I am like every 24 hours getting out the ladder to go feed these birds.
And before you tweeted me, yeah, it might've been squirrels.
I don't monitor it.
Okay.
They're the same to Justin.
It's the same outdoors animal to Justin essentially.
Here's the problem.
This is the problem with bird feeders in general.
And I'm sorry to get up on my soapbox again about this,
but I am providing food for one of like the top three
most important things for living beings.
And I guess maybe they're helping with, I don't know,
pollination or bugs or whatever, but I don't notice that.
They don't bring your newspaper.
They don't pick up your newspaper and fly it in.
They certainly aren't making you fucking dresses
so that you can go to the ball.
That's some bullshit.
And I fast them.
Yeah, that's some bullshit.
Holly was trying to shove down our throats.
And here's the thing.
I feed my kids.
They do cool stuff.
I feed my dogs.
They do cool stuff.
Feed my cat.
She sometimes lets me pet her.
What's this bird bringing to the table?
Then I'm going out there.
I'm getting it seed.
Yeah.
What do you want a bird to bring to a table, Travis?
Like a scrap of hair?
A small twig?
I read about these birds who are bringing shiny rings
and lost camera lenses and stuff back to people.
Where's my army of birds?
So let's, I mean, I've had some time to think about it
while you two have been talking a bunch of bullshit
that doesn't mean anything.
I think it'd be pretty bad-ass if pine cones
were just scuttling around.
What if they did it whenever you weren't looking?
That's a fun little Toy Story thing.
But I think you know what would be better
if they did it while I was looking.
So I could see it and be delighted by it.
I do think, though, if you go to a Michaels
and they have craft pine cones,
those shouldn't move around.
Because Michaels is a place of business.
It's not the forest.
That is true.
In 99.9% of cases, that is absolutely true.
But you know what would be fucking funny, guys?
What?
What, dude?
When like kids make little turkey,
like craft turkeys out of pine cones.
Would those move around too?
You would never seen it?
Oh, that would be cool.
They use it like the body of the turkey
because it looks like a turkey's body.
Oh, okay.
So it would be like crawling around
and it would have sort of turkey paper stuff on it.
I like that.
That would be great.
But then why not just look at turkeys?
What if the pine cones were turkey sized?
What if, okay.
Here's a fun thing that Travis just said
and he didn't even know it
because that's not how his brain works.
If pine cones could move around
and put turkeys now could not.
So he just shifted it all one to the left.
I think that, and just to keep things fresh,
I think we should probably do that every once in a while.
Now, does that mean that eventually
human beings won't be able to move around anymore?
Yeah, like in Wally.
Wally's sitting on scooters.
Well, no, it'll be more sort of just like
we can't move around anymore.
Tulips can.
And it's like, well, it's our turn to cycle out.
I just installed Pluto TV.
I'm basically there right now.
How am I supposed to get up?
They're showing guts.
Oh, really?
Yeah, dude.
Do you think if pine cones started to move around,
then we would start eating more of them?
Huh.
Ha.
Like if you're-
Well, would they develop-
A meat-
Sort of sinew and a meat?
Yeah.
And an attitude that would make you feel kind of superior
when eating them.
I mean, what we're saying is basically
how Hedgehog did happen.
That is true.
I would-
Have you guys been imagining pineapples this whole time
and you just not realize?
What's a pineapple?
No, that's different.
No, no.
You mean the fruit?
Pineapple?
Travis, did you just forget the word pineapple?
Okay, but to be fair,
you said it like it was two separate words.
A pine apple as opposed to pineapple.
Hey guys, lean in.
What I've been picturing is like hermit crabs of the forest.
Just carrying them pine cones on their backs.
It's funnier to me though if it's just the pine cones.
Yeah, what you're describing, Travis,
is sort of a natural phenomenon that could-
Griffin, the video's back on accidentally.
Accidentally, your video's back on and I see you again.
And I can see a nipple.
I can't see a nipple.
I could just see anyone if you could just-
It feels like maybe you've got some sugar all the way down the side.
Griffin, somebody got a light dusting of cinnamon on your armpit, Griffin.
You should try to get that scene too.
I got it. I got it out.
I don't want to do this show anymore.
See, the problem is we did one Monday and this is Wednesday.
We did one two days later and here's the problem.
That's the fucking grand reveal, okay?
Just we didn't have a lot of good jokes saved up and I'm sorry, okay?
I'm sorry, but it had some good jokes.
Just go tweet about other episodes.
If you didn't like this one, we'll do another one in a week
and you'll like it more, okay?
The next one's gonna, guys, the next one's gonna kick ass.
Yeah.
That's what we have to tell ourselves after every recording.
The next one is gonna kick ass.
Not this one though.
Hey, can I give everyone a little reward for sticking around?
Yeah.
We're gonna announce our new tour dates.
Oh, well, shouldn't we have done that after a good one?
I think we may be.
Yeah, let's not announce that.
We're going to be at the Orpheum Theater in Boston, Massachusetts,
April 1st with my brother, my brother and me and Sawbones.
And then April 2nd with the Adventure Zone.
And then on April 3rd,
we're going to be at the Grand Theater at Foxwoods
in Manshantucket, Connecticut
with my brother, my brother and me and Sawbones.
Then, believe it or not, three weeks later,
we're going to be in Baltimore on April 22nd at the Hippodrome
with my brother, my brother and me and Sawbones.
And the 23rd with the Adventure Zone.
And then on April 24th in Norfolk, Virginia
at the Chrysler Theater with my brother, my brother and me
and Sawbones.
So that's a lot of April shows.
And they bring May flows.
May shows, yes, May shows.
May will probably have some shows as well.
Yes.
And also, just so I know,
we're really excited to see everybody on the JoCo Cruise.
That's not a thing you need to buy tickets for or whatever.
I'm just excited about it.
That's a thing you can't buy tickets for,
one might even say.
I don't even know why we're talking about it right now.
I'm just so excited.
We are going to need questions for that, by the way.
If you're going to be on the JoCo Cruise
and you would like us to do questions,
we're doing two of these bad boys on there.
So you can go ahead and start emailing those in.
JoCo Cruise questions.
Is that the email address?
No, just in the subject line.
And if you know, like if you're in the red group
or the gold group, let us know.
So thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
Max Fun Drive's coming up soon.
We got a fun bonus episode ready for everybody
that we all had just a squealing good time on, I would say.
And thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
You can find a link to that online.
You can find a link to that in your pocket.
You can find that song for sale.
You can find that song for sale.
This is the end of the episode.
Yes.
I do have a final yahoo, this one.
Oh, wait, hold on.
Sorry, there's one more thing.
If you're listening to this on Monday the 17th,
we still have a couple days before the Cincinnati shows.
Go to mcroy.family, click on tours.
We're gonna be at the Taft Theater
with my brother, my brother and me on February 19th.
And on February 20th, we're doing the Adventure Zone.
I assume Sawbones is performing on Monday,
or on the 19th as well.
So go get those tickets and check out all the merch,
mcroy.family, hugs and kisses, Travis.
All right, here comes the final yahoo.
Yeah.
This one was sent in by Adrian Cowles.
Thank you, Adrian.
It's yahoo answers user Disco Stew asks,
is it me or is the purge totally implausible?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother, me, kiss your dad,
square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Audience supported.
Hey, you've reached Dr. Game Show.
Leave your message after the beep.
Dr. Game Show is my favorite podcast.
And the only podcast my parents want me to listen to
because I'm 12, but even old people love this show.
Basically you call in, play games and have fun.
If you win a game, a baby will send you a magnet in the mail.
I have so many magnets and put them all over my locker.
And pretty much everyone at school is jealous
because they are very cool custom magnets.
And it also means that I'm really good at winning games.
And they even let me practice my record live on the air.
Listening to this show is like going to a real doctor,
but pretty much kind of better.
Dr. Game Show rocks.
Listen to Dr. Game Show on Maximum Fun.
New episodes every other Wednesday.
