The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you want it? Just say, hey, I wanna. Just say, hey, I wanna.
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, and me, the advice show for the
Bajanera. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your youngest brother, Griffin McElroy. I forgot what I say.
Babiest.
Yep.
Yep. Folks, check your calendar. I'm sure it's probably beeping, and it's like, you're like,
what did I set it for? And it's because it's time for a fantastic beast, the Crimes of Grindelwald
Watch. That's right.
It's Grindelwatch.
Grindelwatch is here, folks.
Can I tell you the weird thing, Justin? My calendar is beeping, but it's a paper wall calendar.
Yep. It must have one of Grindelwald's wild enchantments on it.
Yes, it must be a Grindelwald creation.
I love it. Johnny Depp was like, I'll only play a character named Grindelwald because
that's what I am, IRL fam.
I like the series of Fantastic Beasts because it gives me the opportunity to feel what it
must have been like to be a grownup when Harry Potter was extremely popular.
Yes.
They're all wizards and witches, and it's all nonsense to me?
Wait, what's happening? What is this?
They manage these guys? Grindelwald?
They split the uprights of me, Griffin McElroy, who waited in line for a midnight release of
not just one, more than one of the Harry Potter books, to now, in 2018, having disdain for
Grumblegord and his curse. That was me, and now it's so not me, Grumblegig.
I just don't care about the works of Grumblegig. What's he doing? And also,
where's a little love for the mediocre beasts?
All your favorites are not here. I misspoke. None of your favorites are here. Nobody knows
the names of any of the characters. Nobody cares about this franchise, and yet it continues to
tread all along. I'm sure making buckets of cash. I just don't know who's-
Justin, now, I do want to say there are some Harry Potter series favorites in this one.
I'm pretty sure that Lord Voldemort, and I know that's taboo, but I'm not afraid of him anymore
because I saw Harry Potter kick his ass. He's in it, I think, somewhere. Looking forward to it.
Got my tickets for release day, which I don't know what that is or what it is.
I just want to know where are these- All these people are so worried about their beautiful
beasts, and I just want to know what are you all doing to preserve the life of Lily and
James Potter because we have a chance, folks. You have one opportunity.
Oh, shit, and then JK Rowling could just follow her dream and do a completely reimagined Harry
Potter series where she starts back at book one. Oh, and this time, Lily and James, totally alive.
Totally part of it. They're there. Everything's cool.
Not so close, fam. How is this flick two hours and 14 minutes long, fam?
The boy- Hey, y'all, hey, y'all, gather close. The boy ain't in it.
Yeah. The boy ain't in it in this one.
That's actually how he's known in this one. The boy who doesn't appear.
This is 134 minutes of boy-free material. The boy didn't saddle up for this ride, folks.
It's just Eddie Redman opening up his suitcase and letting out, I don't know, a dog with,
I don't know, a fish tail, or I don't know, a big bird. I haven't seen the first one either.
I did. I watched that on a plane when I was three deep in the window, and y'all,
there's no way they're going to top the Buckwild twist ending of that movie, which was
this character has been disgraced shithead Johnny Depp the whole time. Surprise!
He's had a charm cast on him to make him look like someone else, but it was the whole time disgraced
piece of garbage shit Johnny Depp. Gotcha! Yeah, you did get us, I guess, Grimblewald.
Grumblegust. He's just-
Rumbleghost.
Grumbleghost. Jonathan Depp called David Yates the director. He's like, hey, it's me, Johnny Depp.
Bad news. What is it, Johnny? You're going to have to add some more minutes.
Do you remember those beasts that you said were too fantastic? You're going to have to include
them. Does Grimblewald eat the beasts? Is that his fantastic crimes, is that Eddie Redman opens up
his magic briefcase and the fairy hippopotamus comes out and Grimblewald eats him? Is that
the fantastic crime, just him slowly devouring every animal?
I want to take my nanny to the movie theater and make this her first exposure to the Harry Potter
series. So good.
I want her to get on board with the HP franchise from the crime of Grimblegust.
But start it here. This is her window in. This is where it starts. We're going to sit down
for two full Christian hours and 14 Christian minutes and watch the crimes of Binglebust
stroll across the screen doing magic hither and yon and get these beasts all riled up.
If you timed it right, you could go while the sun was out and then get out in the cover of night
and think that the end times have come. And then you can just say like, no, but then listen,
there's two characters who are married that you haven't even met yet. They die,
but their son doesn't. And he goes on a great school adventure for eight years.
I'm sitting here looking at the rotten tomatoes on this one and I kid you not, it is sitting at
50 percent Hollywood glitterati. Our critics of this great industry we call showbiz could not
even be bothered to form an opinion. As one collective hive mind, they all shrugged and said,
I don't know, the boy's not in it, but it is extremely long.
This is like if you put out a Superman movie that was about when his dad was in high school,
or even worse, like when his dad's math teacher was in high school. And you're like, wait,
you call this- wait, why is- where's the Superman? Like, well, Superman's not even born yet.
Why the fuck am I watching this movie? Well, the math teacher- well, his dad's math teacher wins
the science fair. It's like if the Star Wars prequels are about Emperor Palpatine's childhood
friend. I don't know how Rotten Tomatoes does their system, but the last review on here says,
a strangely charmless and excessively dingy film, too long and static for anyone but the
most diehard. With neither richness of tone nor color, this is a film guaranteed to sell tickets
at the cost of its own soul. And that's a positive one, apparently. Rotten Tomatoes said, this is a
thumbs up from this particular critic. This is a plump, juicy tomato you can definitely include in
your puttanesca. Hey, let's do advice, huh? We've dunked on this dumb movie a lot. Okay,
don't go see that movie. Don't go see the film. Don't go see Crime of Grimwall. But I don't have
to tell you that because you didn't go see the first one, if you're me. Now that it finally
feels like winter, my boyfriend has finally packed away his summer wardrobe. Turns out,
he only has maybe three pairs of jeans and three sweaters. So over the course of a work week,
he makes and matches different combinations to make five outfits that are all close but different
enough that no one notices he's re-wearing a sweater or a pair of pants by Friday. Today,
he wore the same sweaters yesterday with a different pair of pants. I told him people
are gonna notice. And if anything, he should wear the same jeans with a different sweater
because people are less likely to notice. He disagreed wholeheartedly and wore basically
the same outfit as yesterday to work today. So what's the official ruling, brothers? How close
can you wear things without people noticing and probably thinking you're a little weird and maybe
gross? That's from Brisk in Boston. Is this like an SAT prep test? Here's the thing about this
question that I think is missing. When you say no one noticed, what you mean is when your boyfriend
walked into work, nobody pointed at him and said, that's the same sweaters yesterday.
Just because no one did that doesn't mean they didn't notice. We're not in grade school anymore.
You can't convince yourself that your shit is cloaked just because people didn't bring it to
your immediate attention. Now, it depends on what the sweaters look like. If it's like a nice gray
pullover and like a red cardigan and maybe just like a nice blue knit dealie, then maybe you could
switch those out and people won't notice. But if one of the sweaters say like, I'm a real pizza
puppy and it has a picture of a dog eating a big slice of pizza on it and giving a thumbs up on a
skateboard, whenever that one comes up in the rotation, people are going to notice that it's
pizza puppy shirt time again. Damn. Now, okay, see, hold on. Now I got to send an email to the
FTBA to get this pizza puppy design into the store. We got to get this fast track.
And make sure you include all of the false starts of like sort of the beginning articles of the
pizza puppy that I sort of dropped and ate back up into my mouth. Maybe we're in like a Doug
scenario where it's three of the same sweaters and three of the same jeans. Let's talk about jeans,
because I think you can wear them shits many days in a row. And I think that you boys would be
inclined, especially in the cold months. It's the cold months. Fuck off. Like, right? Like,
I'm just trying to survive. I'm going to wear the same jeans a lot. It's not like I'm doing anything
nasty to them. I put on a pair of raw shrink to fit Levi's on the day that we started filming
My Brother, My Brother and Me, the television series, September 17th of 2016. And I have worn
those jeans every day since. Not every day. Pretty much every day since. Wait, they've been your,
hold on, wait. I do know what I said. I do recognize that I said this, but that seems
excessive to me. That's what you do with denim. You live in denim. No, wait, hold on. Yeah. I've
seen how you live, Justin, and you have two small children that help you live in those pants.
I would argue they do not help you live in those pants. They hurt you live in those pants.
They contribute to the living you do in those pants. And make the jeans strong.
Okay, he's got one strong pair of jeans. The jeans get strong. Powerful jeans.
Like Crusty maybe like builds up an exoskeleton. Crusty. If you lived in your jeans long enough,
they, you get a- If you lived in these jeans.
You live in these jeans. These are like the sisterhood of the traveling pants,
except I'm the one doing the traveling, not the pants.
I'm the whole sisterhood. The whole one man sisterhood in these beautiful pants. I just,
if you get good denim and you wear it out, ask Jesse about this, if you get good denim.
There are denim heads that'll pay $10,000 for some old jeans they dug out of a coal mine
somebody died in. They'll like buy the jeans to get them and just wear them every day.
And you're not supposed to wash them. You wash them, not at first,
because you're going to lose a lot of the indigo. What you're trying to do is wear some lines into
them. And then you wear, you will lose a little bit of the color, but you're also going to get
some of those good wear lines. I'm saying jeans you wear every day.
And stink lines, you fucking junkyard baby. What are you doing?
Travis. Hey, Travis, go. I want you to right now have a Memento style flashback
of all the times you've told me my jeans stink in the past 18 months. And when you come up a little
bit short there, Christopher Nolan, you're going to realize that you don't have any b-roll to put
into this montage because there ain't none. There ain't no times. He does got you there.
What's the appropriate, to make this more relatable, because I feel like I thought
my position was extreme and then Justin came shrieking into the room with his jeans that stand
up on their own. So let's come up with a more relatable rule, which is what is the appropriate
ratio of tops to long pants to have for every day wear to a workplace? Or school or whatever.
I don't give a shit. I work from home. I'll wear me on these lounge pants every fucking day.
I don't care. I have nothing. But for me, just going by my own closet, it's like six to one.
Six shirts to one pair of long pants. Maybe even more favoring the shirts.
Yeah, I would say somewhere between five to one. Especially when we're talking jeans,
there's something about a khaki or linen that's like maybe two days. But jeans,
I feel like you could do jeans for a week. But the thing is, we're not talking about
wear. We're talking about you're going to work in front of other human beings.
You need as many shirts as you have days of work.
Yes.
You need as many shirts as you could wear in a work week. And you probably,
if you have just one extra, then you're mustard proof. But currently you live in a world,
I don't want you to live in a world that can be upended by mustard.
And that is the precarious situation you find yourself in.
Right now you could lose 33.3% repeating of your wardrobe to a mustard incident.
Yeah.
There's no peace of mind there.
The stakes are way too high. You could never eat a hot dog.
When you're eating steaks, the stakes are too high.
How about a Yahoo?
Yes.
This one was sent in by Merit Palmer. Thank you, Merit. It's Yahoo Answers user,
Kimmity Cricket. What's wrong?
Nothing. I'm just excited. It sounded good.
All right. Kimmity Cricket asks,
if you could talk to everyone in the world at the same time, what would your message be to them?
I.e. don't use abusive comments.
Okay. All right.
You all realize, Bruce Almighty, you can talk, you can shoot out one message.
You've grabbed the grocery store, like check out my PA microphone of the planet
and say something into every human being's brain all at the same time.
Let's say just for argument's sake, it is babble fish translated into every
imaginable language simultaneously.
You get one message to just blast out there, but one sentence and you can't get,
you know, we oughta baby eats a boy with it.
What is your message?
I know what you did. No.
No, Travis, you made a joke and you didn't even think about it.
You came up with that before I even finished reading the question.
This is important. We could solve some shit here.
Okay. Well, I mean, my honest answer would probably be something about myself.
Okay. Give me that.
Give me that answer.
It would probably be something like, I am Travis, you belong to me now.
Something along those lines.
That would be cool.
I am Travis, protector of man.
Or like something that really establishes like my godhood,
I think would be how I would use it.
See, I was trying to think of like, if we could get anything closer to world peace,
but your solution might have a sort of like watchman-like effect where everybody would
become so scared of the god voice, Travis, that they would all band together to like
defend themselves for when his judgment descends.
It could go the other way, Griffin, of like, they all feel so embraced by god Travis that
they're like, what's the point of even fighting when we all know and love Travis?
It's too dangerous, too dangerous, too dangerous.
Your attack is too dangerous.
I feel like whatever the message is, it has to start with,
everyone be chill.
I know this is wild.
But, and then you can say whatever, like, I really, hey-
Check out my Insta.
Here's my new mixtape.
My mixtape is on fire.
It's WW, oh no, I ran out of-
Go to buttercupisaveyagoodgirl.com and check out pictures of my dog.
This is Travis, by the way.
Teengoogle.com.
Oh, I still have more?
Bring back Tastations.
420-420-
How long is the message or is the length of the message?
You'll know.
You'll get a little light that blinks when it's time to wrap up.
I think mine would be like, everybody be chill.
I know this is weird, but, and then I would just write Beekman, greater sign,
pointing towards Beekman, and Bill Nye.
Because I want to get it out there that I think Beekman was the superior show.
Beekman's World was a lot better than Bill Nye the Science Guy.
I've been watching a lot of it on TV, and I just want to say that Beekman was better.
But there's going to be like a four-year-old living in Turkey who's like,
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about, God Voice.
No, unless it was, no, not in Spain, though.
In Spain and in Latin America, they're going to go nuts for it because they don't love-
They love Paul Zalum.
They love his world that he created.
But it's not a message that just reaches Latin America, Justin.
It's the world, and I got to have something for everyone.
What about everybody lean to the left, and we see if we can throw off the world's rotation?
Oh, that's fun.
That could be cool.
Hey, everyone, I know this is weird, but be chill about it.
But just give a freaking hug.
That's the love language that spreads across all the world.
Not everybody likes hugs, Griffin.
Yeah, but yeah, you're right.
Maybe like a knowing nod.
Hey, everyone, nod at your friend.
This is weird.
So sorry to intrude.
But give a knowing nod to a nearby person.
I worry, though, if we end up with a simultaneous worldwide nod,
that would also throw off the world's rotation.
Everybody pick a random number of seconds and then nod at each other.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That way we can stagger it.
You know what could be really cool?
If you could be like, hey, everybody, I know this is scary,
but everything's gonna be okay, but listen, a sphincter says what?
What about like, hey, everybody, I know this is weird, but be chill.
Party at Derek's.
And then everyone, the world would implode.
Like there would be a sinkhole at Derek's house.
Because all, what, there's like seven billion of us?
Which Derek, Griffin?
They would know.
I think they would know your intent.
You're right, I would have to say like, party at Derek F's.
I am, okay, you know what, guys?
I'm probably thinking too much about this
because I'm starting to come around to this being an extremely good question.
Yeah, no, for sure.
I don't know what I would, if you have the ability to say,
see, it's not like, you know, there's this concept of,
if you point too much traffic at a website, they're not ready for it.
You're gonna like melt the whole site.
I feel like you could do that to anything with the world's attention.
Like there's nobody, individually,
that's going to be able to withstand complete like world attention.
Which is what you would get, I think, with this sort of like awareness bombing.
We could not accomplish anything specific or explicit, is what you're saying.
Because anything we directed the world's attention to,
so it has to be some sort of general message of mental well-being.
And I think it also feels like it would have to be an inception kind of thing.
I don't think we could say like everyone be nice.
I think it would have to be like, for example,
maybe you have like a product that you want to go viral,
like you want the next Pogs, or you want, you have the next like Beanie Babies,
or let's say like Pet Rock.
Pet Rock would be a great example.
Like you could send everyone a moment of saying like,
haven't you always wanted a pet that doesn't wander off?
But this is gonna, Travis, you're like really not listening,
because this would destroy the Pet Rock industry.
If all people on earth got horny for it, like we would run out of Pet Rock.
Yeah, so it has to be, can I give you guys maybe the answer?
Because this is, mine's almost threatening in a way,
which is kind of like, it's like good for the spirit, but threatening,
which is like kind of like deity-like.
But it should be like, hey everybody, I know this is weird, but be chill about it.
But listen, mean people suck.
And then people hear that and they're like, wow, well, we know what not to be.
And then they put a little love in their hearts.
Okay, I think I know what I would actually write.
Okay.
I think I would write, hey, it's God.
Whoa.
I'm out, okay.
Whoa.
Whoa, what?
Whoa, hold on, here's what I'm saying.
I would say, hey, it's God, I'm out.
Yep, I was real the whole time, but now I'm done-ski.
Y'all got it from your own.
Y'all got it from here.
I was real, but I'm out.
So y'all got it from here on out.
That seems like a bad one to do.
Yeah, that seems like that's actually the beginning of revelations.
Yeah, it kind of seems like maybe you accidentally did the apocalypse.
No, I think that mine, if you're coming at things from like,
I think God would say like, hey, y'all be good to each other, keep it chill,
but it isn't your individual hands, so please try to keep it sexy down there.
Either way.
Well, just say that.
You don't have to pretend to be the Lord abandoning his sheep.
You don't have to pretend to be the king of kings abandoning his flock.
You can just say, hey, keep it sexy down there.
No, no, no.
I don't want people to try to continue to interpret my story.
I want them to continue to interpret my will.
I want them to know that I was real for a while, but now I'm going to leave,
and they should try to keep their fucking shit together for a second.
Well, then why not leave some ambiguity then and say like, I am God.
I may or may not be leaving.
It doesn't really matter.
This is untenable.
I am God.
I'm out.
I'll be back in 25.
Keep it, oh my God.
Hey, I'm God.
Hey, it's me, God.
I can't fix it, because that would be a powerful message.
Now we are talking.
Yes, yes, yes.
It's me, God.
Climate change is real, and it's out of my hands.
And so am I.
So am I.
Here's two things that is real.
Climate change would be, and here's something else that's real.
I don't know about this one, gang, honestly.
I don't know what to do.
You all fucked up my world.
I made it so good.
I thought I made it so good you couldn't break it, but look at this.
You done broke it.
Yeah.
Anyway, check out my SoundCloud.
It's 10, here's another question for the haters.
This is just for the haters.
I recently went out for dinner with my girlfriend and some friends.
We shared some appetizers, and I split an entree with my girlfriend.
When the waiter came around and asked if we wanted dessert, everyone said no.
Brothers, I really wanted that chocolate lava cake,
but I didn't want to be the only one eating dessert.
What could I have said or done during the meal or after to prevent this tragedy?
And this from over-ordering in Ontario, Canada, I presume.
This is maybe the best question we've ever gotten, so thank you for sending it in.
Wow.
There's a lot of dining etiquette with your friends,
and a lot of this has been solved with technology.
Stuff like Venmo or Splitwise or whatever.
Vin Diesel.
Vin Diesel, right.
The appetizer you order, maybe not everybody gets a hand on that ball,
so they don't, you know, have some of that.
The entrees, maybe yours was more expensive than them.
You have apps to deal with that.
If you're the only one that wants dessert, now it's also a time issue.
And I've been in this situation a lot.
I just don't ever get the dessert.
And it's my fault.
It's my fault because I am not friends with the Sweet Tooth gang.
I need to make Sweet Tooth friends.
Here's the thing.
Here's the thing, Griffin.
Here's what you are doing wrong, as well as I wonderful,
I appreciate them so much, question asker.
And that is, you think you're the only one who wants dessert,
so you didn't speak up.
Everyone at the table is that.
Oh, okay.
Everyone at the, I have never, I've never been in this scenario
where I said, you know what, I would like dessert.
And everyone else hasn't gotten, well, like,
whoa, if you're gonna do it.
That's true.
And in every, here's the real bellwether.
Pick the dessert you want and say you want however many forks
are for the people at the table.
So good.
Watch those motherfuckers not be like, oh, none for me, thank you.
No, they're gonna have a fork.
And you know what else they're gonna do?
Guaranteed 80% of the time, someone at the table is gonna be like,
well, if you're getting that, then I actually want the other one.
Eventually, you will have every dessert in the restaurant
brought to your table.
Everybody's got a fork.
They're loving it.
They're enjoying, like, you're having a meal with friends
and now you're splitting a delicious dessert.
That's what we're on the fucking planet for, gang.
This is what we are here for.
And it's to reach out and grab this dessert that we're all here for.
Let me tell you, here's the trick.
What you do is you ask the server, the waitstaff person,
to list the desserts out loud.
Because when someone's looking at a paper, right,
that's not a shared communal experience.
Just ask and as they're listing them out loud,
you make eye contact with everyone at the table
and kind of nod a little bit, like, whoa, whoo.
Ooh, that sounds good.
Before any time has passed, you're having, like,
a full-on, like, hedonistic dessert party.
Have you ever been to a restaurant where they do the thing
where they bring out, like, fake desserts for you to enjoy
and you can, like, pick them from the fake ones?
I've never done that before.
But I've always kind of wondered what it would be like.
It's pretty boss, dude.
Yeah, as good as I imagined it would be.
I've also been to a place where they brought out my steak
pre-cooked, showed it to me, and said,
is it, this looks good, right?
And then went and cooked it.
Here's a little teaser trailer for you, Trap.
Well, this one is plastic.
We will throw it away.
Why don't we do this with a whole menu
where they bring out, there's just sort of, like,
a very strong sort of Lou Ferrigno type
who's carrying many trays out
and has every possible thing you could eat.
And he kind of walks it around the restaurant
constantly, sort of like somebody announcing the rounds
at a prize fight or something like that.
And then you can pick it off.
I'll have what Lou Ferrigno is having
on his left pectoral muscle.
I believe that's the lasagna.
I think we can all agree, like, the second most exciting thing
when you go to Red Lobster is the big tank of lobsters
and you pick your own lobster.
So good, so good.
The first most exciting thing
is when the best biscuits come out.
But the lobster in the tank,
what if we just did that for fucking every,
like you went in and said,
and that's the broccoli I'll be having?
Yeah.
With like that potato,
like the control you would feel.
But the potato's floating in a big fish tank.
Yeah, he's got googly eyes on him.
They all have name tags.
There should be a combination of groceries to a restaurant
where you go grocery shopping
and then you take your bags of groceries
and you just upend them in the kitchen.
So here, I can't.
I've picked the freshest, all the finest,
and all the freshest and fine.
I've picked the freshest and the finest.
Please make this into dinner for me.
You know some chopped heads though
would go in there with like some gummy bears,
some jasmine rice, some surge and pork tummy
and say like, do it, do it.
Ha ha ha, you have 30 minutes.
Those LOL dolls were clearly for my daughter.
They weren't part of the meal and you know it.
You've shamed me.
But they are delicious.
This is very good.
Yeah, this is very good.
You guys ever do that thing
where you know you need to go to the grocery store
and you put it off for so long
that you end up coming home right at dinner time
and you're in hell because all of a sudden
you have no dinner and all these groceries to unload
and no way to get dinner?
Have you guys ever done that?
Because I think that's a great time to order pizza.
Ha ha ha.
Who is this guy?
Who's this character?
So if I'm following you, Justin,
what you're saying is,
the problem is when you bring food home,
you're faced with,
well, now I have to do something with the food.
No, I'd rather not.
It's pizza o'clock.
Yeah, I'm just saying that's a great time for my family
for us to all order pizza.
Honey, let's make it a night in with pizza.
But you just went to the store.
You have brought-
Travis, quit fucking contradicting
this incredible character Justin has said.
Justin's created a new character here
who I'm very enthusiastic about,
which is time for pizza.
Okay, we've got the pilot of Justin's sitcom,
Time for Pizza, with Justin.
I'm exhausted.
I went to the store
and I've bought all the freshest and finest
and I don't want to cook anymore, honey,
because I'm so tired from buying the groceries
and I just was thinking,
how about you and me and the kids?
Rent Paddington 2 from Redbox.
Wait, from Redbox?
You're already home.
Are you going to go back out to get the Paddington 2?
The Rite Aid across the street
that doesn't have any good groceries
that does have a pretty good Redbox selection.
They're going to rent Paddington 2
and we're going to get a pizza tonight.
Right on the special request
of the Domino's pizza tracker.
Could you just grab me Paddington 2 on the way?
You can even stop by Rite Aid.
That'd be great.
They used to have,
you remember for a while some chain had a deal
where they'd bring you a DVD inside your pizza.
I just remember they had a Drop Dead Fred
was one of the options.
So you could get Drop Dead Fred delivered to your house.
And that was last year that they offered that,
which was weird.
The problem is the FBI saw that as domestic terrorism
so they had to very much stop.
Should we Money Zone?
Yes, let's.
Yeah, let's do it.
Pizza Hut was giving away the films available
or Bill and Ted Zamboni's journey,
All Dogs Go to Heaven 2,
Mr. Mom and Honeymoon in Vegas.
Are you fucking with me?
Wow.
So good.
I'll have four pizzas please so that I can complete this set.
Yeah, I'm gonna need to get four pizzas.
Hey, stamps are great
and you're gonna need them this holiday season
because this is the time of year
where you're shipping off all of your stuff.
You got presents of,
you made a present of socks.
You're gonna need to ship those off
and they don't let you just put it in the mailbox
without some of this postage on it.
But thankfully stamps.com can save you a bunch of time
during the hectic holiday season
because it lets you buy and print official US postage
for any letter, any package, any class of mail
using your own computer and printer.
Then the mail carrier picks it up.
No trips to the post office required.
You're gonna save time.
You're gonna save money.
Stamps.com is really the best gift
you can give yourself this holiday season.
It's so convenient.
We're professional businessmen,
small business owners technically.
Wait, what?
We're always doing mail
and fortunately we have a friend in stamps.com.
So you can enjoy the stamps.com service
with a special offer that includes a four-week trial
plus postage and a digital scale
without long-term commitments.
Go to stamps.com,
click on the microphone at the top of the homepage
and type in my brother, that's stamps.com.
Enter my brother, all one word.
Listen, there's some things out there
that aren't super fun to think about
like taxes or like when you get home from the supermarket
and you have all your groceries
and it's like, well, now I gotta make dinner.
Oh, time for pizza, right?
And also you have to get life insurance
and it's not super fun.
Like Teresa and I just like did our wills
which is like a huge bummer
but I can tell you that life insurance,
once you've got it
and you don't have to worry about it anymore,
it's a really good feeling.
So we wanna tell you about policy genius.
Policy genius is the easy way
to get life insurance online in just two minutes.
You can compare quotes from top insurers
to find the best policy for you.
They also compare disability insurance,
auto insurance and home insurance.
So if you care about it, they cover it.
So if you've been avoiding getting life insurance
because it's difficult or confusing,
give policy genius a try.
Go to policygenius.com,
get your quotes and apply in minutes.
You can do the whole thing on your phone right now.
Policy genius, the easy way to compare
and buy life insurance.
I got a message for Walt and Liz
and it's from Knick, Ram, Will, Max, Julia, Miles and Dave.
It says, Walt and Liz, congratulations on your engagement.
All of your D&D pals are wishing you the absolute best
the next year at D&D, Destiny and whatever new venue
for hijinks we can imagine.
On behalf of Maxwell, Ram, Knick, Julia, Miles and Dave,
we couldn't think of a better way to say it
than with the help of these brothers, you rock.
And that's for April 17th.
That's my birthday and your engagement day.
Congratulations on this wonderful commitment.
And it's also seven Gregorian months ago.
That's fine because they wanted a good year at Destiny
and I gotta tell you, it's been great.
All my pals on there have been getting the best
and biggest guns and I did find Master Chief in the game
and Bungie sent me $500.
There's another message here and it's for Alyssa
and it's from Madeline or Madeline perhaps
who and Alyssa says, happy birthday to my friend,
my style icon, my favorite buff baby
and my fellow trash person.
Thank you for introducing me to Taz, Bim Bam
and to countless clever turns of phrase
that I have promptly stolen.
Being friends with you has made me a better person
and I love you.
This is a, that's one of those word thieves
and I think we gotta crack down on this.
We've been letting word thieves off for too long.
I don't have an end to that sentence.
The problem, well, that's because someone stole it.
Shit birds.
Yeah, you were gonna have an end to that sentence
and someone just swiped right in.
Hi, I'm Dave.
Hi, I'm Graham.
And we're two house DJs who have been trapped
inside our drum machine.
We love it here and we'd love if you stopped by
and visited us every week
on Stop Podcasting Yourself here on MaximumFun.org.
We're just a couple of doofuses from Canada.
And listen to our show or perish.
Shh, stop podcasting yourself on MaximumFun.org.
There's a Yahoo, can I read?
Or Justin, do you have one of your great segments?
No, I don't have a segment.
I just wanted to say that Papa John's
did the movie thing too.
And their offerings were Seen It Junior,
The Best of Rocky and Bullwinkle and Friends,
Durango Kids, or A Weekend at Bernie's 2.
Jeez.
You know that last one was just because
Father John thought it was the funniest flick.
The funniest shit.
When they made this promotion,
is it because they like found a box of DVDs
like at a landfill or something?
And they were like, well, we've got these.
I bet you a copy of the Papa John's
cuts of Rocky and Bullwinkle's
gotta be worth like a good 10 large these days.
10 large pizzas?
Yes, this Yahoo was sent in by Adrian Cowles.
Thank you, it's an anonymous Yahoo answers user
who I'm gonna call Father John, who asks,
is it normal to be bored in ballet class?
I want to be a ballerina,
but sometimes I get bored or don't wanna go to class.
Is this normal?
It's a great question.
Can you want to be a ballerina extremely badly
and also be really bored by ballet
and the learning it and you don't wanna do it?
Tough.
And I would argue that that is how
like revolutionary ballerinas are born.
I see.
Right, because you're dancing there in class
and you're like, ugh, so boring.
But then maybe you make a friend
and the dance that your friend does is like,
really like, oh, what you're doing
out there dancing, I don't know,
on top of trash cans or whatever.
Like that's the kind of dancing I should be doing.
Let's dance together down the sidewalk,
but I'm gonna combine my ballet dancing
with your like cool new dancing.
And now we've got, I don't know, good dancing.
Look out Bob Fosse, we're good dancing.
Bob Fosse sees it and explodes.
Oh no, we've killed Bob Fosse.
I tried to go to ballet class once.
I showed up and they were like,
where are your special shoes?
And I said, I have no idea where y'all are getting
these incredible special shoes for ballet.
And they threw me out.
I never, they never let me take a class there.
I've been to plenty of paylesses in my day.
I practically lived out of a payless through college.
Never saw a single one of those kinds of special shoes
that they said that were everywhere.
Yeah, I've seen a lot of movies.
And as far as I can tell-
Thanks Trev, that's a great point.
Well, I'm not done.
Yeah, I know.
I thought it'd be funny if I pretended like
that was all you were saying is about
how many movies you've seen.
I've seen a lot of movies, mostly through pizza companies.
And I've seen a lot of movies-
Here gang, all the movies I've ever seen are from pizza.
And let me hear, I'm here to tell you, movies aren't good.
Like don't enjoy them.
I don't know what all the hubbub is about.
Movies are really bad.
And sometimes they make sequels
without making the original movie.
And I think that that's-
They didn't introduce any of the characters.
I didn't know what was going on.
But I'm pretty sure you get ballet shoes
when you ask your papa.
And your papa says that your family can't afford them.
But then your papa, I don't know,
either strikes it rich or like-
Sells his magic pocket watch to afford.
Something like that.
And then like, happy birthday, ballet shoes.
Elves make them.
But we're dodging the question,
which is that the class is so fucking boring.
I want to be a ballerina so bad.
God, I want to be a ballerina so bad.
But I hate the dancing that they do
because it puts me to sleep.
God.
Maybe it's the other people in the class.
You know, maybe it's not the dancing,
but rather like there's just no drama happening.
It's possible, yeah.
It could just have a boring teacher.
You could have Ben Stein up there.
But like, if I was doing the dance,
you know, the dance.
And then I looked over and it was like,
I wish that those two people were gossiping.
Or I wish I hated them.
You know, something like that just to keep it spicy.
You saw Black Swan and thought that it was gonna be cool,
like that movie where all that cool stuff happens.
I did once on a bus trip to New York with my choir,
watch Center Stage like six times in a row.
And it gave me, I would say,
a skewed perspective on what the professional dance world is like.
A lot of backstabbing.
A lot of backstabbing.
A lot of love triangles.
My only exposure, excuse me, teacher, teacher,
my only exposure to ballet before this,
my first ballerina lesson, was Suspiria.
So where is the witch who lives in the mirror?
Because that seemed like an integral part of learning,
you know, the different positions and stuff.
What was the one with Julia Stiles?
Save the Last Dance.
Was that that one?
Isn't that the movie you were talking about for a long time?
Yes, it was for like two years.
But I couldn't remember the title.
Yeah, it was Save the Last Dance.
They should make a prequel to that.
Justin, please save us.
Justin, please save us from this.
Save the Pinocchio Dance.
He saved it.
Well, damn.
Or what if it was just called Use Up All the Other Dances?
Yeah.
Waste the dances, but save the last dance.
So how about another question?
Bring a Game Boy.
Bring a Game Boy to ballerina class
and you can play Tetris and Pokemans and Bubble Bobble
and Kicks and Qbert and all of the real games for real gamers.
The Flash while you learn how to step on the tips,
tippy tips of your toes.
Like gravity doesn't apply to you like a beautiful bird.
Justin, what's the next question?
My boyfriend and I were traveling in New Zealand
and we happened to be there for our anniversary.
So we decided to go to the local aquarium to celebrate.
We were in a small town.
You don't have to make excuses for going to the aquarium.
Aquariums are great.
However, upon entering,
we realized it doubled as the town's movie theater
and in order to get to the showing,
you had to walk through the aquarium.
Tickets to the movies were about half as much
as tickets to the aquarium.
Even though the aquarium itself was so small,
you could basically see the whole thing on your way
to whatever movie you were seeing.
But staff told you to keep your eyes down
and not to linger if you needed to leave the theater
to use the aquarium's bathroom.
Holy shit.
My question is, which is less morally depraved?
Sneaking into a movie or sneaking into an aquarium,
especially when they're in the same building?
And that's from Still Confusing Cape Cod.
This is a great question,
but I would have to say for this question to apply,
they would have to both be in the same building.
Yeah, this is an extremely deeply not relatable question
because this is the only building on earth
where this situation will ever be an issue.
I do gotta say it's a challenging one though
because you're in there, you're watching Grimblewood's crimes
and all of the great acting
makes you wanna just piss your pants.
And so you stand up and you go
and while you're about to go to the bathroom,
you're walking on your way there
and you're hustling because you don't wanna miss any crimes.
They're blasting off a crime in a minute in there.
You do hear two excited teens saying like,
that shark is really fucking the shit out of that other shark,
but you can't look at that
because you didn't pay to see this love act?
What if you like, do you think that there's like,
I don't know, like a hundred workers
who are just waiting to see if you look up
so they can charge you like,
you look to the shark fuck, that's $20.
Yeah, gotcha.
Yeah, 20 New Zealand dollars too.
Who knows how much that is?
Nobody.
Here's the thing, here's the good news about it.
If you head over to the Picton Cinemas at 10.15 AM
to 45 PM or 7.15 PM
and get comfy for the next two hours and 14 minutes
because you are going to be able to pay one price
to see all the crimes of Grindelwald
and then when you get bored, you go over to the aquarium.
You got them both there in one
and you can book online too, which is huge.
But why would you get bored
while watching the crimes of Gumbelbar?
Is this the exact building that you, did you find it?
Yeah, I've traced it to the Picton Cinemas.
Do you think that there's another cinema in town
that their tagline is, we don't have any fish.
Don't be tempted by these rad fish.
You don't have to pay for it.
We're just Grindelwald over here.
Oh, I said it right.
No, you set him free, shoot.
Now he's out there.
I don't understand.
Why is anyone coming to the movies?
I've got it.
And they just go and like buy a betta fish
and like a little like, you know, bowl
and they just put it on the concessions counter
to try to try it.
Don't look at the bowl though.
Don't look at the bowl unless you pay me a dollar.
But it's right next to the popcorn spray.
Nope, nope, no.
Eyes down, piss, eyes down, don't linger.
Eyes down, piss somewhere.
That's my bowl.
Don't linger.
What if all aquariums did this
and they were like, come on in,
you can use our space for a birthday party or whatever.
If you look at one fish, so help me God.
And then it's like a fun game.
We should do that.
We go to aquariums every time we travel
because I don't know, we're big marine life fans, I guess.
Next time I go in, I'll pay the admission price
and see how long I can go without looking at
one sort of aquatic creature that God made for us
to enjoy in the ocean.
Because I bet I can't go very long.
No, they're right there.
It's so tempting.
Who could say no to that?
I could do it for all the boring fish
except for the one big window,
which is the only cool part of the fish part of the aquarium.
But then as soon as I get to Penguin Town,
that's the ball game because I gotta see these guys.
What are they up to?
It's weird the sort of like, you go to the aquarium
and it's weird how quickly you go from like,
oh man, this is amazing to like,
what do I care?
It's just another tank full of fish.
Wake me up when you got something better.
Oh, it's swimming.
Swimming, big deal.
My ideal aquarium, it is all those walkway tunnels
where you're inside because you can make believe
that you're the fish now
and you can do some light limpet play
and then you do get into one big room
with like the big panel that's open into the ocean
and then there's a quick funnel cake break
and then you're this Penguin Town baby
and the penguins will see you out.
I would like one room where it's just like thigh-high water
that you actually wade through to get to the other side.
Okay.
Yeah, you're wet for the rest of it,
but like also, listen, I spend all day in the aquarium
and I'm looking at fish in water
and I'm like, I'm here in the stupid air.
Yeah.
I wanna be in water.
I'll tell you what I also need in my idealized aquarium
is that at any point during this like very linear pathway,
there can be like a little offshoot hall
that you can, and the hall is like three quarters of a mile long
and then at the end of that is like the petting place
because I don't want to see, smell, experience that in any way
without giving my explicit consent
by making the long journey to it
because that part of the aquarium always makes me quite sad.
The horseshoe crabs don't wanna be touched there, Richard.
And they smell not great.
So like, I'm trying not to be mad at the horseshoe crabs
for their bad smell
because I know they're not going through a great time either
what with all of their Richard touching.
I would say if I worked at an aquarium,
I would take special care, well, of the fish,
but also like whenever I'm making the little plaques
that go next to the tanks,
I would add some like fun details in there
that maybe aren't super true,
but I've also been to lots of aquariums
and I've never seen a human being read those plaques before.
Absolutely not.
Tell me about this fish.
This blue, it's got a stripe
and it's about the size of my hand.
Yep.
I'm good to go.
I figured that one out on my own.
I would add into the plaque something like,
and if you listen really closely,
you could hear it speak English
and then just like watch people like lean into the glass
like, what, really?
I mean, that panel could just say like,
hey, shithead, you're a piece of garbage.
You're an idiot because you're not,
I bet you're not going to ever read this.
Oh, we can combine two bits from this episode.
Let me pick which fish I want to eat
as I walk through the aquarium.
To the restaurant.
No, I think you got to catch it.
I think it's up to you to catch it.
Well, I mean, this is an aquarium, right?
So you can pay more for, you know, a tool of some sort.
Would that change the way you feel
about the petting area, Griffin?
If you just reached in, picked up a starfish
and then threw it in a deep fryer.
Only if I, I would not feel comfortable doing that
because he would be flopping in a way
that would sort of mean like,
it's time, it's not my time to die, Griffin.
But I will say what's going to get me over the hump
is if there is, and this could be like a person in costume
or maybe just the actual guy made flesh,
but the chef from Little Mermaid,
who's singing his great song about killing all the animals.
Yeah, him, if he's doing it,
then I feel like I would get into the spirit
of his fun sort of murder song.
And I would throw this,
I'd plop the swordfish right down in that hot bath.
Yeah, and you know what?
Maybe like, maybe ease my morals a little bit
and tell me that like all the fish
in this room are super old.
That could be good.
Or maybe they're all jerks.
Maybe there's another long tunnel
that the fish can swim through
and it's a one-way trip and it ends in the fish kitchen.
And then they know,
I've had a lot of fun entertaining children.
I've seen a lot of noses pressed up to glass.
I'm ready.
It's time to make the donuts.
And it's time to make me donuts.
And then they know, and it can be fun.
There can be like,
and then they can play music on the tunnel
and they can have pictures of their friends
and kids on the tunnel.
That's nice, like an elephant graveyard kind of thing.
It's like the end of Big Fish,
which is great and appropriate.
Folks, that's gonna do it for us this week.
Thank you so much for joining us.
We always love having you here.
And we...
I also wanna say thank you to J.K. Rowling
for paying for this sponsored episode.
We should have mentioned that,
but like your support means a lot.
Yeah, we've done sponsored episodes in the past,
but none where we've explicitly said
not to patronize the product
that has given us money to sponsor it.
So this is a unique way of doing things.
And thank you, J.K. for the support.
We also wanna say thanks to Maximum Fun Network
for having us as a part of their extended podcasting family.
We have a newsletter you can sign up for
at bit.ly forward slash McElroy Mail.
It's not a pyramid scheme, which is really important.
A lot of people have asked us about that,
and it's not, we're not sure who keeps saying that.
We've seen buzzings about it in the blogosphere.
Not a pyramid scheme.
It is not a pyramid scheme.
Oh, hey, we will have another episode
of our annual eternal podcast.
Son of a gun.
Till death do us blart
will arrive on American Thanksgiving
as it has every year
and will continue to until the end of linear time.
It will be the fourth episode of the show,
which means that we're going to be watching
the film Paul Blart Mall Cop 2
with our friends Tim and Guy.
Y'all, I bought it on Blu-ray this year.
I'm excited.
I'm still renting it.
Straight up, Guy is in India.
I have no idea how we're gonna get all this together,
but it will be there on Thanksgiving Day
and we hope you enjoy it.
Till death do us blart is the name of that.
I didn't give the hard plug.
Till death do us blart.
Subscribe now.
There's four, sorry, three episodes to catch up on.
Yeah, let's see.
What else?
Thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for these four theme songs.
It's a departure off the album,
putting the days to bed.
Great album, great song, great dude, great vibes.
We've got our shows coming up in Austin and Denver.
So make sure you send those questions in now
with Denver or Austin in the subject line.
Let's wrap it up.
Wrap it up.
That's it.
We're good.
You're the one who does it though.
So like, what are you waiting?
So here's a final Yahoo.
This one was sent in by Bree McNeil.
Thank you, Bree.
It's Yahoo Answers user Sierra.
Who asks?
Explain Keenan and Kel.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hey Kyra, so Max Funcon tickets go on sale
this Friday, November 23rd at 11am Pacific
and I'm trying to write a promo.
Okay, so what do they need to know to look forward to?
Inspiring classes.
Live podcast tapings.
Stand up showcase.
The S'mores party.
Making new friends.
Don't forget about the dance party.
Oh, and it all takes place on a beautiful mountaintop.
Okay, got it.
Anything else?
Well, if we missed anything,
they can find all the details at maxfuncon.com.
And we'll see you in June.
I think that went really well.
Yeah, that sounded good.
