The McElroy brothers are not experts.
And their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert.
But if there's a diploma on his wall, I haven't seen it.
I know it's degree, Travis.
Although this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies
out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
crowd cheers
It's familiar.
But not too familiar.
But not too not familiar.
It's a new craze.
Hey good girls, do you wanna?
Just say, hey I wanna.
Just say, hey I wanna.
crowd cheers
Ladies and gentlemen, John Roderick!
crowd cheers
Ladies and gentlemen,
Claire McElroy.
Thanks, both dads.
Hey, San Diego, I had a quick question for you. Do you wanna get weird?
crowd cheers
I think that was a yes. That was the wrong answer.
My MacBook Pro has 69% battery, it's a sign!
crowd cheers
Nice, nice, nice.
If all the owls, instead of saying, who?
All said, nice.
Does a bear nice in the woods? Who knows?
I'd probably camp more if owls were like, nice.
Do you wanna introduce the show, Justin?
Hello everybody and welcome to My Brother, My Brother and Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
crowd cheers
crowd cheers
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
crowd cheers
Travis fucking,
I wanna break down what just happened. Travis fucking waited until Justin's
cheer died down so there was no cross-pollination. I wanted it to be clear.
Hi, I'm 30 under 30 media luminary and baby brother
Griffin McElroy.
crowd cheers
You know, here's what's up. I was about to say, one of these days we'll have to
do it in reverse order. I'm in the middle either way.
That's a lot of Hennessy!
It's a lot of ginger ale, it's a big cup.
It's a small amount of Hennessy, it just looks large from where you're seated.
You ever call it hinger ale?
No, it's called a horse's neck.
Okay, I'll just do some jokes now.
When Travis said I just wanted to clean a sampling or whatever it was,
he said I wasn't paying attention. What you gotta sample there was
the current Travis character, which is big time Travis.
Or my city Travis. So here's the thing, whenever we go
on a tour, and I don't have an explanation for this because it doesn't happen at the holidays
when they visit, whenever we go on a tour, we get a new Travis character.
It's kind of like Doctor Who except played by the same actor every time.
And usually the performance leaves something to be desired.
Here are some of the characters we have gotten
previously. One is Mordecai Travis, which is not
Mordecai, the Johnny Depp character, but rather a character obsessed with the film
Mordecai while lacking any sort of context or
insight into what the film might actually be about. So just basically
saying Mordecai a lot. No, it's this, based off the poster
what I think the movie is about. Yeah, it's a very fleshed out character. There's
Big Snapple, who we only get in New York City, and again
sort of the depth of that character is, what if they called it the Big Snapple?
I asked for,
because I wanted a reprieve from big time Travis McElroy, I was like,
please give me Big Snapple, and he said, no, that's a New York boy.
You don't get him here. We did get a brief reprieve from big time
Travis McElroy, who also is my city McElroy, so we
get a lot of, well that's how we do it in my city, San Diego, because he got here
a day before we did.
The other one that we've gotten,
I don't know why we've gotten such a... I'll say this, we're ragging on him. I really like the
new character. The new character! And I don't know why we've got this fucking...
This is going to, I think, last me on tour, because it's maybe my favorite
thing I've ever done. We have this huge
Noel Coward-esque cast of characters that Travis is dipping into
just for this one tour, and this one is
whenever there's a dessert or rich food offered, we have to deny it,
and then Travis has to say, oh come on, let's be bad. Just this once, let's be bad.
He did it with
the cinnamon
bun I had at breakfast today. He did it at the, we've been to the bar,
the pool bar at the Marriott twice. He did it with churros
both times there? Yeah. And he gets furious. The churros
showed up, and I reached over to grab one, and Travis said, no, no, no, no, no. And I was like, what the fuck are you...
Oh, I really shouldn't eat these churros.
He's going to go straight to my hips, and then... No, let's be bad.
Now what, Travis? Well, Travis, you can cut us off a slice. I want to drink the rest of the...
God, you know, we've got a show to do. I really shouldn't...
Now...
Listen, we've worked really hard this weekend.
Let's be bad.
Justin! I really think we've earned it.
Just this once. Just this once! I'm not done!
Okay. Just this once.
This character... I'm not done! Please, please,
please be done. Let's be bad. And good.
This character was born out of the fact that all of your meals here in San Diego when you go to a
restaurant are apparently just like, they bring them to your table and just
upend them out of a fucking duffel bag because it's the biggest fucking portion sizes
I've ever seen in my life. This is not a joke.
We asked the waiter about it this morning, and he said, I don't get it either. Yeah, it's fucked up.
I usually order off the kid's menu is what he said.
Sorry that we got rolling a little late. I know you guys were outside
a little bit longer, so I'm sorry. I'm apologizing even though it wasn't my fault at all. Blame Mystery Science Theater
3000 for being too funny for too long.
We're gonna do an intermission, which we've never done before, but we
realized there's a thing I guess they invented in the opera,
in the 16th century, where the opera singers would be like, man, I got pissed.
So we're gonna do one of those, and then after that we're gonna
come back and do some Q&A stuff. Not Q&A, that's a fucked up way.
Yeah, no. If you've ever wondered how we do our
thing, don't do that. Just be more show.
It's not gonna be like a behind the scenes direct. It's just gonna be more of the show.
The second half, you know, like intermission.
But what that means is extra long, and it'll get a little weird in here, but
we're all... It's a safe place.
During intermission there will be, if they're still out there, posters for sale
designed by Evan Palmer. They are fucking incredible.
Beautiful. They're really beautiful. They are also pre-signed, so
partake. Let's get into this shit.
I have really pointy elbows.
Previously this hasn't been a problem. Someone once thanked me for elbowing them in the face
by accident during San Diego Comic Con. But recently...
Did someone thanked? I don't understand that. Thank? Yes!
You knocked it back into place.
Several events have made me reconsider the advantages of being able to elbow anyone out of my way.
I popped a friend's air mattress with just my elbow. Holy shit!
That's pretty serious. And my partner
will only cuddle with me conditionally out of fear that I'm going to make a wrong move
and make her double over in pain. Do you have any
suggestions as to how I can stop inadvertently causing my loved one's pain
and financial ruin from HER?
HER, are you here? Are you her?
Hi! It's really dark. Hey, what's up? Okay.
If you could just shout... Why did the person thank you for elbowing them?
Oh, okay. So they weren't really thanking you
specifically for elbowing them in the face. I need to repeat what she said into the microphone
for the posterity.
No, there's not. They were looking for the place where the ticket
was and you pointed them in the right direction with your elbow.
Can a dull elbow not accomplish that same task? Or check this out!
I got two of these!
Did you really? Okay, I don't...
Did you really? Wait, everyone stay out of this.
This is just between me and her.
Did you really pop an air mattress with your elbow?
It was mine! Okay, yeah.
We got evidence. The wronged party is here.
Did you like lay down and then turn over and then
did you wake up on a flat piece of plastic
and think not again?
These elbows?
And then you had the Incredible Hulk walk down the street hitchhiking.
Are we talking like apocalypse style
bone spurs coming out of them? Yeah, I was about to ask if it's a jagged bone spur situation.
Sorry, we're asking you so many questions. You're sitting so far away.
We just want to know if you're doomsday.
People get that joke. He had bony elbows.
I mean, I'm sure there's some sort of
orthopedic surgery option, but that's not fun.
And also, God doesn't make any mistakes. You got those elbows for a reason.
You gotta Rudolph this shit.
There's some sort of Rudolph scenario. Have you seen the movie?
Won't you fucking stab a bunch of folks tonight?
What's gonna happen? David Tennant's trying to get through Comic Con.
He's like, no one will make room. And you're like, I've got it, David.
Except you didn't because you got the surgery to get rid of them.
Have you ever seen the movie Signs? It's basically like that, except
you're gonna take all your glasses of water and throw them in the toilet.
They're allergic to water. Fuck, I cleaned all those up.
Where's my baseball bat? I don't know. I'm a grown man.
It's in storage. I don't know where the baseball bat is.
All the aliens look like big air mattresses. Fucking sweet.
Aw, damn it. I had that surgery yesterday. I can't defend Earth.
Like Jesus wanted me to.
God don't make ugly.
We didn't say anything remotely helpful. Do you all want a yahoo, though?
I just saw
your t-shirt in the front row. Yeah, it says, they horny for this one.
It's very, very good.
This one was sent in by... Somebody yelled, we are!
This one was sent in by Level9000. Yeah, Drew, Drew, Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew. Oh.
Are you here, Drew? Just shout a big barbaric yell.
I fucking...
I was just shaken by your fucking Fus Ro Dah all the way up.
Thank you, Drew. You are a champion and a scholar.
It's by YahDrewAnswersUser... Oh, the website's not
loading. Very good.
The something's gone wrong has popped up. I'll refresh it. That was a mistake.
The data's gone. And it's back. Still not giving me the user's name.
Fine, fuck. Christian Bale. Christian Bale asks...
My parents found my bong?
I had a water bottle bong in one of my sports bags in my closet.
And mom thinks that it is for drugs, but she's not sure.
And it reeks of smoke. While my dad thinks it is
for an experiment I did or something.
I plan on telling them that I planned on seeing how a leaves smell
by burning a leaf on the bong and smelling the smoke.
I've never smoked in my life. Do you think I can get away with it?
I'm very paranoid of getting caught. I wonder why.
You're bad at this. I'm very paranoid of getting caught and they haven't found
bud or lighter. I would say to this question asker, you don't have to be
paranoid about getting caught. You got caught. You got caught, it sounds like.
How cool is this dad?
I think it's for drugs.
I've never seen one of those before. That's an Erlenmeyer flask.
As a parent myself, I can promise you
your parents will take whatever to get out of this situation.
If you give them something in the same zip code as plausible
deniability, they're going to leap right on that. Oh, we don't have to parent this one.
He was just burning leaves in a science experiment to see what they smelled
like. You know how when you're in science class and you burn
something and the science teacher is like... Now smell, huff that shit.
Everybody, don't waft it you wuss. Get in there.
First huff this shit. It's the control group. Now that one.
Science. How does that smell? Cool.
That's science. You just did science. That's all it is.
You know the experiment. What does it smell like? That's not a
scientific experiment. That's a creative writing prompt.
You dullard.
Hi, it's me, Neil deGrasse Tyson.
Did you do the experiment I told you about on television?
You know, if the entirety of human existence was a calendar,
then point zero zero
zero one second to midnight is where you smell.
Oh, I didn't know you were doing Neil deGrasse Tyson there for a second. Okay.
I didn't sound like Neil deGrasse Tyson. No, it was weird. You didn't.
Neil, are you here?
I can't hear Neil. Holy shit, he's here and there's eighteen
of them. It's our worst nightmare. Neil deGrasse Tyson
is cloning himself. How about another question?
Yeah. Hey boys. Hi.
I've been cosplaying at conventions for years and a few cons
ago, an artist at a convention took a photo of me and asked
to do a painting of me based off of it. The resulting painting was
not so great. I'm reluctant to hang
it in my home, but I feel like I shouldn't get rid of it. Help?
What do I do with this huge painting of me dressed in a silly
superhero outfit? And that's from Stacy. Stacy here.
Hi. Wait, are you a Cuvian throat singer?
Why were there two?
I just want to say, I heard when you said, took a picture, the acoustics
in here are fucking incredible because I heard when you said they took a picture and wanted to do a painting
of it, I heard one person two thousand feet away go, ugh.
I did see today, I saw today on the convention floor
someone take a photo of someone else's
art piece and it was all I could do not to destroy that camera.
Because the art piece,
that's theft. It's just that one thing. The camera's pretty much getting it.
Getting it. You got it. You got all the art in there.
You should, let me help. This is an advice show.
Throw it in the trash can.
No, no, no. Short sighted. Short sighted.
I watched many a sitcom. Okay.
I just rewatched Seinfeld. Have you guys seen it?
It's pretty good. That was a very tepid response.
Yeah. I cannot believe, by the way, IDW announced they're bringing it back
as a limited run here at Comic Con for eight issues. They're going to finish
a lot of the storylines that they left lingering. Are the pretzels making you thirsty?
They are. Yeah, they are. It turns out. Issue three. The crisis on infinite pretzels.
I'm very excited for it. But here's what's going to happen. You throw that
away. Someone drives by. They see the painting. They're like, oh, it's pretty nice. And then they take it.
Then, 15 years from now, they get it appraised and hang it
in some kind of gallery. The artist sees it and like, where did you find this?
In the garbage. And they cry.
Or, I mean, by that point, having their work valued
highly would probably be... They'd probably be maybe a little stoked in this imaginary
situation you came up with. No, they painted that for you.
It was a gift. I didn't want a bunch of people to see it and be worth money.
You're bad at... Wait, hold on. I just had a huge realization.
If an artist's painting sells for a bunch of money, the artist doesn't get that money.
If I sell a painting I already own, I get that money.
The artist is like, my painting sold for how much? Fuck! Damn it!
Hey, artist, what the fuck?
You should keep getting money off of that. That sucks. I'm gonna work on that
for you and see what I can't come up with.
I got some things cooking. So, Travis, your version of the
Antiques Roadshow is you go to the Antiques Roadshow and say,
listen, I had something and I don't now.
What do you think that is worth?
That would be the best version. It already happens now.
It's my favorite version of the Antiques Roadshow. They're like, I have this lamp.
And it's like, did you polish this? I did.
Well, polish, it's worth $15. But with the patina,
two million. Well, thank you.
I would love it on one episode if they're like, and did you
do you have the gravy bowl that comes with it?
Oh, actually I don't. I threw it out, didn't I? And then the
Antiques Roadshow, the person just puts their head on the table and is like, Motherfucker!
Fuck!
Fuck! And it's 15 minutes of that.
And it just keeps cutting back to them. And it's a pledge drive.
So that's not...
Did you still have the dust cover to this?
No, when I bought it, I didn't have the dust cover. Oh, okay.
Son of a fucking
shit. That is all I've ever wanted from Great British Bake Off
is for Paul Hollywood to take a
bite of something and then look at the person and go, this tastes like dog shit.
It's all I've ever wanted. All I've wanted is to watch
The Great British Bake Show and Mary Berry takes a bite of something and says, this tastes like dog shit.
Well, I want Antiques Roadshow, except the person's like,
I think it's worth $15,000, but who cares what I think? And then Mary Berry comes out and
takes a bite of the painting.
It's a good bike, isn't it? You did really good.
Wouldn't it be funny if the tent fell down?
What if Paul Hollywood just like,
farted? What are we doing? Why are people here?
I think you've got a future
at SNL, young man. How about this
Yahoo is sent in by Zoe Kinski. Thank you, Zoe Kinski.
Zoe, are you here?
Okay, that would have been like a gathering of the stars that I was not
ready for. It's by Yahoo Answers user Katie, who
asks, Katie has 66% best answers. That's the highest fucking
Katie knows what's up. How to sneak pancakes
into a movie theater.
My brother and I are going to see a movie on
Friday morning, and we wanted to get IHOP.
And then we thought it would be awesome to do both at once.
But that means we'd have to sneak takeout in, and that's a full meal.
Yep, we have a few ideas on how to do this,
but they mostly suck. So does anyone have ideas? That was not
my editorializing. And then a little smiley face at the end to let you
know, like, it's all fun.
Here's the thing. At this table, two of us
have had jobs at movie theaters.
Justin, you worked at a movie theater once, didn't you? No, at Blockbuster, it's the movie theater
in your home. The rest of that sense was going to be, and across this table,
we have been fired twice from Blockbuster. But we've worked at
movie theaters twice, and I feel like the sneaking food in thing
is something that everybody's a little paranoid about,
that you couldn't be bothered less about. Yeah, I couldn't get less of his shit.
You could walk into my movie theater with a pizza
and a growler, and I'd be like...
Wearing a sport coat made of the pizza you plan to eat during the movie.
And I'd be like, you didn't have to, just go. Go.
Fine, yeah. Enjoy Sky High, I don't fucking care.
Enjoy Sky High, just...
Some Sky High fans, good crowd for that, I guess.
Alright, so, just so I'm clear, fuck Seinfeld, but Sky High is...
Awesome.
You've gotta get a top hat.
And the thing is, you're gonna have to
stack some cakes. You're gonna do some cake stacking.
In your hat. And then, that's easy. We've got the easy part solved.
Cakes, pancakes. But then, you're gonna get the shi...
Wait, you gotta do it dry. Gotta do it dry. Gotta do it dry, because you're gonna get those shitty plastic ramekins
that are designed to open. That are designed to open... How do you know so much about how the
IHOP fucking goes? How they IHOP-erate?
That's gonna be the hard thing is... Wait! No, that sucked, don't...
That was bad. IHOP-erate? I wanna hear stories of Justin's IHOP experience.
So, what... You're just gonna have to dump the syrup
on and get a good seal going.
Oh, wait! Straight up, freeze the syrup. Freeze the syrup.
Then warm it up in your hands in the movie.
And then, listen, you're gonna be tempted to go too far, and then you'll
just have syrup on your hands, and that's gonna be tricky. This process, it's gonna
make a lot of noise, because you're gonna be in the theater just like...
And someone will turn around and say, like, can you please keep it down? It's fucking Despicable
Me 3, and, like, my kids, can you please... And then you turn to them... I can't hear the
minions of the important dialogue. You turn to them, and what's great is you go...
And you look like a weird syrup monster, and no one fucks with that.
Wouldn't it be sweet if movie theaters finally started selling syrup warmers?
And they're just like, yeah, we get it.
That'll be seven dollars.
So you get a watertight, syrup-tight seal on your top hat.
The problem is this, and I know you've all been thinking, but Justin,
wait. I've thought about it. When you go in, you see a
gentleman or a gentle lady, and they're gonna doff their cap to you.
Ah, shit. And then it's like, am I gonna leave a
gentle bro hanging or not? Because if I open it...
Preserves. It's gonna be fucking compote.
Compote sliding down your grill. That's no good.
But you're not gonna leave a gentle person hanging. I gotta go for it.
Gotta do it. That's how they get you. That's why they have a doffer at every entrance.
Yeah. Ah!
You doff your hat. Runts. Just falling down your face. Bulk runts.
It's...
I tried to explain to them, like, no, it's much cheaper
out there. They give you a lot of it for less money,
so I just did that. No, they're structural runs. Do you have
price matching? Because I'll do that here.
I would watch this show, and it's just about the plight of a ticket taker,
who anytime anybody comes in with like a unique garb,
a uniquely spacious garb, like some of the platform shoes, like,
all right, go on in, but I'm looking for fucking spaghetti
hanging out of those. The show's just called
It's Cool, I'm Stoned.
They should have a bake car where a guy hands you
a box of Junior Mints outside. Hey, can you hold these for me?
It's for a friend. I left the... She's inside. Maybe just carry these inside.
When I worked as security at a
big electronic retailing... It's Best Buy, why are you being real? Shut up!
I'm under an NDA!
I'm not. It's fine. They're cool.
They understand. Taking a while to back into this Best Buy story.
It's gonna be a good one, guys. Strap in. With this much build up?
One of the things that you had to do to arrest someone was prove that
they intended to leave without paying, so just because you
saw someone put it in their pocket, maybe they were gonna pull it back out and pay for it at the register.
This is my payment pocket.
I need these hands free!
I wanted to remind myself to buy it, so I put it here so I wouldn't forget.
So one time, this person was stealing a bunch of stuff,
and they walked through the detectors and it beeped, and they looked at me
and I was like, you're cool! Travis!
Because if they didn't walk out the door, I wouldn't get the arrest!
What the fuck? Did you immediately go outside and tackle them?
No, the cops did that. That I had called.
And prepared for this moment.
You're on stage describing entrapment, and also...
Did you have a commission of just like...
No, but I did jump up and down so hard and, joy, I hurt my ankle.
Because you got someone arrested?
This is confusing to me, because if you're in Best Buy Laws Prevention,
they have to leave the store before you can prove stealing, right?
You take one fucking step out of that
store, and you're nothing. Like, you don't have jurisdiction
outside the store, right? You have no power out there.
So where is the horizon?
Hey, is this the police?
Be ready. No, you did 811. We get this all the time, though.
Try again. This is Sketchers.
Alright, Sketchers.
Why is your phone number so fucking short?
Wait, did you say Sketchers? Yeah, they're also at the mall.
Oh, okay, got it. Thank you. Come along with me.
Also, I don't think that's a thing. I don't think there's a Sketchers store at the mall.
Wait, hold on. Oh, please, we gotta do more fucking questions
instead of talking about stores at the Huntington Mall.
My partner... but did you hear the Payless and the Shoe Carnival merged?
Really? They're just one big fucking shoe carnival now.
Get out. It's madness. That seems like a monopoly.
I love any investment in the old girl. I'm just happy to see the dollars
at the Huntington Mall. Also, they expanded the dicks, so now it's a dicks
and a field and stream. Get the fuck out. I'm serious.
Really? Did they have a pet store back? For a while,
they built an additional entrance to dicks because they were changing the other one
to field and stream, so for a while there were just two dicks there.
This sucks so bad. What's at the Pied Piper now?
The Pied Piper, it's a US Army recruitment station.
Really? And there's some parallelism there if you want to get into the...
Two pretzel places. Really?
Which one's better? One's a kiosk. Is that Excalibur?
What? Excalibur? Excalibur's still selling swords and Hummel figurines.
Nice, nice, nice. Crushing it. They closed. I thought it'd be funnier.
Did they rebuild the Caramel Corn store after it burned? Sorry? The Caramel Corn store?
Please, oh God, you had to say it twice. That's double...
Caramel Corn store is now Dave's. They have Caramel Corn,
but also other things. You know, if Caramel Corn fought to diversify,
they might not have burned down. Let me get in on the bit, actually.
I forgot we had a Caramel Corn store at the mall.
Not a restaurant, a retailer. I love it. How about another
fucking question?
That was the sound of relief.
The Caramel Corn store at the mall was called Caramel Corn,
but they spelled it with K's. Okay, guys.
Good try. Having fun with it. How about another question?
My partner and I both like dancing,
especially at parties. We wanted to up our wow factor, so we're thinking
of choreographing a full dance that we can whip out whenever
a certain song comes on. Go back to talking about the Huntington Mall.
The question is,
what party song do we use?
And that's from Matilda. Matilda, I have some bad news. You've chosen the wrong question.
We see this sometimes.
I didn't know questions could be wrong.
Are you here, Matilda? Yeah, sorry.
No, that's fair.
I'm thinking about the amount of effort that goes into
choreographing a dance that you can bust out at events.
We all understand the impulse. Everyone wants to look like a dancing queen.
We've all seen a goofy movie and thought that would be...
That's the dream. But at the same time, you work really hard
to master this dance. How many times can you do it before your friends
show up to a party and you're like,
do you want to funk on that thing? And they're like, fuck! God!
Oh, good point, Griffin. So what you need to do,
choreograph a dance. That can work to any song? Do it to any song.
Song comes on, yeah. This one.
Do the chicken dance, but it's not the chicken dance. No, it's not.
It's your own thing. It's a turkey dance. Matilda, you... It's not great.
That's the best joke I had. Shit.
Matilda, I'm not sure you should do this thing.
I think that it would be pretty fun the first time, but I do think that there's going to be some
devaluing in repetition with this, where you'll feel very good
about it the first time, and honestly, the first time, people are going to fucking nut about it.
They're going to be really stoked about it, and you'll feel stoked about it,
and then you'll be like, those McElroy idiots, they don't know anything. And then it's going to be
a funeral, or it's going to be...
The song's going to come on, and there's going to be a part of you that's like, this isn't appropriate.
And then there's going to be another part of you where it's like, we did practice a lot.
Seems like a shame to miss it. And this is maybe the only time
I'm ever going to be at a funeral where they're playing Uptown Funk.
But the slow ballad version. The slow acoustic Uptown Funk.
Uptown funk you up, I said Uptown funk you up.
What if you pulled a move directly from 90s TV
and just yelled, do the Matilda!
And then just saw what everybody did, and whatever they did was down the Matilda.
That's the dance, I like that. That's the Matilda, everybody going, hmm? That's the dance!
You know what else I like?
You get this dance going at a friend's wedding, steal the fucking spotlight, love that.
Take that, Derek! And then...
You fucking pack your bags, you move away. I'm talking about
you are now living an Incredible Hulk Pretender-esque lifestyle
where it's just like, hey, yeah, I just moved here to Milwaukee, I need some new friends.
You spend like a month ingratiating yourself, getting invited to that new party,
and then you're like, is this Uptown Funk?
You folk it up. No, it's Garth Brooks' The Dance, and we've told you
that several times. And then it's like, where did Matilda go? Ah, moved to Phoenix.
Had work there.
Let me suggest this. They play Uptown Funk.
Natural.
You dance to it bad. Oh, no.
Everyone's like, mmm, mmm, and move. I thought they practiced this, that wasn't very good.
Yeah, this is bad, right? And then you turn to the DJ and you go, you know what?
Give us one more shot.
Play Uptown Funk twice in a row!
And then the DJ...
The DJ sees something in your eyes.
And he goes, you know what? Gotta give him a shot.
And he plays that again, and everyone's like, didn't we just play this?
Is he okay?
But then they see you swing dance to it, which is of course the best dancing.
To Uptown Funk, it's the best dancing
you can do is an old-timey swing dance. It fits to any song.
Sure. Have you not seen swing dance?
How about a Yahoo?
This one was sent in by Level 9000. Yajur Juju, do you have it in port? Thank you, Juju.
It's from Yajur Answers Users.
Oh, this is 200th one!
Yeah!
Can we get a little bit of house lights, please? Can we get the house lights up, please?
Can we get house lights up, please? House lights.
A little bit. If that's possible, house lights. House lights.
One sec. House lights.
Ladies and gentlemen, Drew Davenport!
Drew Davenport!
Alright, now back to us. Now let's do it.
Hey, wait a minute. Drew's dead. It's our show now.
Let's do the question. Wait a minute, this one's super racist. Drew!
Drew, you milkshake ducked us.
This one's asked by Yajur Answers User, Sarah W,
who asks, does Batman eat or drink while he is Batman, or does
he wait until he is Bruce Wayne?
I think...
Travis is laughing for a very specific reason that we'll get into in a second.
I think that Batman is in costume so long sometimes that he must at least drink water
to keep himself hydrated. But my friend thinks that there must be
a hydration IV in Batman's utility belt. Not fucking Dune!
That makes a lot... Not in a Freeman suit!
That makes a lot of sense. Batman doesn't know how long he's going to be hiding up there
when he's in the rafters or what have you.
So he just wants the hydration built in and a catheter, we must assume.
My favorite Batman series is Batman
The Catheter is Assumed. It only ran for a few
issues. It was soundly rejected by critics, but it meant
something to me, damn it. Here's why I'm laughing. When Griffin and I
were walking to the Avengers Zone show yesterday, we saw a guy
in a full Christian Bale Batman
Dark Knight Batman ordering some
food. He was still wearing the
cowl and everything. And then we had a lot of fun
with the rest of our walk of just like, are the samosas particularly spicy?
How spicy are the samosas?
Is the non-dairy free?
This is fun.
I would actually love to like, I don't know how we do this, but I would love to hear
from the audience about my favorite, this is my first time at Comic Con
and it's been, thank you, thank you. I don't know why I'm thanking you
I came to a show, I did a thing.
The best part, other than watching Justin's face
as he is slowly consumed by a mob of people
racing to meet the cast of The Flash. Quick side note, I was trying
to cross the fucking floor and I hear, is anybody out there
like The Flash? The answer from everyone on Earth was
yeah. And then I hear, welcome to the stage, the cast of The Flash
and I look up and just like a fucking omen of death, there's
John Wesley Shipp just staring back at me. It might also have been Grant Gustin
I have a hard time telling them a part that looks so similar to their father and son. And they're
looking down at me and I realize, oh God.
I can see them so good. And then I turn around
and it's just like this mob of iPhones raised high in the air
squishing me and my dad as we try to get
away from the show floor and get out of there and we were almost killed
by this horde of people trying to see the cast of this show.
I'm sorry, does it have to stop you? No, Travis, you don't because I'm going to be
the first to say flash mob out loud. No, no, no.
No, I'm sorry. Our dad has just texted us. Our dad
has just texted us mid show. I saw a Golden Age Flash
riding on one of those pedal thingies yesterday. That's very good.
Golden Age Flash in a pedigab is funny on a lot of different levels. But this is what, this is
my favorite thing of Comic Con is cosplay people
as characters doing mundane things that it is so inappropriate.
And this is all time, maybe funniest thing I've ever fucking
seen in my whole life. And I feel uncomfortable conjuring the specter of this
scene here during this live show because it's going to be funnier than anything that we could possibly say.
When we were at the Marriott pool bar the other day, I
was walking outside and I passed by a table
and there was Dumbledore and he was
eating out of a styrofoam to go box some buffalo wings.
We saw
Pepsi Man peeing in a urinal.
We saw Pepsi Man piss in the bathroom. We got here
day one, we're like let's go to the bathroom before we get into it and there was fucking
Pepsi Man just like pissing.
That's become my new favorite thing to see these really intricate cosplays.
Like that's great. And then the first, if they walk in the bathroom they have to go, fuck.
If you've got a really good one. Can we get house lights?
House lights for a second. If you've got a really good one. Cosplay character doing an awesome
mundane thing. Yeah, it has to be superhero doing a mundane thing, two it has to be
real, if you lie we'll know, and three it has to be short. If you have something
fitting that description. Not as many takers as I thought there would be for this. We have microphones
somewhere, right? You can also just shout it, I don't think the mics are out just yet.
Okay, hold on, wait, I'm just going to, right here.
That's pretty good. You had to put your cape over your shoulder when you went to the restroom.
I felt weird repeating that, but.
That's fine. Right there in the back.
Oh shit.
Hold on, we have to repeat these things into the microphone. Griffin, what did he see?
You saw a guy dressed as Sasuke from Naruto get arrested.
Now I will say this,
I've never been arrested and taken to jail, but if I was,
I would love to be dressed up like a Naruto character.
I saw last night walking down the street
with my friends Paul and Storm, I saw a superhero
bunched up vomiting.
And I saw a lot of other superheroes walk by without helping.
This is specifically what Uncle Ben was
talking about. This is my favorite parable, Jesus, thank you for sharing it with me.
Right here.
Hold on, I'm pointing at this person. We'll do the balcony in a second.
Saw Batman petting a ferret.
Dr. Manhattan eating a hot dog.
You fucking teleported to Jupiter, what are you doing?
Princess Belle complaining about her boyfriend on a cell phone.
Right there, I'm looking, yes.
Yes, you and then the person who's right next to you. You first.
You're standing up. You're doing it.
A Power Ranger with a cell phone in his crotch.
When they did that, did the fucking Megazord show up?
Oh.
Excellent, right behind you.
Drunk Naruto barfing down the front just like Naruto does.
I've never seen Naruto.
I saw a Harley Quinn and the Joker
that she was with calling her mom to be picked up.
That's extremely good.
I'm like a dog chasing my mom's car.
I wouldn't know what to do with it if I caught it.
I'd get in her midsize sedan
and I'd go back to dad's house
because it's every other weekend.
Yes, stand up.
Be cool.
Get the fuck right out.
PETA called the cops on the furry convention?
That doesn't fit within the context of our thing, but I very much appreciate this.
Hold on, wait. Time out. I'm sensing there's more.
Yeah, the LAPD officer.
That's what I expected. There's a cop going, and what do I...
And who do I arrest?
I can't arrest a fucking dog.
Yo, yo, yo. Furries can do infinite crime.
Yeah.
This guy's holding my fucking plasma screen television
that he just took out of my house. What are you talking about? That's a big dog.
Wasting my time. That's a panda.
Should we... Yeah, let's call it for now. Thank you all very much for your fun stories.
We're going to go take an intermission and then we'll be back and we'll do some audience stuff.
We'll be right back. Alright, we'll be right back. Thank you.
Do you think they can hear that airplane? Maybe.
We're sleeping on the tarmac tonight. We're having a tarmac campout here in Los Angeles at the beautiful
Los Angeles X Airport. I don't know why they call it that.
Hey, I want to call it the LA Airport. Put an X on there.
Yeah, it makes it better. All the kids are in the X games right now. It's a very hot airport.
Thanks for listening to the live show that we just did. Where?
Here in San Diego. Here in California.
Yeah, here on the West Coast. But up on it from where we are now at the beautiful Lox Airport.
Let's tell them what we got them money wise. I got you a slice of
something right here and it's called Squarespace. If you want to
make a website about how good this episode is, you're not going to
be able to find an easier, more pleasurable, streamlined way of
doing it than Squarespace. It's a very horny
process. There's a lot of sort of, on their website
a lot of very sexy stick art. It's a hypersexual
hyperlink experience. You can create a beautiful website
with Squarespace's award winning templates and all in one
platform. Nothing to install, patch or upgrade ever.
Make your next move with Squarespace.
Also they got, if you're a bit of a neophyte you might need a little bit of help.
Squarespace provides award winning 24-7 customer support.
Now you can get a free trial and 10% off your first
purchase if you go to squarespace.com slash
my brother. That address one more time. Squarespace.com
slash my brother. I would like to tell you about Audible.
I am a big and long time fan of Audible.
Audiobooks are about the only way I read nowadays.
I know. I'm too busy to do stuff with
my hands. I just got these two ears. I don't know why I'm doing this voice.
Audible content includes an unmatched selection of audio programs
from leading audiobook publishers, broadcasters, entertainers, magazines
and newspaper publishers and business information providers.
Audible content is downloaded and played back on your smartphone, portable device
or your PC. You might enjoy
I just read The Disaster Artist
as written by and narrated by Greg Sestero. Oh that's fantastic.
Highly recommend. Audible is offering our listeners a free 30 day trial
membership. Just go to audible.com slash my brother all in one word.
Plus their unmatched selection of audio programs. Download a free title and start listening.
Is that easy? Just go to audible.com slash my brother.
It's audible.com slash my brother. Get started today. Do you love Harry Potter?
Yes. Good. No you don't understand.
I'm in love with Mr. Potter. Do you love Mr. Potter? Then you should check
out your wizard Harry. Oh there's another airplane.
Don't get caught up in the jets of it. It's a Harry Potter
podcast where friends recap the books and discuss everything Harry Potter.
Currently they are on Prisoner of Azkaban. If you love
drama you won't want to miss the trivia rounds during which the hosts
vie for the Quizzich cup. Oh nice. Nice.
And generally get mad at each other. If you want to find it.
I hope it's not too serious. They keep alight. You know them.
You can search for your wizard Harry on iTunes
or you can go to geeklyinc.com
to find out more. I love by the way Justin's impression
of Gary Sinise doing an impression of Hagrid.
I was going to say Rip Torn doing an impression of Hagrid. It's much more Gary Sinise.
I have a personal Jumbotron message. This one's for Morgan and it's from
Andrew Jose or Jose who says
since I have no idea when this message will be up we'll combine all of the
2017 things it can possibly hit. Congrats on getting into grad school.
I hope. What a cold shot there Andrew Jose. Although I'm sure
Morgan pulled it off. Happy birthday. Good luck at
Camp Hollywood and ILHC and Merry Christmas. But above
all I hope this message finds you full of happiness. Love Andrew.
I like that intern there Andrew. You know what but you know what really matters?
The friends we made along the way. We have some very
important things that we need you to know about. First Monday night
we are on an episode of At Midnight with Chris Hardwick. Earlier today we can say that.
Well when you listen to this last night. If we sound loosey goosey we're coming down
off that being on TV the national television for the first time stress.
But you should go check it out on the Comedy Central website
and if you like it tell other people to watch it.
Other stuff. Can we talk about? Yeah we should.
We're doing live shows. This fall we're doing a lot of live shows.
All over. Yeah so basically
we are going to be putting tickets on sale this Friday
at noon local time to the different locations. We are going
on tour two on September 8th Brooklyn New York at the King's Theater.
September 9th Washington D.C. at the Lisner Auditorium.
September 10th in Boston at the Wilbur Theater.
Then October we're coming down south. October 20th
we're going to be at the Cobb Energy Theater I guess. Is that a field?
Cobb Energy. Sounds serious. That's in Atlanta Georgia and then
on the 21st we're going to be doing MBMBAM in Nashville at Andrew Jackson
Hall and then on the 22nd the day after we're going to be doing also at Andrew Jackson
Hall in Nashville the Adventure Zone. November
we're hitting the Chicago Theater on November 17th.
You can guess what city that's in. The Orpheum Theater
in Minneapolis on November 18th and the Riverside Theater in Milwaukee on
November 19th. And to finish up along
in conjunction I would say in the time schedule with
PodCon in December we will be doing an Adventure Zone
live at the Pantages Theater in Tacoma Washington
December 8th. So all those tickets are going on sale this
Friday at noon local to the times where the cities are.
If you live in one of those cities or you want to get there for one of those shows
we have no quality control we could possibly do
with any of these things. So be online and ready to buy tickets
ahead of time and may the odds be ever in your favor.
I hope everything goes well but it's kind of
way beyond our pay grade. We're going to have links to all these
if you go to mackleroyshows.com we'll have a
header tours and you can click that and get the links
but it'll be noon your time on Friday this Friday
even the shows in December go on sale this Friday. We'll tweet the links and everything too.
Good luck and we love you and
please come out and tell everybody because they're big shows and
we haven't been to some of these places before at all so we just want to make sure to see everybody
because sometimes it takes a long time in between us doing this stuff so
come on out. I think that's it yeah? Yep. Enjoy the rest of the show thank you
to everybody who came out we had a lot of fun and everybody who came out for the midnight taping that was
a really really cool thing. We appreciate y'all.
Do you love books? Want to get more out of all that reading you do? I'm Bria Grant. And I'm Mallory O'Mara.
Join us every Thursday on Reading Glasses where we help you read better.
Reading Glasses is a show about book culture teaching you how to enhance your literary life
and solve your bookish problems like how do you get out of a reading slump? What's the best book
light to use in bed while your partner's trying to sleep? Where do you hide the bodies of the people who
talk while you're trying to read? In the basement of my apartment building. Oh that's a good place.
Let Bria and I improve your reading life every Thursday on Reading Glasses. Maximum Fun's
new culture podcast. Learn how to read better.
I want a munch! What?
I want to munch! What?
Welcome everybody to Munch Squad.
It's a show within a show.
Normally the podcast is just my brother, my brother and me but today
it's the Munch Squad.
This is like the tenth time you've done Munch Squad.
It was not a good transition.
Thanks Dad.
Today's Munch Squad was submitted to us by one Sydney McElroy.
It's funny.
She doesn't care for my brother, my brother and me so much. Huge Munch Squad
fan. Deep in the squad.
Whoever makes those Munch Squad only YouTube cuts, Sydney sure appreciates
that. Applebee's has introduced a new
topped and loaded menu. Wait, Applebee's?
Eating good in the neighborhood? That's the one except
it's not that. It's eating bad in the neighbor sad.
Thanks.
Okay, the thing I enjoy about the topped and loaded menu
is that as I say the words to you, it's going
to sound normal and then your brain is going to start processing
it and you're going to realize that that is not the case.
Applebee's Neighborhood Grill and Bar today unveils Topped and Loaded, a limited time
lineup of craveable, customizable entrees.
Starting at only $10.99 at participating restaurants, the topped and loaded menu features
four protein choices. Let me just say, so appetizing.
Three delicious toppers and four side options.
Giving guests an abundance of mouth watering combinations to choose
from. Guests are invited to explore a variety of options
and build their perfect meal.
If this is your perfect meal, please.
My last meal, I want it to be topped and loaded.
Let's be bad.
Do you want dessert?
Well, we did kill 18 people. I was very bad when I did all the murders
and I'm going to continue being bad. Top and load that shit.
It says they can build their perfect meal
with these three simple steps. Oh, boy. You know you got a real
hit on your hands when there's a flow chart for your dinner.
So you start with your protein base. It says that.
Like, soylent. Like, start with
A, chicken breast. B, bone-in pork chop. Nice.
Oh, it's bone-in. Never mind.
Six ounce USDA Choicetop Soreloin or
eight ounce USDA Choicetop Soreloin. All right.
I don't know how my hunger differentiates between the exact same
six or eight ounce steak, but here we go. You know what?
I'm hungry, but I'm only three quarters
as hungry as I might be. Actually, can you shave
one ounce off the eight? Because I feel like a seven. I'm seven
ounce hungry. You got to pour the eight into the six ounce and what's left?
My heart puzzle. Excuse me. I saw you shave one ounce off of his steak.
I want a seven by order of six. Can I have his ounce? So we all have
sevens. Then you're going to pick your topper on your
protein, and here are the options. See? The Cajun
shrimp topper, which includes blackened shrimp, salted onions, and savory lemon
butter. I feel kind of bad for shrimp that it didn't make the protein base
cut. Bacon, beer, cheese
topper. That's made of Blue Moon white cheddar cheese
beer cheese, spared. No expense. This is just called the goodbye option.
Nah, that one's next.
Bacon, crispy onions, and fresh green onions. Hey Applebee's,
I trust you to put something fresh on my top that loaded about as far
as I can throw you, but thank you. It's very sweet of you to write.
And finally, the marinara mozzarella
stick topper. And then it says, the
next part of the sentence is consisting of, and it's like, yeah, I fucking get it.
You fucking assholes. I know what you're
doing. Crispy mozzarella sticks, classic
marinara sauce, and a parmesan cream sauce.
What the fuck?
How do you get a steak, and you put mozzarella
sticks on it, and then you put marinara on it, and someone's like,
there's something missing.
I could do more. Here's the thing, I am not above
ordering mozzarella sticks as an
appetizer, and then a steak
as the dinner, but if the server tripped,
and dropped
the app plate on the steak plate,
I would say, redo that.
Try again. This isn't fine.
I have to ask a question of this character. Is there a
limit to Let's Be Bad, where
they put mozzarella sticks on a steak, and then they put marinara sauce on
the sticks, and then they put a fucking parmesan cream sauce
on top of the other sauce? Well, Let's Be Bad, see that, and say like...
Well, here's the... Nobody's that
bad. It's the difference between Let's Be Bad, and Let's Fuck Up.
But what does Applebee's have to say for themselves? We're sorry.
We're so, so sorry. Our topped and loaded
menu gives guests what they've always wanted.
If they really admit it. Look within yourself.
It gives our guests what they've always wanted. A cheap and easy death.
A swift, painful passing
from this thing they call mortality. A mozzarella
escape. A mozzarella mortality escape. To show up
in front of St. Peter's, Pearly Gates, and have him say, you look like shit.
Did he do the parmesan sauce?
Jesus! You smell like ass. You gave them the porn, you're going to hell. I hate
this. Give them what they've always
wanted. The chance to top one favorite with another
to discover a creative and tasty spin on a
classic. Hey, how's your fucking bucket list going? Pretty bad, it seems.
Just the one item on there. The one thing you've always wanted
is to put mozzarella sticks on an Applebee's steak, and then marinara sauce and cream
sauce? Fuck off. The steak's pretty good, but what
bums me out is it stops here. But what
if it stopped here? Thomas
Yoon, the executive chef of Applebee's, says I quit.
I'm done. This is it. I knew you would push me
too far at some point, and this is it. I've never quit in a press
release before, but... No, I love Thomas.
He's my new guy. He gets audacious here. For example,
pairing the chicken breast with the marinara mozzarella stick topper
with the parmesan cream sauce is a deconstructed and reinvented
chicken parmesan.
Okay, is that sentence...
Are there a weird string of capitalized letters
in there where it's perhaps a secret message like, they've got me trapped
in the bunker.
Please send help. Please send broccoli
or celery at this point.
You want me to brand it? No, please.
And reinvented chicken parmesan that satisfies and delights the taste buds
in a way that is uniquely Applebee's. Thomas Yoon
on this, we can't agree.
Jesus!
That was the worst
Sonic experience I've ever had. I am legitimately sorry. I got a little
choked. Let's do audience questions. Can we get lights up?
So don't come down just yet. We'll just raise your hand
and we'll call you up, sort of Price is Right style. Hold on. Before we call anybody.
We have one rule. You know what it is.
Okay, now you might hear that and think, okay, but mine...
No. Yeah, not just one.
And if you start it with, I know this sounds like a bummer, but no.
Let's just work our way across and then
balcony, I'm sorry, we have nothing for you. If you've got a really good one,
come down to the lobby and just listen. Yeah, I guess so. Alright, left side.
What's up? Nothing, I guess.
Yeah, no, that person who was getting pointed at by another person with a sword.
Yes, yes. The only person in that whole section with their hand up.
Yeah, the first person who said, yes, you're good. Come on down. Yes.
It continues to be you. I fucking love...
This is the only show we've ever done where Travis said the person with the sword pointing at somebody
else and there were like six people, like, nice.
It's down here. It's down here. It's down here. Can we get a little bit more
speakers? Hi. Hello. Hi.
Hey, what's your name? Jerrick. Hi, we've met you at the booth at the signing thing.
Hi. Hi. How's it going? Not bad. Are you having fun at the con
or have you seen? You guys. Okay, good. Fair. What's your question,
Jerrick? Sounds like a pretty shitty con so far. Hey, I
was emotional. Okay. So, I have this thing
where multiple times
random people that I've never met before, they think they know me
and they'll go, oh, start waving or like, I think I
remember you from somewhere. And some of them are so excited to see me,
they go up and give me a hug. Oh, okay. And then when they pull away, they
see my frightened face. And then they're like,
I thought I knew you. What's the best way of
diffusing the situation? God. Where are you at that that's happening?
I'll hug, but I'm not gonna look at your face first.
It's happened at like school and Comic Con and just when I'm
out at... Jerrick, I live with social
anxiety, which the main way it manifests is like, I don't know what to
fucking say to people, especially meeting new people. I have no idea. Maybe you should
stop looking this incredible gift in the mouth. Like,
or gift horse rather. That's the expression. Don't look a gift in the mouth. Don't look a gift in the mouth.
This person has come up and hugged you.
I think you got a friendship burn right there. Yeah, it's way better rather than your frightened face
if they pull back and you're going...
I don't know you. Well, just stare them dead in the eyes and be like, welcome
aboard. Shall we exchange
contact info? It may seem you've gotten on the wrong train now,
but look around you. Maybe it's the perfect...
I see you've met my...
I think just lean into it and make a new friend. Do lean into the hug.
Push them down. Yeah, what do you do with the hug? Because a hug is a two person thing usually,
unless it's bad. Do you return it? Well, I try and
kind of be like, yeah, we're friends, but it's like...
That's good of you. Yeah, that's very kind. That's very sweet, Jerrick. I just don't want to give it
too much of a, oh yeah, we're definitely this close. Don't be the first
one to break that contact. Yeah, and I like how you leave a little mystery in there.
That's nice. We were at a party earlier today and
I was getting up to leave and go to the hotel and I was sitting at a table
and some dude came in and took my seat.
I guess Dad was also about to leave and he leaned over
this gentleman and then caught himself and then saw me standing
up and said, oh, I was just about to kiss this man on the head
because I was leaving. And the man, the
gentleman was a bald gentleman and so I kind of think Dad just wanted
to kiss a stranger on the... He just saw a very nice looking
head and was like, oh, don't mind if I...
So it could be much, much, much, much, much, much, much, much, much, much, much, much, much
worse is what I'm saying. So is it possible that there's someone out in the world
impersonating you? Oh, shit. I've
never expected that. Jerrica-like. Or worse,
maybe it's you.
Memento!
Anyway, you got memento disease. Sorry about that.
Sorry, glad we can help. It turned out okay for them in the movie. I think I've
seen it a long time. I can't remember how it ends. Anyway, does that help?
Definitely. Cool. Thank you.
Yeah.
Yes, you.
I always get so uncomfortable because
sometimes I think people are cosplaying as Angus McDonald, but then that could
just be your fashion. And if that's the case, like fucking cool. That is my favorite Comic Con game.
Cosplay or weird fashion choice? Not weird. No, hey, come on. Bold.
Sorry, bold. Okay. Hello, sirs.
That's it.
What's your name? Hi, I'm Alexi from Oxnard. Hi. Hello. One more
time, sorry. Everybody was talking. Everyone, please. One second.
My name's Alexi. It's Russian, but I'm Mexican. I have really weird parents.
But you did clarify you're from Oxnard, correct? Yeah. Okay.
What is your question? So I think I have a
terrific fun on stage experience when it comes to other people, but I have no
capabilities of like doing improv or anything alone.
And I've wanted to be a stand-up comedian all my life. And you guys have done
community theater and everything. Sure. I've done none of that. And I want to see if you have any advice
for... Okay, wait. Stop. Turn the microphone around.
That's good.
All right.
This is great. What I love about this is the first time you
do stand-up comedy, you're going to fail, right? It's why
I've never done it once. Nice try, God.
You'll never catch me. Here's what we're going to do. I want you... Oh, shit. Don't
do this. No, trap, trap, trap. No, no. Hear me out. Allow me to fail, Griffin.
Hear me out. Say the first thing that pops in your head and everybody boo
Alexi. No, don't boo Alexi. Trust me. Trust me. Trust me. Trust me. This is nothing.
Trust me. Do it. Say it. Say it. Whatever.
How about airplane food? Am I right?
God. I don't like it either. All right. All right. Now you got that
out of the way. Now say the first thing that comes to mind. Everybody laugh your
fucking faces off. I love traffic.
That's very good. Just like that. You're on the upswing. Yeah.
Look at that. Now that you've gotten rid of the yips, I'm going to give you
a tight one. Just a one-minute set. Oh, boy. This is not
what I prepared for. Alexi, no help is coming. Oh, my God.
Oh, God. This is going to be a long
60 seconds, but I swan to John. I'm not saying a word.
Okay? So you got to hang in there. Wait, wait, wait.
Before we start, Alexi, I'm going to offer you a ripcord. Yeah.
You have the chance. You can put the mic back. Horrible thing. Hell yeah. That's my dude.
Here we go. Ladies and gentlemen.
How's everyone doing tonight?
Justin was walking you on. Hold on. Are you trying to hog my spotlight right now?
I was going to get you on. Hold on one second. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage
Alexi.
Okay. And go.
All right. So everyone's enjoying Comic Con. Pretty good, right? Pretty good.
I'm a cosplayer myself, and I've done a few things and stuff.
The worst experience I've had doing that, though, is I was a little Robin cosplayer.
I had little tights on and everything. It was fantastic. And then I got diarrhea.
So
for the last half of the con, I shoved toilet paper down the back of my pants.
And I really just refused to stand
up anywhere, but I got tons of kids asking me to take pictures with them.
Boy, was it hard to look a kid in the face and go,
No. I'm not doing that. I really
can't, because there's doodle up in this little thing.
So I try not to cosplay anymore.
Ten seconds. Bring it home. Unless I got underwear on. And let me tell you, me undies is a
great sponsor. Fuck me right now. And they're great. Aren't they
fantastic? Okay, Alexi. Ladies and gentlemen,
Alexi. Alexi.
Thank you.
Here's twenty dollars.
Ladies and gentlemen. Okay, no. We'll just keep the twenty dollars.
Congratulations. Alexi is now a professional stand up comedian. Thank you.
Fantastic.
That's the most we've ever helped someone ever
fix the whole thing. Thanks, Alexi.
The whole gesture. You gotta take the fucking money.
Take a picture with me after the show.
Okay.
No, you don't get to give it to Alexi.
He's a good guy. He's a good guy.
It's his money. He can do what he wants with it.
Let's go a little bit further back.
There's somebody jumping up and down in the aisles. Yep, jumping up and down. Way on the way back.
Yes. You got it.
Yeah, it's you.
You can stop pointing at your face. I promise, it's you.
Still me? I promise. Hi. Oh, I'm sorry.
We were pointing. Oh, no. I'm so sorry.
This is awkward. What's your name? Nine, like the number. Hi, Nine.
How you doing? I'm good. Cool. What's your question? Is that a members only jacket?
What? It's a sweet jacket. I like it. A DuckTales shirt, too. That's choice.
Okay. Hi. So I've been collecting
toys, action figures, and plushies since I was
in high school. I have a pretty substantial collection right
now. But the thing is that I have a niece now who comes to visit me a lot.
She's really little and she always wants to touch everything.
But right now, she knows pretty much like, you know, I have like some stuff and I'm like, no,
not that stuff. But what I'm worried about is when she grows up, she's going to be like,
well, why can't I play with those toys? And I'm going to have to tell her,
you know, those are my grown up toys.
I'm new to this whole taking care of a kid
thing. Don't use the phrase grown up toys.
It will not go out.
I'm so torn because part of me wants to be like, I mean,
there's like fucking movie, the fucking Toy Story 2 mode, just like, toys are supposed to be played with.
Take them out of the box. But at the same time, like,
that's... I guarantee my like Harry Houdini action figure
is like, I'm fine. I'm good. Please don't let your baby gum on me.
That's a mech I built for two weeks from Neon Genesis Evangelion.
You don't know how to play with that. You would be bad at playing with that.
You're not ready to play with that. The thing is that I do,
I have been buying like more like toys that she can play with because like I do want to
like share that kind of stuff. You just put those low. You put the good ones high.
Yeah, let's be real. You bought those to keep her away from the
goods. The premium toys.
Yeah, so I was just wondering how I'm supposed to have
that conversation with her. All you have to do is like make a bright
light and a child.
Travis, you're giving some fucking like My Cat From Hell Jackson Galaxy shit.
Give her shelves that she can play with. But then you have
your adult shelves with your adult toys. Just look the
kids in the eye and say, that one's made of knives.
I know it doesn't look like it's made of knives, but there's knives all
through it. Actually with a lot of those Evangelion mechs, it's actually probably
not too far off. That's true. Knife Dad.
Knife Dad is a beloved. Please don't reference things I'm not on.
It's just a knife thing. Travis hates it when we talk about Monster Factory.
It's just not my IP. Okay, has there been, let me ask you
this. Has there been an infraction?
You mean like has something gotten like broken or what? Yes. Something almost did
and it was really hard to find because I got really nervous. What was it? There's like this little
piece that was attached to one of the toys and she was messing with it
and it came off and I was looking everywhere because I had carpet in my room and I couldn't find it and I was freaking out.
But I found it, so it was okay.
You had me on tenterhooks.
It was pretty touch and go there for a while. How about you just like
don't let her in your house. Maybe it's more of
an outside kid, you know?
I got you some
sidewalk chalks. Have fun. There's a bubble
mower. Get out of my face. I gotta put together
this zord. Is that still a thing people do?
Yeah, they build zords. You know, it's
does that help? Yeah, a little.
Thank you. Thank you.
We're probably going to do like one or two more
because it's almost tomorrow. Right there with both of your hands. Stand up and
I'll tell you if it's you. Yes, it's you. Come on down. No.
No, no, no. Grey shirt. Grey shirt.
We're pointing at three different fucking people. You. Yes. Grey shirt.
Come on out. Yes. No. We'll do both. No, you're next.
You're next. You're next. You're next. There has to be
a better way to do this. Everyone please get a number
like at an auction. All right. You're next. You're in the
batter's plate.
You're on deck. You're in the batter's plate. Hi. Hi.
What's your name? Morgan. Hi, Morgan. What's your question?
So I just graduated from college. Cool. Congratulations.
It's our show, okay?
Hey, come on. What was your degree?
Biology. Nice.
So like science. Couldn't have majored in something funny for us.
Rubber chickens and farts? It was a double major.
In rubber chickens and farts. I majored in the water bottle flip.
Oh, nice. No, so my dad got me these
for my graduation gift, these like 12 little wind-up Jesuses.
And I don't know why.
And I don't know. Let Morgan finish.
And he just like sat there with this really triumphant look on his face like it was like
some inside joke that we have and it wasn't. So I don't.
Now I just have one fell out of my bag earlier at a 7-Eleven. It was really awkward.
All right. Follow up question. Been holding those G's eye all night?
Yeah. I brought three for you guys because then I only
have nine to deal with. Hell yeah. Are these your fucking horcruxes?
Oh wait, they do fun stuff. They do backflips.
Well, after he gave them to me, he stared at me for a minute and then he went
they don't walk on water and then he just sat there. Oh, man.
Mine's broken. Oh, no. I got a bum Jesus.
Okay. First things
first. The sound is awful. Yeah. No.
Apologies to the woman sitting in front of us. You just gave away a fourth of
these and you're a sucker because these are awesome.
Thank you very much. You're welcome. God, that's a weird pull
from your dad though, for real. Can I tell you? Here's my theory.
This is what I would do. Okay.
I can't think of a good gift. I wish I could think of an inside joke gift.
Oh, you know what would be funny? If I pretend like it's an inside
joke but I just have some shit someone else gave me.
I want to flash forward 15 years to the episode of Antiques Roadshow where they're like
if only I had all 12 wind up Jesuses.
You have nine? What happened to the other three?
If you look on the foot, you can see that these are
cast by Jesus himself.
He was a carpenter. Do you remember
Morgan, do you remember the first words out of your
Come on. I'll put them next to this mic.
I'm getting it in the monitor and it's hell on earth.
Do you remember the first words you said to him after he handed you
12 Jesuses? Did he maybe read the Bible really
fast and think, okay, 12 Jesuses, yeah, I get it. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Take these toys, they are my tiny selves.
Actually, the first thing I think I did was put it
in my mouth and then I did a Griffin's amiibo. Oh, good.
That's pretty good. And I'm sure everyone there
was like, oh, I love that franchise. Oh, I get it.
I definitely get that one. Actually, I think pretty much everyone there is. Oh, you have
cool friends. Thank you for the Jesuses and I
hope we helped in some degree.
Alright, this will probably be the last one because it's now Sunday.
Oh, that's his
day.
Hey, how's it going? Happy Sunday. Hey, thank you. Same to you. First, Justin,
were you at Comedy Bang Bang two days ago? No. Saw a guy
that looked like you and I was too scared to say anything. That was Dustin. Really glad you
didn't say hi. He was kind of a dick, so that
sounds like a Dustin thing. Shoot, it might have been me now that I think about it. What is your name?
What's your name? Alright. What was that? What's your name? James. James, hi.
Hi, Amanda. James, why do you have... Hi, Amanda. It does say
Idaho on your shirt. I am Idaho. My girlfriend and I
are cosplaying... As states. No, Lisa and Ralph
from The Simpsons. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Now I get it. We were doing Simpsons Trivia
earlier and we won. Hey, congrats. And we won best costumes.
So, there we go. Alright, my question. Is it Simpsons Trivia?
Because I'll fucking tank. What's the name of
the ice cream shop in Springfield? I have no fucking idea. Is this real? No, it's
real. Phineas Cube Butter Fats Old Time Confectionary. I would ask the audience, but I'm afraid
the building would explode. So, what's your question?
Wait, what's the ice cream shop? Phineas Cube Butter Fats
Old Time Confectionary. Cool.
That was a question? It means nothing. I'm assuming that's for one of the later seasons.
It's early, it's early. Alright, so for my job
I have to plan a donor party. Okay. And
it just so happened to be planned that it was going to be the day before my birthday. So, I jokingly
included a birthday cake in the catering and the budget
and got it all approved. Oh, no. So, wait, I'm going to stop you
right there. You can't jokingly do something
and then... Yeah, let's strip away the artifice.
You bought yourself a company birthday cake and I love it. Okay, I bought myself a birthday
cake. I celebrate it, but let's just look this in the face.
Am I good?
In order for me to answer this
I have to know if you... Don't say your last name
from this point forward. I will not.
Enjoy working at the company that you work with. I love it. Oh, well, shit.
This would have been way easier and way funnier if you hadn't.
Hey, listen. What's your rep at the office?
Like, are you, like, the bad boy or what's up?
Lovable rogue. I'm kind of the bad boy. I was the new guy for a long time
and then we just hired two new people. You didn't say that like someone who's kind of a bad... I'm kind of a bad guy.
It's also hard to say, I'm kind of a bad boy while cosplaying
as Ralphie from The Simpsons.
How much was it a fucking
cake boss cake or what are we talking about? No, it's like a
big box store fucking it's Costco sheet cake.
Like a Kroger, it's got that Kroger Whippy on there? Yeah, I mean it's...
You guys don't have Krogers around here, fucking forget me, sorry. Ralphs.
Ralphs. Ralphs got good cake or what's up?
Ralphs is Kroger. I bet a Seinfeld response on that one.
I think... Did anybody else eat the cake?
Ralphie hasn't happened yet. Oh shit. Are you planning on sharing the cake or is it
just a James cake? So now this is the thing, because I know you guys have very strong
opinions on surprising yourself. Yeah, it's impossible?
Is that what you mean? That's not how brains work?
So now I have to act surprised and be really amped and say, guys did you do this
for me? Oh wait, wait, wait.
You did not give me a grift alert. I did not know there was a grift happening.
That's a different deal. If you pull that off like, oh my god you guys,
that's the fucking best. Now that's so good. This is it.
When is this party? Because I swear to god we will hold this episode
for a year.
Oh, misspell your name on the case. So good.
Then you get them to feel guilty for something they didn't do. Really guys?
Really guys? Really?
The G? Honestly. That's just games.
It does actually say
to the office bad boy. I mean if you weren't the bad boy before
you are going to be eating your grift cake.
I'm so excited for you. This is going to be the most delicious cake anybody's ever eaten.
So I'm going to spin this into a grift. Thank you. Oh no, you already did. And don't pretend like
you didn't this whole time. It was your idea. It was your grift.
Dude, own it. I just wanted to be validated.
Well, does that help? Yep. Enjoy the cake. Thank you.
Enjoy your cake.
I think that's going to do it. Thank you to the Balboa. It's been completely
fucking rad to do shows here two nights in a row.
Thank you to our dad for
doing our intro for us.
Thank you to John Roderick from John at Long Winters for the use of our
theme song. It's a departure off the album Putting the Days to Bed. That was fucking
so cool. Hey, so Monday night we're going to be on
at midnight? Yeah.
So if you all want to like watch that and then like tweet. I think it comes on at 11.30.
I don't think that's a joke. I think that's real. But please don't tweet like
they were so bad they had to cancel the show because it's not very funny. Please. And this is specifically
the 2,000 people who already tweeted that.
It's real funny. But anyway, please watch because we'll do our best.
I don't know. We'll see. Thank you all so much for
coming. Yeah, and for sticking around so late. How about that final? Oh, I also want to
say I'm real sorry that we sold out of posters. We thought
we had more than enough. Yeah, we fucked up. We never know how many to do. You all are just too kind and generous and
you bought too much stuff. We'll do better next time. We'll do better next time. Here's a
final yahoo sent in by Seth Carlson. Thank you, Seth.
Seth sits in some bangers. Fuck.
Yeah, say it. Well, no, it sucks now. Say it.
It's from Shrek.
Because it was funny before, but now that I know it's Shrek, it's probably... Anyway.
If Spider-Man shoots webs from his hand
and Batman shoots bats from his hand, what does the Hulk shoot from his hand?
My name is Justin McElroy.
My name is Travis. I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, and me. Kiss your dad.
Square on the left. Peace. Bye.
Thank you.
Hey girls, do you wanna just say hey I wanna?
Hey guys, this is Adam Conover.
You may know me from my true TV show, Adam Ruins Everything. Well, guess what?
Now we're doing a podcast version right here on Maximum Fun. What we do is we
take all the interesting, fascinating experts that we talked to for just a couple minutes on the show
and we sit with them for an entire podcast, really going deep and getting into the
fascinating details of their work. Find Adam Ruins Everything wherever you get
your podcasts or at MaximumFun.org.
