The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother, my brother, me, and advice show for the modern
era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, 30 under 30, Griffin McElroy.
It's coming in hot, folks. I'm sure you've seen it blowing up the TVs and your mobile devices.
It's finally almost here. So close now. Thor Ragnarok. This is a Thor Ragnarok watch. Just
checking the buzz. Checking out all the buzz around Thor Ragnarok. Finger on the pulse of
this hot body of Thor. Now, boys, I'm so excited to talk about this because I got to see a special
preview screener two days ago. Oh, great. How's my huge friend doing, Thor?
Well, he's doing good. And let me tell you, I can give... Okay, leaning close. Here are some
special insights I can give you. One, he's dreamy. Two, he's creamy.
He's creamy. They have really leaned into Thor, the bro-iest Avenger.
Yeah, absolutely. In a good way. In a good, good way.
Okay. I will also say that as I watched the movie
of the preview screener, I mean, I liked to imagine that there would be someone who would
go to see this movie who knew nothing about the Marvel Cinematic Universe and had never read a
comic book before in their life and maybe didn't even know anything about Norse mythology trying
to make either heads or tails of this movie. And it made me very happy because of how often the
sentence, now who's this beefy fellow, would pop up in their heads.
Now... Just a lot of beefy boys.
How many beefy friends? A lot of beefy boys.
How many beefy friends? Give me an exact number.
I would say, Griffin, all the hamburger buns are empty because all the beef is in this movie.
Wow. Now, I...
That's not a number. Twelve?
Okay, okay, okay. Now, we're just a few days... This came out on November 3rd,
so we're getting close to release here on December 4th.
American release. It came out in, I believe, Japan November 3rd.
Yes, they love the huge man, Thor, and all of his much smaller friends,
except for the green one who can sometimes get bigger.
Green buddy. It's large man Thor and green buddy.
And my green friend, the Hulk, or Bruce.
I saw that Bruce is in the film and I heard that there's a scene where he says,
why do we need... Thor says, why do we need the strong man here?
I am strong. We do not need two of the strong men.
Bring me someone who can fly, or perhaps a laser boy.
And they... Thor doesn't understand why there needs another strong man.
And let's talk about Avengers composition. Let's talk about it team comp.
In terms of tank, DPS, healer, right?
There's just like... There's vision, right? You can go through walls. That's fun.
Hawkeye shoots a bow and arrow and sometimes says really sexist stuff.
And then there's Black Widow who does all kinds of flips and spins.
And then we have like... And Iron Man's got beams.
And then there's like four strong men. It's like, do we need four?
Just what do you do? Strong. I do strong-ness.
Now Trav, tell me about the scene. I heard there's a scene where Thor says,
um, you may be strong Hulk, Bruce, but I have this hammer.
And then Hulk takes the hammer and Thor says, I'm no longer needed.
And I will step away. And then he retires.
Yeah. And you know, that comes five minutes into the movie.
Wow. Yeah.
And then the rest of the movie is Hulk as Thor.
And they keep calling him Thulk, which is cute. I like that.
And it keeps cutting back to Thor, like, you know, at the supermarket,
or like, uh, he gets married, has a kid, serves on the PTA.
Is the sun big and green?
No, the sun is actually kind of a nerdy puny guy.
So like Thor has to deal with that.
Now, now the weird... I heard another scene that I saw.
Now this was on a Fandango bonus clip that I got for pre-ordering tickets
for this movie that opened a month ago.
Uh-huh. And in it, in this bonus clip,
after Thor raises a family, Hulk comes to his house and says,
I am stronger than you. I will teach the children to be strong.
I'm the father now.
And he becomes... And Thor says, you're right.
Yeah. And Hulk becomes Thor's kids' dads.
Is that in the final cut? Did that one get bragged and cut?
Absolutely. That's actually, Justin, I'm glad you brought that up
because that's actually a post-credits scene that dovetails with Daddy's Home 2.
Oh, good. I was hoping we could talk about that picture in the podcast.
Yeah, so then it's all in the Daddy's Home multiverse.
And that's when Samuel L. Jackson shows up and says,
I'm putting together a team of step-dads.
Yeah. I like the scene in Daddy's Home 2 where the Hulk comes and crushes,
then eats just all the men in that picture.
And then they're gone in real life, which is really cool and fun.
And great.
Now, does Thor Ragnarok include the scene where John Lithgow
shows up on the first day of Daddy's Home 2 filming
and sees that the other new daddy is Mel Gibson?
And there's 15 minutes of him just like, are we sure?
Are you sure about that? Are you sure about this one?
I actually also got a preview screener of Daddy's Home 2 and without the CGI.
And what they haven't released yet, maybe this is like a special bonus thing,
but John Lithgow is not in the movie.
It's all Andy Serkis motion capture.
Yeah, cause John Lithgow walked over and saw the comedy duo,
the hysterical duo of Mark Wahlberg and Mel Gibson they put together.
And he literally, he just, he pulled out his grappling hook and ziplined away.
But Andy Serkis stepped in and he was like, I have no problem with these two.
So Andy Serkis is doing, is John Lithgow.
Loves Mel Gibson.
They've already paid him.
Yeah, now I heard there's a scene in Three Billboards outside Ebbing, Missouri,
where the Hulk comes and takes the three billboards
and says, now there's no more need for your movie.
I will take these to mine.
And so France makes Dormant, it's like, well, I retire.
Well, actually what happens is-
The billboards are gone in her movie, so she closes her movie
and Hulk puts the three billboards into Hulk Ragnarok, a Thor picture.
You must've seen a previous version.
Maybe that was like 1.0 because in the version I saw,
Thor goes to grab the billboards and Frances McDormand says no.
And Hulk goes, well, I bow to your wisdom.
Thank you so much for everything you've done.
You're amazing.
And then she kills and eats Hulk and becomes Hulk.
Yes.
Now I heard there's-
Justin heard about it.
Justin's just seen all the scenes.
And so let's just sit back and watch him do his thing.
It's almost a spoiler.
At this, I feel like so much has been spoiled,
but I heard that Hulk does jump into the Orient Express
and says, I have the final solution.
The butler conducted the crime.
And Poro's like, there's no butler.
And Hulk's like, ah, ah, ah, ah.
I said the butler committed the crime.
You may put your train back into the station.
Your film is no longer needed.
And then he eats the whole train.
He does eat the whole train.
Which is also how Snowpiercer ended,
with just the train starts up again
and then it goes right into Hulk's big mouth and open belly.
Yep.
That's all accurate.
That all happens.
It's the scene in the movie where Hulk finally gets his reward
of getting a Coca-Cola and then the Ant-Man shows up
and steals his fucking Coca-Cola, that piece of shit Ant-Man.
There's also a prolonged scene in which Hulk walks around naked
and I wish this was a joke.
And it makes me, for the first time-
Erect.
Erect.
It forces me to think about Hulk's genitalia in a way that I-
The first time, bud.
The first time, bud.
As if the first time fucking Stanley was like,
ah, Eureka, my catchphrase, I've got it.
The man turns big and green.
And instantly we heard that conceit and we're like, dick too though, right?
Stanley?
No, actually I have concrete proof.
So, okay, the Hulk, Bruce Banner transforms into the Hulk.
Imagine the classic image.
What you see is pants that have been torn,
usually from the mid thigh to knee down, right?
But after the transformation into Hulk and back into Bruce Banner,
those pants have been torn.
The crotch of the pants is never destroyed.
So we have to assume that Hulk gets huge muscles,
but like just a regular human penis.
But Bruce's penis is probably pretty good.
Bruce's penis.
I mean, he's already had pants sized to his penis that the Hulk does not destroy.
Actually, when he's Bruce, he has the Hulk's penis.
And when he's the Hulk, he has Bruce's penis.
It's a weird sort of mix around.
Now, I heard that there's, I saw one more deleted scene
where the Hulk goes into Lady Bird and says,
I'm not aware of what this film is or is about,
but I've heard good things, so I'll take it for my own.
And then he goes into the shape of water and is like,
I don't know, teardrops, lakes, and ocean.
Anyway, your movie is over too.
And the Hulk takes all the water.
So what you're suggesting, Justin, is that what you've seen
is a cut of the movie that is a very like last action hero.
Hulk is a film walker.
He just claims movies as his own.
Now, I did sweet a lot of this.
So a lot of this is sort of sweeted stuff from my own studio
here at the house.
I saw a scene in A Bad Mom's Christmas that,
and the Ant-Man, and by scene, I mean the whole movie.
Ant-Man's in the whole thing.
You just can't see him.
He's really small.
He's like a speck of dust just floating around,
landing on Mila Kunis' nose, but you don't see him.
But if you turn up the audio like all the way,
like blow out your speakers,
you can hear Paul Rudd doing his comedy.
Oh, that's fun.
Yeah, he's in most movies the whole time,
just very small and you can't tell, but he's very small.
To be fair though, Paul Rudd is just in most movies.
That's true.
And it's very confusing because he's also in it as Ant-Man.
Yeah.
Well, that's the thing is he's always been Ant-Man in movies.
It's just like pre getting the suit and post getting the suit.
Sure.
Hey, questions time because half of the show will be a special thing
and I would love to get at least some of our good work into it.
Okay, before we do, before we do,
if you're listening to this on Monday, tonight,
I am participating in a World Builders,
which is a charity organization spearheaded by Pat Rothfuss,
a StarCraft tournament.
Oh my God, are you playing StarCraft?
I am.
Have you ever played StarCraft?
I have not.
This should be good, bro.
What's your APMs?
Oh God, it's me and Tybee playing as a team run fan cast
with absolutely positively no idea what we're doing,
but it's for a good cause.
You can go to bit.ly forward slash run WB
and help donate money to sponsor our team.
I can't, you know I'm gonna be there watching you fuck up
at like building too many pylons or whatever.
Oh, Griffin, it's gonna be terrible.
Like, listen, it's gonna be fun.
I'm gonna be terrible.
Let me be clear.
Have you not watched any videos?
Have you not watched any videos or whatever
on how to StarCraft?
I mean, I will.
Okay.
I'm sure I will.
And I believe that happens tonight at 10.30 central time
is when I'm playing.
There's lots of other people playing.
The double clicks are playing.
Paul and Storm are playing.
Mikey Newman is playing.
Lots of people are playing.
I hear Mikey's got sick APM,
so you're gonna get put in the trash can.
Oh no, he is gonna just kick my ass.
No doubt, no doubt.
But check that out and run bit.ly forward slash run WB
to help sponsor that.
And Justin, tell us about NBNB AM Angels
before we kick off these questions.
Yeah, before we get in the show,
NBNB AM Angels is an annual project
that we sort of like tangentially do
just because it's like us,
but really we don't do any of the heavy lifting.
We have a great team of people
that are like doing this hard work.
But we have a lot of people in the area that we grew up
and where I still live here in Huntington
and the surrounding Tri-State area
who have a lot of needs for this holiday season.
And there are a lot of people
who aren't gonna have anything
for this blessed Candle Nights season.
And we're not talking about like fun toys usually.
We're talking about stuff like a wheelchair is needed
and a gas car to get to work
and a bed and a tent and things like this,
just things that people really need.
And you can be a hero this Candle Nights season
and help fix these problems.
I mean, like it's heartbreaking.
And if you go to NBNBAMangels.com,
you're gonna see a ton of opportunities
where you can help.
It's easy to do.
There's a great team of people
who are ready to assist you.
And even if you're just gonna kick in a few bucks,
you don't have to buy one of these items specifically.
But it's a wonderful project
that we care a lot about.
So if you can find it in your heart to help out,
NBNBAMangels.com and you can find someone to help.
And if you do, please tweet at us.
Let us know so we can thank you personally.
And we really appreciate anything you can do
to assist with that.
Real quick, I misspoke that the StarCraft Tournament,
I will be playing at 9.30 Central, 10.30 Eastern PM tonight.
The tournament kicks off at 8 PM Central time.
And you can find out all the information
at worldbuilders.org slash StarCraft.
All right, first question.
I tend to lounge around the house
in a luxurious plaid bathrobe,
almost always with a t-shirt and shorts under it.
Sometimes when I want candy, I will go to the convenience store
across the street without putting on real clothes.
This is legitimate because it's really close to where I live.
Well, now I want a bagel, but I don't want to change.
But the bagel place is like a half mile away.
Is that too far for the bathrobe?
Well, people think I'm just a weirdo.
That's from the robed one.
There's so much going on.
You are making assumptions left and right.
You just, here's the thing about the bathrobe look.
I mean, I support you and you walk your path.
I'm not trying to shame anyone's bathrobe usage,
except that I am about to do just that.
But there's not a bubble extending from your house
where the bathrobe is acceptable.
The bubble is the house.
The bubble's the house.
It's literally maybe where your paper lands.
Unless I just don't know.
It's as far as your Wi-Fi extends from your house.
If you got the Wi-Fi signal, you can pull out your phone
and say like, no, no, no, it's cool.
See, Robbie's place.
You see that?
Don't try to hack Robbie's place.
It's iron clad.
If you still have Wi-Fi, you can Arthur Dent all over town.
You can set up repeaters down the block and just,
but okay, listen, you can't just say,
listen, question asker, I love you.
You know that, right?
I love you.
You can't just say, this is legitimate
because it's really close.
You don't get to make that call.
Yeah, it's legitimate because I really wanted candy.
And now I'm in the bathroom.
Now I will say that bagel place,
I feel like is more appropriate for the bathrobe
because it's a breakfast time thing.
And so you can show up and you say like, oops,
Monday's breakfast time, bagel, please.
I'm not naked under this.
And that's so, you've got to say the last part.
The highest level of maturity is being able to see the world
through the point of view of other people.
And you have to understand that when you go
to the convenience store, see it through their eyes,
they don't look at each other after you leave and say,
it's cool, he lives nearby.
That's not, that dialogue does not take place.
Is it okay to go out of doors, dress in an outfit
with a robe over it?
I assume shoes, please wear shoes.
Yeah, I mean, legally, legally speaking, sure.
Are you saying, will people maybe give me a little side eye?
Absolutely.
Absolutely they will.
Unless.
Unless?
Unless?
In one question, unless.
If you're gonna leave the house, you silly goose,
just tuck the robe into the shorts.
And then at the worst, people are just gonna think
you got a super lumpy duff.
And that's it.
They're just wearing a coat and their shorts are holding in.
They're very, very lumpy duff.
Would this be different if instead of like a luxurious
plaid bathrobe, you were wearing like an embroidered
like boxer's robe?
Oh, and then people might think you're a champion boxer.
Oh, he needs those Mike and Ikes to carve up
before the big fight.
Before the big fight today.
It's gonna be hard for me to see that and not assume
that you're putting it through heavy usage
and then start thinking about the scent,
the scent of it, because you know what I'm talking about.
A robe that gets heavy usage, it's got all your smell in it.
And I don't want to even look at the smell
because I can feel it and taste it.
Again, if you want to wear a robe, go for it,
but please stop creating justifications for yourself.
You're a guy wearing a robe or a gal wearing a robe
or a person wearing a robe.
I don't know, but you're still wearing a robe
outside of your house.
It doesn't matter how far you're from your home.
It's a wild tactic.
How about this Yahoo?
It was sent in by the delivery man, Seth Carlson.
Thank you, Seth.
It's from Yahoo Answers user.
Jotun Hurtigen asks,
what happens if a vampire bites another vampire?
I'm, can I tell you?
I'm so glad that this question is included.
It's long overdue.
And listen, we'll circle back to this super vampire steak,
but I was thinking about this.
People like to throw a lot of shit at vampires
and I bet you, I bet you, Griffin,
a lot of those people that are hurling shit at vampires
also eat steaks.
Vampires gotta eat.
That's what I'm saying.
This has gone on for too long.
What, a vampire, so we kill him?
People are cattle.
To a vampire?
Yeah, no, I know.
But you still sort of,
you still definitely said it with your whole mouth.
To a vampire?
Yeah, that's how, listen,
it's the circle of life.
No, I will not, no.
It's sort of a straight line of light.
It's like a life pyramid.
Well, but then bacteria eat vampires, so.
Yeah, I guess it all keeps,
the big wheel keeps spinning.
Oh, no, wait, the sun eats vampires
and then plants eat the sun.
There we go, so when you're eating,
if you're eating a cucumber,
then you're just eating vampire, basically.
Yeah, basically, it's the circle of life.
The sun is powered by vampire energy
from vampires they've consumed.
We all know that.
That's why global warming is such an issue.
Too many vamps.
Two things, I think.
If a vampire bites another vampire,
one double vampire
and these are the scariest of all.
Can you even,
if a double vampire bites a double vampire,
is it a triple vampire or do we square root it?
What are some of the key differentiators,
Griffin, of a double vampire?
Four fangs, four fangs.
Four big fangs and the accent gets like,
if a regular vampire is here,
a double vampire is like here.
And the quadruple vampire is here.
Now, if I was a quintuple vampire,
exactly what would that sound like?
A quintuple vampire and an octuple vampire is here.
I want to suck your blood, donkey.
Are you suggesting Shrek was an octuple vampire?
Yeah, I think Shrek is an octuple vampire, for sure.
That makes sense.
He was a vampire that bit another vampire
and then bit a double vampire
and then bit a quadruple vampire.
Okay, so this is my question.
The vampire that doubles,
is it the vampire that bites or the vampire that is bit?
Ooh, I think it's a vampire that is bit.
That's a good point, Travis.
Oh, see, I was gonna say the vampire that bites.
No, because that's not how the vampiric process works.
I guess that's true.
I was thinking, I guess more of like
the double vampire siphons the vampire away
and then that vampire is like, well, you're normal again.
No, the vampire bites another vampire,
transforming the bitten vampire into a double vampire,
and then the new double vampire turns around
and is like, now you fucked up.
Now you fucked up.
Look at these fangs.
You're in trouble now.
Is it a triple vampire or is it like squared every time?
I think we go up by the root of two.
Now, that's the first scenario, a double vampire,
and it is the correct scenario
because it's such a good world that I want to live in.
That one's science-based.
That one's science-based.
The other situation that could happen is it's just awkward.
It's just like, look, look, look.
Hey, dude, hey, dude, stop, stop, stop, stop.
Look, check the fangs.
One, two.
Oh.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Oh, man.
Yeah, I'm a vampire.
I hate the sun and garlic and love to bite.
That's me too, so.
They don't have blood, right?
Vampires don't have blood.
It's just dust in there, right?
It's just dust.
That's why they need to keep drinking it.
Well, it depends if they've recently fed.
I think the blood's only in their tummy at that point though.
Do they, so do the vampires pee out blood?
And if so, how do they know when they have prostate issues?
I mean, you fit.
As somebody who's had prostate issues before, you'll know.
Do you think that with a vampire pees and it's not blood,
they're like, oh, no.
Oh, crap.
Oh, it's wearing.
Oh, never mind.
Psych, I'm immortal.
I forgot.
Oh, wait, yeah, I don't have prostate issues.
Fine.
Double vampire.
How about another question?
Brothers, some local teens just knocked on our door
and asked us to cook their unpopped microwave popcorn.
I do not recognize these youths.
Am I setting myself up for a long con
by being a cool neighbor?
That's from corny conundrum in Gooneyville.
Yes, literally the town from Goonies, Astoria, Oregon.
Fuck yeah.
I mean, is it the Goonies that came to your house?
Because maybe they got a treasure map.
They want to steal it.
Maybe there's treasures under your house
and they would just want to go in your basement.
I mean, they're adults now, though.
So these would be adults like, hey,
can we come in your basement?
I bet you got a map.
Here's some popcorn.
I'm Sean Astin.
This is what I sound like.
I'm a septuple vampire.
I didn't have an accent when I started.
Why do they have a bag of microwave popcorn
but no microwave?
Why did they purchase?
They robbed a Boy Scout.
They might've robbed a Boy Scout.
They might've robbed a Boy Scout
who was selling popcorn door to door.
Oh, no.
I mean, I'm kind of into this Moonrise Kingdom,
like a band of kids sitting out on their own,
the only food they brought with them
on their journey was popcorn,
but they're kids, so they didn't think about it.
And so they need you to pop the popcorn
so they can eat something while they wander into the forest
because one of them knows where a dead body is,
just like in Moonrise Kingdom.
Yeah, you know, I guess I assumed that these kids
were like local next door kids,
but these kids could have been on a long journey
and maybe like the last thing they had in their packs
was like microwave popcorn.
You know what I mean?
It's possible.
Why not say yes, but then you have to stay on the porch
and wait and you close the door
and you pop their corn for them
and then you return it and you send those scamps on their way,
but don't let them in your house.
Dear God, whatever you do, don't let them in your house.
I think a good way to test their intentions
is to say, yes, I will pop the popcorn,
but you will enjoy this popcorn with me
and we'll all enjoy this popcorn together
here on the porch in just a communal manner
and we'll all share the popcorn together.
I need the 10% for the juice, for the vig.
I'm gonna get my beak salty.
They could be vamps, though, trying to get access
to the gentleman's side.
That's why you can't let them in the house.
Can't let them in the house.
Don't let the wrong one in.
That's what the movie's called.
I got a Yahoo here and I want to read it
before we go to the Money Zone
and move on to a very special segment
because it features something so pure and so wonderful.
It's another Seth Carlson jam.
Thank you, Seth.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
I'm gonna call him Broderick asks,
NCIS-themed birthday party?
I want to throw a really nice NCIS-themed birthday party,
but aren't sure how to do it.
I don't know what to do for a cake,
decorations, games, anything like that.
Thanks.
Okay, before we get into the details of this.
How much have we watched?
Well, here's the thing.
I love somebody saying,
I want to throw specific theme birthday party here.
I have no ideas.
I have no ideas for it whatsoever.
So like, do you then?
Do you want to throw that party?
Or do you just like NCIS?
I very much like NCIS and I very much like aging
and I want to combine those two activities.
I think the only thing I know about NCIS,
I know two things.
One, the Secret Service agent from West Wing is in it.
Correct, Mark Harmon.
And there's some-
Incredible hero, incredible hero, sorry.
Incredible hero, Mark Harmon,
that once saved a boy from a burning car.
Mark Harmon.
Wait, really?
Yeah, Mark Harmon.
Fuck yeah, dude.
Mark Harmon saved a boy from a burning car?
Yeah, Mark Harmon is a fucking hero.
He pulled two kids out of a burning car.
Well, now it's two kids?
Hold on, this started as one kid.
It started as one kid.
He pulled six kids out of a burning bus.
He ate a burning limousine.
To save 12 kids.
We've talked about this before, I believe,
so I'm going to go through this quickly.
But Mark Harmon was kicking it in LA, 1996, 715.
These teens missed a turn, crashed into a tree,
flipped over and burst into flames.
Mark Harmon smashed the windows out with a sledgehammer
and pulled the boys to safety.
He was just holding the sledgehammer sitting on his porch
as he's want to do.
Fuck yeah, Mark Harmon, hero.
Mark Harmon rules.
Anyway, Mark Harmon.
Also, as long as we're talking about Mark Harmon,
I did a quick Google for NCIS party
to see kind of what was out there.
There's a lot.
It won't surprise you.
A lot of fun cakes, et cetera.
His character on the show NCIS is named Leroy Jethro Gibbs.
Do you think that it was penance for having such a cool name
like Mark Harmon that they had to knock him down a few times?
I feel like one thing you could do for your party
is set your house ablaze in Brentwood
and then Mark will show up.
Be like, I'm here to save you.
And then you quickly douse the flame.
And you're like, Mark, Mark, Mark,
long as you're here, lordy, lordy, look who's 40.
It's me, Mark.
Thank you for coming.
Thank you for coming, Mark.
The second thing I know about NCIS
is that there is a goth woman or a punk woman
who seems very prevalent in the show.
I believe her name is Abby on the show.
How do you know that?
She's on all the NCIS.
Because I've been reading this Yahoo, Travis.
I want to just-
There's someone named Donald Ducky Mallard.
There's a lot of fun.
Listen, they have fun with the names.
NCIS creators.
Yeah.
But Ducky is his nickname and Mallard is his last name.
Like, you could have gotten to Ducky just from Donald
or Ducky just from Mallard,
but you went ahead and named Donald the most famous duck
and also Mallard.
Yeah, I mean, there's a character on the chief of the NCIS
is named Bill Butthole Rectum.
They just really went wild with the names.
So NCIS stands for Naval Criminal Investigative Services, right?
So they investigate crimes
that have to do with the Navy and the Marines.
That show has been going on for 15 seasons.
Hey, Navy, are you okay?
Because it seems like you maybe have a lot of crime.
It seems like there's a lot of crime going on with y'all.
I mean, I learned that-
You and JAG.
I learned that on JAG.
Yeah, JAG has just really opened my eyes to-
Holy shit.
JAG and NCIS are in the same universe.
Yes.
Two episodes in season eight of JAG.
It's called the, Travis, it's called the Viewisk universe.
Yes.
Ice Queen and Meltdown.
Two episodes from season eight of JAG.
We're back to our pilots for NCIS
that featured Mark Harmon as Gibbs
on those JAG episodes.
Yeah, it's called a spinoff.
It's called a spinoff.
But from JAG.
NCIS is a spinoff from JAG, I had no idea.
It's called a JAG-off.
I wanted to read this question
because there's Yahoo Answers user named Lady Die who says,
be sure that you either have an actual mystery to solve
as the evening progresses
or that you simply use the theme as a backdrop.
There really isn't any right way or wrong way
to do a birthday party.
But if you wanna throw the party
that everyone will be talking about,
you need to create a specific crime
for the scene you're investigating
and leave clues everywhere to help with the investigation.
Decorating your crime scene party crime scene tape
and chalk outlines on the floor
are easy additions to your theme.
Make sure to leave them realistic in size
by having a person actually lay down
for you to draw the outline.
You might leave fake footprints, fingerprints,
and clue cards throughout the room,
not too well hidden unless you want people snooping.
You can even get help when leaving the clues
and decorating because of the novelty of this sort of party.
You do not have to confine the festivities to one room
and you can, if you're feeling truly adventurous,
have a different case going on in different rooms.
Just have the guests draw numbers for teams
and then race to solve the crime first.
This is a fairly huge undertaking,
but it will make the party remembered for years.
You might also wanna set up a lab
complete with a microscope and tables
dedicated to sorting out the evidence
and making notes for the shocking conclusion
of the crimes in question.
Of course, you'll wanna make the crime simple and solvable
by leaving clues that guests will have no trouble finding
or deciphering without making it too easy.
Use your favorite episode for guidance if you must
and throw in a red herring or two to keep things fun.
There are reruns that you should have no problem
finding a show that will give you some great ideas.
For free, you can have an actual NCIS cake
or go with cookies that are shaped like footprints
or thumbprint cookies for an excellent play on words.
Sloppy Joes, pizza, finger foods, chips and dips,
and cookies and cake will have an excellent food addition
to the party without needing to fit into any one theme.
Be sure to have plenty of soda and bottled water on hand.
Here's a picture of an NCIS cake, and then I put a link.
This is so pure and so good,
and the first time that somebody's ever asked anything
on Yahoo Answers where a good, helpful,
kind Christian person swoops in with a fucking manual
on how to perfectly do the thing.
I wanted to include this because hope's not all lost.
Most things are bad.
90% of the things are bad,
but then there's Yahoo Answers user, Lady Di,
who swoops in here is like,
you know what's good at parties?
Sloppy Joes sometimes.
How about a fingerprint cookie?
I like the inclusion of the line,
make sure to have soda and water available.
That's not NCIS specific.
It's just a good overall.
It's a good party thing.
I've never seen NCIS, a single frame of it.
But this, what I love about this,
and the reason I was troubled doing it,
is I was worried that Lady Di had confused NCIS with CSI.
No, I think they also do plenty of CSI-ing.
Okay, because this would also,
then this is not a qualm I have with Lady Di.
This is a qualm I have with the creators of NCIS.
You made your letters sound like a preexisting thing, CSI.
You used three of the same.
You just added an N in there
and then kind of flipped them all around.
Right, which also could be New Orleans CSI,
I think is in there, or is it NCIS New Orleans?
Who even fucking knows anymore?
I mean, I know because NCIS New Orleans has my boy, Scott Bakula.
I'm just talking about the title, Griffin.
Okay, I just wanted to talk about Scott Bakula.
If you're going to use three of the same letters in your thing,
maybe don't have so much like microscopes
and fingerprints and stuff.
This is GSI, grime scene investigation.
Investigate all the grimiest scenes.
Do we want to move on to the money zone or?
I want to move on to the money zone
so that we can get to our guest segment even faster.
So let's do it.
I want to tell everybody about Wink.
That's W-I-N-C, Wink.
Wink's wine experts select wines
matched to your taste, personalized for you,
and then they ship them right to your door
just starting at 13 bucks a bottle.
How it works is you go to Wink's website,
which is trywink, T-R-Y-W-I-N-C.com,
and you fill out their palette profile quiz
and you answer simple questions
like how do you take your coffee
and how do you feel about blueberries?
Yes to both.
I'm afraid of them.
How do I take my coffee?
Yes.
How do you feel about blueberries?
Very scared.
There are no membership fees you can skip any month
and you can cancel at any time
and it makes a good holiday gift.
You can send a personalized gift card
and let your recipient choose their wine from Wink's great selection.
You can discover great wine today
if you go to trywink.com.
Again, T-R-Y-W-I-N-C.com slash my brother
and you'll get $20 off your first shipment one more time.
That is trywink.com, T-R-Y-W-I-N-C.com slash my brother for 20 bucks off.
I want to tell you about Stitch Fix
and I'm really excited because I just got my first Stitch Fix box.
Me too!
Three days ago, right?
It was amazing.
It's very good.
I've been on it for like six months.
I'm doing it even when they're not giving it to me for free.
I adore it.
Oh, I've continued now.
Like I actually just made my next box come even faster
because I couldn't wait to get more of it.
But I got a flannel shirt in this box
that was like an instant favorite.
Like I pulled it out and was like, yes, I wore it that day.
It was so amazing.
So basically, here's how it works.
It's a new way to shop for clothes that does all the work for you.
Sweater weather's here, folks.
And if you're like me-
It got really serious there.
Well, hi, I'm Travis McElroy.
I'd like to talk to you about sweater weather.
I forgot to buy any sweaters.
I just, I moved back from Los Angeles.
I didn't leave my house at all last year when I lived in Cincinnati
because I had a baby and I was scared of the outside world
and I forgot to buy any sweaters.
So that's where I turned to Stitch Fix.
You go online, answer some questions about your sizes,
favorite styles and budget.
And I love that, by the way.
You can put not just like your budget for spending,
but your budget for individual items.
So you can say like-
How much are you willing to spend on a sweater?
Right.
Or like a t-shirt or socks or whatever.
You can say like, I don't want to spend more than blank on t-shirts.
And your personal stylist will pick five pieces
based on your preference and send them to your door.
And then you try them on at home.
And if you don't like something, you don't pay for it.
You just send it back.
You only pay for what you keep.
And there's no subscription and it's no club to join.
You just order stuff.
You say you need stuff when you need it.
So get started now at stitchfix.com slash my brother,
and you'll get 25% off when you keep all five items.
So that's stitchfix.com slash my brother,
stitchfix.com slash my brother.
Yeah, and the cool thing is that it evolves.
So like you give them feedback when you get a box
and then they'll take that feedback into consideration
the next time they send you something.
It only gets better.
And also, I was really impressed by this.
Along with the items they send you,
they send you suggestions of other things
you could wear with those items.
Love that, need that, need that.
Juice, do you want to read this next message?
Yeah, have you noticed how the world is filled with problems
and that the leaders supposed to solve them
are all a bunch of sad squares and sad square boxes
who could really chill the heck out?
Ryan and John sure did.
They noticed so hard that they bought a microphone
and set up shop solving the world's toughest problems
with the help of the stickiest of green herbs.
Excellent, I was wondering, I was waiting for the twist.
Twist, they're high.
Join them every few weeks.
That's a very cool, that's a very chill release schedule.
I don't know.
Sometimes, join them sometimes on the Hypocrisy podcast
as they get creative, fix the world,
and fend off rabid dogs and smoke a lot of weed.
And that's Hypocrisy, H-I-G-H-P-O-C-R-A-C-Y.
You can go to Hypocrisy.zone or find, it's so good,
or find them wherever you get your podcasts.
Got another message for Mackenzie and it's from Caitlin.
It says, happy birthday to my favorite sister-in-law.
I can't wait to see you, Robert and Peps,
so I can show her all the best food in Austin
and solidify my position as her favorite aunt.
Love you lots, Caitlin.
And that's next available, is what that says.
So like, they're just really taking a shot in the dark there.
This is them gilting them for an Austin trip.
Like no matter what time of year this lands,
gotta get you down here, gotta get the barbecue,
gotta have the tacos.
Two more quick plugs before we move on
to our amazing, amazing guest segment
that I'm so excited, so I'm gonna make up really quick.
Schmaners is going to be performing
at San Francisco Sketch Fest this year.
On the first Sunday, I believe it's the 14th, January 14th.
So you can go to bit.ly forward slash SF Schmaners,
S-F-S-H-M-A-N-N-E-R-S, go check that out.
Did you just forget how to spell your own podcast?
Well, there's a lot of S's in there.
Sure, sure.
Yeah, and also Schmaners is going to be performing
on the JoCo Cruise along a lot of other stuff.
Dad's gonna be there.
We're gonna be doing a lot of like special events
and that kind of thing.
You can find out about that at JoCoCruise.com,
J-O-C-O Cruise.com, and that is in February.
I believe it starts February 18th.
In general, it's an amazing lineup and amazing cruise.
Go check it out.
All right, I can't believe you're about to hear
this segment that you're about to hear.
We had a very special guest on the show
and he's legitimately a hero of mine
and it is bizarre that he agreed to do our program,
but he did, so there.
So I guess we should just get into it.
Is there any sort of setup we need, I guess?
Well, one thing that's really important to me
is that we play a MaxFun promo right now.
Hey, Biz, have you seen any good movies lately?
Hey, Teresa, does Curious George's boo fest count?
It doesn't.
Well, I blame my current life situation
that has small children that need things.
God, I love them and I miss knowing about stuff.
Well, after catching up on the current cultural offerings
on podcasts that provide such information,
join us on One Bad Mother as we help explore
the harsh realities of sweeping self-identity changes
as we try to find ourselves
between our pre- and post-kid selves.
I used to like all the things.
Download One Bad Mother on MaximumFun.org
for Apple podcasts.
And yes, there will be swears.
All right.
Well, you ready to get started?
Y'all settled?
I thought we were starting.
Let's roll.
This is it.
This is the show.
I've had a nap and an espresso.
This could go anywhere.
Maya, our guest this week, as surreal as it is for me to say,
is Mr. Jimmy Buffett.
Hello, and welcome to the program.
Oh, oh, no, I'm not going to do the show.
Oh, that was, well, all right, bye, everybody.
I just, I just decided, I didn't tell y'all that.
No, no, you just didn't,
because he called you Mr. Jimmy Buffett.
Was that why you didn't want to do the show?
Yeah, that Mr. stuff.
If you call me Jimmy, I'll continue.
But if you call me Mr. Buffett, I'm out of here.
All right, Jimmy, Jimmy it is.
Okay, all right, Jess.
You got a new-
Take two, hey, how you guys doing?
Hey, pretty good, doing great, Jimmy.
Great, great.
Great, great.
You got a new album out, Buried Treasure, volume one.
Yeah, new album full of a lot of old stuff.
Now, I hate listening to anything
I recorded more than two weeks ago.
So how do you, how did you feel digging these up
and hearing them for the first time in a long time?
You know, what I did is I went and into my little studio.
I was in New York in the summer and I went out to the studio,
I took a bottle of wine and had a few glasses of wine
and went back and just, I was curious.
And I wanted to go listen to them because,
you know, the name comes from the kind of
the way that it actually happened.
They weren't buried in the ground, like in the dirt or anything,
but they were actually lost tapes in some,
you know, closet or storage facility.
And when they went to sell the studio,
they opened it up and there they were.
So be that as it may, it was kind of a time machine, you know.
So I was interested in the fact that there were over 120 songs there
and I could not remember writing that many songs.
So that's what kind of got me interested.
So I wanted to go listen to them all.
And so I did.
And then I started laughing and it was kind of fun and amusing
because good God, did I sound like, I sounded so much.
I know who I was, who I was channeling in those days
and it was Gordon Lightfoot.
And boy, it was just, it was way too close.
He should have sued me.
So I listened to them all
and then I tried to figure out what to do with them.
And the interesting thing was, you know, first idea was,
is this worth anything when people want to hear it?
Because, you know, once you get to one stage,
if you've survived this long in the business,
it's not like trying to do something new every year
and kind of keep the ball rolling.
I just try to make things
that if people want to add to their collection
based on what they've heard
and been such loyal fans about before,
then that's what a project is.
So I kind of put it up, weighted against those parameters,
which were, you know, would this be something fans would be interested in?
Something, you know, that was this raw and this far back.
And I thought maybe they would,
but then the other thing that kind of pushed me to the conclusion
of yes, they would was that the songs themselves,
when I heard them kind of conjured up visions
of the people playing them,
what was going on in my life at the time,
which was actually nothing.
Because nobody knew who I was
except these five guys I'd go to the studio with.
I also thought it would be unique to capture
these guys who were still, A, alive
and B, in mobile, who were the guys that kind of
were the only ones that knew me at the time
when they were putting bands together
and helping try to promote me coming out of the studio.
So I thought that was a kind of unique thing
to get their perspective in.
And then my daughter did a video
or a little documentary on all these guys who were in the studio.
So that's how the whole thing kind of,
it grew into what it became.
And then when it did come out,
all of a sudden I looked at it and the packaging alone
was worth doing it because Kim and her team,
the people that did it out in New York,
did a great job of putting this whole thing together.
Two, again, I thought at that point
we'd done what the objective was,
was to make something that if people liked what we did,
they could add this to their collection.
And that's kind of the way it happened in a short version.
Well, I was listening to it this morning
and enjoying it a lot.
So I think it's great that you got it out there.
We got a lot of people wanting your sage wisdom here.
A lot of our listeners wrote in with questions
and I'm just gonna hit you with-
Stage wisdom?
Sage wisdom.
I know.
Did you say sage or stage?
I can do both, which way do you want?
You're sage, stage, wisdom.
Sage, stage, wisdom.
Stage, sage, wisdom, either way.
This is the first one and you asked for questions
about sailing, lionfish in Puerto Rico.
We have all three covered.
So you're in good hands.
That covers some things, huh?
We got all the bases, here we go.
Here's our first question.
Do you have any recommendations for a city slicker
who wants to get into sailing?
Are there books to read before taking an actual course?
Any places or organizations that would get your seal of approval?
That's from the only bait in Phinadelphia is their name.
Phinadelphia, I like that.
From a city slicker to go sailing,
I would certainly say that reading is the first thing to do
and read books.
And then because there's so much great stuff out there
and if I was going to boil it down,
of course Treasure Island was the first one.
But if you really want to read some good stuff,
it would be the Patrick O'Brien series
about Albury and I can't remember Captain Jack Albury.
And I can't remember his sidekick.
But it's a great series of books
about the British Navy and the Napoleonic Wars.
And it's because the great thing about it is
it gets into the way people actually lived on boats back then.
You know, we think of them as you see them in movies
and there's just pirates and there's people on boats.
I mean, when they went,
they didn't know when they were coming back.
They had live animals, you know,
they all played music too because, you know,
there was no wifi back in those days.
And so most sailors had an instrument
or played an instrument and it's the way also
that a lot of music and different music
from around the world found its way
to other cultures was on boats.
So that all kind of, they're great adventures
but they take the essence of sailing
and how people lived and how they entertained themselves
when they weren't fighting
or when they weren't off, you know, in raging storms.
There was a lot of dull time on boats
and believe me, as one who sailed a lot,
you try to find some things to do.
So I think reading about it first
and then, you know, go down,
go find yourself a little sailing school somewhere.
If you live in Philly, you can go to the Jersey Shore,
you know, and get in a boat and if you don't puke,
then keep going.
Now, I gotta be honest, of all the sailing advice
I expected to get from Jimmy Buffett,
make sure you read up on it first.
It's not one of the things I expected to hear.
Not a lot of that.
You know what, I'll just go throw them in a boat
and point them out there and go try to get back.
Yeah, you'll be fine, bye.
Yeah, they'll figure it out, right?
No, I'm not a Captain Blah, you know,
you gotta read about it first, yeah.
Jimmy, I got a question for you.
I'm about to go on my first cruise,
which will be my first time really on a ship of any note
other than like a ferry.
That's a boat with an engine and.
True, but here's my question.
That's a hotel with an engine.
That's a floating hotel we're talking about, right?
Yes, but will there be a point
when I'm in the middle of the ocean
and I can't see land anywhere and my mind just breaks
and I just start screaming
because that's what I'm worried about now.
I think that's called ocean madness.
Yes. Ocean madness.
Well, you know what I would do?
I would start drinking seawater.
Okay.
And that will really make you crazy.
Just really.
Just lean into it.
I'm just kidding.
No, so I'm gonna tell you what.
To me, being out of sight of land
is one of the most pleasant and freeing experiences.
And it'll take you, how long is your cruise?
About a week.
Okay, that's good.
So, see, two days out, it takes a little while
to kind of get your sailor's legs about you,
even if you're on one of those big boats,
because you're moving.
And stay away from the buffet probably
would be a good other thing to do
until you get your sea legs.
But even when I would go out on my little boats
and once you left and you were on there,
you had to kind of readjust your brain,
readjust and your sense of balance has to readjust
whether you're on a big ship or a little ship,
it just automatically will do that
because you're not on real land.
So if you ever notice you get tired out there,
that's your inner ear working to keep your balance up.
So once you do leave land,
you have to reacclimate to being on the water.
So that's like two days.
And then after that, your anxiety should go away
and then you can relax.
Yeah, just try not to think about the fact
that the Poseidon adventure is based on a real story
and it happens to like one third of cruise ships out there.
And then the other thing I wouldn't do
is look at those disaster at sea videos on YouTube
before you go.
There's a lot of them.
Especially the ones with the cruise ships
getting smacked sideways by a 50 foot wave.
I wouldn't watch those.
There's so many because it's so common.
Oh no.
Hope that helped.
There's a great question here I wanna read.
The question is, the boom of my sailboat is terrifying to me.
I'm always worried that sucker is gonna brain me.
How do I overcome my fear of the boom?
And that's from Deliberate Land Dweller in Durham.
Okay, it's called a boom vang.
They make a device that you can put on your boom
and attach to your deck,
which will allow it not to hit you in your head.
So go out and buy a boom vang.
Now let's, Jimmy, just pretend,
I mean, obviously we all know what the boom is,
but let's pretend our listeners don't know
what the boom of a sailboat is.
And maybe you could explain that first.
Okay, it's very simple, okay?
The sail is triangular, so you have a mast
and you raise the sail and the sail is attached to the mast,
but the sail has to move.
So the mast is vertical
and then the boom is the section of the mast
that's horizontal that the sail attaches to
so it can swing back and forth
because you've got to catch the wind
and the wind is always moving.
And the reason it's called a boom
is because when it does hit you in the head, it goes boom.
I don't know what they called it before that.
They call it a perfectly nice steering instrument on a ship.
And a boom vang is just a piece of line
that will tie it to the boat
that will keep it from going boom.
Could you tie pillows to the boom
so that if it does boom you, it's at least sort of,
it cushions the blow?
Of course you could, but I've never seen it.
I feel like you might get some,
I feel like you might get hassled by some of the other sailors.
Let's say they'd probably get soggy, then mildewed,
and then seagulls would shit on them and stuff like that.
They could get funky in a hurry,
so you might not want that pillow as protection.
In my defense, a seagull can shit on any part of a boat
no matter what, pretty much at any time.
That is correct, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Here's another question for you, Jimmy.
There's been a push to eat lionfish
in order to curb their numbers
because they're an invasive species.
Have you tried it, would you?
And if you have, did it give you poisonous spines,
I guess, growing out of your body?
I don't see why that would happen.
That's from James.
That's from James.
Well, yeah, I went to the dermatologist
and I got those removed.
No, no, I don't want to scare anybody
because this is kind of a serious subject.
They are an invasive species.
And the thing of it is, if you're a lover of the islands
and water and diving and snorkeling and all that stuff,
which, you know, if you go on vacation,
that's what you want to do,
lionfish are a big problem.
And the fact of it is,
they don't have any natural predators in the ocean.
The thing of it is, you'll never get,
you can't equate it with ciguatera,
which you can get from like reef fish sometimes.
That doesn't happen in the flesh of the lionfish.
And yes, it's good.
We serve it at the restaurant in Margaritaville.
We make sushi out of it.
And we're trying to get people interested
in making it a commercial product,
which makes it something that the price of it would increase
so that more people would go catch them.
You know, you can actually kill a fish
and save a reef here.
You know, that's kind of an oxymoron
when you're out there thinking about trying to save the ocean.
You're trying to prevent everything from dying,
but you can knock off quite a few lionfish
and it's going to help the ocean.
So we're kind of involved actively
in some ways to promote that.
And people are doing it already.
They have lionfish rodeos in Florida and all,
but nobody has had seen them really as a food source
until a couple of people started figuring out
that they were good.
We shot them about five or six years ago
and just brought them up and cooked them
and they were fine.
Cleaning them is a bit of a problem,
but then our people down in our kitchen staff
at the hotel in Hollywood have done just that
to made it an easier way to clean it and not get poked.
And so the only danger to that is in cleaning it.
It's not going to kill you though,
but it does hurt like hell.
But anyway, we're looking at better ways
that we could clean them more efficiently
and make them more of a food commodity
because the fish does taste great.
And that's a great way to get the invasive species
under control.
So we're going to do it and we're doing it at the hotel.
We're going to start doing it down at our little restaurant
at the cruise ship dock in Belize.
If you get, who's going on the cruise,
Travis or Griffin or just Travis?
Just Travis.
Are you going to go to Belize?
I don't think so.
Not unless things go horribly awry.
Yeah, if he ends up in Belize,
something has gone terribly wrong with his-
A perfect storm situation.
Well, I was going to say, if you get down there,
you could go try some lionfish, you know?
I do really want to eat lionfish now.
Where are you going?
We're going down to Cozumel and Cabo.
You're going to Key West?
No, Cozumel and Cabo, okay.
I tell you, Jimmy, if you've never been to Mexico,
you should totally check it out.
It's pretty sick, yeah.
I've heard of it.
That's right.
Have you ever thought about doing an all-you-can-eat
lionfish night in Margaritaville?
I've always wanted to be an inspirational
environmental hero by eating a lot of fish.
I'm in.
What I am going to do is go out,
and when I get back from,
I got to go up and work on the musical.
When I get done with that, I'm going to go out on the boat
and with Carlo, my head chef down there,
who kind of started this thing,
I'm going to go out and shoot some lionfish with him,
and he's going to teach me how to clean them,
and then we're going to cook them right there on the boat,
and then make a video.
Please be careful.
You've said shoot a couple of times now, and I'm wondering if you can-
Yes, spear guns.
Oh, spear guns.
Okay, yes.
That makes a lot of sense now.
Not like shotguns.
No, I'm not taking an AR-15 on your boat right now.
I feel like if we could rebrand the lionfish,
because that's probably my hang up with it,
is that it sounds dangerous.
But the name tuna,
the reason there's only four tuna left,
is the name tuna, just that name sounds so good.
Right.
It sounds really tasty, and safe, and huge, and awesome.
What about tasty fish?
Tasty fish.
We call the lionfish tasty fish.
Tasty, there you go, just call it tasty fish.
Tasty fish.
And we changed tuna to big poison monster.
I don't think we need to drag tuna through the mud.
No, come on, yeah, come on.
Tuna, yeah, tuna's got enough problems here.
We got to get, yeah.
But tasty fish.
Well, you know, when you go into any restaurant now,
and they're serving you like sea bass,
you know, that's a complete, that's fake fish.
Oh.
Oh, no.
No hamburger, or is that chicken that they-
Yeah, I think they serve a lot of it at the White House,
fake fish these days.
But no, it's called the, let's see, it's the tooth fish,
but it's like the Argentina, the South Atlantic tooth fish.
And that's what they are, they're called,
and to your point, nobody's going to eat a tooth fish
with that name, so they just basically renamed them sea bass.
See, let's do that for lionfish.
Chilean sea bass, you know.
They're not any bass out there at all, they're tooth fish.
So the lionfish becomes the temptingly tasty fish.
Yeah, go for it.
Totally eat that.
I have like a, I have a practical question
that wasn't sent in by the audience,
but it's something that I struggle with every time
I go to, every time I go to the beach, I always feel,
and I enjoy going to the beach,
I always feel like I forgot something,
like I could have brought something
to help me feel more comfortable at the beach,
like maybe a better chair so that I'm not getting all sandy,
or it's like a sunshade to-
You notice that the beach has sand on it, correct?
The beach has sand on it, and it gets all over.
It gets all over, I'm curious, when you go to the beach,
which I imagine you do sometimes,
what do you take, like what do you bring with you?
What are like your beach, like survival tools?
My beach survival tool.
Yeah, like a drink or an umbrella.
Because I feel like if I saw Jimmy Buffett at the beach,
I would start to get real paranoid
to make sure I'm doing everything right,
and just sort of try to do-
What I would bring to the beach is my van
that has everything in it.
There we go.
That's so good.
Just drive it right onto the beach.
Drive it, it's four-wheel drive, you drive onto the beach,
and get a van.
That's the first thing I do, and put all your stuff in it.
And they make little vans and big vans,
you know, you can get a little Volkswagen van,
four-wheel drive, let a little air out of the tires,
put it right out on the beach, and there you go.
And you can take everything you want.
That's a good solution.
That's a good solution.
That's really good.
I'm gonna read another audience question.
Okay.
Several years ago, my sister went to Puerto Rico
and brought some home massive avocados.
They were the best avocados I have ever had,
and the guacamole we made from them
has made all the guacamole scents seem like trash.
How do I deal with my unreasonably high standards,
and that's from Avocado Don't, know how to quit you?
Avocado Don't.
Well, I think the thing of it is,
I would kind of research the fact of what's going on
in Puerto Rico in terms of agriculture,
and if your avocado groves are still there,
and if they're not, then I'm sure that there's some people.
There's a lot of people doing great things
in Puerto Rico right now.
I don't know if you ever,
did you see Jose Reyes' piece on 60 Minutes the other day
about cooking down there?
If not, you should check it out.
I mean, he literally took the terrible situation
where there was, and as he said, there was food there,
but people, they were in charge, didn't know how to do it.
He went down and in a matter of two weeks
was cooking for 100,000 people a day.
It's a pretty amazing story.
So there's that kind of care
and that kind of wanting to help on the ground in Puerto Rico,
and I bet you that somebody is reforesting at this moment
or else evaluating where those giant beautiful avocados are.
So maybe you want to get involved,
and because the thing about it is as disastrous as hurricanes
are having grown up in Hurricane Alley on the Gulf Coast
and lived amongst hurricanes,
the nature comes back pretty quick in the tropics,
and it's amazing how fast things grow again.
So I think your avocados will be back
and maybe you could help them get back.
And help Puerto Rico recover
and provide any kind of relief that you possibly,
it's been like a couple of months,
but obviously they still need help.
So this is probably a good time to mention
anything you can give to any organization
that you think can help, like UNICEF for-
The Hispanic Federation is doing a ton of good stuff.
Yeah, and they're doing stuff down there.
And if you can get direct to people that are,
our hotel got severely damaged there.
So we're basically getting all of our employees back to work,
cleaning up and getting the hotel back into shape.
So, you know, and trying to just at that level
make sure that everybody has something to do
as in the process of recovery is going along.
Jim, we got a lot of different versions of this question,
but this one kind of sums it up.
I work a fairly standard dead-end office job.
As you can imagine, life within a cubicle
can be unglamorous and sometimes stressful.
I don't have the time to get away from it all often.
Any tips for relaxing
and finding my own cheeseburger in paradise
in everyday life?
And that's from Big Boy Job in Baltimore.
Big Boy Job in Baltimore.
I would, I'd go find myself a local bar.
That's what I would do first.
And they probably had good crab cakes in.
And I know some of those exist in Baltimore.
And just the other thing to do,
is to get outside a little more,
even if it's cold or even if it's not pouring down rain,
just to get out and walk around without sunglasses
or any glasses on about 45 minutes a day.
It kind of recharges your batteries.
What about corrective glasses, like for bad vision?
Just take them off and try not to walk in traffic
while you're using your phone.
Do you feel a lot of pressure
to always be the calmest person in the room
in your day-to-day life?
I feel like if I was doing something
and I saw Jimmy Buffett stressed out,
I would probably flip my shit, honestly.
It's Jimmy Buffett, man.
Oh God, get out of here.
Jimmy Buffett's not calm.
None of us can be calm right now.
We all have to freak out.
There are days, let's say that I,
well, I get attentive, okay?
I don't know if I will.
That's the top of the scale.
Yeah, being rather attentive to a situation
might get at the top of the scale there, you know?
But I've had a few close calls
and it's either I'm either still supposed to be here
or I'm making up for lost time
because I should not be here or I'm supposed to be here.
So either way, I'm still glad I am here
and I'm not on the front nine anymore.
So I think the older you get,
all the stresses of life seem to go away
because you don't have a lot of time
to deal with that shit, you know?
So why not go out and try to enjoy every day you got
and not let everything get you down?
Jimmy, the last time you went to the doctor
was your blood pressure four?
No, I got my Apple watch on.
I'll tell you what it is right now, okay?
You want to know?
I actually am really curious.
I'm super curious what your blood pressure is.
Get a blood pressure check.
Get a pulse rate check.
Okay, here it's measuring now.
Okay, let's see here.
It's 54 beats a minute.
Wow, really?
That's amazing.
Your resting heart rate is like 88 on a good day.
That's insane.
What's yours now?
I'm at 99.
That's rough.
I almost have two Jimmy Buffett hearts inside of me.
I'm at 86, but I'm also recording a podcast with Jimmy Buffett.
So I feel like I'm allowed to kind of do
whatever my heart's going to do.
Have a heightened state.
Wait, this podcast is making your blood pressure rise.
That's cool.
Yeah, it's about the most stressful thing that I do,
believe it or not.
It's really cool.
As shameful as that is.
It's really cool and killing all three of us.
I think you're holding it together pretty well.
I do.
Thanks.
Well, this is the closest we get to physical labor.
Yeah, this is the hardest.
Yeah.
Where would you rate on a scale of very chill to attentive,
creating a musical based on your music,
Escape to Margaritaville, which just finished.
It's about to wrap up, I guess, tomorrow.
It's run in Chicago and then it's moving to Broadway
middle of February.
How sort of stressful was that?
Or is that more of a joyful thing?
Or how was that for you?
It's a bit of yin and yang there because, of course,
it's a dream come true and I've always loved musical theater.
And the actual fact that it's happening,
I mean, as I've been to shows,
we've been in La Jolla, New Orleans, Houston,
now in Chicago.
I sit out there and I love watching the audience
because I don't get out there that much.
And I love that this show really entertains them.
And I get a big kick out of watching people enjoy the show.
And I have to pinch myself to believe
that this is actually happening.
We're going to Broadway.
And then, I mean, and Justin, you were there
when your good friend, Lin-Manuel Miranda,
brought you to the show.
And then we could have, how do you think I felt
when he came out and we did Margaritaville?
I go, God, this is cool.
But I got a little over than attentive.
I got excited.
When Lin-Manuel came on the stage.
Yes, I did.
Which show do you think is better,
Escape to Margaritaville or Escape to Margaritaville?
Margaritaville or Hamilton?
And this is the question that is on everyone's lips.
Oh my God, oh God, okay.
Well, let's just say this.
I like them both, but nobody gets killed in Margaritaville.
And they don't drop any beach balls on you in Hamilton.
I don't know, it's different skills.
No, but when we did it that day, Justin,
I thought it was pretty cool to go get a history lesson
and get them, hell, I was crying at the end of Hamilton.
And that's about the eighth or ninth time I've seen it.
When Who Tells Your Story comes on, they got me again.
That's what's great about it.
But get a history lesson in the afternoon
and feel like you've gone to group therapy
and then go get a drink, go to Margaritaville.
It's a great day in Chicago.
If I could live that day every day.
There's only two more of them.
But you'll be able to do it in New York
because we're right down the street
from them in New York too.
Perfect.
All right, well, Buried Treasure Volume One is in stores now.
Escaped Margaritaville moving to Broadway mid-February.
You can go get tickets, escapedmargaritaville.com,
I believe is the, escapedmargaritavillemusical.com.
It's interesting to get those.
Oh, you know what else is coming up too?
It's gonna be kind of fun.
The new Avengers movie.
Working with the Eagles.
Working with the Eagles in next summer.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, yeah, those tickets are on sale now.
I've known about it for a while.
It doesn't come as a surprise for me
because I've known about it.
It's gonna be cool because, you know,
I kind of got my big break opening for the Eagles
way back when for the Hotel California tour.
We became great friends and they were very instrumental
in me making a big leap.
And so it's gonna be,
we haven't played together since then
and it's gonna be a lot of fun.
And I think we're doing,
we're doing with them,
we're doing Miami, Orlando, Minneapolis,
going to Minneapolis, Denver.
Love Minneapolis.
And I think San Francisco.
Yeah, it's gonna be fun.
Well, next time you make it out to Cincinnati,
I know I'll be there.
If you want to pick me out of the crowd,
I'll be the middle-aged guy in a Hawaiian shirt.
So if you see that, that's me in the crowd out there.
You know, I've seen like three people in Cincinnati
dressed like that.
So can you tell me what color your shirt is?
Cause there'll probably be two other people.
I'm the one with the huge muscles.
Huge muscles.
Huge muscles.
Glistening muscles, glistening in the sun.
Huge glistening muscles.
Hawaiian shirt.
Yeah, that's me.
I'm gonna be looking for you.
I'm gonna try to throw a pick in your direction.
You're gonna have to really chuck it
cause I usually end up towards the back,
but I'll try to push it away for you.
Will you be on the lawn?
You're gonna be up high, I mean, come on, come on.
I know that, I know that, yeah.
I've been out there.
Jimmy, before we let you go,
I just wanted to thank you for the most chill
My Brother, My Brother and Me segment
in the history of our podcast, I feel like.
The most relaxing segment we've ever had on the show.
Well, man, you're saying I made podcast history today?
There it is.
Yes, absolutely.
Wow, okay, well, thank you.
Cause I know a lot of people listen.
So yeah, I know there's a reason to listen
cause you guys are good.
I'm glad we could finally give you your big break, Jimmy,
and really get your name out there.
I've been looking for that thing, yeah.
So thanks for allowing me to have my big break.
All right, thank you, Jimmy.
Okay, guys, have a great holiday.
Okay, Finza, bye-bye.
Thank you to everybody.
Thank you to Jimmy Buffett, I guess,
especially for coming on and doing our show.
One other quick thing I wanted to mention.
I have one other small thing.
Candle Nights show went on sale, sold out.
Thank you so much to everybody who got tickets.
Can't wait to see you.
If you didn't get tickets, or even if you did,
and you wanna do something else this Candle Nights season,
Big Brothers Big Sisters of South Central West Virginia
works with a lot of LGBTQ youth in our area.
And because of that work, they lost $80,000 in donations
because-
People are assholes.
Because people are assholes.
But we're not, and more importantly, you're not.
So we're trying to make up the gap.
All the money from the show is being donated to them.
But my sister-in-law, Riley,
is also organizing a fundraiser with us
that is be a Candle Nights star.
So basically, for five bucks or more,
if you can afford it, that would be great,
you can get a star on the Candle Nights tree.
And that'll be up at our show this December.
And all the profits for that,
you can personalize your own star
and all the profits for that
are gonna go to the Big Brothers Big Sisters
of South Central West Virginia.
So if you could do that, it's bit.ly forward slash mbmbam stars.
And we really appreciate that.
Two more quick things.
PodCon is this weekend.
Hopefully you've heard about it before now,
but if you haven't, in Seattle, December 9th and 10th,
there's a podcast convention with my brother and my brother
and me, 99% Invisible, Welcome to Night Vale,
Last Name Basis, and also some great guests
are gonna be there.
Apana and Charla's gonna be there.
Gabby Dunn's gonna be there.
I think Hal Lublin's gonna be there.
Oh, they got Hal?
They got Hal, and you can attend.
You can come for just $100.
And even if you're not in the area,
there is a $30 remote attendance option
that's like being there, but you don't have to travel for it
for just 30 bucks.
What a miracle.
I know, and not only were we doing it,
my brother, my brother, and me there,
there's gonna be a bunch of other events
that we pop our heads into and do.
I'm moderating a panel about collaborative storytelling
with some folks from Night Vale and Black Tapes
and a couple other shows that I'm pretty excited about.
So that'll be something.
I've never moderated before.
It's gonna be great.
So you can check that out.
It's gonna be great, so you can check that out
at podcon.com, P-O-D-C-O-N.com.
That's this weekend, so don't wait on that.
And get your questions in if you're gonna be there
for the My Brother, My Brother, and Me show.
Please, we need those.
And one more quick plug.
I was on Hello from the Magic Tavern this week,
which was an absolute dream of mine.
It's one of my favorite podcasts.
If you haven't checked it out,
it's one of, I think, the funniest,
most inventive podcasts in existence right now.
And I got to be on it.
And I played a character named Chest Trunkborn.
And you boys would be proud of me.
I did my character voice through the whole episode.
Good boy.
So good.
And like I said, that's Hello from the Magic Tavern.
And I was on it this weekend.
It was super fun.
It was a great time.
And Paul Sabourin makes a couple cameos in there too.
So go check it out.
I wanna say I'm sorry about all the plugs,
but this time, and I know that's annoying.
So thank you for hanging in there with us.
A lot of his charity,
and I'm not gonna apologize for that.
You're all good people.
And I know everybody is looking for opportunities
to make the world slightly better.
So apologies about that.
Just kind of a confluence of everything
happening at all at once.
You know, end of the year.
Got a lot of plates spinning.
A lot of plates spinning.
It'll be, so thank you for indulging us.
We really appreciate it.
Yeah, and it's not fucking over yet
because I wanna thank John Roderick
and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed.
Very good album.
Very wintry.
Don't sleep on One Christmas at a Time,
the John Roderick, Jonathan Colton Christmas album.
That's also very good.
Would you like me to sing the title track?
Yes, right now.
One Christmas at a time.
That's it.
And thank you to MaximumFun.org for having us.
You can go to MaximumFun.org,
check out a bunch of great podcasts there.
Or if you wanna hear other stuff we do,
you can go to mackroyshows.com.
Let's end the program.
Hell yeah.
Thanks to James Buffett.
Go see Escape to Margaritaville.
Thank you, James.
And buy buried treasure volume one.
Got to.
This one was also sent in by Seth Carlson,
the delivery man with the hat trick.
Thank you, Seth.
It's Yahoo Answers user...
Uh-oh.
Daughter eponymous.
Daughter eponymous asks,
why is...
I'll try to stress the all caps words in here.
Why is our government and others hiding the truth about giants?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
And this has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Just gonna wear on the lips.
MaximumFun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Max Fun Con tickets are on sale now at maxfuncon.com.
Watch stand up comedy on a mountain.
Roll out of bed after a dance party to see a live podcast taping.
Take classes from amazing teachers with the most
supportive group of people you'll ever meet.
Make a bunch of friends and eat a ton of s'mores.
Come to Max Fun Con at Lake Arrowhead, California,
the second weekend of June for friendship, comedy and creativity.
Get your ticket now at maxfuncon.com.
