The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Aren't we a pair? Me here at last on the ground, you in midair. Sending the clowns. Isn't it bliss?
Don't you approve? One who keeps tearing around, one who can't move. Where are the clowns?
Sending the clowns. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me 100,
a retrospective. I am your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I am your middle-est brother,
Travis McElroy. I'm the sweet baby brother Griffin. Why are we talking like this?
It's like an NPR special. Like an NPR special remembering the McElroy brothers. Behind the
wisdom. Behind the wisdom, they called it. I think that idea is Terry Gross.
Oh, Terry Gross humor. So welcome everybody. We're walking on broken Ira glass. Those are
the only two people I know from NPR. Also, Rick Steves. So what do you know? This show stinks.
That's my what do you know gag about what do you know with Michael Feldman. People have listened
to a hundred episodes of this. That's their bad. This is what we're delivering. These are the
goose we bring to our hundredth episode. This is our hundredth episode. The show of a hundred
goose is what this is going to be called. This is not a lot of people know this, but the hundredth
anniversary is the bad NPR puns anniversary. It's the most treasured gift. So this is our hundredth
show. If you can believe that shit, we started. God, we, we, uh, our first episode I believe was
April 11th or April 12th. Yeah. This is also our two year. I believe it's our two year anniversary.
It is. Yeah. So we've been doing this junk for two years. You've been listening to me to skip
12 episodes at some point or bad. Well, no, there's a, I don't think we numbered the candle
nights episodes. Did we? Uh, and good job on the math there, Griffin. There's 52 weeks. So we'd be
at a hundred and four. That's 72 times two. Hold on. Hold on. Six is a hundred. You forgot to carry
it. Did you carry it? Did you do, where's the square root? I dropped the one. Yeah. You never
show your work, Travis. Uh, so this is our advice show for the modern era. Uh, we have, thank you
guys so much for letting us continue to do this for you for so long. Um, thank you for not finding
anything better to do. Thank you for not getting one more extra productive hour in your week.
Although I'm sure you're like cleaning. Are you cleaning the sink right now? You probably are.
Somebody's doing dishes right now. You're doing dishes right now. Hey, if, if there's a couple
doing dishes together while you're watching the show, I want you to look each other and just be
like, it looks like we made it. Cause this is the mo these are the moments. This is like the
equivalent of when you're painting the house together and she's got a handkerchief on her head
and then one of you accidentally gets paint on the other and then oops, roller fight.
This is like that kind of man. Also walking on sunshine is playing. It's like the first,
it's like the first four minutes of up and then hopefully not the two minutes that follow that.
You know, I would like someone who hasn't seen up before to show them up and then like hit stop
after the first four minutes. Like that was it. It was just one of those Pixar shorts. Pretty great,
huh? It's yeah. It's just called happy marriage. This is like the middle five minutes of the,
fuck yeah. Curious jam a button, man. What's that? That old rat pit jam, you know, where they were,
he was old and she was young. Jack. You're thinking of Jack. I'm thinking of Jack.
So let's, let's actually get to helping people. We've got probably too much to do this week.
So let's, uh, let's get right on it. My roommate's girlfriend has taken to spending four or five days
of the week at our apartment. She takes a shower twice a day, uses the toilet, does most of her
laundry here and uses the internet and cable. Is it appropriate to ask her to start paying
utilities or even rent? I know this seems obvious, but we're in college and she's still
paying for her own apartment until the lease ends in August. So I feel sort of bad, but at the same
time, me and my other roommates feel as though we're basically paying her to live here. Brothers,
what are we to do? That's from disgruntled in Delaware. There's I think, I don't think this
issue is as black and white as it, as it seems. No, this question should be called how horrible
it is to be in college. Yeah. Cause this I I'm guarantee you live with six people, right? You
live with six people in a three bedroom house. That's thorny. No matter which way you slice it,
she squatters. She now you have complained that she uses the toilet and I would not bring,
I would not bring that up when you approach her like, Hey, every, every flush, every dump flush
you do. It's like, she's not going to piggy bank on the back of the toilet. She's not going to admit
to her boyfriend that she uses the bathroom for another couple of years. So you don't want to,
you don't want to blow up her spot this soon. Also, I would say that internet and cable might
not be a good argument because they're completely renewable resources. It's not like she's using up
anything. You used up all of my Nickelodeon. Yeah. Can I be honest? Like if I don't think
the right solution is to ask for money. Like I don't, I don't think that's the right. I think
if you're uncomfortable with how much time she is spending there, then I think that you should ask,
talk to the guy about it. Talk to her too. Well, no, I don't, I don't mean that. I don't mean that
in a misogynist way. I mean that in like a, like he's the one, you know, presumably a little bit
better and it's going to be more comfortable. I don't mean like a man makes the decisions for
here's the thing. Unless she's like invited herself in and some kind of crazy person way,
he brought her into the apartment. He's having her spend the night. What are you talking about?
I'm saying the responsibility is on your roommate, not her. I want to know about the crazy person
way in which she's, is she secretly secretly living in the house? Like a, like a borable?
Is that what's going on? Well, I'm not necessarily going that far, but so much as it's like,
she never goes home now and she just like hangs out there all the time. And he's too afraid of
her to like ask her to maybe spend the night at her own house once or twice a week. So I might
be really physically intimidating is what I'm saying. She's like a witch. You mean a witch?
Yes. He's cursed with. Thank you. A witch that inhabits the eaves of her house. Is this what
you're saying? Maybe she's, maybe she sneaks down into the kitchen and steals all of his fruit. And
also she's tiny cause she's a borable. I don't think a borable is what you think it is. Is it
not like this? I think you're thinking of borrowers. God damn it. A borable is a thing,
but I think it's like a rat like child. What? I don't know. I think it's a book
dad used to read and talk about borables. I think it's a book dad made up. Let me cruise
into this borables well for a second. So there's a trilogy. They're written by an English author
and they're runaway children who eventually become borabled. And when they wake up,
they find their ears have been pointed. Okay. So they are rat like children. They are very similar
to, to elves and pixies of English folklore. What I meant is that your girlfriend's a borrower.
Your roommate's girlfriend is a borrower. And unless he's a borrower, I don't know. I can't get
behind borrower crossbreeding. I don't mean to sound like that's not, I don't want to sound
bigoted. I don't want to sound bigoted, but just like the physics of it is kind of gross to think
about, you know, a hundred episodes in and the truth comes out. Your freak, your flag flies.
I'm still so disappointed. Your, your flag, you're flying your flag of hatred, the hatred,
hate tolerance and intolerant flag. I think the only time it's appropriate to ask a girlfriend
that's like staying over for rent is if she does not have her own place. You know what I mean? If
it's like, well, my lease, no, I'm saying like, if she's like crashing there for a month or two,
like until, you know, if she finds another place or something, then you sure as fuck ask for rent.
This is like, she has an offshore bank account though. Like she has an apartment that she pays
$13 a month for. Cause it's awful. But she stays here on the free skis. Cause she can always say,
oh no, no, no. I mainly incorporated over on six, the dirty part of it,
but you know, this is, and this is where it gets to, especially if you're not paying for water,
if like water is included in your rent, you got no, you have no like to stand on. Yeah. You know
what I mean? But maybe it's just like, I think here, I think that the money thing is not at the
root of this, the root of it is a sort of place to hang your hat, but really like she's there all the
time. Yeah. And this is your, especially if she's there when he's not putting your foot down. This
is like your place. Like, you know, any boyfriend, girlfriend, like you get a house and you think,
okay, well the three of us are going to live here and it's going to be a little crowded,
but whatever we'll make ends meet. Like, and then you have this other person who's always there and
you don't know them and they're not paying anything. So you resent them. Is it also that
he just wants to play Madden and make dude farts? Could that be possible? I wanted to eat this
oversized plate of chicken wings and make dude farts. And you're here all the time,
classing up the place. I'm not saying that women can't eat chicken wings and play Madden and
make dude farts. That's not what I'm saying. That is exactly what women do when there aren't men
around. I'm just saying the mixing of the sexes. When you mix, when you crossbreed, you can't,
you can't, you crossbreed men and women does not believe in breeding between men and women. No,
no, it's disgusting. How did the parts even match up at that point? You know,
it says in the Bible, you must be equally yoked and that cannot apply if one of you is a man
and one of you is a woman. It's disgusting. Like if you're not dong slapping, which is
when you hit two dongs together, like the thunder sticks at a stadium,
like at a sports game. Um, or I don't have a name for what it is when you do it to vaginas.
Okay. Yeah. Oh, can we not, you're going to have to bleep that out. Yeah. Oh, I will.
It wouldn't be our hundredth episode without getting feverish questions about what horrible
thing Travis said that we had to bleep out. Um, I hate you. I, I, you just got to talk to him and
say, listen, either, I don't think you can go halfway on this. Either she becomes a fourth
roommate and she's there all the time or wait a minute. The lease ends in August. Yeah. Oh,
right. That's, that's a, that's a hike. That's a ways out. Yeah. Um, I don't think the money's
going to fix your problem though. I think she just needs to stop being there so much. And I
think that's really what's bothering you. I think four or five days a week is way too much. I think
like two or three is fine, especially. And here's the other thing. If she was just like getting
there at like eight o'clock at night, they'd watch a movie and then she'd spend the night
and then she'd leave in the morning and go to class. But the fact that she's showering
twice and doing her lawn, she's squatting in your home. She's literally squatting because
she's using your toilet and that's not okay. That's inappropriate. You should put, you know,
you got to put nails on the toilet seat like they do to keep pigeons off of subway stops.
That doesn't mean that is wholly impractical. That's exactly what you need to do. Now that
literally, literally, uh, we asked you guys, uh, those of you who we've helped and I was using
air quotes over the years, we asked you to check in with us to tell us how things are going, how
things are going with you. How did it work out? Uh, even though we do advise you to never take
our advice. Uh, we're very clear about that. Um, some of you still do occasionally. Um, Travis,
give me a check-in. What's, what's the story out there? You answered my question in episode 29,
the quickening. My question was in regard to my older boyfriend, me 28, him 52. And my fear is
about introducing him to my friends. I cracked up at your world's greatest grandpa slash boyfriend
riff, but you eventually gave me some real advice. I would disagree saying that my friends would be
cool. It turns out they were all my friends are now his friends and we've been together for two
years. Thanks brothers. And congrats on your hundredth episode. I listen every week and I'm
a proud maximum fund supporter due to you. You joke, but you really do help more than you think
your faithful listener. Yes. I know it's weird. Oh yes. I know it's weird. I'm so happy to hear
from you. That's so nice. I remember that question. I'm glad everything worked out.
Me too. Why does he take our advice? We did. We are very clear about this. Usually we are in no
way legally responsible for anything. Sometimes give so much different advice that you would
almost, I mean, you almost have to make it. We throw the, we throw the advice spaghetti against
the wall and sometimes something sticks, but for every, for every one piece of spaghetti that does
stick to the wall, like 80 pieces fall to the ground. And so in that respect and crush your dog,
we may help more giant pieces of spaghetti. We may help more than we think, but we also hurt
way, way more than we could ever calculate. Right. Because now you got mice. Look at this
pasta on the floor. This is an issue. We need to get, we need to get somebody in here to clean.
But thank you for listening. And I'm glad that we could help. Thank you so much.
Thanks for being a maximum fund supporter. Yeah. Yeah. You guys did amazing with that stuff. We
won't harp on it too much, but you guys are just the best humans. A billion dollars. Yeah. Well,
we raised a billion dollars. A billion dollars a month. Yeah. A billion dollars
isn't cool though. You know, it's cool.
Yahoo answer? Yahoo answer question. I thought you were going for a transition.
No, we're, we're really, we're really rich now. The three of us are getting to a point where
we are, I would say we're careening towards pay to hunt Eastern European people in a forest.
Like that's about where we're, we're about like hostile rich. I have actually at this point over,
I took over a serfdom. Did you? Yeah. I have a whole army of serfs now. You know, so rewarding,
but it is watching the twinkle in their eye as I give them some services is one of,
I think one of the most rewarding investments you can make. My one piece of advice to you,
keep your eye on Frankie and Annette because they will, they will get out of hand.
Serfs. No, I got you. Serving. Uh-huh. Uh, so surfing. Yeah. No, no. Yeah. I know.
It's funny. Cause, cause they're homonyms. Okay. They sound the same, but they're spelled
different. Here we go. Uh, this Yahoo answer is sent by, I don't think two homonyms should get
married there. I'm sorry. Stop it. This Yahoo answer is sent in by Earl Parsons. Thank you,
Earl. It's by Yahoo answers user Bob, but not a builder who asks, why do kids think it's cool
to sag if they don't know the real meaning of it? Correct me if I'm wrong, but in prison,
if you sag, does that mean you are owned by someone else in the prison?
I, this, this, this is, this is absolutely a guidance counselor who's wanting to go to
school next day and just fucking nail people like, Hey, you know what that means? I read
on the internet. He's setting up his own scared straight scenario. Is that what that means?
It seems counterintuitive to me to, if you are in prison and you belong to someone,
if you were meant for them and they were meant for you, um, and you, and you show off your,
your, your plumage, you know, if you air it out and you show it off and you say, this is mine,
this is what I'm working with. You jealous. It seems like, I dunno, it seems like a better thing
to do would be to like cover it up as much as you possibly could hoist it up to like your armpit.
Like when you get married in real life, you don't, you don't, you know, walk around
hanging brain, I guess. Yeah. You know what I mean? It's like you were, you were in a committed,
you were in a beautiful and committed relationship. Um, if I get married in prison to a,
I believe I'm not attempting to offend you. I believe the nomenclature is bitch. When I get
married to a bitch in prison, I, what? Justin. Yes. You would be the bitch. Okay. Okay. I mean,
I'm just saying I will, I will commit myself to our man in such a way that I will wear a full tarp
that I have fashioned out of paper towels. I saw when the warden wasn't looking and no,
no other man, other than big Ricky Jay is going to have his cart thrower. You will not,
you will not be allowed to be in a room alone with a man who is not your, uh, your, I guess,
butt King. What are they called? You will not be allowed to be in a room alone with a man who is
not your butt King, except for the hundreds and hundreds of men that you like legally have to
stay in a room alone with all the time because you're in prison. Right. But I'll be very cool
to them. I would be very distant. Oh, just an ice, just an ice thousand yard stare. Just really
inaccessible. They'll try to chat me up about, I don't know how about that morning. You think
they're only talking about breakout Kings and uh, like Alcatraz last night. I wish we could
disappear and travel in time and then Hurley would be there for some reason.
I don't like living in a universe in which there's a secret code enclosed that I'm unaware of.
Is this what a couple of questions. First off, are our kids still doing this?
Yes. Well, okay. Now I'm getting some, I'm getting some conflicting reports on it. My kids aren't
doing it. Okay. God knows. Now here's, I counter argument. Okay. Yesterday when I saw the three
suges, the, there was a part where Larry, let me finish. There's a part where you,
you had to torpedo our comedy by bringing that poison into it. Let me finish. There was a pretty
good bit where a gentleman walked past Larry and he said, Oh, your pants are hanging down.
Let me help you. And then he pulled them up. So that is at least, I think their kids must still
be doing it. Cause why else would it be in the three suges? Well, as you all know, three suges
has their finger on the pulse of the youth nation. I actually, after watching the film,
I can confirm it has the finger on the pulse of euthanasia. I actually really, uh, ready to,
ready to go afterwards. But, um, well, pretty good, pretty good, pretty good flick.
I feel like I don't see, I live in Austin. So I see kids wearing their pants actually tighter and
higher up than, than the average, the national average. Um, they like them tight and high here.
So high and tight hearing says, Hey, I've seen this thing where kids only wear one leg of their
pants at a time. Explain please. Well, you kind of alternate the other one hangs down off their
dong like an elephant trunk. No, it's just off to the side. You know, when on commercials, when
people do the, I have big pants cause they lost a bunch of weight. Yeah. Yeah. It's like that,
except the side of the pants extent and the other leg is naked. So do they hop around?
Yeah. Like they put like the left leg of their pants on their right leg or they put the right
leg of their pants on their left leg. So like the other side dangles impotently like a skip it.
Yes. Yes. And then they skip it.
The very best thing of all this bit doesn't make sense at all.
Oh Christ. Um, I think, I don't know. I don't think that this is what this means in prison.
I think there's another way of showing off, um, that I am committed, but I can't, who can't,
who can keep track? People were talking about all the secret codes in prison. People,
people talk about salad tossing a lot in prison movies. I have, I have in my life understood that
to mean at least four different things. I S I do not know what that actually means. And I'm not
sure any of the prisoners do do either. So what means sagging in one, like what sagging means in
one prison may not mean the same thing. And another one does that, does that make sense?
Um, I think I'm pretty sure that dong slapping is the only universal language of love.
Yeah, that is true. Cause that's that that leaves nothing to the imagination. That is,
that is as cut and dry as possible, except it is actually very wet.
Even the name of it is perfectly descriptive. Yeah. When I say dong slapping, you know exactly
what I'm talking about. It conjures a horrifying mental image that you just can't get out of your
head. Horrifying the sound. It's all the sound. It's actually. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's actually quite
romantic. Did you see that episode of planet earth when the two cheetahs did it? There's never
been a more beautiful expression of power in this world. I don't think. Hey guys, Phil from Cincinnati
here. Wanted to call and congratulate you on your 100th episode. I've written in twice and you've
helped me both times on how to talk to my coworkers and also how to get my friends to wash their hands
after they use the bathroom. So thanks again. Take care. Hey, my man. This is known. My man,
fan who's mom Mariko. And I'd like to congratulate you on your 100th episode. And I'll look forward
for a hundred more. Lots of laughs, lots of giggles and lots of wiggles. I suppose I am
planning on asking my lady friend for her hand in marriage. My grandma has made it known to me that
she would like my girlfriend to have her, my grandma's engagement ring. If I give my girl,
my nanny's ring, she will think it is a sweet sentiment or will I look like an el cheapo for
not shelling out for a brand new ring. Brothers help a brother. That's betwixt in Bethune,
South Carolina. Bethune. Is that the right pronunciation? Bethune. Bethune. Bethune.
Bethany. Bethany. Okay. Oh shit. You fucked that up so hard. There's no why guys. I don't know
what el cheapo means. I don't think that anyone has ever received a like, man, I almost said the
phrase hand me down ring. Not what I meant. Finger me down heirloom heirloom ring and been like,
Oh, to cheat to buy your own, huh? Like, I don't think that that translates. It depends on how
shitty your grandma's ring is straight up. What are you dealing with? How many carat is it like
a ring pop? If it's a ring pot, then, oh, well, I mean, if it's a ring pop with candy on top,
then that's bad. But if it's a ring pop with a ring pop size diamond, that would also probably
be back. She couldn't really do anything with that hand anymore. The good thing about this,
uh, question is that you don't actually have to figure out the answer beforehand. Let me explain.
If you go to her, you hand her the ring, you tell her the story behind the ring,
tell her it's sort of a family heirloom type thing. You watch her face. If she is touched
and thrilled just at the prospect of the two of you getting married and the fact that you gave her
such a treasured family heirloom, you got a keeper. Great. If you see for a second, something flick
across her face that you did not buy the ring and she's as pleased by that, you snatch that ring
back, you make a run for a plate glass window, you smash through it and you never look back.
Okay. You took a much more extreme second option than I thought you were going to say. No way.
No, you listen to me. You smash through the plate glass window and you never look back
because you did it bad. You thought you were doing good when you dated her. You did a bad job.
You found a bad partner. Could he not just say like, no, I've got this ring until I like can get,
you know, a different one. No, no, no, no. You gotta go, plan your escape, check the gauge of
the plate glass. Cause if it's too thick, you're just going to bounce right off and that'll be
embarrassing. Could you use your grandmother's ring to cut through the plate glass window?
This is it. This is it. This is a good idea. Yes. Use the ring, use the ring. And then you're
going to find out if you're giving her some whack cubic zirconia. Like you use the ring to score
basically a section of the glass that you will be able to smash through. Yeah. A mark shaped hole.
You just make a mark shaped hole where Mark can take a run at it and just really smash through.
Please, please propose to her on the first floor of a building. Yeah. I was about to say,
make sure you plan it on a low level, maybe second, but low level. But listen to me nephew,
you give her that ring and she's disappointed that you didn't buy it yourself. You got to run.
You have to run because you did it bad. Um, and get the ring back because your money is going to
be pretty upset. Um, well she'll be upset either way. That's her, that's her fucking ring. Just
let your nonny have her ring. God damn it. Not the only thing she has left. Hey nonny,
do you mind if I grave robber you while you're still alive? I may be in love with this girl.
I can't, I can't figure it out until I try to give her your ring. Yeah. Uh, I gave,
I gave Sydney our nonny's ring and she loved it. I mean, it was because it,
it, if you have the right, if you're getting involved with the right kind of person,
they will understand that things like family and things that have been passed down this way
have more value than a billion dollar ring. Uh, I don't know. Well, well, if I pawn,
I have a chart. If I pawn my nonny's ring, I can get maybe a half gram of meth. Right. Okay. But
if I, you're right. You got to figure it out. If X is the value of how much you love your nonny
and how much she means to you versus how old the ring is and the carrot, you can figure out a dollar
amount. I guess is that, if that's what you're saying. That is it. Well, I was just saying that
anytime you pawn something, I don't think anybody's ever pawned anything and then not spent the money
on, on methamphetamines. They actually started to do it using that metric in pawn stars. Yeah. They
say, you know, I have this, I have this authentic Roy Rogers shirt that he wore in a shuffle down
to Buffalo. Can I have three grams of meth for this? And they would say, no, I'll give you two,
two crystals. How is it okay to propose to your girlfriend with your grandmother's meth? Yeah,
sure. And I would like to think that you probably know the answer to this. Yeah. Like I would hope
that, you know, if that will mean something to her. I understand what you're, I don't understand
what you're saying, but the, the sentiment in this case will mean more than the, than the dollar
amount. And what's Griffin? You don't agree. I'm just, I had a thought. What if it's a, what if it's
a toe ring? He didn't, he didn't specify or like a belly button ring. It could be any number of rings
to get engaged in. Cause it doesn't say anywhere that engagement ring has to be a gold band with
a little diamond on top of it. I don't think. Does it? It probably does say that somewhere. Yeah.
Where would it say that? In the book, the book, the book, the book of sales, the book,
open your Bible. So the book of sales, if it's a toe ring, then it's a toe ring. Your grandma is
whack. You have a wack nanny and you need to get a new nanny first and then new wife priorities.
Cause your nanny may not be with you forever. You're going to need two plate glass windows
or one very large, very rich. Okay. So you go to your nanny, you say, I'm ready to propose to
Bethany in Bethune. Uh, I need, I need your rig. If you see her reaching for the shoe,
you run at that plate glass and you smash it out. Cause you're done with that money.
You need a new one. New nanny. You find nanny too. She says, I keep my rings on my finger like an
adult. Then you go to your grave robber and then you go to your girlfriend. Yeah. And you say,
I got this ring from neo nanny and I need, and I want you to be mine. And then she says,
did you buy that? Was it on a toe? You say, uh, no to both. Find that other plate glass,
smash it, run back to nanny, realize that you went back to first nanny, say, oh,
fuck smash through another one. And by this point you are probably cut to ribbons. I'm pretty tired.
You're probably very tired. Cause this all happened in like two minutes. And then
go to Jared's. Then you go to Jared's and you get it right. You just go to Jared, do it right.
Travis. And then find a new girlfriend. At Jared's. She works the cashier. She knows her stuff.
She's a good, she's a good lady. Propose to her. Travis. Uh-huh. Hey brothers. Help anybody else?
Nope. But, um, hey brothers. I was the one who wrote a while back asking if the height difference
between this girl that I like was a deal breaker. She is several inches taller than me. I'm happy
to report that I took your advice and asked her out. We have been happily dating for almost four
months. She usually wears flats. So we're about the same height. Anyway, thanks for the help guys.
You're awesome. And that's from compact in Kentucky. Oh, that's good to hear. That's good to
hear. But I feel like pretty much anybody would have told you that thing. We told you. Yeah.
That was not a tough one. Did you talk to anyone else before us? Were we your first step?
Oh Christ, I hope not. That's like the one thing you can't do. What kind of horrible brand of dude
would you have to talk to that'd be like, oh, she's taller than you? No way. No way. Get out of time.
Let's just sit around and make dude farts. Pass the Madden Troller. Did you ask Charlie Sheen
about this before you came to us? He's a very diminutive man, right? I think Charlie Sheen?
He's diminutive and horrible. Like some sort of troll. Like some sort of swamp monster. Hey guys,
check this out. Check this out. Winning. Oh boy. Remember, it was in Three Stooges,
there was a... Is there a scene in Three Stooges where they quote Charlie Sheen?
Is that what you're saying? No, but there is a scene where... Justin, I don't want to hear it.
It's a scene. No, you do have to hear it. Have to? Have to hear it? For 20 minutes,
maybe 25, it felt like seven hours. That's a pretty good length for a scene. Yeah.
Well, it's comprised of three shorts, three half hour long shorts. The movie is? Yeah.
Are you? And in the movie for about half hour, Moe is part of the cast of Jersey Shore.
Dynamo, as they refer to him. Dynamo. Dynamo. Dynamo. Dynamo. He's a part of the Jersey Shore.
If you do this, I'm going to start talking about how I watched Joe Dirt yesterday.
I don't want to do this. I'm just telling you guys I saw it. It's pretty good.
I'm just saying that we will do mutually assured joke destruction if you keep talking about Three
Stages, I will bring up Joe Dirt. Let's talk about anything else then. Okay. Anything else?
Guys, I watched Hudson Hawk yesterday and let me- No! No! You son of a bitch. How about a Yahoo
answer? Please. This Yahoo answer was sent in by Galiayali. Thank you, Gali. It's by Yahoo
answers user Lola, who asks, will standing up and eating help me get a fatter butt,
not a bigger, rounder, skinnier butt, a fat, juicy butt? I don't want to exorcise her because
that made my thighs and my butt skinny. I want a fat, delicious, juicy butt and also thighs.
Please stop saying that.
I want a fat, delicious, juicy butt and also thighs. Will standing up and eating help me do that?
Can you read, Griffin? Can I make a special request-
I want a fat, delicious, juicy butt.
Thank you. That was what I was going to request, actually. So if you want a fat,
delicious, juicy butt, there are three things you must do.
Okay. First, avoid those workout tapes by Fonda. That's number, that's super key.
Yeah. They'll give you a light bulb figure and you do not want that. You want an upside down light
bulb. Yeah. And you don't want that. And neither does my anaconda. Travis' anaconda is very
particular about fat. Just the juiciest butt for me.
Now you did not comment on the flavor of the butt. And I feel like that's an important modifier.
Like a sweet, juicy butt?
Oh, Christ. This is a very hoppy butt. This is a very bitter.
What year is this butt? What year is this butt? This is a fine butt vintage.
Let me tell you, I just started seeing someone. She is just marbled down there. It's wonderful.
This is a juicy butt with some hints of, what is that? Grape, tobacco.
You can't smell it though. I didn't mean so. I was sniffling.
You can't smell the butt. You find the butt and it tastes juicy.
You swish it around in your mouth and then you spit it out.
It's so important that you don't swallow the butt.
I, guys, no. I'm butt drunk. Help. You don't get butt drunk.
My favorite scene in Sideways with Leslie.
I could choose your own adventure on that. I'll leave that. You can email the way that bit
concludes to us. I'll give you a mailing address in a second.
Can you move food around your body like some sort of food wizard like this? I didn't know.
You mean by standing up, gravity takes care of it?
If you do a headstand while eating burritos, then you get really, really toned calves.
If you lie on your back and you drink a milkshake, you get a fat back.
That's the last thing you want. That's why it's so important not to eat lying down.
That's why hospital beds sit you up so it angles the food to your butt.
Exactly. You actually have to do that thing that they always do in the comedic hospital
scenes where the bed goes haywire and bends them up into a V. You gotta do that so it all settles.
All the blood in your body is just in your fat, delicious, juicy butt.
Well, I just worry that if you did it standing up, you're going to end up with fat, juicy,
delicious feet. That's the worst.
Unless you're some element on Craigslist.
Unless you're a member of a certain community.
Let's call them the feet guys.
My brother and my brother made Fangirl. Ah, feet guys. That's right.
Guys, I don't think much about my own butt.
When I think about me, and I think about if my butt could be considered by myself or any
outside party as being juicy, that's not a good... Any sort of dampness...
I would like a light, airy butt.
I would like a powdery butt. That's sort of my...
A delicious, cakey butt.
Something even cakey has intonations of moistness, which I cannot get behind.
So like an overcooked, well done butt.
Yeah, charred. Not like a bursting with fruit flavor. I want it...
With a delicious, juicy center.
Smoke to perfection is what you want your butt to be.
You want a teriyaki jerked butt.
Kim, I feel like this is actually an interesting place where the sexes divert in many cases,
but not all. I feel like most women, if asked to describe their butt,
could give you a few paragraphs on that, sort of their feelings on it.
I, most of the time, could not be less aware of the fact that I have a butt.
You know the only time I'm aware of my butt? Long car trips.
Yeah, when it starts complaining.
When I'm driving and my butt falls asleep.
Yeah.
If it's humid outside, things get a little juicy. I'm with you.
No, it's because I have zero fat juiciness on my butt,
and my butt bones dig directly into the car seats and tear them up.
Yeah.
So, so that's what Travis's butt is like.
What was your nickname when you were taught, Trev?
Bony butt boy.
It's not a very good nickname.
If you must know.
It's legit.
Oh man, that's a good show.
That Travis McElroy, he's got a sharp ass.
That's the sharp ass.
The most acute butt.
He sat...
Not acute butt, mind you.
Nope, nope, it's acute.
He sat on Santa's lap at the Huntington Mall exactly once,
and they would not let him back because that Santa lost his leg.
No, that happened.
It happened.
Hey guys, I have a coworker.
She leaves her stuff strewn about our offices.
She only picks up after herself after being asked to do so several times,
or she waits for someone else to do it for her.
She also takes my supplies and doesn't return or replenish them.
I don't want to make enemies in the office,
especially since I work on a relatively small staff.
How do I nicely ask her to be more considerate?
That's from Irritated in Illinois.
I think you post a note, a passive aggressive note.
Yeah.
Does that work?
Can you-
Hey Debra.
Yeah.
I noticed things have been getting a little out of hand lately,
which reminds me I'm missing a stapler.
Put it in my hand, please.
Please.
I'm pretty sure that's more active aggressive than you.
Hey babe.
Passage-
Hey, how's Debra?
Hey slut.
No.
No.
You can't just say something in that sing song voice.
Hey, where's my three hole punch?
Hey, gonna burn your house down.
Hey.
Hey, how's it going?
Gonna kill your dad.
Bring back with the hole punch,
or I'll put centipedes in your vagina.
Oh, why?
How would that self operation go down?
Without you noticing.
Without you noticing, I'm a wizard.
Christ.
Did you consider becoming a wizard or a witch?
You can hide in the eaves of her home,
flushing her toilet, watching her internet.
A passive aggressive note would be like,
boy, it sure would be nice if people would stop stealing office supplies.
Oh, I gave myself a chill when I said that.
We are not good at this.
We are not good at aggressive, passive aggressive.
Here's the one thing that we macarons can do.
We stew and we stew and we stew.
Then we get aggressive once, regular aggressive,
and then we get embarrassed and we quit.
That's our plan of attack.
So I guess start working on your resume.
I guess, yeah.
Start reaching out to some of your LinkedIn contacts.
Go get a stack of papers together and go to reach for the point
where your stapler used to be and like,
just stop with your hand in the air
and lower your hand and just sigh deeply
and do that like 50 times a day.
Just every once in a while just announce,
I miss my stapler.
Yeah.
That stapler was given to me by my nanny.
Maybe you could start stealing things from her.
And then you just have a drawer of all her stuff.
Steal her man.
Her identity.
No, that is one way you can have all your stuff back.
If you steal your identity,
you'll be both her and you simultaneously.
So you could just go and lift stuff off the desk.
It'll be like that, what was that movie with Matt Dame?
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
Good Will Hunting.
No.
No.
It was-
The Town of Mr. Ripley.
Being John Malkovich.
Yeah.
Something, something, man's name.
Right.
I don't know how to lose a man in 10 days.
I don't lose a man in 10 days.
I don't lose a man in 10 days.
Is that it?
How to become a man in 10 days is what it was.
How to become another man.
Is this a-
It's a fucking stapler.
To me, I have a monetary value of how much I have to be
inconvenienced before I'll start worrying about something
and like put myself through that mental distress.
And it's high, guys.
It's like, it's like 150 bucks.
Can I tell you guys something?
But you're also, you're now amongst the super rich though.
I'm incredibly, incredibly wealthy, but even before the
Max Fund Drive filled my coffers to a preposterous degree,
if someone would like clip my side view mirror and take off,
I would be like, I would get their license plate number and
I would promptly throw it away.
Cause I can, I can fix that.
That's not a big deal.
They were probably in a hurry anyway.
And let me tell you guys, I, I am the other side of this
question.
I'm the person with the messy desk that steals everyone's
stapler and tape dispenser and white out.
Oh, and I thrive on knowing that people aren't going to
bring it up.
Travis can't, Travis can't finish unless he knows he's
suppressing somebody or some menial issue.
Travis, you can loan Travis things like video games and he
will insist several weeks later that he purchased that video
game.
And I'm talking about like things, things become mine.
Yeah.
A full library of games that I fully accept.
I send his way and they will never return.
He doesn't, he doesn't borrow things as much as he can
scripts them.
And the funny thing is I'm super, super anal about getting
stuff back from people.
Well, yes, but that's just because you're terrible.
Yeah.
They have a word for that.
It's a hippo shit.
You know, sorry.
Neither a borrower nor a lender be.
Travis takes that and he kind of makes it his own.
He kind of puts his own spin on it.
Like it's okay.
It's cool to be a borrower, but fuck lending.
I'm out Travis McElroy.
Peace.
No, Travis is a good dude.
We like, we like.
Yeah.
Travis is great.
That chance you got so much.
I'm trying to get better at it.
Yeah.
I'm trying to get better.
Not actively sure, but you know, like mentally I'm trying
to become more okay with the fact that I do.
Yeah.
That is, that is our advice for everything.
Don't fix your problems, but do accept them.
So they're not problems anymore.
They're quirks.
If you could just like send me pictures of my seasons one
through three of Smallville every once in a while, just
so I can like catch up on how they're doing.
Just like a quick status update.
I just want to know.
I'm practicing to be like a totalitarian dictator, like
just slowly taking over annexing the areas around me.
But I started with DVDs and videos.
Sure.
I organized my West Wing seasons yesterday and it was an easy
job because it was one and six.
You see something like that, you think, oops, must be Travis.
Hey, my bim bam.
Happy 100 years of podcasting.
Hello, this is Ira Glass from the popular podcast, This
American Life.
And I'm here with Dan Savage from the popular podcast, Dan
Savage.
You can't come to the phone.
I just want to say you kids are doing a bang up job and to
keep up the good work, you know, 100, you know, that's really
impressive.
And I think you guys are going to are going to make it in this
business.
We got another check in email and it says, you answered my
question on how to get my boyfriend to move from Chicago
to Indianapolis.
I'm happy to say that after listening to the episode, he
mulled it over and he'll be moving here in about a month
from now.
I really think the part where Griffin threatened to kill him
made all the difference.
And that's from soon not to be isolated in Indianapolis.
I don't remember.
Is this the one where we talked about the pies and the
cheesecake and then Griffin said he's going to kill someone?
Yes.
That doesn't sound like something I do, though.
This is the baker.
I definitely, I definitely, definitely killed someone in
Chicago.
So hence why you live in Austin under a different name.
So what's your new name, Griffin?
I meant to ask you.
I've been wanting to send you a birthday card.
It's Tyson with the letter T.
Card it's Tyson with two S's.
But no last name.
I did some research.
It's the most off the grid name that I could possibly write.
I miss Griffin.
Tyson's here to play.
Where's the women?
Bring them out, please, for Tyson.
Tyson, just so I have this clear, is it T Y S S T I E.
It's spelled like if you're like if it's spelled like ties,
son, like you're telling your son about.
Is it hyphen?
It sounds hyphenated.
No, it's just you put a little emphasis.
There's like an umlaut on the second S. Tyson loves to party.
He loves the women.
That's all there is to it.
That's him in a nutshell.
You can't you can't change the direction of the wind and you can't stop Tyson from partying.
That's the one thing about him that I do like.
I don't like not I don't I don't like nothing about Tyson.
The thing about Tyson, though, is that his tastes run a little expensive.
Mm hmm. And as a result, we have to every once in a while take him to the money zone.
You said that like we're taking him to show business.
We are the one place you can't take Tyson.
Get in the car.
Tyson in the car.
Put on this paper crown, Tyson.
We're taking you to showbiz pizza.
But hey, I'm really excited about this week because we are talking about cast of thrones.
It's it's on iTunes.
Search it right now.
Cast of thrones.
It is the top ranked unofficial Game of Thrones podcast on iTunes.
It is spoiler free.
It is very, very funny.
It will help you make sense of Game of Thrones, which can get kind of confusing.
They they talk to cast members, which is which is very cool.
They've had some some high, high profile guests on there from the program, which I think is awesome.
And as somebody who recently kind of got back into Game of Thrones after stop watching the
series for a while and trying to hop back on, I found cast of thrones pretty invaluable.
Now, what if I've never read or seen Game of Thrones and this might be the first time
I've ever heard of it?
Travis is this a podcast?
Travis doesn't know a Lannister from a start from a Harry Potter.
Right.
That's true.
But I would suggest that you download it right now,
because it makes our marketing look more effective.
And then you listen to it later when you watch the show.
Also, why are you not watching the show?
Read these books.
It's made for you, Travis.
It's made for you.
What do you love, Travis?
Do you love it?
Do you love incest?
Do you love dragons?
I should not have started with incest.
You like swordsmanship.
Do you like it when brothers and sisters bang down?
Don't ask about that on the air.
We can talk about that after the show.
What about when secret kings play dong slaps with each other?
This is fucking classic Tyson.
He has to make everybody so uncomfortable.
There are also things that are in the show,
so if you're not ready for the reality of secret kings-
Can they talk about incest on cast of thrones?
What else would they talk about?
They can't talk around the incest.
It's either that or they talk about the lighting on the show.
Those are the two things.
Sean Bean turned in a particularly thrilling performance,
and also two kings just totally went to town on each other.
Cast of thrones is on iTunes.
You can search for it.
You can go get it.
And Griffin wrote this song about it.
I'm going to try and do the actual theme song to the show.
Really?
Thrones cast, game of thrones cast.
It's got incest.
King sex, secret king sex.
Dinklage town.
Prostitutes, it's got prostitutes.
40 prostitutes or so.
There's fisting, there's sometimes fisting, cast of thrones.
That was mostly just things that are on the show game of thrones.
Peter Dinklage lives in Dinklage Town in the show.
I'm sorry, did you say fisting?
Did you say fisting?
There's a very long and uncomfortable fisting scene.
I don't want to give you-
With Peter Dinklage?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's terrible.
It looks like a deleted scene from the Muppets movie, Nightmare.
Oh no!
Cast of thrones on iTunes.
I just graduated from college in the middle of the school year.
I have a job lined up, but it does not start until July.
Any tips on how I can spend this incredible amount of free time?
I already read, write, and play video games, but I'm looking for some new jams.
Justin's been talking about geocaching.
What's the good word on that?
Anyway, thanks for the help.
That's from Bored Nightly in NYC.
I feel like I can't stop talking about geocaching, but-
Geocaching is the shit.
Tell me-
I got you guys on-
Griffin's not on the tip yet.
I'm sure there's lots of people doing it in Austin.
Like if it's a weird thing that you can spend time on and not get paid for, like Austin's got it.
Yeah.
Within like 20 miles of me in Cincinnati, there's like 300 geocaches.
So I bet there's like just millions in Austin.
Did you find some choice caches, by the way, Travis?
Did you find some good stuff?
I found so many choice caches.
I've explored so many parks and had more outdoor time in the last week than I've had in the last
three years.
I know, because you go to all these places that you would never expect to go to, or things that
are in your neck of the woods, but you would have no reason to climb or explore.
Geocaching's great.
I would expect it-
There's two different things.
There's one where it's like, I'm going to go explore this park and go for a hike.
There's two where it's like, oh, this is a parking lot I parked in a thousand times,
and there was something hidden under my nose that I didn't know about.
Those are super cool.
I love those.
There was something hidden in a guardrail, and you've driven past it 10 times, and there's
been something there for 10 years.
But you can totally do that in New York, I'm sure.
There's some nice geocaching there.
I made a poop the other day, and a geocache fell out.
I was wondering-
They're everywhere!
I was wondering where you would be- when you would discover that one that I hid.
But I'm glad-
Did you sign the log and put it back?
So yeah, geocaching is something you can do to sort of do some free time.
You read, write, and play video games.
That's pretty much my whole day, so I can't take you too much deeper than that.
Maybe try to watch all the movies on AFI's best films list.
You could do that.
I suggest going to your favorite grocery store and buying some sort of food item and go home,
get on allrecipes.com, search that food item, look up a recipe, I guess go back to the store,
buy the other things that you need to make the recipe, and then before you know it, you're
learning how to cook.
That's how I did it.
And then blog all about that.
Blog about it, because God, I want to hear about it.
Oh, you made crepes!
Great!
Great.
Great Crepes.
That's your website's name, greatcrepes.org.
Greatcrepes.tumblr.com.
Love it.
In our culture, I think when you have a lot of free time, you're supposed to
spend a year doing something that you wouldn't normally do, and then write a book about it.
That seems to be the-
Eat prey crepes.
Eat prey crepes.
Buy a sushi kit and start making your own sushi.
You're wasting everyone's time not doing that.
Yeah, learn to cook something you don't know.
Yesterday, I made steak au poivre for the first time.
It's delicious.
It's steak in a brandy cream sauce.
Yeah, sure.
That sounds delicious.
It's really good and easy, but I wouldn't have known how to do it if I hadn't just gone
out there and just done it.
And you could also set a goal like, over the next five months, I'm just going to master
breakfast.
Yeah.
Over the next five months, I'm just going to masturbate.
Every day, all day.
You could also get obnoxiously into politics.
Oh, don't do that.
Oh, yeah.
Don't do that.
Just super get over your head in politics.
What do we always tell people who listen to this show?
Don't bother getting involved in politics because it's not going to change anything.
Yeah.
That's the number one thing.
There's no benefit from being political.
No one person has ever changed anything.
Only 100,000 people working in unison, and nobody can do that anymore, so don't even
bother.
The only time it's happened in the past decade is Coney 2012, and the stress of it was so
much that it made all the guys' clothes disappear.
It made them run around checking off.
That's how powerful that is.
You don't want that hate.
Just live your life.
Try to stay under the radar.
That's my whole thing now.
I'm 31 years old.
Let's just get through this one, and by this one, I mean your entire life.
That's the best advice that we can give you.
Try not to leave a paper trail.
Yeah.
Just keep it discreet.
Just make it to the end of your life without dying, and you'll have succeeded.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Get to the end of your life and just let it be like a puff of air that no one notices
when you die.
Just like, what'd that guy do?
We're on nothing.
At least you don't want to annoy everybody.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Don't get in anybody's way.
You gotta take up a craft.
I think that's the best thing that you can do with your time when you're free time.
If you don't want to feel like you've wasted your time, the only thing you can do is improve
something.
It's like the Sims.
You play a guitar long enough, and then you can paint a beautiful painting, because it's
both creativity.
Right.
That's video game logic for you.
You know, our personal friend Brian Barth, when he found he had some free time on his
hands, you know what he took up?
Metallurgy.
Learned how to forge shit.
You laugh the first time, because who knows what they're doing with that.
But now that he can do it full time, he can forge his own weapons.
That's amazing.
That's a great way to spend your free time.
Yeah, it's super practical.
On a different note, cross-stitching.
You could cross-stitch.
It's kind of like metallurgy.
Did you say cross-tallurgy?
Cross-tallurgy.
Make metal crosses.
Throw them at vampires.
Don't cross-stitch.
You could become a vampire, honey.
Wait, hold on.
Vampire honey.
Did you?
Aw, girl.
Damn, those fangs are looking nice, girl.
Come here.
Let me see that.
You have some juicy fangs.
God, those fangs are juicy.
No, you got to take up a trade that's going to be impressive to people, like magic.
Like card tricks.
Not the gathering.
Magic cards?
Magic cards, the gathering.
Fucking do that, man.
I had a bunch of free time, so I got good at magic.
We got back from PAX last weekend.
Those guys playing magic cards were getting more trim than Matthew McConaughey in 1996.
1996 McConaughey.
Like the peak of his parabola.
Exactly.
Hi, guys.
It's just me, your dad.
And well, I just wanted to share this special memory on this special podcast.
I remember bouncing you kids on my knee, and now my knees are shot.
So thanks a whole hell of a lot.
Hello, brothers.
This is Kathy from St. Louis, Missouri, calling to congratulate you on your 100th episode.
Because of your weeding questions into wisdom, I now know how I feel about man-sized jars,
how to place an order for stacum and tubes, how to take a big bite of the recovery sandwich,
when to pack up and move away, and just how gross tropical killers are.
I can't wait to hear the new and delightful nuggets of wisdom
that you will provide in your next 100 episodes.
Congrats.
Uh, Trav, any other check-ins?
Did we help anyone else?
We got one that made me super happy.
Hey, guys.
Back on episode 67, I asked if there was any way to keep my mustache without people thinking
I'm a creepster.
I took your advice and went full Sam Elliott.
Within a few weeks, I was elected to my college's homecoming court.
Thanks, brothers.
Fuck, yeah.
Don't thank us.
Thank irony.
Thanks, irony.
You're the best.
And he attached a picture, too.
It is a lovely mustache.
How is it?
What's the bushiness rating?
I would say impenetrable.
Trav, can you remember to put it in the forums?
People can enjoy that.
I will.
I will attach that picture.
I will make this guy famous.
Okay, good.
He deserves it with that mustache.
Did he have any crumbs in there?
Did he have like a-
No, it was well grouped.
Did he have like a full Cheez-It?
He actually had a bird that traveled with him to help keep his mustache clean.
That's the best thing I've ever heard.
I want that now.
Like one of those rhino birds.
Sure.
Guys, we knew what you were saying.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Lisa Holifield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It's by Yahoo Answers user China Doll who asks,
I need a hip hop group name.
Help me out.
I need a group name, but it needs to end with girls with a Z.
It's the three of us.
We need something cute that the teens and young girls can catch on to.
Nothing stupid, please.
Oh my God.
Fat cheesy butt girls.
Oh, that's-
The phrasing of the part where she says,
we need something the girls can catch on to makes me feel like
this is a few teachers that are going to lip sync a terrible song at the school talent show.
Or they're going to do a terrible song,
but like change the words to help promote teen abstinence.
That's what this feels like.
They're going to wear those sunglasses with the neon sides.
You know, that classic style.
Maybe some jams.
Guys, I've been sitting here trying to think of a parody of a modern song
in which to work abstinence themes into.
And the problem I'm having is that I can't think of a modern song.
Oops.
I think the only song that popped in my head is Marry the Night.
And I think they're selling about like waiting until marriage.
And I don't know what it is.
I can't remember if it was super bass.
I think that's the only song that's been released in the past five years that I've heard.
It's a good one too.
That boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
Don't have sex.
I don't have sex and I know it.
That's one, right?
Yeah.
I don't have sex.
But maybe sort of look at the stars.
I am not having sex.
Sure.
If you're listening to Coldplay, it's assumed that you're not having sex.
Yellow.
The Coldplay girls would be a good name.
Sure.
That would be a good name.
Because you've already got like the name recognition.
Sure.
That's-
And copyright and-
No, no, no.
That's how- No, that's how naming the fans works.
Foo Fighters were originally called Beatles 2.
They're called Beatles Foo.
They're like, this is too long.
This sucks.
Everything about this is bad.
This bit sucks.
Okay.
What about Chunky Girls?
Now hear me out.
Because they know how to move.
Here's what I'm going to do for the rest of this bit as we come up with names.
Okay.
I'm going to double check and see if they're actual names.
Yeah, get on MySpace.
First up, Chunky Girls.
With a Z.
Oh, with a Z.
It has to do with a Z.
Yeah, it's imperative.
First up, Chunky Girls with a Z.
Okay, there is a chunkygirls.com.
Oh, don't click that.
Do not click that hyperlink.
Don't click it.
It's too late.
And chunkygirls.com is also on MySpace, but it does not appear to be a band.
So Chunky Girls available.
So you could be Chunky Girls the band.
Yes, they could be Chunky Girls the band.
Can I read off the best answer as chosen by Asker?
Yes.
It's by Yahoo!
Insta user guda who says, it's kind of long.
I've played in bands, sang in bands, and written music for years.
Currently, I manage a group of local bands and singers, including Chainsaw Heart,
all girl metal, Silver Age Heroes, alt rock, Georgia Boy, with an I, rapper,
Terrified, all girl alternative, Red Sun alternative, Denied Metal, and My Pride of Joy,
a band of three young men by the name of Stolen Ink.
Check them on Facebook.
You won't be disappointed.
All these bands I named, and they have good solid names that are fun to say and easy to
remember, so please take to heart what I say next.
Misspelling a word and a group name never seems to work out well.
But if your heart is set on it, here's a few names tossed your way.
Girls, girls, sorry.
Girls spelled normally.
Girls spelled with a U.
Girls spelled with a Z.
So girls, girls, girls.
Yes.
Name of your hometown.
Girls.
Monster beat girls.
Nope, nope, nope.
Beat girls.
No combination of beat girls.
Yeah.
Should ever be in anything.
TXT girls.
Text girls.
Power Supply girls and Rolling Rhythm girls.
I think Power Supply girls is my favorite.
Renewable Energy girls.
Oh, that's great.
Green girls.
Wind Farm girls.
Corn-based ethanol girls.
So, guys, it's time for our check-in of the Stolen Ink MySpace page.
There are, of course, the trio of musicians from Bellevue, Illinois.
Here are the literal names of the members of this band.
We got Lucas Holland on bass.
Okay.
Okay.
Stone Seerlock on guitar and vocals.
And then my favorite, Kale Hug on drums.
Top comment on the MySpace page comes in from Adam.
He says, OMG, you guys rock.
If I were a chick, I'd do all of you.
JK, no, but really, I would.
And that was posted.
And that was posted when?
That came to us one year ago today.
I don't know if they consummated that.
It was a day just like today.
I believe that means they have gone viral.
Then they changed their name to One Direction, and now they're huge.
Now we know them.
Adam, I have clicked a button to bring Stolen Ink to Honey Twice Virginia on the MySpace page.
I don't know if that will work, but I have a-
Give me that ink.
I'm a fan.
Send it my way.
You know that you've, you know, you know you've got the Google heat
when the third result for searching for your brand brings up the headline
office depot manager got rich selling stolen ink cartons.
You know, you know you're making a dent in the scene.
Um, there is no band that you can put girls in that won't be miserable.
Miserable girls.
That's probably the most accurate you're going to get, but
I don't think it has the penetration required to go viral.
Penetration girls.
You gotta stop saying the things I say and then girls after it.
Girls after it girls.
Stop it.
Stop it girls.
I'll hang you.
I will hang the life out of you.
Don't fucking, don't you fucking-
News girls.
Here's some, uh, here's some bands that have girls in the name.
Okay.
Uh, brought to you by our friends at allmusic.com.
They're Spice Girls.
Sure.
Okay, uh, new girls in you.
So that's taken.
Oh yeah, I've heard of them.
Uh, 69 girls.
That's a large band.
It's like the polyphonic spree, but it's all, it's all ladies.
Yeah, yeah.
Girlsmen.
No, they're bad.
Is this going, is there like 50 names down the list?
There's something hilarious.
You're hoping for a joke, right?
Where's the pay?
I'm just waiting for the payoff.
It's cool.
We've done this a hundred times.
I know you know what you're doing.
Um, can you just edit it?
Can you put a payoff in post?
Can you, how about, can I come up with a gag later and I'll just fax it to you?
Or I can just, I'll just type it into Microsoft Sam and I'll just put that in later.
Thanks.
So here's another check-in email.
Um, I am potential runaway bride from episode 31 who you gave some very serious relationship
advice to regarding a boyfriend who wanted to propose when I was terrified of the idea.
In short, you told me to consider why I was so scared and leave him if it wasn't working.
I did.
And then I left and I can honestly say it was one of the best things I've ever done.
With him out of my life, I graduated college early, moved to a new city,
and am in a wonderful relationship with a new guy.
Thank you for giving me a dose of reality, brothers.
Packed my bags and moved away from Charlotte, North Carolina.
This is, listen, I, this is fantastic.
This, this really does.
It warms my heart and I feel so happy for you, but I genuinely hope that the guy that
you were dating originally wasn't like General Zaroff.
It was going to very slowly hunt me, Justin, and Travis all down for making you break up
with him.
Also, I just want you to know like what a huge risk you took.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh man.
Acting on our advice.
I'm so glad it worked out well.
We sound serious when we're saying these things.
It still doesn't mean we mean them.
You can't, you can't actually do the stuff.
I can't have that hanging over my head.
I'm, I'm just terrified of like, it's great that this worked out for you, but I'm terrified
of like the six people that weren't able to write in because they're homeless now and
can't afford the computer to tell us the terrible things that we did to their life.
You have to remember, we've answered an average of six questions over a hundred episodes.
That's six hundred.
Forty people or so wrote in.
So to me, that means five hundred and sixty people are just dead.
Just dead as fuck.
Dead because of our words.
Yeah, we killed them with our show.
So for that, we're sorry.
What if we get a question in next week that's like, hey brothers, I was going to propose
this girl, but she done, she done dipped on me.
So now I'm pretty much sad all the time.
What do I do?
Now I just sit around listening to miserable girls.
What do I do to stave off the loneliness?
Love, David.
Love, I'm right behind you with a knife.
Yeah, I'm going to kill you.
I'm moving to Cincinnati this weekend for my first grownup job and my first time living
alone.
I am in desperate need of tips for making the move go slowly.
I've got plenty of family helping.
Smoothly.
I want the move to be as slow as possible.
Can I ride on a giant tortoise?
What's the slowest car that there is to buy?
I got plenty of family helping, but I'd like the experience to suck as little as possible.
I'm appalled with the number of books and video games I've accumulated over the years.
Thanks, Brothers Gmail.
All right, I'm going to tell you something straight up and it may be too late for this.
I have never ever gotten rid of a physical possession and then regretted it ever in my
entire life.
I completely agree.
I have never gotten rid of a DVD or a game or whatever and wished later that I had that
thing again.
You know what?
I'll take that one step further because I'm a huge pack rat or I was a huge pack rat.
And over the course of like four years from like age 24 to like now, I've moved like eight
times and in moving into this apartment that I'm currently in, I finally went through and
unpacked all the boxes that I hadn't touched in like five moves and they were full of just
literal garbage, like pieces of paper, scraps of things that I just thrown into a box rather
than like sorting through my shit.
And I probably would have moved eight last boxes move if I just actually gone through
and sorted through my stuff.
In your defense, you are half borrower, though.
Yeah, that is true.
That's disgusting.
It's disgusting and half magpie.
Disgusting.
Here's what you do.
You throw away probably well, don't throw it away.
Go to Goodwill, drop off like half your clothes because I guarantee you don't wear half of
your clothes.
Just get rid of them.
They take up space.
They're heavy.
They're gross.
They're moldy.
Get rid of those.
Get rid of old shitty furniture.
It's time for you to upgrade, get some nicer stuff.
I wouldn't get rid of any video games because I can't.
I got rid of all of my Super Nintendo and PlayStation games once so I could buy a computer
and I regret it every day of my life that I don't have my original copy of Chrono Trigger
on the Super Nintendo.
That's got sentimental value.
I'd hold on to those because you're going to want to come back to your-
Yeah, I mean, yeah, that's like a box to put your video game.
That's not like a big deal.
And here's another thing.
If you're willing to invest a little bit of money, go and buy uniform boxes, especially
if you're like packing a truck.
Having uniform boxes make it so much faster.
Especially if you have a lot of uniforms.
Those are going to come in super handy.
I mean, like same size, same shape, same construction.
You're absolutely right.
Seal the bottom.
Tape up the bottom of the box.
Tape up the bottom.
Don't do that thing where you fold over the four corners.
It always, you're going to drop your books on your foot and you're going to be mad.
Also, if you got a bunch of family and friends helping you, you have to remember that like
your efforts in the move are important, but you got to keep an eye on people that they
don't start trying to do stuff.
Like, you know, all you want them for is manual labor.
If you see people trying to get shifty and start unpacking things.
I just put your pots and pans under the sink.
Oh, great.
Where it's super dirty.
That's great.
That's where I wanted those.
That's where I hate them.
I hate them there.
Thank you.
Great job.
Keep it up.
Also, I highly recommend doing furniture first and like when you move it into your new apartment,
furniture first, then carry all the boxes and everything because the furniture is the
big heavy upfront, you know, push.
And then you can take one box at a time and it's less of a stress.
But if you wear yourself up on boxes and then you get to the furniture, you're going to
be so sad that you and listen, don't let people leave.
They're going to try to sneak out.
You can't let that happen.
You've got to keep an eye on people.
They're going to run.
They're going to try to bolt because everybody hates moving and they hate helping you.
Oh, guys, I'm moving.
I'm moving in like a month or two and I'm just reading this question and us talking
about it, I'm having like a panic attack.
The thing is, moving is once you're all moved in and you've set up your new apartment,
it's like the greatest thing.
But the lead up to it, like cleaning out your three years of terribleness in your apartment,
it's like the worst.
And you can try to clean your stuff, like you can try to remove the signs of your life.
If it tastes like, why does it take so many passes to like remove the evidence of your
existence?
It takes forever.
And the worst part is like, you look around at your stuff, right?
Right now, everybody stop, take a look around where they are.
You think, I don't have that much stuff.
A couple of books on the bookshelf, you know, some stuff.
You have so much shit.
Like you don't even know it.
It's under bookcases and inside drawers.
You have so much stuff.
Terrible.
Comedian and hospitality expert Amy Sedaris, she had a pretty good way of doing this.
She would invite people over for garage sales and basically she would just lay out a bunch
of stuff that she owned on tables in her house and you would give her a quarter for anything.
And you would just go through her house buying her stuff.
She would just sell it to you because you would came over for garage sale party.
Can I just use this podcast as like my own personal Austin Craigslist?
Like guys, I've got like two laptops I just don't use.
I need to hawk them.
I've got a bed that I'm probably going to need to get rid of.
Just like hit me up.
I'll give you very reasonable prices and you can sleep in the bed of a star.
A rich man.
This is a celebrity bed.
You can roll around in my skin flakes and you'll love it.
Love every second of it.
Dirty boy.
Now you're never going to sell a bed.
So dirty.
Such a dirty bad bed.
It's got my cheek.
It's got, oh God, go on.
Good job.
I'm talking guys.
100.
Holy shit guys.
I have been listening since episode one and you're about to hit your hundredth episode
and that's fucking awesome.
And I've listened to every single one.
You've answered one of my questions.
You give me shout outs on the show.
I drank fucking a strawberry tropic chillers because of you guys and it was the worst thing
that I've ever done, but I'm, I'm glad that I did it.
I've grown as a person and I couldn't have done that without my brother, my brother and
me, uh, congratulations on your hundredth episode from, uh, Ian Johnson in Kansas city,
Missouri.
Guys, I got a Yahoo answer from Steve Lewis.
Thank you, Steve.
I should be clear.
I should be clear, Steve didn't ask it because I don't think this is Steve style, but he
sent it in.
Thank you, Steve Lewis.
It's by Yahoo answers user question mark who asks my boyfriend has a teeth fetish.
My boyfriend has a teeth fetish.
Maybe it's a cavity fetish.
He always wants, he always wants to look inside my mouth at feelings I've had done or any
dental work.
He likes to feel my teeth with his tongue while we're kissing.
And he's even, he's even asked if he could see copies of my dental x-rays.
I care about him.
And this is the only persistent problem between us.
So I'd really like to find a way to work around this, but it makes me uncomfortable.
He is constantly asking me questions about my dental history and wanting to look inside
my mouth.
And he has made it clear that it's a sexual thing and he's turned on by it.
I'm not really sure how to handle this because I've never really dealt with anything like
this before.
Any help?
I'd like educated responses only please.
I understand this is a strange question.
I'm aware it's highly ordinary.
No need for anyone to use the response system to blast their personal feelings preferences
on this topic.
It's weird.
I get it.
Dear Yahoo.
I have like the greatest boyfriend.
There's this one little thing.
One ish.
I've got one ish with him.
I now know that time travel will not be invented in my lifetime because there's no way future
Justin would not have come and snatched the headphones from me just then and said, no,
don't do this.
Don't do this.
You can't live with-
Don't go down this rabbit hole.
Can't carry this burden with you of knowing this is a thing.
Can we- the one thing that is bad about the internet except for all the other things is
the one major thing is I don't need to just do this in your own home.
I don't need to know about it.
Why would you foist this onto the public consciousness?
Listen, did you not assume any hole that is on or can be made with the human body is-
People have a fetish over that, right?
I just didn't assume that it would get so tiny as cavities, you know what I mean?
I'm just glad that this- because I was sure there was going to be some ambiguity to this,
but thank God that the boyfriend cleared up that it is a sexual thing.
Hey, just real quick, just so there's no confusion, don't let me be misunderstood.
Got to see those cavities.
This is not at all- I don't care about your dental hygiene.
I'm not like studying to be a dentist or anything.
I am boned out for your canines.
I'm boned out for your canines.
Please get them out.
This is really hot to me.
So here's my question to you guys.
When in this guy's younger years, did he have the best dentist ever or the worst dentist ever?
So he had one of those that has turned him into this.
So I just need to clear up which one he had.
You mean like he gave him the gas and was like very comforting to him and like gave
him a free toothbrush with every visit or-
Yeah, or he would just blasting Slayer from all the speakers and ripping his teeth out
without Novocaine.
One of them is triggering this.
I'm just- I'm trying to decide what the question asker wants to accomplish.
Like is this person asking how do I become okay with the fact that my boyfriend is a teeth guy?
She's trying to do a pro and con scale, right?
And she knows all the pros and she's figured out the value of them.
She needs to know the metric weight of how terrible it is that he wants to fuck her teeth out.
Oh, very.
Very hot.
I would say 2,000 pounds is how heavy this is.
A metric, it's a solid ton of bad.
Guys, all she's doing is she wants to share her burden.
That's it.
That's all this is about.
Hey, take a load off, question mark.
Take a load off, yahoo.
Take a load freak and tell me about your boyfriend's thing with teeth.
Pulled into internet.
Gotta tell people about my freaky boyfriend.
He likes to jerk off to people's smiles.
His favorite member of the Muppets was Dr. Teeth.
He's got 20 pairs of dentures in the closet.
He calls it his secret shrine.
You're turning into Randy Newman again.
And everybody knows.
Gives me a cavity search and it means exactly what it sounds like.
Take a load off, yahoo.
Tell me about the thing with teeth.
Oh, fuck.
Can we not?
Can we please not?
What's next?
Can we just not?
Is this, this is the end game, right?
What small, I guess, pores?
Every time I hear one of these things, I expect there to be, like,
curtains on the computer that close.
It's like, the end.
The end.
The internet theme.
Hey, thanks for sticking with us this far, Justin.
You've reached the end of the internet.
We've had a good run.
Here's a printout certificate.
Turns out we were all ghosts the whole time.
Thanks for hanging in there for a decade.
Uh, thanks for sticking with us through the prodigy years.
We know things were a little rough in the beginning.
This whole thing has been a Truman Show-esque television extravaganza.
People watching you explore the horrifying depths of the internet.
Most of it was user generated content by people who are delighting in your torment.
You've won eight Emmys.
You're the most famous person in the world.
Uh, it's all for you, Justin.
Because that's what people, that's what people on the internet need to think that they are,
in fact, even more important than they already assume that they are.
Oh man, teeth, guys.
You know the horrifying thing is that this girl-
Yeah, I know the horrifying thing, Travis.
No, but there's like, there's like a whole group of people that are like,
yeah, that's completely normal.
Yeah.
Teeth. Sexy. Sexy teeth.
That's actually the first answer.
So it's weird, so what?
We all have our own little ways of getting turned on.
Yes, perhaps your boyfriend's is a little further out from the mainstream than most,
but if you love him, should not matter.
Like, I don't, and this is where, this is where I, I agree.
Doesn't matter.
I'm, we are all three of us super in, I think we proved last week,
we're both into and knowledgeable about the kink scene.
We're down, we're down with all that.
Whatever you want to do, just don't tell anybody about it.
Right, like, I'm in the sexual waffle irons,
but like, I would never ever say that out loud in front of another person,
let alone an enraptured radio audience.
Yeah, and like, I can't stop walruses.
I can't stop walruses. Yeah, Travis is like, stuck on walrusing.
And I like sex.
But you know, I keep that to myself.
I like, I like, um, I like sex all, sex, weird sex.
That's gross, Justin.
That's horrible.
You pervert.
I was just talking about putting your penis in a waffle iron,
or some, maybe a sandwich maker, make a paninas.
Wait, I'm sorry, did you say paninas?
And the Oscar for podcasting goes to Griffin McElroy for paninas.
The worst word that now exists.
And the worst image, in case anyone is wondering.
The 100% worst thing that is, and you're crushed, toasted dick.
I actually went, I went to the, uh, I went to Panera Bread the other day,
and they had a paninas on special.
Oh no.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, between your paninas and, uh, your delicious, juicy butt.
I have a lot to offer.
This is the worst day ever.
You got a lot going for you.
This is what happens when we record a two-hour podcast.
Usually when we record a one-hour podcast, we get to like, minute 53,
and we have to pull the ripcord, because something awful has happened.
We've learned something awful about ourselves in the internet.
This time we have, we have no such luxury.
Yeah.
We're just getting as deep as it.
We're just figuring this out.
How deep this goes.
Uh, we're, we're making callbacks in this episode of things that happened so long ago.
We don't, we no longer remember them.
You know, I, it's a little off topic, uh, of the podcast, but I find that,
I think that this might be a time to answer some behind the scenes questions
that we've been asked over the years of just stuff like, uh, how much editing.
So much.
None.
You guys would not believe.
Well, Justin and I don't do it.
Yeah.
They, approximately zero minutes from both of them.
Well, Justin does it every once in a while.
Griffin, what kind of editing do you do in the show?
The kind where when we say things that aren't funny, I just, I can delete that.
And how much, how many deleted scenes did you say that is?
Half of it.
Half of them.
Half of them.
50%.
One out of every two.
How many, how many, what percentage of that is funny,
but you would never want anyone to know that we said the things.
So you have to delete them.
What percentage is that?
So the, so the, the, the bigoted material.
Yes.
The more, let's say the more bigoted material.
Um, all, all, 100%.
Pretty much all.
It's all funny.
It's just some of it is like the kind of funny that Don Rickles can get away with
because he'll be dead soon.
That's kind of funny.
Once we're 70, we'll release the, the master tapes and people will-
By which we do mean, in fact, the master tapes.
They are, they're master tapes for the master race is the name of that, uh, collection.
No, it's not called that.
It is.
We'll, it will be called that.
But there'll be quotes around it.
And then we'll be at the bottom like, get it?
We're old now.
We're old.
This is cool.
Travis, do we have any more?
Do we have any more behind the scenes questions?
Was that, was that literally the only thing people don't understand about?
Um, we also get asked stuff like how we pick where we do the live shows.
Fucking no.
Where does one of us live?
Yeah.
The most convenient place.
If we could do one in our living room, that's what we would do.
We have plans to do other ones now.
Yeah.
The places we'd like-
Now that we're super rich.
Now that we're super rich, the places we'd like to do live shows.
Well, I think New York is an obvious one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We, we would love to do one there.
We would, we're doing one in LA for, but that'll be like part of the max fun con.
So we'd love to do one in Seattle.
Yeah, that'd be a lot of fun.
And Boston.
Boston.
I'd love to do one in Philadelphia.
In conjunction with PAX East sometime.
You know, I've been thinking about it.
If you, if you work for a venue or if you are part of an organization that brings people in
and you would like for us to come and do a show, let us know, you know, invite us.
We'll see what we can do.
DC, we'd like to do one there.
But anyway, that's it.
I mean, those are the places that we'd like to do them.
It's just, logistics can be a challenge.
Maybe a European tour.
I think, I think the, the Europeans been waiting long enough.
The, we would love to do that.
If you guys can figure out how we, we can make that, like we can pay for it.
If you, if our European friends would be willing to do a Kickstarter with us.
Don't say don't, but don't just start one.
Don't just start one because we need the money, not you.
But if you guys want us to do a Kickstarter where the end game is that we go to Europe
and I don't know, maybe you donate enough money.
You can like, well, I'll have like a VIP champagne room or something.
Oh, I, where we jerk them off?
No, no, jerk them off with, with comedy, with our mouths.
We jerk them off with our mouths.
We'll giggle bait them.
Oh Justin, no.
That's called another thing.
No, I, I mean.
That's what it's called when you mouth off to somebody.
That's actually what it is.
I just really want to go to Europe.
If I got to blow a guy, whatever.
It worked for, it worked for Maggie Gyllenhaal and Cherry, baby.
She got the thing like most of her life that way.
I just want to do it once.
Like, I don't think that's asking so much.
It's asking quite a bit.
It is asking quite a bit.
So here's another question we get asked a lot that I want to go ahead and knock out now.
So we don't go through another hundred episodes of getting this question once a week.
People always ask, they're thinking about starting a podcast.
Do we have any advice?
Do we have how to make it funny, how to do it, anything along those lines?
What if your podcast gets more popular than ours?
Where does that leave us?
That's why we don't ever answer it.
Honest to God.
Yeah.
Because there should only be one podcast in this world.
That's not ours.
That's not it.
Hey, stop podcast yourself.
Do that.
You're out of the game.
Jordan and Jesse go, Jordan and Jesse stop, get out, out of the pool.
Throwing shade, throw some dirt on your grave because you're done podcasting.
You're out.
Former Judge John Haught, disgraced Judge John Haught.
The verdict is in and you have to stop with your show because we're the only ones left.
What else we got?
WTF, where to find podcasts?
It's nowhere because you're stopped.
How did this get stopped?
How did this get stopped?
That's pretty good.
I guess the advice would be have two really funny brothers to carry your dead weight for you.
That's been my plan for two years.
It's been working out great so far.
Wait, that's what I've been doing.
Shit.
I got you guys.
I got this.
I would say the best advice that I have for anyone is don't just start doing a podcast
because you feel like it, like wait until you find a good topic and a good cast of people.
That's what we did.
Yeah, but like we didn't say like, let's do a podcast and start one the next day.
Like we brainstormed and worked on it.
That's exactly what we did.
We workshopped it for like 35 minutes.
Yeah, and all that was coming up with the name.
Yeah.
What was our, do we-
Oh God, I have a text document somewhere with some of the failed names.
Can we do that?
Can you read that?
Do you have that somewhere saved?
Travis can read a check in while you look for it.
In fact, Travis, do it.
Got it.
Last summer, I asked for tips and tricks for safely navigating one's first music festival.
In reply, you guys warned me against getting hit by mysterious buses as well as avoiding
the dangers of prostatitis.
I'm happy to report that my trip to Bonnaroo was a rousing success.
I maintained a healthy fear of parked buses and RVs while simultaneously keeping my butthole
game correct.
This year, I will be returning to Bonnaroo and this time I will be breaking the rules
and this time I will be bringing friends.
Congrats on the 100th episode, Battleworn at Bonnaroo.
Now Travis, you giggled.
I like the phrase butthole game.
It's so vital though.
That's no joke.
Yeah.
You want to come home, you'd be like, yeah, I saw Wilco, it was great, got a butt disease.
Travis, another one from this, vegetarians.
Oh, okay.
Here's another one, I asked you what I should do to feed my vegetarian friends in episode
46.
Somehow I managed to feed them and remain friends with them.
I even managed to pick up more of those delusional friends and am currently dating one.
So I guess everything worked out well.
Thanks and congratulations on the 100th episode.
So congratulations on your vegetarian girlfriend.
You guys, I found the document.
Okay.
Here's some a few names that we came up with that were really bad.
Bad, brother in my ear.
We got into robots for a while.
Travis said fat robot.
Not quite human.
Justin said the not quite human fan cast.
This is all legit by the way.
This is not a bit.
Brother attack, wind brothers attack, heat of the bromant.
Heat of the bromant was such a good, wait, wait, what was it?
Heat of the bromant.
That was mine.
Blossom.
Blossom, it's just blossom?
That's just blossom.
Family circus.
Oh man, some of these are so fucking bad.
Keep going.
I have to know.
Oh, this is great.
Macklejoy.
I was the first one to suggest my brother, my brother and me.
I forgot that piece of errata.
And then right after that, I suggested Keenan and Kel and Justin and Travis and Griffin.
Let's see.
I remember we had a honorary brother was, was one that we kicked around, brother bought
5,000, I think was one brother bought 5,000.
I do remember bro.
Cirque du bro, Cirque du Brolet.
I remember a bro, your own way was one that was very close to becoming it.
The Baldwin's podcasting podcasting, the Baldwin brothers podcast with your host,
the Mackleroy brothers, brother, I think maybe, and you know, how people who really love Mr.
Belvedere, Colin Brock tune, I think that we should maybe, maybe people who are super
fans of the show should pick one of these as a nickname they can, they can use for.
Oh, I like that.
That only they use that only they use, but while still, let's go with Blossom.
Just please make it blossom, but don't check out the latest episode of Blossom.
Well, we're actually trying to, we're still trying to build our brand heat.
So please don't do that.
Let's include the hashtag, the NBA hashtag we do because like, we're just really trying
to get, build this brand right now.
How about a Yahoo answer?
Yeah, sure.
Are we still doing this fucking bot?
Are we doing like two shows in a row or something?
Yeah, we're going to squeeze in two hours.
Oh my God.
People, it's what people want in.
They've listened to 99 hours.
I only want two more because they're fucking insane.
This one is sent by Mark Turetsky. Thanks, Mark.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Andre who asks 2012 into the world safe places to hide.
I'm not going to read his whole question because it's like six paragraphs of the craziest thing
I've ever read, but he had a friend who used to work at Area 51, told him it's a government
bunker about 1500 miles underground.
He said that in 2012, there will be quote a new beginning that the government knows
all about. It's going to kill 99.9% of the people on the earth.
They're going to save Obama and Bush and Clinton and him, his buddy who works at Area 51, NASA
for some reason.
And it's a no fly zone.
When do you get to the crazy part?
When I said 2012 into the world safe places to hide.
No, but all of that's true.
Right from the kickoff.
No, I saw all of that on the history channel yesterday.
Here's a problem.
No, you didn't.
Yes, it is.
Here's another. Here's a second problem.
He can't enter this facility.
It's it's limited entry.
He wants to move to the Himalayas, but he's not a mountain climber, but he doesn't know
of any other safe places to hide when the depletion of the human race happens.
Well, I think the answer is obvious.
Is it Area 52?
It's not.
It's kind of shoddily made.
Area 52 is the name of the pizza parlor next door.
It's hilarious.
Hilarious gag.
What if you can you stand in a doorway?
Can you get can you get in your bathtub?
Get in your bathtub in a doorway.
Build a doorway in the bathtub in the basement.
That's the safest place you can be in any emergency.
That's a you a bomb can go off next to you and you'll be you'll be okay.
Yeah.
That's how that's how Osama survives for so long.
He actually wouldn't leave the the the door frame in the bathtub in a basement.
They had to carry him around like a like a giant sedan with the guys on the side.
Ah, fuck.
I should have said Area Club 54.
Stop it.
Damn it.
That would have led to like a whole string of goofs.
Oh, yeah, it would have been really great.
I would have been really good.
Well, never.
Maybe if you want to start a podcast, there's a great way.
Just take that goof that Travis left there by the right side.
That's I'd say it's a full podcast with a group.
It's a rich vein of goose.
It's a rich goose vein.
Oh, no claim jumpers.
So claim jumpers would be a great name for a podcast.
Can we change ours?
No, no.
Travis, listen, I appreciate all the goofs.
We are eight months out from the apocalypse.
So like if we could come up with something, something, maybe a submarine.
It depends on what goes on, right?
Yeah, we don't know.
The problem with that's the thing, you got to plan for all.
You get in a submarine and go under and you're like,
ha ha ha suckers.
And then what's this tidal wave?
You're caught in the wave.
You're thrown into a building.
But of course, like if Galactus comes and just eats the planet, it's like,
well, I wish I hadn't wasted so much time getting ready for this.
Well, maybe that's why they're taking that's why they're taking NASA with them.
Because they're working on that the spaceship.
But then what if it's like a just like a wave, like a solar flare that destroys the planet?
And then the only people will be safe are the people in bathtubs and doorways and basements.
So just free floating in space.
Guys.
I wish I hadn't taken my clothes off.
I never thought this.
My pee pee's out in space.
Can I look at your mouth?
Um, we're all fucked.
Yeah, it's over.
So I was trying to enjoy ourselves while we got time.
I haven't seen Melancholia, but I watched a few trailers.
Yeah.
That's how you choose to spend your 2012 experiences watching trailers for Melancholia.
The sad thing about the world ending in 2012
is that no one will ever get to hear the master race master tapes.
Yeah.
Guys, I know I'm actually thinking about it.
What if it does happen?
It's not going to happen, but if it does go, then it's inevitable.
You know, no sense in worrying about it unless it's going to.
Here's what's going to happen is people are going to be like,
like when that day comes, what is it, the 20th, December 20th, 2012, right before Christmas.
Five days before Christmas.
Yeah, I know.
So it's going to happen.
I'm not doing any shopping, by the way.
Sorry.
Fuck all y'all.
There's going to be a lot of last minute Amazon in from the kid.
Do you remember when June 6th, 2006 came along and people were like,
oh fuck, here it comes.
666 everyone's dead.
And everyone bought into it so much that there was just rioting in the streets and like people
burning down entire cities and just like people lost their minds until June 7th came around.
It's going to be like that, like people are going to bring it about out of their own,
out of their own fear of it.
See, Justin's kicking it off early.
I got melancholia over here.
Hey brothers, congrats on that hundo.
Hey guys, this is Franz Ferdinand.
Just calling to say, you know, my, my death sparked World War, World War One.
So you can take this to the bank when I let you guys know that you're, you're just tops.
And I really think you kids are going to make it anyway.
I'm in hell because I was never baptized, so I got to get off the phone, but keep up
the good work.
I have this theory that if we go full, like we're entering the third hour of podcasting
that we have, that we're in our third hour of it, which is going to sound hilarious.
People listening and then it's been on for 45 minutes.
Hey, wow, Griffin really does clip a lot of this show out.
This is really heavily edited.
I think it's appropriate that we end talking about the end of the world.
Yeah, I think if we keep going, it would just be clicks, right?
It would just be a bunch of clicks and noises that don't even resemble speech anymore.
If we continue to podcast on into that infinite night, should we keep podcasting until the
end of the world?
That's my question.
We've only got eight months left.
Shouldn't we dig in and just keep podcasting the whole time?
Let's do one.
Let's do one more.
Definitely.
Definitely.
You can't stop me.
This one was sent in by Lisa Holofield.
Thank you, Lisa Holofield, for your, your constant, your unswerving patronage.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Clayton, who asks, can I call my husband daddy?
Good night, folks.
Do we really want to do this?
Goodbye, everybody.
Tell me right now, should we do another one?
Let me give you some, let me preview out the other ones.
How to make a, how to make a best friend.
Okay.
Could be sad.
I don't, I'm not, I don't want like-
Why would a girl, why would a girl send another girl a boobs emoticon?
Uh-huh, don't you think Justin Bieber is turning ugly day by day and losing all his fans?
All right, let's, let's explore that.
It was also sent in by Lisa Holofield.
What do you know?
Yeah, who answers you?
Deepak Chaiton, who asks, don't you think Justin Bieber is turning
ugly day by day and losing all his fans?
After so many years of ruling the music industry.
Basically, basically King Beebs.
I think he is turning a bit not attractive and he's losing his fans.
Due to the Robert Pattinson and One Direction.
Only Beliebers answer and say the truth.
No false prophets.
I'm a, I'm a Belieber agnostic right now.
I, I'm not sure that I am fully in the Beebs camp.
I'm going to try to find the most recent picture of the Beebs that I can.
Oh, it's awful.
He looks like Donald Sutherland.
Somewhere there's a portrait of him getting more and more attractive.
And Donald Sutherland's like, I can walk without the cane today.
I'm feeling really good.
Yeah.
Thanks, man.
If he's listening, I just really took the wind out of his sails.
If Kiefer's listening, I'm a fucking dead man.
Oh, the Beebs.
How old is he now?
He was born in 2008.
So he was manufactured by government scientists in 2008.
He's 12.
Hey guys, is it time for everybody to lay off at Justin Bieber yet?
Can we give him a break?
Once you saw Never Say Never, I don't think there's anybody.
I think you meant to say once you saw Never Say Never.
I thought I made a film recommendation to you guys.
Dude, do you not remember when I said, hey, you guys should watch this movie?
And you said, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's on Netflix.
We'll watch it tomorrow.
I don't remember saying that.
I remember you saying you should watch it.
And I don't remember us saying anything legally binding.
You emphatically, emphatically agreed.
I'm having sort of a problem right now.
And that is that I went to Justin Bieber's Wikipedia page, and he was born in 1994.
And there's a section on the Wikipedia page labeled childhood and youth.
And it's like all, all of it, please tell me, still current, current to now, still youth.
He's still childhood and youth.
If the Bieber's youth is behind him, I am a decrepit old, I'm like the Crip Keeper right now.
I can't even keep my limbs on.
It's like death becomes her.
Like shit's falling off my body if the Bieber's youth is behind him.
Yeah, but now that he's legal, it's like, ew, gross.
Gross, right.
Well, I think youth technically ends when you like fuck a 35 year old woman in,
during your tour in Germany.
Like it doesn't matter if you're 13 years old.
Did that happen?
Come on.
Okay, you're right.
I don't follow the blogs.
What are those new directions kids into?
One Direction?
I don't understand how female attraction works.
Okay.
I was just sitting here thinking about it.
But it's unthinkable to me that there are people who looked at Justin Bieber and were like,
he's fucking got it going on handsomeness sexy wise.
You know, Griff, I bet a lot of that is like that he is possibly the least threatening person
to have ever existed in the world ever.
Yeah.
You're just saying that because you've never seen Never Say Never.
You don't know how hard he is.
And saying stuff like that just completely undermines your case, Griffin.
When he plays basketball with his friends back in Canada, because he is Canadian.
Right.
When he's playing Canadian basketball-
And writing songs about how he beat Shaq.
When he's writing songs about the party that he threw at his house that he got grounded for
and his older brother Nick is like just killing it in 98 degrees.
Is that what the band he was in?
Yes. Which one died? LFO.
All of LFO died?
Not all of LFO, but the only one you'd recognize on the street.
F.
F died.
I love girls that wear black. It's please. It's a funeral.
Was that LFO?
Yeah. I love girls wear...
Guys, Justin Bieber is done.
I was just thinking about it, did some Google image searching, he's done.
He's fucking, he's gross.
Don't make me look at him anymore.
You're over it? Over the babes?
He's got crow's feet.
It does he?
Who needs that?
Well, he's been a necklace made of crow's feet.
He's been under a lot of stress.
He's like the most famous person.
Do you know how hard that is to deal with?
I hear during his latest concert when he did Somebody to Love and then like the tour manager
goes out in the audience and brings a girl up on the stage to be his special someone
and he like gives her the rose and like dances around her like he does at every concert.
I heard the last concert that he did that out.
He gave the girl the rose and she was like, no.
And she threw it back in his face and it poked one of his eyes out.
And now he has one eye.
And he's a lot less attractive because he looks like he's always winking.
Hey.
Justin Bieber, here's a question for you.
Does Bieber have to die young?
Now, hear me out if Bieber Bieber can't do anything for the rest of his life.
That is not exactly this like by the very virtue that Bieber will age.
He can no longer be Bieber as we have come to think of him.
Does sure is the right plan of attack for a him to like disappear for five years and
then come back hard like five o'clock shadow.
So, you know, I've been through some stuff, maybe some light cursing on his album.
Is that is that like he needs to like pupate for a while and enter a beautiful chrysalis
and come out Justin Timberlake, start up his acting career, maybe.
Yeah, that's where this terminate.
I would also like to propose a witness relocation program for aging child stars
and like change his name, become a substitute teacher in Utah.
Mm hmm.
Hi, I'm I'm your teacher, Jorsten Blaber.
Today, we're going to talk about social studies.
I'm going to bring one of you girls like a 10 year old girl.
I'm going to bring one of you girls up from here to make you my special someone.
And you have to give your oral report on Custer's last stand.
Get it.
Are we done?
I hope so.
I can't say anything else 20 minutes ago.
Yeah, I don't know any other things to say except to say thank you guys.
Thank you guys so much for hanging out with us like through all these years and two years,
I guess not all these years.
It was like some years, but all these both years, all these both years you guys have been here
and you've been listening to us talk about utter nonsense.
And please don't get on Twitter like this episode was whack.
I don't know if we were aware.
We're aware.
Like we talked for two hours.
Like at some point, this just becomes like hanging.
We're just hanging.
We did this to prove a point so that you guys wouldn't ask for extra long episodes anymore.
This is an object lesson.
This is a tough love episode of my brother and me.
Do you think we enjoyed this?
We didn't.
Did not.
We did.
We did it because we love you.
Yep.
We're trying to teach you a lesson that you'll never forget.
I'm actually sleepy.
I'm like, yeah, you're like all your goof energy has been depleted.
You need to go have a hamburger and just chill out.
Get a protein shake and just beer Pilates.
Head to the cool off tent.
Drink some OJ.
Put my head between my knees.
Just like find my center again.
Guys, I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
They just announced on the Max Funcon lineup that he's going to be doing a panel.
I believe at Max Funcon, which I am.
He's doing a panel and I'm doing a panic attack as a result.
Like I can't.
Yeah.
Can I handle it?
I know it's been six days since we mentioned it, but I also wanted to say if you haven't
yet, if you haven't stopped this stupid podcast, go check it out.
Go check out the cast of Thrones.
They were sponsored this week.
You probably forgotten about it, but they're awesome.
Well, they're good to go listen to them.
Thank you to everybody tweeting about the show.
Nor Rockwell, Gali Ayali, of course, as always, Christian Nobano, Joanna Eleven, Action Allen,
Kambo Soup, Jerez1985, Law and Order PCP.
Thank you guys so much for all your support over these two years.
And the only reason people are listening to the show is because you, you know, you're
the only reason people are listening to the show is because you told other people about
it.
So please don't stop that as we go into our third year and our second hundred episodes.
We can actually, because we are brothers, can never stop doing this podcast.
So as long as people keep listening to it, that would be ideal because we really can't
stop.
Yeah.
Thank you to Jesse and all of our family members at Maximum Fun.
It's it's it's an honor to be a part of this.
It seriously that was joining this network was a I think that's the best thing that happened
to us in the last hundred episodes.
Yeah.
Or or the last, you know, 30 years of all of our lives.
Thank you to our dad for teaching us, making us born, taking us about Chuckles at a young
age.
He was a stern taskmaster when it came to goofs.
And the one thing he told us to never do was to record for more than two hours.
And yet here you so much to our dad for allowing us to spring forth from his loins.
It is a complicated and fully grown, fully grown.
I can't.
Is this that's that's pretty gross.
I'm so sleepy here.
I just want the show to be over.
Griffin, you're the only one with power to make it stop.
Please thank everybody.
Thank you.
Thank you so much, guys.
Seriously.
And thank you for all that money.
I just don't know what you do.
It's sweet, sweet money.
God, I'm so rich.
Griffin.
I bought a Taco Bell.
I bought a Taco Bell restaurant.
I bought a taco.
So our split may be off.
This one is sent in by Lisa Holifield.
Thank you, Lisa Holifield.
Very, very much.
You our shows would be like half as long without without your questions.
Thank you.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Amelia H who asks.
Can I eat a turkey and cheddar crackers Lunchables while pregnant?
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Score on the lips.
Keep your heart, three stacks, keep your heart, hey, keep your heart, three stacks, keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart, three stacks, these girls are smart.
Play your part.
