The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm Travis, what's even the point?
And I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy. I'm just
gonna stick with it. Travis, what's wrong? We seem to have joined Travis in media res.
I missed it. Let's take a step back and see what happened. I missed it.
What? I missed it. Which one? Which did you miss of them?
I missed 420. Oh, shoot. Oh, Trav.
I know. I know. What were you doing?
I wasn't paying attention. I was just, Griffin, nothing. That's the thing.
Oh, shoot. I just didn't, you know?
Yeah, so you got up and you were just going about your day,
and you did smoke a little bit of weed, like one or two joints.
But just normal, just the normal amount. The normal amount, not like the buck wild
amount that you're supposed to do on a funny weed day. Trav, I'm so sorry, buddy.
Well, you know, it's one of the things, it happens when you work from home
and you don't own a calendar and like, you just, you know, all the days start to run together.
Like, I forgot it was April for a while. You know what I mean? So like,
and it wasn't until, you know, on the 21st, all my friends, all my weed friends were like,
so what did you get up to yesterday? And I was like, yeah, I just sort of
smoked a normal amount of weed and went on about my day. And they were like, what?
And then, so not only did I miss it, I was also embarrassed in all the forums.
It's such an inspiration to me that 420 is able to, you know, usually people would start to think
it passe. They would start to think that scene is over. It's played. 420, we get it. Everybody
hysterical. But 420, it's just so good and right to have a day about weed that everybody's just
like, let's not ruin this for ourselves. Like, let's just all try to be cool about the fact
that this is a day about weed and like, celebrate that.
If you want to come for my 420, you better be prepared for me to come for your Halloween.
It's like, what if today it's just all pumpkins and candy and costumes? Like, why?
Why? Why today that?
It's just like the way that people have embraced June 9th or like March 11th is like-
Well, March 11th is National 311 Day where we all get together. And we also, I will say,
smoke a considerable amount of weed and listen to 311 together.
True. And which is funny because on 420, I usually listen to 311 and smoke
an inordinate amount of weed.
They're interchangeable, really, those two dates.
But then there's June 9th, which I think is special for everyone, obviously. Nice.
Nice.
You idiot. You know, the-
Dumb. I think I'm going to start becoming a Halloween hipster in the same way that some
people are hipsters about 420. I think- I just say like, you know, I wore costumes every day
last week. I don't need a special day for it. You know, that kind of thing.
You're being childish with your jokes about pumpkins and candy and sweets and costumes.
I'm being childish. Fuck off. Life is so fucking hard. Can you not give me these little checkpoints
where I can have just like a little unnecessary celebration?
Some people need to wear costumes to help with chronic pain. Like, yeah, I get it.
I just- I just- I don't like people who are down on holidays for any reason. It's just the year
is just long stretches of bullshit garbage, and then we get one day where we can log on to Twitter
and say that we're smoking weed even though we haven't known where to buy weed in 15 years.
Just let us have that. Let me have it. Please. Please let me just make jokes about it.
I haven't weeded in so long, not since I lived in California, where it's everywhere.
Where it's all over.
Well, I can say that's inaccurate, Travis. I can confirm. I may have-
That was not recreational though, Justin. That was professional weeding.
Yeah, we expensed that.
That was expensed weed. Boy.
How did you spend the fourth 20, Justin?
Well, I was doing interstate travel, which yes, did make things a little more challenging
for sure, but I just sort of drew a lot of pot leaves on my binders, my various binders.
I drew pot leaves and white out on those. Took a couple coats, but I got a look that I'm very
proud of, and then I drew a guy with a big hat and a funny coat kind of giving a thumbs up.
And he was like, yeah, it was cool too. And he was kind of like having some weed.
You could tell he was about to or knew where or had been with weed in that way.
I spent it by unloading about 18 ounces, made about 40 Gs.
So I think you probably took it a little far.
I'm like fucking Walgreens, you know? I come for that Valentine's Day candy momentum.
The best time to buy pot at Walgreens is April 21st. A lot of people forget this,
but if you go there on April 21st, they are giving the stuff away.
I mean, basically. Listen, but if you don't get there till like 3pm,
it's all just gonna be like white marijuana, you know what I mean?
The gross kind that nobody wants, you know? Those crunchy Nermal flakes.
Exactly. No, thank you.
Should we advise? Yeah, this is an advice show, ostensibly.
So we take your questions, turn them alchemy-like into wisdom.
This first one is, well, I don't know who it's from. It's a very short question.
I'm going to play paintball for the first time. Advice? Strategies?
That's from somebody. I don't know. That question made me really,
really happy because it's been a long time since we got this really straightforward to the point.
I just want to say, side note, hi, everybody. This is Travis McElroy,
who goes through all the questions every week.
Please stop ending your questions with, am I good?
It's like all of them, huh? Please stop.
It's like 75% of questions end with, am I good?
And am I good is not an actionable, advisable position.
That's not a good question. In the retail industry,
we call that a closed question. We need an open-ended question here.
Thank you. That's what I like about this.
Like for instance, this essentially Yahoo answer question,
can you give me advice and strategies for paintball?
I will say this. The last time I played paintball was at a buddy's bachelor party,
and it was about 48 degrees outside.
I ran around and scampered and did my fucking Sam Fisher techniques all over that battlefield,
and I breathed in so much of that cold Texas air that I got extremely sick for the wedding
the next day. Just watch that. I'm not saying you're going to a wedding tomorrow,
but just don't. This is very much the same as my laser tag advice.
Do not overexert yourself in all things.
I want to congratulate this person because they have obviously come to the right place.
They've come to My Brother, My Brother, Me, a tactical podcast,
and I think that that shows a lot that your head's already where it needs to be,
turning to the right people to support you.
If you have even a modicum of strategy with paintball,
everybody else is just afraid to get shot. You have to live without that fear.
You have to get beyond that fear and be more sort of a symbol.
That's the thing that people forget with paintball,
is that everybody's running around Sam Fisher style,
and what you lack in that way is nobody to stand up and say,
I am your god now. Die for me. I'm the reaper.
Get in line, follow behind me, and I will lead you to victory or Valhalla
or whatever sort of promises you want to make of glory and death.
And that's the thing that people forget to do is become a symbol that people can believe in.
Also, just as an aesthetic, wear clothes that are already spattered in paint,
and then it's hard to tell if they hit you.
That's good.
Or just wear the mask and as little protective clothing as you want that says,
I'm not, I'm not scared. I'm not scared of the painful welts that I will develop
from your balls of paint. Come at me.
I'm looking at a list of terminology here on Wikipedia
because I thought it would be funnier than it actually is.
There is an entry on here that says,
streetball, paintball played by those who do it simply for the love of the sport.
Yes.
Aren't you just, you're describing, yeah, you're describing 99.999.
There's like one person out there who is a professional paintballer,
and I'm sure those people exist who are just like,
oh fuck, another day of paintball.
Pretty much everybody else is out there like,
great.
You know what?
People don't do enough like covert, like Black Ops paintball maneuvers.
Like bring your own armbands so you can switch teams at will.
You know what I mean?
This both works as espionage, but also if your team is losing,
well now you're on the red team and you're winning.
Just like that. You know what I mean?
Or like maybe go hide in the woods until the whole match is over
so you don't get shot.
Oh yeah, that fucking Hacksaw Ridge shit.
Yeah, and then you come out and you're like,
actually the last person standing was on the blue team.
And you like take out the last red team member.
No, that's not how Hacksaw did it.
Now I did just watch Hacksaw Ridge over the shoulder
of somebody sitting in front of me on the airplane.
And so I feel pretty...
That movie is, by the way, as far as I can tell,
is a two hour long cut of that one scene in Saving Private Ryan
where all the people get horribly injured on the beach.
It's just like, I think that was Clint Eastwood made that one.
And he was like, I really liked that scene.
People walk around, legs blowed up.
That was Mel Gibson.
Oh, it was Mel doing that one.
Well, that makes a lot more sense now because he likes that saw shit.
But it's just like, man, I like that part of the movie.
I'd love for it to be two hours.
Just a lot of people wandering around horribly, horribly injured.
I love it.
You know what, Griffin?
I agree.
Why all these war movies always have to show people getting hurt?
You know what I mean?
Where's the fun side?
It's excessive, it's excessive.
Where's the card games?
Every four minutes-
The Blackadder stuff.
Every four minutes somebody jumps on a fucking grenade in that movie.
It's like they had this new like gut launching technology
that they were like really fucking psyched to use.
The problem with paintball is that
that no matter how tactically you get,
if you pull some sneaky shit and some cool shit and blast a bunch of people,
the problem with paintball is they are immediately able to comment
on what you have done for them.
You know, in war, when you kill people in war,
I bet you probably feel guilty later.
But like in the immediate, you don't get people like,
oh man, come on.
Why did you do that?
Come on, man.
That's not cool.
We were all facing the other way and you came up behind the thing.
Oh man, come on.
It was Todd's birthday and you shot him.
You shot Todd on his birthday.
This was for him.
You ran me through with a bayonet off, man.
Come on.
Come on, man.
You got me with the bayonet.
We were all marching forward in straight lines in our bright red coats
and you guys were just like hiding in the trees in the bushes and shit.
Oh man.
Man, you burned all our Johnny Cakes.
Come on, what a turd.
You shot my butt, dude.
Look at that turd.
Those turds are using paint cannons and shooting a bunch of people at once.
Come on.
These blankets are just soaked in paint.
You just put paint all over the blankets.
Come on.
Come on.
I don't-
You're not supposed to go in the river.
Come on, that's off limits.
They told us.
Do y'all want to know who?
Who? How come Civil War reenactors don't use fucking paintball guns?
Wouldn't that be the sweetest?
Wouldn't that elevate Civil War reenactment if they were just like pop, pop, pop?
Like I know that you're feeling a little bit of that pain.
Like you want to get in it?
Get in it.
You want to get in it.
Yeah, you want to be in George Washington's fucking mindset?
Civil War hero George Washington.
You want to be in that mindset?
Okay, but there will be a cost, a pain cost.
It's going to sting you and zing you.
Have I told you guys my idea for a maybe billion dollar idea for war reenactments?
Oh, I thought you were just going to say war.
I'd be like no.
No, it's a gun.
It's two guns attached front to back.
I call them pre-enactments.
And it's like future wars that you're staging and how you think they would go.
And it could go so far as to like, you know, the year 3017.
You know what I mean?
And it's like this is what I think war will be like in the future.
But the nice thing about pre-enactments is they can end however you want.
Oh, sure.
You don't have to feel like, just because maybe the, you know, the Union one,
that doesn't hold up in pre-enactments.
You could do whatever you want and it could be different every time.
Technically every time that two nerds are flying their drones close to each other
and then they crash into each other and fall to the ground,
that's technically a pre-enactment of the 3017 drone battles.
And it's also copyright infringement.
TMTMTO.
TMTM, drone battle, war reenactment.
And I think, Trav, we could do a pretty good job
accurately pre-enacting the next war with today's political stuff.
I don't follow what's going on.
Is there something going on?
A lot of it.
So here's another question.
It's a Yahoo question.
It's a Yahoo question.
I wanted to celebrate Science March,
which, Justin, you and Sydney and Chuck participated in.
Yes, is Science March, like, 420?
It was 422, actually.
Okay.
After sort of that good head buzz that worn off,
it's like, let's get out there and win one for science.
This one was sent in by Casey Mayer.
Thank you, Casey.
It's Yahoo Answers user question mark, who asks,
if all the birds in the world held on to a tree and fly up,
will the world move?
Science.
Damn.
Damn, dude.
This one would work for 420 or Science Day.
If all the birds in the world-
Grab one, it would have to be a big old tree.
Big, big, big tree.
Deep roots, right?
Not to yank them out of the ground.
Deep, deep, deep roots.
Here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
I'm talking about a Yggdrasil situation.
I know the answer to this, I think, maybe.
But we often run into this.
I feel this urge to point out actual logical answers to this
because I know that there will be people on Twitter
after the episode goes up and says like,
I can't believe you guys didn't say blank.
But blank is really funny.
And everybody listening at home,
I know there are birds who eat other types of birds.
And so this sort of bird union would never happen.
I get it, but play with us.
Just have some fun.
Just play with me.
Like birds on birds on birds.
Like a bird that stands on another bird's shoulder.
Just because I don't know how big a tree you could find
that would have enough branch space.
But if the birds all kind of locked together, Voltron S-
Eagle holds the branch.
Hawk holds the eagle.
Fucking pigeon holds the hawk.
Sparrow holds the pigeon.
Yes.
Yes.
And then now we're talking about eight wings.
That's a lot of torque.
That's a lot of lift.
Yeah.
Is there any actual answers?
Did anybody try to like be smart about it?
I mean, there's a lot of you'll rip the tree out of the ground
before it will apply for some-
Boo.
Boo.
Play with us.
Play with me.
Play with us.
If the birds were holding on to trees all over the world,
they'd be going against each other.
Yeah, no shit.
That was never even part of the fucking equation.
One tree.
One big Yggdrasil.
Yahoo Answers user Pranit says, an exciting question.
I agree.
An intriguing conundrum.
I think it can happen.
This could follow Newton's first law of motion,
which I think states that if a bunch of birds hold onto one tree,
they can fly the world away.
You know, there's a lot of people,
there's probably a lot of naysayers about that,
but there is a chance that after the Allfather,
creator of the Allspark,
finished creating the Earth and Cybertron simultaneously,
after the Allfather finished his work,
he was going over, he's like, everything looks good.
Everything looks good.
And then one of the Allangels came to him and said,
Allfather, what is-
And he's like, oh shit.
Oh God, damn it.
Yo, Allfather, you made a lot of birds.
Did you stop to think that maybe-
Shoot, there's a lot of them, huh?
I'll talk to one of the birds
to make sure at least one doesn't show up.
So I'll make Jerry the bird promise that he won't go.
It'll be fine.
I like to think that if these birds do accomplish this feat
and then Earth is tossed into a state of orbital decay
that leads to our agonizing march into the sun's molten core,
we really can't be too pissed off about that, right?
Because it's like, no human's ever done anything
that cool, birds.
Literally all of you came together
to hurl our planet into the sun.
This is coming back to the war on birds though.
That human bird war that we've been touching on
from time to time,
this is like the ultimate power play of the birds.
If we can't have this Earth, then let it be dust.
If we can't have this planet, no one can.
Then let the big burning star in the sky have it.
I just so badly want to see the meeting of each leader
of every kind of bird all getting together
to vote on whether or not
they should all hurl the Earth into the sun
and there's something about that image
that just makes me so happy.
Just to see the hawks and the turkeys and,
well, turkeys don't fly.
Would a turkey, wait, hold on.
Oh shit, shit, flightless birds.
Yes, flightless birds are going to,
especially, can I hit you with our main ally in this quest?
The Judas Iscariot for all bird kind is, of course, penguins.
Penguins, yes.
Sorry, you want to throw it into the sun?
That's the opposite temperature we like.
I like the chilies.
So you're saying that while all the flying birds
are tugging on this tree,
there's going to be a bunch of ostriches down there
like, come on, gosh.
No.
Come on, y'all, come on.
Damn, they'll actually all be laying on their backs
flapping their wings up.
Well, penguins will just be mating nonstop.
They're like, we got to make more penguins
weigh this motherfucker down.
There's a penguin nature special
narrated by David Tennant
and it's called Spies Amongst the Nest or something.
It's called Tuxedo Boys.
It's called Tuxedo Boys
where they've put a bunch of cameras
disguised as penguins in amongst the penguins.
And I bring this up because there are numerous,
numerous times where some penguin
will just try to mate with that camera.
Fuck yeah.
Like penguin, penguins is down.
Penguins are down.
I always say this, all dressed up and somewhere to go,
which is inside of David Tennant's secret camera.
Oh shit, I just realized in my office
that I've been working out of for about three years now,
there's been a completely stationary penguin
this entire time.
And I've never asked any questions about it,
but I'm starting to think David Tennant
is watching me do podcasting.
Well, don't ruin this.
I think I'm going to try to make love to this camera.
The only thing that gives me peace about this scenario
is if you do see the birds trying to pull this shit
and they will eventually, it's fine.
Someday they will.
The good news about it is you just throw
a pack of captain's wafers up there
and they're going to forget the whole enterprise.
No, hold the line.
If you threw one oyster cracker into that moss pit,
they would fucking dissolve.
No problem.
No problem at all.
Here's another question.
A few weeks ago, I had a dream that an actor
who I admire and think is attractive,
Chris Evans, wanted to have sex with me.
The problem is I turned him down,
saying that I was waiting until marriage to Chris Evans.
I have regretted this ever since.
I don't have any sort of significant other
that would have been cheating on my doing
with Chris Evans in my dream.
And if Chris Evans himself actually asked me
if I wanted to do it with him,
I would definitely say yes.
How could I write down his terrible mistake
awkwardly absent in Arkansas?
Okay, I am with this on so many levels
because I feel like once a week,
I have a dream that is like a movie
that is building up to something.
In this case, Your Mind movie was a Chris Evans
amateur pornographic film.
Well, don't say amateur.
You don't know what the quality of this person's pornography is.
I mean, fucking if Chris Evans is in it,
it's definitely high budge.
Okay, that's fair, Travis.
But I have a movie where I find these fucking gloves
that let me fly around and give me super strength,
but the mad inventor of these gloves
needs me to train before he'll let me use them.
And so I go into his secret lair
and I fucking work my ass off
just learning to use these power gloves.
And then the fucking big metal doors open
and I step outside like,
all right, time to fight some.
Hey, Griffin, the baby's crying.
You need to wake up.
And it's like, I just got the power gloves though.
Like once a week, Rachel will wake me up
because it'll be like, hey, can you go get the baby?
And I'll be like, but I just got the hover bike.
I just got the hover bike, just now.
I think the real concern here
that this person question asker didn't even address
is the issue of what if you were dealing
with like concurrent dreaming
and this was not just dream Chris Evans.
Oh my God, Travis.
But like real Chris Evans was also having this dream,
sharing this dream with you.
And then Chris Evans woke up like, no, oh man.
I would have liked to.
I would have done that.
Finally, I'd love to have sex.
I'd love to know what sex feels like on my wiener for once.
It just once, I, Chris Evans.
Sometimes in the movies, they make it pretend like we do,
but I've never actually had the wiener feel of sex before.
I just wanna do sex once where I'm not wearing my trunks
like I have to in the movies.
They make me wear my swim trunks
when I make sex in the movies.
And it's like, I'm always curious
about what if the trunks weren't there?
What would happen if you tried to have sex?
So Chris, it's time.
Are you ready to have sex?
Yeah, let me just get my trunks
and we'll get right to it.
Actually, Chris, you don't have to wear your trunks every time.
What?
Wait, huh?
Huh?
Huh?
I could do it without the trunks.
This is heartbreaking.
I don't, and what's really a bummer is you can't get back
into the Chris Evans sex situation.
You can't get the hover bike.
You can't always get, you can't always conjure up the gloves
because sometimes you lay down like,
all right, I'm gonna step back into my movie
and I'm gonna start with the power gloves.
It's a little cheat code.
And then you close your eyes
and all of a sudden you're having sex with Chris Evans.
You have to master lucid dreaming.
That's it, isn't it?
That's the only thing.
Now, here's a little factoid about the J-Man.
I did kickstart.
I am sort of on the forefront of this.
Oh, man.
I did kickstart a-
This is gonna be so rough.
What?
I'm just like holding onto the arms of my chair
in like preparation for this whack thing
that you've kickstarted.
I'm sort of on the forefront of this.
I did help to kickstart a lucid dreaming helmet
where it's sort of a band that will help you
to gain the ability to have lucid dreams.
It's called the Aurora.
And I'm sort of on the forefront
of this experimental technology.
The one thing about it is that we did sort of get over
that hump in late 2013, and I have not gotten...
Oh, shoot.
I haven't gotten...
I'm assuming it's still in testing
because I have not received my-
You gotta be careful with a product like this.
You don't wanna give somebody spooky dreams
with the wrong head crystals, Justin.
Justin, how do you know that you're not somewhere
asleep wearing it right now dreaming this?
Justin, I'm just a figment of your shit, dude.
This is all a dream, Justin.
You can have sex with Chris Evans, whatever you want.
Turn around.
Sorry, you think you are a successful podcaster?
Oh, God, how fucking rich.
In West Virginia?
In West Virginia, Justin, all of this
is just a weird buffalo wing you ate.
Don't you get it?
One thing is I am reviewing the emails I've received
about the Aurora over time, and the subject line
has now changed from initially it was Aurora,
the ultimate lucid dreaming tool, to the Aurora Dream Band,
the ultimate sleep aid.
So I am worried that maybe somewhere along the line
they realize that lucid dreaming may have been
flying too close to the sun.
It's not just that.
A sleep aid is the opposite of a lucid dreaming tool.
It's a placid dreaming.
It's an extremely placid dreaming tool now.
The next email you guys are just gonna say,
the Aurora headband, it kind of smells like lavender.
You'll like it.
You can use it to cover your eyes.
Aw, dang.
Aw, dang, that does help.
Please no one Google to find out how much that was.
Actually, legally, I'm putting a legal disclaimer on this.
Please, please don't Google that, okay?
I was really into lucid dreaming at the time, all right?
Thank you.
Did you ever pull it?
Thank you.
Did you ever get good at it?
I don't know, Griffin.
I don't have the fucking band yet.
But I think they're gonna fulfill.
I have feel pretty good.
It's been about four years now.
I'm feeling good that we can't be that far away from this tech.
Yeah, $150 for the first early bird backers.
$160 for the later birds.
I would have loved to get on at that level.
$150 early bird sounds pretty sweet.
I probably have it by now.
Probably about $200 is probably what J-Dog spent on this.
And let me look at this thing.
I mean, it looks like a very shitty, very small Oculus Rift.
If you want, Justin, I could just paint the inside of some goggles black
and sell it to you for $120.
I could print out some fucking high res glossy JPEGs of Chris Evans
and just tape them onto some fucking scuba goggles
and put those on your eyes every night.
Pretty good to sleep.
Actually, I could just probably pay Chris Evans
to come hang out with you for a while if you want.
Yeah.
Should we go to the money zone
so you could recoup some of your lost sleep dream band finances?
Yeah, let's head in.
We're inside it now.
We're here.
Hi, money zone.
Hello.
Can I talk about me undies?
Please do.
Here's what's up with me undies.
I want you to take a personal inventory
of your wardrobe right now.
Something missing?
Something missing in your beautiful wardrobe?
I bet these soft modal underwears are missing from your body.
Me undies are the best underwear that you can get.
They deliver them right to your door.
It's made of sustainably sourced micro modal.
It's a fabric three times softer than cotton.
It's literally all I wear now.
I am fortunate enough to have replaced all of my bad garbage underwear.
That's not true.
I have one pair of boxers that I wear just because the whole...
Just to remember the dark times.
Just to remember the dark times.
But sure enough, by the end of the day,
those things are just soaking wet and I don't know why, but not me undies.
Guess what?
Guess what, guys?
You can save time and money each month by getting a monthly subscription to me undies.
They send you the new me undies to your door and they have fun prints
and they're really sexy and cute.
If you don't want a subscription, that's fine.
You can still save because me undies is offering you 20% off your first pair.
Just visit our special URL, meundies.com slash my brother
and get 20% off your first pair.
Go to your underwear drawer, upend it, throw all that trash in there away
and put it, stuff that shit with me undies.
Again, meundies.com slash my brother.
Go get 20% off your first pair, meundies.com slash my brother.
You're gonna love it.
I would like to tell you about a box of nature that I received.
They just send you a bunch of pine cones?
Yeah.
Oh God, it's great.
I think we've only made that joke eight times so far.
Are you talking about nature box?
Shut your dick.
Nature box is a long time friend of the show.
Hey, huff my shorts, Travis, if you're gonna be a balls about it.
They make great snacks that actually taste great and are better for you.
Listen, I'm a bit of a snack monster from time to time
and I don't mean like a cute, like Sesame Street, like, oh, me love snacks.
I mean like, my God, my God, what have you done?
Kind of snack monster.
And when nature box came in my life, it presented me a snacking opportunity
that didn't make me feel like shit for the rest of the day.
And I really appreciate that from nature box.
They make snacks that they don't have,
they're high quality ingredients that are free from artificial colors,
flavors or sweeteners.
So you don't have to feel bad about snacking.
And they have lots of different options, sweet, savory, spicy,
lots of different things for any snack preference you got.
And they've made their service even better.
Now you can order as much as you want as often as you want
with no minimum purchase required and you can cancel any time.
So right now you'll save even more
because nature box is offering our fans 50% off your first order
when you go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
That's naturebox.com slash my brother for 50% off your first order.
It's a great deal for great snacks and good times, great country, nature box.
naturebox.com slash my brother.
It plays country music when you open it.
Plays country music that may or may not be DJed by our dad
depending on when you open it.
Our dad's a country music DJ.
Yeah, I think folks get it at this point.
Okay, because if they don't know that,
what I have just said is even weirder than it is on the surface.
It is on the surface.
I've got a personal message here.
It's for Charlie, Nicole, Justin, and Brittany, and it's from Nelson.
And there's an exclamation point.
So that was the exact right reading.
Thanks for introducing me to these good, good brothers.
Our annual NOLA trip was a blast.
Can't wait to do it again next year.
Thank you, brothers.
Well, you're very welcome.
You're very welcome.
Where was my invite?
I would love to get down to NOLA and chill with y'all.
Do you think you're the Justin in this message?
I did not go to NOLA.
I have not been to NOLA.
Oh, y'all, we got to get to NOLA.
We got to get to NOLA.
Hey, what would a NOLA show be like for us?
We should do a NOLA show.
We should definitely go and do a NOLA show, huh?
You know where else I want to do a show now?
Because I was just there, Atlanta.
Atlanta, we can knock those both out in one trip.
Not a big deal.
Not even a big deal.
Can we also do one in Savannah or is that too close to Atlanta?
Oh, I love that.
Get down to Tybee.
Get down to Tybee for a fucking just beach vacation bash.
Get down to that island life.
I would love to do a fucking show with the beach in the background
and just the waves behind me.
Just like getting powered by that.
I'd love to do a show with the Beach Boys
where I'm just playing drums for them.
I would love to do that with the Beach Boys together.
Yeah, I love that.
Just us and the Beach Boys.
What a better pairing could there be?
Alexi, Alexi, are you listening?
It's me, Justin.
I have a message for you, Alexi.
It's from Allie, Ash, Ollie, and Natalie.
Hey, Alexi.
We all love you very much
and we wanted to wish you a happy birthday.
Thank you for rolling into our lives
and making us laugh about pooping your baby diaper
while playing Fallout 4.
We're so jazzed that a literal angel brought you to us
with all the joy and support you've given us
in just a few months.
We love you, baby boy.
That is so sweet.
And that's for Alexi.
It's a happy birthday, Alexi.
What?
Is it?
Sometimes, sometimes, some crimes
go slipping through the cracks.
Do you think that this is for an actual baby
or all of these just inside jokes for a grown person?
You know, I hope not
because Fallout 4 was rated
by the Entertainment Software Review Board
as being M for mature audiences
because of graphic violence and probably cussing.
And if a baby played it,
it would literally ruin that.
It would literally ruin that baby.
That baby would be, yeah, worthless at that point.
Because right from the beginning,
if a baby was there,
when everybody's running around like,
fuck, a bomb, it would be like,
whoa, hold on, babies shouldn't be hearing that.
And they'd be like,
fuck, all this radiation everywhere
made these fucking ants so big.
And then the ant bites you in the torso
and you just hacksaw ridge all over the place.
You can't let a baby see that shit.
Are you easily confused
by terms like cultural appropriation,
cisgender, and woke?
Or maybe you find yourself
constantly explaining terms like these
and you need a place to vent.
Do you have a love for all things
pop culture, social commentary, and politics?
Sounds like you need Minority Corner.
Where you can learn, laugh, and play.
Sounds like blues clues.
Only it's more black, gay, and ladylike.
James and Anika will happily administer
your weekly dose each and every Friday.
You can listen on Maximum Fun
or wherever you get your podcast.
Minority Corner.
With a K.
Because the C was taken.
This one was sent in by Rachel Sperling.
Game recognized game, Rachel Sperling, thank you.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Alkexis who says,
is it weird if two strangers had a mutual agreement
to lean on each other on a plane?
Lehin, you're on a long flight.
Is it weird to ask the passenger
sitting next to you before you take off
if you could lean on them to sleep
and they could lean on you?
Would you take this offer?
Well, no.
Because if you're both leaning on each other,
you're getting only half the lean.
Well, okay, hold on.
So.
Because you'd be forming an equilateral triangle
where you wanna do, is it isosceles?
You wanna lean all the way over with them sitting
at like a 90, they're straight up and down
and you're leaning against them.
So you're getting maximum lean.
Maybe you trade off, maybe take turns leaning.
How long is the flight?
Like there are a lot of factors here.
How tall is the person?
What angle are you gonna be leaning at?
You know what I mean?
Is their head on top of your head?
How poofy is their hair?
How poofy is your hair?
And then there's accessory questions.
Do they have padded shoulder pads?
That would be like a comfy pillow for you to lay on.
Big dangly earrings that might get caught in your beard.
Do they have some sort of cheek stink
that you don't wanna be close to?
The problem with this is I'm a fidgeter.
What if I finish the game I'm enjoying
on my Nintendo Switch and I need, not want,
I need to play some more Knights of the Old Republic
on my iPad, a very old video game
that I'm currently enjoying.
What if I need to do that?
Do I tell them like, excuse me,
I have an important announcement.
Excuse me, I have some important news
about our arrangement.
It's changed, the game is changed.
Oh, that's the ultimate, isn't it?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let's lean on each other.
I'll go first.
And then you do it.
And then you're like, what are you doing?
Excuse me, flight attendant,
look at what this person's done to me.
The fucking most brutal betrayal.
I love that shit.
I get uncomfortable if my elbow touches
the other person's elbow.
So I don't know.
And then let me be clear,
not because I have a problem with contact
with another human being.
I feel bad being in someone,
it makes me feel like Shrek the Ogre
to like just go-
Now which one is that?
Swamping through the world.
He's the big green one with the horns,
with like his head, it looks like trumpets.
And I feel bad moving through the world
just putting my elbows against other people
and saying, this is my space now.
I'm taking this armrest.
I'm gonna lean on you and drool on your tweed coat.
But this makes me feel bad.
I want you to imagine you're on that flight
to Hong Kong, about 13 hours.
You are wiped out.
13 hours is such a long time to be seated.
And so you don't have this conversation
with your neighbors because it would be uncomfortable.
But then you look at the people in front of you
and they are full blown Bubba Gump,
person TP together with each other.
And you think like, fuck, that looks nice.
Cause they're getting the best sleep of their lives
touching a stranger and they're gonna get to Hong Kong
and they're gonna be all refreshed.
And you are not because you were afraid
to have this conversation.
I had a wonderful moment.
I think it was when I was flying back from Portland.
It was near the end of the boarding process
and there was a seat.
It was a three across seat.
And I was at the window and my neighbor
was in the middle seat and no one was in the aisle seat.
And what I realized through body language,
both of us were just staring at the door.
And as soon as the flight attendant closed the door
and that seat was still empty,
they were in the aisle seat a nanosecond later
without any, and we didn't communicate about it.
It was not like if that seat stays open,
we take this seat and we share it.
Half is your empty space and have it.
They did it.
And all I wanted to do was turn towards them
and be like, yes, you've done it.
You saw it, thank you.
It was just such an amazing,
where it's like there are good people in the world.
There are still good people in the world.
There is kindness, yes.
I gotta read this Yahoo answer response
from Bluebell BKK who says,
I once traveled with a man I didn't know,
but who turned out in preliminary conversation
to be the friend of a friend of mine.
Why is it that people on Yahoo Answers
talk like they're from another fucking planet?
In preliminary conversation, he was at the window,
I was on the aisle and there was an empty seat between us.
We agreed that we would both put our feet up
on the spare seat for extra comfort
and not worry if our legs happened to touch.
We traveled comfortably for the six hour flight.
How did this convo go down?
I'm gonna put my feet up and you can do it too.
And listen, odds are my gams,
your pegs gonna touch.
We might hit some turbulence
and it might just become a leg milkshake.
We might have a little calf to calf contact.
Is that gonna be cool with you?
It's cool with me.
If it's fine with you, let me know.
Little calf to calf, that's a good touch.
That's an unfair deal for the person on the aisle
because if you're against the window,
you can lean your back against the window
and put your feet up in the seat.
But if you're in the aisle,
you're just like leaning into the aisle
to put your feet up.
Ready to get your head touched by butts
and genitals nonstop over and over again.
And just be killed by the drink cart.
Decapitated by a drink cart.
The aisle should be the only seat on an airplane.
There shouldn't be other seats that aren't,
I do not understand people with a window preference
on an airplane.
Why is your preference to,
especially if your flight is longer than 45 minutes long,
I cannot fathom being locked in a human prison.
Hey, you know how much you like social interactions?
How would you like to be forced to have two of them
and everyone knows that you're going to take a shit?
You have to time it out
and anticipate the person coming out of the bathroom.
That's the brutal part.
Because if you make it to the aisle
and someone has just stepped in the bathroom,
you have to sit back down in the most sheepish like,
well, I guess I missed it.
I was three deep in the window
on my flight back from New York on Friday.
Three deep on the window.
And I immediately recognized this was a problem for me
and where I'm at as a person on Earth today.
I sat down, put on that good Delta screen.
I turned around, saw the movies.
Oh, Fantastic Beasts and How to Get All of Them.
Fucking great.
Tuned in.
How to Catch Them All.
The whole time I'm watching Eddie Redman do his business.
And collect all these wonderful beats.
The whole time I'm thinking like,
piss sounds pretty good right about now.
And so I had to ask these people,
one of whom had a bottle of wine that they just opened
and it sat out on their tray
and the other one was doing important work
on their laptop that they had sat on the tray.
I was like, hey, I need to disrupt
both of your guys' whole shit for like 10 minutes
and don't get comfortable
because you know I'm going to be coming back.
And so I did my business.
I came back to sit down to enjoy Eddie Redman
and I'm not kidding, I put the earbuds back in my ears
and I press play on the movie
and almost instantly I started panicking about like,
I know I'm going to need to piss again
before this flight is up
and it's all I could think about.
Like, I just watched Colin Farrell
do his acting up on the screen
and Eddie Redman do his thing up on the screen
and the whole time I'm like,
I wish I could enjoy this beast capture movie
but the whole time it's just like,
when's that next piss going to come?
And sure enough, it did.
And I had to be like, I'm so sick.
One person was like building a model ship
on their fucking thing
and one of them was painting like an anime mech model
and I was like, I need you to put all the caps back
on your mini jars of acrylic paint
so I can go take my second piss in an hour.
Three deep in the window, dude.
Never again.
Shit.
Can we all just agree?
Can we agree from now on
if the person in the window seat gets up
to go to the bathroom,
everybody fucking mad had a tea party,
change places, scoot one seat over, rotate.
Oh shit, that's good.
If you have to get up to go to the bathroom,
then you've earned the aisle seat
because you've proven yourself
the bathroom user of the group.
I'm the worst.
I would be the worst person on like a red,
I would never want to be next to me on a red eye
because if I'm on a red eye flight,
I'm going to sleep.
That's a whole production.
One, I'm in the aisle
and then I'm full sensory deprivation chamber
wrapping myself in blankets,
mask on, noise canceling.
You're fucking 11 floating in the saltwater tank.
You are not getting, shit your pants.
You're not getting past me.
Shit your pants.
I'm in the upside down.
Fuck off.
No way.
I can't sleep on a plane.
So if you're next to me on a red light,
you'll just hear me occasionally go,
I hate this.
I hate this so much.
And enough airplane humor, I think.
What's the deal with the food?
Am I right?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's our airplane jokes.
Today I texted my partner to pick up cat litter
while she was out.
Only problem is I didn't text her.
I texted the service department at the dealership
where my car is being repaired.
There's a reason for this.
This is too long to read.
I may or may not have included several poop emojis.
They replied asking what brand.
Then after I tried to laugh it off with a low whoops,
they doubled down and said they would go get the cat litter
for me.
I haven't responded and I'm supposed to pick up my car
tomorrow and I'm terrified that they'll bring it up.
Or worse, maybe they did get the litter.
Should I say yes to their offer?
Should I just cut my losses and forget about my car?
Please help.
That's from Scooping Scat in St. Petersburg.
Wow.
That's a good car dealership.
That's a very, well, yeah, no, it's not.
Because they spent, what, $6 on this box of cat litter
and you come in to pick it up and then you bought it
for the rest of your life.
You continue to buy your $20,000 automobile.
This is a very small investment.
I'm surprised they don't do shit like this more often.
I never got a text from my Volkswagen dealership like,
hey, sorry, we lied to you and oops,
you're going to have to go through a bunch of stuff.
Can we bring you some hot dogs?
I would fucking, yeah, that'd be great actually.
Bring it on by.
If I relate to question asking this because,
because my thought if somebody was like,
no, we'll get it.
All I can think is like, okay, that's what you say.
But are you all just like sitting in like the repair bay
just fucking laughing your faces off at how stupid I am?
And I'm going to roll up and you're all,
you're going to be all smiles and you're going to hand me
my, you know, tidy cat or whatever.
But I'm going to like, what am I?
I'm going to say thank you and be grateful to you
while you just cackled about how dumb I was
to send you this text and like, I won't know
and you won't say and it'll be kind of weird.
But what if I show up and it's not there?
Do I be like, hey, where's my cat?
You can't roll up to any sort of car dealership
and be like, where's my cat litter?
It's like, this is a car dealership.
My cat's been holding her piss for 24 hours
just waiting for this.
My apartment reeks of piss and shit.
Where's my cat litter?
Like, this is a Mazda dealership.
I would be so worried that they would get the wrong,
even if it's the right brand,
they wouldn't get the exact right.
My babies are very particular
about their Dr. Elsley's cat attract
that they enjoy using and I really would not want to trust.
I can't find it in local stores, if you know what I mean.
I can't find it in the big box, some of the big boxes
because my babies are very particular about
where they do their thing.
Travis, please tell me what you do, Travis,
because I no longer want to continue talking about what I do
in a funny joke way.
The one thing I was hoping while I was talking about that
is fuck, I hope Travis has something to tell me
about cat litter because I am just mid-sentence
and I don't know how to finish it.
What do people put me in a sentence?
Well, the one thing, Trav, I really was hoping that you would-
Justin, imagine my relief.
I'm gonna get some more coffee.
Imagine my relief that my brother Travis was there
to help me out of the sentence I was in.
You're welcome.
You are welcome.
I was a few clauses in.
What was next, a preposition?
Alley-oop this ball for you.
Interjection?
I had no idea.
So happy that Travis is here to deliver me.
So please, I'm all ears, Travis.
Travis, I get the tiny cat, the one with the black lid
that is like multiple cat strength,
even though I only have the one pretty tiny cat
because, and I don't know why everyone doesn't do this,
I don't want to smell my cat's piss and shit.
So why wouldn't I get the one that's four times as powerful
at masking odors as the basic one?
Because your fucking cat lowers,
your cat lowers their bung a little bit too much
into that stuff and it just dissolves.
They are corroded.
What are you talking about?
I don't understand why everybody just doesn't get
nuclear waste for their cats to shit in
that the cat will essentially dissolve in
as soon as it looks or touches it.
What are you talking about?
I tried to do lavender scented once
and the cat was not fucking having it at all.
She was like, hey, this is my shit dirt.
What are you doing?
Do you think that I, a cat out in nature,
would just find some lavender sand?
Come on.
I'm gonna exercise my, I'm exercising my veto power
right now because I want to hear about
where Justin gets his fancy cat litter for his babies.
Take that, take that, rewind it back.
In 2014, I kickstarted a brand new kind of cat litter.
I'm still waiting.
It's not here yet, but they say it's very good for cats
and it helps them have lucid dreams.
Yeah, lucid dreaming litter.
See, this is why it's good sometimes
when Travis interrupts me because then I had time
to think of that very funny joke.
It wasn't, sorry, sorry listeners.
That one wasn't true.
You just got zinged by a joking J-Man, the jokester.
Jokes is back in the room.
He was actually in the corner the entire time.
He slipped in while Travis so rudely interrupted me
as he often does.
That's why I did it.
I covered for him.
Thanks, Jokes.
I have to say non-funny things for a couple minutes
so Jokes can have a sip of his coffee
and put his paper down and really just sit there
for a minute and think about,
and then he hands a note card to Justin
with kitty litter that facilitates lucid dreaming on it.
Justin's like, thank you, Jokes,
and Jokes just kind of nods and then leaves.
Jokes has been kind of a prima donna lately.
I think we've hit a certain level of notoriety
that Jokes feels like they can kind of push us around
a little bit, sort of like the Friends cast.
You know what I mean?
I'm not fucking stepping foot into the studio
for less than 20 Gs.
Can I read this Yahoo?
Yeah, please.
It's from Maddie Miller.
Thank you, Maddie.
It's from Yahoo!
Mancers user.
They are anonymous, but I'll call them.
Ross asks, am I allowed to hold dance classes
in the sewer?
I want to start teaching contemporary dance
and was wanting to teach it in an area that's private
so my students wouldn't feel embarrassed,
but I can't afford to rent a building
and thought the sewers would be a great place
to hold the classes at.
I just wanted to know if you are allowed to do it.
This isn't real.
There's no way, I'm sorry.
Sometimes people get a little rambunctious
on oath answers and they say things
that I don't think are true.
And to me, I think this is a joke.
There is one scenario in which this might be real, Justin.
This person-
Uh, teach you Ninja Turtles dance classes.
No, but also that.
But this person, they're thinking,
oh, would I hold these underground dance classes
and then maybe they watch that scene from Guys and Dolls.
Yes.
And would they have the craps game in the sewer
in the biggest fucking like pipe distribution-
Coolest sewer ever.
Yeah, and they're like,
underground dance classes underground, of course.
Let me hit you with three arguments.
Three arguments.
One is free real estate down there.
It's the sewers and you don't have to worry about it.
It's the sewers and you don't have to worry about it.
Can I go open up a manhole cover
and just go subterranean and like, I'm cool?
I'm cool down there, right?
Nobody's gonna, what are you doing?
Hey, what are you doing in the sewers?
It's like, it's the sewers.
It's the sewers, I'm just down here.
Am I not allowed to be down here?
It's just like a sidewalk underground.
It's the sewers.
Let me keep doing my dance class.
Number two, contemporary dance.
Justin, you're telling me the sewers is not a dope ass place.
You're telling me fucking Travis Wall
has not fucking choreographed a sewer-based dance.
You're out of your mind, of course he has.
Number three, all that tapping and shuffling
is gonna sound pretty good echoing down
those long, long sewer hallways, whatever those are called.
So I think maybe go fuck yourself.
Here's the thing, Justin.
Justin, Justin, you might not understand this,
but there are two things legally no one owns.
And that is the sky and the sewers.
Yes.
Nobody owns the sewers.
They've just always been there.
They've always been there.
Carrying our ship, carrying our ship from us,
waiting for me to do my cool dances in it.
So Justin, your rebuttal about how this is a fake joke, please.
Now that I think about it,
it would be pretty great to be doing all of my moves.
And then when the choreographer's like,
where did you learn steps like that?
I look at him all haughty and I'm like, the sewer?
That's where I got it, of course.
Now, I will say this.
You're doing your step ball change
and you ball change into a human turd.
End of dance, end of career.
This is not ideal.
This is not ideal.
Travis Wall would be like, why did you fall down?
And be like, Travis, I have a pretty good reason for this one.
Nigel, Nigel, Nigel, not Nigel Farage.
Nigel, Nigel, Nigel, Nigel Thornberry is like,
it was a good dance until you totally stepped on
and hacksaw ridged that turd,
that human turd all over the place.
And it was rough stuff.
It was really rough and tough.
Me, Nigel, and Paul.
I love your style.
I love your moves.
It does constantly look like you're on high alert
to step in human dookie.
Paul is like, I kind of like when you made the turd explode
by dancing, stepping on it really hard.
I kind of liked it.
It was very evocative.
It added to Travis's choreography.
I'm here for my audition.
Oh, good, come on in.
It's gonna be great, isn't it?
Yes, it's going to be very good.
The one thing is to help me get comfortable.
I was wondering if I could spread human feces
and McDonald's wrappers all over the floor of this place
so I can do the dancing good.
Because that's how I hit my marks.
Of course.
Of course, of course.
Why would you even ask?
This is dance.
That's my favorite scene in Center Stage, by the way.
Where they teach that class about how to hit your poop marks.
I've seen Center Stage way too many times in my life.
It doesn't sound like you actually have maybe at all.
Yeah, maybe not even once.
It's been a while.
I have a hard time remembering if there's a scene where they dance on turds or not.
It's in the director's cut.
I wouldn't Google that, folks.
That's gonna lead you down to dark rabbit holes.
Just leave that as a mystery for the ages.
Dark rabbit holes is another good place to teach dance.
Yeah, it's true.
Hey, rabbits, clear out.
Time to boogie.
I think, let's call it there.
Let's say that that's an entire episode of our podcast program.
Thank you so much for listening to it.
We very much appreciate you.
We always do.
Here's one we haven't asked about in a while.
If you enjoy our program and you would like to help other people enjoy it,
one of the best ways you can do that is go to iTunes and find our podcast
and leave us a rating and ideally a review if you enjoy the program
because a lot of podcast visibility is determined by that.
And a bunch of y'all have been kind enough to do that recently.
But if you have not done that, it would really be great if you would do that.
I'm just gonna tell a few recent people.
Ali P. said, fun show.
God Away Carson said, I didn't like it, but now I pay for it.
So I don't know what that is.
Ha Ha Zombies, good goose from some good boys.
A lot of great reviews in there.
If you could leave us one of those, that would just be the best.
Thank you so much.
I wanna thank John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
I say this every week, but it really is fucking super, super good.
I was listening to some non It's a Departure tracks off that album the other day
and it's just front to back, it's all bangers.
I wanna do a quick, we're on the maximumfun.org network.
I wanna do a quick plug for one of the shows on the network
that's been crushing it lately called We Got This,
where they try to settle a debate.
Very recently, you could hear Ted Leo talk about the best breakfast cereal
and Weird Al Yankovic talk about the best Money Python song.
Like come on.
I'm also on an episode, me and Ben Blacker talk about Batman or Superman.
I am team Superman and I get real ganged up on by Mr. Gagliardi and Mr. Blacker.
It is an unfair show for liars and cheats and swindlers.
But it's a great program, so go listen to We Got This.
If you wanna find all the shows that McElroy's work on,
we have a website called McElroyShows.com.
It also has our PO box, mailing addresses, email addresses.
And I also, I realized that with all those shows we do,
it might get a little confusing.
So I made a handy dandy weekly schedule of like release,
what day of the week shows come out on,
so you can tell people and direct them towards that,
if that might be helpful to you.
McElroyShows.com.
And let's see.
Oh, Jonah Ray is gonna be on the show.
You probably know him from a bunch of stuff, but mostly.
He has recently started the new Mystery Sense Theater 3000 reboot,
which is awesome.
And I have watched a bunch of episodes and thoroughly enjoy it.
So if you have questions for him,
we know that one of his topics is going to be zombies and zombie related questions.
We'll probably have additional topics that we will tweet about.
But if you're thinking about zombie related questions,
go ahead and email those in now.
And just put Jonah somewhere in the subject line.
What else?
Oh, oh, oh, and start getting in your questions
for the Austin live show in a month.
Yeah, so if you've got those questions,
start sending them in with Austin live show in the subject.
All right.
I'm gonna be doing this Thursday.
I'm gonna be at the Columbus Podcast Festival.
Doing, we're doing Still Buffering,
Court Appointed and Sawbones on Thursday at the Columbus Podcast Festival.
So come on out.
Come, just Google that and you'll find the place to buy a ticket.
Tickets are not bad.
They're like $10.
It's a two night event.
But if you, it's $10 for one night, $20 for two nights.
So come on out.
That's gonna be fun.
Do y'all want a final?
Yes.
Yes.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Morgan Davey.
Keep it wavy.
Morgan Davey.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, something's going wrong.
But we'll call them Charles.
Charles asks,
is there a clean version of tub thumping by Chumbawamba?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
They do say piss a lot in that one.
This has been my brother, my brother.
May kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
So the 2017 Max Fund Drive was a huge success.
Thank you so much to everyone who joined or upgraded during the drive
and to all of our amazing monthly members.
To celebrate, we're giving our $10 and higher monthly members
the chance to buy additional enamel pins with the profits
going to our friends at the Los Angeles Regional Food Bank.
What?
Yeah.
The sale runs April 26th through May 3rd,
and it's your last chance to get your hands on these sweet pins.
$10 monthly members should receive a link and a code in their email
on April 26th, so keep an eye on your inbox
and get your denim jacket ready.
For more information, visit maximumfund.org slash pins.
And thank you again.
