The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say hey I wanna, just say hey I wanna.
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother on brother mean advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother,
old thang zine Travis McElroy. Zip zoop, I'm future Griffin McElroy,
and I've got android tubes coming out of the whole wazoo.
Now, okay Griffin, we're recording this way in advance. Aren't you past Griffin?
Okay, we're recording this in 2019 when it comes out in 2020. I'm assuming
by the time, what is this like January 6th? Oops.
Oh, that was part of Griffin's robot parts. That was a phone call that was coming out
of my chest. I assume by 2020 when this one comes out I'm gonna have tubes.
Yeah. Gonna be tubing.
Tubes. I just wanna say something. This is the time of year. It's the magical time of year where
we brand the new year and set a tone for the whole year, and everyone knows 2019 was 20 Frankenstein
teen become the monster, but let me just say, hey, this is Travis saying, you guys, you may not
realize it, but I kinda won because I hard pitched 20 equine teen this year were getting a horse,
and let me check the books. Oh, yeah.
We got a horse named Worldwide Webster, so.
Yeah, I don't know how much monster morphing I'd really, if I'm being honest,
if I'm really debriefing. It's good to be honest with yourself. I feel like
I didn't, my wife got me a bidet for Christmas. That's as close as I got to becoming the monster,
and I do feel like in a way, you know, okay.
Creature from the brown lagoon, go on.
I'm gonna say it's just like becoming the monster, if you think about it, it's a wonderful life.
That fool didn't, there's no way that he had a bidet, that super nice guy in it. He did not
have a bidet. But Mr. Potter had eight bidets.
Mr. Potter garun fucking teed. His whole seat was a bidet.
His whole thing's a bidet. Guaranteed that guy had a bidet. So on that sliding scale
between Mr. Potter and George Bailey, I definitely moved away from George Bailey
when my lovely wife got me a bidet for Christmas.
See, I would say I definitely became the monster because I put on 120 pounds of muscle.
And I'm six foot seven now. So that part of it, for sure.
I mean, I got a genuine internet vampire blood transfusion that I did buy on Etsy.
Yeah, that's for sure. Hey Griffin, you look great. Very pale and sparkly.
Yeah, you know, and I'll have to take your fucking word for it, won't I?
No more mirrors. Can't see in the mirrors.
Can't see in the mirror. So I've put a lot of thought into 2020. What about you, Griffin?
You know, I've got, no, I've been making it up sort of for the last three minutes and 40 seconds.
Oh my God, really? I've been working on this list for four months. What about you, Justin?
Yeah, absolutely. I've been working on it.
I know you haven't, Justin, because you told us before we started recording, you forgot.
It didn't, not that I forget. We didn't plan on this being this episode until it was.
I've planned on it this whole time.
Okay, listen, listen, listen. We got 2010 was Zolo.
Right.
What did that mean?
Don't know.
Don't know.
Was it like a YOLO thing? It was 10 calendar years ago. No one can remember.
Correct. This will be our 10th anniversary. Maybe there's something there.
Now, I was thinking Zozo, but that's the that's the terrifying.
God, this is the 10th one of these we've done. Oh my God.
Now, what was 2011?
2011 was...
11th. Excuse me, this is the 11th one of these that we have done.
Holy shit. Okay, I have the wiki pulled up. Let's just blaze through.
Okay, go for it.
Zolo. That was less official. So this could be our official 10th year theme.
2011, 2000 in heaven, get right with Christ.
Okay, that's a good one.
Interesting start that we had there.
2012 was getting it in 20 does.
20 does, yes.
20 does, getting it in 20 does.
2013 was 2013, dig it up, get it out.
Yeah.
I should just be laughing at the dumb shit we said eight years ago, but here we are.
20 forward. That was a powerful one.
That was a good one. Move the chains.
2015, 2015, the con is on.
Follow that one.
You got to get the subtitles. It's so important for your years to have subtitles.
That's true.
Then we had 2016, building bridges, our biggest whiff.
Our biggest stupid loony.
Oh, that one.
2017, very powerful.
20 serpentine, keep them guessing, or zag on them if you prefer.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Then we had collaborate teen, stronger together.
That was a powerful year.
20, and then lastly, Frankenstein teen, become the monster.
Yes, which I nailed.
And I've seen a lot of buzz on the forums.
What will it be?
What variety printed a story about it?
What will it be?
New York Times printed a story about it.
They wrote it in a new chapter in the Bible.
And a lot of people have been guessing it's going to be just something about 2020,
see clearly, or 2020, a look back, or something like that.
That's basic. That's fucking basic.
We are not looking back.
The subtitle for this year needs to be whatever the opposite of looking back is,
which I guess is looking forward.
And I think we've done that one already.
So nevermind.
Look, can I pitch one?
And I've learned from the past.
I'm going to say my favorite one.
Travis, can I just say, you are juiced right now.
I'm excited.
Fewer good rhymes, I will say, for this year.
Well, teen, we had an abundance of riches.
Well, now stick with me here.
You're going to see where I'm going with this one.
But 20 bunny, hop to it.
All right.
So you know that's not good, but it's good to get like a-
Right, I'm trying to get the ball rolling.
You got to fire all the blanks out of the cartridge.
20 bunny, hop to it.
Yeah, yeah.
So that one's gone.
20 hunty, go get it.
Hunty, like you're hunting.
Well, this is interesting.
Maybe this is the year, and I like it.
You know my shit is like practical, get out there.
Like add a direction, an instruction
for our listeners to follow.
And I think let's all get into hunting this year.
Yeah, that's a weird energy.
That is a weird energy, but only for population control.
Let's be clear.
This is not big game hunting.
This is not, oh God, no, that's disgusting.
This is for food and for population control.
That's it.
We're talking about sewer pigs.
Yeah.
I want to hit you guys with one, okay?
Okay, we're not, who's writing these down?
Griffin, you have to write them down
since you didn't prepare as many as me and Travis did.
Or was that a bit?
Do I have to write down 20 bunny?
No, it's a thing.
No, 20 bunny's out.
Okay.
Make a shared document, please.
Oh my God, I didn't realize we were gonna get fucking-
This is our advice show, by the way.
And every year we pick a new year theme.
Welcome to your first episode
if you're just now listening, I'm sorry.
You should not, let's start with this one, honestly.
No, this is gonna set the tone for your whole year.
Work space, this is scratch paper of an episode.
Listen, let me hit you with this.
20 binti, living large.
20 binti, like a-
Like a venti.
Like a venti, 20 venti, living large.
Because it's 20.
20 venti, living large.
Huh, venti rhymes with 20.
20 venti, living large.
Well, hold on, you just said it and so you know it doesn't.
And you also, you keep saying venti.
20, yes, that's as close as we're gonna get.
Okay, okay, I feel like I should-
20 venti, living large.
That's not bad.
Can you play in it?
Can you just get on top of it for a second?
Take it around the track.
20 venti, don't be a drip.
Oh, that's not bad.
I'm gonna write that down.
Okay, really?
Weird, kind of a play on mine.
Yeah, I remixed it a little bit.
20 venti, don't talk to me before I've had my coffee.
That's fun too.
It's attainable at least.
Yeah.
We're just all not gonna talk to each other
until we've had our coffee.
Let's just not.
We need to be careful here.
Okay.
Because we are stumbling in the direction of just sort of a bad like slant rhyme.
Like 20 plenty can't be it, right?
Well, we went with Frankenstein Teen, Griffin.
Yeah, there's, listen, it's gonna be a slant rhyme, bud.
There's nothing else.
There's nothing that rhymes with 20?
No, nothing.
Well, can I, hunty did.
I'm just saying, hunty did.
Well, I can say a lot of different sounds.
Yeah.
That doesn't make them English words.
Well, look, I wanna now throw out the one that I think is a real contender.
Okay.
I'm really proud of that I wanna throw out here now right in the middle so it sticks.
20 honey down to bee'sness.
And now here's the thing about it.
It's about getting down to business, which is important.
And also.
Saving the bees.
Bees.
Yeah.
20 honey, H-U-N-N-Y.
20 honey.
Oh, wait, you're spelling it like a poo bear.
Yeah, 20 honey.
The poo spelling.
Yes, 20 honey down to bee'sness.
Down to bee'sness.
Travis, that's really good, bud.
I was starting to think that after 20 honey, hunty.
See, you've just kind of taken 20 hunty and sort of-
But I made it better.
Made it far more.
Because you gotta say it like this, 20 honey down to bee'sness.
I am, this is the best one so far, obviously.
And here, let me also just say, a lot of my choices were influenced.
A lot of this is to blame on Paul Sabourin.
Because Paul got us-
Paul.
He got us a gobo for our tours.
So that behind all of our tours this year, it said, become the monster.
And that was very exciting to me.
And we branded our tours a lot this way.
So this year I thought, well, it'll be a fun branding for our tours.
Because they will also be on the posters.
It'll be on the gobos behind us.
And I thought, you know what I like?
Bees.
And bee iconography.
There's no spelling of the word bee'sness that looks like fucking anything.
B-E-E-S dash N-E-S-S.
Already a plus.
Just an embarrassment of E's in this one.
20 honey down to bee'sness.
I don't think it's a type of phrase.
We can't make merch out of it.
Because this phrase can never be written down.
And must only be spoken.
Yeah, legibility is not its strong suit.
But if Travis is inventing words, I'm gonna, let me pitch this one.
20 bunty, just get on base.
20 bunny, bunty.
No, how about this?
20 bunty, just get on base.
May I just pop the bat out in front?
Get on this one for a second, Travis.
I'm gonna tweet, Travis, can you stop and play in the baseball diamond?
I am going to play in it.
I'm going to play by tweaking the subtitle a little bit.
Well, but can you just try mine?
Yes, but it's the same.
Okay, just get on base.
That sounds defeatist, if I may.
It sounds attainable, but go on.
Okay, 20 bunty, advance the runners.
Right, now this is, you're gonna sacrifice the out.
But you're gonna advance the runners.
You know, maybe you're getting someone home.
This is a motto where you say sacrifice yourself for the good of others.
Listen, yeah, yeah.
20 bunty, advance the runners.
20 bunty is probably more powerful than advance, yes.
20 bunty is probably, advance the runners is probably more, that is, okay.
That's the one to write down, Griffin, to chip into the tablet.
20 bunty, here's, okay.
I'm gonna have to lay down the law here.
And this is gonna be helpful for us moving forward,
because there's an infinite number of bad rhymes we can generate here.
The second word cannot have a hard T in it.
Because having to say 20 bunty is wild and impossible.
I like it, the way you said it, that made me very happy.
What about just 20 funny, maybe this year?
And that's a personal one, that's for us.
Maybe this year will be funny?
Yeah.
What about 20 funny, fill your life with laughter and love?
That one's so wholesome, that one is so, that sounds like it leered straight
from the Growing Beans theme song.
It sounds like, it's so attainable.
The idea of us having to say that a lot this year.
Say it one more time, Griffin.
20 funny, fill your life with laughter and love.
Now how is that more attainable than Advanced to Runners?
That seems the least attainable, that's so ephemeral.
But have you guys all said it yet?
Because it's 20 funny, fill your life with laughter and love.
So this is gonna be the, so when people come to see us,
it'll be for the fill your life with laughter and love tour.
Yes guys, are you hearing yourself?
You need to close your eyes and generate a stage,
and then flash that gobo up on it.
Okay.
Holy fucking shit.
Okay, how about this?
If we wanna go a little more attainable,
not more attainable, but maybe more concrete,
20 Penny, get rid of it.
Did you say pity or penny?
Penny, this is the year that we get rid of the penny.
20 Penny sent to heaven.
Sent to heaven is cool.
C-E-N-T, you say.
Yeah dude, that's cool.
Yeah, 20 Penny sent to heaven, or sent to hell.
But I like to think the penny's put in its work,
it gets to ascend to its great reward.
It used to be able to buy shit with it.
I don't think its irrelevance makes it.
There's a whole kind of candy named after
how you used to be able to spend it on it.
And an ante.
Yeah.
I don't think we have in our ability to get rid of-
The penny, a form of US currency.
What about 20 money?
Ben basically kept Hamilton on the $10 bill,
so he knows the people.
He used it up, everybody gets-
He burned it, he wasted it.
When he could've been sending pennies to hell.
Right.
20 money, get that paper.
Or here's an opportunity that this year,
and as far as I'm aware, only this year is gonna provide us,
unless we live to 30-30, which is-
Possible.
It's possible, is that it's the same.
Uh-huh.
So it could be just like 20-20, repeat.
No, it could be money-money, Papa wants it, Papa gets it.
Something along those lines.
Oh, okay.
Money-money, get that paper.
Honey-money, down to bee'sness.
Honey-
Okay, you seem to have perverted this fine idea.
So now we get business and bees both in there.
Honey-money, down to bee'sness.
I'll write that down, Travis, but I'm not loving it.
That's fine, that's fine.
That's fine.
Bunny-money, get some carrots.
It's important for you guys to get in this doc with me,
because seeing it all written down is-
Where is it, where's the link?
I've shared it, I've shared it, check your emails.
Oh, in the emails, okay.
The Network, Green Day Side Project,
the Network had one album called Money Money 2020.
Uh-huh.
Okay, did you just Google that just to make sure it was-
No, I remembered the name, I didn't remember the name of the album,
but I've heard somebody say Money Money 2020 before.
You've put 20 funny, fill your life with laughter and love,
in a special font and font size,
which feels unfair to 20 honey, down to bee'sness,
which I feel they're tied right now.
You're right, they are tied right now.
You're right, Travis.
I'm gonna give that one the special treatment as well,
so don't worry about a thing.
Well, you put it in Comic Sans and then you made it small.
Aww.
This is an abuse of power.
Now what if, what if, Griffin, may I?
What if it was honey funny, fill your life with laughter and bees?
It's interesting.
Huh, that's interesting, fill your bees with laughter and love.
Ooh, I like that too.
That's going somewhere.
Okay, so I think we're on funny honey.
Fill your bees with laughter, no.
Okay, we're spiraling.
I don't think you can just say no, Griffin.
I think you have to put it in there.
Okay, we need more content.
Right now we're trying to bake a pizza
and we have three ingredients and one of them is an eraser.
We need more ingredients in here to make this tasty pizza with.
Okay, has anybody ever said blinny as a short way of saying blender?
No.
No.
Okay, I resent.
I don't have anything at the moment.
All right.
Please, please return to me.
I cede my turn to the next contestant.
We open the floor to rhymezone.com.
Now, yes, I have turned to RhymeZone myself.
I see.
I too have been at RhymeZone for some time.
Now they do, it's interesting, blood money, bloody money.
No, that's nothing.
No, I don't think so.
How about 20 runny?
There's a word called intente
and it's a friendly understanding between political power.
So I'm gonna put that one right back in the toilet.
It climbed out of.
How about 20 Ginny?
It's your year, Jennifer.
Hey, this one's cool for Jennifer's.
It's targeted at Jennifer's, but like they'll love it, right?
Well, if we're going there about just like 20 Dougie.
That one doesn't rhyme and mine did.
No, 20 Ginny, you can hear that does it.
I mean, they both end in me, I guess.
There's a lot of things that RhymeZone is telling me
rhymes with 20 that, hey, RhymeZone,
fully fucking doesn't rhyme.
I think plenty and 20.
20 and plenty.
Nothing rhymes with the way humans say 20, right?
Now I've just put in honey and found things that rhyme with that.
One of the things is the knee.
So what about 20 the knee?
Where we all just focus on our knees and take care of it.
That one doesn't rhyme, Travis.
That one doesn't.
No, this is good.
20 the knee.
I'm dissociating, this is the pits.
Stop, listen, 20 the knee.
Lift with your back just this year.
And we're not doctors and you shouldn't listen to the shit we say,
but like maybe give the knees a break.
Your back's been living the fucking high life for too long.
I'm feeling very strongly about funny honey.
Fill your life with laughter and bees.
I am feeling good about 20 Palminteri chazes to the front.
Chazes to the front, party in the back.
Palminteri isn't even the close.
20 minty, freshen it up.
20 minty.
I'm trying to get in the place I was at when I said Frankenstein team
because it was the kind of outside the bun.
I think the place you're at was about 25 minutes in
and we just wanted to do anything else if memory serves.
And hey, let's just say we're there right now and we are only 20 minutes in.
So each year we're getting a little bit faster to this point.
Rhyme Zone has suggested that to rhyme with 20 is Allegheny.
How do we feel about that?
Or not?
No, listen, I'm not going to rely on this crutch of Rhyme Zone anymore.
Yeah.
20.
20.
Let's look at our options so far.
We may have a diamond in the rough.
Yeah.
Griffin, you've stopped writing them down, right?
Because the last one you have here is Down to Beesness.
No, Travis has added honey money down to Beesness.
Now he's writing funny honey, fill your-
Yeah, we know what the rest of the sentence is going to be.
So I don't need to continue reading that.
Funny honey, fill your life with laughter and bees.
Okay, now hold on.
I don't think it's good.
I don't think it's good.
Can I just say something?
I feel very strongly about funny honey.
But who's this knocking at the door?
It's 20 Bunty wondering where his place at the table is.
Well, 20 Bunty advanced the runners is pretty good.
It is pretty good.
Advance the bees with laughter and love.
I feel like we have gotten away from subtitling a year
and have entered a sort of fugue state of sounds.
And ideas and thoughts and colors
that aren't necessarily a coherent way of approaching a year.
People rely on us for direction.
But okay, funny honey, fill your life with laughter and bees
are two, I think, attainable goals.
Where do you find bees though, right?
At the bee store.
Okay, I'm not in a place in my life, Travis,
where I can just have some bees.
I'm barely holding it together myself.
Yeah, you're gonna need to set up an aviary.
This is true, but everyone knows you're gonna have to.
Listen, the bees aren't gonna save themselves.
I think we've all figured that out.
They certainly, if they are,
they're taking their sweet fucking time.
So we need to save the bees.
And you know what else they could save?
Laughter.
Okay, let's put bees in a box for just a second.
No, unless there's vents.
This, you know, it's dumb to have to say 22 times
if you think about it.
You're just repeating yourself.
Let me pitch this to you.
20, efficiency above all.
I like the message, but I hate also the message,
which is weird.
What about 20 twice, one more again?
20 twice.
20 twice is interesting.
20 twice, take a second.
20 twice, second chance.
20 twice, fill your life with laughter.
20 twice feels so nice.
Well, now that's just a rhyme
and not so much a followable kind of command.
20 twice, roll the dice.
Roll the dice.
What is the connection between this 20 twice,
second chances?
Or, 20 twice, roll the dice got such a baby response.
Because it means nothing.
There's no connection.
It just rhymes.
It means 2020.
Yeah, buddy, fucking slurp it down, dog.
What do you got?
What you got?
What are you fucking drinking though?
I bet it's hardy.
I bet it's hardy and rich, hardy fucking drink.
The iced coffee you left here.
Yeah, baby.
Thanks for that.
Yeah, you're welcome.
20 twice, sugar and spice.
Well, now you're just rhyming.
No, because sugar and spice are two different things.
20 twice, twice is nice.
We'll just, I'll try harder.
Well, but see, once again, twice is nice feels ephemeral.
20 twice, let's all be nice.
No.
20, okay.
We can't follow become the monster with let's now oops,
let's all be nice.
Okay, if we're gonna go 20 twice,
I think it needs to be like 20 twice a second look
or 20 twice second chances.
Not powerful.
Not powerful.
I think I don't Brooke with second chances anymore.
We all gotta get serious.
Okay, 20 twice, two for the money.
That doesn't mean anything.
I know, but you were saying bullshit
that didn't mean anything either and I laughed.
Sugar and spice is good.
But what does it mean?
It means in moderation be sweet.
Justin, I swear to God,
if you delete 20 funny,
fill your life with laughter and love.
I was actually highlighting it
because it's starting to come around.
Yeah, Justin, have you actually,
Justin, have you said it out loud?
No, say it.
Justin, say it.
20 funny, fill your life with laughter and love.
Yeah, that one's good.
20 funny, fill your life with laughter and love.
And the thing is, is it does what it says
right there on the box.
It's so valuable.
I'm imagining the merch now.
I'm imagining walking around
with a fucking jacket on it
and on the back it'd be like a cool tribal print.
But it also says 20 funny,
fill your life with laughter and love.
I think it's the first one
we've ever come up with
that actually in saying it
fills your life with laughter and love.
It does, it fulfills the goal right there
just by saying it out loud.
Can we please, I'll do, I promise 2021,
I'll bow out and you two can pick it
and I won't get a vote.
I am ready to relent.
I am ready to grant this
to 20 funny, fill your life with laughter.
I will too.
I can get through one time without saying it,
without laughing, I mean.
I also will say though,
if there's an underground contingent
that wants to always say funny honey,
fill your life with laughter and bees,
that's up to you.
I can't stop you from doing it.
That's like the fucking Weird Al version of our theme.
What you have to understand, Travis,
is that you have,
I don't want you to bastardize your art
because 20 honey down to bee'sness
is way better than that bullshit.
You have made a pale mockery
of 20 funny, fill your life with laughter and love.
20 honey down to bee'sness
is its own thing.
And if we're gonna have a shadow camp,
I feel like it's got,
I think 20 honey down to bee'sness.
I just feel, I just like the phrase bee'sness.
Oh, we all do, we all do.
Okay, you can also,
okay, so there it is.
It's settled.
20 funny, fill your life with laughter and love.
Head on over to mackleroymerch.com
and get your 20 funny,
fill your life with laughter and love.
Swag.
Hey, this is Griffin.
I'm gonna do these ads myself
because we recorded this one a long time ago
and didn't do the ads then.
So I'm gonna do them now
and you're gonna hear them later
because that's how time works.
Here's one for Stitch Fix.
They're the ones with the box of clothes
that they send to your house
and you try them on and you smell them,
you huff them deeply.
You have a personal stylist
that you answer a few questions
and then they will send you some clothes
that's gonna match your body
and your style and your fashions
and shipping and exchanges and returns
are always free
and the $20 styling fee is automatically applies
where it's anything you keep from your box.
It's a great little box, folks.
Not all boxes are full of fresh clothes.
A lot of boxes are gonna have styrofoam in it
or hey, here's a big box
and this box is just full of printer paper
and that's a bad box.
Nobody wants that.
This box has a fresh shirt in it
and it's from Stitch Fix.
Gonna be so good.
Get started today at stitchfix.com
slash my brother
and get an extra 25% off
when you keep everything in that box
at stitchfix.com slash my brother,
stitchfix.com slash my brother.
Speaking of boxes, a square is a flat box
and so here comes an ad for Squarespace.
It's a thing that you can use
to build a beautiful website
that it'll showcase your work
this freaking website will.
It will sell products and services of all kinds
this website will.
It will promote your physical business
or your fucking online business.
Anything is possible with Squarespace.
They have beautiful customizable templates
that you can chop and screw if you want
but they come out the box looking really fresh
because they're made by world-class designers.
Everything's optimized for mobile.
They have analytics, free and secure hosting
and nothing to patch or upgrade ever in your life.
So go to squarespace.com slash my brother
for a free trial
and when you're ready to launch
use the offer code my brother all one word
to save 10% off your first purchase
of a website or a domain.
Friendly Fire is a podcast about war movies
but it's so much more than that.
It's history
was just supposed to be another assignment
it's comedy
under no circumstances are you to engage the enemy
it's cinema studies
it's a hell of a combination
so subscribe and download Friendly Fire
on your podcatcher of choice
or at maximumfun.org
and also come see us at San Francisco Sketch Fest
on January 16th
you can get tickets at sfsketchfest.com
My spring semester of college
is coming up in about a month
I'm getting my textbooks
all right we'll get off your back about it
one of the textbooks is labeled as recommended
rather than required
should I buy the recommended textbook
or do most people manage just fine without it
you'll be okay
I would really appreciate your advice
happy new year
that's from Alexis Ganner Wisconsin
Alexis you have asked this question
of a man who in college
much to his shame and discredit
went to the radio station our dad worked at
and zero copied an entire biology textbook
to keep from having
and then returned it to the bookstore
nice
this is here
this is the kind of people
why would that be shameful
that's great
you know it's bad for somebody along the lines
getting ripped off
books are hard enough to write
without somebody photocopying them
here's the thing
and this is coming from a place
of absolutely no research or experience or knowledge
perfect perfect
but why are textbooks so dang dang expensive
that's great stuff
you know
fucking get it dude
it's like I could buy a book
I could go
go on
I can go to Barnes & Noble
right
there you go
and get a reference book
how much does it cost to get a trap
here's all the bugs
right here's a book
clear the aisle folks
it's a book about bugs
about bugs and what 30 bucks
trap 40 bucks
he's about to go off
he's about to nut
but then I go to the university bookstore
to get a book about bugs
and it's a hundred and eighty six dollars
and forty two cents
please hammer don't hurt him
are you telling me there's more bugs
in that university book
than in the book at Barnes & Noble
I don't think so
Justin that sound sucks shit
no that was the wrong one let me try again
thank you
that's not much
this is Seinfeld for bugs
can I go ahead and send Justin his award
for having the most low quality Seinfeld stinger
my man's working with some fucking like
one kilobyte
it sounds like you just opened a birthday card
about Seinfeld
and that's what played when you opened it
it is a fully lost audio codec file
it is so fucked up that file
that's the Seinfeld theme that aliens hear
when that finally reaches them
across the expansive space
yeah I got you guys
it's bad
you don't need this book though
what if it's a test
it's not gonna be a test though
hey have you guys ever thought about
dead post society
when they tear those pages out of that books
those kids are gotta be thinking like
I spent a hundred and fifty dollars on this book
it's fucking called privilege man
oh dang got it
um I
it's everything's online
the whole thing's on the internet
the whole thing is
if I google what are the bugs
it's just gonna it's gonna pop up
you don't need this optional book
it's optional
I once in college
it was like one of those government classes
you know poly psych class everyone has to take
and there was like probably 200 people in the class
and the professor got up
and started asking questions about the reading
and like the first five people he pointed to
like didn't do the reading
and he said did anybody do the reading
raise your hands if you did the reading
and nobody raised their hands
including myself if I'm being honest
and he just went fuck
and walked out of the room
at which point the TA then said
uh I guess classes cancelled
please do the reading before next class
and it was never mentioned again by the professor
didn't come up anymore
never asked any more questions about the reading
so did everybody in class simultaneously
pull out their skateboards
and grind out of the room
was this the next time he came and sat down
there were 30 whoopee cushions
he couldn't even get into the chair
maybe you shouldn't have accepted tenure
at cool university
that's the sound of grinding
well I think it was more just like
all the students were like
well you haven't ever asked questions
about the reading before
and let's be honest
we're like 19 yeah
and it's could
now here Travis McElroy 36
he's like god damn it
I wish I understood how you know
the government worked better
but when I was 19
I was too busy partying
sure how about a yahoo
yeah I love that
you know what I changed my mind
Alexis buy the book
don't read it now
but hold on to it for the next 17 years
then read it
because that's when you'll appreciate it
yes and but they will have discovered
so many new bugs
and also a lot of them bugs
ain't gonna be around anymore
just because of the planet
and also Timon and Pumba
this yahoo is sent in by Brian Donahue
thank you Brian
it's a yahoo answers user
Brandon who asks
what is the best way to smell good
after eating lunch
I smell pretty fresh
until I eat lunch
every time after I eat lunch in school
I think I smell like food
and I hate it
how can I solve this
also I'd like I also
I'd like some tips on how to stay fresh
the whole entire day
thank you for all of your answers
also I have these two adidas colognes
pulse and force
if any of you know about these colognes
I would like your opinion
on which one smells better
thanks
so Brandon's kind of looking for
an all-day sort of general scent strategy
mean with the the anchor being
he gets that lunch stink
that we all know and hate so much
yeah I mean first step
you're going to need some kind of like
let's say maybe vinyl suit
okay gloves
go just like full dexter on it
maybe even lay out some plastic sheeting
okay eat your lunch
because clearly however you're eating it
you're doing a very bad job
here's the problem
you can get a breaking bad hazmat suit
and wear that while you're eating lunch
but where that's more topical than dexter
yes thank you
how does the food get through
the decontamination layer
tubes
but your your osmosis is the problem
is your osmosis in the garlic
like once it's internal that's the day
well you could do a lot of uh you know
a lot of simp
like a lot of uh neutral foods
oh like what like what
Trav what's a neutral food
plain wheat thins
uh okay but think about this
if you only eat that
yeah
think of a food where someone said
oh that guy
oh he smells like wheat thins
like it's maybe worse
it's worse it's bad that's bad
somebody's gonna be like
somebody smells like a spicy puttanesca
and it's a strange human smell
but i don't hate it
if that's like that's tony
that's wheat thins tony
okay what is a neutral food
my man smells like a pantry over there
it's wild
plain uncooked pasta
oh just have a little crunchy diversion
yeah
some of us have become accustomed to that
well the question asker didn't
isn't worried about the visuals right
or the sound
only the scent
right the smell
it's not it's no it's no good
and also clearly pulse is better
pulse is better than force
yes
in any scenario
also adidas why are you naming your colognes
after like x-men powers
yeah
another good question for adidas
because neither pulse nor force
added to the list
neither pulse nor force conjure any kind of olfactory meaning to me
like
pulse pulse does for
pulse is like
i'm excrete i'm excreting something
in a steady rhythmic manner
oh okay i guess
which is how we all want to exude smell
it's pulsating sniff it
yeah that's where they're
you don't want a big spike of smell
you want a slow pulse of smell all day
which i think is what the question asker is looking for
i think
that
the school
shower
as a concept
is so it was antiquated when i was in school
yes
the fact that they were like go play baseball
and i was like i don't want to play baseball
but i'll do it for a for a good grade
for a Klondike bar
those are important to me
good grades and Klondike bars are both important to me
get nude and wet
no that one i'm not gonna do
i'm just gonna go be
i'm not going to effort very much at baseball
i'll split the difference
that's why i took individual dual sports
which included such sports as golf archery
i was a big ping pong fan
now let me say this
if they had just had the showers
available at school
at school anytime you needed to freshen up
i wouldn't have used them still back then
but nowadays like that idea resonates with me
these days i don't want to always shower
right when i wake up first thing in the morning
because i don't know what kind of stinky business
i'm going to get into that day
right
yeah now let me eat my let me eat my stinky fucking lunch
and then i'll go have a spritz
and then i'll go rinse off
it's also 20 funny
are you telling me
me that we don't have the technology to build a like a like a human washing machine
like a car wash for humans
that i don't need to get nude in
a coffin that should blast me
i'm just saying i should be able to fully clothed step into it
wait
soaks me then powerful dryers
okay
and i step out and i'm totally clean
including my clothes
because here's the thing Griffin
you eat a powerful stanky lunch right
you get clean
your clothes still smell like the food
that's possible that's possible
i do think that there is going to be a funny a 20 funny scenario
where like i go in there with a wool sweater
uh-huh
and then it blasts me
and then when i come out the sweater is all shrunk down
everybody sees my abs
yes
and that could be funny though
like it's not necessarily a bad thing
i think you know the risks when you go in there
and all your clothes get small
and you can step out and be like oh no i have tract disease
or something like funny punchline
something oh i got big you know
mint mint
mint like for your whole like for your whole body
just like a mint
well that's good for the mouth Justin
what about your face where the food rubbed on your hands
what about my arms and legs where the food rubbed on
because i did drop them
rub the mint
rub the mint all over the mint
yeah
all over you and is it too late for 20 rub the minty
that's good
yeah let me rub let me rub the mint all over my lap
so i get a good burn going on down there Justin
what
this is my this i'm using it now to bail out
not to freshen up the show
but to save myself
i want a munch
squad
i want to munch
squad
welcome to munch squad's podcast on the podcast
but the latest and greatest in brand eating
i want to thank Kendra for sending this one my way
my my my munch squad rangers
my munch squadron
what did what did their elf what did their elf i see
they're out there
they're getting a little bit local
shade grown
farm to podcast
munch squads
this is from a restaurant called
spangles
oh
oh spangles
and i think it's in Kansas
because this is from the the Wichita Eagle
this story
about spangles
it long ago past its 21st birthday
it turns 42 in January
but as of this week
it's now legal to drink
the chain is adding
99
i
this is such a fucking disaster
so okay
a little background
spangles looks like a sort of a burger
and chicken sandwich
kind of like a almost looks like a
checkers
or like a
carl's juniors
you know in that neck of the woods
you know maybe like a rallies
that kind of vibe right
that is checkers
you can't say it twice
okay
thank you
so the chain is adding 99 cent margaritas
and screwdrivers
to its menu on Friday
at a rest at its restaurant near 21st and Woodlawn
here's a quote from Dale Steven
who co-owns Spangle with his brother Craig
sound like fun guys
we're just gonna do
one store to work out the little training and kinks
after that we will implement it in all the stores
the impetus for drinks comes from increasing fast casual competitors that serve alcohol
this is another quote from Dale Steven
you can't go anywhere with your family that doesn't have alcohol
the steven's remedy to that is not to try to make a
he doesn't try to make a
a refuge
he's taken out if you can't beat him
join him kind of a brunch with this
more than that
if you can't beat them
vastly under sell them
and get them so fucking faded
that they don't know which way is up
and they eat three too many burgers
oh see that felt
oh see i was going to say
it felt a little more like
Dale was saying like
everyone i go i don't go anywhere with my family that doesn't have alcohol
yeah i couldn't go to my own restaurant
and it was shameful
but now i can
because you couldn't get a alcohol at fast food restaurants
except now you can
for 99
we're always trying to be unique
Steven says
there's just a whole list of things that we always try to be the first at
apparently this this checks off uh getting people fucking plowed
for no money
now
Spangles has done drive-thru business in the evenings
but not much dine-in business
quote it kind of leaves a lobby that could use some excitement
in the evenings all fast foods are relatively so
oh Steven i think things are about to get mighty exciting
dude get your ass to Spangles
we are getting fucked up tonight
yeah we're going to Spangles for Doug's bachelor party
holy shit Doug's gonna die
he thinks drinks could be a draw
quote it's a dine-in only product
no fucking shit Dale
Dale are you telling me you don't have the world's first drive-thru margarita window
that seems like a choice a choice idea
just cruise on through and get marked from the road
if it's the morning times treat yourself to a screwdriver
dig into your between the car seats
pull out enough money to buy three screwdrivers
it's party time
um this okay i i'm actually this is like different for us
but um um the quotes in this story get so wet and wild
i'm gonna share this
Griffin i'm gonna shoot this to your slack if you can
and will you just read the quotes and i'll read the story parts okay
this is how it's written down in the story
so like a call and response like we're in church
but this is how it's written in the story
okay he says
Spangles is known for its orange juice slush so screwdriver slush made sense
screwdrivers and margaritas including lime and strawberry ones with salt or sugar rims
are inexpensive and quick to make Stephen said
we have to be fast
there won't be beer or wine at this point
it's down the road
the margaritas will each be made with one and a half ounces of tequila
and the screwdrivers will have an ounce of vodka
it's delicious and it's got plenty of alcohol
he says that it's clear there's enough alcohol
the second you sip it
Stephen said the drinks will be served in
a heavy duty glass mug
it's going to be done right
that's the end of the story
Dale Stephen you're about to fucking bump off in that place
holy shit does this have alcohol in it
sip it
Hey guys, Spanglers is broken bad
sip it and you shall know the truth
please if you're near this area
please hit a wrist Spangles
and send us a picture of the smoking wreckage
when they start getting people plowed on 99 cent margaritas
god bless
it's delicious though
and it does got plenty of alcohol
approximately one and one half ounces
enough to sip it and know
at least the mugs are heavy duty
so that when they are thrown frequently
they will do tremendous ballistic damage
when they're tossed at your server
for not bringing the mustard fast enough
because you're fucking drunk
oh boy
and demanding mustard for a mustard magic trick
your buddy says he knows how to do
if only that fucking waitress would bring the fucking mustard already
this mustard trick is going to really quote
blow your ass apart
wow
oh boy
we want to be the first
first with margaritas
well
first to have an on-site murder
first Spangles location
that's also that's the kinks they're gonna work out
like hey so uh we're just gonna do it
in what we're calling our most expendable store
I feel bad for those people who are on the
the uh the the slab there
for the first time
hey boss
hey
we just got the menus printed
it says 99 cents
that can't be it right
this can't be right
hey boss
it's our first night of this promotion
I did want to ask
how many windows do you have
at your house kind of saved
to replace the windows here
because we're on our third window already
we just want to just
can we get some chicken wire up in front of the registers
can you just fucking like roadhouse
this entire establishment
that would be great
could you get us a chiller fleet
no not a refrigerator
somebody to cool out kind of when the fights happen
thanks y'all for for hanging out with us
uh welcome to 20 funny
uh we are so happy to
that you've stayed with us for
uh it'll be a decade this year
it'll be uh this April
will mark the 10th anniversary of my brother my brother me
as improbable
so wild
as that may be
so thank you for for your continued indulgence
uh I I also want to say
so as of recording this uh we have not had a baby yet
my wife and I
we bought a baby
it's a boy
by any day now that baby is going to be born
and that's probably going to chunk up the release schedule a little bit
and kind of I don't know
we might put up some live shows
or maybe a couple like best of
and I appreciate your understanding
as I try to reconfigure my life with two children instead of just one
hey here's the good news
it's impossible
oh cool
uh we uh are going to be coming to Cincinnati
well Travis will be in since
Travis won't be leaving Cincinnati
on February 19th and the 20th
that's uh my bim bam and the adventure zone respectively
uh we uh if you want to get tickets they're on sale now
you can go to mcelroy.family
click on tours
and uh buy tickets
please come see us in Cincinnati or in the area
we would very much appreciate you showing up
and being a part of that because it's gonna be fun
uh like Justin mentioned uh we put up new merch every
at the beginning of every month
so when you're hearing this there's probably some fun new merch
up at mcelroymerch.com
or you can get to it through mcelroy.family
thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters for these for a theme song
and set a departure off the album putting the days to bed
uh and also thank you to Maximum Fun for having us on the network
go to Maximum Fun dot open up up
one last thing real quick uh we are uh doing a board game version of the adventure zone
uh you can um uh go pre-order that at theadventurezonegame.com
you have what like 10 days now if I'm doing the math right
11 days something like that as you're listening to this
so uh don't sleep on that go pre-order that game
and also Griffin and I uh have relaunched our video game podcast
The Besties it's exclusively on Spotify
so head on over to Spotify and listen to it there
that's our video game podcast
thank you
I'm doing a CUS show Cincinnati Underground Society show here in Cincinnati
so go get those tickets if you haven't yet
uh and I'll tweet about it so you can find it there
uh and also as long as you're pre-ordering stuff
go to theadventurezonecomic.com and pre-order book three
Petals to the Metal uh which comes out in July
all right I'm gonna fill this shit with laughter and love
okay thanks Maximum Fun
you cut me off in the middle of it but they provide a great service
Emma Kant sent this one in it's from Yahoo Answers
thank you Emma it's Yahoo Answers user Jonathan who asks
How many Love Actually cast members can you name in 100 seconds and who are they?
Please time yourself
What is Justin McElroy?
I'm Travis McElroy
Keira Knightley?
I'm Griffin McElroy
I was gonna say Keira Knightley
It's been more Brother by Brother to Me
Thank you Brother by Brother to Me. Kiss your dad. Square on Bill Nighy.
Maximumfun.org
Comedy and culture
Artist owned
Audience supported
Hi I'm Allie Gertz
And I'm Julia Prescott
And we host Round Springfield
Round Springfield is a new Simpsons podcast that is Simpsons adjacent
in its topic we talk to Simpsons writers directors
voiceover actors you name it
about non-Simpsons things that they've done
because surprise they're all extremely talented
absolutely for example David X Cohen worked on the Simpsons
but then created a little show called Futurama
that's our very first episode
so tune in for stuff like that with Yardley Smith with Tim Long with different writers
and voice actors it's gonna be so much fun
and we are every other week on Maximumfun.org
or wherever you get your podcasts
