I've saved this tiny green apple to eat during the show.
The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how
cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
Cut a
hole in some sheets.
Cut holes in a sheet, candy an apple, bob it, and get ready.
It's H-time.
I don't think you can bob for an apple once it's been candied.
Yeah, they're super buoyant.
You push it down far enough it'll rock it through your ceiling.
I'm saying the rich caramelly exterior is going to wash right off once doused in water.
I feel like maybe we should put a limit on the amount of holes one is going to cut in
a sheet.
Just some holes.
What is it?
Three?
Four?
Twelve?
I think you've got to have two for the peepers and one for the penis.
That's my thing.
That is a spooky ghost.
You're going as a horny ghost.
Yeah.
They aren't all ghosts.
Yeah, because they can't.
Well, you know.
They have to watch everybody having sex.
This is My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show and Halloween prep show for the modern
era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
Do you think we should just start adding to that disclaimer, the advice show for the
modern era, and also a show about ghosts that love to fuck?
Because that's pretty much all we talk about anymore.
Can you imagine if we destroyed a horse and it turned into a ghost that loved to fuck?
That would be like what our whole show is.
Yeah.
Hey, by the way, if you haven't had your Halloween costume planned yet, there it is.
It's right there.
You're a dead ghost horny horse.
You'll be the only one at the party, I guarantee.
All you need is a friend who is a good sport.
Yeah.
Did you guys ever read that old comic strip, Casper the Overly Friendly Ghost?
I loved that one, until it got canceled, and thanks, McCarthy.
Thanks for nothing.
Do you guys have your costumes planned?
Yeah.
You know what you're doing.
Yeah.
I mean, this is our Halloween prep show.
This seems like the time to talk about it.
I'm going to go as Freezer Gaddafi.
I'm post-street murder, currently housed in a freezer while the people decide what
to do for my body.
My whole line is going to be, it's never been this chilly in Libya.
Yeah.
That's my line, I think.
That's your whole goof?
That's a pretty good line.
I made a Gaddafi goof.
Remember before, it's Libya, but it's chilly.
I made a Gaddafi goof yesterday, and somebody was like, whoa, man.
The shit's still, that wound is still fresh.
It's like, really?
Really?
Fuck that guy.
Him?
Fuck that guy.
Fuck that fool.
I hate him.
Fuck that guy.
I don't even know what he did, but I know I'm supposed to hate him, so there.
Yeah.
I think he wore outlandish shirts and terrorized an entire nation.
Okay.
Which is the less crime.
Both of those.
Stacey and Clinton.
Yeah, I don't know.
Hey, every so often, my wife or I will lend a small amount of money to a friend, usually
small, like $20.
The problem is that sometimes these different friends try to repay us in gifts instead of
hard cash money.
For example, they'll suggest buying me coffee or a bottle of wine to service the debt.
I've even had a friend add me to his Costco membership and then propose that it counts
as repayment.
These friends aren't in the poorhouse and have the cash on hand.
Should I take these alternative gifts graciously or be firm and require money?
That's from vexed in Vancouver.
Who needs an amount of money that is under $20?
If you just wait, you'll make $20.
Just chill out and somebody will give it to you.
Money is so boring.
Money is just...
It's great to get paper, but once you get that paper, it's just paper.
You can't do anything with it.
You're basically having your friends go out and buy you exciting things, like a Costco
membership.
It's not worth its weight in gold, but it's not that heavy.
The additional details of this, though, where he said the problem is that what they spend
the money on is not things he would normally spend money on.
That's not a problem.
That's an awesome.
That's the opposite of a problem.
Right.
A Costco membership is the sort of thing that you tell yourself you're going to get, but
no one really knows how to get them or what counter to go to.
You'll go there and you might ask the wrong person.
Then they're like, you're at a blockbuster.
What are you talking about?
They're like, blockbuster clothes.
What they should do is add all of his friends to the Costco membership and then demand that
whenever he loans them a trivial amount of cash like this, that they should repay him
in something from Costco, such as a four-pound bucket of gummy worms or something.
I got you this industrial-sized silly putty.
Hey, man, I hope you like Ferrero Rocher because here's a pyramid.
I heard you like crybabies.
I got you a bucket.
Chew on this.
Yeah, you know that candy that you haven't had in 13 years?
They've been-
Do you remember tearjerkers?
I got you some tearjerkers.
They've been stopped buying them at Costco.
Here's a whole barrel.
I really did have a bucket of... That's the one thing I've ever bought at Sam's, a bucket
of crybabies.
I used to be all about that.
I bought a bag at H-E-B last week.
Did you?
They're good for... Here's what a lot of people don't recognize.
They have such therapeutic qualities.
If you have a sore throat or you're stuffed up, pop a crybaby in there.
The sour will make it go away.
That's free advice from us to you.
Free advice from me.
Tea is for bitches.
Real nice, you crybabies.
I think that the problem with this whole situation that he's running into is I think it's different
if your friends say, would you rather have a bottle of wine or that $12 I owe you?
They're just going, I got you this wine to pay you back.
That wasn't the arrangement, bitch.
I hate buying wine though, so 100% of the time I'm going to go with the wine.
Yeah, but then it's an awesome game show friendship.
Yeah.
Oh, right.
You could have Wes behind door number one or you could take the cash.
This is great.
This is a great thing though.
I'm excited about this.
The cool play is to wait till your friend borrows money, pays you back with a bottle
of wine, and then the next time they hit you up for money, you give them that same bottle
of wine back.
I say, that's bartering.
Oh, I thought this was the economy we were in.
I thought we were in a wine economy.
What kind of relationship do these people have with their friends?
They're like, ah, man, I need $16.
Better go get Jerry.
I am not the town ATM.
They have money.
Why are they borrowing money from their friends?
Nobody needs six.
This is what I'm saying to you.
This is the bigger problem I have.
No one needs less than $20.
Nothing costs that.
Nothing costs less than $20.
Just stop going with your friends to the dollar store.
Right, like, hey, listen, I just parked outside your house, and the parking meter is going
to cost me like $8.
Can you hit me up?
You should have walked.
You shouldn't have driven.
Maybe a movie ticket, but even then, there's an argument.
But why would you go to the movies and not bring money?
That's an important question.
See, and I also kind of feel like if you pay for a ticket for your friends to the movie,
here's what I'm having a problem with.
Maybe this is just because I'm living, I'm in the 82%, so I'm living an affluent lifestyle,
but I kind of feel like anything under $20 is almost like a gift you're doing anyway.
I wouldn't think of that as like a, I did this nice thing for you because I gave you
$20.
I'd be like, oh, I got to do something nice and help you out and give you.
The way I look at it karmically is over all the times of my life that I've bummed money
off people for things, now I'm karmically paying that back by being like, no, I got
it.
Don't worry about it.
I got it.
See, in my head, I have a tiny bookkeeper with a green visor and one of those receipt
machines that just like the receipts fly into the air karmically, and I have a running
tally of exactly how much money everybody owes me all the time, and I'm not miserly
about it.
I don't want to go after those people, but Travis, you owe me $364.
I believe that.
Justin, you and I are totally even, which is nice, but I mean, all of my friends, like
Stu, Stu owes me $455, and I'm never going to forget about that.
Ever.
Ever.
Stu.
That's classic Stu though.
God forbid something happens to Stu and you never see that money.
Oh, I have already lost a lot of funds, unrecoverable funds.
Gaddafi I drew 20 spot.
Gaddafi?
That fool owed me $12.
$12 whole dollars.
He was like, Griffin.
He sent you a bottle of wine, and you're like, no Gaddafi.
Griffin, can I get a scarf?
It's so chilly in Libya.
Give me a $12 scarf.
And you're like.
Well, we were hitting up the bars on 36, and he was like, oh man, I left my wallet at home.
I was like, Gaddafi, I got you.
And I did got him.
And then you know what happened?
He went and got himself killed.
Thanks Gaddafi for nothing.
Yeah.
And all that full drink is buttery nipples.
Yep.
And so you know it's going to be a pricey night.
My serious advice to you is that you don't accept the money and you don't accept the
gifts and you make them live with that.
You make them live with that debt and you cash it in when you are ready.
Make everyone you know live in constant feeling of being indebted to you.
That's going to be a hard policy to reverse though, because they know that they can come
to you with a bottle of wine and you say, okay, we cool.
So the next time they come to you with a bottle of wine, it's going to be tough for you to
be like, nope.
No, I think you'd do exactly that.
Hey, I got you this bottle of wine.
No, no, that is not dollars.
I cannot spend that.
And you turn and walk away.
In this economy.
No, you got to go so hyper polite.
It's got to be like, no, no, no, I can't accept this.
It was a gift from me to you and then you just let make them live with it.
It's the most sort of hostile generosity you can muster.
If it's a small thing, if they're like, here's some, here's a can of Planner's Peanuts.
It was $2 at H-E-B. You can't be like, no, no, no.
That dollar, that money is a gift.
It's fucking peanuts.
You need to calm down.
What if you set up like a Godfather-esque kind of friendship economy where you're like,
no, no, no, but there will come a time when I will call on you for those Planner's Peanuts.
Hey, you know, Stu, I need you to fucking murder him.
It's like, dude, you gave me $13.
I'm not going to murder Stu for that.
Maybe they come to you, they say, hey, I know I owed you $10, but I got you this jar of
peanuts.
You turn it up and dump the peanuts out in front of them and say, with juice, it's $12.
I'll see you in a week.
You got to put the juice on.
That's the problem.
What peanut is that?
You got to put the juice on because a lot of people will loan you.
You got to get the juice on.
A lot of people will loan you.
You better go to Walgreens.
No juice.
You better buy me a can.
Buy me a can of emerald nuts with the chili lime sauce on them.
That damn will be cool.
Hold on real quick.
Just to clarify, Justin, you're saying that when you loan your friends a small amount
of money, you got to charge a really high interest, like a 150% loan?
Yes.
The smaller the amount, the more juice.
If you borrow $2, tomorrow you'll owe me $6.
If I loan someone a dollar and later they try to hand me a grubby piece of paper that
has one written on it, I will tear it in half in front of them.
What am I going to do with $1?
I'm not the sort of person that accepts $1 bills from people.
That's your department.
Have you noticed that?
I'm not the poor one.
You're the poor one.
What am I going to do with a dollar?
Do I look poor?
I'm rich as shit.
I'm the bank.
I've got dollars all over the place.
I thought you sneezed and needed something to blow your nose into.
Oh, this is a confetti in front of a shitty party.
That's the only thing I could do with this right now.
Give me a dollar, keep it.
If you are going to borrow money from a friend and you are going to pay them back with cold,
hard bills, make sure they're not grubby.
Make sure they're not dirty bills.
If they can't go through a soda machine, I'm not interested.
I'm not even talking about the relative crispness.
I'm talking about bills that look like you got it from a cashier and you're like, oh,
cool.
I'm going to keep this right in my butt.
I'm going to put this right between my cheeks and keep it there for a while.
Why did you put this bill in between your cheeks?
And then you give that bill to other people.
That's nature's wallet.
Cash is so gross.
If God didn't want us to put dollar bills in our butts, he would not have left a slot
there.
That's what I'm saying.
Don't talk about the change first.
Nature versus nurture.
Hey, that did not relate.
Nothing in that made sense.
I have a problem with a buddy of mine that I'm hoping you can help me with.
Travis used to be so good about pairing these questions down.
I meant to pair this down.
They're like epic poems now, but okay.
He and his wife gossip so much and I get uncomfortable when neither of our talk to them because of
it.
I was talking to him earlier today and out of nowhere, he brought up something very personal
that his wife had been told in confidence by a mutual friend of ours.
I'm going to talk about a little secret nobody expects that will be kept.
Neither of us have any business knowing it, and I know I'm not the only one he's told.
I've tried to say things like, I don't need to hear this, or that should probably be between
you and your wife and so and so, and he plays it off like it's okay if he's told me as long
as I don't tell anyone else.
I don't usually like being confrontational, but this is the type of thing that I should
be confrontational about.
I don't feel that I'd be out of line going up to his wife and telling her to keep her
mouth shut about these things, but I honestly feel like that wouldn't do any good.
How is someone supposed to handle gossips like my big mouth friend and his even bigger
mouth wife?
Too mad to think of a clever name in Iowa?
Unacceptable excuse, but we will answer your query.
I almost would like to say emergence theory, eventually this will take care of itself,
and all your friends will be like, oh, we shouldn't tell anything to Gossipy Jane and
her Gossipy husband, but really, in real life, people-
I don't know how it works.
Because people want to talk about their problems to whoever will listen.
I think you gotta-
Hence our show.
You gotta give them a lesson.
You gotta treat them to a lesson, like a hard-learned lesson.
Go around and tell everybody about your big mouth buddy, Mike, and you gotta say, oh yeah,
Mike, don't tell anyone, but he's got shingles all over his dick, and just tell it to everybody.
Tell it to every person that you know and see and encounter.
And then, when it gets back to Mike, he'll come to you and be like, hey Dave, what the
fuck?
And you say, now you know how gossip hurts, shingle dick.
I don't see this as a huge problem for you, provided that you don't give these people
any information.
Don't you want this information?
Don't you want to be Lord Varys, the master of whispers?
Don't you want to know all the secrets of the kingdom?
I don't see how, as long as your loose lips don't sink your specific ship, you want to
be able to trade in this information.
So you're saying that he becomes like a vault, just a well of information about everyone
they know.
Right, until that information becomes relevant or valuable to him.
I think the problem, though, is that sometimes you find out the wrong thing, and all of a
sudden you're just laden with this power.
You find out that such and such is cheating on so and so, and you're like, what do I do
with this?
Now I know this thing, and every time I look at them, I know this thing about them.
That can be destructive.
That can ruin a friendship.
And also, this person's going to have to live in fear of his friend's big mouth and his
friend's big mouth wife.
Every time he does something that he doesn't want other people to know about.
Like, oh yeah, he was at his in-laws house and he tooted and nobody heard it, but I know.
I know, and now you know.
Is it a serious enough offense that you could stop being friends with these people?
Because that's sort of where I'm at.
I don't think you could talk someone into being more trustworthy.
No.
I don't think you could say, it hurts my feelings when you're shitty because you're a shitty
person, so please stop it.
Hey, everything about you sucks.
Can you do something about that?
Yeah.
It just seems to me like if someone's sharing these very personal things with them and then
they're going around telling people, they are fundamentally missing the purpose of friendship
and trust.
Yeah.
I mean, it's hard to...
Yeah.
I mean, all you can do is sort of close yourself off to them and stop trusting them, which
is kind of what I was saying before.
You stop giving them your information, and what I would also tell you to do is encourage
other friends you know to stop giving them juice.
And if they ask, like, why aren't you as forthcoming as you used to be, you say, well because you're
fucking gossipy.
Yeah.
And that's sort of like cold, you know, I think it'll have a chilling effect that would
hopefully correct the problem.
And I would say to try to avoid, you know, too big a drama, don't tell your other friends
like, hey, they told me this thing about you.
Say that they're very gossipy about your other friends, just so that you aren't gossiping
about them to other people.
I don't know, guys.
I think you got to keep feeding the beast a little bit, because I feel like the second
you start starving these people like this, they're going to start making shit up.
And then, and then the shoe is really going to be on the other foot.
Are you saying feed them misinformation?
No, I'm saying feed them a little trivial stuff, like the time you tooted at your in-laws
house so that they don't like go around saying like, oh, yeah, Mike got feline AIDS.
Oh, secrecy.
Yeah.
I heard Mike got rickets.
Don't make them quit cold turkey.
Yeah.
You got to, you got to drop them off a little bit.
I don't know why it's got to be some obscure venereal disease that you've got, but that
seems to be like the kind of like the worst kind of information to trade in.
My fingers smell like chlorine.
Don't tell anybody.
You promised.
My socks don't match.
Keep that to yourself.
Do you guys want a Yahoo answer?
Yes, please.
I guess.
I have a few.
This one was sent in by Diego Garcia.
Thank you, Diego.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Lewis, who asks, I have a 20 gauge shotgun and need a nickname
for her.
Don't say Betty Lou or old Yeller.
How about shooty?
Okay.
That's very direct.
Shoot gun.
Shoot gun.
Very literal.
Yeah.
Gunny Gunnarsson.
A very literal name.
You're doing good.
You're so far.
Okay.
Yeah.
What about Gaddafi Slayer?
Whoa.
This is the one.
Okay.
This is the one that brought him down, brought down the big dog.
Yeah.
I went over to Texas and I grabbed him by his stupid collar and I said, listen, Gaddafi,
get out of town.
Get out of here.
Pulled him out of his trailer home.
Punched his mail ticket.
Can't hide in Texas, Gaddafi.
Get out of here.
And he looked incredibly white.
Yeah.
That was weird.
And he was a woman, which was weird.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, what about shoot caliber?
Okay.
It's like a medieval thing going on.
Can we call it operation Iraqi freedom?
You can.
You can.
Maybe.
I like that patriotic angle.
The glittering Eagle.
It's gotta be something.
It's gotta be something patriotic.
Right?
It can't be a shotgun, it can't be something like, I like the idea of a girl's name, but
that seems more applicable to like an old automobile.
Yeah.
Or a pistol.
What if you named it Top Gun?
What about red, white, and boom?
Cause that's very, very, your pride is there.
These colors don't fun because-
These colors don't gun?
I'm sorry, Griffin.
Ah, fuck me.
Shit.
Um, how about the only friend I'll ever need?
Uh, what about, uh, second, second amendmenty?
It's kind of a classic personification.
The right to bear harms?
How about Betty Lou?
Damn it.
No, you did a bad job.
Did a bad job.
Hmm.
How about Dracula?
No, this is, okay, this is a vein we need to explore because your gun's name should be
scary.
This is my gun, Wolfman.
This is my gun, Dracula.
This is my gun, The Mummy, starring Brendan Fraser.
How far out of the Universal Monsters over can we go with these gun names?
I mean, can it be the creature from the Black Lagoon, the gun?
I think so.
The creature from the Black Lagoon.
Okay.
Hey, what about Tim Gunn?
That's good and butch.
Yeah, I like that.
Maybe Hot Shots, Hot Shots Part 2.
Maybe.
Okay.
This is my gun, Charlie Sheen.
Charlie Sheen, the gun.
This is my gun, shooting.
Um.
It's my Charlie Sheen impression, everybody.
Oh.
If it's told, I couldn't bust it out.
What about two and a half barrels?
That's not bad.
But it doesn't make sense.
There's only two barrels.
You got to put another half barrel on there.
You got to put a tinier barrel.
So here's some of the suggestions that Yahoo has provided.
Big Mama.
Okay.
No, that's good.
It's got a nice.
Sure.
I guess.
It's got a nice.
Is there another?
Is there a...
What was the Big Mama's house?
Big Mama's gun.
Big Mama's gun.
That's good.
Norbert.
Norbert, the gun.
The wife.
Old Blue, the Terminator.
The apple corer.
Now hold on real quick.
Okay.
Brother said not Old Yeller.
Yeah.
And so other dudes just went for a different color.
Shiloh.
Greeny.
Um.
Something for an old dog that's near death.
What?
It's a good dog name.
It's a good gun name.
Oh, okay.
I thought you were saying that was the name of the gun.
It's for an old dog that's near death.
Trust me.
No.
No.
Um.
Stacy or Jeff.
Mrs. Bangbang.
Baby sister.
Baby sister.
Irene.
Grace.
I call mine the 20 gauge.
The shotgun is yet to complain about it.
Okay.
Wait.
What?
Hold on.
So you didn't come up with the name.
Is that what he means?
He just calls it what the gun is.
Okay.
And the shotgun hasn't protested so far.
Um.
Vern.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Blood first, then a name.
A gun earns its name when you make your first kill with it.
Oh no.
This is, this is my gun.
Accidental family tragedy.
I really wish I'd named it before.
This is my gun.
Take that uppity bus driver.
This is my gun.
Nirvana ruiner.
Oh no, oh no.
I'm tapping out of this.
Hey, mbnbm, is it weird for a straight guy to paint his fingernails?
I've been thinking about this for a while and I would really like to paint my fingernails
a color like blue, but I'm not sure how socially acceptable this would be.
I also wonder what girls think if they saw this and they don't already know me.
What do you guys think inquisitive in Illinois?
Real quick.
I want to clarify something about this question that I know to be true.
Whether it's weird or not has nothing to do if you are a straight guy or a gay guy.
Yeah.
That's a, yeah.
That's a misconception that I find very funny.
Like if this was a gay guy doing it, it would be totally cool.
Yeah.
I don't think the gay thing enters into it.
Like I don't think, I mean, obviously there's a, it's a gender identity issue, but I wouldn't
think it would be any more or less socially acceptable for a straight or a gay guy.
I don't think it would matter really.
Did we get this because we talked about nail care last week?
God, I never thought when we started this show that this would be, this would be one
of our frequent subjects.
I think, I mean, if you're asking the question, I typically think that if you have to ask
if something's socially unacceptable, it probably is.
Yeah.
Like yes, obviously it's socially unacceptable.
It's not a thing that people do, but that shouldn't stop you from doing it, you know?
Listen, you doing it isn't going to kill somebody.
It's not like the end of the world.
You do it and you want to do it, then do it.
But yeah, you're going to get some weird looks and people are going to give you shit about
it.
Like, because it is weird.
But if you want to, it's, isn't that sort of like, isn't it sort of like the, what was
it we were talking about where if, if you are the sort of person that-
Yeah, we were talking about manicures and hats.
Yeah.
Like if you're the sort of person that can pull that off, that's your style, don't let
it keep you from it, but you know, things like, oh, like take Penn Jillette, for example.
Yeah, that's exactly what I was going to say.
Penn Jillette is a cool guy and he's, you know, he's rock and roll, manly.
You know, I don't think he's, he is somebody you could accuse of being unhip and he rocks
some nail polish on there.
Now, I don't know who that is, but I just assume that it's somebody who's, is it somebody
who's like Trace Angel?
You know, you know Penn Jillette is.
Is that like Criss Angel?
No, it's like, like Penn of Penn and Teller?
Not.
Are you serious?
I'm not familiar.
I know who Criss Angel is, is it somebody like, cause he also paints his nails.
They, no, they, they do the magic goofs.
Like, oh, kind of like Criss Angel, you mean?
They're basically like Criss Angel, okay?
Yes.
Yes, perfect.
Criss Angel.
They're like a fat and silent Criss Angel.
You're telling me that it's like people who do magic tricks and illusions and acts of
misdirection.
Mm-hmm.
Prestidigitation.
Prestidigitation.
Ledger mane and their nails are painted.
So I mean, if it walks like a Criss Angel and wears, wears big black pants like a Criss
Angel, then it's probably a Criss Angel.
If I see somebody floating above the Luxor, I've got to assume that's Criss Angel.
Yeah.
So what you're saying is, yes, he can paint his fingernails as long as he engages in prestidigitation.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
I think, no, I think what he's saying is if he paints his nails and engages in prestidigitation,
he is, by all rights and purposes, he should be able to walk into any bank.
And so I would like to withdraw the $37.
Can I see two forms of identification?
Sure.
Check out these nails and this awesome card trick.
Check out these, check out these nails and I'm wearing your watch.
Let me get a couple hundo.
Just take it out of the Criss Angel account.
Check out the one labeled fun money.
Sir, this is a Bank of America in Des Moines.
You do not have fungible assets here.
Oh, don't I?
Check it.
Holy shit, where'd all this money come from?
Criss Angel.
It's in my hands and it has your face on it.
Mind freak.
I've ruined $100.
Holy shit.
I think maybe Criss Angel just robbed this bank.
Either Criss Angel robbed the bank or he just ruined a hundred dollar bill of his.
I don't think he has those to lose.
Should we call the cops?
I, let me, just let me think for a second.
My mind is still freaked right now.
Just give me a second.
I'm reeling.
I gotta unfreak it up here.
Is anybody enough mind freaks still in the air?
It's gotta be.
We all think about Criss Angel in the context of mind freak, but what we rarely think about
is that Criss Angel is a real person who has to go to Whole Foods and he buys kale.
Like this is something, this is a real person that does these things, right?
He's not just magicking all the time or maybe he is.
Wouldn't you like to think that he is like even at home and no one's around, like all
of a sudden the coffee's in the glass and he's like, sigh, mind freaked.
My problem with mind freak is that it, it, it's unfairly, it's unfairly watchable because
it's constantly taunting you with the possibility that you'll see Criss Angel killed before
your eyes.
It's like an irresistible ratings bait, I think, and it's not fair and I think they
do have to deliver on it eventually, at least an amputation.
Like today I'm going to set myself ablaze while a man shoots a revolver at me.
Like oh man, clear the Tivo, here we go.
What if Criss, Criss Angel really just one day like wanted to cash it all in, like he
just gave up and so he filmed it and it was like, oh what an awesome trick, oh he's not
moving.
Yeah.
Today I'm going to drink lava.
Hey Criss?
Criss?
Criss, I wouldn't advise that.
Criss, I wouldn't advise that.
Um, maybe you should cancel this one.
He, I'm looking at pictures of him right now and I cannot fucking handle his whole style.
His whole, yeah.
There's a thing on, there's a thing on, okay if you go to A&E TV right now, there is an
ad for the show and the tagline of this like I think it's a maybe a trivia question or
an interactive game and it, the question is will you save or kill Criss Angel?
The game is called Kill Criss Angel.
Okay.
Like they know what they're doing with this and they, they're playing off our desire to
see him die.
Hey world, if you see Criss Angel, give him a hug.
Just tell him like it's okay and that it's going to be alright and maybe you know he
just wants to hang out.
Maybe just buy Criss Angel a beer.
We could save Criss Angel's life today.
I would, I would like to try to reach out to Criss Angel and say it's not that there
are many people I'd like to watch die on TV but you, you are the only one that keeps taunting
me with the possibility and that's the only reason I'm so hungry for your death.
Like the first season on that show started out as real magic, right?
And now it's just like fucking bear baiting.
Like it's, it's waiting to watch Criss Angel die.
Did you see the bear baiting episode?
I thought that it was going to gobble him up for sure.
All I hope is that Criss Angel when he like does do something like drink lava, I just
hope that his last words are like mind free.
And now the mind that is freaked is my own.
I have freaked my own mind.
And now it's time to mind freak Jesus.
May flights of angels freak thee mind to thine rest.
Alright Criss, I gotta go through the book here and look at all of your life's sins and
accomplishments and what?
You're already inside the game!
Hey St. Peter, I'm wearing your watch.
Oh, mind freak.
You know, this is a, when I worked at Best Buy, um, there was a day when I swore Criss
Angel came into our store and like walked around and bought some CDs and I'm like on
the radio going, I swear to God Criss Angel is here.
It's Criss Angel.
But it wasn't Criss Angel.
It turned out to be the lead singer of Hinder.
He just had that look like I'm somebody terrible.
That's why lead singer of Hinder bought his own CD.
You don't know me, but I'm the worst.
I got a vibe from that guy like I wanted to see him die on TV.
Was that Criss Angel?
Nah, that was Hinder.
Mr. Hinder.
Griffin, if I'm ever going to buy CDs at Travis' Best Buy, then I'm going to need a trip to
the Money Zone.
I don't own that Best Buy, just to clarify, it's not my Best Buy.
First up to Glenna from Patrick, Griffin, what's the message?
Patrick would like to wish Glenna a very happy anniversary.
She is his best friend and you know what, his beautiful wife.
Congratulations Glenna on both of those achievements.
It's their 10th anniversary on October 27th.
They've been married for 10 wonderful years and he knows that they will have many more
to come.
A song from Griffin would be awesome, but I understand if it's not possible.
I mean I can try.
Sugar, sugar, how you get so fly?
Amber is the color of your energy.
Glenna is your wife and will remain to be.
Hey, Tyler, you don't get a song, but Chelsea and Trevor Woodburn want to wish you a very,
very happy 31st birthday.
Ooh, the big 31, Justin, you're coming up on that one, right?
Yeah, yeah, it's not a very special one.
Just that march, march to the old grave room, me and Tyler, arm in arm.
When your burden becomes too heavy, I will help you carry it.
I will carry that burden with you and I want you to know that I'm here for you.
Like a bridge over old ass troubled water.
What if instead of celebrating your 31st birthday, you celebrated the 10 year anniversary of
your 21st birthday?
Oh, that's fun.
That sounds really great, Cheryl, from accounting.
Hey, this next one, guys, let's take a step back because this one's all about Joseph.
Travis, give me the pitch.
Well, here's the deal, ladies.
Hey, ladies.
His name is Joseph Buchanan, or JJ.
He's 20, but he's turning 21 on the 29th of October.
He moved from Wichita, Kansas to Lawton, OK, to manage a subway while I go to college.
While you go to college?
I jump 10 sits.
Hey, Joseph, would you mind just working at this?
Would you be a sandwich engineer for me while I do my four year?
Can you work at Subway while I go to college for us?
Thanks.
He enjoys reading, playing video games, and you can contact him by searching on Facebook
for Joseph James Buchanan.
This is a stand up young man, and I feel like he's got, I mean, he's almost 21 so he can
buy you booze.
And he's getting himself a college degree, ladies, and a degree in sandwich engineering.
That's gonna be a cool guy.
I'm looking at this profile right now.
He's got some great interests, like some great films, 300, Anchorman, Dune, he's there for
you.
Mythbusters, Scrubs, he's into it.
I'm looking at a picture of him doing, he's benching like 400, and then here's a picture
of him, and it looks like he's been making love for like a really long time, so he looks
really competent in that department.
It looks like he's been doing it like really good, too.
He's been doing it like super good, because like she is high-fiving him, and there's a
clock on the wall that's like a timer, like a stopwatch, and it says 35.
So they've been at least doing it for 35 minutes in this good manner.
Now, Griffin, you're going into the realm of fantasy, like impossibility.
So ladies, get at him, Joseph James Buchanan.
If you want to get onto the money zone, our Jumbotron where we focus in on one of our
very special listeners, go to MaximumFun.org.org.
And you can do that, and if you're a business that you want us to highlight, Griffin will
write a professional-style jingle for you and sing it.
I want to thank Joseph for being so brave as to be our first personal ad.
I know.
Ladies, please don't let us down.
Get at him.
Please get him some.
Please get at him.
Recently, an ex-boyfriend of mine has moved back to town.
We get along.
We don't really gel as friends.
The problem is, he gets along really well with my older sister of one year.
They hang out together often, which makes me jealous in a he-was-mine-first kind of
way, which was somewhat juvenile.
It makes me feel silly, as without her influence, I feel no need to pursue him.
Do you know if it's possible to overcome this jealousy?
And if so, please share this wisdom childishly covetous."
Oh, the heart, right?
The heart.
That's the trickiest muscle.
Tangled web of tissue and blood and bones.
That's the heart.
Well, it sounds like it's a heart freak.
Sounds like somebody's trying to heart-freak you.
I mean, this dude knows what he's doing.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he does.
Yeah, he's like the Criss Angel of hearts.
Nice to meet you, my name's Tom Jones.
Criss Angel of hearts.
That's my name tag.
He knows that he's doing it, and I think, I don't know, your sister might not have intentions
like that, but you gotta talk to your sister, I think.
I don't think this is such a ridiculous thing.
If one of you two is hanging out with an ex-girlfriend of mine, just like bro-ing out, I would say
something to you.
It would be weird, yeah.
It would be weird.
It wouldn't necessarily, I don't think it would upset me in a way where I'd be jealous
in any way, but it would be so weird that it would be off-putting for me.
Yeah, and I think that that's, sometimes the heart's stupid, and I think your heart may
be mixing up the fact that it's weird with making you feel like you want him.
Your heart doesn't want him and doesn't want to be back with him, and in your head I can
hear you saying that, like you recognize that.
What's happening is the weirdness and the hurt of your sister doing that is making you
jealous.
I think more specifically, you're a little hurt that your sister is doing this more than
you are jealous of their relationship.
And I think if nothing else, just talking to your sister about it just to clarify the
situation because your sister might say like, oh, it's being nice because it's your ex-boyfriend,
but finding out what's going on will at least help you clarify how you're feeling about
the situation.
You're on some tricky territory here because I think your focus is off a little bit, and
your focus needs to be, this is a thing that's happening that could upset your relationship
with your sister, which is so, so, so much more important than you being uncomfortable
with your ex-boyfriend being back in town.
I'm willing to bet that if he told your sister, she would say, oh, I didn't realize it was
bothering you.
Cool.
Yeah.
Like, I won't hang out with him anymore.
Yeah.
It won't be that important to her.
Yeah.
Family first, you know?
Family first.
Blood before wine.
Sure.
What?
What?
That's what Dracula says.
This Yahoo is sent in by Dracula, who is also known as Matt Labelle.
Thank you, Matt.
Matt Labelle is Dracula?
Yeah, I know.
I knew it.
Son of a plastic Matt.
Next by Yahoo answers user Bobby, who asks, Mac freak.
Who asks, is it offensive to dress up as a giant penis with a pair of boobs to answer
the door for trick-or-treaters?
I am planning on donning a giant penis costume complete with plastic boobs and a plastic
butt piece.
If I answer the door for trick-or-treaters, would parents be offended?
I mean, it's not like people have to ring my doorbell, and it is my house.
Is it violating anyone's rights?
I mean, maybe it would be better if I didn't answer the door.
Okay, wait, wait, wait.
So you just sit in your apartment alone dressed up like a boob dick?
Drinking.
Boob dick with butt piece.
Why does it...
What?
What's your theme?
What's the overall palette of this costume?
Why does the dick have boobs?
I don't understand.
I'm going to be Freezer Gaddafi.
Oh, me?
I'm going to be a ghost.
I'm going to be a boob dick complete with plastic butt piece.
You know, I'm not doing just one.
I decided I would go for the full Monty, the full Nightmare Monty.
Yeah.
You know, if you pulled down Prince's pants, that's what you would see, right?
Pardon me.
The artist formerly known as Prince, you have boobs and a butt on your penis.
You have an anatomically correct penis.
It's like you have a sexy lady as your penis.
Yeah.
What's going on down there, Prince?
Does that even...
Does it work?
It does.
It does. You know the only thing that comes out of it?
Purple rain.
Purple rain.
God damn.
Oh, no.
That's the end of the show, folks.
How...
77 good episodes.
This...
How...
I think that the kids, even the six-year-old that comes to your door and opens it is going
to be more confused than upset.
They may not even make the connection that you're supposed to be a penis.
What do you...
You're like a naked woman wearing a mushroom on your head.
I don't...
Are you naked Susan Powder?
Like what?
Here's the thing.
I'm willing to bet that if you're the type of guy that sits around and thinks about this
question, people aren't going to be ringing your doorbell.
They know that guy's house.
Yeah.
I'm trying...
Can we...
But he does give away full-size candy bars and that's the trade-off.
Can we get a vagina on this costume and you can be like Bacchus, God of Sex.
I am everything.
It's easy.
You just put it over the mouth hole.
No.
What do you want?
No.
What are you in the mood for?
Is that a...
Because I got it all.
Does that boob butt penis have a Van Dyke?
No.
I can understand your confusion.
Is that a Hitler mustache?
It is not.
It is not.
It is a...
What if you just did the vagina as a hand puppet?
Christ.
How good would the candy bar have to be before you...
If some dad...
It's a king-size payday, so I'm not certain because it's king-size, but it's payday.
Did you go to that house?
There's a guy dressed up in there like Princess Genitalia, but here's the thing.
Whatchamacallit, he is giving away rolls of quarters.
It's like 10 bucks a quarters.
Listen, that house, there is a man dressed up like all the genitalia, and he's only
giving out bit of honeys, so let's just make it clear.
That might be a crime, actually.
That may be against the law.
I saw his dick, boobs, butt, and vagina, and I got some Necco wafers, so the crime did
not fit the punchline.
You know what?
I always say that if he's gonna do it, he embraces it, and he sits on a lawn chair on
the porch.
Yeah.
Let him know what they're...
Yeah.
Getting into.
And wave.
This man talks a big game, but I have to believe that if a child came to his house and opened
the door, he wouldn't just open it dressed up as all the genitalia and then be like,
sup!
Hey!
I'm embarrassed.
What are you?
Oh, you're a Ninja Turtle.
You'll know what I am later.
Daddy's gonna take you home and give you the worst talk of your entire life that anyone's
ever received.
That may be...
To explain that constitute a child, it may constitute child abuse.
I'm not...
I can't say for sure.
Well, honey, this was a great Halloween, but now for your own good, I have to murder you.
Yeah.
Eight years later, that child is gonna be a senior in high school, it's gonna be the
night of his senior prom, he's gonna pull down his girlfriend's thing, and then be like,
hmm, this isn't how I know it to be.
This isn't how I learned it.
Maybe it's a diagram costume.
It's like slim good body, you know, it's slim bad body.
Just shows you all the bad things.
Hey, where's your boob dick?
This isn't...
This is...
I don't even know what to...
What the hell?
What's this bait and switch?
This is just like a normal vagina.
You only got the one.
I need all four.
I can't finish.
I can't...
Save me, Prince.
Save me, Prince.
The only girl for me is Prince.
I recently met a girl in a bookstore.
She works there, and I really liked her, so next time I went there, I asked her out.
She said she can't, but I can always come by for tea at the bookstore, which is also
a tea shop.
I'm pretty sure that means she has a boyfriend.
She was very nice, and then every time I go there, we end up talking for a few minutes.
Should I go and ask her for that tea, or just move away from this city, Mitch in Romania?
Did you say Mitch or Dracul?
Well, Dracul, here's the deal.
I don't know if she has a boyfriend or not, but she doesn't want to have that tea with
you.
I was reading in a book, and I forget the name of the book, the title escapes me, but
it's a book about etiquette, and in that book, they introduce the idea of the Brad Pitt test,
which I think is a wonderful, wonderful tool that everyone can implement in their day-to-day
lives.
If Brad Pitt asked a girl out at a tea shop, it wouldn't even be an issue.
She would have that tea.
She would go wherever.
If she wanted to have this date with you, it would have gone down.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm not comfortable with the idea of every man on earth evaluating himself compared to
Brad Pitt.
How many steps down?
No, no, no.
I don't think that's it.
What it sounds like to me is it's a criteria of people will often say, well, she couldn't
do it because she was at work, or she couldn't do it because she has a boyfriend, but the
deal is she said no without saying no.
She was being nice.
Right.
You got politely turned down for whatever reason.
Maybe she has a boyfriend, maybe she doesn't.
Yeah, I mean, you got turned down, you have a great way of saving face because you already
go there.
Just go and enjoy her in the ladies' zoo that is her job and appreciate her there.
I have another idea, and that is that you need to give her the Paul Giamatti test.
That is, if she would go out with Paul Giamatti, she would probably go out with you.
What are her standards like?
Yeah.
Maybe you need to meet this boyfriend, and maybe he's just a real ugly pile of crap.
I feel like if you compare yourself to Brad Pitt on a day-to-day, you're going to lose
your mind.
If you compare yourself to Paul Giamatti in any field other than acting, of which he is
superb and sublime, then it's going to go much, much better for your self-esteem.
Can we for once just take it easy on Paul Giamatti on one of these shows?
No, you know why?
He's out there doing it every day, Griffin.
But he's so good.
I saw him on Ides of March, I wept, and his part wasn't even particularly sad.
It was actually rather a happy part.
It was.
But he's...
Ides of March, filmed in Cincinnati, starring Billy Jays.
Yeah, that's true.
He looks like a... what are those creatures?
A big toe?
No, like a sleaze stack.
I've recently been entered into your relationship.
We can't just bounce off that subject by me saying that Paul Giamatti looks like a sleaze
stack.
That's usually when one of the two of you chides me, and I say, I'm sorry, Paul Giamatti.
We gotta come to a...
You know what?
Sometimes, Griffin, you just nail it.
Yeah, sometimes you just lead... you and Paul Giamatti live in your own, like, parallel
universe together, and if you want to make amends with him, you go to his house.
I'm tired of you using our show as a platform to apologize to Paul Giamatti.
You know what, Griffin?
Buy a fucking person, Aladdin.
Say you're sorry to Paul from now on, because I'm tired of you using NBNB AM as a bully
pulpit to apologize for bullying Paul Giamatti.
It's done.
It's over.
Hey, guys, can we cut out cyberbullying of Paul Giamatti, please?
Can I just say one thing, though?
Yeah, as long as it's not directly addressed to Paul Giamatti.
Paul, if you're...
Not as much.
Paul, if you're...
I've recently entered into your relationship with this girl.
I would like to issue a statement to all Paul Giamattis, and that is that I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Paul's...
There's a Paul Giamatti in Idaho right now that's, like, crying.
Messrs.
Giamatti, I apologize for my actions in working with you.
I want to get through this question.
I have recently entered into a relationship with this girl who has been out of a long-term
relationship for a short time, as have I.
One thing that kind of bothers me, and I'm not sure if I'm in the wrong here, but about
99% of her Facebook profile pictures are her kissing her ex-boyfriend.
Am I in the wrong for being concerned with this?
Is it okay to request these be removed?
Ocarina in Ohio.
I don't believe that this young man is an ocarina, but go on.
No, he is not a sweet potato-shaped flute.
I think what needs to be removed is you.
You got to go, and I'll tell you why.
Because anybody who 99% of their Facebook profile pictures...
Let me say again.
If she has 100 Facebook profile pictures, 99 of them are pictures of her kissing somebody.
That's not okay in any language.
Can we just, like, talk about this issue specifically?
And this really is kind of a bugbear with me, but your profile picture on Facebook or
any other social networking service should be an attractive, well-framed picture of your
head and shoulders.
And it should be a headshot.
And that's it.
It should be a headshot.
It should be a professionally taken headshot.
And it has to adhere to the rule of thirds.
I want lighting to be appropriate.
And it should be at least two years recent.
Yeah, within the last two years.
Because I'm tired of these motherfuckers.
Your baby, stop it.
Your dogs.
Just a weird color design.
What the fuck is that?
You with other people?
Hi, which one are you?
Like I don't know how to address you because I don't know what you look like.
I don't know if I need to talk to you like you're a fat person or not.
Like I don't know if you're living your life that way.
The kids drive me crazy.
Why are you letting your baby have a Facebook?
Why does this baby have a Facebook?
And why does Breakfast of Champions is his favorite book?
Like stop it, baby.
I agree.
Also, don't put, I don't want to see you as a cartoon.
I don't want to see you as a Mad Men cartoon.
Is that still a thing?
I want to just see you.
Just be yourself.
Let me see your face.
I need it.
Now back to this guy's problem.
Are you in the wrong for being concerned about this?
Is it okay to request they be removed?
It's not okay is the problem.
No.
They shouldn't be there in the first place.
Like my girlfriend, her Facebook profile is just a hundred pictures of dudes butts.
Like yeah, that's not okay.
Yeah.
I think the whole situation is just weird.
So maybe you don't say anything and see how it shakes out and you just accept that it's
already weird.
Or you go down the list and you like each one or you just comment nice.
Oh, I like this.
Like this smooch.
Everything's looking good here.
Let's try this one out tonight.
You guys look really in love.
That must have been such a pleasant time in your life.
I'm sorry you had second best with me.
I bet you're sad this is over.
Is this the Applebee's on third?
This looks so nice.
Let's go there.
You and me and him if you want.
I have a fun idea.
Let's recreate all these pictures.
It'll be like the soldier kissing his lady on V-Day.
These hit locations and reenact these loving moments.
Don't have a picture of you kissing anybody on Facebook.
And guess what?
If you do have that picture and you think you're about to break up with this person,
like as soon as the idea enters your mind, you delete every single one of those pics.
And if they notice like, hey, what happened to all our kiss pics?
It's got to go.
It's got to end right then.
That's your entry into the situation.
I was hoping you wouldn't notice because now I do have to in fact cut this off.
Please please come into my office, Bradley.
Bradley, your performance lately.
We really appreciate the time that you've committed to this relationship over the last
couple of months.
But in this economy, it just seems like the kiss pics and the cutesy poking on Facebook,
it's ruined and we're going to have to let you go.
Can we please start breaking up with people and blaming the economy?
It's like, listen, layoffs are all over.
I just I haven't recovered from 9-11 yet.
I keep saying I'm going to back.
Everything changed on that day, that fateful day.
And that includes my love for you.
So yeah.
So listen, just leave your name tag with Darcy on the way out, I guess.
I want to hear Griffin's last question.
But first, real quick housekeeping stuff.
This is my brother, my brother and me.
We're at MBMBAM.com.
We're on tweedo at MBMBAM is our username.
We love it when people talk about our show using the MBMBAM hashtag.
I know Carly Violet did Nick Claw's Guillermo, Croco Swine is still there with YHT and John
Kehoe and Invader Sham, everybody, Mr. Daniel Lixon, everybody, our gentlemen, everyone
has been super nice in promoting our show on that on that service.
And I want to throw out Brent O'Floss and I just did a video where we talk about this
podcast and talk about his web comic, talk about all that stuff.
It's very funny.
And more than anything, I just wanted to say it was great catching up with my dear friend
Brent O'Floss.
So thanks, Brent.
And I also want to thank Letty Van Hemert and Nick Rose for pimping us in meat space
in the real world.
Thank you guys very much.
That's not much.
So when you make that tweet with your mouth, mouth tweets, we are going to have if we do
not already, I'm not I don't think we have this right this second.
But I would not be surprised if by the time you listen to this, this is is active.
But we have a brand new My Brother, My Brother, Me T-shirt headed to MaxFunStore.com from
our friends at Tipotico.
It is a should I say what it is or should I just let people discover for themselves?
It is a fully erect penis with boobs, but yeah, it's a whole shebang.
It's called the whole shebang is the name of the shirt.
Check out MaxFunStore and holy spelled H-O-L-E Well, there's your episode title.
We'll tweet about it when it goes live.
But keep an eye out for for MaxFunStore.
I don't think iTunes will let us put a thing on it called the H-O-L-E There's all this
look.
It's an opportunity to do research.
I want to thank John Roderick in the long winners for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed, which a bunch of other people
got on Twitter today and said they started listening to and then it's fucking dope.
And yeah, if you could take a second to think, think at John Roderick, tell him you got you
got on board with us.
We want him to like us and think we're great.
So yeah.
Yeah.
So thank you.
We're not needy.
It's not a big deal.
Griffin.
I'm a little needy.
This one was sent in by Lisa Holofield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Florex, who asks, Did anyone else hated Alan Alda in MASH?
I'm Travis McElroy, I'm Griffin McElroy, who's been my brother, my brother and me kiss your
bad, square on the lips.
