The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the margin era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy, and I am Travis McElroy the spookiest
I thought that Justin had pretty much planted his flag on Dracula Mountain
You can't just no no one can just claim Dracula voice as their own. That's not okay
That's fair, but I bring such a sensuality to it. You know to be fair
I think Griffin's claimed it for Taz and I do think now in retrospect Justin has claimed it for my brother my brother and me
I'm gonna claim that for till death do us part. I'm the only
I think that's only that's only
My name is Griffin McElroy and
That's popcorn
Popcorn that can only mean one thing let's all go to the movies. Hey, let's all go to the movies. Yeah
Son of the Hedgehog 2 nope nope
We can't we actually can't do that because I'm genuinely very fucking
Yeah, but there's no reason you can't be stoked and also do a watch we don't do watches for movies that were not so
I mean let me ask you a question
Why are there no vampire movies? Why are there no superhero movies right well good news Justin?
Don't even fucking worry about it. You worry worry. Yeah, you do you dumb ass
You don't need to worry about that shit anymore because now we got us a superhero vampire no not blade
Huh, you know no you silly boy not blade not the daywalker why uh?
Checks notes Morbius of course Morbius Morbius is here, and oh man his teeth are very sharp, and it is Jared Leto
Jared Leto, and did you know it's a it's a
autobiography of
Mr.. Leto and his life and his challenges his blood disorder and the magical means he went about getting
Dracula powers to fix it somebody saw Jared Leto
In his turn as the Joker and said we should put that guy in more superhero movies
This is what this is what this is what this is where it's hard for me
This is where I struggle because Jared Leto appeared in the Suicide Squad
Yeah, everyone said that sucks that sucks
Let's give him also not only sucked on-screen, but ask anyone who apparently has ever worked with him sucked off-screen
Yeah, all around it. I'm not here to delve into the lives of our Hollywood stars
We should be happy for whatever they give us now. We save that
Questioning beyond judgment. Oh yeah, okay, okay, so Jared Leto is in
Suicide Squad everybody's like bad job. Let's give him one more try
Yeah, and then he's in Birds of Prey, and it's and and in that one
They're like we actually are going to cut these parts out like we're not actually not going to use these parts because it's pretty
It's pretty rough actually we would like you to go
We've got new Joker, and we'd like you to go please yes, and and Marvel sees this and is like well
We do have one we don't really care about they called Jared and said hey Jared when God
Closes the door technically this would be Sony. Yes, not not Marvel
This is a Sony spider-verse Sony was browsing through the thrift shop and made themselves a pickup of mr.
Leto, and they said fresh off house of gutsy get over here friend. You're a vampire now
That's the gutsy right over here on the left hand side left hand side. Thank you so much Jared
So now the film you're a vampire right? What's the film?
I see
a
Good Jared Leto joke that is a good Jared Leto joke. What is Morbius about you ask well?
It's about on it's the Sony spider-verse, and it's about a superhero. Who's a bit of a bad boy
Bit of a loose cannon. He's out there
At night doing some spooky stuff scaring the people
Urges I know what you're thinking. I've heard about that one. No. This is a different one
Because this one is not starring Tom Hardy this one's trying Jared Leto, and that's the main difference
Yeah, I wish it was another venom movie
Jared Harris is in this you remember too many Jared's well
This is Jared Harris is the is you remember him? He's a great actor from Mad Men and many other things
the crown
Fringe my favorite my favorite film critic Mark Kermit said that Jared Leto has never been the best actor and now
In more because he's not even the best Jared nice
But listen, okay, no you listen. No you listen. I'm looking at the rotten tomatoes page
Don't here's it. Let's not put a number on now. It's not a number. This is just an idea. No
It's not a number government. It's the Scorpius
The this is a quote from Ian Simmons the further I get from it the more its flaws seem crippling
But I admire the spirit that Espinosa and company brought to the project which I'm convinced was nearly destroyed by a meddlesome and cowardly
Studio that is a positive that is one of the positive
Now we all know that he got way too method when he's playing the Joker and listen like
You can judge him all you want but talk to Paul Dano and like we know how twisted that shit can get
Yeah, so I'm willing to forgive that but all of Paul Dano's was inside his head and made his head hot where Jared Leto's
Was like I'm gonna put some fish places or whatever like yeah. Yeah, I'm gonna yeah exactly
I'm gonna I'm gonna kill that person's dog my co-star, but it's because I'm the Joker. I'm its method
Didn't even let me finish my point. Okay. Go ahead in this one. He got method by
His character has a blood disorder
Disorder uh-huh that gives him chronic pain and so to stay in character
He would use he would walk around on crutches very slowly everywhere on set
and
It and the bathroom breaks were taking a very long time and so they
This is a real one is an interview. I'm looking at with Daniel Espinosa the director of
Morbius in theaters now and so they put him in a wheelchair to get him around faster to the bathroom
and I don't and I that's and I see
Nothing wrong with that. Yeah, there's no problems with it. And in fact, it's sort of excuse that away. Mr
Espinosa the director of respondent said hey, man, it's people's processes. It's not though
Hey, man. Hey, man. Hey, hey, man's
Man and man, it's people's processes. So you but that's like saying like oh that guy
Yeah, he's uh on he works construction and every day before he builds the wall
He squishes a frog in his bare hands. It's really fun. Do you have it?
So it's process to build that wall without one squished frog
It's just I kind of am starting to get
What people who aren't white guys are saying? Oh, okay feels like this is hold on. Wait
This is the moment. I feel like Jared Leto is what really helped me to recognize the idea of privilege
Oh, yeah, but it's something good
it's just it seems like we keep he keeps like he gets the bat and
Then he drops the bat and he picks it back up
Yeah, and he eats the bat and they're like someone get this guy another bat or rabbit
Let's turn him into a bat in Morbius in theaters now. Thank you Sony Pictures
Jared Leto, this is great because there's a Venn diagram happening here Jared Leto helping Justin realize
What everyone's saying about white guys and also helping me like lose a little bit of my strength in defending actors
When people are like actors are so out of touch and they're fucking shitty and it's like no man
Like they're people just like us they're stars. They're just like us they're doing it and they're like, what about Jared Leto?
I'm like, well fuck. Okay. Well fuck. Yeah
He has kept in a big white egg pod but between films where he can just dream his wonderful dreams
Jared Leto uses his acting career as an excuse to indulge in his real love being an asshole
Being a big big butthole everywhere. He goes
Hey, who the fuck is Morbius though? Because I know a lot of shit about comics and nerd shit
I don't know this dude from Adam who is more black at you don't know him from black out from black out. Who is Morbius?
Well, you know Griffin how in Batman
Somebody who thought it was really funny said what if Batman fought a guy named man bat, right?
Yeah, and then somebody said that's not funny. It's super fucking cool
And now spider-man has one of those tunings called Morbius, but it's not man spider
No, that's that does exist though. Don't get it twisted. Okay, but not in this one in this one
He is Dracula and is there a scene where he fights?
This the sweet Tom Holland boy. No, this is not that he's in the venom verse
Which does cross over in the multiverse, but it's not the same versus the Tom Holland verse God Almighty. I love it
I love all this nerd shit. Hey guys
and
I'm talking to everybody not my brothers cuz they get they get this I get yeah
This is the royal guys vampires are bad. Yeah, like can we stop like?
Yeah, do you mean they're evil or they're dumb?
They're evil
They kill people for food
This is true, this is it drives me up a wall with this
What's the dead woke culture trying to fucking defend these?
Vampire yeah someone with the likeability and charisma of a journalist. I know what you're trying to do
Yeah, we get it. We get it, right? It's like it's like when they made Jim Carrey. Dr. Eggman
Yeah, they're trying to make me think he's very funny and silly and he's not he's the bad guy
Stop tricking of they made that Pattinson fellow another Batman
But he didn't vamp out once in that whole way. I watch it and it's three hours long
There was plenty of time in which he could have been a vampire at one point. That's ridiculous
And can I tell you guys something just as I know about Batman?
Wait, wait Travis Travis Travis. You have subjected us over the last week in pre-recording times
Yes, special times the only time that we really check in on each other on a personal level
Telling us about how you do not like that. I don't want to hear how you like the Batman
I don't know. This is one thing. This is so important. I don't actually it's so important
The movie is okay. Wait, if we let you do this then we get we get something in the future. Yeah
Do you like this is all right
Actively don't want you to talk about Batman and how you don't know Batman, please the Batman on the on the podcast
So like that means like in the future
I'm gonna want to talk about some shit that you guys aren't gonna want to hear about but I will get to
Well, no juice you'll have one too you get a you get one, too. Okay, so if you want to talk about cash solitaire
And how like deep in the pockets you are then you can do that
And I'll find some I don't know. I'll find some you know, but it has to be as short as this thing
I'm about to tell you. Yeah, it feels like the preamble may have extended this bit longer
All right, let's hear it movie is three hours long and they have the gall to then also have a post-credits scene
So how do you how do you make one has but you have a three-hour movie and then you're like
But we couldn't squeeze this in before so now it goes it's out. It is to me Griffin
They expect me to sit through the credits after a three-hour long movie to see 30 seconds when I know YouTube exists
They won't you walk out with a sweet treat in your mouth my butt
Okay. Well, I didn't make the decision. So why I can't wait to see Morbius
Why not Morpheus or Mobius when they make a second one? Will it be M. Oh our EBS? Oh, that's good
Yeah
Do you it does Tom Hardy make an appearance in this one?
Cuz that would be the thing that would actually pull me into the theater if there is a Tom Hardy slash Venom cameo
I'm I'm in because there's a moment in the trailer. I don't know if you guys saw this where
They're like, who are you and he's like, I'm Venom and like scares guys like now I'm just kidding
It's fucking hilarious to be we used to do jokes about the movies
And now I feel like Travis is just sort of like talking movie. Like he's just he's just talking
What jokes could you make about a vampire doctor who saves people and fights crime?
My wife didn't agree with that by the way. Oh because because of
The fact that he's a doctor who also does vampire stuff. Yeah. Yeah, I was so upset that
She doesn't want to see Morbius or at least I'm assuming that's the reason
Yeah, she keeps hurting me. She keeps saying no, no, no, no, no not with a million
Not for a million dollars not with my worst enemy's eyes. No. Yeah
Because it's a doctor that hurts people well, there is that great line in it because I did see it opening night
Where he like eats someone's fucking neck meat and they die instantly and some bystanders like what about the Hippocratic oath?
And he's like what about the Hippocratic both of these nuts?
And then he bites them twice and they die from on the nuts
Yeah, he buys some twice on the nuts Morbius ate my balls
Is there a specific line in the Hippocratic oath about not
Vampiring people. I mean, it's pretty I mean, it's it says do no harm. It's pretty I think that that's a blanket
covers what if it was the only way to save their life to
Harm them to turn them. Oh
I got to turn them to save their life
I'll give them the eternal curse, but they'll live and that's what matters is Morbius out there making other Morbiuses
He's right. I know I know Sony's not
See you this weekend at the birthday party for Morbius
Two weeks old today I think we love you so much Morbius. Happy birthday. It's a special day
So excited about Morbius can't wait but more excited about helping people because that's our that's our thing. Oh
Elon bought Twitter by the way, if I can just oh my god. Okay, this is gonna be your thing
No, I'm not. Okay
That cuz that's been my problem with Twitter. Yeah
I
Not enough you on not enough people like you are yeah, okay
I'm not on Twitter anymore
Bullshit, I'm not
These don't do you passively do Twitter? Oh, no, I'm not like I'm just like not I'll dip dip in
Yeah, that's what yeah, it'd be wild not to dip in you gotta dip in I gotta find out what the celebs are doing
I'm planning to propose to my long-term girlfriend on April 9th on April 8th
Sonic the Hedgehog comes out in theaters
How bad of an idea would it be to see the movie with her on opening night the night before I proposed to her?
She I'm does he okay
Go she is resigned to the fact that she will be seeing this movie with me and wouldn't describe herself as a fan
These would be on two different days
But the proximity of seeing Sonic and Knuckles clash it out less than 24 hours for half of the question might tie the two memories
Together this from Eddie now listen at first blush
I see where you're like, I think it's fine
But now imagine it's like a decade later and people are asking the question like what was the proposal like?
Okay, and how odd like eventually
That story is going to be so the night after we saw Sonic the Hedgehog tear
We what you'll do is you'll do that to figure out the date, right? You'll say let's see Sonic the Hedgehog
Came out it too came on April 8th. I remember so we got engaged in April 9th, right?
This is what I'm saying so eventually it will become
inextricably linked yeah to watching the two powerhouses
Sonic and Knuckles
Miles Prowler president, let's not rule out mr.. Tails you say Prowler. Yeah, that's what it is
No, it's miles Prowler Travis. It's a pun. Are you sure it's not miles Prowler? I thought it's Prowler
I know it's per hour. I know it's miles per hour, and that's the joke, but I thought it was Prowler
Okay, well it couldn't be less important, but I love that
You know all of these considerations, and there's a considerable. You're right Griffin. I'm sorry. No yeah, I know of course
I'm right um
that the that the idea of watching Sonic the Hedgehog to
later
Did not yeah, that is not not an option not an option
We're going opening night gotta see Sonic if anything actually makes more sense to me to propose at
Sonic then to move. I mean if it's gonna be linked
Link link it how about this okay? How about this okay into Sonic the Hedgehog 2 I've not seen it
It's not out yet, but this might be how it is
Fuckin dr. Robotnik dead big robot not dead kick Sonic so hard and his rings come shoot
Oh, I love where this is going. I know where it's going
I love he's like and then he sits up and like miles per hour by which I mean tails is dead
And that's a spoiler so sorry looking at his dead corpse, and he's like
I'm so sorry tails. I couldn't finish the fight if only I had
another ring and then he looks out at the audience uh-huh and
You're down on one knee, and he's like girth. Could you help me out? Yeah? It's girth. It's Eddie
It's right there in the question, but that's okay
Eddie girth and you go by girth Eddie girth. Yeah, and girth's like I got a ring
But I can't give it to you Sonic because it's going to my beloved. Will you miss me and then Sonic's like
Oh fuck
And then your girlfriend now fiance has to fight dr. Robotnik
Well, or you know like that's the end of the movie and in your very special screening of Sonic the Hedgehog 2
Why won't they know what if this wasn't a special screening? Why don't they have it in more movies? Yeah?
In more movies there should be a special
There should be a special built-in generic proposal invitation
Hi Dr. Morbius the vampire. I'm going to kill you, but first
I think someone here has a
Special question to ask and that's also gonna leave it open to other things too right like we don't have to just leave it
Like I think someone has something important to say and then it could be like I quit or you know
Yeah, yes your mother, and I are getting a divorce
Yeah, that would be dope why isn't that in this is this is all this is all
I don't think there's any problem
But I I hope I hope she's not a listener of our podcast because she now knows with 100%
That's okay. This won't come out until two days after then oh, that's a good point. Yeah, Eddie. Let us know how it went yeah
Yes, maybe and Google like what's the shortest engagement in history and
Call up you know the Guinness Book and all that
um God
I can't wait to see Sonic I didn't realize it was so close Henry has been asking about this fucking film
Since the first trailer came out a hundred years
I mean technically he's been asking about it since the after-credits scene of Sonic 1 when Tails miles per hour flies out of the portal
And he's like don't worry Sonic. I'm on my way and Henry's like who the fuck is that I'm like
I am way into this
Sonic's best buddy, and he's like what why isn't he in this movie?
I was like oh, he'll probably be in the next movie, and then I was like why the fuck did I say that out loud?
And then for the last what year and a half. It's just been let's get there get there. Why haven't they made it?
Why haven't they made it yet? Tell them to hurry tell Jim Carrey to hurry hurry knuckles. You're supposed to be fast Sonic
What the fuck can I?
Do you guys want to talk to the wizard?
Yeah, like I'd like we don't have to know
I just I always feel so formal addressing the wizard is the wizard
And I just wish we were on a first-name basis at this point. Oh, Kenneth. Oh
Yeah, hey, what's the frequency Kenneth? Oh, I bet he hates that fuck. Yeah, and I just changed his name
How to fake food poisoning Megan sent this in thanks Megan and food poisoning can strike at any time making this the perfect illness to
Imitate if you need to get out of work or school
Symptoms are relatively easy to impersonate including things like nausea
Vomiting and stomach pain as long as you set the stage fake the illness correctly and provide proof when it is necessary
Gross, you should be enjoying a free day to yourself
now I
One one little thing there. They do only list the physical symptoms of food poisoning and not
Just kind of the emotional ones of like this is gonna be forever. Is this forever?
I don't remember a time where I wasn't shitting and puking and
I set my little TV by the body. It's like super gross. Yeah, okay. I'll try to
There is also the the
Emotional response of like all food has betrayed me. I thought you were my friend. I'll never look at you again. Yeah
Did I even eat this much food?
Talk about stomach issues if you've had stomach issues in the past or claim to have a weak stomach try to make it more believable
When you claim to be suffering food poisoning, so this is a long con that I've been setting up
Professionally for over a decade now. So like y'all know my
journey or quote-unquote journey. Oh
I'm ironclad. You're not you don't really have the delicate constitution of the boy from Secret Garden
No
So when I run to the bathroom twice before like when Paul starts his announcements before a live show
Yeah, I have to go run to the potty before the show even starts
Um, that's I'm actually playing with toys. I'm like fun and like doing my own stuff
Yeah, like a body leisure. Well, I'll go in the potty just so you all think that I'm being sick
But really I'm not I never have I actually think I'll be more convincing
To brag about your iron stomach and like how you never get sick. So then when it happens, you're like what the fuck
What is it? Oh my god. Oh, is this how you guys feel all the time? Oh, oh
Like I think to me that's like, oh, this is serious. He never yeah
Invent a dicey dining situation
You don't actually have to go out to eat but if you tell your but if you tell your classmates co-workers and boss you're going
To eat somewhere likely to cause food poisoning. That'll make it more believable when it happens. I'm going to stinky Rick's dirty plates
Yeah, I say that before is that like setting up the the fiction, okay
Because they have like day-old escargot over there that they sell for like 50%
I cannot like a half-inch of standing water everywhere
Love it. It's a great UP. You should do that more often
I like I like to go when I'm at the office all sometimes announce like my great-grandaunt's been like so sick lately
Wait, and then hold on set up the scene. Are you talking to like Jim or Pam or Dwight or?
Whole the whole gang is as always hanging on my every word
Okay, Andy and I had just finished our office lottery, which has gotten us into more than a few scrapes
Okay, and was there an acapella moment between you and Andy?
Yeah
It's like be
24 we would like sing. Yeah, and Angela because she doesn't like the fun just so fucking me in the whole game
Margaret Kevin. Yeah, that's now the whole
Kareem creed creed is there. Of course. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is there when you join the office. They're hanging on my every word
Yeah, I'm telling them about how my great-grandaunt is
Very sick, huh? And then I just sort of leave it and then when I need a break alone later, she's really sick
I deploy. Yeah, that's fun
It's not but because it's a sad thing when it does, you know, eventually real though. She's not real
Okay, what do you tell them that too when you say that she's dead so they don't feel bad
No, it's okay. They won't really feel bad. That's great
And if you sleuth it out and they'll be like, hey
I did some sleuthing and your grand man is not real and you'd be like, yeah, she got erased from the timeline
Oh boy, so it's sad but don't like feel bad about it or anything. They won't feel bad about it because I'm the office bad boy
Yeah, well you didn't say that before. They think that I'm too hard to have emotions and then at the end
Pam is like
Sees me crying. I'm like out on the dock. Yeah with Daryl and some of the other guys and they leave and she sees me
I'm sitting there crying and she falls in love with you
Your granddad with me instead of instead of Jim and Pam jam now, it's Justin and Pam jam
Just him and you can be like she'd be like, well, I'm so sorry your grandma guy erased from the timeline
You'd be like, yeah, she looked at the orb
But then she's like I wouldn't much rather sleep with you than Jim what are you doing?
Yeah, and then you'd be like, I can't do that right now. I have for Christ
I have to go smash the orb. Yeah
Can I come to but then he vanishes and I'm like you're not gonna remember this
Change everything. Yeah, fuck dude, but it's always been you
And you kiss and no we don't it's chased. It's a chase
Because if if I selling myself with a touch of a woman the time gods won't let me through the street
Yeah, yeah basics. The orb can only be smashed by someone pure of heart and genitals. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Man, who's never achieved an erection is the only one
People give the sixth season of the office a lot of shit
Yeah, cuz like people like it wasn't funny anymore into after Steve Carell left. It's like well, maybe it wasn't funny anymore
But it has some stuff to say
The challenging shit, they talk a lot about purity and not just like don't have sex
But like no physical contact of any kind from birth. Yeah, and like
That kind of like it says a lot about the indulgences of our culture
Yeah
Because that one character who had never had soda or any kind of spicy foods or the touch of another human being
And that's up for didn't didn't recognize Halloween or didn't recognize Halloween or even the days of the week
Yeah, and like just saw time
Continuous bubble and they're the only ones who could touch the time or that said a lot I think about like consumerism
Yes
Yes, yes. Yes, and when Kevin started wearing a robe and
Said he couldn't work at the office anymore because he was the Chronicle of Gonzo law, right?
Yeah, he was the only one that could protect the sacred texts. Yeah, I was his consciousness was in several different timelines at the same time
Yeah, and then there was that funny scene where he turned into an eagle in the office and then Dwight was like trying to get
Him like guys who let this he's like who let this eagle out in the office. Yeah, it's Kevin
Don't don't get him and then Jim made it
Okay, Kevin's gone the Kevin Union was a flesh prison for the true Chronicle of Gonzo lar whose knowledge cannot be bound by your
Primitive paper and leather bound books. Yeah, he is one of all of us and part of the eternal consciousness
And then Jim set Dwight's phone to Portuguese and like yeah
I was like, how do I even and it ended up ripping a hole through existence?
Yeah
And then and then the Chronicle of Gonzo lar pecks out Andy's eyes and Jim looks at the camera like really yeah
It's not again
Yeah
And he says like I always have and everybody fucking loses
Yeah, and then Andy has to make the multi-year pilgrimage to the fountains of Felicina. Yeah restore
Yeah, yeah, but he ends up a second sight and he can see on seeing and it's a we remember we remember yeah
We all remember these classic seats for the off. Yeah, I forget what we were. Oh, I was doing a wiki out
Oh
Use likely food is the scapegoat things like poultry meat fish and eggs earlier in the article
It says that I like to imagine four people in their car listening to the show
And then when something like that happens, they start like kind of chuckling but also looking at each other
Like is this a reference to something that I do not that I've never heard of
I always think of these moments when I picture someone saying like you got to listen to this show
I've been telling you about and then they play that and they're like, I don't think I do
I don't think I get it most of the time depending on the age of the person
I can just say oh, it's Twin Peaks. Oh, yeah, like they will let that slide
Earlier in the article. It does say that certain foods like Mexican Indian and Chinese have a reputation for causing stomach issues
I would counter that by saying that the worst stomach issues I've ever had have been mostly because of salad
Yeah, that was not washed good
So if it's less about the origin of the cuisine and rather the sort of dedication of the
That's like that's always happened in to romaine. Like I need an excuse to not eat salad, right?
Okay, don't try what I've done before which is like I think I had some bad bourbon and it doesn't work
Broadcast your illness by telling your friends and family you're not feeling well in a Facebook post or tweet
It's more likely people will believe you've got food poisoning. That's awesome
For instance, you might say something like I'm gonna be on the down low for a day or two got food poisoning last night
that's a classy way of doing it and not just like
Tap tap tap 140 characters. If you all could if you all even knew my butt dot dot dot dot dot
It's bad y'all dot dot dot dot. This might be the one and then you can skip work for a couple days
It has it. Okay. Listen, just a quick edit here. You have to say like, yeah, I'm feeling pretty bad
But work comes first and you got to make it like that school comes right and you need someone else to say to you like
No, man, take care of yourself. You gotta stay home and you're like, but I gotta finish those reports
It's like the reports can wait man. What's important is your house and then you need them to tell you to stay home
So you seem like a real trooper, right?
Focus on symptoms difficult to verify
Stomach pain and nausea will be the two easiest conditions for you to imitate and the hardest to confirm
I would argue that with food poisoning anybody who wants you to
verify
uh-huh with
peer reviewed evidence is
Out of their fucking gourd or a boss at a business where you should not be working if they're like, oh, man
My die-die is so bad and then they'll be like show me the die-die
You know, you can't work at that business anymore. Show me the die-die. Do you guys remember that scene?
This from the Jerry McGuire. Yeah, I remember that. Yeah. Yeah, it's fucking funny
I don't
Okay, keep your so much we did keep your sick call short when you're sick
The last thing you want to do is make small talk over the phone
This is actually a good point if you like to try to over explain it
Then they're gonna know that something is wrong. Yeah, so you just want to hit him with like it
Derek I
Can't click and then like they'll be like, hey, where's Jeremy today?
Like I got a weird whisper goes phone call earlier and even do it
And it's great. If you have someone else in the house. I used to have dad
calling to work sick for me a confederate
The best buy like listen my son. It's me radios Clint McElroy the voice you can trust
Can't do it today can't sell can't sell Netflix subscriptions. So I do it when you came back to work. I'm so worried
Oh
When they went back to work did you ever get was your boss ever like don't make your fucking dad
Call us anymore. I don't want it. I don't want that pressure on me to speak to radios Clint McElroy. I get starstruck
It's not fair. The power dynamics are off starstruck is and I promise I say like listen never again. Don't worry
Oh my god, he called you. I'm so embarrassed guy. He just loves me so much
I was just gonna shit at home and not call you cuz I'm kind of the office of bad boys, you know
Ask Andy return to work under the weather
This is the most important step in this whole article is that you do come back like a hero like a champion?
Yeah, you should still be home. Are you kidding? This is what I'm saying? No, okay. No, wait. No, no, no
So they're saying okay, so you're faking we're faking right now. Yeah, we're faking. Oh, that's the point. Okay. Sorry go on
Okay, so we're faking right now that it we're so nervous about this fucking dragnet being pulled up around us
That we're keeping our phone conversation short
Uh-huh, but I'm supposed to go in and give a fucking Richard the third style like full
Physicality performance of me soldiering through my food food poisoning. Is that what they're suggesting?
But if you pull a Bueller on April 8th, uh-huh, and then you come back to go see Sonic
Thank you, Travis for the joke that I was going to do. Oh, no, you just sort of saw you like
Well, I didn't know you were heading there cuz I come back April 9th and you're Hale and Hardy they'll be like Sonic, right?
Sonic cured you is an interesting angle that when I was not the way I was in
Secret I went I did honestly shit myself silly when saw Sonic never felt better
It saw Morbius on the 7th nearly fucking killed me
Sonic 2 on the 8th
Brought me raised me right back up brought me back man. One true one true Sonic. Yeah
I've heard of two different critics by the way
Both David Simms and Mark Kermode tweeted that they saw Morbius and then met some sort of physical calamity
Kermode had a toothache and David Simms said he has stomachache after sit both tweeted about this after seeing Morpheus
It is hurting people
It's too far. It's not funny. It's hurting. It's hurting people. The movie is bad. It's hurting people now
Here's that you have to go under though
If if Jared Leto had agreed to participate in Batman in the candle nights like Ben Schwartz did
Yeah, I have different things to say
You'll never know sliding doors. Thank you. So let's roleplay this and Justin
I want you to pin the email to Jared fucking Leto asking him to please do a bit on candle nights this special episode
Dear Jared
Dearest dearest Jared. Perfect. It's
Justin McElroy. I do a podcast. I know that you are a bad person, but I hope that
Even though you're a bad person you would be in candle nights, which is a charity event
famous love that shit and you can be
The Joker in it or Morbius, but please don't be Jared Leto again. I've heard a lot of different stuff
You can play music from your Mars Mars attacks your band. Yeah, that's fine
but please just
Just don't be yourself. You could be Jeremy cool or whatever your character's name was in my so-called life
I think it was Jeremy cool or perhaps Slater cool
You can be Stanley Gucci if you want. It doesn't matter. You can be a Gucci if you would like to sir. Uncle Gucci?
Was that it? I think he was uncle Gucci. I think he was maybe uncle. Did I ever tell you guys?
Gus my baby's favorite toy slash food in the house is the Apple TV remote which is not great
I one time he was just to chew chomping away on it and his spit and saliva like got in it and that makes that
Terrible remote do strange things like move around on its own like scrolling through a video if you're trying to watch it
anyway
through a
Various like a string of chomps shoes and slobbers. He did purchase house of Gucci
Not rented like perch like when I go and look at the movies who purchased which is largely like, you know
Sonic the Hedgehog one other shit that Henry is into so we can have just instant access to that shit
Now we have Gaga and we have let's ho
Just waiting to spring it like it's today the day Griffin. No today's not the day
Jared and Gaga today. I will not be watching Gucci. Thank you very much
much II
Can we go to the money?
Yeah, yeah, let's go. I need to I need to make up that $20.00
Guys I'm sorry. I don't want to talk about Bombas. I don't I don't can I tell you what I want to talk about?
Yeah, I want to talk about soft seamless tagless and luxuriously cozy feeling clothes
Yeah, then you're talking about Bombas wait, really? Yeah, everything they make is soft seamless tagless and has a luxuriously
Cozy feel I'm wearing their socks right now. I love wearing their socks. I'm excited because I have more of the short ones
the short socks and
No shows, I guess you'd call them. Yeah, and I'm about to make the switch
This weekend probably Saturday or Sunday depending on the weather. I'm about to take my
tote bag full of short socks. Yeah, and
Dump them into the drawer
Exciting the long socks in the tote bag
That's how you know that spring is true when a young man's socks turn to no-shows
But I don't want to talk about Bombas
I want to talk about a company who has a simple mission
That works to make the most comfortable clothes ever and then match every item sold with an equal item donated
A company that when you buy from them, you know, you're also giving to someone in need, right?
Do we yeah, that's a great try to drive this. That's Bombas. You're talking so embarrassing what? Yeah
Yeah, Travis trust me go to Bombas calm slash my brother and get 20% off your first purchase. That's
BOMBAS, are you writing in sound? Yeah
BOMBAS.com slash my brother for 20% off Bombas calm slash my brother
Okay, but one last thing I want to talk about a company that sells really super bulky underwear
That's really uncomfortable and itchy and like sandpaper on your loins and like just just show like it's so obvious that it's there
Then you're talking about the competition brand. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah, I just love big bulky itchy underpants
I know how you can get some of those brought to your home. Oh big bulky itchy underpants
Griffin kick it for one more time. What you heard me?
Justin knowledge on this fool. No, but what did you just do cuz you were like, I know someone who can help out with that
Hey, well, I was setting you up
I flicked the foosball in the air and now you just have to swat it over the net that is well illegal
That's an illegal maneuver Justin. No, you actually I table you hike
Put too much crank in my spank and the foosball flip in the dang air talked about this Justin
That's gonna get us to disqualified at regionals. It's a valid tactic. It is not valid
Maybe all the streets maybe when you're playing three, you're doing a lot of foods, man. We're playing by the rules here
It's a league game
Twirl up you curl up your wrist put a bunch of fucking crank in your spank
We don't play out and knock that ball clean into the air
Listen, I know you can blow on it to adjust the trajectory
You're the bad boy the bad boy of foosball just and I know that but we've talked about this that's gonna get us disqualified
We're never gonna get that prize money to save the rec center
Door dash is listening to this right now and they're like part of the fucking ad because these boys are wild
Was that in there is the must-be-read verbatim part
It says here ad-lib foosball skit so you guys did that and I'll tell you about door dash which is the thing I use
Several times a week at this point to get delicious dinners and lunches and breakfasts is sent to my house
But more often than not it's to get you know
Medicines and an onion sent to my house because every time I go to the store
I always forget an onion because I just assume we have them at home and we never do because we could also send an onion
To someone else's house as a threat. No, I don't know that door. I don't know that door-dash would want us to say that
That's probably a good point hey timeout on the door-dash ad go on and say that Travis is a Joker is is Jared Leto's Joker actually
Yeah, I got fucking door-dash last night. I got el ranchito brought me that case. I beat it. Oh god. Oh my goodness
Oh my god shit. Well, how do they have that?
What I'm just surprised that they have that they have everything on door-dash all my local all my favorite local haunts are there?
including el ranchito
Do they have advertising itself in its windowed as the party after the pandemic?
That's popping off at el ranchito do they have flapjacks tenapis on door-dash
I'm jackson Opus is now the foe place that didn't close
Is that what it's called?
But flap flapjacks tenapis is dead and gone flapjacks tenapis is dead and gone
It was replaced by foe you and me to compete with
The other foe place that you time has a race that's gone in the time or because it little house noodle house chicken and pho
I think that one was called. All right for a limited time. Our listeners can get 20. Oh wait
We're back in the ad time in time in add you're paying for this again
Time in time for a limited time
our listeners can get 25% off and zero delivery fees on their first order of $15 or more when you download the door-dash app and
Enter code my bambam
That's 25% off up to a $10 value and zero delivery fees on your first order when you download the door-dash app in the app store
And enter code M B M B A M
Don't forget that's code my bambam for 25% off with your first order with door-dash subject to change terms apply
Max fun drive is just around the corner
Starting April 25th
It's the best time of the year to support your favorite shows by becoming a max fun member or upgrading your membership in just two weeks
We've got some great episodes and amazing. Thank you gifts in store. And who knows maybe a few surprises
Don't forget bonus content. So make sure to tune in starting Monday April 25th to get all the juicy details on what each show has in store
You
Look it's a rough world out there, especially lately I get it
So let's take care of our minds as best we can I'm John Moe host of depression mode with John Moe every week
I talk with comedians actors writers musicians
Doctors therapists and everyday folks about the obstacles that our world and our brains throw in front of us depression
Anxiety traumatic stress all those mental health challenges that are way more common and more treatable than you might think
The first time I went to therapy I was so ashamed and I was like can't believe I gotta go in there
Like I thought I could be a man and Humphrey Bogart was never in therapy
And my dad said yeah, but he smoked a carton of cigarettes a day
Give your mind a break. Give yourself a break and join me for depression mode with John Moe
You
Have another question, okay. Yeah do it for the past six months or so
I've been playing wiggle by Jason Derulo featuring Snoop Dogg for my district manager
Whenever he comes in the store, I of course just wanted to hit you guys with the samples
So we all know we're talking about here. Sure seems okay. So you get the idea
No, I need more how much you have any play to to the millisecond?
Let's play as much of Jason Derulo on our podcast as we are legally allowed to do
Just a little bit. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. We're passing. We're passing
Okay. Oh man, I'm dugging like crazy over here. Yeah, I wish you guys could see my Dougie
So you'd know what to do with that big fat button. Yeah wiggle
It's pretty explicitly clear
Explicitly clear wiggling. I in fact, mr. Derulo if you're listening
You probably could have left a slightly longer pause for me to answer
Because you asked me a question and then you answered your own question rude
Yeah, cuz I I'm still reeling from the fact that you said I have a big fat butt
And I don't even know what to do with it
And I know you probably meant it in a complimentary way
But I was not ready for that and that's not how I like to think about my own but this is a workplace
Anyway, the initial intent was to get into wiggle wiggle. Just yeah, obviously. Yeah, it's right there
Now I would settle for him just acknowledging that the song exists because it's escalated to be playing the song on repeat
Every time he visits and he has not said a single word about it. Yeah, the biggest problem is that it's an awful song
What what?
Did you I don't think you were listening
What are we talking about the same song? Oh
I turn my Bluetooth off, but you get it
This we are so far past fair use now, this is our most that's a difference or okay
So I was just buying the ringtone on my phone. Sorry, go on
Man, I think a good ringtone would start right at you know what to do with that big shop
Yeah, let's see. Hold on. Let's see what I don't know. No, no, no, no, no
Yeah, and then it wouldn't good I'm very tempted I'm sorely tension. Oh, I just did it
Okay, got it I'll keep wings of love okay
How much wiggling is to it? When should I cut my losses? How much wiggling is too much? That's from done with the Rulo in Denver
You
Run the risk of being sorry go on you started to do a prank right and you wanted to
Establish it says here. I don't think this part got read
The biggest problem is it's an awful song and I have to listen to it every time and the whole store has developed a Pavlovian
Response to him coming in. So basically the premise of this question is I tried to do a prank, but I was the pranky doodle-dandy
yes, and
Now should I stop doing this thing that I don't like I would I would push back against the terminology of prank
To say like a fun
Interaction because it doesn't seem like there's no
Prank here. I played a song and I thought it would be funny if I played it and you wiggled
I mean a skit a bit. Yeah a bit a bit. Well, we'll call it a bit. It's a bit
It's a fine. I think prank implies even a small modicum of like
Cruelty it's well, I mean when we did prank you doodle-dandy
and
I told I
Told Lynn that he could have BAFTA these nuts and that wasn't that was coming from a place of like love and fun
And I think that you can I think that you can do a fun prank
I feel like this is definitely in that vein. No one's getting hurt here except you
It sounds like because you really don't like the song which is weird to me because it beats ass
It the one thing is the song whips ass. So let's start there. The second thing is like
the
You your boss beat you
You know you lost you lost. Yeah, you lose sir. Yeah, good day you lost you tried to prank him
He made you play this song that you don't like so many times every time he enters the room and just right in the room
You have to play this song you hate you he he reversed it on you. Yeah, you got reversed
That's tough. Sorry
That's tough
This is the term cut your losses is literally for this very
Because the thing is is like you're not going to regain like how much are you going too much?
Well, apparently negative like because I have been in this position before and I guarantee you
Every time your district managers come on you play this you have scrutinized
Them hips to see if there's even a little wiggle. Yeah, so that you could claim victory and just to take your failure
one step further
There's no way your district manager didn't realize what was happening the first time you did it
They realize what was happening and they did not give you the satisfaction of a response
You have been so thoroughly bested that it's time for you to start to stop this one
Unless you secretly do like the song and that's fine. Be proud of it. It's beats ass
But you need to start working on some new material knowing now your your district manager's steely resolve
To not at least be like what is this Bob? This is so good, right to just not even acknowledge it
It's actually some next-level shit
You could write your own song
That's like, you know what to do with that big fat, but don't wiggle stay still
That's right like that. Don't acknowledge me. Keep going. Oh, you're cutting places
Oh, you're here to lay off a bunch of people. Oh
Oh
We're facing extreme hardship. Oh, okay. Oh, it's a it's a branch closing
okay with that big fat, but and like
See how that goes. What if the original song did go, you know what to do with that big fat, but manage the disc
Encourage employees record highs profit and loss statements
Um
Should we do another question is there I actually have a submission here. This is not okay
Yeah, it's just like from from Meeps
Who emailed?
this Quora
Discussion
Elevate the discourse in our show a little bit more show elevating the discourse Meeps
Got surfaced a question on Quora
that
Was this just that the Meeps could only see the question. Okay. The question was could you fight a horse?
Could you fight a horse Meeps had to make a an account? Oh boy Quora and
To see the answers and Meeps was right to do this
Because now Meeps shared the answers with me and only a few people weighed weighed in on this
so I just wanted to
Just wanted to share their answers with you very quickly. Yeah, is that is that okay? Yeah
Okay, so and and you tell me who you think this is the question that I want to pose you guys out here
I read these and I'll try to truncate them because some of them really get into the weeds
But I just want you to tell me who knows the most about horses. Okay, okay
Fight a horse. This is Jaden fight a horse. Well now if you're talking about fighting a bucking wild horse while you're on its back
Heck yeah, I've done it many times before
Sure, I've gotten thrown trampled and broken a bow from being bucked
But that's part of the experience of breaking a horse or being a rodeo
Now if you're not the horses back and you're fighting them sure you could find a horse from the ground
It's kind of wrangling a horse. All you need is rope. I've ripped a few horses from the ground
It was very hard the rearing bucking moving made it harder. Plus it hurts if you get kicked. Yeah
Yeah, that's sort of the main reason people aren't out there fighting horses
And it kind of seems like the horse was whipping your ass, right? But if you had no rope you could still win
I've tried this many times. It's an experience trying
Don't run off and try this. So I have a wild bucking untamed horse running around a pin
I'm standing in the middle first. I put my arms up ready charges at me
I put them into a t-shape and act like a fence. Oh good start
I put my arms into a t-shape and act like a fence and don't move
They will stop unless you shit get out and move
Awesome. How can you get it? Can you guarantee that?
After they stop they may rear and buck but clap your hands together and make them run around the pin clap stop
Whatever make the horse run. I didn't realize when you say break you meant like their mind because a fence just clapped at them
Right when it's just like I gotta fucking stop. There's a fence
Whoa
Once man fence
Once he's running around and tries to come back to you
Keep him out there until he lowers his head or licks his lips in a sign of submission
Hold on, then let him come to you. You have one. How does he like?
He wants to join your herd. That would be different
There's different ways to lick one's lips to show submission versus like, alright fuck let's do this
I'm gonna kill you. Come on Bob. Let them come to you. You have one
He wants to join your herd because you seem like unless he's so yeah, I can fight a horse. Oh
Man that's a good question. It's a good question. Now. I have another answer here
This from kata you can fight anything
Well that said a horse is much stronger and much quicker than a human if a horse were really determined to kill you you would
Be physically unable to do anything except perhaps
Climb a tree or something. Yes, and that only if you're really quick about it now
this is an excellent, I love a good pedantic answer because
It doesn't say could you win in a fight against a horse, but simply could you fight a horse? Yes
Yeah, it's also not like
Can you kill a horse?
Yeah, I mean like if you get in a fight with a person most of the time you're not like so I can kill them
Right. Sorry cata cata continues. Oh, yeah, we have one really important advantage. Oh guys
What would you guess weapons really important opposable weapons?
Opposable thumbs, okay. No the ability of abstract thought
Oh, of course the take for example around pin
Uh-huh. It is a round space some 12 or 16 meters in diameter
Once the exercises are done with a wild horse is to make him run circles around you that makes the horse see for himself that
You are faster, however fast they run. You can still come in front of them. This has a profound effect on the horse's mind. Whoa
Wow, okay, the horses are so wicked stoops
Is what you're saying they don't understand things moving through physical space
Okay
There's one last answer. I just want to just just tack on here from Raymond
Can a human successfully fight a fist fight a horse?
I
Raised horses, huh? My grandfather captured wild horses and domesticated them for sale
Okay, one previous answer mentioned a horse will most likely run away. This is true
That one that doesn't it will end you huh? Whoa, holy shit Wow
They're likely to outweigh you five times or six times as mentioned in another answer
Their teeth will leave gaping wounds in your flesh. Holy shit. Their preferred method is to charge you bowl you over rear up and tramp
Oh, yeah
Your only defense is to run if you're in a coral and try to box a horse
Just Justin just real quick. Probably a corral. I read the word that was written
Okay, if you're in a coral and you try to box a horse that wanted to end you one of two things that happened
You would be so busted up you would wish for death or your friends and family would be attending your wake
Horses are intelligent mountains of muscle. Oh best to respect them now
Yeah, if you go in there boxing with the Queensbury rules, yes, you gotta go in there do some street fight, right?
You guys track you gotta do a star
You were throwing sand your you know, bobbing and weaving and tucking and rolling
You know what? I mean? I'm not can I tell you guys my problem with this question?
They're only thinking about it quite literally could you fight a horse but I would add in a couple words there
Could you bring yourself to fight a horse?
Right you walk up there and you're like, all right, let's do this. I I feel terrible
You broke your leg. I gotta put you down, but I'm gonna do it because I love you so much with these two hands
Right. I'm not gonna use some highfalutin gun
I'm gonna do it with these two hands and you roll but then you look them in the eye
You're like goddamn don't look at me like that. Don't look at me like that fight back fight back
Thanks so much for listening to our podcast
We hope you have enjoyed yourself today and you have fun and we're so happy to have you as always
Thank you. Your time is the greatest gift you give us. So thanks. Oh
Wow, that was just really sincere. I was taking it back. That's it. Yeah, I thought I was gonna go longer
But then here's another sincere thing sincerely check out the 20 rendezvous fancy takes flight to her
Tickets for all shows are on sale now at bit.ly
slash McElroy tours
It's gonna be listen. It's gonna be what it's gonna be. We haven't been on tour in a while. We have it. It's
Listen the rust might make it more fun or it might be fun to watch us totally beef it on stage
But at the very least we'll be dressed up fancy and you can dress up fancy, too
And yeah, I try if you want to dress up fancy. I think that'd be a fun fun vibe
I think I'm gonna go. I think I'm gonna go get a tux. Oh, yeah
Yeah, I think I'm gonna go get some ducks
Okay. Well, let's come up nothing
We're gonna be next week. We're gonna be in st. Louis the week
For I'm sorry next week. I'm st. Louis
420 that's gonna be my brother my brother me with wonderful
Kansas City the next night the 21st
That's my bim-bam with Schmaner's and then Minneapolis on the 22nd, and I'll just be my bim-bam no saw bones
Unfortunately, this is going to be my brother my brother just us. Sorry guys. Oh just us, but it'll be a raunchy
extra-raunchy and
On April 23rd the next night. There is a Taz show you can find tickets to all those bit.ly forward slash McElroy tours
It's going to be fun and fancy and we're really looking forward to getting back out there
And if you if you if you could come it would just really god. That'd be great. Yeah, it'd be really cool
Because if people don't come they don't let us do anymore
They let us do them, but we have to do them at like 4h fairs and like, you know
like
VFW's and stuff like that. Yeah, so
Yeah, so come to the show. We've got a bunch of them. You can find them all there including a virtual show in May
So don't miss that. It is important to note mask and proof of full vaccination or negative COVID tests within 72 hours of event
Start is required
So make sure that you have that
Taz game expansion pack available for pre-order. That's right
If you have our Taz board game from together studios
We've got 70 new cards over 70 new cards. You can pre-order that at together studios. That's T
W O together studios.com also available for pre-order is a set of the five Taz 20-sided dice
That's you know, the dice with like one through six three times on you know, you use them in the game
It's got the Bureau of Balance logo on them. It's really beautiful. We got the Taz Bureau of Balance dice bag
So go check that out together studios.com
And dad has written a children's book called Goldie's guide to grandchilding. It comes out on May 10th
You can pre-order that now at link tree slash Goldie's guide
And then make sure you check out our merch store at McRoy merch comm we got a I think personally very cute
Schmaner's poster over there
We restocked the Taz dice and 10% of all merch proceeds this month go to the transgender law center
So check that out at McRoy merch comm
Thank you to montaigne for these for a theme song. My life is better with you
it's a bopper and a showstopper and a soccer bopper a soccer bopper and it's called the copters and
Yeah, thanks to maximum fun for having us on the network
Okay, what do you mean I want to hear a celebrity impression, okay? Yeah, tell me who and I'll do it Steve. Who's Jimmy?
I'm Griffin McElroy. It's from my brother my brother. He gets your bad score on the list. Classic boosh
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
