The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody. As you can tell from the jingle bell noises, the Griffin has edited
into the show. It's jingle jingle jingle jingle jingle jingle jingle jingle jingle.
That's the word jingle said over and over again.
It's onomatopoetic. Candle Nights has possibly begun,
or maybe it hasn't. My name is Justin McElroy, and I'm your oldest brother.
I'm Travis McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother.
I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy, and Justin, you bring up a great point.
We are in the phase of Candle Nights where the holiday is part of sort of a quantum state
where you're not really sure if it's crack-a-lack. Griffin, that's exactly what I was thinking.
Yeah, like if you're observing it, it exists, but right now I don't see it anywhere.
I don't see it in my heart or the hearts of my fellow men and women.
This is the thing about Candle Nights that is so important.
A lot of people ask us, when does it start? I don't know.
That's the thing. The magical thing is it starts at different times for literally
every single human being.
Someday you're just gonna be walking down the street and you'll see
like two people very much in love or smelling some roasted nuts in the air.
Yeah.
And you'll think, it has begun. This is the season.
Last summer I saw Guardians of the Galaxy in theater and I was like,
oh shit, early Candle Nights for me. And I had to celebrate it for like six months.
It was exhausting.
I'm pretty sure Candle Nights is a serious medical condition.
If you or someone you love has Candle Nights for more than four months,
you should consult a doctor.
I did. I did. Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, they just, they were all-
They were up in the mix.
They instilled it inside of me. They birthed the seed from my-
What about Rocket Cooper?
Yes, him too.
The problem with a lot of holidays is like, is it too early to start doing X?
But with Candle Nights, that doesn't exist because it's,
whatever you feel in your heart is a-
Justin, you shouldn't do X to see at holidays.
Yes.
What?
Yes, you should.
You should do X to see at holidays.
Right. That's true. I should roll Molly every school.
They've made it a sweet honeypot of sensory experiences
with all those twinkly lights and jingly bells and sweet savory treats.
There's a, it is a pansexual, panreligious,
or is it panreligious, pansexual? That's the order.
Whatever, whatever it is.
It's a panreligious, pansexual, personal pan holiday,
and there are no rules. It is just right.
That's the other thing about Candle Nights.
You start celebrating whenever you want.
Is Santa in it? You know he is.
Does it got some menorahs? It does indeed.
Yep.
Does it got that Chevy wine?
Last night I went to a Hanukkah party
and I got chorned on that Chevy wine, damn.
Here's the thing, here's the great thing about Candle Nights
is that it is also Hanukkah and Christmas.
It absorbs all other holidays into itself.
And winter solstice and Kwanzaa and there's probably others.
Speaking of Candle Nights giving, by the way,
we did this thing last year called NBNBM Angels
where people helped out some less fortunate families
in the Huntington, West Virginia area
where we are all hailing from.
I am gonna, I've got the list
and I'm gonna be spooling that back up today
if you wanna get into it. Hell yeah.
Last year, do you guys remember what we did last?
We said like thank, yeah, if you helped out,
we recorded thank yous to you.
And I think we do that again, like let's just do it.
Yeah, yeah.
Commit to it right now on the show.
So if you go to our Facebook group,
we'll hammer out the details there
and tell you all the particulars,
but we're gonna save an entire town,
save Christmas for an entire city
and who else could say that besides the Grinch?
I think Ernest.
Ernest does, okay, I have a question
because I'm not gonna watch it.
Is Ernest Save Christmas the one where he gets the superpowers?
Well, okay.
No, that's Ernest goes to jail and gets.
Well, that's where he gets the electric powers.
I think in Ernest gets stupid, he gets powers.
God.
I think he gets powers in a lot.
Ernest goes to camp and then he cries by a window.
Is he like rogue?
Does he just, does he get new superpowers
every installment of his?
Guys, I watched a holiday movie the other day
called Mixed Nuts starring Steve Martin.
Oh boy, that's a little bit of a dark one for.
Yeah, I was told it was gonna put me in the holiday spirit
and it gave me negative holiday spirit points.
Why is that?
It detracted from my sum total.
I don't know, I think it has something to do with the fact
that it's all about a suicide hotline
and then at one point in the movie,
they just merc Gary Shandling.
They just killed Gary Shandling.
They no scope Gary Shandling.
They do, they no scope 360, no scope Gary Shandling
and then like two people have sex
like literally two and a half minutes after
they no scope Gary Shandling and it's like cool movie.
Come here Santa Claus, I'm ready for you now.
And they camped Shandling's respawn.
So that's, oh God, it just gets gross.
They troll the respawn Shandling.
Let's do some questions.
Yeah, let's help some people.
I think we're, I'm ready to get on it.
All right, here's our first question.
As my dad gets closer and closer to retirement,
it's become obvious to his children
that he doesn't have any hobbies.
What's more is my mom seems to get a bit annoyed with him
when he works from home and has free time.
Can you guys think of any good hobby ideas
for a spreadsheet loving math nerd like my dad?
My dad is dull in Durham.
Oh, that's the inner name.
They're not just like stating their dad's dull.
My dad's dull.
Additional information if needed, I should say so.
He is an actuarial consultant.
Don't know what it is, can't say it.
He's an actual consultant.
He played the trumpet in high school.
He's cheap and I don't think he has the patience
to build model ships.
I like the last one because it's like,
I know what you guys are about to say.
Let me cut you off before you say it.
Before you say model ships, model ships is out.
That's right out.
Okay, what if he loves spreadsheets, right?
Statistics, what if he starts statistically
like quantifying really like unimportant things?
If he was like, if you look at my bar graph,
this is how many times that bird landed
on our air conditioner.
So you want him to go insane.
You wanna make this person's dad become an insane dad.
Check out my insane dad.
Maybe he could use statistics and numbers
to find out what the most pleasurable hobby for him would be
and that's his hobby.
I like that a lot.
And then he dies.
It's canoes.
No, I spent too long cracking the canoe code.
He starts by paint my numbers and he sees like,
well, that would be less satisfying,
but it would be good time spent,
but there's a lot of cleanup.
So I'm wasting minutes there.
That's not the most efficient way
for me to spend my retirement.
So then maybe he'll put a four next to that
on the spreadsheet.
Wait, out of what?
A thousand.
He hates paying my numbers.
Yeah, one of the worst hobbies you can have.
Can you just make a hobby out of maybe
just following this spreadsheet thread,
just put every number into a spreadsheet
and just every day,
like maybe you put in like a bunch more numbers.
Good work today.
I did four through 10.
Yeah.
Well, hopefully you could do more numbers.
He doesn't say he's good at it.
Okay.
It's a good point.
He would get better eventually,
but yeah, Trav, I guess starting now.
Could he use statistics and his actuarial knowledge
to be an elderly crime solver?
Or like murder she wrote,
but it'll be like murder she mathed.
I don't think there's anything there.
No, I don't.
You know, when you take crime statistics
and then you find like a murderer.
Yeah, I don't know how to use Excel,
but I'm pretty sure you can't just put like gun
and then under that blood splatter
and then under that.
Sulfur X.
Sulfur.
Well, under that, just like Mark and his wife
were having trouble.
And then you highlight all of that
and you click resolve
and it's like definitely Mark is the killer.
I didn't watch it,
but isn't this what the show numbers was actually about?
Like, isn't this what the plot of numbers
that you're describing, Travis?
Except in my show,
it's shot from the perspective of Judd Hirsch.
For my show, it's shot from the perspective of the numbers.
Seven, eight, nine.
What are they thinking?
13.
Well, that's a rough burden to bear.
What does he do in his off time
when he's not being a number
and representing a concrete amount of things?
The trumpet in high school, I think,
unless he got so good at trumpet
that he was like,
well, I've mastered this.
Gotta put this down.
No need to continue playing trumpet.
Kind of how like Louis Armstrong was like,
I beat trumpets.
I finished it.
Anybody have anything else for me to play?
Maybe you wanna get him in like,
okay, you've got your model trains, right?
You've got your whittling.
Maybe you wanna get him into something
that's so like non sequitur old man hobby.
Like what if he gets really into like being a house DJ?
Fuck yeah.
This is my dad.
We're going wakeboarding later.
Yeah, something where it's just like,
oh yeah, listen, we don't want you to be sedentary.
We want something that'll get you out there.
Now you're like an extreme mountain biker.
We're taking you to the burn, dad.
Hey dad, we're going to the burn.
Did you see my dad's Red Bull stunt reel?
It's blowing up on YouTube.
Did you hear my dad got to deal with bird house?
My dad's amazing.
He's a skate king.
He's king of skate.
He's king of skate.
This is how cool my dad is that he has things.
He has names and titles and I don't even know about him.
He's too elite for me.
This is my elite dad.
I need to go to the video game store.
I'm going to buy Mark's Dad Pro Skater 5.
I got cheat codes for Mark's Dad Pro Skater 5.
I can do a 900, easy.
When they put the Spider Dad into Mark's Dad Pro Skater 5,
I was like, it's a little much.
But when they had Dad Maul in there, that was better.
Do you guys want a Yahoo answer?
Do you remember when Dad Margera was the star
of Mark's Dad Pro Skater Underground?
Of the hit TV show, Jack Dad.
Dadass.
Hey guys, welcome to Dadass.
This Yahoo was sent in by Level 9000 Yajuru Drew
in Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yajuru Answers user Cassidy.
Cassidy asks, what's the difference between toke and blaze?
Good one.
You're in the right place, Cassidy.
I told someone I'd like to toke with them sometime.
Mm-hmm.
Which is crazy.
Which is a crazy thing to say.
Which is a narc thing to say.
It's a total narc thing to say.
I told someone I'd like to toke with them sometime.
And they said, they don't toke, they blaze.
Hello, fellow young people.
Are we all toking today?
And I never knew there was a difference.
So can someone explain it to me?
This is definitely two cops trying to bust each other, right?
Wait, are you a cop?
Yeah.
Are you?
Yes.
Damn it.
Damn it.
Not again.
Fell for each other's web.
We have to get on the same page with this.
Okay, to try to answer the question in a concrete way.
To me, I feel like toke is the act of one inhalation of marijuana.
And I believe that blaze would just be the entire experience
of smoking marijuana.
Everything from like-
It's like squares and rectangles.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, like toking is part of blazing,
but like blazing includes buying posters.
And like having them at the place where you're going is life.
Yeah, it's like blaze life.
Every blaze is a toke.
But not every toke is a blaze.
Some tokes are rips.
Yes.
And some are chunky cheevers.
That is true, Travis. Some are chunky cheevers of that sweet green leaf.
Didn't even think about that.
It's a complicated little Venn diagram.
I feel like you can toke alone, but you can only blaze in a group.
That's actually a really good indicator, I think,
for an important marijuana distinction.
There are some slang terms for smoking marijuana
that are going to sound ridiculous if you say them by yourself.
If you say like, hey, what are you doing?
I'm just getting blazed by yourself.
Bummer, summer.
Wow, that's a really big bummer.
You're getting blazed.
But I feel like you can chill by yourself.
Yeah, just chilling.
Netflix and pot.
Is that what the kids do?
I Netflix and chilled myself.
I can't believe I fell for it.
I just don't get why it would be so important to you
to draw the distinction to another living, breathing human being.
Hey, don't say, no, I don't.
How dare you?
Toke, I blaze.
It seems weird to me that you would be the kind of person
that only blazed and did not toke.
But is toke, does toke some way like,
connote that you like don't commit to the blaze life?
That you're like, oh, you're just a toker.
You just dip your toke in the water.
You don't even, you're not going for it.
To me, the difference is, and in my mind's eye,
the difference is you toke, you're smoking marijuana.
You blaze, you smoke marijuana, and then as soon as you're done,
like throw your arms way open wide
and just embrace the entire experience
and just announce that you're blazed.
That seems to be the difference.
I guess you guys are just making me rethink my whole thing
because I thought I was living a 420 blaze life,
but I just, it feels like maybe that's all a lie.
This has been a reverse intervention.
You're not doing enough drugs, Kerbin.
Do you think that maybe you misheard them
and they say, I don't toke, I laze?
And they were talking about eating chips.
They just eat, they just enjoy lazed potato chips
whenever their urge to smoke weed gets to them.
Or were you talking to an old American gladiator
who's saying, no, I'm not toke, I'm blaze.
That's possible.
I could have sworn you were a turbo.
No, actually, I'm blaze.
I'm blaze, but I get that a lot.
We usually travel together just to make it easier on people.
What if there were American gladiators,
like they ended in a new season.
It launched on April 20th
and all of the gladiators were weed slang.
They all were like, I'm pot cloud.
That's not weed slang.
What are you talking about?
I was just saying words.
You guys want to breathe in this pot cloud with me tonight?
430, what?
That's just a time.
That's what time we were going to do it though.
It's one of the, 420 is one of the great ironies of pot
because it requires that people smoke weed
and also be punctual.
That doesn't seem fair.
Why do you have to also worry about that?
I was also about to say that it's a problem
if you have like a nine to five job,
but it's probably not.
It's probably not an issue.
An ish, no.
I have to leave right now, but it's not five o'clock.
It's only 410.
I know, please let me go.
I'm going to miss it.
There's an answer here that says toke
is just a couple of small hits,
but blazing is smoking a lot.
See, I mean, I feel like we got it.
What if you start toking,
but then you get interrupted by something else
and you can't fulfill the blaze requirement.
Or what if you start intending to only toke
and suddenly realize you've blazed.
Oh no.
Yeah, that's a better bill.
I've got a bris to go to.
I didn't mean to blaze.
I accidentally got blazed.
Oh no, I can't come to work today, boss.
It happened again.
Hey, that's understandable.
That's a perfectly valid wanting to toke,
but accidentally getting blazed.
I don't think this will affect Blockbuster's business at all.
I think it'll be fine.
Take it from me, the CEO of Blockbuster.
Jimmy Blockbuster.
I'm a cool laid back CEO.
Everything's going great.
People will always need videos.
VHS is the future.
I hope no one's stealing our posters.
What do you need, Blade 2?
Quit joking around, we got it.
We should order 18 copies,
just in case people want to get multiple copies of Blade 2.
Hey, do you know how you could go to the grocery store
and get a box of popcorn for three cents?
How about we sell you a fake tub of it for $8?
Just like a movie theater.
Please don't steal.
Here's a very large box of Twizzlers.
Isn't that the metric by which you always wanted to enjoy Twizzlers?
Buy the box.
Because that's what we've got for you.
Enjoy these waxy strings forever.
Enjoy these terrible waxy candy strings forever.
It's a punishment you buy for yourself.
Buy the box.
Apparently.
Hey, do you love that snowcaps flavor at the movie theater?
But I always wonder why nobody sells those candies anywhere else.
Well, good news, Blockbuster.
Enjoy these and showgirls, whatever.
Yeah, whatever.
No judgment here, judgment-free zone.
I'm glad God punished Blockbuster for their hubris.
They just got too big.
I got another question here.
What is the best way to tell someone
they're driving the wrong way on a one-way street?
Oh, man.
This has happened to me three times in the last two months.
I tried, what if it's him?
How do I tell everybody that they're driving
the wrong way on this one-way street I found?
I tried honking loudly, flashing my lights,
and gesturing forcefully.
But the first two times, they just drove on
by going the wrong way.
And one guy actually flipped me off.
I'm not sure what else to do outside crossing into their lane
and forcing them to swerve off the road.
I'm pretty sure this is a bad idea.
That's Kevin from Kansas.
Yeah, Kevmo.
I bet that guy who flipped him off felt real stupid
like five seconds later.
He was like, fuck you.
Oh, God.
Oh, I was wrong.
Oh, no.
It's my bad.
I want to strongly, strongly caution you against this idea
of trying to run people off the road.
I don't understand why, when there's a little bit
of a traffic confusion, it has to turn into Mad Max right away.
Here in Los Angeles, traffic laws mean nothing.
I mean nothing to people.
And you would be amazed, Justin, at how often that kind of...
I've seen people waiting, they get stuck in traffic
because we're all trying to merge under one tiny ass road
to get over a mountain.
And people will drive up onto a sidewalk because they're like,
but I want to go now.
And they'll just go up on a sidewalk
and then get back in line.
They just want to.
They want to then.
No, officer, you don't understand.
I want you now.
I need you now, sir.
Please, I want to.
Why wouldn't you let me do this?
Can't you see that I want it?
I want to be there.
Why don't you get this?
I would like to be there now, please.
And I'm back here.
And can't you see how angry that is making me?
I need to turn left out of the right-hand lane.
I don't think there's a good way of telling people.
I mean, once...
Okay, here's the problem.
So once they're out of the range at which you could tell them,
like once you realize like,
oh, that person's doing this bad thing.
I got to do something to warn them.
By the time you've had that realization,
they're already in your rear view.
I mean, there's somebody else's problem now.
You've just got to go on with your day
because you don't have time to worry about that anymore.
You've got other things to worry about.
You've got a demanding job.
You've got kids that have to go to school.
Like you're busy right now.
You don't have time.
Let me roll this idea up into a little sticky ball
and throw it at the two of you and see what happens.
Can we get CV radios in every car?
I have wanted this technology forever.
I've always wanted this.
So that's an easy fix, right?
Like, hey compadre, you're breaking the rules.
Let me turn up the dial, Griffin, with this.
Please, please, please.
You take the concept of like emojis, right?
And you have like pre-programmed,
like you're going the wrong way or you're an asshole
or like that's not a turn lane.
Just buttons that you push
and it just like beams a robotic like voice into their CV
because you're driving.
We don't want to institute like more distraction.
So you just press a button
and like maybe it's an LED display on their dash
or it's a voice.
It's like you're going the wrong way.
You're saying to limit distraction instead of saying,
hey buddy, you're driving the wrong way.
You want to look down into a virtual keyboard
and swipe through until you find the correct emoji
and then tap in maybe a few emojis to send their way.
And then it appears on their screen.
Of course, they have to close.
They have to like activate the notification
in order to view your emojis.
Well, maybe we make it more ergonomic than that, Griffin.
We put the buttons around the steering wheel,
like on the back of the steering wheel.
So you're hitting it with your fingertips
and it becomes just secondary nature.
I hate to quibble,
but if we're creating technology to make cars safer
and we're trying to figure out a scientific technological way
to communicate to a driver
that he's going the wrong way on a wrong way street,
perhaps the most efficient, elegant solution to that
is not have other drivers notice
and then try to text them the information.
Perhaps their car could tell them
that they were doing this terrible thing.
Yes, and I think this conversation
is probably how we ended up with the car horn
because logically, if we keep going down this road
for like another couple of hours,
the three of us are just gonna agree like,
what if you just have one big button on your car
that just went, hey?
And then that can be sort of a catch all
for you're doing something wrong.
What if a turtle in a cloud flew over
and fishing line down and picked you up
and turns you back around?
Yeah, all right.
The problem with the car horn though
is that it doesn't, through years,
any word used repeatedly is gonna become,
like I'll use, you know, stupid for a while, right?
Like stupid meant bad and then in an Orwellian style,
stupid eventually meant good
and I think it's probably means bad again.
But the important thing is that any word used long enough
will start to lose its meaning and change and evolve.
The car horn initially did mean like,
hey, let's drive a little safer please
or hey, please pay attention.
But now, through years of misuse,
it's like people only honk ironically.
Yeah, it can mean anything.
It can mean anything.
It could be like, hey, my team is the best at sports today.
They won sports.
Or it could just be like a proclamation of like,
I'm here, I'm here.
I am here.
Or what's this button do?
Oh man, it makes a lot of noise.
Well, that's why you gotta couple it with something,
make it a word and a blow.
You know what I mean?
So we do the horns and then you have like,
almost like semaphore.
You have different hand signals.
I see what you're saying.
So you're saying like three quick horns means,
Jeremy, I'm outside.
Also, I wanna jump in.
It's 2015, everyone owns a phone
and has it within six inches of them at all time.
Please stop honking your horns to pick people up
at six o'clock in the morning.
What are you doing?
It's 2015.
Don't honk the horn, you asshole.
As long as we're putting people on blast,
this one goes out to our dad.
Speaking of phones.
Hey dad.
Hey dad, when you decide you get a wild hair
and you wanna text Travis at 5.30 in the morning,
his time, 8.30 in the morning, your time,
7.30 in the morning, Griffin's time,
an acceptable excuse to that is not,
I didn't think you'd have your phone near you.
Where else would it be?
It's 2015.
I talked about that afterwards.
I die without it.
I die if I don't know where it is
and it's not touching me at all times, I die, dad.
Time for bed, gotta carry my phone downstairs
to the living room.
Where else would it be?
What if someone needs me?
Yes, they don't.
But let me hit you guys with another idea I just had.
And this one's the real winner.
You're not gonna even put dad on blast for a second.
This one, well, he's, you know.
I roll out the mat and you guys just walk by.
I blasted him.
I blasted him.
I flavor blasted him.
He's of a different generation.
I'm always happy to hear from our father.
Listen, let me hit you guys with this
because I'm all about increasing goodwill in the world.
You got the one horn now and that one horn,
yes, Justin, as you said, could mean anything.
But most of the time it means hey, dipshit.
I would like to suggest that all cars come with three horns
and it can be like three different sections
in the middle of the steering wheel.
And that'll probably be good too
because if the airbag has to pop out,
it gives it like a little natural sort of like space
for it to blast out from.
It's perforated.
It's perforated, yes, Travis.
So you still have the hey, dipshit button, right?
But then we could have a more neutral horn
or a special occasion horn.
And then if you hear that one go off,
it just means like, oh, that person's doing their own thing.
They're celebrating the winning of a sports team
or something like that.
It's not traffic related.
Non-traffic related, this is just a sound horn.
But then you get that third horn.
They just want to make noise.
They just want to make noise.
I get that because sometimes you're in traffic
and you realize that like nobody can move.
It's not like somebody's just sitting there,
but you want to like express something.
You want to be a part of the conversation, right?
So maybe when you drive by and it's like,
hit this up if you're voting for gore
and then you sound just your sound horn
because if you honk your danger horn,
then people are gonna think you're in danger.
Third horn though, third horn is the great job horn.
And you do this if somebody does like a dope brake
and like stops from hitting the car in front of them,
which like slammed on their brakes
and you'd be like, oh man, that was a close one.
Great job.
And you just hit them up with that
and they say, oh, thank you.
Or somebody does a dope ass parallel park
in like a tight, tight spot.
Like, oh, great job.
Or they pull out of a spot
and then they block the car that like rolled up
to try to steal the spot that you were clearly waiting on.
They block that car.
When somebody does that, great job.
If I see somebody do a very quick turn
on the protected left instead of just like sitting there
watching fucking minions in their built-in DVD player,
great job.
I would like to request one tiny horn at the bottom
that's the equivalent of a throat clear
because that's the horn I always need
where it's like, oh, the light's green
and this person hasn't moved yet.
Just a, ahem.
No, that's the pay attention horn.
What were you saying, Justin?
I would like that horn,
the great job horn would be really useful
for that moment when you're driving
and you see someone who is driving the exact same
make, model, and color in your vehicle
and it suddenly becomes the most important thing
in the world that that person and you have a moment.
Is this just, does this just happen to me
where it's like, if I see somebody else driving my car,
they have to notice this is happening.
Doesn't even need to be auto,
it doesn't have to be car to car.
It can be you see a fucking dope ass
Little Caesar sign dancer.
Great dance, great dance.
Oh, this is great too for when you're on those long car trips
and like you and the same red car
have been on the highway just trading places
for the last four hours.
Hell yeah, I love that.
We know we're doing this dance.
We know we in this together.
It's a horn for when you finally have to part ways.
It's like, well, Kimisabi,
I'll see you on down the Otzum Highway.
Great job.
Great job, my friend.
I spent a hell of a time riding with you.
Till we can dance again.
Great job.
Let me just onomatopoe this shit
because we're going to have the danger horn,
which is still like, right?
But then the sound horn sounds like a dorky guy
who just got really scared by something.
Yeah.
And then the sound horn can be like a whoop.
And then the great job horn would just be like, great job.
Great job.
I like it.
I like it's on the nose.
I could never be confused with any of the other horns
because you don't want to honk the great job horn
and have someone be like, what?
Oh, sorry.
That was a great job.
Right?
Like, you don't even want that millisecond of like animosity.
You want them to know right away.
They're like, great job.
I bought a Volkswagen Golf, a new Volkswagen Golf this year,
like two days before they were like we lied.
Gotcha.
And so they've been trying to figure out a way to settle this.
It's not going to cost them like 80 billion euros.
And Volkswagen, can I suggest being the first ones
to the table with this technology?
Replace my horn with these three horns.
And then like, first of all, all will be pardoned.
But second of all, like, I don't know.
I feel like I'll be the leader of cars.
I'll be the king of cars.
Great job.
Great job.
Great job.
Hey, let's go to the money zone.
Great job.
My brother, my brother and me is supported in part by Harry's.
Which part?
Which part?
Which part?
The butt shaving set comes with a copper plated razor handle.
A couple of five blade cartridges, shaving cream,
and a cool travel kit to hold everything.
Hey, what is this bag that has all your shaving stuff in it?
Oh, that's my travel kit.
What is this bag of loose shaving cream?
It's, it's cool.
Yeah, it is.
Holiday shaving sets are all different price points.
They start at $15.
You can go to Harry's.com right now for a special offer for our listeners.
Harry's will give you $5 off your first order with the code,
my brother, and don't wait.
Economy shipping for the holidays ends on December 18th.
That's H-A-R-R-Y-S.com and then enter the code, my brother.
Harry's.com, my brother.
I got a different sponsor this week.
This one sponsored my tummy and it's Squarespace.
I know when I said that you thought, well,
this is probably going to be some sort of edible product.
No, it's Squarespace.
Although these designs are so delicious,
I feel like I'm eating them when I go to a Squarespace website.
But it's too many bites.
Okay, so Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform.
Squarespace sites look professionally designed,
regardless of your skill level, with no coding required.
You can start your free trial site today
with no credit card required at Squarespace.com.
Just use the offer code, my brother, all one word, my brother,
to get 10% off your first purchase.
Squarespace, build it beautiful.
Griffin, what would your trial website be?
Oh my gosh.
Probably some sort of manifesto.
Nice.
You hear that and you think it sounds negative.
It would be like a positive manifesto.
A humanifesto.
Yeah, just like, hey, cut it out.
We have some personal messages
and they have sponsored the part of the show
that is my neck, my back, my pussy, and my crack.
God, no, I can't say.
It's Brent and Jody get a message from Bobby and Chris.
They say, congratulations on bringing another tiny human
into the world.
Hoping you and Jody are doing well and taking it easy.
Here's wishing you two more happy times ahead
with your new little lady.
High fives all around.
I hope from Bobby and Chris.
And it goes to Brent and Jody.
And thank you for having one normal,
hopefully they're not referencing-
It's safe for the introduction, mon frere.
But Justin, that's assuming they're talking about a baby.
They might be talking about like reaching
into some alternate dimension
and pulling like a David the Gnome sized person
into our reality.
And they've captured her in a bell jar.
Maybe they're referring to like a choice potato salad
they all made together.
And it's like a joke, an end joke between them.
Hopefully it's a human baby.
And that's a nice normal message.
And I'm sorry that I spoilt it with my nonsense.
This one unsponsored the shit Justin said.
So these two sponsorships cancel each other out.
This message is for Brain Coral.
And it's from Insign, am I pronouncing that right?
Ensign.
Whatever.
Ensign Ellie and the Fluff Monster.
Ensign Ellie and the Fluff Monster say to Brain Coral-
Mornings at 5 a.m. on K-Flunk.
Happy two years boodle doodle.
I appreciate you and our best friendship so much much.
I love your big blonde noggin and paddle feet
going on movie dates and listening to the brothers together.
Thank you for letting me use your body to learn anatomy
and keeping me sane with cuddles in the boudoir.
Stick with me kid and I will show you the world.
Very personal.
Very, very personal message.
Do they mean for us to read that out loud?
Oh, it says here, please don't read this.
Oh, oh no, it's just this sponsorship.
They paid us money just to read these words.
They wanted us to know.
Yeah, know about our love please.
Congratulations on your two years.
I am also celebrating my two year wedding anniversary today.
Nice.
With my lovely wife Rachel.
What did you get her?
It doesn't matter because Amazon didn't deliver it yet.
Nice.
Pretty cool job Amazon.
We'll run a little late on that one but no big deal.
But anyway, why were you down to the last moment?
I didn't, it was supposed to be her Thursday
and they done fucked the bed, didn't they?
Nice.
They done took a dump right in my anniversary bed.
Great job.
No, not great job.
I hit the wrong button.
Oh, damn it.
This is gonna be the problem with these horns
until we get them figured out.
Hey everyone, we're the Flophouse,
one of the newest additions to the Maximum Fun Podcasting Network.
I'm Dan McCoy.
I'm Stuart Wellington.
And I'm Elliot Kalin.
What is the Flophouse, you may very well ask.
We watch a bad movie and then we talk about it.
A bad movie podcast,
isn't that like every fifth podcast on the internet?
I'd answer that by saying,
one, we've been doing this show for over seven years,
long before the entire premise of our show was a cliche,
and two, shut up.
Sick bird.
I'd say that our show is more of a comedy podcast.
A podcast about words that sound like other words,
a podcast about me singing long irritating songs like this one,
a podcast about pitches for a Ziggy comic book movie,
or discussions about sex tarps.
Yeah, I mean, mostly it's a show about three friends
just hanging out and talking about ding-dongs.
That's mostly used to.
Wait, what?
So if you like any of those things,
subscribe in iTunes today or visit MaximumFun.org
to follow the show.
The Flophouse.
I got another question for you.
How about Yahoo, actually?
I just said that.
I just said it, if you'd listen for a second.
This Yahoo was sent in by Rachel Roseng, Game Recognized Game.
Rachel Roseng, thank you, Rachel.
It's by Yahoo Answers User.
Ooh, they're anonymous.
Let's call them.
Let's see.
Anonymous.
Shenonymous.
Shanana.
Shanana.
Bowser from Shanana.
Bowser from Shanana says,
why do some injections you have to get in the butt?
I had to get a penicillin shot earlier
and the nurse said this one needed to go on my behind.
I honestly really did not feel like going there.
Any place below the belt for me is examined
on an absolutely positively need to basis.
So I told her I'll take it in the arm.
She said, you don't want it there, trust me.
I've been doing this 22 years.
I didn't have to pull my pants all the way down,
but still I just didn't like that
and really would have preferred elsewhere.
I know she was just doing her job,
but what difference does it make
whether it goes in the arm or wherever?
One way or another, it goes right into that bloodstream.
Isn't that what matters?
Okay, what qualifies as a need to basis
if it's not a nurse saying I have to give you penicillin?
What greater need is there to show your butt
to a professional?
Yeah.
Well, they're arguing that that shot
is gonna end up in the blood anyway,
so you can put it anywhere.
You can put it in between my toes.
You can put it in my crankshaft.
You can put it wherever you want.
It's just like, why my butt?
Your butt seems like it's pretty far away from you.
It's like a real melting pot.
Yeah, who knows what's going on down there half the time?
And your butt is so far away from you
that from your head and your face and stuff.
You've said that three times down.
It doesn't make any sense.
Well, think about it, Griffin.
Picture it in the world of like Osmosis Jones, right?
Like if you went to the butt in Osmosis Jones,
what would be there?
And I feel like it would be like the wilderness.
I feel like it would be like we have to travel to the butt
like they were saying Mordor.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, the butt seems like it's really far away.
What if in Osmosis Jones,
David Hyde Pierce, who played the pill guy,
was a suppository and that was how he was introduced
was there was a long scene where Bill Murray
had to jam a little David Hyde Pierce
right into his asshole.
While DHP just screamed.
While DHP was like, no, I'm a mouth pill.
Please, no, I was on Frasier.
I got an answer from Sydney.
She is my wife's a physician
and I got an official answer here from her.
And it says butt blood is the most important blood.
Thanks, Sydney for the, wow.
Wouldn't have expected that.
But I said, why does shots go in the butt?
She says, there's just a lot of tissue there.
Muscle and fat and stuff.
More so than in the deltoid, whatever that is.
Sounds like she's making shit up.
It's arm cannons, like these babies.
I guess what she's saying is,
because the butt's so juicy.
Because he got that juicy bit.
Because the butt's so juicy.
Cheese pizza.
A juicy cheese pizza butt.
Got that juicy butt, Kevin.
Also, and she just texted me,
also doctors like to look at butts.
But don't tell anyone, that is a secret.
No, she broke the Hippocratic Oath.
That's the second codicil of the Hippocratic Oath.
Do no harm and look at butts.
No, it's do no harm
and don't tell anyone about our butt secret.
Love, love Hippocrates.
Oh, man.
Butts are juicy.
Did you guys know, by the way,
I'm trying to see more versions of the Christmas Carol
because there's just the few.
There's so, so, so many out there.
And I think people tend to hue to the ones
that they're the most familiar with.
Did you guys know there is an animated Christmas Carol
from 1997 that features as Mr. Scrooge,
a young Tim Curry.
Our friend and nearest, Tim Curry.
And as if that cast couldn't,
like that cast is already like pretty good.
Who is that as the spirit of Christmas present?
Why, it's Whippy Goldberg.
Man, together again.
Yeah, and who snuck in there is Marley.
Well, it's your friend of mine, Ed Asner.
That's a really good cast.
If I was making a dream cast,
I would play Sonic.
That would be.
What if Sonic the Hedgehog was the ghost of Christmas past?
Why do you have to inject shots into my Sonic the Hedgehog?
I think what if, what would be the best Dickens story
to put Sonic the Hedgehog inside?
And I think it would go a little something like this.
It was the worst of cheese dogs.
It was the best of cheese dogs.
Or did I get that right?
Chili dogs, my dude.
Listen, it's been a long time.
Do you know that that was Urkel?
Sorry, I just wanted to tell everybody
about my other favorite version of Christmas Carol.
This one's a little bit of basically
the weirdest one that exists.
And you guys will be like kicking yourself
that you didn't know this was like a thing
because it stars as Scrooge, Simon Callow.
Not that interesting.
Michael Gambon is in there as the ghost of Christmas present.
Into that.
Yeah, no problem at all.
And then we have as Belle,
you know, young Scrooge's love interest is Kate Winslet.
And then who's that bringing up the rear as Marley?
Why, it's Nicholas Cage.
What?
What?
What, no, where, is this an animated?
They got Nick Cage for their animated Christmas Carol.
No, I've seen this.
I've seen this.
It was on Netflix.
I was like, time to watch Scrooge.
Oh, Scrooge isn't on Netflix.
Let's watch this one.
And it's like demented.
It's demented, right?
It's mainly about mice and they take a lot
of really weird licenses with the story.
Also in that version, he gets back together with Belle
and they're both old and they get back together.
Like it's not that, it's a happy ending.
It's not that happy, guys.
She hasn't been waiting for Scrooge.
No, in like six months, Scrooge is bankrupt.
Yeah.
That's how Christmas Carol ends.
That's the follow-up.
That's the placard that comes up.
That's the title card.
Six months later, he was in a gutter
because he's an old man and he gave away all his money.
When he needs it the most.
He needs it the most.
This was the time he was saving for
and he was giving it all away.
And it's not like life is easy in like Elizabethan
or whatever it was, Victorian London.
Like it's tough.
And he's just giving it away.
There's a balance, Scrooge.
There's a balance.
I got a fucking choice when coming out at you hot.
What is the etiquette when eating at a buffet?
Specifically, when standing up
and going to replenish your plate of food?
Do I wait for a natural break of the conversation?
Do I wait for the other person to stand up
and get another plate?
Or do I stand up in the middle of them talking?
Almost as if to imply that in three minutes
they will still be there, but the crab legs might not be.
Oh, that's a good question.
That is a good question.
I love that there's no like catchy nickname on this one
because they wanted to provide as little evidence
as they possibly could that would allow people
to track them down and find out their true identity
based on the subject matter of this question.
Hungry buffet boy in Biloxi.
You know, I encountered like not exactly the same thing
but I went to a barcade, a bar arcade
but it was actually mostly a restaurant
and we ordered food.
It was like a sit down restaurant
but also the walls were lined with arcade games
and like they brought us our tokens
and then it's like-
Sorry, sorry, bud.
You're talking about a Damon Busters?
No, no, it was like a Japanese restaurant
that also had like gauntlet.
It was awesome.
It was the best, but at what point-
Dave San and Buster San.
What is the appropriate time to be like
and I'm done with this adult conversation
and I'm gonna go play NBA Jam now.
Yeah, that definitely adds another layer to it.
The only thing you could do in that situation, Travis
is just excruciatingly slowly
just keep stepping back away from the conversation
until they suddenly realize they're shouting
and you're playing NBA Jam.
No, fuck that.
The better solution is like on Doubt and Happy
when they're like, well, dinner's over.
I suggest we move this conversation to the drawing room.
Just do something like that.
Like, well, we've eaten all the pizza
we're probably going to eat.
Why don't we continue this thrilling conversation
over a round of gauntlet?
Brandy and cigars around the Frogger machine.
Who's up for some Tapper?
Oh man, Tapper is so good, you guys.
I'm not gonna fucking talk about Tapper with you.
Here's the fun thing that I encountered at this restaurant.
Like at no point can all four people get up from the table,
right?
Because that's a sign that you're done.
So it's like, you have to leave someone down
like to pin down the table while you go play like X-Men.
That's a, that is a sacrifice.
They should have some sort of service for that.
You should be able to hire a seat filler
just to hold your position
so you can get some four man Smash TV.
I don't think they were done with these spring rolls.
I think they'll be back in a minute.
Wait a minute, do you play four man Smash TV
or is it just, is it max two?
I think it's just two.
If you actually just put a quarter on the table,
that means that it's like you've got next on it.
So you should be fine there.
But let's get back to the buffet subject
because this is also very important
because I get that sense of constant panic
of, well, I didn't have room on my plate for those,
you know, mashed potatoes.
My first go round, but there weren't that many left.
So I need to slam jam this gravy square
before it's all gone.
Oh, it looks like they just brought out fresh gummy bears.
I have to go now or they're going to be gone.
Got to roll.
One that I find myself stuck in a lot,
it's basically the saddest thing you can do
is I'll be at my favorite Chinese buffet
and they won't have the coconut shrimp I like
and I'm pretty sure they're gonna restock it
but like, cause it's empty.
So of course that's the next natural step.
So you do that thing and you're like waiting
like, oh man, I hope he brings some more out.
It's like waiting for some substandard coconut shrimp.
This is pretty pitiful.
I need some kind of flag system at a table
because I will load up my plate
and then take a bite of one of the things on the plate
and realize, oh, I don't want this anymore.
Oh, that's the worst.
And then it's like, can you like,
you went up thinking it was something with coconut in it.
You got back and took a bite,
turned out it was a corn puzzle
and you're not gonna eat it.
So you want to put it,
but like you do want to go back up to get more.
Right, so I need someone to come clear the plate
and not ask any questions
because I don't want to have to identify
that yes, I'm wasting this.
Oh yeah, no, I'm bad.
I'm a bad, bad eater boy.
And I did not eat this corn puzzle.
Please take it away so that I can go get more,
you know, brownie mess or whatever.
Like that's where I'm at.
I feel like I want the people in my life
who are most important to me to like,
know and understand that when I begin
to have these pangs of food anxiety,
when I'm talking to them,
I'm not engaged in the conversation
in the way that they want me to be,
but it's completely like out of my hands.
And so when I do just like stand up
in the middle of a conversation
and walk to the other side of the room
because they just put out,
you know, it doesn't have to be at a buffet.
We could be at a party
and they just put out a little cheesecake bites
and those are gonna go fucking fast, of course.
Oh, here comes the wave of food anxiety.
And like, what were you saying about your niece
and her sickness?
I really want to be dialed in,
but to me, you're just saying cheesecake,
cheesecake, cheesecake bites.
Yummy, yum, yum.
They taste so good.
They're going, everyone's getting them.
Everyone's taking them from you.
Why can't we just be adults about it?
Say, listen, I love this story so much,
but if I don't sit up and get me some of those
creamy bites, my human life on this planet
will literally end and I will die.
Baby, baby, baby.
This story about your niece's sickness,
it is hot stuff.
I am down with the sickness,
but I have got to go get these cheesecakes.
Well, that's the problem, right?
Cause it would require you to admit,
like if we're being 100% honest,
it would require you to admit
that you're not that interested in stuff
other people are saying usually.
No, unless it's gossip or about you,
it's just not that interesting.
Unless the thing they're saying is
directions to closer secret cheesecake bites.
There's nothing that they could be saying
that would get me more on board
than my sweet, sweet food dream.
Listen, we can all agree that when you go to a buffet,
you are engaging in an activity more so
than just going to a restaurant, right?
Restaurant is we can gab whilst others do the work,
but when you go to a buffet, you're doing the work.
So imagine like if you went mini golfing
and you just focused on the conversation
and no one took their turn swinging a putter,
that would be the worst.
So why can't we agree that we came to this buffet
for one purpose and one purpose only,
and it's to eat as much as we can
and then fall asleep quickly,
hopefully after we get home.
So can we all please focus on the task at hand
and maybe take a nap in the parking lot
while someone holds down the table,
then we come back for thirties,
just be cool for two seconds.
Travis, you've got it.
If the only way that people are gonna get serious
about their food eating at a buffet
and doing the fucking job they came there to do
is if after you ate at a buffet,
a judge came by your table
and critiqued everybody's performance at the buffet.
Like, oh, Marcus, three clean plates, my good boy.
And let me see, what do you got there?
It looks like a little soft serve bowl.
And oh, you went ham on those Oreos crumblings.
You went ham on those Oreos crumblings
on top of that ice cream bowl, didn't you?
Oh my God, great job.
I'm so proud of you.
Here's a little styrofoam airplane
you got put together yourself.
Now, Susan, let me see.
It looks like you didn't even finish your first plate.
You left some of your greenie beanies on there
and then you made a second plate
and it doesn't seem like you put any effort into that at all.
And I can't help but just like constructive criticism.
You talked a lot about your niece and her sickness
and I feel like maybe that detracted
some of like your gross eating time.
That's more of an Applebee's conversation.
This is a golden corral.
That shit, that dog won't hunt.
It's not called golden parlor room.
It's called a corral, which is where pigs eat garbage.
So maybe like knuckle down next time
and focus on the task at hand.
I do have to point out that that's a trough.
But you don't just have a loose trough, Justin.
Keep horses and stuff.
Well, there can be pigs there too, show pigs.
Anyway, I think I made a good point.
Please don't fall asleep on the drive home
because you just ate a golden corral
and that's the next logical step.
No, you have to time it out, Justin.
That's what I was saying.
Because if you get to the car
and you're like 15 minutes to get home,
nope, not gonna make it, you nap right there.
Like when you pull your 18 wheeler over
by the side of the road,
because you know that your buzzers have worn off
or whatever and you're gonna fall asleep.
You do that in the golden corral parking lot,
which is why they provide like sleep masks
as you walk out the door.
Alternately, you just have a fourth horn
that is a toggle, a constant low level horn
emanating from your car that communicates,
hey, I just entered a buffet.
Please give me a wide berth.
It says I have a slo-mo crash into the girder.
We need bumpers at a little kid's bowling party.
Please let me ease into the girder.
It's also the best time to call a Lyft ever
in case you're way better than you got too drunk to drive.
There should just be a special golden corral Lyft service.
Yeah, it is a button the size of your phone
that appears on your phone
when the GPS detects you're in a golden corral
and it's just the size of your phone
so that if you fall asleep, if you land on your phone,
a Lyft driver will be there to carry you home to slumberland.
I'm not too drunk to drive.
I'm too full to live.
And I mean, I need a ride home.
Take me home, Marcus.
Hey, let's wrap this show up.
Yeah.
I think we've done all we can do here.
This has been My Brother, My Brother, Me.
It's an advice show for the modern era.
We hope you've had a lot of fun.
Just to remind you a couple quick things,
head over to our Facebook group.
It's the My Brother, My Brother, Me Appreciation group,
I think it's called.
And you'll find some details about how to help some folks.
I'll get that set up as soon as we're done here.
I haven't actually done it yet.
We're doing a candle night show, speaking of candle nights.
I hope it's begun for you all.
But if it hasn't, don't worry, it'll come.
Don't try to force it.
You'll hurt yourself.
But if you want to come see our candle night show,
which is a foolproof way to put yourself in the spirit,
go to bit.ly forward slash candle nights two.
That's in Huntington, West Virginia, December 21st at 8 p.m.
It's us and Sawbones, 20 bucks.
It'll be a hoot and a half.
We've sold about 80% of the tickets for that show.
So if you do want tickets,
you're gonna want to pounce on those stat.
And it's a real good time.
We do it as PG-13 as possible.
So if you've got family in the area,
or you just want to carpool down with some friends
and do something stupid during your Christmas break,
it's a great opportunity to do something stupid.
Also, so we just had some Adventure Zone,
which is the Dungeons and Dragons podcast
that we do with our dad.
We had some merch go up.
It's a really awesome dry erase board,
dry erase board character sheet
that was done for us by Justin Gray.
And also a t-shirt that was designed for us by Leon Roselar.
And the posters from our Pacific Northwest show
that were drawn by Emily Carroll,
they are now up for sale on the Max Fund store as well.
There's not a ton of those in memory.
Like it's the leftover ones we did not sell on the tour.
And when they're gone, they're gone.
So like they're not gonna print anymore.
These are just what we had left.
They are absolutely beautiful.
If you haven't seen them, go check them out.
There's also just a ton of other Max Fund merch on there.
The easiest way to find it is go to maxfundstore.com
and it will redirect you to there.
And there's a ton of awesome shit, I should say.
And it's a lot of really great ideas
for Christmas presents and stuff.
So go check that out.
I wanna thank John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a good winter time album.
Lot of warm tracks there to heat up your chilly bones.
Okay, we also wanna say go check out
all the other amazing Maximum Fun podcasts.
We do, all of us do other ones on there.
And there's also shows that we're not a part of.
They're all incredible.
Go check it out, maximumfun.org.
Also go check out Till Death Do Us Blart.
It's the every Thanksgiving special
that we did with the guys from The Worst Idea of All Time
where we watch and review Paul Blart Malt Cop 2.
We only put out one full episode a year,
every Thanksgiving for the rest of time.
When we die, we will be replaced.
Go check it out, tilldeathdousblart.com
or you can find it on iTunes or at deathblart on Twitter.
I wanna say it's a good name for a podcast.
Yeah, I love that name, everybody.
It's a fucking the best name.
Thank you.
Yeah, I wanna say happy anniversary to my wife again.
Ew, gross.
That'll be $100.
No, I take it back.
All right, fair enough.
Thank you all so much for joining us.
And we hope you are having a festive holiday season.
If you're not in that Canaanite spirit yet,
a surefire way, get out and do something nice for somebody.
Guarantee it works every time.
Griffin, do you have a final Yahoo for us?
Absolutely, a duet sent in by Zoe Kinski,
climbing that ladder.
Thank you, Zoe.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Sir, who asks,
how does ghost Pokemon sex work?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
It's a fair point because when you mate
a two ghost Pokemon in daycare, they produce an egg.
What the fuck?
This has been my brother, my brother.
Make your dad square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hi, I'm Brian Safi.
And I'm Erin Gibson.
And we host the Throwing Shade podcast.
On Throwing Shade, we look at an issue important to ladies
and an issue important to gay people.
And then we basically make fun of it.
Yeah, and just to answer your question,
no, we don't have a marriage pact.
But if we don't get married by the time we're 30,
we're going to do that for each other.
That's true.
Although we have each been divorced three times.
