The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say, hey, I wanna, just say, hey, I wanna.
Welcome, my brother, my brother, and the advice show from the modern era. I'm your oldest brother,
Justin McElroy. I'm your middle brother, Travis McElroy. I'm your baby's baby brother,
Griffin McElroy. We spoke on this last week. I wanted to update everyone in our listening audience.
Refresher correction, retraction, and updates. No, updates. Start with an update. We spoke
last week about unusual animal pairings, and how they always start off with negligence.
I found this new one on CNN that I wanted to mention to you guys.
Dallas Zoo brings in puppy to calm down cheetahs. Yeah. No.
Does it mean because the cheetahs chase the puppies and wear themselves out?
They get so tired eating puppies. I'm gonna lay down, take a nap.
Can you imagine that puppy, like, are you sure this is, I've only been alive for like two months.
Are you sure this is cool? Cause those look like giant cats, which I'm already not crazy about that
whole genus. Listen, in this economy, I'm really happy for the work, so thank you, first and
foremost, but hard out there for a contract. I'm looking at the contract here, and it says that
there is a significant chance I'm going to be, if I read this correctly, consumed. Consumed wholesale.
Is this, I know I'm a puppy and my reading skills, not so great. So can you confirm or
deny that this says the puppy will be consumed guaranteed? So I'm sorry to that puppy. I'm also
sorry to, and God, I can't, this is, this is the website for CNN. Stubs the cat. Alaska town mayor
mauled by dog. Is there nothing? God, they just can't, they just can't let, can't let a cat get
ahead, can they? Fucking Malcolm X, Martin Luther King, JFK, the government will take down any leader
that they don't, uh, that they don't agree with. Now Stubs the cat, uh, has been mauled by the
opposition dog. It's a fucking terrible world out there. Let's all, let's all go around the circle
and talk about the most terrible thing that that is happening right now. Travis, Justin, we know
yours. Okay. Is this, is this mish-mashing of unlike animals. It's a shame, said Ashley Curds,
who works at the pizza shop in the small town 110 miles north of Anchorage. He's the mayor.
It's not a joke. I know it's ridiculous, but the town is run really well.
Oh, this is the fucking libertarian dream. I know cats in power, no laws, legal weed.
Cabinet for everyone. I'll tell you my thing tonight,
Carrie Underwood is going to perform the NFL Sunday night football theme song.
Um, the, the song has been waiting all day for Sunday night, which just seems like a child,
like an impatient child would say. There are so many things you can do during Sunday day that
are great, but she's replacing Faith Hill. Like they won't expect us to fucking notice.
Like they won't. Oh, a pretty blonde country singer. That must be Faith Hill. She's looking good.
Wait, it's your model, huh? It's, it's a, it's a fucking crying shame. I'm sure she'll do a great
job, but like, what else does Faith have? Her and Tim are on the outs, I think. Well,
do you guys want to hear some good news? I thought I explicitly said only bad things though.
Can you frame the good news in a bad way? Yeah. So they're remaking Robocop. What the fuck?
But also my Michael Keaton's in it. So he's not dead. Michael Keaton is alive and he's a Robocop.
That's a job. Michael Keaton. Let's help. You know, I'm tired of, I'm tired of hurting people.
I want to pick their spirits back up and help them out. So this is an advice show. So let's do that.
I'm about to start announcing girls' volleyball games. What are some calls I can give to pump up
the crowd? And that's from priming to pump in Castle Rock, CO. That's Colorado, right? It's
Columbus. They're in Castle Rock, Columbus. This is so important. I'm so glad to see you can't
just start pumping people up unless you yourself have pumped yourself. I think you have to be
pre-pumped to pump a crowd up and then by the end of it you should be just deflated. I think Dale
Carnegie said that, didn't he? Yeah. He said you can't expect people to pump you if you don't pump
them in exchange. Can I start? This is a circle of pumping. Can I recommend that you kick off
every volleyball game with a new custom theme song from Faith Hill, who now has a lot more time in
her schedule, like Waitin' All Afternoon for Thursday evening at the JC. She has to change
some of the words or else Carrie Underwood. Waitin' All Week for Bump Set Spike. Ooh,
that fucking goddamn! Auto-tune that shit and we are halfway there.
And just getting Faith Hill. That's the only other thing. And Faith Hill, yes. Well,
I think if we auto-tune you enough we can make you sound like Faith Hill.
When you say calls to pump up the crowd, does that mean like you're saying to them like get
pumped or like your reaction to exciting things that just happened? Maybe they are in some sort
of dictatorial city state where like they just shout commands over a megaphone and then everybody
else has to like stand or clap in compliance. Killer shot! Now it's time for government-mandated
push-ups! Yeah, yeah. Jump rope for heart. Or else. Every. Jump rope. Jump rope or we'll
detonate the tiny bomb installed in everyone's heart by the government.
It's Kim Trails, guys. This is like basic 101 shit. Loose change. You guys know about Kim Trails,
right? They're fucking everything. They're everything and everywhere. I feel like the only
thing you can do at any sports event anymore is play the theme from Space Jam. Like when they're
talking about uh we got a new jam going welcome to the slam like that's gonna get people so so
pumped. Maybe but there are many sports where slamming and jamming are the operative verbs.
There's very little slamming and or jamming in like water polo. No actually there's probably
some jamming but I don't think there's any slamming in water polo. I think it's mostly
just like trying to try not to drown and throwing. So try not to drown and then you throw the ball.
Quad City DJs could do a different theme song for every sport. Hi-Li. Just stay the fuck stay safe.
It's a very dangerous sport. It's a very heavy ball. It travels very quickly. So scoop it up
and then tighten your pants. They have tight pants on Hi-Li I think. Not familiar. I don't
think you can tighten pants when you have hook hands on. Although that'd be really fun to see.
If someone's pants fall down on the fucking Hi-Li court. You're done. You're done. Oh god I need
ah I need a fan in the audience to jump down and help me. Time out. Yeah you just if that happens
you start using your scoops to dig him a grave because he is dead. Wait do the fans have to wear
scoops too? I've never seen Hi-Li. Everyone wears the scoops in case they need to get called in.
Oh it's just like when someone wears everyone wears a mitt like a baseball game to catch foul
balls you wear the scoops so that you don't die in the crowd. Is this what about like is it uh
is it teen school volleyball or is it like um is it uh raunchy beach volleyball? Because that's
an incredibly important distinction to okay so let's do for both because I'm gonna say for like
the high school teens say stuff like uh get on your feet and cheer for these girls potential.
Yeah. I would love to be at that game. They have bright futures ahead of them in whatever career
they choose. Yeah. And the other one is beach volleyball and you're like jug of bugs. The
juggy one spiked the other juggy one whoo. Millie time. Keep an eye out here comes the
jug cannon where we shoot distant body jugs at the crowd. It's a health code violation that's
why you signed a waver wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-waver. Maybe. Maybe. I'm on board. Maybe you set the
volleyball on fire somehow. Whoa. Could you do what bowling alleys do and just make it like
extreme cosmic volleyball and like make the net glow in the dark and like the ball glow and
everybody's got like war paint on. Hey what happened gentlemen I think we've extended our
plan beyond the reach of what you can accomplish as an announcer at the game. I mean you could
demand that the ball be set on fire all you want from your shitty booth but I don't think anybody's
gonna listen to you. What kind of high school wait whoa hold on what kind of a high school
volleyball court do you think this is or they have an announcing booth? I think yeah it's it is a
fucking fold out is the lunch table that has been poorly converted. I think the way you get people
pumped up is you shout these suggestions of ways to make the sport more awesome.
Like put some pumas out there with um yeah clap if you like. That spike now imagine if it had been
glow in the dark am I right people leave your suggestions on your way out. What if his volleyball
court was in a rancor pit from star wars like what are you talking about? Demand that the audience
imagine these things like you don't have to make it happen just and now for the next time things
with the hitting we're all gonna imagine it's on fire. Get on your feet let me paint you a picture
with my words. Griffin how about a yahoo? Yeah sure uh this yahoo was sent in by Julie Kin thank
you Julie Kin it's by yahoo answers user Casey Cherry who asks what to wear with a black cape?
I bought it ages ago so I can't really find a picture for you. It has one tab fastening like
and then there's a pic of what a cape fastener looks like. No it doesn't have a collar it doesn't
look right with anything other than tank tops but it's getting colder and I want to find something
warmer to wear under it what would be the best color thing to wear with it? Now um this is not
a Dracula costume cape it's just it's just like a black maybe wool cape. There is not a single word
in that question that doesn't hurt my heart. It only looks good with a tank top. That person they're
a human on the same planet you yourself live on listener that recently maybe not so recently
because they apparently can't find the cape that they so desperately want to wear to take a picture
of it that that person stood in front of a full-length mirror with a black cape and a fuchsia
tank top and adjusted their top hat and thought yes this is a look. Now okay let me go further
with this picture with words. Imagine like one of those movie montages where the people go to try
out new looks for like the nerdy guy and like he keeps coming out of the dressing room and they're
like no or like yeah but it's just a string of him standing quietly in front of the mirror
cape and sweater. No. No. Cape and winter jacket. No. Cape and tank top. Yeah. Yeah I found it.
Cape and smaller cape that you wear in the front. They call that a bib. Jacob it's a bib.
It's a big joke. Cape and school marm dress. Yes. No not oh so close. Boy that could really spice up
your visits to Red Lobster though if you told everybody you're wearing a front cape. Or just
trying to avoid getting butter on you. If you can't afford a nice high quality cape from from
Nordstrom Rack you just when you're done consuming your crab butter mass then you just flip that
sloppy bib. Flip that sloppy bib. Put it on your back and you got a you got a floppy grease cape.
You're gonna fight so much crime. So much crustacean crime. I would be afraid of a person
doing that to be fair. It's the buttery mess. Get out of here. Get out of here. Everybody run.
His hands are like cheddar bay biscuits. He's gonna grease us up. Can that be a YouTube meme
like the kids who go to the through like McDonald's and they grab the ice cream cone from the wrong
end or like a thing that you do to just like totally freak out. Yeah it's like a kid thing
that kids do on YouTube. They order ice cream from McDonald's and then like they hand the
cashier hands them the ice cream and they grab it by the ice cream. It freaks people shit out.
Like it's a pretty good goof but like I I think that the food service industry needs to be
tormented I guess. If we uh if we like podcast wide agree that grabbing the ice cream by the ice
cream part is a quote pretty good goof. Yeah. I think that explains a lot about the quality of
our show over the past few months. I'm I I listen I'm all about shattering expectations and that's
what these people are doing one one scoop at a time. I think you flip that bib around. People
are gonna be confused. They're gonna talk. I think that I'll go to really take at the right lobster
saying oh thank you so much could I get some extra bibs to take home with me. I think that
would be enough to really just I don't know I frightened the the waiter or waitress. I'm I'm
I'm doing something and I don't want to get into it but it involves a lot of a lot of clarified
butter. Let me put it discreetly. I'm a sloppy boy. Real sloppy sloppy poppy. Sloppy boy.
Um I think you can there's a way to make a fucking cape work for you. I think there's not
everybody right. Do you think everybody can pull off a cape. Not everybody no and like let's just
let's just shadow the illusion that tank tops can fit. Tank tops don't go with anything. You wear
them because it's so hot and humid outside and you don't want anything on your arms or your
shoulders or your pits. That is the only context that you wear a tank top. You don't say. Griffin
I know that you live in Austin. Have you crumbled to tank top pressure yet? I'll never wear a
fucking tank top. Although I see dudes who do that wear like the full blown Rastafarian like neck
cut down to their ball sack and I'm like god you look so dry. You look so dry and so comfy and I
I'm sitting there in my stupid v-neck t-shirt. There is I think there are very few clothing
items. Actually you know what maybe this is why the cape and the tank top uh work together so well
is that they are both items with an extremely high risk reward. I mean if you can nail the tank top
look. What is the reward of the cape? What is the what is the surprise? Okay but think about it this
way. It lets you blend it in the shadows. If you can if you are wearing the cape there is a 99%
chance that just you're king dipshit but if you nail it oh my god forget about it you're the mayor
you and that cat are co-mayor. Justin I just need to know real quick what would nailing it
in wearing a cape entail? Travis the odds against nailing a cape as an ensemble choice are so narrow
that I myself like if I could just sit here and tell you how to make a cape work I I wouldn't be
on a podcast I'd be fucking gallivanting on the Riviera wooing heiresses like I feel like the one
the one chance for it to quote be nailed is if you're wearing the cape you're getting picked on
by some bullies or people making fun of you but then a cry rings out from the alley you rush in
save a woman from a mugger or something a fucking superhero and then it's like you know I then
wearing the cape is justified for about 30 minutes but other than that I cannot envision a circumstance
in which you are wearing a cape and somebody looks at you and goes yeah it's justified if
you could emerge from the shadows I bet you could sneak a lot of hoagies into a football game
here comes count hoagie smell like onions and roast beef count hoagie and his dream
code of mini sandwiches there was ham and salami and cheddar and biscuits and cheese
and mustard and there's a little show tunes humor for you how about a new question so I'm a 21 year
old guy in college and I just adopted my first pet it's a cat named Leonardo Dicatio he's cool
but he's extremely bitey all the time when he's happy when he's sad when he's playful whatever
he bites the crap out of you he's only six months old so I'm hoping he'll grow out of this
but he is huge for his age so he hurts a lot more than he means to should I just start discouraging
him when he bites will he grow out of it is it possible my cat is just an asshole that's from
Tim McVicker uh Tim if you wanted to start discouraging your cat from bite like what is
your reaction right now oh you got me uh that and I'm gonna throw this out and let and hear me out
all cats are assholes now I know somebody at home just threw their headphones off their head
I love cats and onto a cat and you gotta listen to this shit come here listen this guy is espousing
some real heinous shit about your entire species he said you are all assholes they are but just
like you have lots of friends that are assholes they're lovable assholes and they're great but
yeah cats are assholes can I can I can I have a suggestion um because I have a very large very
violent cat that attacks me on the reg um and I have found a surefire way of dealing with it
and it is stop being such a fucking pussy baby he's got his teeth are little he's got little
six-month-old kitty teeth oh he bites my skin oh no bitey bite no hurts ow band-aids
I would rather have I gotta rub it on my baby kitty bites I can't touch one of my cats
got two cats one was fat and just chills the other one you can't touch them can't can't uh
can't pick her up not kidding can't even look at her I have she's spooked I have literally never
had any physical contact with this fucking cat this cat is is a goddamn hologram for all I know
Justin has invented some sort of clever hologram cat technology that is I can't you can't do it
the cat and a cat has a sweet deal because the cat's like okay you know I'll eat oh and all
your food no probs oh you want a petto nope nope nope no I also want to throw out though Justin
it's very possible that CJ is also very spookable but where's she gonna go yeah she's she she would
just waddle uh waddle away I still catch everybody I'm so panicked ah what am I gonna do in the in
adding insult to injury the small cat the spookable one Amelia she will like literally
if CJ lies down for a couple minutes the cat will like envelop herself into CJ she'll use CJ
like a parka and just wrap herself like okay on so it's not physical contact yes exactly Travis
she'll climb into CJ's fat and control herself like a Pacific like a Jaeger from Pacific Rim
yeah but but no a human a human who controls like money and food and has invented shit yeah
no no no I can't be sullied by your fucking it hands that invented the cotton gin and the steam
engine yeah your species blows the species hasn't done shit the Egyptians are so fucking dumb why
do they worship you guys you don't do shit here's the problem here's the problem when your cat starts
biting you and and you go like no do you know what your cat's gonna do it's gonna look at you
like you're fucking idiot yeah because it's gonna look at you like uh yes I don't care these words
mean nothing to me it's not a dog like you yell at a dog the dogs me like I'm so sorry you need
to got really that was a breach of etiquette and I'm I listen that's on me dog that's on me you
need to pick up your phone and you need to dial 411 and just shout help me Jackson Galaxy into
the phone and then Jackson Galaxy is gonna come you guys know Jackson Galaxy right I don't Jackson
Galaxy the cat behavior specialist the the cat whisperer this guy the guy that looks like a
fucking rock star uh I guess if that's what your definition of a rock star let me let me
rephrase is he the guy who looks like a failed bassist he looks like yes he looks like four
different bassists all rolled together he's got don't be disturbed when Jackson Galaxy shows up
to your house with his crazy wraparound goggle glasses and his anthrax beard and his mutton chops
and his his Michael Stipe bald head like a frankenbassist he's a frankenbassist but I tell
you what he will take your cat from a zero to a four not to a hero cats can't be heroes but to
our cats have a pretty good deal uh we have an understanding now where if they do something bad
what I do is I spray them with the spray bottle of water that I keep next to the couch at all times
like some sort of alcoholic father but I spray them with the spray bottle and then they know
immediately they go to Sydney and start rubbing on her to indicate their wetness at which point
I get in trouble for spraying the cats so it's a whole it's a whole circle we have worked out it's
really great um on the real though do you know what fixed my cat started putting that motherfucker
outside it's hard out there isn't it pretty soft pretty sweet you got in here huh no no I think
it's outside time I think someone's forgotten I think someone's forgotten about the giant metal
dragons that live outside have fun what we did is we just started putting a harness on the cat
like we were going to walk her but we just put the harness on her and she just immediately like
lays flat on the ground and doesn't move until you take the harness off and it's like this weird
kind of force field of like it just completely cancels out all of her willpower and soul we
actually had one of those for Travis from ages three to seven team uh I uh people got pissed
off at me when I instagrammed and vine pictures of my cat in a harness and a leash as you're
training it to go outside like cats aren't supposed to do that like yeah I guess what dogs
probably aren't either like it's just like we do that with them like I don't think dogs like a dog
in the wild you never see like a hyena in a harness yeah dogs aren't like oh restrictions cool
no they're like I just because I'm not an animal who likes to run and play yeah
um you gotta y'all gotta watch this fucking Jackson Galaxy show you think your fucking cat
is terrible this cat will like there are cats on that show that will like bite a man's sleeping
balls and then as he sits up the cat is on its face like a face hugger from aliens and will like
piss up its his nose then he leans into your it leans into his ear and says I stole your identity
there are episodes of that show that are like the goddamn exorcist for Jackson Galaxy like
Jackson Galaxy's dead because one cat like threw him down a flight of stairs
my cat wants to stop his spousing hate speech oh yeah I've seen this before come here and put you
outside my cat's a tiger no yeah you're right yeah it's a literal tiger this is this is an unsafe
my my advanced team should have picked this up yeah my cat is floating in the air and is transparent
and keeps keeps trying to scare my children like oh you got a ghost cat we've seen this before
don't worry about it don't worry about it where do you keep them at you need a bell um
and a spray bottle where do you keep your protoplasm my cat keeps walking around on his
hind legs and doesn't have any fur and talks oh that's a top that's a top yeah you had I don't
remember when you had a baby a few years ago that's what that's what they evolve into yeah
next stop charizard um hey uh my cats aren't gone by their own goddamn food god knows so let's go
warby parker is a new concept in eyewear he's a an eccentric eyeglass scientist who will sell you
glasses at a really affordable price right like saying scientists is he's he's a glasses
robber baron yeah he he runs the glasses industry on the internet um he all the glasses have
anti-reflective anti-glare coating for no additional cost and they've got this cool
he there's not a they it's one man really in a warehouse of sunglasses i don't think this is true
it is true his name is warby parker it's a man in beautiful glasses and a cape yeah a cape the one
the one condition in which you can sport a cape is if you live and work in a warehouse full of
sunglasses and glasses warby parker will come to your door open up his cape and sell you the glasses
hanging from his cape like the guy from resident evil but it's weird because he's not wearing
anything else underneath got a lot of nice glasses strange yeah uh you get uh five pairs of glasses
shipped to you try them on see what your folks think not all at the same time you look stupid
uh and then you choose the one you want send the others back in a prepaid envelope uh you can you
got 10 days uh wait before the uh glasses show up and sometimes it's faster than that and for every
pair of glasses you buy you they give a pair to somebody and and who knows maybe next time you'll
be the one who gets the free glasses i don't think it works like that maybe like you'll see
a downturn in your life and you'll be like well i'm so glad i bought those glasses back when i
had a job and loved ones do you think you could you think you could ask warby parker when you
buy one to say listen hold on to that free pair things have not been going great and i'd like to
catch that in later um if i am in need it doesn't it doesn't say this in the list of things in this
advertisement but clean your face before you put on these glasses clean your face like the bridge
of your nose and your cheeks just like do a quick wipe before you put them on and it's like four of
those bad boys are going back you know they got uh non-prescription sunglasses from 95 bucks and
prescription polarized sunglasses from 150 so visit warby parker.com order your prescription
glasses sunglasses or reading glasses and enter the code my brother and you get your new glasses
within three business days you warby parker.com and just enter my brother and then you get your
glasses and you can see good start but what do you look at answer your kids nope what are they
doing what have they done smile of a child no god no absolutely not no you want to turn on
some television boys in the house oh antm 2.0 justin got deep down in it i need everyone to
start a twitter campaign for us to be best pals with that dude cody cory cory or cody or cory or
cody there's one of those on the show boys i've been watching on hulu plus uh so with antm or
anything else on hulu plus there's lots of good stuff snl community modern family south park
family okay so many others uh you can stream it from your tv or on your phone or your tablet
don't don't look at your kids look at tv on hulu it's only eight bucks a month 7.99 all right eight
bucks i mean 7.99 less than eight bucks we're on 7.99 and uh they got movies too it's no big deal
just watch whatever you want uh and here's the best news you ready you can try hulu plus free on
us we'll pay for it we don't actually pay for it do we out of our own pockets that explains why i
have nothing why i'm destitute now go to hulu plus dot com slash my brother and you can try two
weeks free no big deal mbd um i wish i i thought i just typed in that address this and hopefully
i was hoping there'd be like a picture of us like maybe with pop thumbs up oh you made it
a picture of us we don't remember anybody taking of just me through my window this is just a
picture of me sleeping what's going on hey uh boys in the house antm 2.0 the game done changed
get on there get your free trial and get up i saw more than two people on twitter say i just got
hulu plus because of griffin's description of cory or cody on antm fucking changing the fucking game
and i think that i am missing a huge opportunity for marketing and just like describing shit that
i saw on television hulu plus.com forward slash my brother get your free trial and then they know
that you listened to us and been to our whims which makes us more powerful i have a message
an important message from mark and elisa and the message was sent by travis now not our travis i
know that's confusing because there's more than one i know uh travis is mark travis is mark's
brother um and travis says to mark and elisa happy being married now i don't know if that means that
travis is married and he's a caveman and he's saying that he's happy i think he's talking to
mark happy happy uh sorry i missed your many changes sorry i missed your wedding but this
should make up for the card i didn't send uh love you and wish you the best forget toilet seat down
some fights mostly am happy
you double communicating you no no helen like i know helen
you no see helen when she happy at home helen get nervous in big group
helen has a problem remember alcoholism disease
oh kind spirit occasionally misled helen
she's mother of me children helen
um she is pterodactyl happy wedding happy wedding mark and elisa we're very happy for you sorry
that travis missed it maybe he'll catch you on the next one what
hi i'm jesse thorn the host of npr's bullseye and i'm jordan morris another guy jordan and
i have been friends for a really long time and we co-host the comedy podcast jordan jesse go
together jordan what would you say jordan jesse goes all about well uh it's about funny stories
um crazy ideas swearing so basically nothing yeah nothing but we always have fun and funny
celebrity guests from the worlds of comedy television music everything i think you're
actually gonna like being radio friends with us yeah check out jordan jesse go online at
maximum fun org or free and itunes are your favorite podcatcher uh you guys want a yahoo
answer question a yahoo nice mystery i think it's yahoo mystery night this yahoo mystery
nights was sent in by uh alex rich thanks alex it's by yahoo answers user mark who asks
cool one or two word quotes okay uh that's it uh yeah i have some from yahoo answers user
marx which i think is just marcus spelled wrong uh who responded with some real doozers
doozers know thyself be yourself love yourself wait hold on these all seem along a similar vein
carpe diem sure um i am you're what finished your thought finish the thought marcus don't resist
a little marcus whoa uh discover is that a quote nope to quote to quote benjamin franklin discover
discover what ben shit the shit all the shit i did dream no explore just breathe just dance
godspeed be honest marcus fuck you fuck you marcus it's like country music lyric generator
just copy and paste in a random order stay true what's hey guys one
hey guys hey guys bloody hell oh god you're marcus um
um all great terrific quotes from popular media and history here's what i've been trying out
marcus time is that working just your name and then the word time assuming your name is one word
um i i'm confused by the parameters of this question i'm because it says two word quotes
but it seems like all marcus did was list two words paired together yeah i would love to be
so fucking fresh that i could just i could be cemented in history for just dropping a handful
of syllables on somebody like you remember what griffin mcroy said discover cowabunga bart simpson
or the or the turtles kiss my and then a new paragraph grits and it's a joint i think that's
an ee cummings poem it's kiss my question mark and then inside of colin's and asterisks great
and then where's the say ts it's at the bottom it's at the bottom the next page it's on the next
page and it's backwards street it's like a choose your own adventure you have to turn to page 53 to
see the ts uh pootie tang pootie tang corn dogs country space jam space jam email
upset burgers what are you just saying what are you you're just saying see this way two word
quotes no context the world's your oyster whatever you want but they're not let's keep going until
we run out disciplinary pizza you just say a word that doesn't make sense in the context of food
and then a food griffin the first role of improv is say yes oh sorry so my quote is say yes uh band
arguments uh keenan and and that's somebody who forgot what kell's name was that's a quote from
somebody talking about the nickelodeon show but he couldn't remember what kell's name was free free
now free pizza griffin are there any other people trying to answer this question someone said what
and that was vinnie barbarino john travolta from welcome back cotter i don't remember him saying
that i think this was just like a cotter file just like trying to spread his seed as far as
you can possibly go oh my god we forgot the best one oh how rude oh that's see that's fucking on
point have mercy like let's just do uh fucking full house clothes cut it
dead wife that was and danny i love when danny tanner would be in like a down moment
yeah dead wife dead wife that episode where like everybody left the kitchen to go get pizza and
danny was left alone and just quietly looked into his drink mother's dead wife that was a great
half hour of comedy um how about uh my rippers and that's jesse he's talking about someone asks
hey who are the other members of your band he says oh my rippers he doesn't say oh because
it's just two words meth please and that was uh jody sweeten because she is it too soon to joke
about her it's too soon to joke about not soon enough actually no one's gonna get that comet's
dead comet never died he lives on in our hearts sag it chop and that was when bob saget great
fight when yeah when did you guys ever notice how there were like a crazy amount of fight scenes in
tgif shows fucking fucking step by step did one like literally every third episode patrick i think
patrick duffy had like something in his contract where he's like i need to i actually don't think
that's a joke griffin i think that crash of duffy because you're right and you could tell because
the camera because this was a multi-camera comedy yeah the camera would take this very odd angle
that it never really takes where you see how small the set actually is because it's basically
just looking at dead on and you could smell like oh man patrick duffy's about to beat some ass
it really was it like every time they went to a bar every time there was a scene in a bar you're
like oh duffy's about to do some whoopings i feel like that happened a lot in like there were always
people challenging people to something and like it's every time there wanted to be a lesson about
like what it really means to stand up to a bully or like use your brain the answer there was one
fucking episode where urkel in family matters like there was a rope climbing challenge and like the
one of the jocks challenged him to a rope climbing competition like everyone had happened to them in
high school it was very relatable and so to win urkel fucking built a jet pack what jim t-shirt
travis what is the relevance of this anecdote no i suddenly just started thinking about that's
fucking cheating what are we teaching our children yeah yeah it's like that one physical prowess out
the window just fucking cheat in these fucking teen sitcoms the writers were eventually like
well the the the challenges of high school are getting kind of boring let's have them beat the
shit out of each other can we get duffy in the mix that was a weird crossover episode where uh
corey fought patrick duffy patrick duffy that's a quote that patrick duffy would say i mean say
his own name because he's a pokemon patrick duffy patrick duffy duffy pat pat pat pat pat pat pat
patrick duffy duffy use chop duffy duffy use acting patrick duffy duffy hasn't learned this
duffy only has room for four moves he knows chop chopping chop they're saying patrick duffy top eat
drugs and walk just forget jumping over the general lee forget that skill you don't need
it anymore duff he refuses you never know okay fine boy that's a fucking bitter pill when uh
you do not get the cat the call to uh reunite in the new iteration of dallas that's got to be
bitter when uh even larry hagman's getting the call brink of death's door and then proceeding
through death's door larry hagman gets the call to be on the new dallas and you patrick duffy
the the phone just quiet quiet as i'll get out he's he's busy writing his one-man stage show
he he wouldn't have time for it anyways you guys wouldn't understand the life of a professional
actor but he's pretty busy and he would have turned him down if they called him anyways
do you think every time patrick duffy's life has taken a turn for the worse which i imagine
has pretty much has been constantly since step by step one off the air that he's just waiting
to like wake up and it was all a dream and he just like steps out of the shower and he's like
patrick duffy and his wife is like no it's it's still it's still real life patrick duffy
it's still real life oh duffy have you guys seen and this is gonna one of the earliest uh
one of the earliest like internet sensations was uh patrick duffy and the crab are you guys
familiar with this this this had bypassed me for a long time but there is a series of videos
if you look out there on the internet about patrick duffy and his life with a stuffed crab
puppet named the crab like in one episode the crab teaches patrick duffy about facebook and ringtones
they watch top model together yeah this is a thing you could in one episode the crab dares patrick to
eat a dime that that's just a thing you can watch on the internet is definitely gonna make a comeback
i feel like duffy's like right on the edge i feel like he's on the cusp and i feel like we're doing
the lord's work with this podcast this this duffy centric app if patrick duffy were a pokemon what
type would it be because i would say fighting maybe psychic oh i was gonna say water based
why is he water based because he he's able to elicit tears with the power of his act i guess
that's true i would say electric because his fucking performance is since she's very sexual
uh gen like genre of pokemon yeah he's a sex type sexual based sex type you sex tornado duffy
dummy dummy dummy yeah you use evil of cereal sadly you don't know fucking duffy
why don't you get off duffy's jock travis listen we i'm sorry i thought that we had this thing going
and oh yeah but it was coming from a place of like fun and respect for like his work and you
were like oh he's and then i paint a picture of him sadly eating kashi and suddenly it's not okay
well it's disrespectful is what i was saying like what hey trav can i ask you a question
uh-huh what the fuck have you done i watched step by step yeah
yeah always okay you're a fucking you're a fucking monday morning duffy is what you are
this has been our duffy based podcast my brother my brother and me it's not uh always like this
we promise so tell someone about the show it's going to be from now on though from now on it's
all it's very heavy on the duffy uh thank you you say it's not like this but i feel like every third
week we pick like who's a celeb that's kind of falling out of favor oh uh fucking squinto from
from third rock zackary zackary squinto zackary squinto let's pick on that pool for a while
god we're fucking bullies for people who have had like careers that
like all three of us combined have eclipsed us completely and totally i'm just saying it's a
we're getting mean guys we're getting mean we tend to pick people who aren't gonna fight back
that's the thing though fucking duffy will chop us apart duffy will chop you about griffin you
about griffin yeah i got chopped he got chopped apart he's got him for the other two duffy heard
about the shifted he said he chopped his entire body off this is the great paradox of my brother
my brother me though if one of these people were to uh in any way acknowledge our existence
oh forget about they'd be the king of the podcast i would actually just cede my shares to patrick
duffy he could take over my portion of my brother my brother and me uh this has been our advice
podcast thank you to people tweeting about the show like a foster lucy osborne uh sean wesley
matthew carsons uh ryan huppett's grace mcgush uh chris van patten claire uh jonathan cole using
the mbmbam hashtag if you do that if you wouldn't mind sharing our sample or spit.ly forward slash
mbmbam 2013 is our is our new one out there uh and uh we hope you can share that with a friend
also wanted to uh remind you guys thank you to hulu plus where you can binge on thousands of
hit shows anytime anywhere support our show get the extended free trial of hulu plus go to hulu
plus dot com forward slash my brother hulu dot hulu plus dot com forward slash my brother while
you're there watch the patrick duffy biography it's 45 minutes long it's the first result that
came up are you fucking kidding me why didn't we leave the show with that so people could watch it
instead of listening to this i'll edit it and i'll put at the very beginning hey everybody you're
listening to my brother my brother me go watch this fucking patrick duffy doc and people think
that's 45 minutes long that's confusing but yeah i think i'd like to learn everything about patrick
duffy in less than an hour no problem not a big deal uh i want to thank john rogerick and the
long winters for the use of our theme song it's a departure off the album putting the days to bed
it's a great album duffy sings a verse on seven i believe i can't think i thought it was sky's open
sky's open yeah that was uh duffy sings that one part that's like patrick duffy
because he has a pokemon just to be clear he's a pokemon uh and uh that's gonna do it for us
griffin do you have one oh hey real quick real quick oh sorry um if you would uh like to send
out a personal message for someone uh whether it be a birthday an anniversary um you know just
wishing them congratulations or good luck on something yes all the things that you might
want to say to someone i mean i could keep going if you want to totally have nice shoes or that
you really like their taste in music or if you want to say hey i'm sorry i ate the last cupcake
or anything like that you can go to uh maximumfund.org forward slash jumbotron and buy
them a personal message you could also while you're there buy a commercial message if you
have a business or a website or something else that you would like to uh have us talk about then
go there or if you work for someone who would like to sponsor the show like warby parker or hulu plus
um just go to maximumfund.org forward slash jumbotron and you could support this show that
you love so much and give us money to buy more awesome things like what what awesome thing what
was the last awesome thing you bought well just looking around the table i've got my personalized
mug here i've got a tie-dyed t-shirt and a bag of grippo spicy popcorn so i feel like i'm living
pretty high on the hog griffin uh this final yahoo is sending by alex rich thank you alex is by yahoo
institute hector who asks hi i'm hector guerrero lara and i wanted to know at what age do i tell
my son the truth about santa i'm justin mcroy i'm travis mcroy i'm gripping mcroy it's been
my brother my brother and me kiss your dad square on the lips
you
you maximumfund.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported
