If you change your mind on the first in line Honey, I'm still free, take your chance on me
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around If you got no place to go when you're feeling down
If you're all alone when the pretty birds have flown Honey, I'm still free, take your chance on me
It's My Brother, My Brother and Me, episode 13. We've arrived.
This is an advice show for the modern era, and I'm Justin McElroy. I'm one of the Tequila Brothers.
I'm Travis McElroy, and I'm the other Boobular Brother.
I'm Griffin McElroy, and I'm not gonna stoop to that level.
But I will, I think we need to apologize again.
Again?
We made a decree, I think it was ep 8, which was like two eps ago, saying we'd never miss another show.
And we didn't miss it, it's just a little bit late.
I would say I missed it.
I missed it.
But I think because of that decree, the nice feelings that people projected last time we missed the episode of Sorrow and...
It turned, right?
Yeah, it turned, and people went absolutely bonkershits, and I didn't know how to handle that energy.
They tore the internet apart.
They fucking raged inside the internet, and they raged against it.
They flipped the script.
I would say that they hurt my feelings, except I knew that we had it coming.
And you don't have feelings.
And I don't have feelings anymore, so I'm so sorry this time.
Even though it was entirely Justin's fault.
Yeah, big refund coming your way.
I'm in West Virginia for a week.
Is there anything I should do whilst in Huntington besides listening to Clint McElroy on WTCR Mornings?
Travamanman from Twitter.
You're already doing the most important thing.
All your news, information, sports, weather, everything you need is right there.
Tear.
Comedy.
Comedy.
Tear off the knob.
Tear off the knob.
Don't touch that dial.
It's got jam on it.
If by the time you leave Huntington, you don't know what the words Ducky Crabtree mean, then you haven't done your job, my friend.
Failed.
You failed.
I feel like we need...
You don't fuck them.
We haven't had Ducky do a guest spot yet, and I think that a Ducky Crabtree guest spot on My Brother, My Brother and Me is...
Oh my god.
Have you guys ever tried Googling Ducky?
I wonder if Ducky comes up.
Oh my god.
Now I need to check.
Go on about your business.
I'm going to look.
As far as other things to do, soak in the sights.
Go for a walk on Marshall University's campus.
Dear Clint McElroy, why the hell doesn't Ducky Crabtree have a Facebook page?
Facebook page for Ducky Crabtree or I quit the internet forever because there's no point.
Go to Hillbilly Hot Dogs.
You could hunt down Justin.
Well, don't do that.
You could hunt down Justin like he's wild game.
Well, don't do that.
I'm going to vote against that one.
Are we voting?
Yes.
I don't think that one's very good.
Or you could stay there for 22 years and then leave.
Just kick it.
Let me give you an alcoholics perspective.
$2 pitchers at the Union on Monday, karaoke on Tuesday at Sharkey's, $5 all you can drink
at Fat Patty's on Wednesday.
No, it's V Club.
You're thinking of the V Club.
It's Wednesday all you can drink.
No.
Yeah.
No, it's $5 all you can drink at Fat Patty's too.
Thursday is Thirsty Thursdays at the Thirsty Whale and then you have Friday, Saturday,
Sunday, wherever you want to go.
You just recuperate.
Yeah.
Think about the bad decisions you've made.
The terrible decisions and how you need to get out of Huntington or you're just going
to drink yourself to death because it's so fresh.
It is.
There's a good drinking scene in Huntington.
Yahoo Answers user Timothy asks, and this question was sent in by TJ Madd, loyal listener
to the show.
Thank you, TJ.
What does it mean when kids or Japanese people come and stand next to you?
Are they trying to be friendly?
I was at the supermarket looking at herbs and a boy came and stood next to me.
I was at the sports field taking pictures and a Japanese guy in baseball gear came over
and stood near to me and I started taking pictures too.
I'm a guy too.
I'm Chinese but look Korean slash Japanese.
Do you have a similar experience?
What do you think?
You know what?
I'm glad someone finally had the balls, the shi-hutsu to bring this up because I've had
this theory for years that the kids and the Asians are working together to fuck with us.
No, it's not that.
It's all about omens and portents.
On this, our thirteenth episode, we're talking about omens and we're talking about portents
and if a kid comes and stands next to you, that is a bad omen.
Is he on your left or is he on your right?
Either side, regardless of which direction he's adjacent to you.
Well, I think if he's on your left, it's bad news for you and if he's on your right, it's
bad news for a loved one, I believe, if I'm remembering this correctly.
There's also a daylight savings time component.
Oh, fuck yeah.
But if a Japanese person comes and stands next to you.
Oh boy.
Oh man.
Get ready.
Get ready for good stuff because here it comes.
It's coming on down.
What's that tumbling down the mountain?
I think it's a nugget of fortune headed your way.
The problem is you can't try and stand next to a Japanese person to try and emulate that
good fortune because they'll run away.
There's fry.
And if they run away, that's six more weeks of winter.
Yep.
Omens and portents.
This is a bad omen.
This is from FormSpring.
My best friend's ex-GF constantly hangs out with her friend and group, having isolated
all her friends when they were dating.
This is a problem because even when they were dating, we barely tolerated her often selfish
and childish behavior.
Please help.
Ah, she's a zilch.
Just tell her to go away.
Get out of here.
No thanks.
Hit the road, sister.
Next time she walks in the room, just speak in this kind of tone and saying things like,
mm-mm.
No thanks.
I don't think so.
Actually, I'm trying to have a conversation with you.
Oh, gross.
Too bad.
That's grody.
Let's don't say we did.
So, bring up all mid-90s phrases.
P-A-R-T-Y, because I gotta.
Mask?
Well, okay.
That's just the mask.
Shoot.
Shoot.
Oh, shit.
Reganomics.
What?
If that doesn't work, you could always dump a bucket of pig's blood on her.
Yeah.
No harm could come from that.
She'll get the message.
Dude's sweet, I think.
No, talk to her ex that is a staple of your group, because it's his problem.
It's on him.
He brought this fucking albatross into your group, and now it's his job to dispatch her.
Next time, just be like, it's on you, Ricky.
It's on you.
It's on you, Ricky.
Next time, she comes in and then walk out the room.
And then you get the bonus of every time she keeps coming in the room, you get to give
him that look.
You get to look at her across the room and be like, you son of a bitch.
This is your doing, Rick.
We talked about this, Ricky.
Richard.
Richard.
Richard.
Kyle on Gmail asks, hey guys, is talking to yourself weird?
Context.
All about context.
It's not.
Context is so important.
You know what?
If you're giving yourself a badass pump up speech in the mirror, I do that from time
to time.
You know what?
I decided it was weird because I talk to myself all the time.
Talking to yourself about stopping talking to yourself is weird.
I'll start to say out loud, what am I doing?
I need to stop.
I look crazy and I use my hands a lot.
But when you get out of the shower and you're looking at yourself in the mirror and you
just grit your teeth and you give yourself a let's fuck some shit up cowboy, then that's
not weird.
That's not weird at all.
That's natural.
I talk to myself all the time.
I say things like you're going to have a great day today.
Send that positive energy my way.
You can definitely do this ten thousandth push up.
And I say things like, oh, God, oh, God, he's turning blue.
You have to stop.
You have to stop.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
You have to stop.
You have to stop.
Why aren't you stopping?
You made me sick.
You made me sick.
You made me sick.
I wish you were dead instead of him.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Is he dead?
You have to run.
You have to find someplace to hide and bury the body.
And I don't think that's weird.
It's just it helps you sort your thoughts out, you know.
So there's this girl I like.
I don't.
But I'm pretty sure a friend of mine likes her, too.
She works in the same office as him, so it's likely he's made more progress and just generally
has more access to her.
He's a good guy.
So I'm conflicted.
Should I continue the pursuit or back down?
Shane.
This is great because this isn't one of those too late questions where it's like my friend
is engaged to this girl.
How can I get her?
Yeah.
It's this is open, open season kind of question.
Sure.
Well, that's kind of completely less offensive kind of way.
I don't know.
He's already taken it that direction with this made more progress.
Yeah.
What is it?
Is he got to the eighth level of sleeping with her?
Like, what are you talking about?
He won the first 10 points.
I got two in there somewhere.
My question is, how much do you really like this girl if you're not seeing her any at
all?
Like if your friend's making all this progress because he works with her and sees her all
the time, what kind of interaction do you actually have with this girl?
How do you know her?
I think it breaks down to who saw her first.
Yeah, that's what it is, which the thing I don't think it's you, Shane, because he works
with her.
The key thing to keep in mind is just don't consider her feelings.
Yeah.
Sure.
That's the most important thing, because if you ask her what she wants, then, oh, I don't
know.
No.
The decision's not up to her.
But if it were, she would go with your friend.
Guys, I respectfully disagree.
I think Shane, step one, go to where she works.
Step two, barge into the office no matter who tries to stop you.
Step three, stand over her cubicle yelling, which one do you choose?
You can only have one, you trollop.
Pick one.
Stop dragging my heart around.
I think that's the solution right there.
Or you form a bro pact with your buddy and say, you know what?
We both dig her.
I think to preserve our friendship, neither one can have her, and then two weeks later,
you flip it.
You're not really good friends with him anyways.
Don't even worry about it.
Or you say, I'll date her Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
You can date her Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, and then Sundays will trade off.
This is all sounding really good, guys.
I think, you know what?
I was worried we wouldn't be able to come up with a really good answer on this one,
but I feel like we've- Or cut her in half.
Cut her in half.
Whichever one of you stops doesn't really love her.
You know, obviously, which have to take the bottom.
I thought you meant cut her in half lengthwise.
Oh no.
Oh no, she'll die from that.
Yeah.
You'll have to put her together like one of those whistle suckers that doesn't work unless
you have...
Remember those whistle gummies that people used to have?
You stick two gummies together, you turn into a whistle, she'd be like that.
I gotcha.
I might've dreamed them.
I think you may have dreamed them.
This one comes from Yahoo Answers user Kibby MIA, who asks-
What happened to Kibby?
He's MIA.
I don't know.
I haven't seen him in a while.
Did he go AWOL?
No.
No.
VTOL?
No.
Those aren't...
He's MIA.
Guys, I just got the news.
He's Kibby POW.
Oh no.
Yeah.
No.
We're going to get you, Kibby.
Stay strong.
Tristan's going to come, he's going to bust up Osama's-
Tristan's coming, Kibbs.
Just hang on.
Hang on to hope.
This is a topical sports question, which we'll know a lot about.
Who better?
LeBron with no legs or Kobe with no legs?
This is how much I know about sports is the thought I just had was, okay, so they both
have legs.
I do know they...
I've settled that.
Now, I know they both have legs.
They both have two big, strong legs each.
Sinui.
Big, sinui, beautiful trunks.
You know, you said, you said, who better, beautifully phrased, and I, you know, I first
thought who would be better in a sporting event, but maybe he's asking who would learn
the most and become a better person.
Okay, so let's cut it in, let's split this question in half like we would with-
Shane's girlfriend.
Shane's girlfriend.
Okay.
So, who would be better at sports?
Me.
Okay.
Really?
Is this between us?
You think if you went Chicago 21 against LeBron and Kobe, neither of which had legs.
Let me tell you-
Would they, like, Cripple Masters join up and one would be the arms and one would be
the legs?
And their torsos would fuse and they'd be like a push me, pull you, but they'd be really
good at basketball.
Yeah.
And-
I love this.
I love it too.
And really good at defending reporters.
Oh, but they play for two different teams now, don't they?
Yeah.
That would get tricky.
So, okay, Kobe Bryant, 31 years old.
Okay.
Are you looking up some stats?
Yeah.
Kobe Bryant, 31 years old, and according to this card that I cut off the back of his action
figure, he's got a power rating of eight.
Okay.
Okay.
That's a lot of fucking power, dude.
Yeah.
On a scale of-
It's a lot.
It's a big-
Scale of 10?
Yeah.
Okay.
Kobe Bryant's stats are a nine and his tech skills-
Jesus.
His tech skills are a seven.
Wow.
This guy's a fucking super genius.
Yeah.
He's a super genius.
Holy hell.
He's a super genius, super slam dunk artist.
What's he doing balling?
He should be up in NASA taking us to the moon and shit.
He balls at night and invents during the day.
Oh my God.
LeBron James, age 25, power rating nine.
Ooh.
Oh.
Yeah.
Smart.
Kick it up.
Seven.
Seven.
Holy shit.
Holy shit.
Yeah.
LeBron James is really good with tech.
Do you guys remember when time travel was invented in the year 2010 by the king, by the
basketball king, the king of all basketball?
We have to get back.
How?
There's only one way.
We have to subvert the laws of the LeBron continuum.
Fuck.
Fuck, LeBron.
You missed that really important three pointer and now the Miami Heat lost their basketball
game.
Not so fast.
Pew, pew, pew.
Only time travels back and makes the shot.
Yeah.
That's what that sound was.
He goes back and he meets George Washington and a clown and he helps him decide where
to put the state capital.
LeBron James in the time belt.
So I guess, I guess that answers that.
LeBron James.
LeBron James.
Who would be a better person?
We talked about sports side.
Who would be a better person?
It depends.
If you live in Cleveland, it's Kobe.
If you live outside of Cleveland, it's LeBron because Kobe didn't, didn't know, but here's
the difference.
I think Kobe has the most to learn.
Kobe's got a lot.
What?
Why?
Well, he's kind of a dick.
Because his tech skills are.
No, you're, you've flipped them.
You flipped them.
LeBron's kind of a dick.
No, LeBron's a dick to people in Cleveland, but people in Miami think he's great.
Yeah.
They think he's the best.
Did you move down to Miami, Travis?
Did you get down there?
I am, I am noncommittal to any geographic location.
Yeah.
Okay.
So you're a world president.
Except for Norman, Oklahoma.
Represent.
Um, so I guess that answer, yeah, I think we've pretty well addressed that one.
Driven it right into the ground.
BC Potter.
Maybe that's what happened.
Maybe they didn't lose their legs.
They've been driven into the ground.
Who put this cement here?
A whole Larry Bird.
Larry Bird from Bugs Bunny.
Just getting into shenanigans.
Space Jam 2.
We took LeBron.
Kobe.
Kobe.
Kobe.
Kobe.
Kobe.
Kobe.
Kobe.
Kobe.
Kobe.
Kobe.
Kobe.
I hate Kobe's legs.
Get on Taffy's shoulders, stupid.
Bc Potter from Twitter writes, my woman wants me to shave the old berry patch.
Any suggestions to get the job done as clean as possible.
What's going on in her scene, that she wants you to be clean shaving down there?
Cause you think you're going to do it once, you're setting yourself up for a hobby.
This is your new hobby is shaving your zone, or else you're going to have itchy itchy zone
a on the on the reg.
Itchy zone.
on the red you don't make that now that you've used that I can't use that for
the name of my family saw a restaurant the itchy zone the itchy zone yeah fuck
fuck yeah don't do this don't do this thing that she's asking you to do this
is it it's it's impossible to get it soups clean yeah you can't get it soups
clean it's gonna be like it's gonna look like you're John Stamos down there
famous level counterpoint just do one side yeah and then say then give her
like a case your choice option would one side looks like little on the right one
side looks like a man's penis the other side looks like a baby's this is this
qualifies as an emasculifice she's making you she's trying to emasculate you and
it's really a trick she doesn't want you to do this what she wants you to do is
say no I won't do that I'm a man yeah oh my god you're right and you say men have
hair down there we are still in a society and and then knock something
over may knock things over that's just life if you do do it though do it now in
the summer don't wait till the winter oh no cuz I was like you know you're able
to water when you're outside it's not a good idea you need me to walk around
naked just walk around completely naked I have a friend who doesn't like to
experience new forms of entertainment because he's afraid you won't
understand them without knowing everything about them what do you do you
can try you start by finishing your sentences form spring power of voodoo
what happened to him what we lost him so what what is it what does he mean like
movies like he doesn't I don't know that he means that per se I think he's
probably talking more about like extreme sports entertainment like a fear of like
3d what he's afraid of 3d technology yeah like he's afraid of new forms of
entertainment no no I think he's talking about jetskiing and wakeboarding hey listen
listen listen Chaz just go out wakeboarding with your friends for once
please Michael Michael when you die are you gonna be sad that you didn't
understand wakeboarding for a day are you gonna be sad because you didn't get
that that spray that ocean spray in your face as you wake boarded your way down
the coast spray get that sweet salty foamy spray Michaels in the front seat
he's driving the boat Michael spraying you in the face you're waking you're in
the back you're waking like you don't even no cares in the world just wake and
spray wake and wake wake and wake you guys just got up it's dawn and you're
afraid you want to understand what's there to understand it's two men who
care about each other one of them is driving a boat and spraying the other
in the face with salty foam just looking back at him thumbs up hey Chaz
you're doing it remember you were so afraid but now you're doing it oh god
that's a great end of a movie right there right the last slide the last line
of this movie screenplay is you were so afraid but now you did it get that spray
that sounds like the end of a movie we'd check out from the church library when
we were eight except I don't think they had movies called wake and spray in the
church library you're right McGee
good work butter churn gang spray salty life foam into Chaz's face get that
foamy spray and then talk about weird euphemisms for God Tim Tim McGraw said
it best every fucking episode with this live like you were dying you gotta get
that see foam gonna spray it on your face your friend looks at you knowingly
you're sharing a sweet moment hey you know what's a good a great moment for
the end of this inspirational movie Michael looks at Chaz and just kind of
smiles and says hey you got a life mustache and reaches up and wipes yeah
yahoo yahoo answers user Holly asks is it weird to kiss your dad on the lips
just a quick kiss on the lips no tongue you hello bye I love you etc my sister
used to do it too but she's grown out of it now and I haven't I'm 20 BTW I love
you daddy I love you daddy come here if you're kissing other people's dads on
the lips no just her daddy still give her low hand what's up did did you uh the
the good part of this situation is that is a no loss because if you kiss your
dad on the lips and you think it's okay then other people if they say hey that's
weird you're a weird you're a weirdo you can say why why don't you get your head
on the gunner it's my dad sicko then they're the sick ones I think there's a
way to be creepy about it now I'm just kissing my dad on his sweet bristly lips
look at me what's up with that stainless double that I'm by your Gillette fusion
I think it's the creepiest thing I've ever heard oh there it is I'm just gonna
be straight up I'm usually pretty accepting of abnormal behavior but fuck
that that is weird I don't think you know though until you do it I think
everyone after they're done listening to this episode needs to go find their
pep-pep and plant one on him right on his sweet lips I've been looking for a
good sign-off for the show for so long and I think kiss your dad square on the
lips is probably square on his sweet plump lips kiss dad god I'm so disgusted
right now you're like drenching in your throat yes I hate both of you I'm
muting my microphone as we speak so I can bomb it in the corner
here daddy come here pep-pep here it comes is it worth it to pick up a penny
that is considering the amount of energy expended in the cost of food required to
pick up said to provide said energy can a penny be considered profit Ryan gmail
no no what no you know what I do when people give me pennies no joke I throw
them in the garbage that's where pennies go in the garbage do you know why
because that's a penny receptacle because pennies are in garbage pennies
are garbage they're worth more the metal in them is worth more than the value
that we've artificially passionate they're awful they're the worst coins
they're only they're politicians from from zinc states can can keep jobs and
in their home hometowns imagine this you're cleaning your room and it's been
a while and you move a chair and there's a glint in the carpet and you say oh my
goodness a coin but then it's a penny is it worth it no because I like this
feeling in the world I just throw that across the room and say I'll find that
again later I like to call pennies hobo pranks because hobos asked for change
I'm like sure here it comes here comes a big fistful of pennies gotcha better
luck next time they like wear cargo pants with like 18 pockets and just
fill them with pennies and then wait for someone to ask you for change and then
just start dumping out your pockets oh man that's gonna be a real good prank
it's gonna be a real good goof and it's gonna be worth it to have all those
stinky heavy-ass pennies in your pants what smells worse side side topic what
smells worse than a receptacle that has held coins something that has held coins
previously and then you get your you get your your snog in there get your sniffer
yeah that's a well that's on the other hand what smells better than a
receptacle that has contained a large sum of paper money yeah oh yeah that's
that's sweet right that coin stuff smells like you made a robot out of dookie
I'm gonna go one step further and say fuck nickels and dimes too and quarters
quarters are where it's at and that's that's the only thing let's see it when
was the last time like nobody's ever bought anything with a penny but when
was the last time you actually bought something with a nickel or a dime never
yeah I put them in the parking meter yeah you put them in the parking most
parking meters though they don't even take those anymore they only take
quarters I actually I only believe in using Sacagawea coins you want to try
that again for all our Native American listeners who are so angry right now
Sacagawea but you'll get it I call them I call them
savage sense see I think it might be a think it might be offensive check our
lips and stats and see if we have any listeners on reservations because if so
I will I will delete that around the outside of the coin it says in many gods
we trust so let's let's end the show cuz you know we've all got things to do
places to be today I know I never won in this show you know but if you want to
send in a question for next time you can find all our info on mbnbam.com it's our
website you can email us at mbnbam at gmail.com you can send in a question on
form spring which is anonymous and you can find that link on our website you
can tweet at us using the hashtag mbnbam or at mbnbam Justin you want to talk
about the t-shirts real quick yeah exciting stuff this week that that we're
gonna try to get live for you this week number one t-shirt pre-orders gonna get
a better price on them if you pre-order them and I don't know how many more we're
gonna make other than the ones that are pre-ordered we're gonna get two different
styles for you one is like sort of a dark blue it has the mbnbam logo in
white and another one is a cream colored shirt with the drawing of Jeffrey in
purple both by mr. Justin Rousseau and may I say they are slimming they are
very slimming we should have pre-orders up this week also and and for all this
stuff that I'm talking about go to the website and follow the Twitter in
mbnbam.com and or visit or it's at mbnbam it's the Twitter feed so you're
gonna hear about it through these we'll put some up on the Facebook
group too we have a Facebook group you can join it just search for it on
Facebook I don't know how to find it I don't have a really good answer for you
on that one we're also gonna get a phone number this week I think tweet about
that if we get one and an iPhone app is forthcoming my god I know I know now the
iPhone app should be coming out in it should be out this week if it's gonna be
like two dollars because we got a charge for it it's like part of the Libsyn deal
it's basically gonna be a conduit for listening to shows and getting in touch
so it'll have like buttons for you know emailing and form springing and and
calling the show and the biggest feature is you'll be able to listen to all the
episodes right there without the use of iTunes or anything like that as
background the background listening and and all that stuff but it certainly is
no pressure or anything if you want it cool if not it's only if it would be of
value to you don't feel like you have to to pay us back for all the times that
we've been together we'd much rather just buy a shirt or something and that's
all that we're not we're not getting rich off any of this stuff we just like
the idea that people are girding their torsos their LeBron style torsos and
also a big thank you to everybody who is you know acting as as diplomats for the
show going out and telling their friends and you know spreading spreading the
word I know we didn't do great this week if you were like hey this Monday tune in
for new yeah my bad but no Justin's bad it's nobody's fault why does it always
have to be like this I want to throw out a big thank you to Zach Lou a z a c k l
u y e did I say that correctly on Twitter will never know I introduced a
few ladies to MBM be am for a long way ladies hey ladies hey ladies I want to I
want to send out some thanks to for people's patience I want to thank the
people I wasn't very good in this episode of thanking people who sent in
yahoo answers but Jeremy Evan TJ you guys are you guys are heroes and
everyone else whose questions I didn't get time to read thank you thank you
you're keeping us alive hey you know what I think we might just have one more
question just maybe just one more maybe just one more always was sent in you got
a life mustache hold on okay this one was sent in by the greatest American
hero Tristan yep out there punching Osama on the day
listen Osama and saving MIA the music fans not Kirby am I a no Kibbe here we
go Kelby I've already get worse here we go
sent in by Darwin or rather the question is from Darwin is Taylor Swift
Illuminati and this has been my brother my brother and me you will never know me
kiss your dad square on the lips
you
