The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Life is like a hurricane. Hold on, let me just do it. Life is like a hurricane. Okay.
Life is like a hurricane. They're back, folks. Welcome back to Duckburg. We are here to
commemorate a huge event over the weekend. DuckTales are back in a huge way, and we,
the whole gang, us. DuckTales am here. Yeah, we are today. Today, look around you. Today,
we are all DuckTales. Welcome to my brother, my brother and me, a sort of DuckTales. I'm
gonna rename it, Justin. Okay. My Huey, my Dewey, and my Louie. Yeah, my name is-
How about, can I show, can I do? Yeah. Yeah, please. Please go ahead.
Quackin' Up with the McElroy Brothers. Oh, that's pretty good.
Stop. Quackin' Up with the McElroy Brothers calling DuckTales fanzine.
This is our DuckTales fanzine. My name is Justin Huey McElroy. I'm Travis
Webigale McElroy. I'm Griffin Gooey. This is a night record we should mention. We don't typically
do these, but if it feels like the atmosphere is a little bit more loosey-goosey, then that's why,
although that doesn't make sense, because I just ate a bunch of cheese pizza and like a half a
pint of ice cream, and so we have about t-minus 60 minutes before I experienced complete butt death.
On DuckTales, are there any geese?
Because there's like ducks, right? And then there's beagles.
Yeah, and robots. No, that'd be fucked up, wouldn't it? That would be like a human show
with a bunch of humans, and then one human would walk in with a long, long, beautiful,
sexy neck into the scene, and that would be kind of like if you're watching Law and Order SVU,
and then in walks a celebrity. Who's a celebrity nowadays?
Couldn't summon up any names of celebrities?
Let me try. Let me try. Chris O'Donnell walks in, but he's got a long, long, long, long neck.
That would be kind of like the one episode of Mickey Mouse Clubhouse,
which is a half hour of Goofy staring at Pluto and just being like,
what the fuck? We can all agree this is fucked up, right? Yuck!
He'll just stare at silence for like three minutes sometimes, and then he'll just be like,
no, but seriously, what the fuck? Yeah, it would be like an episode of
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse if there was a new character introduced who's just a fucking
filthy rat that would just shit, couldn't speak in the fun way that the other me speak,
but just like shits right on the floor and eats like a dirty sock, and he's just like,
because he's a rat and not a mouse. It's fucked up if you think about it.
There is a Mortimer Mouse on Mickey Mouse Clubhouse that is just evil as fuck,
and he looks like a dirty rat and never eats his fucking guts.
So Ducktales is back. Has anyone ever entertained the idea that
the reason Goofy wears clothes and talks and the reason Pluto doesn't
is because they're just different species of dog?
It's not some weird fucked up thing. I mean, just some dogs are smarter than other dogs.
No, that all clocks true. So Ducktales is here.
Can we talk about- The series premiered yesterday.
The second episode comes out September 23rd.
Give me some time to stew.
Give me some time to fucking peek and back off. Six weeks, okay. That's fine.
If you don't want to bring me to Ducktales climax right away, that's fine.
Just drop one episode on me for me to just vision board out and print out
JPEGs from the episodes. Where's the merch? Where's something?
You can't give me one episode of Ducktales and be like, it's back. It's really not.
Do you think there are people in message boards and chat rooms like Twin Peaks
that are like, what do you think is going to happen with the rest of the season?
In this one scene, Glomgold was wearing red plaid. Do you think that means that it's like blood
and it's all connected because that guy, I think that that's his brother.
Also, by the way, Twin Peaks.
Hey, that's nothing.
Are we free to talk about the, I'm sorry, insane thing that happened last year
that Travis willed into existence, or is that, do you think, forebidden
from being spoken about on the podcast?
No, that's public knowledge now.
Okay. Last year, we were talking about how very good it would be to have
our friend Ducktales back in the world because it's a good show and the news about
Ducktales being rebooted with a star-studded cast, we're like, fuck yeah, we're here for it.
We won't have to change our password that we use when strangers come to pick us up
at the playground. That's a bim-bam deep cut. Travis said, let's get Lin-Manuel Miranda up
in the mix and let's get him his gizmo duck straight up. Travis was not plugged into the
casting process to know that that was the truth. A day later, Lin texted us, who fucking blabbed?
Who blabbering blatherskites?
It's hysterical, by the way, that Lin thinks we know literally anybody else. Anybody on earth
who could have blabbed other than him are Hollywood patient zero, the only person that
we actually know that could do anything.
Travis was swept up in a months-long grand jury investigation.
I tried to explain that I'm just a precog. I always have been. I was born a precog and I've
lived a precog life. I tried to explain that to the judge. Eventually, the case was thrown out
because I was able to predict the judge's murder and save their wife. But then if the judge wasn't
murdered, then your thing wasn't true. Minority Report 2, it's bad. That was what happened in
the appeal. Shit. Hey, Trav, you got any other shots to call? How about the Name of the Wind
series coming out? It's gonna be real good. Yeah, who's in it? Us. Oh. But not as who you'd think.
All three of us play Elladin, stacked on each other's shoulders in a long row. Yeah, they
haven't done that in a while in a movie or TV show for a while. I think the last time I saw that was
Cloud Atlas and there was Tom Hanks on top of two uncredited actors. Two uncredited Tom Hanks. He
just said, I want to be tall in this one. If I'm going to be in this one, I want to be real,
real tall. So he had two uncredited actors carrying his weight. There's an amazing cast
in this new reboot of DuckTales. There's David Tennant, Scrooge McDuck, Danny Pudi is
Huey, Ben Schwartz is Dewey, Bobby Moynihan is Louie, Kate McCoochie is Webigale. It's amazing.
It's a huge cast. Beck Bennett is Launchpad, McQuack, are you kidding me? Get out of here.
Star-studded cast. Who's playing Donald Duck? Well, Tony Anselmo. Now I know what you're thinking.
I don't know the name Tony Anselmo. Well, you wouldn't, except for this one thing.
Tony Anselmo is the reigning Donald Duck. And that is the one part where they're like, well,
no, you gotta go to Tony. You gotta get Tony because Tony has been Donald Duck since
1986. Every time you've heard Donald Duck on the original DuckTales. Yeah, that's Tony Anselmo.
Like Tony Anselmo is only Donald Duck. Check his IMDb. It's Buckwild. Only Donald Duck
and always Donald Duck. You can do like a star-studded cast and like we're going to take,
you know, Huey in a different direction and we're going to make Launchpad sound slightly different.
But you couldn't have like Donald Duck as played by Michael Fassbender just like walking around
like, hello, nephews. Come, come with me now. Oh, uncle. Yes, we must fight Glomgold.
You could have gotten, you could have gotten me though.
Oh, what a fight. I tried to almost watch that, that, that Lovecraftian deep tongue.
Yeah, no kidding. Thank you to Tony. Thank you to DuckTales. Can we do the show advice?
Yeah. Would love to get Tony on the show, by the way. So Tony for listening, get at us. Let's do
this. Let's stop dancing around it. There's probably somebody who listens to our show
with like a full blown conspiracy theory that we must just do all sorts of native advertising
on our show. Like there's no way that they just talk about these things for 12 minutes and no one
paid for 12 minutes. There's no way what human being would do a show where they just said
DuckTales for 12 minutes without being paid to do it. We would. We did. We did.
Here's our first question. I need your help. For about a year now, once a month,
someone in my building leaves a banana peel on or around my doorway. At first,
I regarded this as bland bemusement, but then they started deliberately hiding them under my
drawing umbrella or under the doormat, which is a bit sinister. Today, I was horrified to find one
hanging on my door handle. I had to touch the gross banana mess with my real human fingers.
Any advice on how to get this to stop or failing that advice on how to ferret out the culprit
would be appreciated. And that's from Kip.
Um, is it possible that this is the symbol that lets God's angels of vengeance know to pass over
your house, saving, saving you on this- Trying to save you, Kip.
Trying to save you on this high holy day. Maybe, maybe it's possible.
Is it possible that in a similar vein, this is some sort of like local secret, like secret society,
and they really want you to join and they don't understand. They keep leaving. They're calling
card to let you know that they're calling you up. And yet you keep not showing up to their monthly
meetings. Of the Nanner team.
Of the Nanner team. That is their name. It's not very scary.
But they do a lot of good. They do good. They're very much like Shriners in that way.
So secretive, just like Shriners. What's even going on in those tiny cars?
They run everything the Nanner team does, and I'm glad we can finally discuss them
openly in the podcast. Well, I mean, we'll have to shut the show down after this. I mean,
we'll have to shut the show down after this. I mean, we can't invoke the Nanner team name
and then just continue making jokes like silly boys. Maybe Banana Man lives in your building
and he comes home drunk. He's like, I'm going to take a shit right here.
And then he does shit. It's his shit. And he always shits right there on your door.
Hold on. OK, so you mean Banana Man, the cartoon within Danger Mouse,
if I remember correctly, and in your mind, canonically, he shits banana peels?
He doesn't even shit whole bananas. That's what's fucked up to me is he shits out
the used husk of a banana. Well, I don't want to. I mean,
I don't want to play this game with you, but he only eats bananas.
So what do you want him to shit? You know, some whole like Griffin.
So we please don't invoke that that curse back upon my brand. So we got so far list of such.
Let's get let's this is going to be helpful. Let's do a list of suspects.
We've got somebody from Nanner team. We've got somebody protecting you
from God's angel of righteous vengeance. We have but we do have Banana Man.
I'm going to go ahead and put Donkey Kong on the list.
He's either cruising cruising by and he either finishes his snack ever because he's very he's
a very deliberate young ape and he finishes his banana snack on his way to his apartment.
And do you even know your fucking neighbors? Do you even know that you live next door to
fucking Donkey Kong? OK, whatever. And he just always finishes the banana there.
And that's where he drops it. Alternatively, there's a Mario Kart race that goes on by.
So they just toss it there trying to trip up Toad or Yoshi or whoever.
Griffin, if you live in the same apartment building as Donkey Kong,
you would know because every time he tried to walk up the stairs,
you'd have to jump over those barrels. That is a good point.
Video game. Justin, you have a video game joke?
Uh, I don't actually. Isn't that weird? Yeah. Wow. Huh?
Yeah. Huh? So Donkey Kong is definitely on the list.
It could just be a mean child. There's a lot of those.
A mean? But here's the thing, Griffin. A mean but deliberate child. Like,
I would understand if the banana peel just showed up, like, on your doormat.
But under your doormat? Like, this might be someone in the building who now thinks it's
a funny inside joke they have with you, except they forgot to let you inside.
Uh, Kip, I have a question. Have you ever seen Memento?
It's a great movie. It's good. It's really good.
So I watched Children of Men yesterday. That's another good movie. Travis,
have you seen a good movie lately? Um, let's see. What have I watched lately?
I'm saying Kip's eating the bananas. I liked Moon.
Moon is underappreciated. Oh, it's a good one.
Yeah. I'm saying Kip's eating the bananas
is what I'm saying. And forgets about it.
Kip is eating the banana, and it's a very- and it's not like-
Okay, this is gonna sound wild until I put it to you like this.
Tell me the exact moment that you last ate a banana.
Me? Exactly. Thank you.
I'm asking both of you. Tell me the exact last moment that you ate a banana.
On purpose or accidentally? Both.
It was- it was that fateful- it was that fateful viral video.
Okay, well Griffin had a viral hit the last time he ate a banana,
so he probably- I have- I have lots of evidence.
I will admit, since having a baby, I mindlessly eat bananas sometimes,
because like, we'll give her half a banana, and while I just stand there and stare at her,
mush it into her face like a monster, I will realize I'm eating the other half,
almost like simpatico, like I can't help it. Like, we must both destroy bananas in this moment.
Okay. Okay.
This is what I'm saying, Kip. You need to look- take a long look in that deep,
dark, truthful mirror and say, hey, did- did I eat the banana?
Am I doing this to myself? Is this a Kip joint that I created for myself?
Am I the Nanner monster?
Am I the Nanner monster? It's possible. Those are all very-
Am I the founder of Nanner team?
Get a fucking Nest Cam or something and get to the bottom of this,
because I'm not going to be able to sleep tonight. Thank you, Kip.
How about a Yahoo? Yeah, absolutely.
Man, I got some fucking wild ones, y'all. Um, I'm gonna read this one.
I don't know if it'll be a good conversation point, but I was so intrigued by it,
and it was sent in by Chris, uh, Haug. Thank you, Chris.
It's Yahoo Answers user Mike Will, and this is a Yahoo Answers Now, so time is of the essence.
Mike Will asks, in singles and dating,
how I got the blank ATM card that changed my life.
There's not a question mark on this. I guess they're a little bit more loosey-goosey with
punctuation in Yahoo Answers Now. Um, it's a period at the end of this one,
and if you're waiting for more, you're gonna be disappointed, because there isn't any more.
This seems like, uh, maybe a prompt for, like, a short story and a creative writing class,
but how I got the blank ATM card that changed my life?
Um, I think I would posit that what this headline is trying to make us think is, like, an ATM card
that is, like, somehow fully loaded, but without any restrictions, but in fact,
wouldn't a blank ATM card just be... It wouldn't work.
Yeah, it would just be a, like, rectangle of plastic, right?
You'd get on Amazon, and you'd say, like, I'm gonna buy myself a nice foot bath,
and then they send you a card, and you're like, okay, I'm gonna buy myself a foot bath.
And then they say, what's the... Mike, Will, whichever.
I need the information on the card, please, to complete the transaction.
It's me, Jeff Bezos. I think I'm the Amazon guy.
And you can't provide the information, because it doesn't exist as a blank ATM card.
It did change his life, though.
That would be a fucking power move, though. If you walked into a store, and they're like,
that'll be 56.30, and you just handed them a rectangle of blank plastic,
and just, like, stared at them as they tried to, like, insert it into the chip machine,
or swipe it, and you just kept looking, and they're like, it's not working.
Just, like, gnawed at them. Like, never address anything until they're like, just leave.
Please just take your stuff and get out.
And then, who's that? It's your husband. That's how I met my husband.
My blank ATM card changed my fucking life.
Changed everything.
Let's do a different one, because this is dumb.
All right.
This one was sent in by six different people, but Madeline Diaz was the first one.
Thank you, Madeline. It's an anonymous Yahoo Answers user, so it's also Mike Will.
Says, my cat saw me throw away a mouse.
My cat brought me a mouse, and it saw me pick it up and throw it outside.
Will my cat know that I trashed it?
Okay, wait.
Is the concern of this question, like, my cat knows that there's a mouse in the garbage,
or is the concern of this question, my cat gave it to me,
and, like, as a present, and saw me throw it away?
This cat is not going to be offended.
Kitties are so funny, because they're always bringing you little gifts,
and you never really want the gifts.
I just love these, I just love these little guys.
Cats are like, cats are like the extended family that found out,
like, you were into something, because they saw you have it, like, once,
and then, like, you're always getting Minions toys.
Your cat, your cat saw you eat one mouse, and was like, oh, I got you, me too, me too, me too.
Oh, man, oh, I had a mouse, then he took the mouse away from me.
He must want mice.
I got this.
Yeah, he must love them.
The question asker says they threw it in the trash,
and then later in the question, they threw it outside.
I do not know the cat on Earth that if you were like,
anyways, I'm just going to chuck this mouse outside,
that cat would not be like, oh, dunk, free mouse.
Like, there's no way that cat's not going to make a run for it.
Um, user J-O-E says, oh, Joe, oops, says.
He's been inside too long, pull him out.
Says, Kitty says, I will never understand humans,
they throw out good food, such a waste.
I don't think Kitty, I love these little guys, like I said,
they're always up to fun and games that, like, I don't really understand,
but I don't think they necessarily understand value,
or, like, would make any sort of evaluations of my human, like, motivations.
If your cat thought it was weird when you threw the mouse in the trash,
how would your cat react if you just methodically started skinning the mouse,
and then rubbing it in butter and garlic, and then sauteing the mouse,
and then sitting down, and getting your deboning knife,
and deboning the mouse, and then sitting down, and just enjoying the mouse.
Would that be more strange for your cat to process?
It seems like that would be also very troubling for the cat.
I always find it funny when people talk about, like,
oh, it must be so weird, like, my cat watches me clean his litter box,
like, what does it think I do?
Your cat doesn't care.
Your cat doesn't think about you in that way.
Your cat doesn't give two shit.
And this isn't a cat versus dog thing,
because my dog also doesn't think about the things I do
three seconds after I'm done doing them.
I love these pets.
Can we stop the podcast for, like, a minute,
so I can go find my kitty and give him a big kiss on his head?
But do you guys remember when I had the lizards?
You had lizards?
You don't remember that brief period where I had the aquarium
up in my attic room with the two, like, red lizards in there?
You don't remember that?
I don't remember you had lizards.
Somebody gave me a box with some lizards in it
when I was in elementary school or middle school.
I didn't have them very long.
I wasn't very responsible.
They were already pretty old when they were given to me, folks.
Don't worry at home.
Um, but I remember thinking, this may be the best tra-
like, the best trade-off of pet-to-owner interaction level
of, like, even better than fish.
The low level, I must commit to enjoy these lizards
being in this glass box.
I gotta know more about this person that gave you a box
and said, here's two very old lizards.
Will you help them die, Travis?
Will you help these old lizards find their way to Jesus?
I wish I could remember more salient details
about this lizard exchange.
But honest to God, the only thing I can remember
is coming home one day from, like, some kind of practice
and mom and dad being like, hey, sorry, your lizards are dead.
And I walked into my room where they were in the aquarium
and I poked them and they started running around
and I looked at mom and dad and they were like,
I swear they were dead, like, 10 minutes ago.
Welcome to-
Thank you for calling Travis McElroy's lizard hospice.
We do have where we try to provide the most calming
sort of spiritual experience for your lizards, too.
Feel free to let go.
That's the main thing we try to achieve here.
If you guys are gonna have a bird pet,
what kind of bird pet would you have?
Big bird, little bird?
Which one would you go?
Justin says no way.
No way, birds fuck me up, man.
Not even like a hawk, Justin, but your falcon?
Birds are the mice of the sky.
No way on earth would I ever have a bird pet.
That's beautiful.
What if it, okay, what if it got out and I had to move?
Cause no way, no way.
Yeah, yeah.
So you mean got out within your home?
Got out in the house and it'd be like, hi, century 21.
It did happen again.
Is this Jake with State Farm?
I need to move.
I know State Farm doesn't sell houses,
but I didn't know who else to call.
I'm so scared.
Hi, is this J-A-K-E with State Farm?
Oh wait, sorry, it's Jake.
Is this Jake with State Farm?
Go eat ass.
I would want to do a heavenly dove.
I want a hawk.
I just always pictured myself something of a 15th century lord.
That's so much work.
I know that's how you envision yourself.
I want a beautiful dove.
One that's completely quiet all the time though.
I'd just like to have my own wings.
Does that count?
I kind of put my wings on my kitty.
That's the best of both pets.
Oh man, if Buttercup could fly.
Oh, that'd be amazing.
If I have a flying dog.
Not a good podcast.
It's nine o'clock p.m. on a Sunday night.
What do you want from us?
Family Guy's on and I know I'm missing it.
Jesus.
How about the question?
That's what I want from you.
What do you guys think Stoodie Griffin?
What do you guys think Stoodie Griffiths is doing right now?
I bet he's probably messing with his dog.
His dog friend, Briggan.
And they have a good old time.
I bet whatever he's doing, it is not like congruous with what his age would suggest.
Yeah, love that.
I'm gonna read this fucking question if you don't.
I was driving home from work yesterday and I stopped behind-
One night with my lab, I did see quite a fright.
I don't know the words.
That's it?
Nothing more topical than a Monster Mash reference in August.
That's not even the way the song starts.
You just decided-
I was driving home from work late one night.
My boss is a real jerk and kept me late.
What a dick.
Anyway, Mash.
I had to quit.
I had to quit my job.
I hate my job.
If all Griffin needs is two words to start his Yankovic machine up.
Two words and a gerund.
He needs two words and a gerund to start the Yankovic proclamation.
I'm not sure that I want to-
Okay.
I was driving home from work yesterday and I stopped behind a van at a red light.
The van had a rear-facing seat occupied by two teens.
We made eye contact.
That's your first mistake.
I spent the rest of the red light looking at the floor.
How should I handle this situation if I get stuck behind them in traffic again?
And that's from-
Oh God, please stop looking at me in Orlando.
Man, holy shit.
So like we had a station wagon growing up that had rear-facing seats and there were,
you know, a grip of us.
And so like almost always one of us would be back there having to,
um, you know, have eye contact with people behind us.
So like, first of all, think about the fact that this is the only time this happened to
you all night and to them it was, it was Tuesday.
Like this was, this is their, this is their fucking life.
And so like I cannot imagine-
When you had eye contact with M. Bison, it was the worst day of your life.
Like it's, this is, this is, first of all, is this, how is this fucking allowed?
Like since having a child and having to put like a car safety suit on,
a safety seat in the car,
I feel like I'm way more aware of like automotive safety standards.
How is it cool for folks to just be like,
we're going to face the opposite way as everybody in the car.
Are we good?
I don't think you're good back there a little bit, maybe.
Not just from a safety standard though, Griffin,
it also sends a signal to whoever is in those seats like,
and you're not a part of the rest of the car.
Enjoy looking out the back.
We'll be up here talking.
It does preclude the need for a baby on board sticker.
Cause it's like, look, they're right there.
Look, there's babies.
Make your, make whatever driving decisions you want.
But as you can see, I have my teens in the car.
Please try to be responsible.
Drive like your teens are in my car.
I think the best thing-
Trying to run me off the road like Liam Neeson.
I think the best thing you could have done is reached down
and retrieved your fidget spinner and then spun it up real good for them
to show them that like you mean them no harm and you're,
you know, you're safe and with it.
Roll down some windows and blast LMFAO.
Is that still a thing?
Absolutely.
It's still a thing, Travis.
I'm so glad you've said that.
We knew this was going to happen,
but we made an episode of our TV show,
our short-lived television program,
which has a new home, by the way, vrv.co forward slash nbmbam.
Go watch the whole thing for free.
We'll talk more about it at the end,
but we made an episode about it and we knew this would happen,
but it's about teens and connecting with teens.
And we focused heavily on dabbing and fidgets
and water bottle flips.
We missed fidget spinners by like a day.
Yeah.
And the absence of fidget spinners from that episode
has just hope like it insta-dated it.
It like is already hopelessly out of date
because fidget spinners were not present in the episode.
It's like by the time it came to air,
it was already hopelessly free of fidget spinners.
I wish there was a thing you could do in the car
that didn't involve paying attention to anything outside of the car
that was like even remotely safe or acceptable.
Like, you know what I mean?
Like if there was like a little-
Like a partition.
Right, but at the front,
a partition that popped up on the hood
that prevented like, you know what I mean?
But then it's unsafe and you can't see when the light changes.
Anytime I am stopped at a stoplight next to somebody else,
especially if they have like a flashy car
or like a loud car or they look young,
I'm always really afraid of sending any signals to them.
This is true.
It's gonna sound like a joke, but I'm just gonna say it anyway.
I'm always afraid of sending any signals to them
that I want to race them.
I'm always worried that I want to do the wrong thing
and they're gonna think that I'm trying to race them.
Or I'm saying that my Honda Pilot is faster than their car in any way.
And I'm just always really paranoid
about making it clear that I don't want to race them.
Have you, has your foot ever slipped
and you've accidentally like tapped the accelerator
while you're also holding the brake and you're like,
oh, oh God, no, no, no, no.
And I have to take my hands off the wheel
and be like, no, no, no, no racing, no racing, please.
I feel like I used to get that in Huntington
when like, you know, fucking high school,
especially driving home from high school,
the high school that Travis and I and Justin
for I guess three of the years attended
was like up on this big hill
and you had to like get out on the highway
and drive up to it.
And so like everybody just fucking drove.
I feel like driving home from that especially,
like every other day,
some motherfucker in like a big Ford truck
would like try to race us.
And I didn't know how to tell them like,
no, I don't, but then they still race you.
And I, even though I didn't want to participate,
I still take the psychic damage from knowing I lost.
It's a lose-lose situation.
Do you, do you ever when you're driving
like just designate in your mind,
especially when you're on a long car trip,
like that car and I are somehow cosmically connected now
where like, you just see like another,
like you and red car are just like
kind of maintaining the same speed
and going the same direction for a hundred miles.
On a road trip, like you and, you know,
some, you know, Beatle just keep passing each other
for like eight hours.
And it's like, oh, nice.
And then you stop at a Denny's
and then you leave the Denny's
and like an hour later you see him again.
It's like, oh, you stopped too, yes.
Nice. I saw today
when I was driving back from Huntington,
two motorcyclists, motorcyclers?
Cyclerinos.
And they were- Gearheads.
Gearhead, two gearheads.
And they were on bikes, like one car ahead of me
and like together for easily 25 miles.
And then suddenly at an intersection,
one of them turned and the other one kept going
for a long time.
And I got a divorce just there on the road.
Suddenly I was incapable of accepting
that they had not been together that whole time.
Like that they were just two independent gearheads
that are just like, let's ride together for a while.
And like, I was truly blown away and touched
by that moment of like, I don't know you
and you don't know me,
but we're gearheads for life now.
Let's go.
I can't wait till self-driving cars like fix all this
because I will not have to even look up from my Mad Magazine
that I'm just sitting in the cockpit
of my fucking GoPod that Elon just made for me.
It's a custom Elon original GoPod.
And just like, you're in your GoPod facing backwards
like an asshole.
You know, fidget spinning two or three spinners
at the same time, like showing off that.
And I'm just like, nice try.
And meanwhile, I'm trying to solve all the puzzles
and all the Mad Magazine, get all the jokes
in the Mad Magazine.
Trying to fold that back page.
Do the fold one, yeah.
I love that.
All right, we've lost the plot.
Let's go to the money zone.
This week, I want to tell you about an old friend.
Oh, hey old friend.
Come on in, sit on down.
Oh, it's been a while.
It's been a while since we talked over it.
What's that?
You brought snacks?
Your nature box?
Snacks, well, that was a weird intro to this ad.
But nature box is sponsoring us this week.
They have over a hundred snacks and they taste good
and are actually better for you.
All snacks are made for-
Everybody, if you listen back to that part,
if you're re-listening, when you get to that section,
I want you to imagine Travis like hanging by a noose
and Griffin and me just staring up at him like,
nope, let him dangle.
We're absolutely not gonna jump into this weird intro trap
that he has laid for himself.
Absolutely not.
I'm not worried.
I'm like fucking looping.
I'm gonna get out of whatever trap you laid for me.
I'm a bit of a joke wizard like that.
No bad joke can hold me.
All snacks are made from high quality, simple ingredients,
which means no artificial colors, flavors, or sweeteners.
So you can feel good about what you're eating.
I myself, I love a nice salty snack.
Love the Asiago cheese crisps.
I like the sesame sticks, that kind of thing.
Way deep into that.
But they also have like whole wheat chocolate.
I like a big island pineapple.
It's just a big pineapple ring that's all dried out
and I can look through it and pretend
that it's like a little portal to another world.
Justin, what do you like?
The chewing gum that they have.
Have you guys tried that yet?
Is that real?
No, but I was trying to get it going.
If they wanted to have some nature box chewing gum,
I bet it would be great
and it'd have lots of real fruit flavor.
And I would love that sort of natural approach.
Yeah, I love their hypothetical gum too.
That's my favorite.
Chav, what is your other stuff they don't have,
but that they would crush?
I really liked their nature box donuts
that are just filled with vegetables,
but it doesn't taste like it.
I got my home insurance through nature box.
And there's no artificial sweeteners in there.
But then my kitchen exploded and they got me.
They didn't give me money.
They just sent me a bunch of snacks.
And I was like, nature box, this is actually bad insurance.
I need a new home nature box.
This would all happen in the hypothetical.
And right now you'll say-
This is the world that I see.
This is the world I see when I peer through my pineapple rings.
Nature box is offering my brother,
my brother and me fans three free snacks
and the first month of your membership free
with your first order when you go to naturebox.com
slash my brother.
That's naturebox.com slash my brother
for three free snacks with your first order.
Naturebox.com slash my brother.
Come chow down on these delicious
preservative free stargates.
Everybody step back.
I'm about to talk about me undies.
You want to look good in your underwear
and be comfortable.
The balance is hard to find.
In fact, it's razor thin.
It's shaped like a me undies logo
because they're the only underwear that are both.
August is national underwear month
and celebrate me undies is making it easier than ever
to try the world's most comfortable underwear
by giving you a risk free guarantee.
All national underwear month long,
which is the only thing we're allowed to call it now.
No more August.
August is dead.
If you don't love your me undies, they're free.
Me undies are made from linsing micro modal,
a sustainably sourced naturally soft fabric
that's proven to be three times softer than cotton.
Listen, there's other stuff we could talk about
with me undies, but just please just try them
and tell me that you don't think that it is life-changing
comfort and pleasure there down there
because you will not regret it.
You're not going to need to,
I don't care about this guarantee they have.
It's a lie.
You know why?
Because you're never going to do that in a million years.
They're fantastic.
Get those lounge pants.
Those lounge pants are dope as fuck.
Get 20% off your first pair plus free shipping
at meundies.com slash my brother.
That's meundies.com slash my brother.
Go, get yourself some good underwear.
That promo goes till August 31st
or National Underwear Month the 31st.
That's meundies.com slash my brother.
Hey, I want to tell you about Drunks and Dragons.
It's a podcast on iTunes.
You can go to geekly, G-E-E-K-L-Y inc, inc.com
to find out more about this podcast.
It's an actual play, fifth edition D&D campaign
that is filled with unlikely but lovable heroes.
With an expansive back catalog, Drunks and Dragons
follows a group of friends as they try to save the world
without destroying it in the process.
Even though there's a large backlog,
you can jump in any time.
And we even have an abridged version
to help listeners get caught up quick.
Adventure Zone, the first campaign is ending this week.
You're looking for something else?
Another vine to swing to that has all that fifth edition
actual play content that you crave?
It's all geeklyinc.com for the Drunks and Dragons podcast.
I got a message for Nick, and it's from Aaron,
and it says, hey, buddy.
I don't know why I made that sound so sardonic.
I'm sorry.
What's up, you piece of shit?
Hey, dookie lord.
Thanks for being the best paleontologist,
dungeon master, and boyfriend ever.
The brothers and I say, great job, Nick.
Keep up the good work, CRJ.
Also, just a nice Carly Rae Jepsen nod in there
to let Carly know that she's doing a good job.
I love that.
Yeah, I would like it, actually, I would prefer it
if all our messages from now on would be like,
hey, Susan, congratulations on graduating.
You're the best friend that I could ever ask for.
I'll never forget that day we spent
in the big hot air balloon ride.
And Carly, the album is great.
Can't wait for the new one to drop.
Cuts the Feeling is the fucking jam of the summer,
and we're all so grateful for it.
And if it is a taste of things to come in your next LP,
I couldn't be more excited.
Please keep following this exciting direction
for music that is completely redefining the face of pop.
And also, whoever you were at the beginning,
again, congratulations on graduating.
But really, mostly, Carly, thank you for changing me.
You are just the queen of jumbotrons.
Hey, MaxFun fans.
It's me, Jesse, the owner of MaxFun.
I've got a question for you.
Will you help us make our shows better?
We wanted to find a way to find out
what the MaxFun community thinks about our shows.
So we started something called the MaxFun Listener Panel.
Basically, you subscribe to a podcast feed,
and twice a month or so, roughly speaking,
we'll send you an episode of a show
and instructions on how to fill out a quick survey
about what you think about that show.
10 questions, nothing too crazy.
You'll be hearing existing shows
that we're thinking about making changes to,
secret pilots of shows that we're developing
that you'll only hear this way,
shows we're considering adding to the network,
and what you think about them really matters to us.
So to join the panel is easy.
Just go to maximumfun.org slash listener panel.
That's maximumfun.org slash listener panel.
Thanks for helping make MaxFun better.
I have a Yahoo here, and this one is from Seth Carlson.
What do you all think about the delivery man?
Oh, because he's delivering.
I like that because then like one in every thousand times,
he does deliver it to the wrong address,
which I think is still a pretty good hit rate,
all things considered, for sure.
Hey, everybody, this is Radio Lab.
We got a Yahoo.
I don't get it.
Anyway, thank you.
I have to read it.
Thank you, Seth.
It's Yahoo Answers user eatbabyseals.
Damn it.
Damn it.
Damn it.
Says, what's your trademark?
What's your trademark?
What's your trademark?
What's your trademark?
What's your trademark?
No.
What's your trademark?
I thought about this, and it was like,
in high school, there's a kid who did tricks.
He did magic tricks at the table during lunch.
He would always come around and he would do magic tricks.
And he was also, he was very wealthy also.
And so he had a couple trademarks.
I thought it might be fun to just like,
oh, that's Griffin.
He's always got a mint.
He's always got a mint, and he's handing them out if you need them.
One time at church camp, different year than the Andy Mack year,
I always had sunglasses on.
And that could have been like my thing.
This is going to sound like I'm making this up
after talking about Andy Mack,
but I'd wanted people to call me shades,
but I had a youth pastor who was like,
you can't, that'll just happen if it happens.
Andy Mack, I could sneak in a little bit.
Was it Jim?
Jim Moosey?
No, it was a different.
It was out of state.
What's your trademark?
His youth pastor in Canada, you wouldn't know him.
That's Griffin.
He's always got sunglasses on.
He always has a mint.
And so if you're at a party and you have this,
if you have the hot breath,
just look for the guy with sunglasses
because that's his trademark and ask him for a mint
because that's his second trademark.
I love that.
I would like to be Travis,
the guy who always knows where the food trucks have stopped.
I don't know how often that would come up,
but like when it did.
And it's gonna be too difficult.
It's gonna be tough for you to track that.
It's an unrealistic trademark.
I can always have mints.
I can make sure I've always got mints.
I eat a lot of Tic Tacs in my car,
but they're not the mint flavor.
I almost always have like either orange
or the assorted fruit flavored Tic Tacs
and I always have them in one of my cup holders
so I can have myself a little snack
when I have to go and run a chore.
That's kind of a trademark,
but then nobody gets to experience those with me
because nobody ever gets in my car except for baby
and he can't have Tic Tacs, he'd just swallow them.
What's your trademark, Justin and Travis?
I had wanted for a long time for it to be yo-yo.
I wanted to be sort of yo-yo Jay,
the guy who was so good at yo-yo tricks.
And it just, here's the thing about a worthwhile trademark,
like a worthwhile trademark is it really does take,
you gotta put the work in.
You have to put the effort into getting,
because another trademark you could have
is Justin McElroy,
the guy that always publicly fucks up yo-yo tricks.
And that would be a less desirable trademark,
but it would be an effective and I would say pervasive one
that would be pretty pernicious.
It would be tough to shake that one.
My personal trademark,
and I've only just begun implementing this,
is Travis McElroy,
the guy who's a time traveler from the future
stuck in the past trying to get home.
Yeah, because what's great about it is
unlike Justin's yo-yo fantasies,
it actually takes very little work
because I can say anything about the future
with very little research and no one's gonna be like,
that's not what it's like in the future.
And it also makes me interesting
because people really wanna know about the future.
And here's the other thing,
and I know what you're thinking,
but Travis, people already know you.
Yes, of course.
That's why my mythos is my consciousness
traveled back from the future
and inhabited my current present day body.
And I can't figure out how to get my Travis McElroy
consciousness back to the year 2087,
the day I was dying.
Sounds like a lot of work, that trademark.
I could just have a couple of tens of Altoids
on me at all time and that's a trademark,
but yours requires you to pretend to know things from 2087.
But Griffin, how far are your Altoids gonna take you?
It's like, oh, can I have an Altoid?
You can, end of interesting exchange.
But if I talk about like-
Well, then I show them my other trademarks.
I put on my, well, I don't put on the sunglasses.
I've had them on the entire party.
You're starting to sound like a trademark troll
where you just get really broad trademarks.
Oh, let me keep going.
Okay.
I then ask them if they have any weed.
That's my other trademark.
The problem with having a-
And then I jump really high.
It's another trademark of mine is how high I can jump
and people love it.
One issue with having a,
let's say contextually popular podcast
is that it's so hard to try to establish a trademark
for yourself in high school
when I was really thinking about trademarks a lot.
And now sometimes parts of my life just become trademarks
and I don't necessarily need or want or desire.
Like you talk about beans and then on Twitter,
to everybody on Twitter, you become Bean Boy.
And really that's my life I'm living.
I'm living the bean life like day to day
and it's not necessarily something that I want to define
me as a person.
I don't need an additional trademark on those lines.
Please join me in my banana vore corner
and we can hang out here and have a little party together.
I just didn't mean for that to be my bram.
I guess is what I'm worried about.
Well, we don't get to make this call, my boy.
You talk about beans or sexual swallowing
or you eat a banana funny once and it goes viral.
And then that's who you are to folks.
But I've got fucking layers, man.
I've always got fucking mints on me,
but nobody calls me the mint man.
Nobody ever asked me for a mint.
They always want to talk to me about bananas or vore.
They edited out the part of the banana video
where right after Griffin's like,
anybody got a mint?
Just kidding.
I always have them.
I always have them.
I could be Travis McElroy,
the guy who zones out during recording the podcast
because he's scrolling through Facebook
and gets distracted by pictures of Chris Evans.
What do you think?
I am a cashier at a farmer's market in Michigan.
We sell a huge variety of stuff, including fresh shrimp.
Today, a toddler walked by our shrimp cooler and started-
You have to read it, read it, read it, read it.
I can't.
That's the problem with reading a few words ahead
is that sometimes I can mess myself up
while I'm trying to read it good.
We sell a huge variety of stuff, including fresh shrimp.
Today, a toddler walked by our shrimp cooler
and started chanting, shrimp, heaven, now.
Emphasis on the now,
eventually leading his mother to say,
please, please, Daniel, we can't keep doing this.
What is shrimp heaven?
Why does Daniel need it now?
What are my responsibilities in this situation?
If any, I'm confused and delighted
by the slogan eating child.
But I fear something darker may lay under the surface
that's from shrimp Jesus will return.
All right, let's take a-
Shrimp heaven now.
Let's all take a minute and collect ourselves
and appreciate how good this child is
and how good this situation is.
All right.
There's just no reality in which,
like, talk about trademarking.
This kid went for a narrow line on it,
but I do celebrate it.
That is a great trademark.
Shrimp heaven now.
Okay, I'm back.
I like the idea of like, he's trying to say,
like, let me get all up in shrimp heaven right now.
That's what it's gotta be, right?
This is not a religious child.
I have to imagine.
Here's the thing.
What I would like to believe is that this kid
is just crazy for shrimp.
Just loves those prawny bastards.
Wild for this stuff.
So much so that it has led his parents
to say things like, please, Daniel,
we can't keep doing this
because this child's shrimp hunger
is driving them out of house and home.
It's an expensive protein.
It's a lot of work to prepare one.
Fresh shrimp, not precooked, not boiled shrimp.
Just fresh shrimp.
And it's all Daniel's.
And they got those dookie veins in them still
and that takes a while to get those out of there.
No, Daniel loves it all.
They go to remove the mud vein
and Daniel's like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
God doesn't make any mistakes.
That's part of the shrimp, Monferric.
Why don't you leave that in there for Daniel?
Let Daniel handle that for you.
Shrimp heaven now.
Do you think this kid burned down a red lobster?
Definitely, definitely.
Or did something in a red lobster
that required it to be burned down?
And now he has to facilitate the shepherding
of these shrimp souls to heaven.
That's possible too.
To free himself from his own burden.
To get the shrimp up to heaven by eating them.
How, if you saw that exchange,
how do you not just leave your job?
How do you not just stand up, walk out,
and follow these people and be like,
listen, I have to get to the end of this story.
I have to hear the rest of shrimp heaven now.
What is Daniel doing?
I've made six episodes of a television show.
Now on vrv.co, go check it out.
I've made six episodes of television show
and I don't think I'm like,
you know, especially tuned in
to what Hollywood wants or needs.
But I'm pretty sure I could make a television show
about your child, about shrimp.
And the name of the show would be called Shrimp Heaven Now.
And I guess it'd be a shrimp review television.
We'll figure that out later.
But we got the title, we got the heat.
Get Kristen Bell in there.
And that plus Shrimp Heaven Now equals Emmy success.
All the Emmys and some Golden Globes to boot.
We haven't had a My Brother, My Brother, Me t-shirt
available on Tipotico for quite a while.
And I feel like maybe this is the one.
I feel like this is a new era for this show.
And I feel like a t-shirt that just says Shrimp Heaven Now
would be extremely, extremely powerful.
Do you remember those that?
Do you remember the like Peace Loving Crabs t-shirt?
I think it was Joe's Crab Shack, right?
What if we just had a shirt that was like a shrimp,
an angel and a clock?
And it's like, everyone knows.
The other way we do it is just the black t-shirt
with the white words all on the same like paragraph break.
That's, you know, and it's like shrimp and heaven and now.
Or we could also do Keep Calm and Shrimp Heaven Now.
That one's really good also.
I think we have a lot of opportunity here
for Shrimp Heaven Now.
And I think we may have found a trademark
that I will take from this child.
We could have one that say Big Dog Shrimp Heaven Now.
That one's got no fear for Shrimp Heaven Now.
Hyper color sort of.
Hyper color shrimp, yeah.
Maybe a lizard with sunglasses, an old lizard.
I can't believe how good this is.
It's renewing my entire faith in humanity.
Shrimp Heaven Now, but Shrimp Heaven Now by itself
is very good.
I mean, we can all agree that Shrimp Heaven Now
is excellent and beautiful,
but the fact that we can't keep doing it with Daniel
is what really brings it over the limit
because that could have been a one-off.
You know, kids say the darkest things
is one thing that I have made up.
And, you know, he could have just spouted
whatever came to his head.
No, this is a recurring theme for Daniel.
It's Shrimp Heaven Now.
I think that there's a lesson in that, though.
I obviously love Shrimp Heaven Now.
No three words have ever been more perfectly suited
for each other, but there's a limit.
There's a limit to it before it could be exhausted,
as is evidenced by the fact that,
hey, everybody, Shrimp Heaven Now,
it's losing something, isn't it?
I almost feel like, let's call the episode, I feel like,
because we're going to keep saying Shrimp Heaven Now
and I don't want to rob it of its power.
Let's go five or six episodes
and then really drop a Shrimp Heaven Now in
and then it'll be like a fun, fun callback.
To that point, I think we do need to qualify the t-shirt.
So in big bold letters, Shrimp Heaven Now,
and then in a smaller subtitle,
we can't keep doing this,
but just like acknowledges like,
we know that this is like,
this is a brief moment in time of viral t-shirt marketing
of shrimp heavy advertising.
I was thinking it would be the title of this episode, right?
Shrimp Heaven Now.
It's a good episode title.
Please don't tweet at us and each other,
Shrimp Heaven Now.
I'm going to do a Twitter search tomorrow
for Shrimp Heaven Now and any results I get,
I'm going to be very disappointed.
We got to protect this.
We got to protect this.
Yes, well, I'm tired of us burning through things
so quickly.
We have to sort of hoard this resource
of Shrimp Heaven Now being funny.
Let's do a slow burn, like I Love Bees kind of slow burn
and like, you can tweet Shrimp Heaven Win
with a question mark for like the next two months, right?
You can tweet that whenever you want.
Or, here's what I want.
I want everybody to just tweet either Shrimp or Heaven or Now,
just one word, but not the whole thing.
And then people can put it together.
And you can make it private.
Like if you want to use ShrimpHeavenNow.com
to access our podcast,
you definitely can do that.
That's an option that's available to you for sure.
But like, you don't need to go run in your mouth about it.
But when that t-shirt does become available
and like, I'm on it, like we're doing it,
you can get it at that URL.
So if you're listening to this in the past or the future,
Travis, what is it?
Well, Justin, it's hard for me to say
without giving away too much information
that could damage the time stream.
Okay, that's a really good trademark actually.
Because there's fear, there's a fear in it.
I love that.
That's going to do it for us folks on My Brother, My Brother, Me.
We alluded to this earlier.
Well, we didn't allude so much
as give you a fucking URL to visit.
We said it eight times before.
Our show got sold by CISO.
Rest in peace, CISO.
Shutting down this year.
According to reports,
we don't have any insider information there.
But the point is,
our show can now be found at vrv.co forward slash mbmbam.
Now here's the cool stuff.
Now make sure you don't go to vrv.com.
That's not going to get you anything.
But vrv.co slash mbmbam is going to give you our show for free.
It's ad supported.
There'll be ads, but you can just watch the show.
And not just the show,
you can watch all the bonus materials.
There's one that's like one of my favorite things that we shot
where we're all bugging the mayor about Candle Nights
that didn't make it to the show.
Shit, that's a good, yeah.
But it's really, I love that.
I want to point out it's just in America right now.
The US.
The places where it was available on iTunes, it's still there.
But it's not on Verve anywhere else.
And I hope that that changes.
But as we've said so many times before,
that is not a decision that we make at all.
In any way, shape, or form.
Yeah.
But I also want to say,
this upcoming JoCo Cruise,
my wife and I will be there.
We'll be doing some Shmander stuff.
And probably classes and appearing on other people's things.
And there's still a few cabins available.
So if you'd like to join us, go to JoCoCruise.com
and check that out.
And I also do want to say, as Griffin mentioned,
we will be putting out the ultimate,
the final episode of the Adventure Zone balance arc.
Adventure Zone will be continuing.
Don't get it twisted.
This is just the ending of this storyline.
And if you have never listened before,
it's maybe one of the top five things
I'm most proud of in my entire life.
Especially, I would say,
due in large part to the work that Griffin does.
He's an amazing DM and writer.
And so if you've never checked it out,
you have four days that you could just like-
Please don't just listen to the finale.
You will not enjoy it, I don't think at all.
But start at the beginning, listen straight through.
And it'll be there even if you're not ready by Thursday.
That's how podcasts work, Travis.
It's now informing you how on-demand content functions.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for these four theme songs.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a really, really, really good album,
as are all the Long Winters albums.
You should go listen to all of them.
And speaking of going and listening to things,
go listen to all the other amazing shows on MaximumFun.org.
There's a ton on there that fit a bunch of different genres
and styles and tastes and interests.
You're going to find something you like,
but probably a bunch of stuff you like.
So go check it out, MaximumFun.org.
Here's a final, sent in by the delivery man,
Seth Carlson, thank you.
It's Yahoo Answers user Matt asks.
And I'm going to read the whole thing
because the additional details are fucking great.
Will there be a Zootopia 2?
In the first film, they only had mammals,
not birds, reptiles, or bugs, not even tapirs.
I love tapirs and would love to see one or two in a sequel.
I admire the tapirs in the Ice Age films.
Oh, my name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad, square on the lips.
The three of you went to a cave of a big red dragon
and is standing over a hoard of precious golden rubies.
And he says, what do you do, adventurers?
I'm a dragon man.
I cast fire on him.
It's very good.
I address the red dragon and say,
us, we're the hosts of The Adventure Zone,
a podcast about family playing Dungeons and Dragons.
Very good synergy.
Commit to the bit.
I roll to charm new listeners.
It is very effective against all odds.
Everybody, we're the McElroys.
We host The Adventure Zone,
it's a podcast where we play Dungeons and Dragons together.
It's a comedy podcast.
We don't take the rules too seriously
because there's a lot of them
and we did not take the time to learn them.
Maybe listen to us.
We come out every other Thursday on the Maximum Fun Network.
You can find us on iTunes or on MaximumFun.org.
I think this promo is a critical hit.
