The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era. I'm your
oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. I'm your sweet baby
brother, 30 under 30 Griffin McElroy. Now, Travis, I'm looking at the show notes that you submitted
for potential items of discussion for the opening of the show, and it says here,
you like a Taka Dino? I would like a Taka Dino, Justin. Hey Griffin, you like a Taka Dino?
I like a Taka Dino. It let's Taka Dino. I'll Taka Dino one second, Travis. I'd like to Taka Dino
with you. Ah, yes, thank you. Let me Taka Dino for just a second. I watched, finally saw that new
Jurassic Park 2. The second one that did come out like this year and is kind of relevant.
Yeah, Jurassic Park 2 slash 5, depending on how you're counting them. And let me tell you
something, they're added again. Yeah. I need to know how, listen, I have respect for all
of the creatures of Earth. I think that, and there's an undercurrent in the Jurassic Park films
of these are animals and they should be respected. I would argue that they were created because of
man's meddling. They are the children of men and we may deal with them as we wish. They are the
products of our hubris. God has nothing to do with them. They are our products. So why, at the
beginning of Jurassic Park, I guess five? Why is the first scene not President Barack Obama 2,
Jr., Barack Obama's son, because it's in the distant future. Why is the first thing that
happens not the president saying, kill all these fucking dinosaurs. Hey, everybody, kill every
dinosaur. We're not doing it anymore. Everybody kill all the dinosaurs. You can't have them.
How are we so good at extincting tens of thousands of species every year, but we can't wipe out
these fucking dinosaurs. I would like to remind everyone that we live in- Guys, I'm sorry,
just the doorbell rang, sorry. Oh, guys, John Hammond. He's come to claim. He heard us talking.
I spared no expense in doxxing you, Griffin. It's a bag of dog poop. I left it upon your stoop.
I gave you a flaming dog poopy bag. That's T-Rex poop. I heard you talk a dino.
You should talk a nicer dino, Griffin. Did you ever have a flea circus?
I've had six. Spared no expense. Griffin's still gone, eh? He's been crystallized in amber.
Okay, I will talk about this because Griffin's not here, so I get to talk about it.
Okay. John Hammond says the first attraction he made when he came to America from Scotland
was a flea circus, right? Can you imagine how bored you have to be to see an old man playing
with a tiny circus and be like, I would love to pay some money to watch this old man play with
this tiny pretend circus. He's just on a corner? Like, what is he doing? All right, I'm back.
He's back. We're talking about John Hammond's flea circus.
John Hammond's flea circus, Griffin.
Wait, were you guys doing the podcast without me?
We were, just a little bit.
What the fuck?
There was definitely lacking something, so I'm so glad you're here. John Hammond said he came over
from Scotland. The first attraction that he had was a flea circus.
Right.
So here's what I'm trying to figure out. Did you just walk up on a corner and see all John Hammond
playing with a pretend circus on a corner and he's like, wait, if you're gonna keep watching
me play with this pretend tiny circus, you're gonna have to give me a quarter.
Right.
Because this is business.
And that happened eight billion times until he had four billion dollars.
And then a wealthy investor with a monocle did come up and say like,
this would be cool. Have you thought about doing it with dino sours?
This is the thing that really floored me watching JWFK, is that me, Travis Vagra,
I live in a world in which once we cloned a sheep and people talked about that motherfucker
for like 10 years. And in JWFK, everyone has acclimated to the fact that there are now
dinosaurs super quickly. Everyone's just like, yeah, I get it.
I'm over dinosaurs. But like, yeah, me too. Doesn't that parallel us as the audience?
When Stevie Spielberg first unloaded his boat full of beautiful robot dinosaurs,
we all lined up at the shore to wave our hankies at them. These conquering heroes.
Give us your thunder lizards, Stevie. They look so real. And now Stevie's back for a
fifth time with a fifth boat that has Chris Pratt as the captain of it.
And we're like, is Deadpool on there somewhere?
We need him.
Because if not, we need a different boat. You're gonna need a bigger boat with even
an angrier dinosaur on it.
To the point where, here's how bored everyone is with dinosaurs.
And I mean the audience. That Jurassic World has to make up new dinosaurs.
They gotta keep getting more visceral. We're so bored of these fucking dinosaurs.
They gotta, the next one, they gotta get like,
they have to have abs and dicks and stuff to like-
Listen, these dinos fuck. There's one thing we can all agree on.
They can get it. And they do. The last thing was that they're bored of dinosaurs so they
make a bigger, angrier dinosaur that can kill more people.
And you're telling me they do that again?
Yes.
You know what fucking stinks? That park looked dope.
They had roller coasters and fun attractions that didn't have
shit to do with these killer, awful monsters that I'm so bored of.
Get some abs and dicks and butts and, you know, expose-
You know what I mean? Something to really catch the eye.
But there were fun roller coasters for thrill seekers like me
who don't want to be eaten by big dinosaurs.
You could clone Abraham Lincoln and have him at your park.
I think that'd be pretty cool too.
Like-
Okay, wait. Stop.
You understand that you would need to get a sample of Abraham Lincoln's blood, right?
Yes.
Is that really harder than getting a dinosaur's Justin?
Because Abraham Lincoln was around more recently.
I bet you could find a mosquito that ate on Abraham Lincoln
and then got frozen in some carbonite or whatever.
Find a bayonet down Gettysburg that has a bit of president blood on it.
From his great fight he did at Gettysburg,
we led the troops and stabbed like nine dudes.
Definitely got stabbed in return.
Find that one. We got ourselves an Abe Bruin.
Or what if just a random dude?
Like, I'm sorry. I think that would be enough of an attraction if you're just like,
this is, you know, Sam and this is Sam B and this is Sam C
and like we just cloned Sam over and over again
and you can come to Samrassic Park and see like it's all Sams everywhere.
You know what'd be dope is if instead of tightening up the security protocols of the Jurassic Park,
if they just got a little clone DNA sample from every visitor who came in.
And then if you get all led up by a Stegosaur,
then it's fine because your heart will go on in this new clone.
You're taking this to full Black Mirror territory and I love it.
I think what you should do is say like,
I am going to get killed at Jurassic Park,
so let me go ahead and get this clone a-cooking.
Okay, so I have my clone done and then I'm just gonna go in here
and run through the dinos at the time of my life,
meet Jeff, meet Sam, the whole gang.
It's got Laura Dern. I'm gonna meet all of them.
Then I will get killed by a dinosaur.
But I know my children will have a papa tomorrow because of the clone.
And it's like the prestige.
You never know whether you're gonna be the new clone Griffin
or the one inside the dinos, you know, tummy.
Yeah.
You never know which one you're gonna be.
I'm just saying, hey, let us write the next Jurassic World movie, please.
Like, I think that that would be way more fun of like,
we cross this dinosaur and a chair.
Like, okay, all right, I can sit on that T-Rex.
Okay, like, that's interesting to me. Make them smaller.
I've talked about this before.
This is a pet project of mine of people being like,
they want bigger, scarier dinosaurs.
Like, no, no, no.
I want a small T-Rex, like in Pee Wee's Playhouse.
What they need to do is cross them with some animals
that are a lot more spin kickable.
Yeah.
So cross them with the flamingo.
Huge, stupid neck, long, dumb legs, pink.
Like, you could just spin kick.
So pink.
So many kickable zones on a mingo, man.
Or just give me like a T-Rex cross with a penguin
where it kind of waddles a little bit
and is literally like football sized.
Can we?
I love animals and I would fight to protect them.
And I do every day.
But if you had to spin kick a flamingo,
what would be the most viscerally satisfying zone?
I actually would love to get it right in the middle
so that as I kicked it, it kind of veed to the side.
It would wrap around your foot.
It would wrap all the way around your foot.
So that like the feet and the head
would kind of trail behind it.
Like you were throwing like a Nerf football
that had a tail on it.
Like, that's what I want.
I would like to kick it in its head,
but then it moves its head the last second
and I miss and I fall to the ground.
Then I punch it in its nuts.
So wait, you want to try to kick it, miss it.
Maybe it laughs a little bit at you.
It's like, yeah, because I want that like,
I want to feel better about it.
You know, he's like a real jerk.
You want a redemption story.
Yes, exactly.
You know how the boy who can fly
when Fred Savage shoots that squirt gun
full of piss at the bully and the bully says-
Sorry?
Just this one scene.
I need that redemption, bully redemption moment.
I need that Falkor soaring over the flamingo
and peeing on everything as I punch him in the nuts.
Was it his piss?
It was Fred Savage's piss, bro.
I can't, Griffin, both options are the worst.
Well, you're right.
If it was the bully's piss,
it would be probably better for the bully,
but how'd he get it?
It's dinosaur piss.
That's how it all comes back around.
It could go like full psychological terror.
Like this is the piss that I wrung out of your sheets
when you went to bed last night
because I screamed in the middle of the night
and I know you pee yourself anyway.
Hey, we've had like, I don't know,
seven or eight Jurassic Park movies-
Let Fred Savage play Batman!
Let Fred Savage play Batman.
How have we gone seven Jurassic Park movies or whatever
and there's never once been a scene
of a dinosaur peeing on somebody?
Like, come on, it's right there.
Y'all, I'm not gonna be able to think about anything
but Fred Savage's piss gun.
And I was Googling it just to make sure Justin wasn't lying
or having a fever dream,
and I couldn't really find like hard, firm news
about Fred Savage's piss gun,
but I did find a quote on IMDB that says,
bad boy.
So you thought you could make it around the block?
Louis pulls out a water pistol.
Bad boy.
Oh, so now I'm supposed to be afraid of a water pistol?
Louis, there ain't no water in this gun.
Bad boy.
So what's in it?
Louis.
Piss.
Piss.
Now, there's also a scene in Little Monsters,
though I'm not mistaken,
where Harry Mandel and Fred Savage pee in a bully's coke.
Okay.
So everybody, if you could find this Fred Savage.
Pretty much any time.
Okay, here's your challenge.
Can everyone just find all the scenes of urine assault
that Fred Savage has perpetrated in cinema history
and just tweet them out to us?
No, I'm not making calls like this again
because the birthday one got really annoying really quickly
and I regretted doing it.
So I'm not doing this again, but like-
Maybe a super cut?
Maybe a super cut of all the times that Fred Savage-
Has weaponized urine.
Yeah.
If you just search Fred Savage piss on YouTube,
it's the very first result.
And then lean back and maybe close one eye
and just be careful.
There's probably a joke about the wizard,
but not on this show.
There won't be.
No, not here.
We don't work blue.
Can we do the show?
It's been so long.
Well, can we just watch this scene?
Because everybody in the audience is going to do it.
So I want to give them a time period where-
It's 25 seconds.
So if we could just watch this one scene
from The Boy Who Could Fly real quick,
starting now.
So you thought you could get around the block.
Go ahead and make my day.
Oh, I'm supposed to be real scared of a water pistol.
There ain't no water on this gun.
So, what's in it?
Piss.
Oh, shit!
He gets him in the face.
Classic.
This is culturally important.
He gets him in the open mouth.
He really blasts off.
It's fucking good.
And you know what the best fucking thing
in this entire clip-
Hey, Griffin, please put the audio for this clip
into the show.
Griffin is with the audience.
The best fucking thing though,
you do have to go watch it
because the last thing that happens-
Fred Savage, I should mention,
is like eight and on a big wheel.
The last thing that happens,
he sprays this bully with piss.
The bully falls on his own baseball bat and trips.
And then Fred Savage chucks his gun
into a neighbor's yard.
Ditching the evidence.
Like he's just done a-
Like the police are gonna-
Yeah.
Execution.
It's amazing.
It's wild.
Holy crap.
The boy who could fly.
And that's not-
Here's the thing.
That's not what this movie is about.
No, for me.
You would think it would be just about
building up to this exact moment
when Fred Savage blasted this bully with pee.
Pee, so this is an invite show
and we're gonna get right down to it.
My office has an annual Thanksgiving potluck.
People take this very seriously.
Years ago, someone brought a half store bought pie
that person was soon after fired.
I'm sure there were other contributing factors.
There didn't need to be.
That's a joke.
Yeah, people still bring him
and his half a pie up in regular conversation.
But here's the other important fact.
I don't really want to put a lot of work into this.
What should I bring that will be good enough
to not get fired and also require minimum effort?
You are playing with fire, Jason.
Yeah, it's a tricky one, right?
Thanksgiving is.
Cause I know there's a lot of people
who maybe don't like cooking.
And so maybe you just do want to swing by the,
you know, Kroger get some pecan cups or something.
And I think that's fine.
I think that's okay.
But the whole thing is like,
I worked on this for you to eat it.
And that's, I don't know.
That's what makes it such a nice gesture, you know?
But here's the thing about it, Jason is like,
I wish, listen, I know that the jobs
that Justin Griffin and I have now
are very non-conventional,
but there were some times
where I worked some fairly conventional jobs
and I wish that there had been opportunities
of like this one day, you know exactly what metric
you're being judged by.
And if you just deliver like a banger of a dessert,
you might get a promotion.
Like, cause it's gotta work both ways, right?
Like that's a shitty, you brought,
I'm sorry, person in the past,
we got fired for this.
You brought half a pie?
So like the other half had already been eaten.
You deserve to be fired.
But you bring like a banger dessert
and it's like, you get the Johnson account.
It ain't gonna be a dessert.
It's gotta be the whole Turk, doesn't it?
It's gotta be the showstopper Turk of the century
if you wanna get the boss's job, I think.
Here's what I would recommend.
I have made a lot of different dishes
for a lot of different purposes
and I'm not gonna get into the ins and outs of baking.
Here's my fucking slam dunk, easy,
everyone will love you recipe.
Here's what you do.
You go pop a couple of bags of popcorn,
you buy like chocolate bark,
it's over in the baking section,
like chocolate bark that you melt in the microwave,
literally melt in the microwave
and then you buy a bunch of candy canes
that you crush up into dust.
You pop the popcorn, you put it on a sheet,
cover it in the chocolate,
turn in the chocolate, stir the chocolate,
then stir the crushed up candy cane into it,
lay it out on a sheet, let it cool and harden.
People will be crazy for it.
It's the easiest shit in the world to make
and people will lose it.
They will lose it.
And you'll be a grand slam person
that didn't put hardly any work into this at all.
Turkey's easy too, though.
Turkey's so easy, you just gotta wait.
You know, salt it, pepper it and get it hot.
I don't see why people always complain
and have a special hotline.
You just put it in the oven,
which makes things hotter once they're in there.
Get the bird hot enough, the flesh turns good.
I don't see why everybody freaks out about this shit.
That's pretty clear, Griffin.
Here's the problem, Jason,
you've asked us this question
but you didn't give us what kind of budget
you're working with.
Yeah, a lot of stuff.
You could maybe get a Wolfgang Puck-esque figure
to make individualized turkeys
for each person you work with.
You don't have to do it.
Wolfgang's banking them
and every turkey reminds them
of their favorite childhood memory or whatever.
And then now you own the company.
He definitely has a rat in his hat
telling him how to do shit, though, huh?
Wolfgang Puck, definitely.
He's probably got, oh, wouldn't it be funny
if he actually had nine wolves
telling him how to cook in the kitchen
and that's how he got his name?
And maybe one Shakespearean fairy.
You could tell your boss
that you will bite the bullet,
you'll make the turkey for everybody.
You'll be in charge of turkey to bring in
but listen, you're gonna have to stay home
and babysit this bird.
You gotta babysit the bird
because you never know when it's gonna be done.
Yeah.
So you gotta stay home from work.
Come in at lunch
because you got a turkey baking at home.
So this is like you get the day off
but you do have to bring in a turkey
and there is that stress
of being sort of the centerpiece.
And then you be the centerpiece
and let them eat the turkey off of your body.
That's what's good is you don't even have
to cook the turkey.
You come in with it on your head like in Friends.
I wanna tell everybody a fun,
a quick sidebar, cooking sidebar.
I feel like this is gonna be this sort of episode
with a lot of sidebars and fun blind alleys.
It was my in-laws 40th anniversary this weekend
and they went up to Lexington
at the, I believe you've been there,
or sorry, Louisville at the,
I believe you've been to the Brown Hotel, Travis?
I have, yes.
Okay.
That's the name of it.
It's not like I can't remember the name
and I'm just telling you the color.
It's the Brown Hotel.
And they decided to stay in the last night they were there,
just enjoy each other's company
and get a nice pizza delivered by Grubhub.
So they ordered this pizza from Grubhub
and when it shows up,
they finally, they understand,
they come to realize instantaneously
that they have ordered,
that my father-in-law, Tommy,
has ordered a pizza from a take and bake pizza place.
Oh, goodness.
So you tell them what ingredients you want
and then you come there and pick it up
and then you bake it at your house,
which I guess is a restaurant concept
that I was not aware of,
but at no point during this exchange of ideas
did anyone say, like, this is not going to work.
You're not going to be able to bake this pizza
in your hotel room.
It just isn't going to happen.
And I asked my father-in-law,
because I know him very well,
well, you didn't throw it away, did you?
And he said, no, I didn't.
We had brought a beer cooler with us
and I put it down sort of sideways into the corner
and kind of put ice down at the bottom of it
and kind of left it standing up inside the cooler
buried in this ice.
But then I went to check on it the next morning
and it had just collapsed.
But good news, I invented pizza water,
which is great.
So I threw it into the trash.
Can you imagine being the maid cleaning this room?
What the fuck were you all doing?
What kind of wild party happened in here?
What was your strat?
Did you make the pizza
and then decided the last minute?
No.
It's wrapped in plastic.
Oh, man, that's good.
Hey, how about a Yahoo?
Yes.
This one was sent in by lots of people.
Thank you, everybody.
It's asked by Yahoo Answers user.
They're anonymous, so I'll call them.
Boris asks, can you be naked in a laundromat?
Can you wash the clothes you have on
and be naked in a laundromat while they're washing?
Have you guys ever cooked laundry,
cooked laundry in a laundromat?
I've cooked some laundry,
both in college and post-college.
Living in LA, I've used several laundromats.
I understand why you can't just be fully nude
in public most of the time.
I mean, I can't,
but I understand why folks get up in arms about it.
But in a laundromat, it does feel...
It doesn't feel fair, does it?
It's like if you did go to a pizza hut,
but they stopped you from eating
the last slice of pizza every time.
Do you know what I mean?
I need to cook all my laundry,
except for this one last little bit.
You will never know the experience
of having all your clothes clean at the same time.
It does kind of feel like when you get to the laundromat,
they should like hand you a robe
and invite you into a changing room.
They should provide that for you.
I get you don't want me nude with my business out,
so give me an alternative.
You know what I mean?
Give me an airlock that I can walk through,
change into the robe,
and then walk through the rest
that I'm in the laundromat in my robe.
Or just somebody's old cruddy dungarees
that they left behind.
Or like a cycle?
We cycle through the clothes.
Well, kinda.
I was thinking of one communal pair of dungarees,
and we don't have to cover the top, just the bottom,
because that's where the worst stuff lives.
And so we can just have one crusty old pair of dungarees
that you can use as needed.
And they can be pretty big,
and you just cinch them up.
Could you have a place
that is a combination laundromat spray tan place?
So you go, you want to get that sun-kissed look
here in early November.
You go in, you throw your clothes in the wash,
and then they give you that great look.
But here's the one thing about it,
is that it needs to do a place that does it all,
or else it's not gonna be complete.
The process will not be complete.
So it needs to advertise itself as like,
yes, we do the butt, too.
Oh, okay.
Your butt will be tan.
I guess if they could get a pink diaper.
Justin, there is no way on earth
that that doesn't already exist.
You think?
Yeah, like a spray tan slash laundromat.
It just seems to me like not that wild of an idea.
It has to exist somewhere.
Now let me hit you with this.
A spray tan laundromat
where you put your body in the washing machine
and they spray tan all your clothes.
Okay.
Just to give them a little sun-kissed color
as we move into the long, long winter months.
Or what if it's like a combination laundromat spray tan
where you walk in in your clothes,
they spray tan you, you're still wearing your clothes,
and then you take a step forward
and then they wash your clothes
while you're wearing them like a car wash.
Okay.
So you're getting the spray tan
and then they wash the spray tan off your clothes.
How about a combination laundromat spray tan Taco Bell?
Okay.
Okay, so then you eat the Taco Bell,
you shit your pants, you throw it right into the wash.
And I mean, you drop all their messy,
nasty lettuce all over yourself
and it's got sauces you wouldn't even believe of
that paint the front of your shirt,
just a beautiful spectrum of hot colors.
And then you're gonna have to wash those off
while you get a sweet sun-kissed look.
And I think you can just knock out all your needs in one go.
What about a combination spray tan and laser tag place
where the laser tag guns shoot spray tan?
That's really good, Travis.
Wow, Travis, that's excellent.
Oh, also, you're nude.
It's important to note you are nude.
Bunch of nude adults running around with spray tan guns
and then when the match is over,
there's a judge who meticulously figures out
what percentage of your body has been spray tanned.
And that includes hair and eyeballs.
And they're gonna figure it out.
Always, they're very accurate with their measurements.
And it's called spray-zer tag.
Spray-zer tag is the best.
And then we're gonna get a Taco Bell
and a laundromat in there somewhere.
Well, yeah, you gotta get some celebratory tacos afterwards
and you're gonna have something to do with your clothes
while you're playing spray-zer tag.
So that's what you do.
You get there, you pop your clothes in the laundromat,
you all look around, you have a moment of discomfort
because you're all nude,
but then someone comes and hands you a squirt gun
and they say, oh, I'm seriously afraid of a squirt gun
and say, well, there's not water in there.
And they say, what is it?
And they say, it's spray tan.
And so then-
You say, goof-oo, I thought it was gonna be piss.
I was so worried you were gonna say piss.
And they say, not this time.
And then you kind of give them a weird look
and they chuckle and they say, I'm just kidding.
It's never piss.
And then you run through like different obstacles
and some of you are on one team
and some of you are on the other.
You shoot at each other
and then you get scrutinized at the end by a judge
who determines how much spray tan stuff ended up on you.
And then they say, you did great.
And you either get celebratory tacos
or like a taco consoling.
Yeah, consolation tacos.
And then, oh, also your clothes are clean.
Have a great day.
And then they put a punch under your punch card.
And if you get 10 of those, you get a free time.
Hey, speaking of the piss soldier, Fred Savage,
I still have his IMDB page open
and his bio on here is a trip, man.
It is wild.
It says the following.
At the age of 12, he was cast the lead role
of the series, The Wonder Years, 1988.
It became a good show
and on the pilot, he got his first kiss.
It became a good show.
This is the beginning.
Oh, okay.
I thought you just fell off your desk chair.
This is what The Wonder Years would sound like
if the singer was pushed down a well.
Anytime Joe Cocker is singing,
he is always about to fall out of his desk chair.
That's the secret too.
He's sitting on a yoga ball.
She can't get through the bathroom window.
Joe, be careful, my friend.
Can we go to the money zone?
We're already there.
This is an ad for Joe Cocker's bargain desk chair.
Sprazor tag.
Lightly used complete sprazor tag with Joe Cocker.
This lightly used desk chair.
This is an ad right here.
This is an ad for Ring.
I love Ring.
Ring is a little robot that is attached to your front door
and it looks like a doorbell and it is.
If someone walks up to your door,
they can press this thing
and you'll get a notification on your phone
so you can answer it from anywhere in the world.
They have service, of course,
and you can see what they want.
Hey, what's going on?
It's usually the FedEx person,
but sometimes it could be anybody.
I don't know who's at your door.
This is why you need Ring.
Let me tell you.
Purpose.
Here's the amazing thing about it, right?
Yeah, it gets the people who ring the bell,
but it also just,
if you are worried about packages
being taken off of your porch,
you get motion alerts
even if they don't ring the doorbell
or I actually just found out recently
that there's a neighborhood tab in the Ring app
where you can post or other people will post videos
of people doing shady stuff
and be like, hey, keep an eye out for this person.
Imagine a social network
that is strictly comprised of people in your neighborhood
capturing people being sneaky criminals.
It is worth the price of admission, I think,
and I think, you know what?
Surprisingly affordable price.
I think you should check it out.
We have a special offer on the Ring Starter Kit
available right now
with a video doorbell
and motion-activated floodlight cam.
The Starter Kit has everything you need
to start building a ring of security around your home.
Just go to ring.com slash my brother
to check this offer out.
That's ring.com slash my brother.
I would like to tell you something amazing.
I am very, very excited
because I have just received today
moments before sitting down to record
my first pair of me undies lounge pants.
That's what the doorbell was.
Are you telling me there's fucking lounge pants
in this bag I got?
Yes.
Yes, and here's the thing.
They look like flannel pajama pants,
but they're made out of me undies material.
That micromodal fabric,
which is three times softer than cotton.
And if you've never felt this fabric,
get ready to experience pure bliss in underwear form.
Like I am a little worried, honestly,
that if I wear this micromodal pants
with my micromodal me undies,
I will be so comfortable
that I will Alex Mack into a puddle.
I'm very excited about it.
But yeah, this holiday plaid I think is real cute.
And also for the Halloween holidays,
I had some like cool like jack-o'-lantern underpants.
I just got so many great underpants
and now shirts and like sweatshirt me undies
is they've got you covered.
Get it?
So go check it out if you haven't.
Maybe order some like presents for friends
and family and loved ones for the holidays.
And they have a great offer for our listeners.
For any first-time purchases,
when you purchase any me undies,
you get 15% off and free shipping.
Like 15% off a pair of these super soft undies
and free shipping, that's amazing.
And they have 100% satisfaction guarantee.
So go to meundies.com slash my brother.
That's meundies.com slash my brother.
I got Jumbotrons.
Jumbotrons for sale, $1 each for Justin and Travis.
What do you say?
Pony up.
I'll take it, but I'll have to owe you the dollar.
All right, so this one's for Sarah and it's from Sarah.
That's where they have the same name.
Just kidding, they're the same person.
Here it goes.
Sarah says to Sarah, surprise.
Is it?
Is it?
Well, Sarah bought this while like hopped up on Ambien.
All right, maybe.
Surprise!
It's random self-appreciation day.
Push the clock ahead an hour to put the kids in bed early tonight.
Pour yourself a glass of wine and dig out the Oreos
that you've been hiding in the Grape-Nuts box.
That's a clever ruse.
Ain't nobody gonna fucking look in there.
You work incredibly hard and you deserve this.
Great job.
P.S.
You just blew up your secret cookie spot.
Remember to find a new one.
Not gonna be as ironclad as Grape-Nuts.
Those things are awful.
Sarah, I love this full-blown grift you have planned on your kids
of like moving every clock in the house forward an hour
so that you can be like, oh, it's bedtime.
And the kids are like, the sun's out and I do not feel tired at all.
And you're like, well, it's eight.
And they're like, I guess you're right.
And they go to bed.
Can't argue with the clock.
Here's one that is sent in by Benji and it's from Shreds who says,
Ben, and then I have to wait because I scrolled up accidentally.
Ben, you are the kindest, most selfless person I've ever known
and I'm proud to be your best friend.
Thank you for baking such good pretzels and donuts
and always being there to watch Jeopardy with me
and being the best travel buddy imaginable.
You're the coolest astrophysicist and the best boyfriend ever.
Love you.
Did you boys know?
They have Jeopardy on Netflix and that's not a joke.
What?
Why? Why?
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, Griffin, why, bud?
Yeah, like, yeah.
Unless it's like only like the wildest, too hot for TV Jerry Springer episodes
of Jeopardy that they can't show in syndication
where like, you know, a dude wearing shorts gets excited and a nut comes out.
That one's got to live on dark Netflix.
Since the dawn of time, screenwriters have taken months to craft their stories.
But now three Hollywood professionals shall attempt the impossible.
Break a story in one hour.
That's right. Here on Story Break, I, Freddie Wong, Matt Arnold, and Will Campos,
the creators behind award-winning shows like Video Game High School,
have one hour to turn a humble idea into an awesome movie.
Now, an awesome movie starts with an awesome title.
I chose The Billionaire's Marriage Valley.
Mine was Christmas Pregnant Paradise.
Okay, next we need a protagonist.
So I've heard Wario best described as libertarian, Mark.
And of course, every great movie needs a stellar pitch.
In order to get to heaven, sometimes you got to raise a little hell.
That's the tagline!
Check out Story Break every week on MaximumFun.org or wherever you get your podcasts.
How about another question?
Absolutely. I am pregnant.
Several of my friends are pregnant as well and are due close to the same time as I am.
Our kids will be around each other enough
that having the same names will be annoying and confusing.
Do I announce my potential baby name to stake my claim,
or keep my mouth shut to avoid poaching?
That's from should I name it Bramble Pelt?
No one would steal that.
Yeah, this is not an issue, I feel like.
There's so many names, aren't there?
There's so many freaking names.
So many names these days.
I don't think it's going to be a big problem.
And I think that your friends would understand that if you're like,
I'm going with Dylan, and they're like, well, now I'm going with Dylan.
They're like, okay, well, we can all agree that that's not okay.
Like, that's, yeah.
Yeah, it just, but at the same time, if they had poached the name that,
like, I have friends who have babies around Henry's age.
If they had said, now we're going to do a Henry right before we announced our name,
that would be a big bummer, huh?
It would really take the wind out of my sails.
I, I, I, maybe you do need to stake your claim.
Now, Griffin, you've got me thinking, like, saying the name out loud is more important.
Yeah, or what you could do is you could do what, like, movie studios do
and come up with, like, a fake name that you, you know,
you send out all the film canisters listed as, like, oh, like Blue Harvest.
What?
Blue Harvest is a Star Wars empire, I think.
Oh, damn it.
That's what I was going to name my next kid, though, for real.
You're going to name your kid Blue Harvest?
Blue Harvest McElroy, middle name Jonathan.
Blue Harvest is the first name, all one word.
Here's what you do.
Pick a name that you love and you're excited about and say it's Davis.
It's a great, powerful name for a child.
It calls to mind Jim Davis and all his great jokes.
So you pick Davis and then your friend, you don't announce it,
but your friend says, proud to announce coming 2019,
the boy Davis, my boy, my boy Davis.
And you say, well, shoot, but you want to get revenge on him,
but you don't want to be so on the nose that you give him the same name and do a rhyme.
Ooh, like Travis.
Travis McElroy.
Oh, you know what you do?
You don't announce it, but, like, your friend's like,
I'm going to go with Davis and you reach in your back pocket and what's that?
It's an envelope that you mailed to yourself.
Got to.
Where you've written the name Davis inside and they're like, ah, damn it.
You could do an arm wrestle for it.
Arm wrestle for the fated Davis.
I solve most of my problems these days with a good arm wrestle.
That's great too, because you get exercise.
You get exercise and you get stronger arms, which is good,
because arm wrestling is fun and usually pretty low stakes,
except for this one example.
Usually it's pretty low stakes, though.
But when you have an assailant coming at you and you need one strong arm,
that's not going to be low stakes.
That's the that's the real deal.
That's the big show there.
How come there are more fight scenes that are just arm wrestling?
Yeah, or them just using their one big strong arm to fight everybody.
They got huge and jacked from arm wrestling.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Yeah, I do actually.
Thank you.
Okay, so this one came in from Cool Ocelot.
Thank you.
It's Yahoo Answers user Abby who asks,
can I trick somebody a Walmart into thinking I had a prize in the claw machine
and it got dropped by the claw machine and I want to have it?
That's really good.
That is a perfect scam.
Yeah, what would be the utility of this, do you think?
Get stuffies.
Hmm.
Maybe it's one of those claw machines where there's like vouchers inside.
Oh, or an iPod Nano and the claw picks it up,
but then it falls before it goes in the hole.
And then you call over a Walmart employee and say,
hey, just so you know, the claw had the iPod Nano in its grasp
and there must have been a malfunction or a glitch
or some sort of hardware flaw because it fell.
It fell out of the hand before it could go in the prize hole.
So I'm wondering what my sort of like recompense is.
What's our next step here?
What's the next step?
You tell me, do I write a letter to the claws company
or is this a manager that can come in
and just fish that iPod Nano out of there for me?
Because the claw fucking had it.
I don't know what to say.
If you watch the tape, it was there.
Like it was locked and it dropped it.
I didn't drop it.
I didn't drop it.
I did my job.
I told the claw where to go and it went there,
but then it fucked up by dropping it.
Yeah, and it had it.
And you know, here's what I would tell the Walmart employee.
If I was going through the checkout line
and the person checking me out dropped like my carton of eggs,
I feel like you all would get me another carton of eggs.
And this claw machine is your employee and it dropped.
This is still a shop, isn't it?
I bought, excuse me, I bought a stuffed animal
for this vending machine
and just when the claw was over my selection,
it dropped it and this machine is defective.
Listen, if this was a gumball machine
and I put my quarter in and I turned it
and no gumball would come out,
you would open it up and give me a gumball, right?
How is this any different?
Sure, it's got a few more moving parts,
but it's a vending machine, isn't it?
Like at this point,
the person has definitely given you a stuffed animal, right?
For sure.
Yeah, but now it's a principal thing, Justin.
Now I have to continue explaining my,
yes, listen, I appreciate that you've given me
this hilarious Bart Simpson toy,
but I need to continue explaining to you
why I was disappointed by this interaction.
I bought that SpongeBob in there with my own quarter
and made the claw go where it needed to go,
but then as it was retrieving it to the prize hole,
a large boy did bump into the machine
and made the claw drop.
So is that an act of God for the insurance purposes
or what's the deal there?
I had promised this to my nephew, William,
and now he will be so disappointed
if you do not get me that SpongeBob.
Also, have you seen my nephew anywhere?
I got distracted by this vending machine.
I'm very concerned.
Y'all ever see those boys-
Oh no, William's inside the machine.
Well, I was just about to say,
y'all ever seen those boys that do get inside the machine?
And it does happen for real.
It just seems like the machine shouldn't be built
in a way that would allow that, huh?
Yeah, it also seems like they should have a way
to get the kid out without using the claw.
It's fucked up, right?
That kid's gonna have claw-based nightmares
for the rest of its life,
what with all of its grasping and grabbing at the child,
trying to lift it into the prize hole.
And also, you start to get in,
you're like, well, I put $5 worth of quarters in
and I still haven't gotten that kid out.
I'm out of quarters, I don't know what to do.
How fucking tight would it be if David Blaine was like,
y'all, I got a new stunt.
I might get up in this claw machine
and that'll be my new house for four years.
And then you just point to which toy you want
and I'll drop it down the street.
I'll just drop it in, baby.
No problem at all.
It's not a big deal.
David Blaine, get out of there.
I can't.
I can't, sadly.
But do you want, I don't know, what do we got here?
Oh, is that a copy of Grand Theft Auto?
Here you go.
My adult body's too big for the small claw, unfortunately,
so I live in here and I will die in here.
You can maybe fish my individual bones out of here
in what, 50 years or so.
My magical bones.
Oh, nice, I got David Blaine's skull.
That's the big one.
I'm gonna scry with it.
Excuse me, I had David Blaine's skull in the claw
and it dropped and fell.
So I'm gonna need you to get that for me.
Thank you.
Kermit, do you have a Yahoo's?
I thought we didn't do a Yahoo.
I literally just did one, but we can do another one.
No, I'll do a question.
You're right, I forgot that we had spun that off of Yahoo.
I work in a trendy tech startup.
I just got back from vacation to discover
that the owner of the company has installed speakers
throughout the office to play elevator music
in an effort to combat our noise problem.
It has only made things exponentially worse.
However, we discovered that we have access
to the audio input for these speakers.
Brothers, what music or sounds can I play
to cause enough chaos that the owner removes
the speakers for good?
That's from disgruntled employee in Florida.
Can I ask a question?
Ask her, when you say noise problem,
do you mean like employees talking to one another?
Yeah, they don't actually, they say our noise problem
as though we at some point have been clued in
as to what this noise problem is.
Like this is our first time hearing about it.
So I am not sure what exactly they're referring to.
When we took BB trick or treating,
we got into the car and we were driving
to a friend's house where we all went together
and took our kids together.
And Teresa said, you know,
oh, there's a Halloween station on SiriusXM
and she flipped to it.
And it was just spooky sound effects.
It wasn't like music.
It was just spooky sound effects.
Nah, that's good.
Play it all the time, not just at Halloween.
Cause things can be spooky even when it's not Halloween, y'all.
I, we had a great, this great cat over at Vox in the olden days
who I believe was on our video team.
And they had a system like this in the bathroom
that they had rigged.
And they actually recorded their own,
their own radio station for people to enjoy
in the bathroom called Bathtunes,
if my memory serves me correctly.
And they would record interviews with people in the office.
And play them in this bathroom radio station.
And they of course had their own songs
that they had programmed in to this radio station
that they were sort of running.
But they had also put in a lot of different interviews
with different employees that was for Bathtunes.
So I think if you want to get a little more creative with it,
you could always run your own pirate radio station
about the office comings and goings.
And you know what I found?
I actually have a pretty good experience with,
if you do things like this that make your,
especially like a tech startup,
that make it, or like a tech, you know,
like a Trinity tech company.
If you do things like this that make your office seem like fun
and quirky, like a cool place to work,
sometimes it can get you out of doing real work.
When I, when I was at Best Buy,
I used to try to sell karaoke machines
by setting up a playlist and doing karaoke
by myself in the middle of the Best Buy.
Just like doing whatever tunes I felt like,
trying to sell karaoke machines
and the ill-fated music streaming service, Rhapsody,
if memory serves correctly.
So I would try to sell the two karaoke machines
that we had in the store.
I would open one of them, completely void its worth,
and then I would just do karaoke.
But you know what?
It made it seem like a fun place to be
and a fun place to shop.
And I got out of working for like four hours.
So maybe you could swing something like that.
Have you thought about a fart?
But hear me out.
It would start out really quiet.
And so people would look around and be like,
uh-oh, and then the next day you'd bump it up
like half a decibel.
And you would keep doing that
and see how long it took for people to realize
it's coming from the speakers above you.
And maybe you record it with like a binaural microphone
so it sounds really realistic.
And you could maybe choose which speaker it kind of favors.
So people are like, uh-oh, it's definitely uncounting.
But then the next day it really sounds like
it's coming from, you know, customer relations or whatever.
That's my first funny joke.
My second one is what if it played,
what if it played the pizza music from Spider-Man 2
that it played the game
and it just constantly got faster every time it finished.
And that would help with your efficiency as a company
because everybody's going to be working so fast
because of the fast pizza music.
Can I, Griffin, can I take your idea
and spin it a little bit?
Classic.
Mm-hmm.
What if you took the fart idea, right?
And what you did is you started-
Oh, I thought you were going to do the pizza idea.
This is a better one.
Either one works really for this idea.
You start it at a like really, really incredibly low
imperceptible volume and it's a constant.
And then you just slowly, and I mean slowly,
this might take weeks, increase the volume
little by little by little
until eventually everyone's so used to it
that they don't even notice it till they leave the building
and now the outside is too much for them to bear
because of the eternal quiet.
I miss my wife's farting noises.
I can't sleep without them.
I feel embarrassed about the farting noises.
I feel like it's below me.
The Spider-Man 2 one was like a funny idea
and like a really good reference.
Yeah, yeah, everyone was crazy about it.
Oh, I've got one.
Can I save it from your fart?
Can I save it, Griffin?
I mean, I kind of already did with Lincoln's Spider-Man,
but go ahead.
What if you made it just a recording
of different voices of people in the office
calling out your boss's name?
Hmm.
Oh, they're all over the place then.
Yeah.
That's amazing, Travis.
Good job.
I thought that that was going to be so much horseshit,
but it turned into something.
Thank you.
Yeah, no problem.
Or, oh, just get a recording of whatever the noise problem is
that you have in your office and play that.
Play that over again over the speakers.
Over again over the speakers.
What is the noise problem?
Can we get some clarity, please?
It's like playing the pizza theme music outside so loud.
And the only way to cancel it out
is to play the opposite of it.
Could you play the opening four bars of Amber by 311?
But every time it gets deeper.
If you play Santeria at full volume
enough times in a circuit,
eventually so many people will quit that you will be the boss.
Is the enough times once?
Now listen, that's not allowed.
Hey, hey, we don't joke like that on this podcast.
That's not allowed.
Have we done an hour yet?
Yeah, folks, that's an hour.
Thank you so much for joining us
for this episode of the podcast.
I wanna say stop, stop.
I wanna say happy birthday to both of my beloved brothers.
They turn ages tomorrow.
Thank you.
The day we're recording this.
What's it gonna be, 37, 34?
Nope, close, 35, 38.
Oh my God.
Okay.
That's so high.
Hi, all right, thank you.
I really like 35 as a number.
Yeah, you can finally go for president,
which apparently anybody can do.
And happy birthday, boys.
I love you both so much.
And I'm glad that you just are here with me
and just doing a great job every day.
So celebrate one, pour one out five days ago
when you hear this for Justin and Travis.
Titans among boys.
Wow, what a beautiful tribute to us,
to me and Travis both.
We appreciate it, Griffin, thank you.
I must have very excited-
Stop, do you maybe wanna say something about me?
Do you maybe wanna say something about me?
Happy birthday to Griffin.
Happy birthday to Griffin, of course.
Can you say I'm a Titan among boys?
You're a Titan among boys.
This is the end of the podcast, of course,
where the words are sure to stop any second now.
We promise.
We promise, we can assure you of this.
I don't wanna, I don't have anything to promote, okay?
Okay, was that just that?
Oh, I thought you were gonna, all right.
Buy the Sawbones book.
My wife and I wrote a book,
bit.ly forward slash the Sawbones book.
Book two of the Adventure Zone graphic novel
is available for pre-order now at theadventurezonecomic.com.
Sage, sign up for our fucking mailing list.
Yeah, bit.ly slash McElroy Mail.
Oh yeah, sign up for that.
The one thing I will say real quick,
we got t-shirts up now at McElroyMerch.com
where you can decide between a dog with human hands
or a cat with a human face.
Oh yeah.
They are so good.
Louis Zong made them.
They're my favorite shit ever.
But you're only gonna have till the 15th
to order these shirts is a very limited run
because the joke won't be funny after then.
That's about how long the expiration date is on this.
So go get it.
And also coming out November 16th,
there's a Cincinnati Underground Society Show.
You can get tickets for that
if you're going to be anywhere in Cincinnati.
Come out, you can get tickets at bit.ly slash
cusnovember2018 and come see me
and all our super fun guests and join the society.
I just wanna say apologize for being sick
for a month and a half now.
Wow.
On every recording that we've done.
It's not a permanent thing.
Eventually my body's gonna beat it and-
You say that, Griffin,
but I've known you since you were a child.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I've had some nose issues
and it must be bad to listen to.
There's one episode where everybody thought
I had been replaced and I'll never tell.
Do you guys want the final Yahoo?
Yep.
Yeah.
I didn't pick one, but I'll use one of the other ones.
Yeah, this one's pretty good.
It was sent in by level 9,000 Yadru Dru,
Dru Davenport.
Thanks, Dru.
It's Yadru Answers user, Guy, who asks,
when is Santa's birthday?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
You wake up, eat a tasty meal with some new friends,
some old friends,
maybe the host of your favorite podcasts.
After that, it's a couple of inspiring classes,
spectacular podcast tapings,
a hilarious stand-up showcase,
a dance party, and more.
And s'mores!
All of this can be yours at Max Fun Con,
returning to Lake Arrowhead next June.
Tickets go on sale Friday, November 23rd.
Put that on your calendar
because Max Fun Con tickets always sell out.
Get a head start planning your next summer vacation
and go to maxfuncon.com to learn more.
