The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, and me, an advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis
McElroy. I almost said youngest brother. What? That's incorrect. You want to trade this time?
I don't know. Let's try it out. Justin, take it from the top. Okay. Hello everybody,
my brother, my brother, and me, advice show. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your
middle brother, Griffin McElroy. I'm your youngest. No, fuck, god damn. Come on, sell it. I'm your
youngest brother, Travis McElroy. That's right, put that fucking diaper on. So this is my brother,
my brother, me, an advice show for the modern era, like I said. I am actually the oldest one,
and the rest of it is confusing. But I've been working on a personalized license plate. I was
on the can earlier today, and I thought, I'm going to see what I could do, what kind of damage I could
do here at the West Virginia WV, because they don't only let you search- Did you say West Virginia WV?
The West Virginia DMV, sorry. They don't only let you search for available plates. They actually
generate the plate so you could kind of see it and visualize it. It's kind of the secret. Once
you type it in, you're already three-fourths of the way there, because that's the secret.
That's how they close the sale. They let you see it, and you're like, well, I can't not do it. Now
they went to all the trouble of generating this image. So the first one I tried, and it was
available, and by that point I was fucking hooked, was Mambo No. 5. Mambo No. 5. No, in this case,
is a shortened version of number. I saw you toot this image, and I thought you had misspelled
MBMBAM really bad, but no, it's Mambo No. 5, like the Lubega song. Yeah, so I was thinking
about that, and thinking about how very good of a license plate that would be. And it is a very
good license plate. Very funny. If I saw that on a... You'd get stoked, right? I would get pretty
stoked, and I'd roll down my window, and I'd make the Grey Poupon joke, and then I'd ask him,
are you just cranking baga 24-sev? And the answer to that would be yes. Well, hold on. If you saw
the license plate Mambo No. 5, what percentage of chance do you think would be in your head that it
might actually be Lubega? Very high. Very, very, very high. And what are the odds that Lubega would
be driving behind you, see that license plate, and then be thrown into a rage that you've stolen his
identity, and then he drives you off the road, and you die? Five percent? I do what everybody's
listening to the program right now. Just take a minute for yourself to imagine Lubega at the DMV
in the state which he lives, explaining to them what he wants his personalized license plate to
be. Because there is like a 30% chance that that actually did happen, so that's very exciting for
me. A lot of good percentages. A lot of good statistical sort of analysis this episode so far.
So after that, I started thinking about like, well, Mambo No. 5 is very funny. What about Scatman?
Is Scatman just one that I could just grab? And the downside of that one to me did appear almost
immediately. I'm going to draw in a diverse crowd with the Scatman license plate. Yeah,
you're casting two wide nets with that one, it feels like. I'm surprised that that one hasn't
been snapped up by like a sort of a reverent proctologist. I'm actually willing to bet, and I
don't know much about the demographics of either, but I'm willing to bet that the one you might not
be referencing might actually be bigger at this point than the one you're actually trying to
reference. Travis is saying, and he's dancing around it, but there are more people who are into
poop sex and poop play than there are people who are into the song Scatman. Or just into Scat in
general. I don't know, like I'm saying, I don't know what the Scat fandom looks like. Travis is
saying we've hit a point where there are more people into poop play than there are people into
this cool way of making music with, you know, syllables and plosives and stuff. Perhaps. I
don't want to, I'm not throwing my hat over the fence on this one, you know what I mean? I'm
saying that. You're not throwing your scat over the fence. Now, I do want to mention that there,
that is for the standard license plate. You can get a patriotic background that has two to six
characters, and there's also a 9-11 never forget background that has two to six characters.
Tough to thread that ironic comedy needle, though, is the problem.
Yeah, it is, that couldn't think of a good 9-11 one except where it said never forget,
I could get the license plate that said okay. So that's just kind of like, you got it, no problem,
10-4. Agreed. I've been sitting here for the last 10 seconds trying to think the answer to this
question. I think you might be able to help me out here as you are an experienced license plate
smith. If you were going to get a license plate that said parrot head, what do you think is the
right shortening of parrot to make it read clearly the first time through? Otherwise, I might see PRT
head and be like, you're part head? Yeah, of course we all are. Dumb license plate,
run them off the road and then you die. Here's what I think I would go with,
Trav, because I was generally thinking about this, PRRT-HEAD.
That's what I thought, too. That's what I was thinking as well, because I thought PROT
looks like Prothead, P-A-R-T, part. Yeah.
It has to be PRRT-HEAD. Are we doing emojis on these things now?
No. Can we get hashtags?
If I could get a hashtag, my momma number five license plate would be off the chain.
I would have already gotten it. If I could get a hashtag in there, because that would-
Jesus Christ, of course, because it stands in for number. I thought you were saying the
license plate would be hashtag momma number five. I am just going to start putting that
randomly on tweets. What are you doing with that license plate? I pulled you over because
you were going 200 miles an hour in a school zone. First of all, what the fuck, but also
like hashtag momma number five. What's it mean? I'm trying to get it trending. That's
not how that works at all. But you're talking about it, aren't you?
Here's the thing. I don't know if this just service isn't big in West Virginia or something.
You can get anything. You can get anything you want. DTF, I could get it now.
Because they don't know. They don't know what that is.
Dougie Love, I could get it now. As someone, Fernon on Twitter suggested me iPhone 95. As
long as I was in that period, I might as well check out the creators of Blue.
What about RKY?
It's just there. I can just get it.
RKY MRTN.
Yeah, that's possible. Hey, I just had a great idea.
I'm just a fan.
Here's a good idea for a public service commercial for teens. It's all these cars and they're
driving way too fast in a city and all their license plates say like hashtag number five,
hashtag squad goals and stuff like that, a bunch of hashtags, but it's real dangerous.
The cars are crashing and stuff. Who's a respectable person these days? Who do people
really look up to?
Alan Alda.
Alan Alda walks from the side of the frame after one of these hashtag cars crashes and
says something like, the things you tweet, Twitter is real life dangerous or something
like that. Just let kids know, you're really putting a message out there and you need to
be smart about it.
You're using hashtags fast and loose. You need to be careful because hashtags can get
away from you and pretty soon your whole tweet is hashtags and you forgot to put an actual
message in there.
That's another thing Alan Alda, I want him to teach me about.
RKY Can you fathom that with a single click,
my license plate could just say cool dude. Like that is just an option.
Travis Well how?
RKY Cool dude.
Travis Well how?
RKY Just cool dude.
Travis You can't have eight letters? I thought it
had to be seven.
RKY No, it's eight characters. Cool dude. You could just say cool dude.
Travis I have no joke. I have before seen a license
plate that said cool dud.
RKY Oh, that's no good.
Travis I'm pretty sure that's not what they were
going for, but that is a cool dude.
RKY That is a word.
Travis One problematic thing with the cool dude
plate though is that C00L dude looks indistinguishable and I'm not fucking going to prison for the
crimes of cool 00L dude. No way.
RKY For the leet cool dude.
Travis No way.
RKY What about king of road? King of fraud? Is
that on there?
Travis King of fraud?
RKY That's literally a peep.
Travis What are you talking about?
RKY Yes, that's what I'm wanting. I'm just a
big fan of the show and I would like that reference.
Travis You could just get it to say frogger. I
could just get frogger on there. I could just get it.
RKY Juice, Justin, let me hit you with this,
Seinfeld.
Travis Hold on.
RKY That might be the best one because
Travis It's available.
RKY There's infinite ways to read it and all
of them are good. One, is that Jerry Seinfeld in that car? I got to find out. I don't know
who that is, but it's not Jerry Seinfeld. Two, I'm
also a fan of this television show.
Travis Justin, look and see if W-V-G-O-V-N-E-R is
available.
Justin W-V-G-O-V-N-E-R.
Travis Yeah, I could just get that.
RKY Just bless Virginia Governor.
Travis This is his car.
RKY Wait a minute. Please get Seinfeld, please. I
don't care. I'll literally pay you how much money it
costs to get Seinfeld on your license plate. It
will be an issue. We'll have to bleep out. We just
won't release this episode because people will be
able to track you down, I think, pretty easily. But
Seinfeld, I think, should be your license plate,
Justin.
Justin Man, Seinfeld's very good.
RKY Ooh, it's a temptation, huh?
Justin God, it's really good. The problem is
they're all so good that I don't know. I feel like
I'll get it and instantly have thought of 30 better
ones, but that's a problem for me.
RKY Man, I had no idea West Virginia was just
fucking Wild Wild West in terms of license plate,
what they'll let you put on it.
Justin Question. When you get a license plate and
then get a different one, does the original one go
back in circulation or is it, like, retired? Because
then, Justin, you could just keep getting different
ones.
Justin Yeah, just cycle it out.
Justin Yeah, like your URL collection you've been
building over the years.
Justin Yeah, man.
RKY Let's ruminate on this. Maybe we circle back.
I think we should start doing advice.
Justin Okay, here's our first question. I got my
nipple pierced and then got a job at a grocery store.
Any suggestions on how to protect tender body parts
when working a physical job? What do I say when
coworkers see me wince and look concerned? That's
from Bashful in Brooklyn.
RKY Can I real quick? I had two closers for this
episode, and this one is Jermaine, and so I'll just
do it now. It was sent in by Seth Carlson, and the
question was simply, what gauge are Dave Navarro's
nipple piercings?
Justin I can really sympathize with this one.
This one I'm really familiar with.
RKY I would love to hear why that's true.
Justin Well, in my preteen years, no, probably
teenage years, our parents secured for me somehow,
it was probably a free promotion sent to the radio
station because that's how we ended up with a lot of
our earthly goods in those days. It was an Anaheim
Mighty Ducks shirt, and the shirt was nylon with an
Anaheim Mighty Ducks patch where your heart would
be, but it's also where my left nipple was, and the
embroidery of that patch caused me basically
infinite nipple distress. So I'm like so on board
with this one. It's a problem.
RKY I remember when our parents also bought,
our parents just like, I guess they didn't give a
shit about our nippular health. We went to the
beach one time, bought us some cheap ass boogie
boards from like Wings or something like that, and
I fucking buffed my chest, I buffed my torso down
to a perfect flat shine. Somebody else could have
used me as a boogie board after what this boogie
Justin Your belly button was like Kyle XY, which is
the only thing I know from Kyle XY.
RKY This was a water sports wet stone, essentially,
for boys, and it just, it sharpened me down, and it
was, and which is great because you know what the
ocean is? A bunch of salt water. Get that in your
your flattened nips areas, and it's just a bad
vacation in general.
KYLE You know the funny thing about Wings and the
bad quality products at America's Wings and Eagles
and all the other beach shops? Now that I'm like a
little more established adult, when I go to the
beach, sometimes I'm willing to pay a little bit
more for a higher quality product, and they simply
don't exist. There's no place that's marketing
itself as like the better upscale.
Wings.
KYLE Once you're on the island and you're living
on island time, these are all you have, and like
it's this weird block in my brain where there's just
no reality. I'm gonna allow myself to like buy a
boogie board on Amazon and remember to do, it feels
wrong somehow.
RKY It's not correct, yeah. So protection of your
tender body parts when working physically. So I
imagine you're carrying a big crate of, you know,
avocados or whatever, and you're using your,
everybody knows that you lift from the nipples, and
so like the box is just there and pressing up
against your region. Is it always tender? These are
things I don't know about nipple piercings, but is
it always tender or does it heal eventually?
KYLE I mean, it's tender by nature, right? Like
not by nature, for sure.
RYON Do you think it would be possible to
convince your bosses and maybe your co-workers that
it is not a nipple piercing, but in fact shrapnel
from an explosion that doctors advised you was
safer to just leave there?
KYLE It just got me. This grenade, oh, I got out
of the way. It just got me. It got me like the least
an explosion could get you. I just got it. If I'd
been just a little bit faster, I would have got
out of the way, but it just barely nicked me right
there.
KYLE I hear you saying, Philip, pick up the
fucking boxes anyway. Get over it. But let me tell
you, this other thing is the reason that the
grenade got me is because I was being a hero in
some way. I don't know.
RYON I was vaguely hero-ing.
KYLE I was being heroic. I don't want to get
into the details. They're almost as painful as
this sort of impromptu nipple piercing, but...
RYON This daily reminder.
KYLE Yeah, of my heroism.
RYON Did you see Kindergarten Cop? Because
more or less, grenade went into Kindergarten. I
threw it out of the room. I thought I was clear.
I was barely in the door frame. Just a little bit.
It was enough to catch it right there.
KYLE Apparently, nerve right there runs right
through my heart. Can't remove it.
RYON Can't remove it. Got a special ring put
in there. Ring powers my super suit. It's a little
bit offset, the ring is, my power ring. It's not
like Iron Man's where it's right in the center.
Mine's a bit offset.
KYLE Long story short, can't stock milk. Metal
will get cold.
RYON Can't stock milk today.
KYLE Sorry.
RYON Sorry. I was a hero, though, so I'm going
to need worker's comp for this one.
KYLE I wanted to convince Blockbuster I was
allergic to Windex so I wouldn't have to do
cleaning at the end of the night.
RYON Jesus, I'm glad you're my brother.
KYLE God, they really let go of a really
cheery employee, Justin.
RYON I'm glad you're my brother, Justin, and
that you're not working against me in some way.
KYLE With stratagems like that, I'm glad
you're on my side and not an opponent of some
sort.
RYON That's got to be a move where you say,
I'm allergic to Windex, and the thought in their
brain has to be like, I don't believe that, but
also why would someone go to the trouble of
lying about that?
KYLE I also convinced them for a year I didn't
know how to vacuum, because it would get to be
1130 and we would be like, time to vacuum, and
I would tell them, I don't know how to vacuum.
And no one was going to take that last half hour
to teach you how to vacuum.
No one's going to Finding Forrester you through
vacuuming.
So it's just going to be like, well, fine, I'll
do it again.
And I don't know, it made for pretty chill
evenings for me.
I restocked the candy.
And let me tell you, that's thirsty work.
KYLE Thirsty for candy?
RYON Yeah, sure.
Y'all want a Yahoo?
KYLE Yes.
RYON This one was also sent in by Seth
Carlson.
Seth Carlson sent in like 800, and a lot of them
are very good.
Thank you, Seth.
So Yahoo Answers user Stephen asks, what is the
third choice in tic-tac-toe?
The game Knots and Crosses, imaginary, made up,
whole cloth, a fabrication.
The game Knots and Crosses is obviously a simple
game involving zero and X, or circle, or O.
The game tic-tac-toe sounds like it ought to have
tics, tacks, and toes, not circle and X.
What's the third symbol?
We've all played this great game.
KYLE Sure.
RYON This game of strategy, and you're not
playing the board, right?
You're not playing the hash.
You're playing the person on the other side of the hash.
But is there an element to tic-tac-toe that we've
never considered?
Which is to say the toe.
It's in the rulebook.
If you really find the tic-tac-toe rulebook and
crack it open, you'll learn about the toe.
And I'm wondering if this is a procedure that we can
bring into the game to maybe make it not so shitty.
I don't know that I've won or lost a game of tic-tac-toe
in the last decade.
And I'm wondering if that's because there's a sort of
a central component missing, which is to say the toe.
KYLE Is it also possible, Griffin, that maybe
what we've lost over time is a hyphen, and originally
we were supposed to be playing with tiny round candies
and severed toes?
RYON Now, how did this get to be the conversation?
KYLE Because it's like tic-tacs.
RYON All right.
All right, now I understand.
It's entirely possible, Travis.
KYLE I mean, or else where do tic-tacs get their
name?
You know what I mean?
You know?
RYON Let's just, Travis, take me on one on one
right now.
We don't need the board.
Just fucking mind palace it with me, okay?
I put an X in the middle.
KYLE Well, fuck.
KYLE It's over.
RYON You've already lost.
KYLE It's done.
I put one in the top left corner.
I put a circle.
Top left corner.
RYON Okay.
KYLE Okay, I put an X, I put an X at the shit.
See, you've countered me.
There's no coming back from that.
RYON Wait, Griffin, I have an idea for what the
toe is.
Okay, let's start over.
Start over.
Wipe the board.
Wipe the board.
KYLE Okay, okay, okay.
Can I still start?
RYON Yeah.
KYLE I put an X in the center.
RYON I put an O in the center.
Toe.
KYLE Now, hold on.
RYON Yeah.
KYLE You're saying the toe is an essential fucking
combo breaker fucking cancel.
It's a move cancel.
RYON One of the additional lost rule is that
once per game you can deploy that uber powerful toe.
KYLE Is it one toe per player?
RYON Yeah.
Each player gets one toe.
KYLE Okay.
Check this out.
Round three.
I put an X over the center.
RYON Fuck.
Okay.
Wait, what if the lost rule is like everybody just doesn't
finish ranking the board and the circle, the middle square is
supposed to be both an X and an O and you just fill in the
outside square.
KYLE Let me hit you with this.
RYON Okay.
KYLE In the case of a draw, both players are killed.
RYON I love this.
Stream team tack toe.
KYLE So Travis, again, that's the only rule.
Let's try this one out, not the cancel one.
RYON Well, hold on.
KYLE If there's a draw, we're both going to be
killed, okay?
I put an X in the center.
RYON Wait, but what happens if I lose?
KYLE I put an X in the center.
You'll be killed and I'll live.
RYON I see.
Bottom left corner.
KYLE Okay.
I put an X at the middle left.
Now really think hard about what you want to do next here,
Trav.
RYON One of us can walk away from this or-
KYLE Middle right.
Middle right.
KYLE Travis, why would you-
RYON If I'm going down, you're coming down with
me, Griffin.
I'm not letting you.
KYLE X bottom right.
RYON Circle top left.
KYLE See, why are you doing this?
Like you don't want one of us to-
RYON I'm taking you down with me now.
KYLE Justin, are you hearing this shit?
RYON A lot of people ask me, Justin,
where's a good place to start with my bim bam?
And I never know what to tell them.
But now I'll at least be able to conclusively say,
not the one where they play audio tape.
KYLE But this is what I'm saying, Justin.
You listen to this-
RYON You're going to play your, Griffin.
Game's not over.
Game's not over.
Game's not over.
KYLE Justin, you're watching this killing game
and you're going to walk away from it with no brothers.
Do you want no brothers or one brother?
Is there some-
Like now I like this element of a third party trying to like,
trying to like make sure to limit damage.
RYON When my quote unquote brothers have decided to
deep six one of the primary means I use to feed my toddler daughter
and keep her in the shop-able fashions that she enjoys.
Like right now I'm kind of unequivocal.
KYLE Bottom middle, Travis.
RYON Fuck!
Thought I had you.
KYLE Nah, dude.
You don't have shit.
RYON I believe top middle is still available.
KYLE No.
RYON Top right.
KYLE Top middle, I win.
It was available.
RYON Whoa, fuck!
KYLE Sorry, Travis.
RYON That does actually make the game a little bit better.
KYLE See?
RYON Why is this awful game allowed?
Why can I not get another Seaman and yet everybody knows Tic Tacs How?
It drives me up a wall.
It's a bad game.
KYLE It's a bad game if you don't have the toe.
And that stands for total death of both people playing.
If in the case of a draw.
RYON I'm going to make one more change.
KYLE Okay.
RYON Right now it's played three by three.
We play ten by ten.
Your move.
Go.
Start it out.
KYLE Okay.
I'm going to go with grid four, two.
RYON Okay.
KYLE Dammit.
KYLE Sunk his battleship.
RYON All right.
Next question.
I'm moving on.
I'm taking the show back from you monsters.
RYON I'm going to keep playing throughout the game though.
KYLE That's fine.
See, that's fun.
If you have to play over a period of time where no one can see the board, I think that maybe
makes it a little more interesting.
And one toe.
RYON To answer the core question, what is the third choice in tic-tac-toe?
The answer is to live.
KYLE Brothers.
RYON This question got deleted, by the way, while we were talking.
KYLE An excellent service.
RYON All right.
Brothers, help me.
I've been talking to this person for three weeks online thinking she was a different
friend of mine.
By the time I found out she and my friend weren't, in fact, the same person, it was
too late to go back on it.
Should I come clean with this person about my mistake, or should I just keep the friendship
going like nothing happened?
I don't even know her name, but we've been talking like we've known each other for years.
That's from Cornered in California, and it's also from my plot synopsis of You've Got Mail
To coming to theaters next fall, it's going to be a love story you'll never forget.
KYLE It's a lot.
Hey, it's hard to make friends to put yourself out there.
You may have accidentally discovered a great way to do just that.
If I could talk to strangers the way I talk to my friends confidently, I would have more
friends, but I'm too nervous to talk to somebody like that, and so I don't have more friends.
But you found a way to do it on a sort of circuitous way.
I think you just say like, hey, by the way, I'm Tony, people call me Tony the Pony, and
I don't actually know who you are, but I feel like we're friends now, so that's great,
that's good, that's just across the board good.
AARON Let's take a moment, and I just want to parse
this just for a second to talk about my favorite element of this question.
You maybe saw like a screen name, thought it was your friend's screen name, but there
was like one letter difference or whatever, but you didn't know that at first, so you're
like, hey, what's up?
I need to tell you, I'm moving.
Oh, I haven't seen you in forever, whatever the conversation was.
And then after three weeks, you texted your actual friend, and they're like, that's not me.
AARON The person in this that I'm most curious
about is this third party person that like you just like contacted out of the blue, and
they know they don't know you, like they didn't think you were their friend, and they were
just like, all right, yeah, I'm game.
AARON That's the great thing about this tool,
though, is that if you deploy it on an unsuspecting party, they are powerless to sort of resist
its thrall, like, oh, you must, I guess we're friends, like, let's just roll with it, I
guess.
You've lowered all my defenses.
GRIFFIN Yeah, I mean, and y'all know my favorite
seafood dish is catfish, and that's what you're dealing with right now, is a catfishing situation.
AARON But this is like a reverse catfish, GRIFFIN.
GRIFFIN It's a light catfish, yeah.
AARON This is like you said to a stranger, I think
you're my friend, Bill.
Like, you basically handed them the rod and reel and hooked the hook in your mouth.
GRIFFIN You don't see that often on the movie or TV
show, catfish, of just like, I think you're my girlfriend?
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
You said yes.
AARON All right.
GRIFFIN Here we go.
What is this service you're using, by the way, where you were online chatting with a
person without knowing their identity?
AARON My hope and prayer to good lord above is AOL
instant messenger.
GRIFFIN That's the only thing I can think.
You ended up in a fucking, like, firefly role playing server, and you're like, oh, you sound
like my friend Denise.
She also likes Wash, so you must be her anyway.
AARON We might also be like, we might be in a
frequency situation where you are instant messaging this person, and they're still back
in 1995.
GRIFFIN Oh, you gotta be careful, your fucking thumb's
gonna disappear, because of something that happened back in 95.
You gotta be so careful when you're chatting in these online role playing
servers, because if you're not careful, you're gonna frequency yourself, and your whole friggin,
like, head's gonna disappear, because of something that happened 20 ding-dang years ago.
You gotta be so careful.
AARON Gotta be so careful.
But think of the good you could do.
GRIFFIN You could do good.
You could do lots of good.
AARON For sure.
AARON But you don't know what it- here's the thing.
You might think you have to do good to do good, but maybe, like, you have to lie to
them to do some good, you know what I mean?
And do get them to quit smoking, because, like, that's always good.
That's a positive.
AARON If you could talk to somebody in 1995, wouldn't
it be dope to tell them, like, listen, you're gonna hear about a movie called Pirates of
the Caribbean, and it's honestly gonna pop off.
So, when you hear about it, just start talking a big game about how dope it's gonna be, and
no one's gonna believe you.
And you're gonna come off sounding, like, so smart.
GRIFFIN So, that's the message that Justin would
send back- just to- in 1995, that's sort of the warning that Justin would prioritize.
He sends it back in time through his magic microwave.
That's the one that he wants to make sure gets out there, get ready for this, will catch
the heat, catch the wave.
AARON I'm sorry, Justin.
I think that's actually very short-sighted, because what I would do is I would say, person
back in 1995, get a hold of young Travis McRoy.
He's very excited about the Pirates of the Caribbean movie.
But let him know that 20 years later, they're still making them, and they're terrible, and
he should not, because in the future, the fact that he saw Pirates of the Caribbean
one in theaters nine times is going to be like an albatross around his neck.
So, tell him not to get excited about Pirates of the Caribbean, or don't discuss it openly
on a podcast several times.
GRIFFIN Yeah, and also, just- hey, 1995 person, just
go ahead and get off the depth train now.
You trust me on this one, you're gonna want to hop that one off before it reaches a certain
station.
Um, you need to get- just get right off that one, and then you send- send it.
Send message.
You know, who would you all talk to through your magic microwave to send back to 1995?
Who would you all want to chat with?
AARON Probably Dad, just to keep up with the frequency
kind of storyline.
GRIFFIN See, ironically-
AARON Dad, Coke Zero's coming.
You're gonna be so excited about it.
GRIFFIN It's the only beverage you'll ever drink.
Enjoy other beverages now.
Fucking keep cracking that crystal clearly Canadian, because fucking, once Coke Zero
comes out, it's the only one you're ever gonna do.
AARON That actually is what I would do.
I would ask Dad to just start hoarding clearly Canadian for me.
GRIFFIN Mm-hmm.
AARON Dad, buy up all the Surge you can find.
Get Josta in bulk.
AARON Surge is back, so that would have been a
little bit of a waste.
Josta though, I would- I would love a nice cold Josta right now.
GRIFFIN I think I would- ironically enough, I think
I'd chat with Dennis Quaid.
AARON Oh, interesting.
GRIFFIN You'd talk to 1995 Dennis Quaid?
AARON Yeah, and I'd be like, there's a good
frequency joke for my podcast.
GRIFFIN Also, check on Randy.
Talk to him more.
AARON Hey, talk to Randy more.
AARON Uh, Frequency had that dope Garth Brooks
song.
When you come back to me again, you remember that one?
GRIFFIN Um, how about Money's Money?
AARON Yeah, that's fine.
We're probably gonna have to pay the rights of somebody after that.
GRIFFIN After- sorry, no?
Discussing the movie Frequency?
You think we're gonna have to pay the rights?
How do you think that works?
AARON Hey, this first ad is about shaving?
GRIFFIN Okay.
AARON What is- what am- what am shaving?
What is this?
GRIFFIN It's when your hair, which we can all agree
is bad.
You want to, like, punish it and send it to
Sink Jail.
And the way that you get it there is you use a very sharp blade, which sounds, like,
really dangerous, but it's not.
Because when Harry's makes it, they know they're shit.
So that's just been my personal experience.
AARON This is not a joke.
Recently I bought what I basically consider a shaving bib.
GRIFFIN Oh.
AARON It's got two suction cups on it that suction
cup to the mirror, and then it clasps around my neck, so that when I trim my beard and shave,
it just all goes down to the jail in the sink.
GRIFFIN It all goes to the bib, and then I can throw
it in the garbage instead of clogging up my sink.
AARON So you attach your face to your bathroom mirror,
you, like, sort of strap yourself into a shaving harness.
GRIFFIN Yeah.
AARON Kind of like in Pacific Rim.
GRIFFIN And then I hope and pray there's not an
emergency, or I will just corrupt myself.
AARON That would be hysterically funny, yeah.
I've been sent so many Harry's trial boxes because of all the different ads we've done
across our different podcasts.
I got essentially Final Fantasy VII Limit Break Omni Slash My Face Clean Off.
GRIFFIN I could deliver a coup de grace to the final
boss of my facial hair with these eight huge, awesome buster swords.
AARON I used to have a buster sword.
Y'all remember that?
Dad got it for me for Christmas, and I used it to cut open a watermelon.
I didn't clean it, and the buster sword got all rusty.
That's what you get for not taking care of your weaponry.
But Harry's is a great shave at a fair price, and they can send you their trial shave set
for free if you go to sign up at harrys.com slash my brother, and you just pay three dollars
for shipping.
And it comes with a weighted ergonomic razor handle, five precision engineered blades with
a lubricating strip and trimmer blade, a rich lathering shave gel, and a travel blade cover.
If you want to get that free trial set, just go to harrys.com slash my brother right now.
That's harrys.com slash my brother.
Our next sponsor this week is Indochino.
They are making it easy to get a perfectly tailored suit at an incredible price.
You choose from hundreds of top quality fabrics and personalize your suit just the way you
want it, whether it's for work, a wedding, or other special occasion.
Here's how it works.
You visit a showroom or you shop online at Indochino.com.
You pick your fabric, you choose your customizations.
Neon is very big.
This is a good question.
If you were going to personalize your suits, what would you do?
Nice try, Travis.
Ten breast pockets, ten interior pockets, two holsters, and a built-in backpack.
I'm ready for the fucking road and whatever it has to throw at me because of my cool suit.
But you forgot Griffin bulletproof lining.
Did I forget it?
Nice try.
What kind of fabric do I want?
Tactical.
Submit your measurements, and then you place an order.
John Wick 2 is so good.
Yeah, John Wick 2, he went to Indochino.
He did.
As far as you know.
And then he went and he said, Justin, who do you want me to kill?
And I said, anybody that's keeping me from getting through these five fucking copy points.
And he was like, are you sure?
Because I think that's your- I said, you heard me, John Wick.
Yeah, who's becoming Batman from LEGO Batman?
Yeah, slowly.
He doesn't talk a lot.
It's hard to model an impression on John Wick.
And then he was like, I need knives.
And you turn him to Harry's and Harry's gave him just the sharpest
ergonomic razor blades that you could use to attack common in a subway car.
And then you place your order and you wait for it to arrive in just a few weeks.
That's the Indochino experience.
You can cobble the comprehension of the experience together.
Hopefully throughout my brother's troenings this week, my listeners,
my listeners, it says, and I'm going to keep with that.
My listeners, the good eggs out there can get any premium Indochino suit for just $379.
That's $379.
Not the baffling alternative at Indochino.com while entering my brother at checkout.
That's I-N-D-O-C-H-I-N-O.com and you enter my brother at checkout.
That's 50% off the regular price for a made to measure premium suit.
Plus shipping is free.
That's Indochino.com promo code my brother for any premium suit.
Just $379 and free shipping.
And folks, listen, I'm being serious now.
If you're going to get into a blade fight with common in a subway car,
you got to go to Harry's.
No, don't fight common, Griffin.
He's been through enough.
I'm not saying you should seek it out.
But if you're on a subway car and you realize that you and common have wronged each other
and that the Hitman society is not going to take you back in
and the blade fights coming at you and there's nothing you can do to stop it,
make sure you go to Harry's and get it.
Here's my worry.
My worry is that they'll get this new suit, Griffin, they'll put it on and be like,
I feel great.
I feel like I could conquer the world or go stab common like Griffin said.
No, I'm not saying go stab common, Jesus Christ.
I would never say anything like that.
But if you're getting into an honorable blade fight with common in an enclosed space,
Justin, did you leave?
No, I'm still here.
This is all great stuff.
I just didn't want to risk, you know, throwing you guys off.
Also, I just want to say a quick thank you to common for listening.
Thank you, common.
Thanks, common.
You're an above average listener.
Stupid.
Here's your personal message for Lauren and Ma-
What if he just went by great?
Whoa.
Oh, I was taking a drink of water.
I almost died.
Okay.
Change his name.
I got a big new announcement to make, everybody.
I'm rare now.
I'm uncommon.
I'm rare.
I'm epic.
My name is epic.
Legendary.
You have to say it like that.
There's 18 R's in it.
It's legendary.
Common, are you glowing?
I am.
My name is pre-order bonus.
Yes, I'm DLC.
I've changed my name to Malfurion Stormrage.
Fuck yeah, that's an awesome name.
Yeah.
Did you hear that new Malfurion Stormrage track?
It is pretty sick.
So this is a personal message and it's for Lauren and Monica.
And it's from Nat, but never Nate, who says,
please keep sending in those Yahoo answers.
Griffin needs your help more than I do.
Y'all are good friends and the idea of a revenge
Jumbotron seems like the perfect candle nights whenever gift.
Always remember Obama's sunset amendments.
Oh, and do me a favor and have a great week.
That is nice.
That is so sweet.
I don't know if the revenge is against me or Nat, but never Nate.
Nat, but never Nate sounds familiar.
Have we had a Jumbotron?
Let me check.
The archive.
We did 326.
It's for Nat, but never Nate and it's from Laura and Monica.
Okay, so kind of a twist.
I knew it, I knew it.
So this is our ARG.
Have you found other plays?
Yeah, this is good.
I mean, every time y'all sort of attack each other like this,
we make like a hundred dollars or something.
So please keep this beef a stewing
and thank you for the sweet message.
Somebody else wanna read this other one?
Yeah, it's from Libby and it's for Adam Gardner.
It says happiest of happy birthdays.
I love you more than the Yule dogs Christmas special
and rainbow sprinkles.
Let's eat a sleeve of birthday cake Oreos,
play some Twilight Struggle and watch Fast Five today.
You the best.
That sounds like such a fucking nice day, honestly.
That's that I'm like jealous by,
and it's not just because yesterday was my cheat day
and I couldn't do that if I wanted to until Saturday,
but it still sounds like a really nice day regardless.
Watching a video now called Yule dogs
and I'm wondering if this is like something
in the earbuds region.
Oh, this is just like some nice piano holiday music
and two dogs sitting down in front of a Christmas tree.
So it's 23 minutes long.
So I'm gonna sort of, I guess pop off for a little bit
and I'll catch you guys on the next podcast.
I'm Hal Loveland.
I'm Danielle Radford.
I am Michael Eagle.
And we are the hosts of tights and fights,
Maximum Fund's newest podcast
dedicated to all things wrestling.
We'll be talking about Sasha Banks,
the women's revolution, Sasha Banks,
the brand split and Sasha Banks' wigs.
And we'll also be talking about wrestler fashion.
Some wrestlers wear too many clothes.
Some wrestlers don't wear enough clothes at all.
And I'll be doing impressions of all your favorite wrestlers.
New episodes, Thursdays on Maximum Fund
or wherever you get your podcasts.
Oh yeah, dig it.
What are the biggest fond do and fond don'ts
of having a cheese party?
That's from Crushing Curds in Kirksville.
And let me just say, you've come to the right place.
Oh, have they?
I'll say the first one is you don't say the word fond don'ts
at any point during the party or you will be asked to leave.
This is serious business.
It's not a time for jokes.
There's a lot of hot cheese being flung around
and you need to keep your fucking wits about you.
This is true.
I think the number one thing,
and this is so often followed by the wayside, is safety.
I think it's the number one.
Are your sticks long enough?
Cause you don't want to get like your sweater sleeves in the cheese
and then you're flinging the cheese around
when you're gesturing telling your story
about something that happened in accounts payable.
So you want to use long enough skewers.
Long skewers.
Don't punch your whole fist into the cheese.
Yeah, that's a rookie first kind of stick.
Don't punch your whole fist in the cheese
and then wandering around asking people if they want a bite.
It's poor form.
But if you do, do make sure you say smack-a-doodle and not bite.
That does make it slightly less gauche.
Here's something that I learned
when I received a fondue pot as a gift.
From me, so be tender.
I'm just saying it was from me and Rachel, so be tender.
No, this is not that fondue pot.
This was my first one.
Oh fuck, why didn't you say you got multiple fondue pots?
Now I feel like a big asshole.
The answer will become clear in a moment.
If you find yourself with a fondue pot
and you don't have special cheese for that,
do not assume that you can just throw quote,
whatever fucking cheese you want in there,
because that is a pretty,
it does solve the problem of having a fondue pot.
Because if you try to throw sprinkle cheese,
sprinkle mozzarella cheese in there,
that's pretty much the end of that sort of fondue experience.
So you're back to having one.
Just the one.
I was at zero, but I had one,
and then I threw a bunch of fucking pizza cheese in there,
and then I was at zero after that.
And then you brought me back up to one for my tally.
God, I'm so glad, I'm so glad I could,
you should have told me that story.
I would have felt better about the gift.
I felt okay about that.
While I was buying it for you,
I was like, I don't know about this one,
but if I had known I was filling a really specific need,
affording you a valuable second chance,
a second lease on life,
I would have felt pretty good about it.
There is a, this is somewhat related,
because fondue can be chocolate too.
I don't know if you've ever had a fondue
can be chocolate too, basically.
And I took my daughter to Golden Corral yesterday
for breakfast, because it was-
Because you were, she did bad in school
and you were punishing her.
It was cheat day, and I thought,
if I'm gonna cheat, I'm gonna fucking cheat.
If I'm gonna cheat, I'm taking my daughter down with me.
In that sense, the Golden Corral
is essentially the game genie of food.
They got all the codes.
Except it's the complete opposite of infinite life.
It's the prima strategy guide.
They have a chocolate fountain at the Golden Corral,
even, I should mention, at 9.30 in the morning,
which is like, it seems like a lot.
And the, okay.
So when you go to the chocolate fountain,
there are a few different options for you.
You can dunk a strawberry.
You can dunk a small Rice Krispie treat
and you can dunk a marshmallow.
But the chocolate they're using is extremely liquidy, right?
It's just like liquid chocolate.
It's not like it hardens instantly.
So if you put it on, if you do the enrobing process
and then you put it on your plate full of other vittles,
it will turn the entire thing into a chocolate new mess.
So really the only option that Golden Corral has afforded you
is to just stand next to the chocolate fountain
and dunk in a marshmallow and then just eat it there
like some big, terrible animal.
And that's really the only option you have.
Hold on, Justin, because there's always the option to not.
Okay, it's a chocolate fountain.
So that actually is not an option.
But thank you, Travis, for your participation.
Fair enough.
I just think it's very dehumanizing is what I would say.
Would they let you at Golden Corral
just scoop up a bowl of the chocolate fountain
just to take back to the table, maybe for the table,
an order of chocolate for the table?
So your thing is they make an amazing like feet,
like a chocolate fountain,
and you just dunk a bowl in it and take it back to the table
so you can dunk it in chocolate there.
That's not an experience, Travis.
What you described is nothing.
That's not, that's nothing.
That's avarice.
It has nothing to do with the magic of a chocolate fountain.
Do you think there exists a restaurant
where it's just like there are chocolate fountains
at every table and it's just like,
we know exactly what you want.
We know why you came here.
You're describing like maculagula,
like you're describing like an opulent experience
that sounds like a little much.
How about a Yahoo?
Sure, yeah, sounds good.
I have a lot of, I have a lot of them
and I don't know if all of them will,
also all of these pages literally just crashed simultaneously
because of a Shockwave plugin that went sort of sour.
I'm curious.
It's a very curious thing.
Yeah, some of them are just gone.
Okay, fun.
I love this website.
Well, see, you were worried about having too many
so they took care of it for you.
Yeah, thank you.
Here's one, another one from Seth Carlson.
It's Yahoo Answers user Simon asks,
can or is our galaxy just an eye in a giant's face?
Has science proved this wrong?
Wait, what?
Can or is our galaxy just an eye in a giant's face?
Has science proved this wrong?
Cool.
We never left the galaxy.
So the answer to that is of course no.
I like whenever someone writes a question
and they think I can't decide which word
is the right way to start this sentence.
I'll do both.
I'm gonna leave both in for now
and make sure I edit it before I click publish.
No, we don't have to talk about this one.
I just wanted to put that out there.
People think about it if we're just living
in one big spin and eye in a giant's face.
Here's my question, Griffin.
Okay.
What would the difference be if we were or we weren't?
How would that affect your day-to-day life
if tomorrow like Neil deGrasse Tyson was like,
we're all in the giant's eyeball?
Would you be like, well, damn it?
Yeah.
Well, no, I mean, I'm not always thinking about myself, Travis.
I would be thinking about the giant,
like be fucking a little bit empathetic
for once in your life.
Do you think that that would make people care more
about like global warming and pollution
if it was like, this is probably pretty irritating
for like his tear ducts?
Yeah, maybe if the giant introduced themself.
I'd be immediately start getting really anxious
if the giant ever decided to finally go for LASIK,
finally treat himself, you know,
because I don't need that.
Hold on.
If he has a giant's eyeball,
whenever we get into a space shuttle and fly into space,
are we just doing inner space?
We're flying deeper into the giant.
I'm just saying.
Wait, I'm not done talking about this, Griffin.
I am.
Here's another one from Aaron.
Are we just doing Osmosis Jones?
Are we all Osmosis Jones?
Is this all just a Big Meat Dave?
Holy shit.
I didn't sign up for this, God.
Which might be the name of the giant.
Actually, it's pronounced Todd.
Popular misconception.
And so he is the giant.
Fuck, now I'm accidentally lifting gags from the stupids.
Yeah.
How's my day going?
Don't say accidentally,
like you didn't reference the Lloyd
in your license plate tweets.
That's why I'm saying,
like I did reference the Lloyd from the hit film.
Hey y'all, if you haven't watched the stupids before,
don't sleep on it.
Do not sleep on this film.
It is a grand slam.
It's Bug Hall's finest work.
Tom Arnold's.
That is actually true.
How about this one from Aaron Keese?
I've been trying to read for 10 minutes
and it's by Yahoo Answers user.
They're anonymous, but they asked,
would my nickname, Navy Bean, help me get in the Navy?
Yes.
It's a small thing, but details matter.
They say put everything on a resume.
I got this in high school.
I graduated this year.
I don't know why I got this name.
Just because I eat Navy Bean soup,
can I use this to my advantage?
Will it help me become a SEAL?
Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on.
You can't say, I don't know why I got this name.
And then explain it in one, two, three, four, five, six words.
Because I eat Navy Bean soup.
I stepped away from this Yahoo Answers
to ask some friends and then came back
and finished the question.
So says here, you wanna be a general?
Like you wanna start out at a general?
Yeah, that's right.
Did you take like JROTC or like, nope.
Do you even know what we do here?
I don't know, boats and stuff.
Cause we don't have generals in the Navy.
Yeah, what do you think you're doing?
Read the name, read the resume.
Oh, shit.
You're hired, sir.
I like this concept, Griffin, in this question.
And I would like to extend it to other job opportunities.
Okay.
How do you mean?
Like what nickname, like if you,
if you like called yourself like,
like Dr. Good Hands,
would that help you get into like the medical profession?
You know what I mean?
Let me hit you with this.
Famous celebrity movie star walks into the,
to the like army recruiting offices and says here,
you wanna be a general?
So I'll do redo the bit we just did.
I'll take a different take of the scene.
Yeah, that's right.
I wanna be a, what is, son,
what do you know about being in armies?
Do you have any training to be in the armies?
And this famous person is like, no.
And like, well, what do you know?
It says, look at my name and it's Armie Hammer
from the Facebook movie.
Yeah.
I think that's hysterical.
Oh, shit.
I laughed when you said you thought it was hysterical.
So I'm apparently incredibly susceptible to persuasion.
All right, so not that Yahoo.
How about this one?
I forget who was sent in by,
cause this fucking website crashed
because it's a piece of dog shit.
Hold on.
It's from, yeah, Drew Davenport.
Yeah, level 9,000.
This is level, thank you.
It's by Yahoo Answers user fishingforstars
who says, doing a mini play based on an episode of Frasier.
In my theater class in high school,
the upperclassmen became directors of mini plays
that usually have about four to five characters
and the play lasts for seven to 20 minutes.
Lower classmen are the people in the play.
I wanted to take an episode from a TV series.
Sorry, fuck.
I didn't read this sentence.
I wanted to take an episode from a TV series called Frasier.
Do you mean Frasier?
And use the transcript for a play
I would be directing in the fall.
My Coffee with Niles is the name of the episode,
season one, episode 24.
Of course.
Do you think I would be-
That's gotta be a season finale, right?
Gotta be.
It's up there, I think.
Do you think I would be allowed to take the transcript
and use it while still giving credit to the writers slash show slash act?
Based on what you know so far,
do you think I could do that?
So, I think, and I'm no legal expert,
but I think this is where fair use comes in
and you can do it,
but you can't use any of the settings.
So you gotta have the episode like take place on the moon
or like in hell, something like that.
But then all the dialogue can be exactly the same.
So let's walk into this play.
You hear that boom, boom, boom, boom.
Hey, baby, I hear the blues are calling, toss salad and ham and cold cereal.
Yeah.
Change the food.
Yeah.
Hey, baby, I hear the blues are calling, ice cream.
And then it starts, that song ends, and it starts.
And here comes-
Frials and Nazer.
Frials and Nazer.
Those are the tags you use on Tumblr to find, they're big in the fandom.
Frials says, you know, I'm trying to get coffee with my brother,
but where's a good place to do it?
Cause we don't live in Seattle.
He has to say that.
There's gonna be some lines that are gonna have to be changed.
Anything where like, in almost every line,
they're gonna have to say like,
I'm not a psychiatrist on the radio in Seattle.
We live in a universe in which the radios never existed.
What are you talking about?
Yeah, yeah.
The dad in this one is very congenial.
He has two dogs.
And Frazier had to move in with him because of problems Frazier was,
or sorry, Nazer was having.
Yeah.
And Frials loves his wife very much.
Can't stand their housekeeper.
Yes.
Let's see, they live on the moon or maybe in hell.
Do you wanna stick with that?
Yeah, here's the thing about my coffee with Frials though.
Yeah.
Is that this is a bottle episode.
Oh shit.
That is just Frials and Nazer talking to each other
for the entire 22 minutes.
Ah, good old fashioned Frazier two-hander.
Can you imagine the world in which you're like,
you're in the writers room on Frazier
and somebody has the courage to stand up and say-
The audacity even.
This world we've created is too rich.
There's too much going on on the periphery.
What we have to do is take a laser-like focus
on these two people that are basically the same person
if you think about it and just talk.
What are they doing?
What's going on in their heads, right?
What's going on for them?
Yeah, but I think this is gonna adapt to the stage really well.
And to be honest, in this version of Nazer,
because it does take place in hell,
they're pretty much all gonna be bottle episodes.
Yes.
If you think about it.
Ooh, and it's the same.
Okay, every episode is basically the same
and you can see behind their eyes that they know it.
And it's like, is this a rerun?
And they're like, no, this is episode six.
And it's just like, because they're trapped in a bottle,
and it's just like, because they're trapped in an endless loop,
like that's their torment.
But like, they do act it differently every time,
even though the dialogue is the same.
It's so good, yeah.
And now, one sort of lingering question
is when you do distribute out the program
to all of the school kids in the audience,
do you credit yourself as Gelsy Cramer?
God, that is an unfortunate name.
It's a not great name.
Yeah, I'll be the first one to admit it.
Gelsy Cramer is a tough sort of...
It's challenging.
It's a challenging thing to go by.
That's Common's new name.
I bet he mispronounced it in a few auditions
and then immediately had to follow up with,
well, that's my time.
Thanks, everybody.
That's how we got the part.
People saw how self-deprecating it could be.
Hello, my name is Gelsy Cramer.
And okay, you know what?
I got another thing.
So anyway, I guess I won't be playing Spiderman.
Is that how you say it?
Am I saying it right?
Spiderman?
I would love to play the role of Petra Parker in Spiderman.
But unfortunately, I've said Gelsy Cramer
and I don't think we're going to move forward.
I'm so terribly embarrassed.
There's scrambled eggs all over my face.
Stop right there.
You're in.
Get off this stage.
Come here, Cramer.
Give me a hug.
You're in.
I'm about to make you a star, Cramer.
Why do we talk about Frasier so fucking much?
I've seen this show eight times.
I don't get it.
I don't understand why we talk about Frasier so much.
I don't get it.
Oh no, you pulled back the curtain
and now we're going to fade away to oblivion.
By all the metrics, this show is supposed to be excellent.
I don't understand why we talk about Frasier so much.
We're not talking shit.
Maybe that's a better way to sum up our show.
It's an advice show where they talk about Frasier
way too fucking much.
I just don't understand.
I mean, I just don't get it.
We talk about it constantly.
I've seen nothing Frasier.
Do you guys remember when he fell off the stage
in that viral video?
That's why we talk about it so much.
He seemed to take it very well
and he seemed to have a good sense of humor about it.
Jesus Christ.
Hey, let's stop the podcast.
Yeah, this has been our podcast,
my brother, my brother and me.
Super quick, I'm going to be in Philadelphia
doing a Sawbones show
and I hope that you will come out and join me for that.
It is going to be at the Trocadero Theater
and it is July 16th at 2 p.m.
So an early show, all ages.
Tickets are 22 to 24 bucks
and you can get those at bit.ly forward slash Sawbones Philly.
I hope you will come out and see the show
because it should be really fun
and there's a few tickets available
and I would love it if you would hop on those
and just come say hey.
And shortly thereafter,
we will be doing our my brother, my brother and me live show
and Adventure Zone live show at San Diego Comic Con.
We will see you there.
If you're going to be at the show,
be sure to send questions in for my brother,
my brother and me.
Yeah, we're also going to, I believe Saturday,
we're going to be at the first second booth
promoting our upcoming graphic novel.
We'll let you know the times and stuff so you can stop by.
Yeah, we're excited to be at San Diego Comic Con
and see everybody there.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a really, really good album
and I think you should just go listen to it right now.
Like don't worry about what the final yahoo is,
just like go get it.
I also want to thank Max Fun for having us.
You can go to maximumfun.org to check out all the podcasts
there, there's great ones like One Bad Mother
and Lady to Lady and Stop Podcasting Yourself
and Jordan and Jesse Go and so many others.
We have a bunch of other podcasts that we do
and video stuff.
You can find all of that at mackleroyshows.com.
Ooh, speaking of video stuff, at this year's E3,
I joined Justin and Griffin on a floor tour at E3.
We just had some fun goofing around as brothers.
You can find that on the Polygon YouTube channel
if you want to check that out.
I think that's it, yeah?
Yeah.
Here's the final yahoo.
It was sent in by Seth Carlson, crushed it.
Thank you, Seth.
Yahoo Answers user Atlas asks,
is Elon Musk basically adult Jimmy Neutron?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
What the is an interview?
I mean, I do not know.
That was Oscar-winning filmmaker Errol Morris.
I'm Jesse Thorne, host of NPR's Bullseye.
Allow me to introduce The Turnaround,
a new podcast series produced by Maximumfun.org
and presented with the Columbia Journalism Review.
Join me as I sit down with some of our greatest living interviewers
to ask them about interviewing and why and how they do what they do.
We'll go deep with some of the biggest names in media,
people like Larry King, Katie Couric, Audie Cornish,
who'll be among friends on The Turnaround.
Two episodes a week, all summer.
Subscribe now and tell somebody.
