Isn't it rich?
Are we a pair?
Me here at last on the ground and you in midair.
Where are the clouds?
Isn't it bliss? Don't you approve?
One who keeps staring around and one who can't move.
Where are the clouds?
There ought to be clouds.
Just when I stopped opening doors.
Finally knowing the one that I wanted was yours.
Making my entrance again with my usual flair.
Sure of my lies, no one is there.
Don't you love a farce?
It's my fault I fear.
I thought that you wanted me to have a voice, I'm sorry, my dear.
Where are the clouds?
Sending the clouds.
Don't bother.
They are here.
Isn't it rich?
Is the corpse one of the clowns?
Is that what he's saying?
Losing my timing this late in my career.
Where are the clouds?
There ought to be clouds.
Well, maybe.
Oh?
Next year.
Oh.
Well, you got me so excited for clowns.
And it's always next year with the songs.
Yeah.
And here they are.
Enjoy.
All right.
Now, this is never a note I've given someone after a funeral, Justin.
Kind of milking it.
Kind of milking it.
Making a real meal out of it.
Good note.
Good note.
Thank you.
And welcome, everyone, to My Brother, My Brother, Me, and Advice Show for the modern era, episode 420, Funeral for a Fiend.
My name is Justin McElroy, and I'm your oldest brother.
I'm Travis Big Dog Wolf Wolf McElroy, and just quick note, it's his friend there, Justin, Funeral for a Fiend.
My mistake.
That's my mistake.
I'm looking at the, this is Griffin, I'm looking now at the website.
And I'm reading some things that people have written about, let's just say, current events that aren't in the best taste.
And so I'm over here like, let me dunk on them like a brave internet warrior, and I go to click the answer button.
Let me do it again and again.
Yeah, it's grayed out because that function is no longer available to us as of today, April the 20th, the funny weed day.
But there's nothing funny today because I can't answer on Yahoo Answers.
So what is it now?
Is it just Yahoo Readums?
Nobody can smoke any of their weed today because it's all soaked with tears.
It won't light.
A lot of people have wanted us to do this episode for a long time, and we've told them there's nothing very funny about weed.
This website does suck though.
I just logged on to the one that Griffin's prompting.
I was about to get pretty maudlin, and then I just logged onto the front page.
It's a bad website that will not be this.
I've never gone to Yahoo Answers in all this time.
Don't start now, baby.
Maybe check it out in like 2011.
But if I don't start now, Justin, when would I start?
Okay, let's see.
Answers.yahoo.com, read-only mode.
This is not an endorsement.
I wouldn't.
It's not a great time.
It's a lot of people who are like, let me get all up on and be the last one to turn the light out and say the worst shit so that it'll be sort of the epitaph.
This episode is the epitaph for Yahoo Answers.
Yeah.
We've done the media.
We've been doing media about it.
I wrote a piece for Esquire about it.
I went on to ABC News Radio.
Yes, I went on to ABC News Radio.
There was a New York Times piece that talked to me about it.
I wrote a feature for Le Monde, but you probably didn't read that because it was French.
Do you read Le Monde?
And this 15-year-old website's dead, and I've been in a genuine stupor since the news hit.
My son was born, and then a day later, my website died.
Oh, so I see what you're saying, Griffin.
He's the reincarnation of Yahoo Answers.
If it had been flipped one day, it would have been so – like, the soul would have left Yahoo Answers and inhabited the son, but that's not possible.
Well, Chelsea, everyone knows that babies don't get souls until their second day.
Come on, dude.
Yeah, that's true.
That's fine.
Oh, boy.
So we're just – I guess we're just free-forming it.
It's a tragic thing for – I mean, for us, because the content –
For us.
The content will be more difficult to produce, categorically.
This was half the show.
On a good day, half the show.
Yeah.
And some might say the good half.
Good half of it.
No, you know, we'll find a way to patch this quilt together.
I want to say – let's take it all the way back to the beginning of this relationship,
because when we started My Brother, My Brother and Me, it was April of 2010, so it's been –
Right.
11.
11 years, almost exactly.
And we didn't even note that particular anniversary.
Such a wild time it's been.
But it was April 2010, and I had hosted the Joystick Podcast before this, and we had a nice following of great people from that,
but we were worried it wouldn't be enough to have a consistent base of questions for our advice show that we had cooked up.
So I think it was Griffin hit on the idea of including answering questions from Yahoo Answers to give advice to those people.
And it has been pretty much a consistent split between Yahoo and our listeners since the beginning, since the jump.
It has been there with us through different hosts.
It's been there with us through different music.
It's been there with us through different cities that we've lived in, through live shows and at-home recordings.
Yeah.
Through all three Travis's.
Yeah, all the Travis's.
Yeah, they keep dying.
Well, what are you going to do, you know?
Well, just stop the lifestyle that you're –
I did just want to say I was reading the Wiki page for Yahoo Answers, which date of birth, June 28, 2005.
And it's in so many different languages.
I didn't even know that.
And it says dissolved for May 2021 in 13 days' time, it says.
So now Wikipedia has a death clock.
But the thing that really hit me is down under in popular media.
It says the comedy advice podcast My Brother, My Brother and Me features a recurring segment in which co-host Griffin McElroy selects and reads a particularly humorous or outrageous question from Yahoo Answers.
The hosts then discuss and attempt to answer the question to comedic effect.
First of all, thank you, Wikipedia.
Second of all, there's a link here.
And you know how it has like the numeric references at the bottom of the page of the Wikipedia article?
The sentence here, we have the 69th reference link here.
And it's just – it's not like God's real and he's here in Yahoo Answers.
And that's Wikipedia page I guess is all I'm trying to say.
Can I just say that I think that even beyond content, I think we owe a certain life debt to Yahoo Answers for unlocking within the three of us our shared love of both ghosts and horses.
Yeah, sure.
I think we never would have come to that if it weren't for Yahoo Answers.
So we're trying to find a way to fill in this hole in our heart, which is bad to have in your heart.
Like I've talked to doctors about it because I felt like a literal hole has been punched in my heart by the evil corporate guys at Yahoo or whatever sort of corporate company owns Yahoo at this point.
I haven't followed it very closely.
It was pretty mean of them to make this decision just to hurt you, Griffin.
I'm sorry about that.
It sucks.
I don't know why they –
Yeah, and really robbed me of all the joy of my new baby, but that's something I'm working – that's my cross to bear, right?
They probably didn't know that.
Do you regret naming your baby Yahoo Junior now?
I regret naming him Yahoo Answers forever jokes because it wasn't true.
We got 15 years.
I got a Yahoo.
I got a Yahoo for you.
What?
Do you?
Yeah, I've always wanted to try it.
Oh, sure, sure.
I've always wanted to try one.
Yeah.
This is going to be my last chance.
Yahoo Answers is shutting down today as we're recording this, 4-20.
Not shutting down.
Shutting down.
It's no longer accepting new.
Read only.
Read only.
I do not understand the period where you're like, I just need a little while to soak it in before you pull the plug.
Yeah.
Reading is one of my top two favorite things to do on Yahoo Answers.
But this was posted two days ago.
Yeah.
Does anyone know what's going on with legendary actor Danny Glover?
I haven't heard anything about him in a while.
I'm getting kind of worried.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know Yahoo.
And you know what sucks?
You know what sucks, guys?
What?
I'll fucking never know.
Yeah.
You'll never know.
Where am I supposed to get that from?
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah.
The first answer is there are no legends that I'm aware of that make mention of Danny Glover.
Well, bullshit.
That's not true.
Second answer, Google his name.
And while you're at it, Google Mel Gibson, too.
Haven't heard anything about him for a while.
That's actually fine.
That's all fine.
We're okay with that.
Yeah.
And then lastly, from question mark, he's still filming movies.
Okay.
All right.
But see, that's what I'm saying.
See what we're going to lose out on.
No more of this?
Question mark like Indiana Jones reached in under the closing door.
Yeah.
He saw the hat of truth there and was like, he's still in movies.
He grabbed it and then it slammed behind him.
And there's no more.
Where are we supposed to get answers from?
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like when you get it from Google, it's like a-
It's cold and heartless.
It's a robot giving it to you.
Yeah.
A robot, not only a robot, a robot looks at some of the different answers and then picks
the best, most relevant-
Picks the one it likes best.
Thanks, robot.
Yeah.
No, thank you.
If I wanted actual information, I'd go to the fucking library.
Right.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Pull out the Encyclopedia Britannica.
I want the human connection that Yahoo- I felt closer to the Yahoo Answers user than I
do to my own children.
Yeah.
I met my wife on Yahoo Answers.
A lot of people don't know that.
Yeah.
It's true.
I've been staring.
Griffin asked, who am I going to marry?
And Yahoo said, Rachel.
Yeah.
I've looked at this website for many years.
Many, many years.
I'm just now kind of looking at it, and we have some Yahoo warriors that have been knee-deep
in here.
Yeah.
Sure.
And seeing the content on this website, I am at this point having a bad feeling that
we should not have let people do that.
You know what I mean?
No.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We shouldn't have let people spend that much time down in the mines, as it were.
But now, first of all, they did a tremendous service, and my Yahoo warriors are very precious
to me.
Precious.
Precious people.
But also, they are broken now, and they're walking out of so many Chilean miners coming
out of the shaft.
Only they've been down there for 11 years, and they don't know how to live a normal
life anymore.
They're going to be the people in the Western who are like, people don't sling guns anymore.
I don't know what to do with myself.
I guess I'll buy eight cows and live a quiet life, and they're like, we've got one more
Yahoo answer that needs taking care of.
No, but they don't.
They don't miss.
That's the thing.
The problem is, what is happening to our Yahoo Answers warriors now is that they are so hurt,
let's be honest, by their service, and yet, when the website is gone, they'll still be
chasing that hide.
That's what I'm worried about.
Where are they going to turn to now?
Quora?
People keep saying Quora.
Everybody listen to this.
Everybody listen with your listening ears right now.
Hey, guys, I've got a Quora here.
That's fucking nothing.
It's nothing.
No.
It's nothing.
And there's probably some good stuff on there.
We just have to find a new name for the segment.
It's not a replacement, and it kind of is insulting that you would say that, Travis.
Yeah.
No, I'm not saying I'm worried that that's where they'll turn to get their cats.
To get their eye.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's also some other problems with Quora, which I've never visited but am now.
There's ads on it.
What?
You guys are trying to make money?
Where's the purity?
You know what I mean?
Yahoo Answers was so smart in that they never made any money off of it at all.
Never monetized.
Exactly.
Yeah.
So, like, when somebody asks a question like, how are NBA ratings since having gone woke?
Like, I know that business and corporation, it won't put its finger on the scale.
Do you know what I mean?
Yep.
I do have a concept for how we can keep the torch, the torches of Gondor lit just a little
bit longer, and it's not a forever solution for this.
That will only happen when we've raised the capital to buy the Yahoo Answers service.
I don't think they're going to give it to us piecemeal, so we will need to also raise
the capital to buy Yahoo, which is not out of the question, but I have a little temporary
solve for this.
Okay.
And I'm curious what you hear about it.
There is a trove of good Yahoos that we have not discussed at all.
In fact, there's over 500 of them.
Wow.
And it's a segment, I don't have a name for the segment yet.
Maybe it's like coming out of the slow cooker, pop them out the crock pot, because now we've
had, for some of these bad boys, 11 years to ruminate on them.
What is the source of these, Griffin?
I'm saying we return to, as we've promised, the final Yahoo Answers.
Oh my god.
Are you-
Oh, so these are the final Yahoo Answers.
Oh shit.
Maybe that's it.
The final- and when these are done, we can do the- we are now at the halfway point of
my brother and my brother and me, because once we've run out of Yahoos in the past,
then that's it.
But if we do one in app, and we just go back and we check back in-
We're at like 5.56 right now.
That's roughly 5.55 Yahoo Answers.
I think we've missed one or two.
And I guess there's probably 100 or so on there that we wouldn't feel great about revisiting
at this point in our lives and careers, if I can guess.
Can we demo this?
Can we sample this?
Because I've pulled a few here.
And I don't know if we-
How far back you gone?
Yeah, are you on sequential?
Or are you-
Well, for this demo, right now I got the box in demo mode, because I pulled up like 20
from the whole span of the thing.
Oh, so we'll only hear like the first 30 seconds?
Right.
And it'll be like a Yahoo, Yahoo, Yahoo, Yahoo.
Exactly.
The audio word mark.
Just to sample it, right?
Here's one, and this is from episode, let's see.
Episode 55.
That's spaghetti-
Spaghetti-getting.
Spaghetti-getting.
Yeah.
The final Yahoo on that one.
I'm bored.
What do you do for fun?
It is raining out also, and I am an old man.
I feel like we can have fun.
Do you know what I mean?
Still good.
We got that laugh.
That laugh we just got of, what a funny thing.
We got that.
I don't want to milk that again.
We didn't have the courage at that point to say like, well, hold on, let's answer.
Well, hold on.
What does an old man do on a rainy day?
To have fun.
Not just what does he do?
Because he can't do something sort of challenging or sort of artistically rewarding that's not
particularly fun.
He wants to have fun on a rainy day.
He could re-watch The Mandalorian.
Yeah.
That's true.
Yeah.
That's good.
I mean, this question was asked in 2011, so well before The Mandalorian came out.
Now we have the wisdom to say, hey, old man, Disney Plus is here, and it's got all the
great content that you crave, like the Falcon and the Winterman.
And it's got Mandalorian, and it's got Yoda's kids.
Well, maybe, oh, oh.
This is an aspect we've never dealt with before is the time travel of Yahoo Answers.
Perhaps he was so bored, he went on to write The Mandalorian.
Oh, that's great.
He created The Mandalorian.
Yeah.
You don't know.
You know what I just did with my kids?
We got some markers and paper, and drew all over some sheets of paper, and then I folded
them into airplanes, and it made some real fun designs.
That's cool.
That's a cool thing that he could do with your kids.
And that's another thing that we can come back to is like now.
So what I'm saying is watch my kids.
Right.
Yeah, watch my kids, old man.
But we also now, we're dads of six together.
Oh, God.
Yeah, collectively.
Together we have fucking six of them, y'all.
Yeah, so we know a lot now that we didn't know back in episode 129 when we closed things
out with, is it bad to give my six-month-year-old baby a little French onion dip?
I tell you now, no.
If that kid will eat it, it's great.
Six months, yeah.
I think that's probably fine.
Don't give it to him on a Frito scoop.
No.
Because baby-
And it's just a little bit.
Don't, okay.
You could probably get away with giving it to him on like a regular Frito, but a Frito
scoop is far too robust.
Too crunch.
No.
Too firm a crunch for those gumless guys.
I think if you soaked the Frito scoop for about three seconds, not much, you don't want
it to be soggy or you're not going to get the dip, you know what I mean?
Right, you want the baby to have a good time.
Right.
Right?
He's the Frito scoop that he's just chock-a-block full.
It's a fucking Super Bowl party.
Yeah, sure.
Like, come on.
I don't want to use up too many of these because it is now a finite resource, but I did want
to mention one.
I got a big kick on this when I was returning to these to like reference some for this media
stuff we've been doing.
I found a few that are in an interesting sub-genre of we were the dummies.
Yeah, that's fun.
That's a fun one.
Here's one that I discovered that I enjoyed.
Can you get a tattoo while breastfeeding?
Oh.
Which, at the time, which is January 28, 2013, we thought, boy, that is a crack up.
Now, us fathers of six think, oh, you mean, is it safe to get a tattoo during the period
that you're still breastfeeding your child?
Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But we would have taken it then as concurrently.
Yes, exactly.
Okay.
While actively breastfeeding.
Achieving that, by the way, probably, yes, it's safe to do basically everything while
you breastfeed except, you know, high speed stunts.
Well, it depends on where you're getting the tattoo.
Well that's-
Like you wouldn't want to get a nipple tattoo while the baby's right there.
Here's what I would say to you, Travis, is don't get a tattoo anywhere you wouldn't breastfeed.
That is what I would say there.
No, I'm talking about fit like on your body, Jameon, not like where you're going to.
I'm saying keep the needle nowhere near the baby and you could be actively breastfeeding
and getting a tattoo at the same time.
I don't think that a person who's sort of invested in their own happiness is going to
get a nipple tattoo during the period that they are breastfeeding their child.
That doesn't seem like a recipe for happiness.
I'm not going to tell people what to do with their bodies, maybe that's their thing.
I mean, you're right.
The very first final Yahoo I did was can birds get allergies and like-
Can they?
Maybe.
I don't know.
That's not as ridiculous.
No, it's still a funny idea to me.
Yeah, it is kind of funny because it's like, what are you going to do about it?
You know what I mean?
A lot of illuminati-
A picture of a bird sneezing.
A lot of illuminati-based ones.
A lot of illuminati.
I'm going through it.
What's funny is that you could pick any one thing out of this list and do a search on
the page and find three about spaghetti, three about Kenny Rogers, four or five about Dakota
Fanning.
Right.
There's plenty.
Oh, yeah.
There is a couple about Kenny Rogers, huh?
Yeah.
Chris Gaines.
For sure.
A lot of Chris Gaines stuff.
For sure it's going to be in there.
Yeah.
Sorry.
There's also some of them that we can't really circle back to because they don't provide
much of a launchpad for healthy conversation.
Like for instance, episode 336.
You are all asshole.
That's all that that one is.
And I don't know that we can turn that into a good five minutes of content.
Because the rest of that was I will now destroy the website in a few years.
Goodbye.
I feel like that's the kind of thing though now we're a little bit more mature and we've
dealt with some stuff.
We could maybe reach out to that person and just see how it's going.
Maybe change the direction of the show, make it about mending some fences.
Yeah.
It's a good.
No, I don't ever want to talk to anybody who's unironically used this website before.
No, that's fair.
That's fair.
Especially they call me an asshole.
Yeah.
That's not nice.
True.
I hurt my feelings.
I mean, is that our answer to this?
Because we're going to have to like-
It's an answer.
We're going to have to have more answers.
It feels like stalling.
Yes.
Yeah.
I think I'm going to need to bring back Riddle Me Piss and play along at home and Sad Libs
and stuff to fill the gaps.
You know what I mean?
For sure.
They were on hiatus for about a week and a half and I think it's time to bring them back.
Maybe even more.
Maybe like two Sad Libs an episode or something just to fill the time.
Griffin you might have to come up with bits.
And I know that that's scary and hard and trust me, I know most of them are going to
be clunkers at first, Griffin, but eventually you might find something like Work of Fart
that really works.
Yeah.
I mean, people love Work of Fart so bad.
Yeah.
So you might need to start generating something like Celebrity Wine Wine Not like Justin has
or something like that.
But right now, Griffin, just spitball what's a bit that you could do, fill in, that would
be as good as Yahoo Answers as far as generating content for the show.
Yeah, I could do one about how two guys' songs sound the same.
I could do one about Big Burgers.
Yeah.
I could do one where it's like quizzes for our friends.
And quizzes for our friends is a good jumping off point.
I could do one where I do a trick, like a visually a trick that...
Like magic or stunt?
It could be either one as long as it's cool to see.
Or both.
Well, what I would do is I would post a video alongside of each episode of me doing a trick.
Can you imagine if Tony Hawk ramped a sick jump and while he was in the air pulled something
out of a hat?
That'd be good.
That'd be fucking cool.
And that's a great idea for a segment, Travis.
I could just say a cool thing that would have happened.
Like it would be cool.
Yeah, just call it picture this.
Yeah.
Wouldn't it be cool if Space Jam 2 came out tomorrow?
That could be the segment of just like, wouldn't it be great if...
Well, I can't picture that though, Griffin.
What would that look like?
You know what I mean?
Yeah, it's just a concept.
I think, and let's just have this discussion.
I know which way it's going to go, but should we cancel My Brother, My Brother, Me?
Should we put it?
Should we put it?
Because here's the thing.
There's something very, very, very, very, very scrumptious about Yahoo Answers ending
and we do episode 420 and it's the end of My Brother, My Brother, Me.
Folks, the way the last couple months have gone, I am afraid to have the conversation
because you know how we love to do things for the lulz that turn into doing it for the
serious that turn into big loss of revenue for the McElroy family ad hoc, also writ large.
Anyone who knows me will tell you that it takes very little convincing for me to not
work.
Right?
Yeah.
It's the easiest thing.
Someone's like, I don't know how, and I'm like, oh, we don't have to.
People think that podcasting for a living is the easiest thing in the world and there's
one thing easier than podcasting.
It's not podcasting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And listen, I love the image.
I'm listening.
My Brother, I'm on pins and needles over here, I'm dialed in.
The scene is this.
They are lowering Yahoo Answers' casket into the ground, starting I guess today and ending
on May 4th.
It's a slow lowering.
Slow process.
Slow process.
Are beating our breast.
We are grief stricken and we throw ourselves into the open grave on top of the casket and
we yell, bury us too.
Bury us alongside it.
We are the favored cats and possessions of the pharaoh that is Yahoo Answers.
Bury me with my funny, which is what I call Yahoo Answers.
I'm not saying it's a good idea, but I just had a baby.
And I, you know, I rely on this show to support my family.
But there's something that makes kind of a lot of sense about this.
Yeah.
This is feeling more right.
It's good symmetry.
The more we.
I mean, let's say this.
At the very least, I think we got to end this episode on a cliffhanger because we have not
had a season finale cliffhanger for so long.
I feel like we're due one where it's like a cliffhanger.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Well, we got listen, we got two weeks before the site absolutely goes away.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
So I don't know.
I'm trying to get an Empire Records thing.
Is that that?
What's that move?
Is that what the movie's called?
The one with the with Renee Zellweger?
Yeah.
And they have to do a rock concert to save Empire Records at the end.
I've tried to get going.
I mean, I'm not really on so sheep, so I've just been kind of just trying to mentally
project it out there like the secret that I want there to be a Let's Save Yahoo Answers
thing out in the Internet.
Whether it's a big music festival, that would be irresponsible to do right now.
But you know what I'm saying?
And nobody has gotten excited about that.
But if we chain ourselves to this heavy, drowning weight of Yahoo Answers and say, we'll die
too, now will you save it?
I think that maybe that would get some ground swell going.
I am prepared to chain myself to Yahoo Answers.
I am worried about putting out the one...
Kind of thought you guys would go along with me a little bit on that one.
My worry...
I'm starting to second guess again because...
I'm already chained.
Why did you wait until after I chained myself?
Please.
I am a little worried about putting out into the universe that it's a season finale cliffhanger
you know, because we may not get across the board the response we're hoping for.
Yeah, that's a risk, isn't it?
That is the risk.
Maybe some folks that go, well, guess it's time.
No, just check this out.
I chained myself to Yahoo Answers, but not so that I will be dragged down to hell where
Yahoo Answers is definitely going to go.
No question.
Rather, to keep Yahoo Answers moored to my mighty dock, and I won't let it go.
And I don't know what that means.
Oh, so you've chained Yahoo to you.
Right.
It's not going fucking anywhere.
So I guess...
And I don't know what that means.
Shit.
I had just started to go towards acceptance, but now I am trending right back towards denial.
And that feels right to me because I feel happier.
What's the biggest flash drive you have, Griffin?
Can you download...
I got one right here.
This is...
Yeah, just download Yahoo Answers onto it?
I got an SD card here with 32.
That's probably...
Oh, I think that'll do it.
It's just words, right?
That is the fun thing about this.
I wanted to mention about Yahoo Answers, which will be shut down for good on May 4th.
What?
Yeah, I know.
Here's what's something wild to think about is this site is just text.
I mean, it's just text, and it probably is like one billionth of the storage capacity
required to keep YouTube running, right?
It's just the tiniest little bit of data in the grand scheme of things.
And Yahoo Answers is like, yeah, we just can't afford to...
Is it that Yahoo?
Or maybe would you kind of be happier brand-wise from a holistic brand perspective if people
didn't like...
Every time you mentioned Yahoo, people are like, oh, you mean the garbage?
No, no, no.
It's not that anymore.
It's good now.
Now it's good because we got rid of that one thing.
I don't want to belabor this remembrance because if we remember too hard, we'll remember the
bad times too.
I'm not about that right now.
That's what the Bible says.
That's what the Bible says to do or not to do.
I just want to say I love you, Yahoo, and thank you for everything you've done for me
and my career and this show.
You were a bad website that was propagated by bad people whose terrible work was sifted
through by some of the finest people who's ever lived in the world.
We may replace the time slot for you on this show.
We will have to or else the show will become shorter and our advertisers will have a word
to say with us about that.
But you will not be replaced in our hearts and our souls.
I'm going to miss Yahoo Answers and I'm pretty sorry to see you go.
You were a really great generator material even though a lot of people, man, it was almost
as bad as the haunted doll thing for a while.
People loved Chomp That Flavor.
Now, the flavor had been out there from before us.
We didn't invent or discover Yahoo Answers that would have fit on our cap.
That would have been.
Exactly.
But I am going to miss it.
I feel like it's an essential part of the DNA of this program and I feel like it's a
new day dawning.
But it's a period of renewal.
That's what we can hope for.
Maybe something about crypto we could take a-
Awesome.
Yeah.
Oh, that's great.
Some sort of cool crypto update.
That could be cool.
When you tell people you want to-
Oh, boy.
The pipes, the pipes are calling.
I think this is what Travis wanted to open up the show with and he just wanted to make
sure that we didn't get to the-
Let's just let him go.
This is appropriate.
Then we'll fade it out.
Thanks for listening, everybody.
We'll be back with a regular episode.
If you can even call any of our episodes from now on, Travis, can you turn it down just
a little bit?
If you can even call any of our episodes from now on regular.
Thanks to me and Travis for our theme music and thanks to you for listening and I'm looking
forward to seeing you again soon.
It'll be different us.
Maybe a little bit more world weary, but we'll be back.
Definitely sadder.
Blushed and white with snow, tis I'll be here in sunshine or in shadow.
Travis, can you fade yourself out?
I would love to hear you do that sort of organically.
Oh, boy, I love you so much.
