The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello and welcome, my brother, my brother, and me, your advice show for a modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet- Did you want me in it?
Oh, this is awkward. Can I finish?
Go ahead, Griffin.
Well, fuck! Let me loose!
Alright, spit that fire.
I'm gonna fucking- No, it's just not gonna happen now.
Let's cancel the whole show.
Griffin, they gotta know who you are. They gotta know who you are, Griffin.
I'm a baby. Gotta love me.
Sleep in the rain.
You guys dinosaurs?
Topical!
Dinosaurs, it's back. Now, Griffin, you had a little thrilling tale you were gonna tell about a bug.
Skeeto. Got a skeeto in my office. Can't see it, been looking, but I got bite.
I got one bite on my wrist, and I know I'm gonna have like 12 bites by the end of this show.
Open Gotham style!
Okay, so basically all of the possible openings that we discussed.
Travis, do you want to talk about Halloween costumes?
Ooh, spooky scary!
Have you guys heard this Gangnam Style?
Yeah, it's all about plaids.
Gangnam Style.
It's all about tasteful plaids.
There should be an episode of Put This On called Gangnam Style.
Don't you think? That's pretty good, right?
Yeah, I'd say the half-life for that goof is about 13 more minutes.
So if he can possibly, if he can get the crew together real quick.
Squeeze it out.
So here on this program, are you gonna tell your, finish your story about the bug?
I was getting into it.
It literally is, there's a bug in my office, I don't know how to deal with it.
I'm not like bug phobic, but I'm delicious to, delicious to bugs, extra delicious.
You eat too many nanas.
Is that it?
Yeah, mosquitoes, they love bananas.
Right, but do they love, like I turn those bananas into poop pretty quick, so like.
No, you get it in your, in your skin excretions.
Okay, I don't like to, I don't like to think about the fact that I have those.
Wow, that's fair.
Guys, we gotta, I want to get to the advice, but we got a wonderful letter this week.
And it came to us, the letterhead, the envelope is from Canisus College.
And we got an email from a girl named Melina.
Maybe a woman.
Maybe a woman, a woman named Melina.
Well, I said girl because she's just out graduating, but yeah, I guess, I guess woman is correct.
And she sent that to our post office box.
It's PO Box 54 Huntington, West Virginia 25706.
And she, she's a fan of the story who's a sophomore at Canisus College.
And, and she stole an envelope from there to mail us.
And she sent a photo of herself in her, in her cap and gown.
Uh, and she said that we are the reason she is graduating.
That doesn't seem likely.
I mean, that, I don't want to, I don't want to put.
The last part was not true, but everything else.
I don't like putting fans on blast, but that there's no possible way that we
ever aided anyone with any sort of educational progress.
I like, there is someone out there who has slum dog million aired my brother, my brother and me.
There one fucking possible collection of course loads.
Could anyone ever be offered that would touch on the things that we talk about
animal, animal husbandry, specifically geese.
Yeah.
That's one.
What about, didn't we talk about different flavors of cotton candy once?
Yeah, that wasn't sure because why would that ever be part of a collegiate program though?
Clown college.
Yeah, go home.
Let's get to some actual questions.
I want to, as long as we're wasting time, uh, I want to, no, I want to thank, uh,
you had to go back to your bug story.
I want to thank it's, I'm up to two bites.
I got one on my knee.
Like don't worry about it though.
So I want to thank everyone who donated on, on max Funday last week.
We, uh, we did very, very well.
Um, thank you so much to all the donors and our, our, our listener base is now composed
of two groups, donors and boners.
And you know what side you fall on.
That's all I'm going to say on the matter.
Uh, let's here's our first question.
I'm planning on moving into an apartment for the first time soon.
I'm looking around at some apartments and one in particular has apartments available.
If he says apartments again, I'm going to lose it.
Uh, it's such a fun word.
Apartments available on the first floor at the top floor.
My question is, which would be better to move into?
My friends seem split on the decision.
So I think some insight from MB and BAM is needed.
That's from occupying Ontario.
It's the easiest question ever.
It's the bottom.
It's of course the bottom floor.
A hundred percent.
It's like, do you want to walk an extra?
Think about like all of the times that you're going to have to negotiate those stairs.
Like, do you want to walk a hundred miles for no reason?
No, of course you don't.
And it may seem, you may think like I've only have to move in and out once,
but that one time, man, Griffin and I,
we lived on a third floor apartment when we first moved to Cincinnati
and getting our sofa and chairs and shit up.
It was a two day job.
It was fucking miserable.
That was the worst.
Yeah.
And also if you live on the ground floor,
it's so much easier for people to find your apartment without like wandering through the
building trying to find where you live.
Also, do you know how Dr. Adkins died?
Slipped on some stairs, fell right down.
Him and died.
And then the world got super fat again.
So just things to keep in mind.
The only upside to the top floor is you get some sweet, sweet balcony action.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Another benefit is that if the apartment catches on fire,
then you're definitely going to die.
So that's another bonus.
Again, we are in a situation where more information is necessary.
So like, notice he says top floor, right?
Yeah.
Now, is top floor like up five flights of stairs?
Bad.
Or is it like 30th floor, throw open the window to the balcony,
Jay-Z, run this city, 30th floor.
Are you thinking like helicopter landing pad on the top of the building?
Exactly.
Are we talking like by top floor, do you mean the penthouse?
I like to think that this person has enough
goddamn sense in their head that they wouldn't have to ask us like,
should I live in the sweet Las Vegas playboy penthouse
or in this prison cell in the basement?
I also would like to think since this person is moving into their first apartment,
that this is not like a blank check type situation
where he's just been handed a million dollars.
He's like, I guess I'm taking that swank apartment up on the top.
But the alternate, I mean, the alternate to the situation you're describing,
Griffin, is that this is a person who cannot tell the difference
for whom stairs or no stairs is a binary choice
that you can actually decide on rather than a self-evident truth.
Of course, you don't want stairs.
Sure, stairs.
But maybe the top floor is bigger.
Maybe the downstairs apartment is a smaller apartment.
Because what kind of fucking top heavy building do you think this is?
No, I'm saying that maybe it's like a house that's been converted to apartments
and like the downstairs is two and the upstairs is one.
I'm just saying that there are factors here in which it may not be as straightforward,
but I still stand by that it is straightforward
and the answer is always the bottom floor.
Obviously the bottom floor, it's going to be nice.
It depends.
No, it doesn't.
It does because my first apartment ever was in the West Virginia building,
the tallest building in Huntington, West Virginia.
I was on the 13th.
That's actually the coal exchange building we're going on.
I was in the, why are you going to put me on blast?
Just, well, I mean, if you're just going to fucking spit a bunch of nonsense.
I was on the 13th floor.
We played, we rochambeaued to decide who got the rooms.
There was one very small room with a painted shut window,
one slightly larger room with no windows whatsoever.
And then another room on the corner of the 13th,
like all windowed walls looking out like the pimpest view of the city ever.
And we had to rochambeau for it and I won fortunately.
And it was like a totally sweet, it was a totally sweet deal.
You could look out on all of Huntington's splendor.
That was kind of nice.
That was worth the minute and a half long elevator trip up and down.
I think that there does come a certain point where you pass like fourth floor
and it gets to be like, well, now the height is just awesome.
I would say more than fourth.
I would say eighth.
10 floors.
At least.
I mean, think about the look on your nana's face when she says,
when she says, listen, occupying Ontario, I want you to take my sleeper sofa.
And you say, thanks, thanks, num nums.
That's what he calls his grandma.
And I want you to take my sleeper sofa.
And then you just have to sit there, sit it on her lawn,
pretend like you're taking it and sit it on her lawn and burn it.
Yeah.
You have to do that because you can't take it into your new apartment.
Because if you've ever tried to move a sleeper sofa,
it's the worst period at all.
Try to do it.
Period. At all. Try to do it.
You know that it is not anything anybody would ever want to move ever.
Sure. And also the fire, the fire thing is pretty bad.
Just keep in mind the fire thing.
And the other thing about sleeper sofas is I don't think I've ever opened one up
where there's not something in there.
Yeah. Cheerios.
Cheerios and Snickers wrappers.
Like a highlighter in there for some reason.
There's a Highlifes.
There's a Highlifes.
Somebody was reading about Goofus and Gallant in there.
I don't know, it's a flashlight.
They made a tent.
Did you guys know that the blank check house is here in Austin, Texas?
No.
Yeah, it is.
Did you guys also know that in that film,
he bought a fucking mansion for less than a million dollars?
Yes.
A million dollars was the sum total of money that the child had.
And he bought literally everything in the world.
Okay, okay, but wait a minute.
But wait a minute.
So we're talking about blank check.
They're talking about a mansion.
Is the mansion, in the theory of the story, is the mansion in Austin?
I don't know that the film was set in Austin
because they go to an amusement park and I don't think there's anything really nearby.
There's some shit down in New Bromfels,
but I don't think they would go to New Bromfels in the fiction.
In the fiction, they wouldn't go to New Bromfels.
He fucking hired fat, fake John Candy to drive him around.
Like that would cost more than a million dollars nowadays.
To pay a fat, fake John Candy to be your butt.
He had like a wall of like 30 TVs, right?
Yeah, that's at least a cool three mil.
And he had like a slide installed in his house.
Yeah, that's 20 mil right there.
And like a virtual reality chair and like a big bouncy ball thing.
Like what the fuck?
Yeah.
What kind of discount place is he buying all this shit from?
Got it on Craigslist.
If you're looking at New Bromfels right now,
I can get you into like a nice six bed, seven bath on Park Road.
And that's gonna cost you 1.4 million and that's not even-
That's not even counting-
That's not even a-
Fucking water slide, it's not counting the expensive date
with the woman who kind of looked like more famous women of the era.
And also you can't hire fat, fake John Candy to be your best friend forever.
Just can't do it.
Not for that kind of money.
If that movie was called 200 blank checks and then you got a mil on each of them,
maybe we could talk.
Maybe we could talk.
But hold on.
I wanna give you some perspective and this is very indicative of how our economy has gone.
A million dollars in 1994 equals $1.5 million now.
Not even close though.
Not even close.
How are things by the way?
How is your economy that inflation is that fast?
That's crazy.
That's rough and tumble.
But it's even still, do you think that fake Sinbad would threaten to kill a child for $1.5 million?
Do you mean Tone Loke, Griffin?
Sorry Griffin, do you mean Tone Loke, you bigot?
Because I believe Sinbad is fake Tone Loke.
I got him switched.
I think if you check the math-
I did it bad.
He did a wrong job.
I don't mean to make this a fucking-
The unofficial blank check cast.
What I'm saying is that the whole movie is horseshit.
And I would like to talk about it for about 40 more minutes.
Is he- but okay, but is he leasing?
Oh.
I want to read another question, but Travis, do you have two in a row from Ontario?
Apparently I do.
I like that.
Are we sure it's not from the same person?
Yeah, it's different people.
Okay.
Oh, this is good.
We should save this for next week, but I'm just gonna go ahead and-
This is a teaser to get more of the same.
I want to snap into this particular Slim Jim.
I work in a haunted building.
It used to be a hospital, which has since been turned into a retirement home.
Many of the employees have encountered weird things like whispering in the ear
when they're alone and see reflections in the glass and no one's behind them.
Even to the extreme of an employee getting thrown against the wall, which somebody saw.
The problem is that I don't believe in any of that stuff, but I want to.
How can I convince whatever is haunting my work to prove they exist to me?
Prove they exist to me. That's from one to believe in Thunder Bay, Ontario.
You gotta fuck in that hospital.
You gotta get high.
You've got to have sex.
You've got to curse and you've got to be black.
And I think you gotta say things like, oh no, that's just a legend.
That's just a legend.
If you do these things, the killer will reveal themselves to you.
If you say stuff like, I'm just one day away from retirement.
Uh huh. Yes, that's a good way.
From hospital work.
Yes.
If you say, I hope no one eats this ghost food I laid out,
then that is a pretty sure way to get them.
Now specifically, Justin, can you, because I know that you had a brief ghost hunter phase.
What is the, what kind of food, what kind of food are we talking about?
Okay, well, ghost combos.
Is that the ghost of combos or combos of combos?
So when you eat combos.
Okay, so you get a bowl, you fill it with combos.
Okay.
You eat all the combos in that bowl.
Sure.
It's the ghost of combos.
But you gotta make sure that you leave the combos there long enough
for the energy to soak into the area.
Sure, the spectral residue from these combos.
How come that's not on the fucking bag of ingredients?
What if my kid's allergic to spectral combo residue?
Thanks for nothing, General Mills.
My kid's dead.
The other important thing is you have to eat them as violently as possible
to be sure to leave behind the spirit.
Right, it's best if they have an unrequited love too.
They need some sort of unfinished business.
One of the combos is maybe gonna go to college, you know, something like that.
Man, fuck.
Oh my God, guys, I, on a whim, I have just searched for ghost equipment on Amazon.
And now I'm off to the races.
Darn it, because that is-
Oh, golly, this is a new thing.
To afford your new ghost hunting equipment,
are you gonna pawn your fushigi balls?
Do you just hove from one dumb thing to another?
I think my, I feel like my skill in the art of fushigi is,
or as we call it, contact juggling, is really about to blossom.
Do you think that you could use your fushigi to attract ghosts?
I thought my shit was cool, but what are you doing?
Yeah, then I'm haunted by the ghost of my dignity.
It was there and then it disappeared as I fushigi'd.
When I suggested that you fuck at your place of business,
first of all, it's just a great idea, because it feels great to do it.
But more importantly, ghosts are real dirty, which we've discussed many times.
And so if you get down, then a ghost is gonna wanna come by,
see what's happening, maybe try to participate.
I mean, you catch them in a dreamcatcher.
You catch them in a dreamcatcher, like in the movie Dreamcatcher or something.
Hey guys, next week, let's make our entire show about ghosts.
Okay, everybody send your ghost questions.
Do you have ghost questions or do you have a terrifically spooky tale
of when you were haunted by a ghost?
I'm getting spooked just thinking about it.
And we'll tell you about how we used to get drunk in an old asylum.
We'll tell you about the creepy warehouse where they used to store
the pink Cadillac that our dad drove for work.
And now it's a 7-Eleven.
Man, I'm getting scared just thinking about it.
Griffin, do you have a Yahoo!
Sure, I have a few.
This one was sent in by Justin Brown.
Thank you, Justin.
It's by Yahoo Answers User Question Mark.
I'm starting to think Question Mark is not an actual, like, legit Yahoo Answer name.
Maybe it's like, if your Yahoo Answer name is like real, like racist or offensive,
they just, they switch it out.
Instead of that, can you just start saying The Riddler?
This one was sent in by The Riddler.
Thanks.
Thanks, The Riddler.
No, Yahoo Answers User Question Mark asks,
Yahoo Answers User Question Mark asks, how do I become like Dog the Bounty Hunter?
I am a big fan of Dog the Bounty Hunter.
Would love to go around catching bad guys and hauling them to jail.
Would I need to immigrate to America or could I do this in the UK?
What weapons am I allowed to have?
Can I drive faster, do the job?
Wouldn't you love if he came to America illegally and Dog had to be sent after him?
And at the same time, he was hunting Dog.
I learned it from watching you, Dog.
I learned it from watching you.
I just went to Bounty Hut and there's nothing in Bounty Hut in the UK.
It's just this 12-year-old kid with a mullet and a leather vest.
Let's go down the extensive list of reasons why you'd have to move to America to do this job.
The extensive list.
A, there is absolutely no crime in the UK.
Nothing behind.
Way more crime here.
B.
Way more crime.
No, you can't have weapons in the UK, you goose.
Nope.
No.
No, that's a big problem.
Do you think you can just walk down the street with a big can of bear mace in the yuck?
You can't.
Nope.
Now, I do want to point out that Dog the Bounty Hunter is legally barred from entering the UK
because of a slight, mild case of a murder conviction in 1976.
Wait, really?
Yes.
So you could corner the market in the UK because Dog cannot come there and chomp your flavor.
Okay, did you just Google Dog the Bounty Hunter UK or did you just know that?
That's just something I know.
He killed somebody.
Your brain is a horrifying place.
This just happened, well no, it just happened in August.
They wanted him to be on Celebrity Big Brother over there and he couldn't because he has a murder conviction.
Cool.
Is it cool, Travis?
Cool.
No, it's cool in that not cool kind of way.
Oh, I see.
Oh, okay.
I get you.
I get you.
Suddenly, my whole understanding of what Dog the Bounty Hunter stands for is just ripped apart.
Okay, I am Dog the Bounty Hunter or rather a knockoff, a wannabe Dog the Bounty Hunter.
My name is Dog with two Gs.
Dog, oh, okay.
My name is Rough Pup and I'm here to take you down.
That's my catchphrase.
Oh no, Rough Pup's here.
Stop all the crime, quick.
Quick, so anyway, I show up and I have to hit a man repeatedly with a bat to stop his crime that he's doing.
Cops show up, how does this shake out?
This scenario.
They walk in on this scenario and they see what I've done.
What's the result?
I think that you probably, before you're able to bounty hunt, have to go through some sort of training course or course.
Okay, but in this, let's just say in this fiction, I have no fucking interest in doing that.
I think you have to also kill the cops.
Uh oh.
Yikes.
Yeah, and then everything spirals.
I went to a private college via financial aid and so after graduating now, I have a lot of friends with rich parents who love having dinner with their children and me, oftentimes at restaurants that are expensive for my low salary.
100% of the time, they end up paying for the meal.
But if there's any doubt about whether they will, I get uncomfortable when the check comes.
I used to fumble with my wallet, pretend that I was going to pay my share, but that got really uncomfortable.
Is it okay to just ignore the bill completely?
That's from not Ann Landers in New York.
I used to do that.
I used to do that game where I get out my wallet.
Where do I keep, where do I keep the fucking money in here?
This wallet's so big.
I know I left some, I slid some into a side compartment.
No, I mean, I don't, I think that's a little insulting actually to, like, people are onto that game.
They're crafty because they have money.
They know how it works.
They had to be tricksy to get that fortune in the first place.
If people want to pay for dinner, like they, part of the thing with paying for dinner is you feel like,
you know, you feel like a superior, like a champ.
You feel like you're taking care of people.
Good rule of thumb, like very rarely will someone be like,
hey, I want you to, I want to take you to dinner.
And then when you get there, like you're going to pay for your own stuff, right?
Like, I don't know that that's ever happened to me.
I used to feel the same way and be like, oh, suddenly I feel like, should I ask?
Should I bring it up?
Will they tell me?
Just be cool.
And if they ask you out to dinner, then they're probably paying for it.
But it's not, you can't give them the definite.
I think, I think if you don't, if paying for it is not an option,
you got to go with the full bluff and you got to take the check and you got to say,
guys, don't, don't worry about it.
I'll get this one.
And then you get your little reading glasses out.
Oh my God.
Yes, yes.
Tip calculator.
If you have a tip calculator in your wallet, that would be the only way.
I think 30% on this one.
What do you guys think?
If you don't consider the bill, then you're not doing the bluff correctly.
If you don't put on a little green visor and, and really, really crunch some numbs,
then you, they're not going to buy it.
Of course, that bluff, that barrel will go over the waterfall, maybe once.
And then you're in a whole heap of trouble.
It is good though.
I wish they paid the bill first.
I wish that was the first thing you did because it makes it, or decided on that at least.
Cause it makes, it would make ordering a lot easier.
Justin, I...
Cause that's always a high pressure situation.
Cause if you know somebody else is paying, you know.
I fucking love this idea more than any other idea we've ever generated.
I love the idea of a restaurant you show up to and you say, bring me $50 of food.
And then they...
You know what?
No shit.
There's the restaurant that I just went to yesterday.
There's an option on the menu that basically you pay $25 and they just bring you some courses.
I love it.
Like it's chef's choice.
And it's just like, you pay 25 bucks and the chef...
That's good also for when you're drunk.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I'm just going to chew for a while.
Hopefully by the end of it, I will be full.
I also think that, man, maybe you should offer to pay, you know?
How often are these people taking you out?
No, I don't think, I don't think you should offer to pay.
I think you should be gracious.
Oh, definitely.
I think that's a much more, I mean, like that's the better part of it.
It's goofy and a little insulting because, okay.
If you're a wealthy parent and you're taking your kid and their friends out for dinner,
part of the reason you're doing that is because it'll make you feel good.
So if you are at dinner and one of your kid's torpy friends, it's like,
wow, let me see what my portion is of that, Mrs. Jonas.
Then you're going to think, well, what do you think of me?
Do you think I need help buying your fucking French dip sandwich for $7.99?
Because I don't.
See, this is why your waiter always be on point
and always ask how to do the checks.
A savvy waiter, first thing, will say, and have you never seen that before?
I have, but not at a high class restaurant.
It depends on the establishment.
If you have more than four people.
Dodge happens right at the beginning, it's nice.
Yeah, except, oh, I don't eat at TGI Fridays.
You know what I mean?
Like I'm not a booby Tuesdays.
If it has the name of a day of a weekend.
You have just listed the two restaurants I've eaten at in the last two weeks.
Excellent, excellent.
In the correct order as well.
That must be easy if you live in Austin.
Like every restaurant serves delicious Tex-Mex food
and is in a giant dinosaur or something equally kitchen.
All the meals are served.
Here in Cincinnati, it's all TGI Fridays.
All the meals are served out of mason jars.
Yeah, welcome to slurpers.
The whole restaurant's lit with different novelty Christmas lights.
That's actually, that one's actually not far off.
Um, listen, I love this restaurant.
Listen, I don't think it's a restaurant.
I think that we've wandered into someone's attic.
I'm trying to eat.
I'm trying to eat the, uh, it's a boy bubblegum cigars that they flipped.
This saved as a keepsake.
Don't also, we might be raccoons.
Welcome to the best comedy advice cast
that is hosted and performed exclusively by raccoons.
For raccoons, by raccoons.
People are so surprised when we go to live shows.
They can't see us skinning around and rummaging through purses.
People are always so surprised that it turns out we're raccoons this whole time.
Every time I take raccoons out for dinner,
there's always that awkward moment where they realize they're raccoons.
Yeah.
And that they don't have wallets.
Yeah.
It's adorable, but I mean, I feel bad for them.
So you really don't, you're ordering garbage again.
Okay, again.
You're ordering, every time I take you out.
We could have just gone to Slurper's.
You either get the buffalo chicken sandwich or garbage.
It's the only two things I've ever heard you order.
Is it bad form to offer these parents maybe a tug?
As you're leaving, like, hey, Greg, do appreciate the vittles.
I will hit you on the tug.
You name the time and place.
I will get that tug right out the door, right to you.
Please, not Sunday morning.
That's when I go to church.
Yeah, dude, unless I am at church, I am tug ready.
You just say the word.
I will handle the gratuity, if you know what I mean.
You know what I mean, and I think you do.
I think it's a little, I think it could be perceived as slightly,
not, I mean, I don't necessarily think it's polite to offer to split the tip.
I think it's polite.
Well, no, God, not during a tug.
That would be Jesus.
That would be horrific.
Who would want that?
You're into some weird stuff, Danny's dad.
But man, that French tip was good.
So I guess, hey, unless you want us to split the tip,
then we're going to need to go to the Money Zone.
So welcome to the Money Zone.
As you know, we've been sponsored by Extreme Restraints for the last couple of weeks.
And we also-
By couple of weeks, you mean 14, right?
For the last 28 weeks, we've been sponsored by Extreme Restraints.
We received an email from Allie, who works in the warehouse at ExtremeRestraints.com.
And she is an avid My Brother, My Brother, Me listener.
And she just wanted to let us know that hearing our spots for the company
that she works for for the last two months has filled her with nothing but joy and pleasure.
And her heart is warmed by this partnership.
And thanks for being hilarious and fun with your ads
and overall supporting this great website.
I'm proud to be synonymous with My Brother, My Brother, Me.
Try it again.
Synonymous.
There we go.
Thank you.
Yours and Allie's.
So Allie, thank you so much.
And now we're going to talk about bonus and stuff.
You know, that email warms my heart.
But if I want my scrotum warmed, I go with the Mini Remote Control 10 Function Egg.
I don't-
That's a remote sex toy.
I've been fucking up.
So, because I just put like a towel on there and then I like shoot.
That's that old shit.
I put a towel right on it and then I use the hairdryer right on there.
Yeah, watch out for that because you'll dry and crack.
Yeah.
Jesus.
What?
You know-
I want to-
Listen.
Listen.
It's my birthday.
I'm trying to treat my balls right.
Uh-huh.
What else is there for me on this one- on this website?
Well, how would you- how would you like-
There are some really good jewelry actually that I'm just now seeing.
Oh, that's nice.
I've never dipped into the jewelry before.
There's one that looks like a snake is coming out of your wiener.
Ooh.
When you say- now when you say jewelry that makes it look like a snake is coming out of
my wiener, are we talking about like a brooch?
Are we talking about like a pendant?
Let me tell you what we're talking about.
Is this like one of those brooches that has like an old lady on it and it's like ivory?
It looks like- you know what I mean?
Like ceramic-
No, it looks like some sort of weird Return to Oz metal snake robot is crawling out of
your penis hole.
So not like a lady reading a book.
Justin has just forwarded me the picture and it is in fact a picture of a dick as well.
I guess I should have assumed that.
Hey, hold on let me see this pic.
I just sent my brother a picture of a dick.
Must be Sunday.
I guess I should have assumed it was just a picture of a dick.
Rachel, you gotta see this.
So extremetraits.com is your super store for adult novelties.
If you use the coupon code MIDDLIST as you're checking out, you're going to get 20% off
of your order.
It's a ring that looks like a dick.
Like a snake's coming out of a dick.
Do you think they custom fit it?
Like a snake, but it's coming out of the dick hole and it's like wrapping around.
Anyway, go to extremetraits.com, spelled just like it sounds, and use the coupon code MIDDLIST
to get 20% off.
And thank you so much, Extremetraits, for sticking with us for all these weeks.
It is one of the few sponsor program relationships I know of where the fans actually look forward
to the ads and demand that they continue.
We've heard from people specifically saying, I hope you never stop being sponsored by Extremetraits.
They are rooting for advertising.
So thank you to them and thank you to you guys for being so cool.
I think, I can't speak for them, but I think this shit's for life, you know what I mean?
Yeah, I think we've got something real here.
I think we're BFFs.
I look forward to these ads too.
I did not know you could come as snake.
Didn't know?
I remember when this relationship first blossomed, we got an email from Teresa Thorn, basically
to see like, I didn't know if you guys would be okay with this or if this would be the
sort of thing you would be comfortable doing, and it's like, have we not met?
This is the greatest day of our life, Teresa.
This is the best thing that's ever happened to us.
I ran through the hallways of work just screaming, you'll never believe, you'll never believe.
So thank you.
Thank you to them and thank you to us.
Thank you.
Thank you, everyone.
You want a yahoo?
No, I do.
Before we continue on, I don't know if you guys know, but there was a tragedy this week.
I'll fucking quit the show.
I know what this is.
The American hero has passed away at the age of 88.
Leonard B. Stern, he was executive producer for Get Smart, he worked on Sergeant Abilco,
and he was also the creator of Mad Libs.
I'm not going to fall into your fucking trap.
And I was asked by many, many of the listeners to give a free eulogy for Mr. Stern, and I
would like to read what I've written now.
Okay.
Today the world has lost a great paladin, and I'm here to tell you a story.
The world has lost a great palindrome.
Leonard Stern, renowned sassafras, frothy poop train, and dwarf paladin died at the
age of swoop.
He was born in a small town of Throbbing, Wisconsin, and attended Yakety Saxe University.
After leaving school, he got his start as an applesauce splurger, but quickly advanced
to pommel horse in a prominent haberdashery.
His co-workers described him as a sketchy and smarmy, and that if you needed a boondoggle,
he was your flubber.
He became a much more caramel gentleman, preferring the company of Kibbe Gibbler.
The funeral service will be held at Bumblebutt Mortuary, and guests are asked to bring a
fart for the moist widow and her three stanky children.
Listen, Mrs. Stern, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry to hear about your loss.
I brought you a fart.
Okay, now here's the question.
If you're bringing a widow a fart, do you bring a fart in a jar, or do you wait until
the exact appropriate moment, introduce yourself to the widow, and then fart?
You actually bring it in a casserole dish covered in foil?
I brought you this fart.
Listen, I don't want to be that guy.
Just pop it in the oven for 30 minutes.
I am going to need this back later, so please return to me.
This is my good fart pan.
Once you're done with the fart, please bring the fart pan back.
I'm glad this dude's dead.
Sorry.
Like, sorry.
I know he's a comedy legend probably, but I'm glad he's gone.
If only it could have happened before he invented Mad Libs, you know?
That's messed up.
I'm just saying.
I wouldn't mind loopering him.
He was actually on, uh, he was one of the producers on Supermarket Sweep.
Oh.
I mean that, that, is there a window there where I could, I could looper him, um, between
the invention of Supermarket Sweep and the invention of the Mad Lib?
Because I don't want to, I don't want to sacrifice one for the other, you know what I mean?
You're right.
Yeah, absolutely.
Um, no.
No.
Fuck.
I got a Yahoo for us.
It's, uh, it's by, uh, thank you for sending it in, Colin Dinsmore.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Jake who asks, does my PE teacher like me?
We were playing a game of rugby and he told me to do a lap of the field.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's it.
That's how bad is this guy at interpreting signals?
That's the given circumstances that we, we have to work with?
That's about it, but I don't, like, that's kind of just like the PE way.
That's like what they do.
It's hard to know if you, listen, some of us have always been curious of whether or not
our PE teacher is like this, and I don't mean in a romantic way.
We all know the answer to that question.
Some of us are just seeking the approval of a PE teach.
I remember when I was watching Mr. Woodcock and thinking, I wonder if my PE teacher-
That fucking movie!
I just laughed at it.
Sean Williams, God.
Are you having a fucking laugh about the existence of Mr. Woodcock as a film?
Oh man.
Is that what tickled you?
Was it a specific-
It was just that it existed and Sean Williams, God, was in it, and you just can't believe
that those two things are true.
Do you guys have any good PE teachers?
Um.
No, we're going to find the humor in this bit if it kills me.
You are apparently already founded.
Apparently it's no, you need to look no further than your DVD rack to see a copy of Mr. Woodcock.
You're three copies, one for every day, one for special occasions, and one for archive.
I couldn't own that fucking movie because every time I saw it, I looked over in the rack.
I can't believe either of you unsportsmanly fucks don't have a single funny gym teacher story.
The only gym teacher story I have is my gym teacher in elementary school telling my parents
that I probably had ADD, and I did in fact, so thanks for that.
It sounds like he saved you a lot of money.
Yeah, thank you for acknowledging my mental deficiencies early on.
I appreciate that.
Um.
I didn't have any funny PE teachers.
I'm probably forgetting one.
There's probably one listed now that says, hey, I was funny.
I worked my ass off.
I worked my ass off for you guys.
Do you remember when we were doing jump rope for heart and I made all those wise
crocs to keep you guys motivated?
Remember I called it jump rope for fart?
Do you remember?
Do you remember?
Can we not?
You guys want a different yahoo?
Yeah.
Okay, this one's-
An additional one, right?
You're not going to edit out where you laughed at Mr. Woodcock for 20 minutes, right?
Oh god.
The name's good too.
Oh, that's what I'm laughing at.
It's got cock in it and also wood.
It's like a double boner joke.
If that movie was about ventriloquists, it would be the best movie ever.
So this one was sent in by Justin Brown.
Thank you, Justin.
It's by yahoo answers user Intelligent John who asks, have you ever tried to punch a bird?
That's all the things that there is.
Like an anchor or like predominance of like a bird you own or bird flying by?
Well, let's run through each of those.
A, I don't think you can hunt a bird with punches.
They're live creatures.
You've got to tap the bird on the shoulder when it turns around and you punch it.
Would a bird stand there and take it?
You couldn't pull that on a cat.
If you try to punch a cat, he's going to go spectral.
He's going to disappear.
If you try to punch a bird, I'm not sure if they have that sort of cat ESP that would
allow them to avoid it.
So you're saying like a cockatiel sitting on its little perch in your room and you just
like walk in, you've had a bad day and you're like, I'm going to fucking punch that bird
and you swing your fist.
The birds all you've thought about all day.
It's the only way you got through me and your little brother trained that bird to say some
really offensive shit.
You got that 3pm feeling.
I can't wait to get fucking home and punch my fucking bird.
Just really let loose and punch the shit out of that bird.
And you're saying that perhaps the bird would just turn and look at you and just take it
full on in the face and maybe do that thing where it dramatically like its head snaps
to the side and then it looks back and like wipes off the blood off its beat.
Oh, I love this.
And then it comes at you just crazy balls.
And all of a sudden it's just a hardcore throw down in your room, that throw down showdown
between you and your cockatiel and the stuff's just getting rowdy.
Can we not say cockatiel?
Well, first of all, we can't say cockatiel because I'm going to start laughing again.
Your wood cockatiel, your Mr. Wood cockatiel.
Also, a cockatiel would just disintegrate if you punch it.
Let's talk about a heartier bird.
OK, so like a blue Amazon parrot?
Maybe you've got an ostrich.
That's a scoring partner right there.
Yeah.
Ostriches are mostly dinosaurs.
You don't start shit with an ostrich.
Can I go to the pet store and say, I want a bird.
Hold up.
I want one that can take a punch.
Not one that will-
I know what you're thinking.
I don't want this bird to buckle over like a little bitch when I punch it.
But how come as many times as I've seen chickens killed on TV,
I've never seen a ostrich decapitated with a machete?
Can you imagine how sweet that would be?
I feel like that's a Mythbusters waiting to happen.
Yeah, here's a myth.
That would be awesome.
Why would that be awesome?
Think about how long its neck is.
There is a lot of neck there.
No, I know.
Where would you cut?
You have so many options.
Like, you could do like a backflip with a sword and chop it anywhere,
and that head's gonna come right off.
You're saying-
It would look awesome.
It's hard to-
As long as we're doing that, then can we do the cartoon thing
where they tie two flamingos together?
I want to try that.
What cartoon thing are you-
They do that with flamingos all the time.
I think it's in Alice in Wonderland.
What avian cartoon snuff films are you watching?
And, by the way, we haven't properly addressed the fact that Justin wants to cut an ostrich's
goddamn head off.
I was trying to steer the conversation away from that.
Away from the fact that our brother's a serial killer.
It would just be fun.
I don't want to do it.
I'm saying I want to see it on YouTube.
They are beautiful regal birds.
They're basically-
They're assholes.
They're super swans is what they are.
They're mega swans.
I think if you have something with that long of a neck, it is just begging to be decapitated.
Do you think that somewhere like God or the creator of whatever is sitting around going,
like, I can't believe nobody's decapitated those birds yet.
I gave it to them.
That was a gimmick.
Did you just get theological on us?
Whatever Supreme Being created ostriches, obviously made them for-
I didn't want to alienate the Venn diagram of people that both don't believe in God,
but also want to see ostriches killed.
Yeah, sure, sure.
I didn't want to alienate them.
You know that flamingos are not always pink.
They're pink because their color is determined by their diet.
So you think it's a lifestyle choice?
Yeah, because they-
Do you guys know about that?
They aided the shrimp and they turned it pink.
I don't-
Shrimp and pussy.
Man, did you guys know that about flamingos?
They're freaks.
Oh, man.
They will just-
Flamingos will-
I want to see a flamingo and an ostrich make love.
I know that's coming out of left field, you guys, but God, it would be beautiful.
The joke's on you.
Birds can't love.
They're not capable of it.
I'd like to just see them sex each other.
What is with people who have birds as pets?
Seriously.
Doesn't make sense.
I want a pet that I can't touch and is also as loud as and as constant as a fire alarm.
And at any given moment might just flip out and try to pet my face.
I want something in my house that I can't interact with that will just periodically shit everywhere.
Yeah, and make a terrible noise and I hate it.
I hate this thing.
And that literally, if someone leaves the window open, it's gone forever.
Yeah.
Yeah, and it'll never come back.
Yeah, a bird is never going to look at you with anything more than those sad, soulless,
dead eyes that-
Well, what passes for eyes, they're a little more than polished opals.
They just stare right through you and they're never going to love you.
They're just birds with no capability.
I have to point out, unlike cats and dogs, they actually have a natural habitat that
they belong in and it's not your bedroom.
It's not like you can return, like, your beagle to the wild.
If I left my cat-
For like fucking birds mowing in the Amazon, you jerk.
If I took my cat and dropped it outside, it would be like, oh, well, okay, what now?
Where's the litter in this place?
But if I had a parakeet and I took it outside, it'd be like, bye, fucker.
Got it.
Oh, thank God.
Oh, thank God.
I'm going to go find a tree because that's kind of my jam, is a tree.
You can take your parrot into public provided you clip its wings so that it doesn't fly.
Because you're a real asshole.
That's a good basis for a relationship.
Yeah, I'm afraid of my dog running away, so I chopped off one of his feet.
Yeah, my daughter tried to go to college, so I cut her legs off.
Yeah.
I misread her really hard.
I misread my daughter because I didn't want her to leave.
Now her and my bird just cry all the time.
I love you, Becky.
I love you, Becky.
Sorry about your shin bones.
Let's talk about falcons.
That'd be cool though.
Okay.
Now I have always wanted to do that.
Sure.
If you trained a falcon, but even then it's like weaponized.
It's not a pet.
I do love the idea of just a living weapon.
Yeah.
Because that's also what I consider myself.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, on the plus side, you're going to be able to become a gunslinger at an
unprecedentedly young age.
That's good.
The bad side is that somewhere there is a flying knife that you have trained that
would love nothing more.
And at your death, we'll just go on a killing spree.
Just that you're the only thing keeping that flying knife in check.
God, that would be a good name for a falcon though if I had it.
Come flying knife.
Guessing it's my side.
Not too fast though, please.
What would you call a falcon if you?
Condor man.
Condor man.
Okay.
That's good because he's neither condor nor man.
Exactly.
It's really going to fuck with his enemies.
I would name it Gongham style because I think people would, it would be like carbon dating
it because people would know it too.
Like within a day when I bought this bird.
This is my falcon pogs.
Yeah.
This is my falcon Judge Lance Edo.
Can I call my falcon Billy Ocean?
Of course you can.
Get out of my dreams and get out of my hair.
You're killing me.
Please stop watching me while I sleep.
I just decided that if I saw somebody on the streets of Austin with a bird on their hand,
I would just think they were a hipster probably.
That is, that is not a joke.
It is not outside the realm of, of possibility.
There's a guy who walks around Huntington with a parrot on his shoulder.
Yeah.
I also want to point out when it comes to falcons, you literally have to like blindfold
them to keep them from killing people.
Yeah.
Like they have specially designed hat and blinders so that the birds do not just freak
out and murder everything they see.
I, I, there's this guy who used to always hang out at a restaurant that used to be in
town called Chili Willy's that had a parrot and he would bring his parrot into the restaurant,
which I think is foul by the way.
That's a bird.
You don't know what it does.
He would bring his bird in the restaurant and then, and I would see him there all the
time.
I would think, huh, I guess Chili Willy, you know, I guess he must be friends with the
owner or whatever.
And now a new restaurant has opened up in that same locale called Backyard Pizza.
And I've seen that motherfucker with his parrot again.
I don't know if he's a feature of the building or if I think the one place he could take
his parrot with his parrot won't lose his goddamn mind.
Do you think he's providing a service?
He's providing a service to Huntington restaurants.
Like I will make your shit look more interesting by standing in front of it.
People want to know my story.
They'll get hungry cause I'll talk to them for two hours about my fucking parrot.
And then I'll let the parrot do a little bit of the talking.
And don't even worry about spiders anymore.
He'll take care of all the colorful beetles.
You can't pay me in pizza.
Hey, do parrots eat pizza?
Ah, fuck it.
I'll eat his.
I'll eat his pizza.
What's, what's that flying knife?
You want to eat some food?
Well, you have pizza.
You should have eaten your pizza there that I had to eat for you.
Oh, what's that?
You need me to launch the pizza upwards into the sky at a hundred miles an hour before
you'll be interested in it at all.
Okay.
Fuck the fucking next stop flash forward.
America's got talent.
You got a million dollar check.
Your show's opening in Vegas.
This is my pet flying knife.
The amazing pizza catching parrot.
I love dead mouse pizza please.
He died after three weeks.
I had to train a new one.
I hate this job.
The world's fattest falcon.
I hate this job almost as much as birds apparently hate pizza.
This bird has acne.
Get up there, flying knife.
My flying knife, you have acne and your breath smells like garlic.
I hate you now.
I always hated you.
Why can't you look at me with love?
Put your hat back on.
You're creeping me out.
How come you never bring me a Bud Light like the cool birds in the commercials do?
This is my parrot and this is our Las Vegas style show.
It's now been moved to the Catskills and I trained my parrot to get me a beer.
Does anybody else want a beer?
Hold on a second.
Wear this gauntlet because he will attack.
Can you imagine if you owned a parrot and then like you brought home a falcon?
What the parrot must think in that moment?
What would a parrot think?
Not that birds could think.
Oh fuck.
What's he calling it?
Flying knife?
That's such a cool name.
He called me Steve.
What the fuck?
Why did he name me Steve?
Name your parrot Raven.
He won't see that coming.
Hey, my friend and I saw a movie on the last day I was playing.
As it turned out, we were the only two there.
We usually like to stick around through the credits.
On the off chance there's a bonus scene at the end, but halfway through the credits,
I saw an usher glaring at us impatiently from the doorway,
waiting for us to leave.
I feel as paying moviegoers, we have the right to stick around until the lights come up,
even if we're the only ones there.
Am I in the wrong on this?
And that's from ushered out in Utah.
Well, I have great news for you ushered out in Utah.
And this still is not a paid endorsement, but if you get the iPhone app Run P,
it will not only tell you the best time to take a bathroom break,
it will tell you if there is something after the credits,
whether or not you need to stay.
But do you think that's going to stave off the condescending stare of the movie theater usher?
Who cares about that guy?
I was that dude.
Yeah.
Yeah, but people should be able to sit there and enjoy their film without you rushing them out.
I'm saying he's being a jerk.
Well, I think the trait, here's the thing.
The fact of the matter is, if you're the only two people in the theater,
it's not like brothers got a lot of cleaning to do.
Wow, that's a good point, Travis.
How long is it going to take them to clean up after two people?
Right?
So unless you were just like changing seats every five minutes
and then dumping your junior mints on the ground.
I spilled them again.
Hey, usher.
Mom.
Hey, usher.
Usher or mom or usher Raymond.
Anybody.
I spilled them again.
Spilled them.
Hey, Will Ferrell.
Hey, Will Ferrell in the movie.
I spilled them.
Please come out of the movie.
I want Goobers this time.
Turn my mints into Goobers.
I want to return exchange these mints for Goobers.
I only ate five.
It's not fair.
It turns out Rosebud is his sled, everybody.
By the way, this happened in 1940.
Wow.
This is fun.
Did you know that was a time travel scene?
What?
You are not doing this guy any disservice because when you're an usher,
here's the life of an usher.
Here's how a shift breaks down.
You get to stand around and watch the end of a movie
and wait for the theater to clear out.
That's one of the things you do.
Sometimes you go and you have to fill up a bucket with mop water.
That's cool.
Sometimes you have to clean up puke and jizz and skull leavings.
And be careful not to stab yourself on your syringes.
That's the worst part of the job.
And as long as they're not doing that,
then they are probably just happy to be standing still.
I used to work at a theater.
You know what they used to do for your lunch and dinner break?
They used to say on our lunch and dinner breaks,
they would say you can go and chill out for, you know,
30 minutes or however long in one of the theaters.
And so you would just go watch fucking 30 minutes of a movie
and it was absolute torture.
It's so sad. What was that Ryan Reynolds haunted house one?
The remake? Amityville Horror.
Spooky Mansion.
I watched 30 minutes of Spooky Mansion, like the same 30 minutes.
Oh yeah.
For like a week.
I saw-
And as far as I know, I think they all died.
I saw the end of The Grudge 2 probably 22 different times.
Like the last four minutes.
And it was some woman just getting wrecked by a Japanese ghost.
I saw that shit so, so many times because I had to.
You know what? I take it back.
Do whatever this usher wants you to.
Their life is nothing but fucking pain.
Because here's the thing.
Here's the thing that's just occurred to me.
The real horseshit is not you staying after the movie.
The real horseshit is this is the last day this movie's in there.
Probably no one's coming to see this movie in two weeks.
And dude was thinking like, cool, movie starts.
I don't have to worry about it.
We probably wouldn't even run the whole thing.
And then you and your friends show up to watch it on the last day
at like an 11 a.m. showing and just ruin this dude's hour and a half break.
Now here's a suggestion.
What about this?
Why don't we engage him as a person and say,
hey, do you know if there's anything after the credits?
Because they will know.
They've cleaned up after this.
Just be like, I felt that the ending left me hollow and I don't know how to feel.
Let me go devil's advocate.
And by devil, I mean the usher.
Let me be usher's advocate.
Let me be usher's advocate here.
He doesn't want to hang out with two weirdos who just saw a movie by themselves
because let me tell you, I'm putting myself in his shoes.
You guys were probably talking in his mind's eye.
That's what was going on.
You were tugging into his mind's eye.
If he gets if he looks like full grump,
it's probably because he thinks there's going to be tug leavings in his future.
I think they're just called tugging.
If he's got tuggies, he's got tuggies waiting for him.
And do you think he wants to see the last eight minutes of Expendables 2
and then clean up tuggies?
Of course not.
Of course not.
He's going to need all this mental energy to keep a gum barrel out of his mouth tonight.
You really think he wants to chat with you about whether or not
Ryan Reynolds should have ended up with Sandra Bullock at the end?
Probably not.
He's sad about your tuggies.
Leave the movie 10 minutes early.
If you feel like the movie is coming to a close, you should stay on opposite sides of the theater
so that when he comes in, he knows that there was no thank you.
Or just as soon as he walks in, just say, no tuggies, bro.
Don't worry.
Just keep your hands in the air like you're at a middle school dance.
It's as clean as when the theater rolled off the factory floor.
In fact, we found some tuggies in the back row.
We cleaned them up for you.
Yeah.
Or maybe when he comes in, you hide so he doesn't know you're there.
When he comes in, you're sweeping popcorn into a little like, you're like, I got it.
You jump up into the rafters like a howler monkey.
He'll never know you're there.
And you can just finish watching it as he cleans beneath you.
Why don't you come in dressed as an usher?
Why don't you come in dressed as usher?
Dressed as usher.
Hi, you wouldn't make usher leave the theater early, would you?
Sir, you are 300 pounds and white as the fallen snow.
Please, please leave the theater.
You look like that really fat comedian.
Ah, that would have been funnier if I could remember his name.
What's that fool's name?
You would literally, there's like five choices here.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The one who won last Comic Standing.
Oh, Renee Fatslin.
What?
No.
Renee Fatslin?
No.
Louie Anderson.
GERP.
No.
GERP.
It's his name.
Ralph E. Mays.
Ralph E. Mays, that's it.
Okay, I'm going to try that again.
And, take two.
You look like Ralph E. Mays.
Nailed it.
Nailed it.
Old two-take Justin, they call him.
Nailed it in two.
Cut.
Prank.
Sir, rough.
Can we just edit this?
Just cut it.
Cut it.
Cut it.
Cut it.
Cut it.
Cut it.
Just get it there.
Just cut that in.
Take out the part where we did the other Tuesday.
It'll be like.
He's going to cut and paste.
He looks like, and then Microsoft Sam.
Ralph E. Mays.
Can you do that and then just cut out everything from when we
talked about BE teachers, except for when I said Mr.
Wolfhawk and you lost it.
Just like have a parenthetical statement within the show.
I want this episode to be 45 seconds long.
I want it to be you, you laughing about Mr.
Woodcock and me saying.
Hey, do you guys remember Mr.
Woodcock?
Ralph E. Mays.
L-O, L-O, L-O, L-O.
L-O, L-O.
Keep your heart, three sacks.
Keep your heart, three sacks.
The end.
We got to throw extreme restraints in there too.
That podcast you told me to listen to, you were 100% right.
It was 45 seconds long, but there was an uninterrupted bit
about fuck toys for money.
If this show were just a elaborate construct for which
to deliver bits about sex toys, which I guess it is.
They laughed at poor Sean William Scott and then talked
about snakes coming out of a dick for like an hour and a half.
They laughed at the existence of Sean William Scott,
like just as a whole, his whole scenario.
I was thinking about his funny bits from the movie.
Yeah, like, yeah.
Yeah, for sure.
Thank you for listening to our comedy podcast,
my brother, my brother and me.
It's been just another great time.
A lot of laughs.
Thanks for people sending things to us in the mail.
Again, our address is PO Box 54, Huntington, West Virginia, 25706.
And you can just send that attention, me.
No bombs.
No bombs.
You should write on it, no bombs.
No Tuggies, no bombs.
In fact, especially the first thing.
No Tuggies.
I know it seems like a good idea now.
Thanks to people tweeting about the show,
Thomas Rice, Double Wizard, The Incredible K, Opposable Plums,
Tiff Cantrell, Frojack90, Mara Ruth S. Carroll, Chuck Jones 1970,
Chuck Bruce One, Love Actuary, Blue Nicole.
And if you're not already following MBMBAM Wisdom, you should.
It's a funny Twitter account that you can enjoy.
Thank you to Joe fucking Robinson for sending me a Pepsi
Man action figure.
Holy shit.
Are you kidding?
No, I'm serious.
Goals.
I know.
It's going to be the best.
Did we get any more extremely rare and valuable Pokemon cards?
No, no more extremely.
I did throw those others away, though.
Ah, ah, ah, no.
I also want to say, if you have someone that you love with a birthday coming up,
or an anniversary, or a big occasion, and you want to shout out on the show for them,
just go to Maximumfun.org forward slash Jumbotron and all the information is there.
We'd love to wish them a happy birthday or tell them that you love them or if you got
a business back or something.
And if you have a business and you'd like a little commercial message on there,
just go to the same link.
Maximumfun.org forward slash Jumbotron.
I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
Maybe we should switch in like other tracks from that album
in there.
You think?
There are a lot.
There's a lot of good tracks and they're all pretty high energy.
I bet they would get things going with a bang.
Anyway, that probably won't happen.
Yeah, probably.
And remember, if you have any ghost-related questions,
send them in so we can do a-
Next week, all ghosts.
Nothing fucking stupid, though.
Like, we all- ghosts don't exist and like, that's cool.
Make them- just make them good.
Stop sending in shitty ghost questions, everyone.
Yeah, just send your best ones.
All ghosts next week.
And thank you for listening to My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
this podcast here that we're on doing right now.
We have got to stop drinking before doing the show.
Yeah, good luck.
Griffin, I believe you said you had one more question.
Yeah, I have one to grow on.
It's by- it was sent in by Nicole Thompson.
Thank you, Nicole.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Kat, who asks,
Where are Bird's ears at?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
Kiss your dads.
Go around the lips.
