If you change your mind
Dicky chance on the first in line
Me if you need me, let me know gonna be around if you got no place to go
Oh, yeah, here it goes setting it
Off in vogue style as queen atifah
Once set off her career set her career blaze
With the hit film set it off. We too are setting it off. It's my brother. My brother and me
It's an invite show for the modern era. I am your host
Co-host
Post s provocateur
impresario Justin McElroy
I'm the other guy Travis McElroy
I'm the Queen Latifah of podcasting Griffin McElroy. Don't you claim that like you can just
Hog that for yourself. I'm gonna take it. You guys can you guys can be your your own soul mistresses, but I call Erica Badiou
That's a good one. All right, Justin. What do you think in Macy Gray? I try to say goodbye, but we just started the show
So here's our first question that comes to us from Austin via gmail
He says hey guys
Do girls find it attractive if you listen to certain types of music or maybe a certain artist if so
Which ones do you think they like? Thanks for your time. Ah
Wow, what a bummer way to start off
The shit out of me dude
it's sad that that you have to ask this question because
It's doubly sad that the answer is of course. Yeah, of course there are I I think
It all depends on the type of girl. You're trying to woo
if she's a more
Let's say common type you'll want to listen to the mainstream artists of the day
You're you're Justin Bieber's you're you're nickel backs
If if she's a little like she if she if she's in the smart dudes gotta go jazz
If you have a working knowledge of jazz
Then then you're gonna be able to bring in those those smart girls
She's a little more tender go with like some
Damien rice something like that is very good. You guys have any suggestions zydeco zydeco
Beat no one can resist nothing but zydeco zydeco
Watch out for being too eager to say oh, yeah
I'd love them too because now you have to go to their concerts and they're awful like Nickelback if you're like, yeah, baby
I love Nickelback too
Man, now you're locked into that and then halfway through the concert should be like, I'm sorry
I have to tell you I know you love them, but these guys are terrible and you like I think they're terrible
Let's leave
Let's go have premarital sex
You won't have that problem though if you're at a zydeco concert
yep, just turn on the the soundtrack to divine secrets of the Aya sisterhood and
And that
Heavily zydeco inspired. It's heavily zydeco inspired. Yeah, it's it's heavy on zydeco
I
Guess we answer the question. I don't know
Yeah, it depends on what the it
It always is about what the the person likes try to strike a balance between what they like and what you think they would like
I
Here's a suggestion
Girls like guys with self-respect
Yeah confident guys don't like what you like dude and they'll respect that be able to look at yourself with a mirror Austin
I'm currently seeing a girl
You should talk to her. So listen our podcast. I mean you're seeing a girl
Relationship-wise who used to date a good friend of mine. I really like this girl. She's funny and beautiful and
Now not only does my friend not liking me. He wants to fight me
I know I could take him if it came down to it. What do I do? Okay, Morgan
This fight is over
Johnny it's over
He lost you don't need to fight him. He lost in the sense that you're now dating his girlfriend
But he could still win
In a physical match. That's what I'm saying. I I think the real question here is what kind of time frame
We're looking at when you say he used to date her like he used to date her yesterday
Yeah, but no, I think the real question is how bigger is pythons if we're talking like a 20-inch Python what caliber gun he's got
Yeah, I what I'm saying is you this is a lose-lose situation for you. I mean
No, no lose-lose. It's a lose
It's a it's a lose-win that you don't have to enter into because if you lose this if you lose this fight
Then this dude gets to look beef in front of his ex-lady and maybe you'll lose her to him. It's very primal
It's oh, it's a biological nose. He knows he could take him if it came down to it
Oh
That's mind
Does he know in that way that guys like myself have never been it who've never been in a real fight think that?
Should they be in a real fight? They could probably beat anybody. I could take Jason Statham
so find your strength and then challenge him to that like perhaps a a
downhill ski race on the most dangerous mountain a
game of Battleship
Perhaps act like you pity him all the time. That is the only way to win just by God
That's very sad. Like I know you want to fight me but like I know you miss her
I'd miss her too if I lost her. Oh, that's great. Yeah, I like that a lot. It's tear him down inside out
That's a you're not gonna fight him make it seem like cuz it's too beneath you. Yeah, it's like oh, that's really fake
That was advocate though. You're cold playing your bro
That's your bro. And and you are kind of giving him the business
But all of these questions that are like a friend of mine and I did this to them or a friend of mine and they did
This to me. These people aren't friends. Yeah
You I feel like there's another
Advice podcast out there. That's like bizarro
My bim bam where the actual the people who are being transgressed upon
Go like my friends dating my friend now, and I'm sad all the time
It's not for winners who listen to this show yeah losers
Um Griffin, you want to give us a question? Yeah, sure. How about one from Yahoo?
Okay
This person's name is kind of offensive. So I'm not going to read it
Open question help wife dresses me in child's clothes. Oh
Man help wife dresses me in child's clothes. I have all the mr. Men t-shirts
I could own I look like a small child in a big body. I want a Motorhead t-shirt
How to point out the subtle difference without seeming ungrateful?
That is how adults dress
All I can think is he must look like right after Tom Hanks
Changes into the adult in big and like it's like whoa
Like all of a sudden you went from being six to ballooning up to being like 35 like an adult in a Motorhead t-shirt
Forget about suits and ties and button-ups
There it's just when you grow up you wear more adult t-shirts like Motorhead like Motorhead or other adult themes
Journey, I don't know about all this guys. I don't know
maybe he maybe he lacks maybe he's like
Maybe he's like John McCain. He can't dress himself because of his arms that he got broke
You're thinking about don't
Know McCain had it too. He had those arms that he couldn't you know
That's on the Republicans do to you before they let you run for president. Yes, they hobble your shoulder
Give you a kid mannequin arms. Hey, she changed your mind. We just hobbled you for life
It's gonna play really well
with our base
Our base loves hobbled men. I just give this good guy in my brother my brother me advice and making fun of veterans a
Good show this is
Tristan's our boy. Yeah, he's not a vet though yet. He's still up in it. He's a vet
He's an amateur. I think I don't think I don't think you're a vet until you get back and he ain't back
He's still up there crushing Osama's guts
I did you guys hear about the dude that like rolled up to Afghanistan with a sword and a pistol
He's like I'm here to decapitate Osama bin Laden
My first thought was yeah, Tristan. Yeah
What
My problem was they detained the guy
He's the guy I want over there yeah, we want people like that over there I went over there with a
boom box and some unlaced chucks and said I'm here to de-rap-i-tape
I saw him bin Laden give him my funkiest beats
No guys, nothing doing. Formspring someone on Formspring asked I'm on the job hunt in this tough economy and
Any advice on acquiring a job would be much appreciated as well as any advice for any job interviews. Ooh
Ooh, man
Travis you've had about nine jobs in the past year. Why don't you yes, I have
Well, the thing about applying for jobs in a tough economy is the difference between looking for a job and looking for a career
Because you can get a job at like McDonald's or Walmart
But that's not what most people are looking for
So if you're getting to a point where you're really strapped for cash, you got to lower them standards
Yeah
But just apply everywhere like you never know you have options. You never know who's gonna be hiring. Yeah
Job interviews goes just never break eye contact
Sweat as much as possible
As soon as you break eye contact you've lost it. You done fucked up. Don't forget to use your your connections, right if you got
friends family whoever who are
Business owners or no business owners ask if they're looking for anybody
Thank you. Um, and you can always just sex your way to the top sex your way to the top
I know we got this podcast hard and fast rule in job interviews
And it is number one rule as someone who has interviewed a bunch and interviewed people when you go into the job
Find out what the employees of that company are expected to wear every day then dress one step better than that
Mm-hmm
Never show up to an interview in jeans and a t-shirt never jeans never jeans never jeans are going to your boy for a retail
Location where they wear like khakis and a polo wear khakis and a dress shirt
Something like that so that you look like you actually care about getting the job
I know it seems like a good idea to walk in stab somebody and say well, I guess you got an opening
But um, it's it's not it's not a good idea it's a bad a patently bad idea
That's not the kind of person they want on the team. If nothing else watch
The Michael J. Fox movie. Oh, I fucked it up. What is it? The one way he does Oh back to the future
That's it. Good gag
the one about business
gag
Great great great anecdote associated question
Anecdote associated question
The Dan Shires asks on Twitter. Hey guys, how much is too much when bending the truth on a job application?
Do you get caught bro? You will get hot
No, I said till you get caught
They know you will you will get caught inevitably. It depends on the job, right? Like McDonald's at Burger King. Don't talk
They're not gonna like call and be like, is this guy good? Is he down?
The best is the truth. That's a special skills. I
Yeah
You know
What truth like do you want to pretend like you had a job that you didn't?
I mean if you have a friend who will lie and say that that they're their manager of a closed business like
Yeah, I mean you can get away at that. That's not tough
but I don't know that you want to get into a job where
They think you have some frame of reference that you don't have
Here's my advice come up with a bullshit term for the job that you did like first shift supervisor or something
But really you were just there by yourself
Because nobody checks that nobody calls and says was he the first shift supervisor
Just make up a job title for a job. You actually did but make it sound way more impressive
I say always list that you can juggle at TCBY whenever I put that on our resume
I always say that I was the chief yogurt tester when really it just meant that I sat around and ate a
Bunch of free yogurt, you know, they're close now, right TCBY. Good job. Oh, that's a shame. Good job
I didn't have a lot of it. How's that free yogurt now you cocksucker. It's not my body anymore
I had that job a long time ago. You made me sick. Is it okay to drink alone? Yep. Ask one angry Zeus
What is okay, I mean
It's probably it's not okay to get drunk alone. I
Don't think not on a regular basis. No, not on any basis
But I think it's okay to my friend Dwight says it's not drinking alone if you're talking on the internet. I
Think I think it's worse to say I want to drink I need to go get some people so I feel okay drinking
I think that's more of a statement than just drinking by yourself. Why don't I I mean
If you're drinking excess to get drunk by yourself, that's not good
if you're like want to unwind with a beverage your grown-ass man do it I
Call bevon sometimes sometimes and I there's nothing wrong with it because I enjoy a cold bev at the end of a long hot day
long hot day of what
Work, I'm working working. We do the same thing, right? That's what I make sure. Mm-hmm
But Griffin does it in a sauna
So I do it in a sauna and I do squats between every post and you don't bev at all all work
I know I'd stay dry dry as a popcorn
Dry as a what dry as a popcorn fart
Are you getting that going or is that yeah, I'm trying to get it spinning
We'll see this is really the first
It's the first outing the first time I've really really brought that really limited usage
No, no, no, it's it's there are a lot of occasions where it's appropriate. I am so
Just now on this podcast Yahoo Answers
Yahoo Answers user a 23 asks is it possible that a human turns into a monster like in the Resident Evil movie in a
future
There is a future in which that is possible his explanation. Okay, the big monster in the Resident Evil movie resulted from a genetic
Experiment in a human being well, I mean that's just science. Yeah
people are doing genetic experiments every day and one of these days they're gonna try and cure Alzheimer's and then
Giant monsters gonna come out or a gentle monster or a giant intelligent shark
What are there any answers to that and is there any people trying to get down on helping him out?
Let's see what people said
It is possible, but not likely at all. What the fuck is possible. It's possible
What do you mean? It's possible that it might turn that a human might turn into a monster because the genetic experiments
Yes, some of our ancestors apparently such as the
Meganthropus a type of homo erectus fossils sound like some scary individuals so we could devolve into
Giant horrifying cavemen basically
But those guys seem hilarious and all they do is you know
Shill car insurance not bowl. I make unfunny sitcoms
Really a movie apparently a hit movie fucking kidding me soon to be hit. Are you fucking joking with me?
Yeah, I'm gonna see that caveman film. I'll go see that
whatever
Sounds good. I'm in my early 20s and currently single my problem is that when I see an attractive girl
I cannot tell how old she is
Once I even started talking to girl right she was still in high school or oh
Which caused me to walk away immediately
Allegedly okay good. I'd like to like
out out how old never mind I
Just I actually just want to get my driver's license you said you're in high school get out
I really don't want to be labeled to some kind of pervert
If you guys have an easier way to tell the approximate age of a girl without simply walking out to her like a creeper
And just flat-out asking it would be much appreciated
Have you considered have you considered cutting her in half and counting her rings
Or is that all you can consider you sicko
Listen some people are just some people are age-blind and I I understand that it's not a problem that I have
I'm like a carny with my ability to guess people's age like to the month
um
But yeah, I don't know what to tell you DJ because you really can't just walk up there and be like hey
This this is your age. What is your age? Let me know cuz I'm let I win
I may try and start something
DJ I have and gas station approach where unless they look 35 assume. They're underage I
Have a question if I can call you Deej um
um
What is your life
Stra- I assume your worry is that you don't want to have sex with an underage girl cool
What is going on with your life strategy that you think there's a fairly good chance
You could end up boning down on a girl before you figure out what her like life
Situation is like before you figure out how old she is and stuff like what kind of chicken and egg situation
Do you have where that's your that's your approach also? Where are you meeting these women I?
Have no idea how old you are hey Justin Bieber concert
Hey, yeah, maybe don't maybe don't try and pick up chicks in the Dave and Buster's arcade room man
I love chicken nugget day. Do you guys love chicken nugget day?
You finish that school rule. What are you doing after this?
This is such a good place to come eat. I eat here like five times a week. It seems like what about you guys?
I want to get out of here. I've got cigarettes
This isn't a public playground. This is it. This is oh, this is actually attached to your school
So I should I shouldn't be here is what you guys like Boone's farm
I'll get you some Boone's farm. Hey if that older lady gets tired of pushing you on the swing. I'm happy to
On there you should look about the same age is that I'm sorry. This is a this is a mental problem
I have yeah, I know it's a mental problem. You're a pedophile DJ
But no wait. No DJ is a loyal my bim-bam listener. We can't be too hard on him because
Girls are getting older younger. You know I mean ma'am blue members what he is
Now get me J. I'm not talking about young boys though. No young girls. He just wants to get down with young girls
So he's not what their manager is
That's the best way to figure out if a girl is in high school versus college ask her what her major is
Yeah, she will say I am in high school. She'd be like a recess
I know I'm not I think I think DJ you would be helped enormously if you had a good if you had a pre-planned
Exit line for if the girl told you that she went to high school like if you knew what you were gonna
Do because I think that's your worry that it'll be awkward and and you just say so do you go to school?
And if she says I'm in high school you say like have you considered accepting Jesus Christ as your personal?
And then she'll say like what and you're like out. I was gonna say claim to be an undercover cop
Do you know where I can score some ecstasy?
Can you talk into my lapel
What's the best way to tackle writer's block aspects pixelated pixel rave it's pixel rated pixel rated
You
Can't actually tackle writer's block
That's that's the truth. You just get up absent. No no no no no you just have to give up on it for a little bit
And then come back later when you're not as blocked, and I've never had it when I have writer's block. I just write some shit
Sure, I just write shit that I've seen other people write before
writers walk for three years yeah
I think seriously though. I think 99% of the time if you have writer's block
You're actually just burned out because you've been doing what what you've been writing too much
That's a good. Yeah, that's true
You got to get up and and you know go do some other things and it may feel like a waste of time
But I work will improve
I believe that a lot of what we think of is traditionally think was creativity is really just
The the input that you take it in being sort of repurposed in your head and sort of sorting it out
so take in some like
Stimulating stuff like go see a
movie that's a little more challenging than something you normally watch or listen to some music that
You wouldn't normally listen to something kind of break your your rut and get that creative part of your brain flowing
I don't even think you can I don't think you can lose creativity as much as you can lose motivation
I think that's right. That's a lot of inspiration
You just gotta you know get away for a little bit. Just go away take a break do something else
I don't know if I'm a blank screen. I think I take a half hour break in the middle of the podcast
To get my juices flowing. Thank you
Yeah, here here rough edit in the middle. Let's sort of his left just like this
Yeah, he usually says peace. I usually say peace. Sometimes that makes it into the final cut. Hey him a bim-bam
I'm sorry. Good for you gonna read this question. Well, I was gonna read a yahoo answers question, but save it
I'm saving it up save it. Hey move in BAM. So I am a nice girl and I'm having trouble meeting a nice guy
I meet a lot of people but it seems for every one nice guy meet there are ten creepers hitting on me
What is this thing with creepers?
How do I find more quality men without having to deal with so many creepers?
With so many DJs
Creeping around asking where I go to school and if I want to accept Jesus
I like she says this I picture like a
Like a house of mirrors kind of situation where she's surrounded by eleven guys and she has to pick out the one nice guy from
The ten creepers. Hey, I are eleven guys hitting on you at the same time. I have a question form spring
How many nice guys do you need to meet?
One nice guy for every ten guys on average meeting eleven people you like one of them. How many do you want?
Burning through the nice guys. You're a man eater
You only need the one, you know
Nice guy. You only need the one unless you're getting into some big love shenanigans. Yeah that and then by all means
Just say just you know, ask them if they're a creeper if they laugh it off
Then they're probably nice guy if they're like, how old are you then they're a DJ
I'm just kidding or they are actually like a DJ. They are a DJ. They're a creepy DJ a creepy wedding DJ
Like that guy who slapped that that poor lady's bosoms
That's not gonna make any sense everybody has seen that fucking video
It's the most magical video. Um
but
We get this question a lot and it's so alien to me because I'm so used to it the other way
Yeah, right ten ladies
Everyone nicely. Hey, you know great place to meet people to meet to reconnect to connect for the first time to re reconnect after
You've disconnected. It's the
bim-bam
forum appreciation group on Facebook
So go to our webpage and bmb am calm and click on our Facebook group and there's there's a lot of nice
attractive people there
To meet there was a there's a pretty big thread on there the love and friendship connection thread
Which I had I adore and it's full. There's a lot of magic happening there
But I recently noticed that somebody started his own thread that says I need a girlfriend
He's taking a very a more direct approach to it and I wish him the best of luck. I like it. I
Honestly, I think it's great. You know, we call that go get him go attitude. Yeah attitude
Yahoo answers user. Oh, it's just an exclamation point. I'm gonna pronounce that
Hmm open question ladies if you found out that Prince William quote
Fancy to you and was interested in marriage. What would you say? And
Why lol, how serious would you take him and would you accept please explain?
I
Think I would just are you asking me? I mean, I that's that's usually what we do in these. I think
That it would it would be weird
I would hope you'd be tender
Let's quick pull do do any of us actually know who Prince William is and what he looks like
He's that cute one, right? He's the one but he dressed up like a Nazi one time right in a Halloween party. I
Remember seeing he's got a great sense of humor on the Sun
He'd be like he'd be like cool. Blimey, Justin. I'm totally into you
I think you just need to look at him and say that's not my bag, baby
Yeah, all right, can we just get two more minutes of straight awesome
Problem
That junk on blu-ray. I gotta get that it is
I trapped you
$90,000
Have you noticed the trend where women always end up with men?
Excluding McElroy's that are less attractive than them am I just doomed to spend money on makeup and a gym membership while my significant other
Has a receding hairline and computer pudge
Forms yes, I can see at first. I thought this question was from a man
Then it I realized it was from a woman and I took a significant turn hard. I don't know. I okay form spring. What's
Forget Travis and Griffin for a second. Just you and me talking. I
Think there's a good chance you're a lesbian now hear me out I
Think that what I was thinking in my head is I was reading this is it was from a guy
What I was gonna say is well, that's natural because you're gonna find guys more attractive
Guys less attractive because you're a dude and you're into ladies
But you're a lady who says that I mean if you accept the idea that most people are gonna pair off
What you're saying is that most women are more attractive?
than most men
But that's true, yes, I'm not even saying that from from
Right, but of sexual orientation. I'm saying
Dudes don't give as much of a shit as ladies give about their personal appearance
Leading to they're being far far more attractive women than there are men
What I'm saying is that the planet is being choked by overpopulation and it is biologically
Increasing the number of gay people to try to limit the population. It makes perfect biological sense
We have more think that this like from an evolutionary standpoint. Didn't that make perfect sense? What a beautiful
wonderful way of of of evening out the population of
Of the earth. It's an increasing adoptions. Yes. Yeah, and that's nice too. Lots of babies with good homes
I think it's wonderful, but you have to accept that's happening at an alarming rate. If this is this is
Yucky, right?
Sexy sexy right that this is happening and I think it's beautiful. I think it's I think it's wonderful
I just think that you are into girls and that's good. That's fine
That's fine. I think girls than do women are way more attractive than guys
Actually, this is a stone fact
Women are soft and nice and they smell good. Stop it. You're fucking grossing me
Gross gross what gross they taste sweet
I'm saying is that earth is making people gay
Eventually women are gonna get sick of how every man on earth is just a hideous ago beasts like
Who just fucking that does just sit on his his computer and and pick at is his dark spots
his places where the Sun doesn't come and and
Just gets uglier and grosser and and eventually women are just gonna be like, ah, fuck it
And they're gonna give up too. And then we're just gonna be a big
Stupid ugly planet of people. Well, this is the way the world ends not with a bang but with lesbians
Ugly ugly lesbians. No sexy lesbians and ugly dudes beautiful sexy lesbians that can't procreate to save their lives take over
Aren't they they are shit. They are
There's only one generation of them. How can we make this work for us?
You gotta get on board now cuz I don't wanna be the first one against the wall. I tell you what friends with the lesbians
That's what I do. I'll tell you the really scary thing
The really scary thing is that there's someone out there listen to this and they're like, yes
They have it all figured out. They crack the code
These McElroy brothers, they know what's up. They're being serious about the things they talk about. They know what's going on
Hey, and then we're on our way to a Nobel Prize
Nobel Prize here we go. Except the one person who thinks that is the Nobel Prize guy
Hi, this is dr. Nobel Prize
I like your thesis on lesbians. Yeah, lesbians and in the world
This is what this is why it's so sexy when girls make out is because you're looking at something dark and apocalyptic something
That you can't possibly fathom the gravity of you're touching the darkness
You've reached across the veil to see your end
Through the void!
Through the void! These girls are making out and you can see the inside
You're bathed in a lost arc like glow as your face melts off
Do you guys think it's gonna happen in our lifetime?
God, we can only hope
I hope so, that's the sexiest thing I've ever heard
I want that to be the last thing I see
I know, right? This is a chorus of girls making out
My wife and I...
Hey, do you remember before the show? When you were like, we have a lot of women listeners and we need to not
This is why!
This is why! Cause they love this
They're like, that was so sexy
Right now they're thinking about that, right now they're like, wow, what a sexy apocalypse
What if we just started the apocalypse?
We just planted the seed in everyone's head
Planted the seed of the apocalypse
Planted the seed in everyone's head
Planted the seed of the apocalypse
Everybody knows Ellen did that
My wife and I have an ongoing argument about the proper way to say you're making a room cooler
For example, she'll say I'm going to turn...
Okay, I say I'm going to turn the AC up
Whereas she believes you should say I'm turning the air down
Come on, what's wrong with her?
She's gotta know that I'm right and she's just BSing because she doesn't want to admit it, right?
What do you guys say? I'm trying to think
Divorce
Yeah
It's the only answer
No, no
I think I say I turn it, if it's too cold
I always say up
If I'm making it colder in the room, I'm going to turn it up
I'm going to turn the AC up
Right
Yeah
Yeah, that makes sense
Yeah, that makes sense
Or I'll say I'll turn the thermostat up
And that means it's getting hotter
This is a really complex question
There needs to be some sort of standard
Let's create
I always just yell, I'm going to turn up the heat
And then I slam dunk
Just be like, if you say it's too hot in this bitch, I'm going to fix it
Then people know what you're talking about, like they know what you're going to do
And then now this bitch is too cold
This bitch is cold
Too hot to handle, too cold to hold, you might say
Fix how chilly this bitch is
I can't stop thinking about the end of the world
Let's just take it to I'm going to adjust this
Take out all the prepositions
Oh, so it's sort of universal
It could go either way at that point
I'm going to alter the temperature in here, buckle up
I don't know what's going to happen
I'm going to affect this
So I want to get
Jesus Christ
Do they just get weirder?
Are we just turning into insane people as we record this show?
We're doing the show earlier and earlier
And I think that probably has an effect on it
We need to stop doing it at 2.30 in the morning
So I want to hear Griffin's last question that he's prepared for us
But first I want to tell you how you can seek our guidance
And maybe be told that you are A, a lesbian
Or B, a pedophile
These are the services we offer here
Just mail hardtruths at mmbam.com
A, a Lebophile
A Lebophile
Or Lebanese
Or Lebanese if you didn't know that
So you can email us
Mmbam at gmail.com
You can hop on our website
And get on our Facebook group that way
It's Mmbam.com
You can
We love seeing quotes from the show on Twitter
That's always funny
So Twitter that with the pound
Mmbam
Or at Mmbam
Guide people to us
Are there any other ways?
I have a great statistic
Tell me
On our forum spring
We just passed 300 questions
So many questions
And we've answered all of them
Which is the great part
300 questions
Thank you guys so much for listening
We're getting closer to 100k downloads
Oh man
Which is going to be a big big event in my life
I see on Twitter that
Mrs. Kat Mulvaney
Got her brother hooked on Mmbam
She's doing the Lord's work
If you want to get somebody hooked
On the fever that is Mmbam
We love that
We love it when you spread the word
And
Join the Facebook group
We're getting close to 1000 members there
Which is incredible
Subscribe, get your friends to subscribe
And leave a rating
We're slipping a little bit off of the iTunes page
So if you know anybody who works at iTunes
So you can be like
Let's start listening to this totally dope show
Then you know
You might become
Our number one fan
We'll grant you that title
So
God bless you
I guess is what I'm trying to say
God bless you
Can we end the show with that
From now on instead
God bless
It depends, how good is the question
Lily asks
Women's health
Sesame seed looking thing on my vagina?
I'm Justin McElroy
I'm Travis McElroy
And this has been my brother
My brother
You will never know me
You
