The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to a very special edition of My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
My name is Justin McElroy, and I'm your oldest brother.
My name is Travis McElroy, and I'm your middle-est brother.
I'm your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy. Boys, the fucking energy is electrifying in the studio
today. That's because we're all on fire waiting for our chance to see Kung Fu Panda 3. America's
favorite panda, Poe, is back. He's joined by Bryan Cranston as Lee. Dustin, a galaxy of stars.
A whole nebula of beautiful stars shining up there on the silver screen. I gotta say,
Kung Fu Panda 3 watch, it's been a while since we've had a watch before, yet, in a while. It's
been a while, and now here we are again, and I have to say congratulations Kung Fu Panda 3.
Didn't it come out like a month ago?
No, it's on right now. We're all waiting for our chance to see it.
I feel like I've been seeing previews for it for like two and a half years.
Oh, that's because they've got to build the heat, they've got to build the buzz. Travis,
in Hollywood, things are very competitive today.
Griffin, what can you tell me about what you know about the plot of Kung Fu Panda 3?
Well, following on the heels of Kung Fu Panda 2, the Dragon Shrine has been
disgraced by the ape colony, and they will have a big fight, and Lucy Liu is a snake in it, and she-
We seem to have lost Griffin, so fully pumped with the energy.
Guys, I just got so excited, this electrifying energy. My throat literally closed up,
and I couldn't breathe for a full 30 seconds.
Do you have your EpiPen? Your Kung Fu Panda 3 branded EpiPen?
Yeah, it shoots ramen broth into my veins.
That's the thing, right? That he is both a Kung Fu master and a chubster.
Is that the whole point of the three movies?
I am so excited about Kung Fu Panda 3. I have yet to watch one and two, but I really feel like
three is the one that's going to get me into this franchise.
Are you worried that you'll be lost, Justin, like when I just saw The Matrix 3?
A lot of people have been asking me,
Justin, is Kung Fu Panda 3 a good entryway to the series?
And as somebody who has not seen Kung Fu Panda 1 or 2, but is very excited about 3-
Also has not seen 3 yet, because again, gang, it's been out for a couple days.
Who's got the time?
Just haven't made it, but the fire is electrifying.
But my answer to that question is an unqualified yes.
This is the place for new fans.
I feel like a new generation is about to fall in love with Po, that beloved Kung Fu Panda.
I always like to believe that Kung Fu Panda 3 was a bit of a reboot for the series,
much grittier, much darker.
It's the first one to have an R rating.
The other ones really skirted it with a really hard PG-13.
Yeah, the Fu stands for fucking.
Yeah, and this is the first one that really leans into the original source material.
And if I get full frontal panda nudity-
Well, that's always been the whole franchise.
Panda don't wear pants.
Yeah, but this time you actually see his dong.
You can see his dong through the whole thing, I've been led to believe.
Haven't caught it yet, but do you think-
Well, they're not going to show it in the previews, Justin.
They're not going to give away the cow when you get the dong for free.
Oh my God, guys, right now, stop what you're doing and find a poster of Kung Fu Panda 3.
I'm going to drop a link for my brothers here in our Skype chat.
If you could just look at that poster real quick and imagine his dong was there.
It's the greatest poster that has ever been or ever will be.
I understand this is a visual gag.
It's too important.
Okay, but no, yeah, it would be, yeah, it's literally him sitting.
He's got his legs spread, balancing between two pillars as what looks like six children
look up like perfectly where-
You know what?
You don't even need to have the dong on this poster.
There's six children looking up into either his dong or his asshole.
They can see through him.
The children in this poster are looking at his gaping butthole.
They're all baby burning underneath his gaping butthole.
One dude is literally mouth agape at his gaping butthole.
This spiritual sequel to The Human Centipede takes Poe in the role of the nutrient provider
and the baby pandas as those who are gobbling up the sweet, sweet food.
Are you reading this from the IMDB page, Justin?
Yeah, this is from the credits narration.
Oh, the scroll.
This is the scroll that goes up before the film.
I'm just so fucking excited to see this movie.
I'm so fucking excited to see Kung Fu Panda 3 as soon as I get the opportunity, gang.
I went to Hong Kong last year and I saw an actual panda and you know what I did?
I yelled fuck you at it because it's not my Poe.
I said not my Poe.
I'm most excited about Jackie Chan in the film.
Absolutely.
And is it live action Jackie Chan like Michael Jordan in Space Jam?
It's like Cool World, Jackie Chan edition.
But if Jackie Chan dies in Kung Fu Panda 3, does he die in the real world?
Any world with Jackie Chan in it is a cool world.
It's like who framed Jackie Chan except nobody can because how are you going to stop him?
He just chopped that frame to bits, chopped it to matchsticks.
Hey Travis.
Yes?
Rank them.
Good question, Justin.
I'm going to say one, two, and three.
You're counting.
Rank them.
Okay, two, three, and one.
And to provide some justification for your rankings.
Okay, well I'm going to say two because it's my favorite and then three because it's my
second favorite and then one because it's my third favorite.
Okay, perfect.
That's excellent.
Griffin, rank them.
Oh shit.
Dustin Hoffman, Seth Rogen, Kate Hudson, James Hong.
Oh.
Okay, fuck, marry, kill, Jack Black, Poe, Poe with Jack Black's head.
God.
Oh, well, I would probably fucking kill all of them.
We are just so excited about Kung Fu Panda 3.
Just so excited.
The electricity in the studio is electrifying.
We're on fire here for this film.
Bryan Cranston was a breaking bad and he could have done anything.
You know what he did?
Several things.
And then after those, do you know what he did after those?
A couple more.
And then you know what he did?
Kung Fu Panda 3.
Okay.
Actually, it says on his IMDB page, he ran out of things to do and started back at the
beginning again with Kung Fu Panda 3 because Bryan Cranston is a flat circle.
Bryan Cranston wept because there are no more countries to conquer.
He said, fuck it.
It's time for me to get up in the panda mix.
And so he did it.
Oh, God, I'm fucking raging hard on for this flick, guys.
Just like Poe.
Hey, let's go not to the money zone because we haven't earned that.
But let's do some advice.
Okay, sure.
Sounds good.
I guess I'll close this picture of Kung Fu Panda now.
Here's my first piece of advice.
Get a ticket today to go see Kung Fu Panda.
See it in 3D.
See it in 1D.
You'll still enjoy it.
It's just a line.
It's just a line of changing color.
And sound, that glorious sound, which is like a fifth dimension because you'll be teleported.
Jesus, Justin, you're right.
What?
Sound is the fifth dimension.
Hey, why are we just now figuring this out?
You're welcome.
Gravity waves, shmavity waves.
I say go see Kung Fu Panda 3.
It's got gravity in it.
It's got gravity and it'll take you to the sound dimension.
And it's got gravity toss.
It's got gravity toss.
It's so important.
So important.
So important.
I wish this movie had a smell so I could smell it.
Find the right theater.
Or the wrong one.
Hey.
Read a question.
Here's some.
I will read a question.
I'm just really excited right now about Kung Fu Panda 3.
You need a distraction.
Is that what it is?
Is it the 10 solid minutes of talking about Kung Fu Panda 3?
I'm not sure we've got the 10 solid minutes of expressing our excitement about Kung Fu Panda 3.
I'm using new recording equipment and I can't tell exactly where it started.
No, we're at 10.
Are we at fully 10?
Like I don't want to tell people.
Okay, let me say this.
Poe would never promise to use Kung Fu on someone and then not do it in front of an audience.
And vice versa, I don't want to promise 10 minutes of unadulterated Kung Fu Panda 3
excitement and then not deliver it in the final recording.
That's a great point.
So if there's anything, Griffin, any stitch of audio you think you might edit out from
the previous 10 minutes, please, please let me know.
The only part that I'll edit out is- I'll bloatgate more about the adventures of Poe and Ko.
Poe and Ko sequel.
The only part I'll probably edit out is where I talked about how this,
my excitement for this film had given me a raging hog.
Raging hog is my favorite of the Kung Fu Panda crew too.
He's like a mean old, mean old Mongolian pig man.
It's slippery snake, raging hog.
Hot cock.
Throbbing cock.
Throbbing cock.
Whistling clam.
Rabid weasel.
Listen, hey listen-
Penis, penis Tom.
This is unexpected and perhaps a little unprecedented in cinema,
but I am so excited about Kung Fu Panda 3 that I want a sequel to Kung Fu Panda 3.
I don't want Kung Fu Panda 4.
You want Kung Fu Panda 3 2.
I want Kung Fu Panda 3 2.
Yes.
Is that possible?
Cool.
Anything's possible in this crazy, weird, holly weird.
Okay, so I answer some questions now.
I'm just really, it's really hard for me to-
Well, let's give it a try and we'll see like how it goes.
If I offer a coveted ticket to an event for free to someone,
how long should I give them to respond?
I had someone him and Hoffer weeks before-
Before taking the ticket to Kung Fu Panda 3.
That's what the ticket, why did it have to be about a ticket?
Because now I can think about is, let me just,
I'll just insert it so my mind doesn't wander, okay?
Okay.
I'm watching a trailer in another window.
Let me just pause it, hold on.
Wait, I've got three of them going simultaneously.
So let me put a different part.
So they're looping endlessly.
Let me just pause.
Okay, okay, okay.
All right, I got them all close.
Well, minimized so I can still hear them.
If I offer a coveted ticket to Kung Fu Panda 3
for free to someone, how long should I give them to respond?
I had someone him and Hoffer weeks before
giving me a response about going to Kung Fu Panda 3
with a free hotel room provided.
Oh man.
Now to be fair.
To be fair here.
That movie is so good, it really took it out of me.
I need to go to sleep right now.
Well, we provide hotel rooms.
To be fair, that is, it was actually regarding Comic-Con
and a free hotel room, hundreds and hundreds of dollars
as opposed to the 12.95 to see Kung Fu Panda 3.
In 2D?
I mean, you're gonna be paying, okay.
You pay extra for 2D?
Yeah, I would.
How many D's you want?
You're gonna get them all in Kung Fu Panda 3D.
Another friend waited a week to tell me
they couldn't make it to a music festival.
That's from Irritated Altruist.
So this is crazy.
First of all, Comic-Con with a free hotel room
is, that's what, like a G?
That's like one stack easily?
Yeah.
That's like great.
That's an enormous thing to give to somebody for free.
If they're not like shoot from the hip and be like,
yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
A thousand dollars, thank you, yes.
At the very least, they could take it and resell it
and get that stack.
I feel like you're so within your rights
after like three days to just say like,
hey, I need to hear back on this.
If you can't do it, I'll ask someone else.
I think you can grindstone a little bit.
It's worth, if there's a value on it,
I think it's worth giving them a timetable
when you make the offer.
If there's any hemming and hawing, just say,
hey, I need you to let me know in like three days
because if not, I'm gonna get somebody else to go with me.
And because I think that offering a timeline later,
it feels like, I think that you're,
I think it makes you seem desperate for like,
considering the fact that you're giving someone a gift,
you shouldn't have to do that.
You shouldn't have to establish a timeline later.
They should just be accepting it, going for it.
And there's a really, you get to use the sentence,
I really need to figure this out,
which is a really official sounding sentence,
but doesn't actually imply any kind of consequences.
It's not like, I got Jim breathing down my neck, man.
I really gotta figure this out.
So if after like three days, you can just be like,
yeah, I really need to get this figured out.
Are you able to go?
Cause if not, I need to like figure something else out.
You know what?
I'm about to tell a pretty hard line on this.
You give them 30 fucking seconds.
This is a $1,000 trip I'm offering to take you,
my best friend, Kyle, to.
You have 30 fucking seconds to make up your mind
because this is a wonderful opportunity.
And if you don't jump at it now.
Okay.
When someone asks me if I wanna do something,
when I say, let me look at my schedule and figure it out,
I'm lying.
Almost all the time, I'm lying.
I think everybody is, right?
Like if you're into something,
and you're like into it right away, you just say yes.
And the other things are like,
they'll figure it out around that.
If I say, let me think about it.
Let me look at my schedule.
What I'm saying is, let me talk to my wife
and see if she can help me cook up a pretty good lie
for why I can't go to your thing.
Like she won't let me lie,
but she'll help me come up with a reason why I can't.
Because I need that sometimes to help sort through these things.
Or my wife will convince me,
hey, this is something you should probably do.
It'd be good for you to do it.
But either way, it means let me talk to my wife about it.
I don't need to talk to my wife.
And that's not necessarily a reflection on you,
the question asker, whether they wanna go with you.
Sometimes just committing to something in the future
like gives me such panic attacks of like,
yeah, but what if something happens?
But what if like in a month, somebody tells me
I need to do blah, blah, blah.
You know what I mean?
Like, it's not always like,
oh, I don't wanna go with Joan.
Sometimes it's like, okay,
but like, do I wanna commit to something three?
Like I sat on like buying concert tickets
for like 20 minutes just going, but who knows the future?
I did the opposite.
I accidentally bought 17 tickets to Carly Rae Jepsen
this coming weekend.
You just kept clicking?
I just kept doing it over and over again.
Cause I was like, what if I lose the first 16?
What would you rather have?
Would you rather have someone him and haw for like two weeks
or have someone say yes immediately
and then like a week before the event be like,
hey, I can't go and now you're fucked.
Oh, that's a good point, Travis,
because the side effect of them answering too quickly
might be that they have to bail and that's the worst, right?
Yeah, so I feel like you have to find a balance
between those two of like, here's your timeline.
So it gives me enough time to ask other people
because especially if it's like, listen,
it's four months till Comic-Con or whatever,
I need an answer and then versus like, okay,
well I have three days till Comic-Con to find someone else
to go with now.
I tell you if you, oh, sorry, go ahead, Griffin.
I'll tell you if you really wanna get good
at making these kinds of distinctions,
plan a wedding, cause that is literally
just like 150 times.
Just like, hey, you wanna come get like fucked up
and eat some sick food and dance to some dope tunes
with me and my newly betrothed.
And then you'll get like, let me sit on that
for a month and a half.
Oh, the happiest day of your life?
Let me just sit on that.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll totally be in there.
Yeah, totally, five days before the event.
Can't make it, guess you have to throw that food
in the yard.
Guess you have to pour that wine down the toilet.
I think the better approach is to not ask people
way out in advance because for me,
the likelihood that I'll accept an offer like this
actually grows as it gets close to the event
because then I think it starts to take on the fun
of spontaneity.
One time I was going to a murder mystery
with a bunch of friends and I had two friends
who had an illness in the family
and they had to bail like 24 hours before.
And my friend Michael Beck lives in Indiana
and I called that thug the morning of and said,
hey, get in your car and start driving to Ohio.
You're going to a murder mystery this weekend.
And that dude did it.
He found an Ascot and that weekend he ended up running
from a guy in a werewolf costume.
So these things do pan out sometimes.
Wait, what?
Yeah, it was a whole crazy story that we'll have to tell.
It's the most scared I've ever been in my entire life.
Okay, no, but I don't want us to get too deep into it,
but I do want to say like,
that's not a good murder mystery.
The werewolf done did it.
The werewolf was a rogue member.
He was not associated with the company
putting on the murder mystery.
He was, if you will, a lone wolf.
Yeah, okay.
And he scared me in a gypsy camp
and I ran silently through the woods.
I ran into a tree, but he could not find me.
I was very proud of myself.
You cover your tracks.
You put them in a tiger pit.
The one last thing I want to say about this.
I also pretended that a gun I had
had magical wolf killing powers
because once a werewolf shows up,
you're playing Calvin Ball.
The rules of the murder mystery done fell away.
The best laid plans of mice and men
just go straight down the turret
when a werewolf rolls up.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Can I take a quick sidebar?
Yeah.
It's not about Kung Fu Panda 3.
That's not true.
Though it is about cinema.
I would say now top three discussions
that we've had on My Brother, My Brother, Me
and we never circle back around to things on this show.
It is actually a part of the DNA of this program
that we never look back.
No, it is a linear march through time.
We had our necks removed.
But I have to say the conversation
that we've gotten perhaps the most,
at least top three feedback
in the entire history of this show
has been our conversation about Travis's experience
watching Night at the Museum crew with three mics.
Folks, we had like Freddie Wong,
who is an actual person
who is making video professionally
create a fabrication, a lie to support Travis's story.
There are people creating fake web pages.
There are people who reshot Malcolm in the middle scenes
to try to justify it.
Frankie Munoz came out of retirement
to shoot Malcolm in the middle scenes.
I don't know who the fuck,
like who's leading this worldwide Illuminati conspiracy
just to troll me and Justin.
And the crazy thing is everybody's been saying like,
Travis, you've been vindicated.
I also thought I was making it up.
Yeah.
I also believed it was a fever dream
brought on by Ben Stiller's amazing performance
in Night at the Museum.
In case you didn't listen last week,
Travis on Night at the Museum 3
and could swear that the film was framed in such a way
that he was seeing like boom mics
and stuff through the entire page.
Well, let's not rewrite history.
It's Night at the Museum 1.
I have never nor will ever see Night at the Museum 3.
They know what they did.
Let me just say this
because the thing we've heard is
there's a thing called
according to this fucking worldwide conspiracy thing
called open matting
where the fucking projectionists
are apparently supposed to put up the letter box around it.
And if they don't put it up right,
you see the wires and shit.
That's the joke we said on the thing.
That's the most ridiculous thing ever.
People would film this shit and be like,
uh, cameraman, are you sure?
Because there's like-
Yeah, some 18 year old drunk kid will take care of it.
Yeah, don't worry guys.
We got it 90 yards down the field.
Drunk Brian,
drunk 16 year old Brian's gonna get it the rest of the way.
He's gonna run it into the insert.
While he's playing with his nunchucks.
We put $6 trillion into the making of Avatar.
I think Brian's got it.
Do you think that if you saw Avatar like this,
that the bottom of the screen,
you'd just see like James Cameron's legs
as he's moving puppets around and shit?
You would see the Navis like,
like bottom of their torsos
and it's just not painted blue.
It's just like a regular fleshy torso
and like a regular non-blue genitals.
I'm not even wearing my Navi pants down here, guys.
Let's loosen up.
Casual Friday, Brian's got it.
You see the hand up Yoda's ass,
like making it talk.
Like this is the worst Star Wars I've ever seen.
And you see the puppeteer's other hand
like making a fake jerk off motion on the Yoda puppet.
Like, I get it.
Don't worry, Brian will get this.
What the fuck?
Holly weird.
Do you think if we open Kung Fu Panda 3,
we'll see like Jack Black underneath Poe?
Like doing the lines down here.
Just writing tenacious D lyrics.
Yeah, oh fuck.
So Travis was lying.
Please, please, please, please, please.
God, you're embarrassing yourselves.
And stop sending us these Malcolm in the Middle screencaps.
I mean, I love good Malcolm in the Middle jokes
as much as anybody, but fuck.
I don't think it's really glossy JPEGs
with Malcolm in the Middle.
You can just zip those right over to my inbox.
Yeah, just zip drive those up,
put them on a jazzy drive,
and just flip those over to us, please.
I will say there was one of these
that showed Dewey standing
and it's the most mental thing I've ever seen.
This weird Dewey homunculus
standing next to Frankie Muniz.
Holy shit.
Yeah, it's as though someone was-
What was the kid who played Dewey doing
that you couldn't be in that shot?
Yeah.
Is it on me?
No, then I'll be in my fucking trailer.
Get Dennis out here.
And listen, if you guys get the matting wrong,
I'll fucking kill you.
I have it in my contract.
I'm Dewey, damn it.
It's as though someone is filming Malcolm in the Middle
and behind them,
someone is sweeping Malcolm in the Middle.
Like they're creating their own Malcolm in the Middle fan film
directly in the same shot.
This one was sent in by Morgan Davey.
Thank you, Morgan.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Wade, who asks,
can anyone recommend some good weightlifting music?
I'm making a playlist of workout songs
for my high school weight room
and I need some great heavy metal songs
with great pump-up riffs and heavy drums.
Nothing from the 80s, please.
Late 90s to modern day, please.
YouTube links would be appreciated.
No rap, pop, hip hop, or techno.
Nothing from the 80s?
Go fuck yourself.
Yeah, I mean, there's a lot of restrictions on here
that this person can go fuck themselves about.
Does weird outfit into this?
Now, explain.
I think they would make really good pump-up jams.
Yes, okay, I respectfully disagree.
Fair enough.
What about, when were the Scorpions?
They're actually, they're modern day.
They're describing like once,
it's like they want you to back into one song.
Like they have one song in mind.
Across my weightlifting bridge,
you must answer this riddle.
How about this?
If you're trying to get sick gains,
then might I recommend Chris Gaines?
The heaviest of metals.
Fuck heavy metal.
No, let's put that restriction in the garbage
because if that's the case, then we're not gonna get anywhere.
We know how to get this person's sick gains
better than anybody.
And that is to listen to the sweat pumping,
muscle grinding, rock riffs of Chris Gaines.
That was the whole point of Chris Gaines, right?
Because Garth Brooks said,
okay, well, I can't do the heavy rock that I want to.
So he Stefan Erkeld himself and made Chris Gaines.
So Chris Gaines could do the rock anthems
that he had been dreaming of.
The greatest regret of my life
is that this program was not in production
while the Chris Gaines saga was unfolding.
Oh, Jesus.
My dream actually, I want our max fun bonus episode
to be a alternate reality episode
released the week that Chris Gaines is like on SNL
and behind the music.
And can you imagine while it's happening?
Because I am so sad that I was not talking.
Do you know that this fool said Chris Gaines
was from Australia?
Can you imagine being in his management entourage group
when fucking G Brooks is like, guys, I've got it.
Guys, guys, got this sick idea.
He said he's from Australia.
First off, you're not only locking yourself
into like making this alter ego.
If you do an interview, you have to,
like Garth Brooks is like,
oh fuck, they have, they talk different, don't they?
Shit.
Okay, hold on.
Give me a second.
Let me try to cook.
Shrimp on the barbie.
Like Garth, no.
Hello there, it's me, Chris Gaines.
No way, Garth Brooks.
Can I pivot a little bit?
Why do people work out?
Why do people get those sick gains
to get those fucking glistening fish lifters?
I'm only calling them Chris Gaines from now on, by the way.
All I want in the gym is Chris Gaines.
Is it to impress people that they would like
to engage in sexual Congress with?
That's probably part of it, right?
But there's a lot of different ways that you can do that.
I think for the most part, it is an intimidation, right?
You make yourself bigger to scare.
I mean, this is basic wilderness shit.
You make yourself big to scare off a predator.
So you wanna make yourself big
so you can intimidate people and get fucking power plays
all over the place.
If that's the case, I think you carry that whole aesthetic
over to the gym while you're trying to get Chris Gaines.
To that extent, why not just put on a song on a big speaker
that's just gonna sort of freak everybody out
while you're getting your gains
and sort of attract attention to yourself
and you are enjoying it and getting Chris Gaines
to a song that maybe people don't understand
and maybe they're scared of that.
Maybe just say anything, the whole thing,
and you're just lifting the speaker over your head
and that's how you're doing your curls.
You're getting your Chris Gaines
by blasting Chris Gaines over your head and just screaming.
Chris Gaines is too obvious a choice.
I'm saying we keep it weird.
I'm saying what about you're doing some deadlifts
to the theme song to the cartoon show Bobby's World.
Okay.
You're like crunching it
and you've got a lot of crunching some bars
and it's just like, oh, fuck yeah.
Oh yeah.
Some big gains today, boys.
Sounds like a guy masturbating to Bobby's World theme.
Yeah, it can be both.
Yeah, with 61.
It is kind of a, I mean, I will say this.
It's kind of a horrifying theme song.
Like it's kind of really scary.
Out of context, it's very like Tim Burton's clown nightmare.
Yeah, if you slowed that down like a half beat,
I think you would have something very, very terrifying.
Put it in like a minor key
and then you just hit the fucking everyday fitness
and get some fucking fish lifters.
What if you just played books on tape over the sound system?
What book?
What book?
What book?
What book?
What book?
This is good.
This is Travis to really stick.
Okay, yeah.
Eat, pray, lift.
Like that, pray, lift.
Dear God, please let me get gains today.
Oh, thank you.
Will you please, I've told you this before,
don't pray with your mouth full.
It's rude to me, it's rude to God.
You want to go to the Money Zone?
Hell yeah.
If you want to see a great website, maybe the best one ever,
go to mackleroyshows.com
and you're going to see a modern work of like art,
I guess art, maybe, is it?
Yeah, art.
It's art and science.
And commercialism and capitalism and like big business
and fuck boys, we sold out.
We did it.
Travis, how hard was it to make a site with Squarespace?
Honestly, Justin, and I'm not just saying this
because they are our sponsors this week,
it was the easiest fucking thing in the world.
And not just easy to do, but easy to make look really nice
because they had amazing templates.
And it was a lot of it was just like,
okay, I'm going to type in this thing.
And then they took that information
and turned it into a really polished sharp looking website.
We've got a website that I can't recommend it enough
how much I loved working with Squarespace
and how many compliments I've gotten on it.
Yeah, it looks pro and it's not that hard to do.
You can start your free trial today.
Visit squarespace.com slash my brother.
You should Squarespace.
I want to talk about me undies wearing them right now.
I've got those lounge pants.
It is like a blanket.
Did you get those Keith Haring Valentine's Day designs?
Of course, I got those Keith Haring Valentine's Day designs.
I wore them and I felt, can I just say something?
And this may turn some people off.
I felt sexy all day.
I felt-
I'm more worried it may turn some people on.
I'm not worried about that at all.
I felt grown sexy.
I felt-
You're a grown boy.
I felt terrific like a grown sexy lad.
Like Poe in Kung Fu Panda 2 when he finally-
Except with your dong covered.
Yes, please.
Nothing can describe the fit and feel of me undies.
They are dedicated to providing
the world's most comfortable underwear
and you have to experience them for yourself.
Every single week we hear from listeners
who finally took the plunge and got the me undies
and they're never going back.
When I wear non me undies, I feel like a criminal.
That should go to jail.
I feel like I should go to jail.
I feel like I've been like a bad lad.
Shipping is free in the US and Canada
and you can save up to $8 per pair
with the me undies subscription plan.
You can get the subscription or a single pair.
You get 20% off your first order
when you go to meundies.com slash my brother.
That's meundies.com slash my brother
for 20% off your first order.
Men, women, everybody matching underpants, go do it.
Go get it.
Go get it.
We also have another message here.
How can people get messages on our show, Travie?
Oh, you can go to maximumfun.org forward slash Jumbotron.
That's a great question, thank you.
Can I tell you about Photo Jojo?
Oh yes, I love Photo Jojo.
The bad guy from fucking Powerpuff Girls?
No, that's his brother.
Okay.
Photo Jojo has photography gear for everyone
because everyone has a camera in their pocket these days.
From nifty little lenses that attach to your phone
to the latest instant camera from Polaroid.
Yep, they still make them.
To cute camera straps and backup phone batteries.
Go check out all this great stuff at photojojo.com.
That's photo, like the word photo.
Jojo, J-O-J-O.com.
Use the coupon code MIDDLIST to save five buckarinos.
Plus it took a lot to convince my coworkers
that this ad would be money well spent.
Show them I'm right, min-bam-binos.
The cutest thing they got is they have sort of a battery
that plugs into your phone to charge it up.
It's called apple juice,
and it looks like a little container of apple juice.
It's fucking adorable.
I think we, Teresa got that, right?
Photo Jojo sent us some cool stuff.
Teresa got the apple juice.
There's really like super cute stuff,
really neat accessories.
And like if you want to take better photos with your phone,
which is still a standard, you can do that by the way.
That's wild.
And not just phone stuff.
They have camera equipment too.
Photojojo.com, coupon code MIDDLIST.
Can I tell a quick little vignette?
Yeah.
I was at a wedding this past weekend in New Orleans,
and it was cute.
They had the guest book,
and then right next to the guest book,
they had like one of these instant Polaroid cameras
that take like the little pictures, little guys.
And then they had another book
that you would just like slide those into
and like write your names right next to your picture,
your little Polaroid selfie.
But we were like an hour into the wedding
and we realized nobody had used it yet.
And so me and Rachel were like,
well, the people who play in this wedding
probably like wanted people to do this.
So like, let's just like get it started.
So people will feel more comfortable.
And then we did it.
We took a picture of ourselves and put it in the book
and signed it.
And then like a half hour went by
and I started to get legitimately worried
that we would be the only people to do it.
And then our like wedding present to them would be like,
here's a book with a picture of us only in it.
Happy wedding.
It's the Griffin and Rachel book for us at your wedding.
It's us though.
It is us though.
It's your wedding, your special day,
but it's our fucking book.
Do you think about just filling it
with pictures of you and Rachel?
Didn't think about that,
which would be another fun gift for anybody.
Anybody would love that.
I got a message for Thomas
from Sierra Madden Puppy and Piggy.
It says, happy birthday.
I wrote you a haiku.
Here we go.
My dungeon master,
you are the Tom to my Gronk, Mandy Patinkin.
I feel like at the end they just needed,
they were maybe short on this.
Justin, everyone knows that in a haiku
you have to either have a reference to like spring,
the nature, weather, or Mandy Patinkin.
You're talking about Kigo.
Of course.
Yeah, I guess I am Griffin, but aren't we all?
The traditional Kigo are,
you know, they're relating to the current season.
So something like leaves, flowers, renewal, sunshine,
Mandy Patinkin, because fucking Homeland
is about to start up again.
People still on that tip, huh?
He's just, get one of his albums,
singing Broadway show tune.
Kidults, don't mind if I do buy a copy
of Kidults right now on Amazon,
cause I can't find mine.
Probably cause I gave it to a dear friend.
And another exciting announcement.
I committed kidultry, unfortunately.
Everybody who has a question read
or a message on today's show
will receive a free ticket to go see Kung Fu Panda 3.
Just email me, Justin at teengoogle.com
and I'll make sure you get, I'm not fucking with you.
I will make sure you get enough Fandango cash
to go see Kung Fu Panda 3.
If you use it for anything else, I'll fucking know.
Wait, that's only if you have a question
right on the show, not if you just email Justin.
Yeah, no, if you have a question right on the show
or one of those messages from you,
then please let me know
and I'll make sure you get your ticket to Kung Fu Panda 3
and you gotta go fucking see it if I'm gonna do the thing.
I wanna see a ticket stub.
You guys said we wanna see pictures of you
at the movie theater.
I will end you.
Holding the ticket stub, torn ticket stub.
If you go fucking see Deadpool,
I'll spend all my days trying to burn.
I will salt the earth.
I will call your place of employment
and say horrible lies.
Don't think that you're gonna like outthink Justin
and say like, oh, I can think of a funnier thing
to do with this fan date.
No, there is nothing funnier you can do
than go see Kung Fu Panda 3
and then let Justin know what you thought of it.
This is an important question, Justin.
Will you be paying enough for them to see it in 3D IMAX
or just for your basic 2D version?
I'm not made of money, it's a basic 2D version.
This film is certified fresh, 81%.
Please stop fucking around
and go see Kung Fu Panda 3 in theaters now.
We are not in any way paid to do this.
I cannot make this clear enough.
This is not native marketing
or whatever the fuck it's called.
We're just fans.
We're just fans of Kung Fu Panda 3
despite never having seen one of the films.
I've seen the first.
I have seen, I think, an episode of the TV show.
Is that Jack Black or is that a Jack Black-alike?
I think it's probably just like his brother, Jack Brown.
You idiot.
Let's be honest, we live in a world with too much media.
You need a podcast on the front lines,
figuring out what's great.
We're here for you.
We're Pop Rocket.
I am Guy Branham.
I'm a comedian.
I'm Wynton Mitchell.
I call myself a digital strategist.
I'm Oliver Wang, academic and disc junkie.
Margaret Wappler, je suis es journaliste.
And we watch, listen to, and read everything
so that you don't have to.
And then we tell you about all the things
that you'll love to love.
Find us in iTunes or wherever you download podcasts.
Pop Rocket, every Wednesday from MaximumFun.org.
I'm a fashion student.
I love clothes and putting together outfits.
But like you often say, a ship in harbor is safe.
And sometimes I mess the heck up.
And if this happens in BD, I'll go change.
But my friends and fam now make fun of me
for times when they've seen me in two or three outfits
in a day.
I paint, sew, and go out pretty often.
So it's not just from sartorial floop ups.
My question is, how are people not doing this?
Are some people just okay with being uncomfortable
socially or physically with their outfits?
Do I have a problem?
Not currently in the nude in the North XX.
So this person will often change clothes
multiple times throughout the day.
Oh, okay.
Got it.
No.
I mean, no.
I have like a uniform basically.
You realize we're three Dugs.
Like basically three Dugs.
I got some t-shirts.
I got some jeans.
I got some cowboy boots.
And that's what I call my Travis.
That's all the accessories that come with the Travis doll.
I have never worn khaki pants where I did not first
have a thought, where the fuck are my khaki pants?
Like that's every time.
They were not at the ready.
Yeah, I do not have them like ready to go.
At this wedding I went to last weekend,
I brought my wedding wear.
And then I found out there was a cocktail party
the night before and was like, yeah,
you should wear something nice for that.
I was like, well, that's going to be a problem
because I have wedding Griffin and that's just it.
I don't have a cocktail party Griffin style.
I, Teresa was telling me her father has every day
that she's known him, when he gets home from work,
he immediately like walks in the door.
And the first thing he does is changes every stitch
of clothing to like his home wear.
And I love this, like socks, like everything.
He's doing it in the Japanese style.
Yeah, he's like sloughing off work
in a very physical real way that I think is a pretty cool move.
I don't get that move because I'm at home
in pajama pants all day.
So I can't be like, oh, another tough one.
Oh, the old rat race trying to put on some comfier clothes.
I wish I had the dedication to do that.
I wish that I did have, we've talked about this,
I mean, literally last week.
I wish I had the dedication to wear something
like more stern and restrictive
to just have that freedom at the end of the day.
You put on a tie every day.
It's important to note, I want to make it clear
that when I talk about my father-in-law,
he's not like changing into pajamas.
He gets home, he changes into other regular clothes
that you could then go out back into the world in
and then changes again for bed.
So he's like got work outfit, home outfit, sleep outfit.
I think that's pretty cool.
And his casual yukata, a kimono worn in the casual times.
I don't want to part the kimono,
but that's what Travis' dad-in-law wears.
Griffin, do you have another yahoo for us?
Yes, how about this one?
It was sent in by Level 9000 Yajuru Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew Davenport.
The Poe of Humans.
Big, imposing, kind, loving, excellent at kung fu.
Dick out.
Dick always out.
24 seven.
24 seven dick out bonanza.
I'm not going to tell him how to do his thing though
because obviously he knows what's up.
Thank you, Drew Davenport.
It's by yahooanswersuser.
Steffi who asks, please, I need to know how to start
with Popeye the Sailor Man eulogy for my speech class.
What?
Please, I need the speech for this Monday.
What?
Please, Travis, I need to know how to start
with Popeye the Sailor Man eulogy for my speech class.
Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
There's a very important distinction here.
Please.
Are you giving a eulogy for Popeye the Sailor Man
or as Popeye the Sailor Man?
As, guys, as hysterical as I think we could make the ladder
with all of us doing our Popeye impressions
and what have you.
I think we should focus on the former, which is my dude.
What has this motherfucker here?
That's what we're doing.
He got me clean.
He got me clean right now.
Popeye the Sponsor Man.
I love him like a brother.
I never told him.
He was my real brother.
My name is-
He was my real, I'm Steven the Sailor Man.
I'm Church's the Sailor Man.
The Sailor Man.
Oh, God.
If our father, Pappy the Sailor Man were here today,
but of course they haven't spoken in 36 years.
And now it's too late.
Now it's too late?
Damn it, Popeye.
The living years.
Damn it, Popeye.
Damn you.
This is how you do me.
You leave me like this, you son of a bitch.
I mean, we know his cause of death, right?
Bluto, who is like, Bluto's fucking huge,
just killed him finally.
Do you think Bluto's there?
Do you think he had the fucking sheer balls?
I'm sorry, Popeye.
I didn't mean to.
Didn't mean to.
We were just doing our usual punch routine.
I punched you and you went through the roof,
only this time you hemorrhaged.
I hit you through a horse,
and then you got one of them big swelling lumps
on top of your head and the horseshoe swung around it,
but then you didn't get up again.
I punched you till your brain stopped working,
then I tried to pour the spin notch down your mouth
and you choked on them.
And the spittoon done fell on your head.
No.
Can you imagine anything funnier than seeing Bluto
just like forcing the jaw of Popeye's car?
Popeye's corpse up and down trying to help him mask it.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Here I come, Bluto.
I'm gonna get you real good.
Everybody comes-
He's strong to the finish.
Everybody.
Olive Oya got to help me scoop the spin notch down his throat.
I love him.
Everybody comes around and Bluto like lifts him up
and puts his arm around him like,
I know he's fine, listen.
I'm Popeye the Sailor Man.
Why are you moving his mouth, Bluto?
That's terrible.
Don't touch him.
And Wimpy like shows up like five minutes late.
He's like, hey, good news, everybody.
I found a hamburger.
And they're like, Wimpy not now.
He realizes what happened and he's like,
I wasn't here, I can't go back.
I can't take this heat.
I got people waiting for me on the inside.
What if that wasn't his cause of death?
What if he just ate some spinach?
He was like, time to get real,
wait, my arm won't stop growing, oh shit.
And he's just like, Akira just like explodes.
His body gets too diesel.
And then soon he just like starts rapidly expanding
until he completely consumes Neo Tokyo.
Let me paint you a picture.
He goes in for his yearly checkup physical
and the doctor's like, Popeye, I can't say it enough.
I won't tell you again.
You have to knock it off with the spinach.
Your body is 92% spinach at this point.
I don't know how much more of this you can take.
If you change again, you might never come back.
And Popeye's like, okay.
But then one day he sees an injustice
and he goes for that spinach and he's like, I can't.
I can't, but the city cries out, Popeye, Popeye.
And he does it knowing it's the end.
And he goes out Akira just like he always dreamed.
Okay, that wasn't so much funny
as much as it was like pretty good fan fiction.
I'm trying to pitch that.
If anyone's listening,
if you've got, it will be a multi-million dollar production.
I'm thinking it'll be like a Pixar level.
Oh, see, I was thinking like a Christopher Nolan Batman flick
where Bluto, is it Bluto?
Yeah, yeah.
It would be like Bane.
Pluto is Mickey's dog.
Well, this will be the first dark Pixar movie.
I'm thinking like a Pixar cartoon with like a hard PG-13.
So if anyone's looking to invest,
I've got a Kickstarter going for a million dollars.
You can get a producer's credit for $2 million.
You can come to the animation studio.
It does start at a million dollars.
Okay.
For $13.95, you can go see Kung Fu Panda 3
and just like save your fucking time
because you'll never want to see another movie after that.
Hey folks, that's going to do it for us.
I want to say two things.
First off, thank you again to MeUndies
who are dedicated to providing the world's most comfortable underwear.
Go to meundies.com slash my brother for free shipping
and 20% off your first order.
Also want to say a huge congratulations
to our friend Lin-Mim, well Miranda, for his entire cast
and also The Roots for their Grammy win
and Grammy performance last night.
So fucking good.
And Lin, thank you for probably accidentally kicking off
like a full-blown Illuminati deep dive
into your whole life history
by the people who are desperately looking into the Freemasons
and like the triangles and all that shit
with your secret my brother, my brother, and me gesture.
And I don't want to, prying eyes.
If you know it, you know it.
If you know it, you know it.
If you don't know it-
Join our Facebook group.
Join our fucking Facebook group.
We mentioned the website halfway through the episode,
but I want to mention again, go to macroshows.com
and you can find all of the projects we work on,
audio and video.
You can find links to all the Twitter accounts,
the Facebook groups, the contact info.
If you're looking for like the PO boxes or places to send
Adventure Zone item submissions
or my brother, my brother, and me questions in Yahoo's.
You can also find our now defunct retired shows.
I also want to say I'm launching a new podcast pretty soon
because I get bored and generate new podcasts constantly.
What?
It's too many.
It's a lot of podcasts, Travis.
It's all I've got and I love it very, very much.
But this one's called Interrobang with Travis and Tybee.
You can find it on macroshows.com.
We got a promo up now so you can hear it
and subscribe on iTunes and all that.
I'm actually really happy about this
because it makes it even on the website.
Now there are three columns of six.
That makes me really happy.
We're also really excited because this is the week
that we're moving Trends Like These over onto MaxFun.
So if you haven't checked out Trends Like These yet,
go check that out.
Go check out Still Buffering on MaxFun.
Yep, they just did.
Oh my God, the new episode of Still Buffering,
which is about my wife Sydney and her sister Riley who's 15
and them like explaining the teen life then and today.
There is a segment on today's show,
an extended segment of the new episode about Instagram
and her explaining Instagram and Snapchat
that was like.
Oh, I know everything there is to know
about those two platforms.
Well, you don't trust me.
I thought I did.
It is the most captivating listen of 2016
as far as I'm concerned.
I was losing my mind.
It's fascinating.
Go check out Rose Buddies that Griffin does with Rachel.
I have never, well, I tried to watch an episode
of The Bachelor and I made it about 20 minutes in,
but I have never been a fan of The Bachelor,
but I fucking love Rose Buddies.
It's become my new favorite show.
Thank you, Travie.
And then also go check out Schmanner's
that my wife and I do.
We put out a Valentine's Day special
that was all about like the history
and customs of Valentine's Day,
as well as another normal episode last week,
all about being a house guest and hosting a house guest.
So go check that out
and then check out all the other amazing Maximum Fun shows.
There's a ton on there.
Thanks to John Roderick and the Lawn Winners
for using their theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed.
Yeah, it's a great album.
You can get it on vinyl, get it on wax on Amazon.
Sorry, Juice.
Nothing.
Did you have something else?
No, just I love you.
I love you.
I love you guys, too.
Do you guys realize that by the time
we record this next episode,
I will have seen Carly Rae Jepsen in concert
and I will literally just be,
I mean, I'm already blissed to light
of a floating like piece of light consciousness
just exploring the spiral galaxy
and I'm just gonna stop by the ACL taping
of Carly Rae Jepsen
and I don't know what the next fucking level
of consciousness is above that,
but I'm really-
You just wake up and you are Carly Rae Jepsen
like being John Malkovich.
Ooh, that'll be fun.
Yeah, it is.
It's pretty great.
If I could say-
I've been Carly Rae Jepsen for years.
If I could say one sort of personal,
more serious thing before we close
and this isn't the sort of thing
we normally talk about on the show
and I didn't run this past you guys before,
but sometimes we all have like struggles
and I know that our listeners have expressed to us
how our show has helped them
and I know that like for future generations,
everybody's gonna have things that they're going through
and I don't mean to be oblique,
but I don't know your struggles.
But I wanna make sure that when my daughter comes of age
and her daughter after her comes of age
and she has struggles or things she's struggling with in life,
I wanna make sure there's a new Kung Fu Panda movie
for her every time.
Every generation needs its Kung Fu Panda movies
and I feel like if we could all just go see
Kung Fu Panda 3 this weekend,
we can really guarantee that that continues to be.
Do you wanna be the last link in the chain?
I don't wanna be the last link in the Kung Fu Panda chain.
And hey, why wait till the weekend?
It's what I'm saying.
It's Tuesday now.
The ideal time to see any movie,
everyone knows this, is 11 30 in the morning
on like a Thursday.
I know we don't usually get serious on the show,
but I have something I'd like to talk about
really quick here at the end
and that is, there's a lot of,
the reason I love this podcast in the community
that we've sort of surrounded ourselves with
is that I feel like there's a lot of sort of bad stuff
happening in the world today.
And it's so easy to like consume the media
that you consume and just sort of be distracted
by the noise of it all, right?
And just sort of turn a blind eye to all the injustices
that are happening in the world today.
And that's fine, like, you know,
I'm glad that we can provide sort of a safe place
for people, but I think that we need to sort of confront
some of these things head on.
And I would recommend starting with joining my boycott
of the Village Voice for their fucking slanderous review
of Kung Fu Panda 3, written by Alan Sherstal.
Get that negativity out, Alan.
Yeah, Alan, like we get it.
Like, you're too cool for Kung Fu 3.
We get it, you're too cool for Poe.
It's okay to unironically love stuff, Alan.
Yeah, and so anyway, never buy another issue,
never again, write him a letter that just says
never again, Alan, you know what you did.
And then a paw print, a panda paw print,
and then say this one's for my pandas.
Now, we don't usually get-
No, we don't.
We don't usually get serious on the show,
but can I just say real quick,
I have killed before, and the only thing
that stops me from killing again is knowing
that there's a new Kung Fu Panda movie out.
And if society were to, for some reason,
take that away from me, I don't know what I would do.
Travis's soul is the respite of a dark passenger.
I've got what scientists call a dark passenger.
See, when I was little, I was a little bit
of a dark passenger.
See, when I was little, I died for five seconds
and something came back with me.
Yes.
And the only thing that allows me
to control the hunger within is knowing
that there's a new Kung Fu Panda movie
every like two to three years.
And I worry that if that ever stops-
Yeah, you're gonna throw some-
Let me just say, the voice I hear in my head
is no language spoken by man.
No.
As far as I know, ever.
But it's Jack Black doing the voice, which is weird.
Yeah, and just the only phrase I can understand
is just two words and it's old gods.
Yeah.
And if Kung Fu Panda were to ever not be there
as a barrier against the darkness,
I worry not only for myself,
but for everyone in this plane of existence.
If you've just finished watching this clip
of the YouTube video after Travis commits
some terrible atrocity,
you should know that we thought he was kidding.
Well, thanks for listening.
You want a final Yahoo?
Yes.
This final Yahoo was sent in by level9000.
YajurJudu Devonport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by YajurAnswers user, Abby, who asks,
can anybody find out if Billy Zane is available
to sell pasta at my new store, Cal Pasta?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Skadoosh.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
The three of you enter a cave of a big red dragon
and is standing over a hoard of precious golden rubies.
And he says, what do you do, adventurers?
I'm a dragon man.
I cast fire on him.
It's very good.
I address the red dragon and say,
us, we're the hosts of The Adventure Zone,
a podcast about family playing Dungeons and Dragons.
Very good synergy.
Commit to the bit.
I roll to charm new listeners.
It is very effective, against all odds.
Everybody, we're the McElroys.
We host The Adventure Zone,
a podcast where we play Dungeons and Dragons together.
It's a comedy podcast.
We don't take the rules too seriously
because there's a lot of them
and we did not take the time to learn them.
Maybe listen to us.
We come out every other Thursday on the Maximum Fun Network.
You can find us on iTunes or on Maximumfun.org.
I think this promo's a critical hit.
