The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's the most wonderful time of the year. Pretty sure that's exactly how you started
it last year. Is it really? That's a tradition now. Now it's not me ripping off a bit for myself
for a year ago. It's a tradition. It is the birthday episode, all three of us, November 8th,
blowing it up with our big B-day. Happy birthday to all three of us. Travis, are you stoked about
your B-day? I'm so stoked. What are you looking forward to the most? The presents, the gifts,
the cheer? The chicken fried bacon. You're gonna get some chicken fried bacon for your birthday.
I'm gonna get all the chicken fried bacon for my birthday. Is that a gift? It seems like,
what's the opposite of what a gift is for your apartment and liver? It's a punishment. Now,
Griffin, what is your big birthday plan? My big birthday plan is to put myself into a state of
cryo sleep for six months until it is really my birthday. Okay, well, let's take a quick poll.
I feel like everybody on the show's birthday is November 8th, so let me go around and we'll see
if my birthday is November 8th. Yeah. Oh, my birthday is November 8th. My birthday is November
8th. No, wait. No, it's not. Is it not? That does not ring true. It's April 17th.
Wow, that sucks. It's so fucking far. I could not be fucking further away. And it sucks because I
know the two of you were conceived on Valentine's Day. It just adds up. Don't do this to me. Don't
do this to me. And when was I? Not on this day. What could I possibly have been? Fourth of July.
I guess I could be. Those fireworks going off. It's pretty romantic. Stop it! I can't do this
to you. You're killing me. I love you. Let's conceive. Two birthday presents now is what I
need. I can't even handle this advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother,
Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. I'm your youngest brother.
Most independent. Not celebrating. No birthday today. Most patriotic brother. My wife just
brought me coffee. That's awesome. Oh, man. Yeah. Wait, your wife just brought me coffee?
That's impossible. Holy shit. Time walker. It's a birthday miracle. It's a birthday miracle.
My wife's a time walker. This is, of course, an advice show for the modern era. Let's dip right
in to the help, to the advice. I feel like it's going to be a good show. We got a lot of exciting
stuff today. We got guest stars, several guest stars. Is it their birthday? Did we even bother
ask? It may or may not be their birthday. Let's assume it is. Let's assume it's all of their
birthdays. We got a big, big live show announcement. We've got lots of people to help and so much more.
Let's dip right in. My friends and I go weekly to a pub trivia night. About two months ago,
two strangers asked to join our team. That was fine, but then they started showing up almost
every week. This could have been okay, but they're both quite full of themselves. Talk over the other
people. Don't let people provide questions to answers. They're sucking the joy out of our
trivia experience. So, how do we get them off the team? And that is actually from Team Croco Swine.
It's one of the oldest stories in the book. I think people who have spent years educating
themselves on trivia, the one area in which minutia escapes them is in matters of the human heart.
Which is why we're here. That is rarely a subject of a pub trivia night. Yeah, usually just go with
Superior Vina Cava. That's usually what's up. I think I maybe have done like bar trivia like once.
Yeah. Is this like a high stakes game? It gets pretty high fee. Yeah, it gets hot. It gets hot.
I've been on two award-winning trivia teams. The Amazing Larry and the Robert C. Byrd Institute
for Trivia. And both like real grand slam high stakes teams. And we got to the national
championships, won a few grando. I mean, it gets hot. I was not on that national championship team.
I just don't understand this heightened emotion where you can't just be like,
hey, I think maybe it's just going to be me and my friends tonight.
Friendship, honestly, can't factor into it because you need to build a streamlined
minutia knowing machine. You need to put together an internet of people that know everything.
Yeah. You need to build it. You need to make a human Google. And it's hard to do that when you
let a bunch of randos in. Well, what if you just like wore a visor and carried around a clipboard
and walked up to them and said, hey, you're cut. Yeah, you're out. I think that's an option. I
think you could show everybody could show up as a new team next week. A reformed like, you know,
when they, you know, when they reform a band with everybody except one guy, you're like,
wait a minute. You were a member of Jefferson Airplane. Right. You're Jefferson Starship.
We're Jefferson Trivia Starship. We are going a whole new direction. What am I thinking of?
Who did that? It was a whole same band except for the one person there. I mean, I guess Van Halen
is sort of like that, but they remain the same band. It'll come to me. I guess the Elvis Costello's
imposters are sort of like that because they're the attractions and they cut Elvis Costello. They cut
Elvis Costello out. Bad career. Now they just do Jefferson Airplane songs. That's a good that's a
good option to make a new team. Also, if they're randos, just say to tell them to start their own
goddamn team. Yeah. Like, hey, I don't fucking know you. I don't know. You're not. Please stop.
You're not my buddy. Yeah. We're not bros. Wait, could you do like a surgical like skip three
nights? Yeah. See that. I usually do that whenever, uh, like I used to do karaoke at this one place.
I had some clingers, you know, people liked my star power. Right. Said you have a star quality
and I'm attracted to that. I want to be near you. I want to be near eventually. I want to be near
and around you and eventually had to stop coming for a little bit and give them time to cool,
cool their jets, you know, ice their heels, let them orbit around another star for a few. Yeah.
See how that works out. And, uh, and, and after a few weeks I came back cleansed cleanse, but they
were still, I was doing them. I was doing the master cleanse. Weren't they? That's important
to the stage. The stage door Johnny's waiting. We're doing the all juice karaoke diet. Nothing
but ginger water. And, um, I was saying so good after work. No toxins, no toxins in this body.
That's a, that's a good remedy. That's a good home remedy tip. What about just sitting in a
smaller table? Why don't you go fucking solo? That's a power play. What? That's a, that's like,
that's like going solo in euchre. It's like, you gotta, you gotta have the faith in yourself
to achieve your dreams. If you do, if you do do it though, please refer to yourself
as Crom door of the all knowing me. No, no, no. I'm a member of team Jeff. What's your team name?
Dave. That is, that's just, that's my name is Dave. I think you didn't tell him to stop. I mean, like
America, we gotta get better at telling randos where to get off. These are randos and their
stop is this week. You tell them, listen guys, uh, this is kind of a French thing that we did
with friends and we, we need you to go. You can go right there. There's the door. Here's the thing
there. I can't think of any repercussions that could happen. It's not like you're going to kick
them off the team and they're going to like slit your tires or something better team. See, that's
all I can think is that they come back at you as like the, you know, river bottom nightmare band
and they take you out. I can't, I think you have to be very clear if they're the weak links in your
team. That's the more important thing. And maybe if you have some sort of, wait a minute, what if
you have some sort of trivia showdown? You say the team's too crowded. We need to winnow it down to
the essentials. And then you have a series of questions that only relate to things that you and
your friends remember at Steve's birthday party last year. What kind of cake did we have? Darla,
who did you blow and never tell anyone about it? It's me. Sorry, Jeff. Sorry, Randy. You're off the
team assholes. This, this situation seems to happen a lot more, more than just one than just team
trivia occasions. Like I have, it happens a lot and it sucks every time it does. Like if you're
at a concert and there's somebody there who doesn't know anybody. So there's like, Hey,
can I hang out with your group? And you're like, you can't say no, but at the same time, I guess,
I guess different question though, if it's one person, because I feel like one person,
that's just sort of like a nice thing you're doing. These guys are a unit, you know, like
they're two dudes. Just tell them to go, tell them it's time to go. I think, I think that
the problem is if they had been like, can I join your team? And then they would have been awesome
and like buying drinks for everybody and super cool and getting all the questions right. No problem
whatsoever, but they failed the audition. They suck at this. Like they're not getting the questions
right. They talk over people. Like I think that you're perfectly within your rights to be like,
Hey, we let you onto our team. We tried it out and it's just not working out. Thanks.
Can I, can I talk about it? A serious character deficit that this country is experiencing right
now. It seems like, and I don't know if I've ever had this kind of friend, but it seems like
the pushy, sort of bossy, sassy friend is gone. It's no longer exists. He's like the bee. He's
like the modern bee. He's gone. He's just vanished from the earth. You need a pushy bossy friend that
can be like, nope, everybody needs a Vince Vaughn. Everyone does need a Vince Vaughn. And it just
seems like that that's a, that person no longer exists. And I don't know why. Do you think it's
because of the internet? I think it's because of like PC movements and everybody trying to
be very delicate and careful about everyone's feelings and all that stuff. See, I'm that,
I'm that though. Am I part of the problem? I don't think I can, I can experience a sea change like
that. Or all of a sudden I can walk into a bar and be like, I don't like this. You know? Here's
what it is. The Vince Vaughn friend is a friend that it's, it's, it's difficult to keep them around
all the time because that's the friend that you end up saying like, well, if you knew him, he's a
great guy. You just don't know him like I know him. You're right. Right. And I think everybody
does have that friend, but it's harder to keep that friend as time goes on. I'm saying if you're
young and you're still trying to figure out who you are in this world, I think maybe put your chips
down on Sass. Double down on Sass. Double down. But not everyone can do it. I, I've known some
people who are just assholes, but then there's the really likable asshole and that if you can't pull
off likable asshole, you really got out of the game. You got to thread that needle. But listen,
like if you don't want these people on your trivia team, they have failed. Like that's the most sort
of regimented social interaction you could possibly have. There's a designated start time,
a designated stop time. If you don't want these guys on your trivia team, you don't want them in
your life. Fuck them. You don't even know them. They're strangers. It's not like there's a history.
You're not going to ruin your friendship with them. Guys, what if they're strong?
What if they're strong? What if they're grownups? Oh, they're big kids. You're saying like physically
imposing. I mean, if they're big and strong, you can't tell, you can't tell a big, strong
grownup where to get off. Yeah. Right. Didn't think about that. An older boy said you were on
my trivia team now. So I guess you are. Yeah. I talked to my dad. He said, I'm on it. So handle,
handle that. Hey guys, is this, is it acceptable when you have a back itch to scratch it on various
public services, like the corner of a wall or a shelf of some kind itchy in Indiana? Well,
Baloo the bear. Um, it sounds like you're in a tailspin. Let's pull out of it. Let's just boil
this down to the bear necessities. Oh God. Um, crap. This is, this is use your hand. Get your
hand back there or a friend's hand. It doesn't work. I re I reach for Richard. He's bear scratch.
When I'm in this situation, you may remember him. He's, he was balloon boy's dad, a real nut job,
but he has a device that he will sell you on the internet 30 for two. Uh, you can find this
at bear scratch.com. And, uh, it is the, the tagline is if you itch like a son of a Twitch.
Oh God. You need the patent pending bear scratch. It is basically a piece of wood that you tie to
your wall. It's basically what's up. If, if your son is a guy that you shoot into the sky balloon
boy jokes. I believe it is not acceptable, but it does feel so damn good. I do it all the time.
Sure. What do you say when you're caught in the act? What are you doing to that shelf? Travis?
I say, um, don't judge my love. Okay. Don't you? You don't know me. You don't know this wood.
Uh, he started it. He just blamed the wood. He itched. He was scratching on me on the wall on
retropenis bear scratch. Can you not just wear like a wool sweater and then just shimmy around
and it scratches all of you at once. What can you not reach? How big a boy are you?
That's what I'm saying. What if you just started screaming? There's ants in my clothes.
Okay. Who's going to judge you then? Well, it was an emergency yet. Every person. Why is it,
why are your clothes so sticky? Sweet. Why, why is it preferable Travis? Like why is it
preferable to think for people to think of you as the guy with bugs in his clothes? Yeah. You
can stealthily scratch yourself on a shelf, but if you yell, oh, let me throw this out.
The awkward part of scratching your back on an object is like you get into it and you close
your eyes and then you open your eyes and realize people are staring at you. Right?
What if you just kept your eyes open the whole time and stared right back at him while you did
it? It turns out this gets into a weird erotic territory. Watch me do this. Watch me do this.
This is the weirdest scene in Basic Instinct. Can we invent like a fun dance that you do
when you need to itch yourself and then people will be like, oh, he's doing the itchy jiggle.
Well, the bear scratch dance is actually available on iTunes if you want to grab that.
Do the bear scratch. Do the bear scratch dance.
I have a, one wall of my apartment is sort of just covered in stone outcroppings and let me
tell you, it's like, it's like God's fingernails. You just get right up against that and no, you,
I have never, I haven't itched since I lived here.
Wow. That's a good record.
It's pretty great.
It's a good streak. You got to keep that going.
It's like a loofah made of stone.
I wouldn't leave my house because I'd be too worried that like,
what if you get out in public and your back starts itching and the streak is broken.
Yeah. I gotta, I gotta go home you guys.
Guinness. It's me. It's Griffin. It's over. Shut it down. I tried my best. Didn't work out.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Yeah, that'd be great.
This one was sent in by Jacob Locker. Thank you by Jake. Thank you by, thank you by Jacob.
You're welcome.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Jess who asks, what is the stripper etiquette for Canada?
Okay. This is a random thought. I have no intention of going to a strip club,
even though I am legal. FYI. It's just, this is bugging me.
First off, you're totally thinking about going to a strip club, but yeah.
You know how in movies they toss strippers dollar bills? Well, in Canada,
we have loonies and toonies. So do you like toss coins at the person?
Oh God.
Or are Canadian strippers more costly than Americans just because of our bill system?
In Canada, is the minimum bill tossing rule is $5 since that's our smallest bill.
I'm honestly not trying to be rude. So if it offends anyone, I really mean no harm.
I want you to know Griffin that after, what is this? Episode 79, 79 episodes,
you finally asked a Yahoo Answers question that made me go, wait, that's a good question.
Yeah. Is it?
Do you just throw the coins at them? That seems rude.
Hey, whatever happened, excuse me, whatever happened to Galaxia who used to dance here?
Yeah, that was real sad, eh? She got a loonie in her poonie.
It was a real sad situation that one, eh?
So a loonie, I just Googled is a Canadian $1 coin.
First of all, I would like to point out that I believe that this person has never been to
a strip club because no strip club I've ever been to
incorporate to just throwing money at the stripper.
Take these.
Like wadding up the bill and trying to hit her in the face with it. That's not how that works.
I have to disagree with you here, Travis. I actually saw a stripper who was, I believe,
a little person. If not, she was quite short, put a cup in front of her zone down there.
Uh-huh, her zone.
Her sin spot. She put a cup in front of her zone and people took turns throwing
dollar bills in there and if they-
That's the worst bozo show game I've ever had.
If they sunk a shot, then they got, well, it's unspeakable what happened to them.
Oh, Jesus.
It sounds like he was not there, Travis. I'm sorry. Not there that night.
So the Canadian version, it sounds like whenever you go to like a Taco Bell and they have that
little thing where you drop the quarter in and you try to land it on the plates.
And if you do, you get like a crunch, a crunch wrap.
But instead of that, you try to throw a loonie on an old lady's bosom.
I understand now why every time I've gone to a Canadian strip club,
they have those little bus driver change things on their belts.
And you give them a $5 bill and you're like, I need three back.
And they're like, okay, kachunk, kachunk, kachunk. And they hand you three coins.
I get it now.
That's a very erotic exchange.
So erotic.
Yeah. And it's nice because you can get Snickers to strike the machines right there.
They hate that, though.
Canada, your money, your money is really weird, Canada.
You have things called loonies and toonies.
But this is the thing. I'm so on this tip, though, because every other country besides us,
like their $1 bill, they realize it's not worth anything and you can buy nothing with it.
So there's just a coin.
In England, they have coins that are worth four of our dollars. It's ridiculous.
Well, I love that every time we do it, every time America tries to do a dollar quarter or a dollar
coin, it's such bullshit. And everyone's like, what is this? Never mind.
And like the only time you ever need them is if you pay like a parking garage or when you go to
the bank and they give you like a stock at your way, a coin, you're like, ah, damn it.
And then it sits in a drawer forever and ever and ever.
Yeah, because you can never find it's like it's enough of a big deal to find a machine that uses
it, like it advertises it like you can use a dollar coin here. Except at theme parks,
amusement parks. They are crazy about the Sacajawea dollar coin.
For some reason, the only time the only way to get like a locker is to turn your money into
Sacajawea coins and then put them in the locker. It's like, why don't you just take dollars?
I this is all very funny. I think it's dangerous to throw coins at a lady.
Can we agree with that?
I mean, like what other circumstance would that be okay in?
I'm looking at these loonies and these toonies and they look like
some heavy alloy. So you got to throw a fiver. And if that's the case,
Canadian strippers must be like balling.
Oh yeah, like Scarface. Totally, totally rich.
Well, the trick is you have to form it into a paper airplane and they have to catch it out
of the air or else they don't get to keep it. They can't use their hands, which I think is
awful what you just said. Is it possible that you only throw it a fifth as frequently as Americans
do? Are we talking about lump sums?
Okay, so you're saying like, it's five dollars, but the standards of performance are much higher?
The standard of performance, and instead of throwing like a buckaroo every five minutes or
so to get a look, a look-see, you throw a fiver every half an hour and then you just get the
whole kit and caboodle.
Lump sums for some lumps, it seems.
Maybe our Canadian erotic, exotic dancers are working it five times as hard.
That's what I'm saying.
Maybe they are getting, yeah.
Maybe it's like, hey Darla, you look like an American up there. You work five times more than
that. Shake it down. Get that stuff everywhere.
What I would like to imagine is they've just done away with like the slow, sexy takes five
minutes and they've just like pumped it up and it's like house techno beats.
Oh, they put on some dubstep and they just fucking stop to it.
And they are fucking sweating their asses off the whole time and it's a challenge. It's like,
do you want this five dollars? You're gonna have to work it.
Are you crumping right now? Is that Zumba?
Let's, let's move on to another, to another question.
Although I would actually, we've never asked this.
If you do have some actual insight to that question, I would genuinely-
Right, you kind of want to know now.
Yeah, I kind of would like, I am kind of curious about it.
I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say, no, I think instead of being inquisitive, we need to be
instructive and I'm going to go ahead and say, blanket statement.
Don't throw a coin at a lady.
Right.
Don't throw a coin.
You slide it across the floor to her.
Yeah, you can, you can slide her a little, a tiny bag.
Oh, you flip it like you're an old style gangster.
Here's a dollar, chick.
Let me get a pape.
Like, oh, I can't. I don't have a pape.
I've got a pasty.
Hey, when does a 17 year old male get his female friend of the same age for a birthday
gift?
I haven't been to a girl's birthday party outside of family and I'm confused as to what
I should get her for a gift.
If I should even get her one at all, that's from vexed in Vancouver.
Yikes.
That's a tough one, right?
Yeah.
I mean like-
I say-
He's going into hostile territory.
You get her a gift card to Brookstone worth like 15 loonies.
I think the safest way to go and what I would recommend is get her like a movie or book
or something that you like and you can say, you know, I like this book and I thought you
would too.
Well, I'm just saying like, if you don't know what to get her, don't try to get something
huge and elaborate.
Just say like, you know, this was a really good movie and I thought you'd like it.
No?
I got you Sky Captain in the World of Tomorrow on DVD.
I really like it.
By the way, can I borrow that when you're done with it?
Happy birthday.
You don't have to tell her you got it because you liked it.
I'm saying like, I thought you would like this movie.
She's not going to throw it back in your face and be like, bullshit, I don't like this movie.
You're wrong.
I think that- but see, here's the thing though.
When you're at a girl's birthday party, what if you're the only person who got her something
like that?
You don't know.
I have no idea what girls get each other for birthdays.
I could not- especially when I was 17, I couldn't-
What is the cutoff?
What?
At what age do presents stop being mandatory every year?
No, you do need to bring a present because that's a fate worse than death if you bring-
you're the only one without one.
I just feel like something that everybody- is there a gift that you could name where
you always need another one?
And if we could just pick that one gift that you could always get anybody and it's always
appreciated, what do you always appreciate when you get?
For me, it's those tins of butter cookies, you know, the blue ones.
I love those, man.
Give me as many of those as you got.
A fancy food item or something potable.
Either way, you can't lose because everybody eats and everybody likes to get drunk.
Yeah, especially if it's something like kind of special, not just like I got you a bag
of M&Ms, but like I got you this box of chocolate covered potato chips.
Okay, that's fun.
It's interesting.
It's different.
It's a girl, though.
What if she's like trying to get fit or something?
Yeah, what if she's like, are you saying I'm fat?
Then you get her fitness bars, Justin.
There's fit food.
He doesn't know though.
This is what I'm saying.
How could he guess what's-
Oh no, because if you get fitness bars, you're saying she's fat.
I had to-
You're straight up saying she's fat.
I have to talk to my wife each morning for a good 20 minutes before I have any idea who
she is.
Like I don't know what's on her mind that day.
I don't know what she's thinking about.
I don't know.
It takes me a while to get acclimated.
Do you think he's just going to walk into a birthday party with something?
Here's an item and it is appropriate.
Like I don't think he can, I don't see what he's going to choose.
Oh, I've got it.
A dream catcher.
Oh, that's good.
That's good.
I think the problem here is that you are assuming, and I can say that you're assuming this because
of your email, that you think there's one present that's good for girls because the
information that you have provided us about this girl is that she is a girl and that's
all we know.
Like I need a gift suggestion.
Here's what I know.
She's a lady, period.
Well, let's see, yeah, I mean-
Soap, I don't know.
But that's as much as I knew about girls when I was 17.
I didn't even know how they got their hair to smell so good.
Like what am I going to get them that they don't already have?
And then you learned that they just put honey in it every day.
Is it possible that we could get a gift certificate?
Is that a good present?
I don't like gift certificates.
Never?
Never a good present?
Well, they can be if the person says, I would love a gift certificate to blank.
But just doing it voluntarily always strikes me like I couldn't think of anything to get
you so I just got you fake money.
Rarely do people give you that opportunity.
Though, like nobody's ever like, man, I haven't been to Applebee's in a while.
I would love to crush some tiny desserts.
I feel like the presents I always liked the best are the ones that I secretly would kind
of like, but would never buy for myself.
Like my dear friend, Jason, for my last birthday, got me an RC car.
Yeah, I'll take it.
Thank you.
I do want this.
How did you know that I wanted this but would not buy this?
I wanted this but would not buy this, but I do want this.
So you're saying, you're saying easy solution is you get her the gift that even she doesn't
know that she wants, but she wants it.
Good suggestion, Justin.
He's going to have a real easy time.
You're saying that even with even with fucking psychic powers, he couldn't divine what this
gift is that she wants that she doesn't know she wants.
Yeah, that's great.
Just get her that thing, duh.
Maybe like a gap gift certificate would be good.
Maybe like a Snuggie.
Everybody wants one of those, right?
Does she have a Snuggie?
Get her a slap chop and just fucking hope for the best.
Get her a slap chop.
Get her a fucking slap chop and then don't go to her party.
Because if she hates it, you'll never know.
Can I tell you something right now, vexed, vexed in Vancouver?
This is the end of your relationship with this girl.
Oh, yeah, it's over.
I'm sorry.
It doesn't matter what you do.
There is literally no there is no right thing for you to do here.
We've we've so just embrace it.
Just lean into it.
Just put something in the card like just give her a note that says I hate you.
Happy birthday.
I got you some toonies.
I got you some I got you some Canadian stripper battle armor.
So when people launch toonies at you,
I got you a shield.
I got you a stripper shield.
It's got ballistics, but sexy ballistics.
Yeah, it's Kevlar, but with booby holes cut out of it.
It's very hot.
Enjoy now.
And yeah, it's listen.
You guys have had some laughs together.
It's over now.
Sorry.
And you'll always look back and remember how great that friendship was.
Used to be.
You can't go to the party.
That's the only that's your only option.
You can't go.
Insummation, body armor, a paid vacation at Applebee's or her secret heart's desire.
Even she does not know.
Even she does not know is her heart's desire.
Yeah.
So just get one of those.
I would recommend the last one.
I think that would be a big hit, but.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Yeah.
This one was sent in by Krista Whalen.
Thank you, Krista.
It's by Yahoo and it's just user Cuckoo who asks.
It's kind of gross.
I'm sorry.
OMG, my tropical fish are eating it.
What?
I'm so sorry.
Someone just into my aquarium and now my fish are feeding on it.
Don't let me finish.
Will they get pregnant?
And what kind of fish can I expect?
Will they hatch out like tiny mermaid things?
What kind of mystery is this?
Yeah.
Let's sleuth this one out.
You know what?
Not to get a girl for a birthday party.
Yeah.
Jizzing in her aquarium.
Hey, look what I did.
Happy birthday.
That beta has human feet.
Who jizzed in this?
My beta has a human face like Seaman.
I want to make an open appeal to the gentleman who committed this heinous crime.
Why was that your best option?
And what was the timeline like where someone jizzed in this aquarium, skedaddled,
and she entered the room fast enough to see the fish eating the juice?
Officially anything you put into an aquarium instantly.
So it had to be like, done out.
Hey, they're eating it.
Yahoo.
I passed a mysterious stranger coming out of my room.
People say that the American Pie movies aren't having a detriment on our society.
But look, teenagers out there are reenacting these scenes.
And I did you guys see that one?
I think it was Banking 3.
Oh, the one where Stiffler ejaculates?
No, well, it's actually it's a popular misconception.
It's actually Stiffler's cousin at that point.
So Stiffler's cousin gives his seed, the gift of his seed, to an aquarium.
Yeah.
And then fish eat it, and then it creates horrible sea monsters.
I am so upset, like physically angry at all of this.
Yeah, there's nothing good about this.
Think about fish with human arms.
No, you know what, Griffin?
And you think about how you'll never be able to hang out with it.
I'm eight steps back thinking about the prior situation before this girl walked into the room.
Was this gentleman standing there and he pulled out a chair and stood on top of it?
No, no, no, I'm sure it's not that big.
The problem is that maybe you're just assuming that this person started out
with the intention of, oh, I'm going to jerk it in this here fish tank.
I think that it was an emergency.
I think he was short on time.
Right.
I think he said, I need to do this somewhere.
So you're saying he just didn't have an exit strategy when he started.
His plan was jerk it, and then that was it.
That's the end of the plan.
It's honestly her fault for hanging that poster of Carla Gugino behind her aquarium.
What were you thinking with that Gugino poster?
How could you?
You can't just put a Gugino up in your room.
You put a Carla Gugino poster anywhere.
And you put it so close to the aquarium, you were almost begging for human fish monsters.
Ew, you nasty.
That's what you like, don't you, dirty girl.
You like it when people jerk it to Carla Gugino into your aquarium.
You nasty.
I would also like to say to this girl whose room this is
and who's concerned this is about horrible fish monsters.
Maybe you need to be more selective of the people and you invite into your house.
If you had a party and you don't know which one of them came in your aquarium.
You know, you have to know.
Line up the usual suspects who Gugino'd right into my aquarium.
Didn't think it on through, did you?
Typical.
Typical. Everyone in your life, you should only have one person
that could possibly have jerked it into your aquarium.
If you have less than that, boring.
If you have more than that, you're on bad girls club.
But you need to limit that to one.
One person.
Gotta have one sassy friend.
Gotta have one person who may or may not jerk it into your aquarium.
Just be glad it wasn't a terrarium because yucko.
Yeah.
Double yuck.
That was one pissed off turtle.
That was actually the plot of Biodome 2.
Yeah.
It's stuck in development hell, but perhaps it's perfectly so.
Jesus.
Jesus.
No, he's not involved in this one.
I am thinking about Polly Shore in ways.
I'm thinking about whichever Baldwin that was.
Just, hey, just doing it on a turtle.
Just making love on it.
Now, why did, okay.
Is it possible that they would eat it and make sea moss?
Does she need to be concerned for her safety?
Justin, not only is it possible, it's impossible.
It's not a thing that can happen scientifically.
So you're saying not probable, but it is likely that it could happen.
It's not just going to happen.
It's happened already.
That's where Snooki came from.
Snooki is, she's half beta.
Half beta, half fighting fish.
That's betas, right?
Betas are the Asian fighting fish.
Is that correct?
Yeah, don't put two of those in a tank.
They will wrestle over that semen.
They can be only one.
I think the worst part of this situation-
It really is like an episode of Bad Girls Club at that point.
As this manfish develops, it'll probably get really annoying to constantly have to listen
to Leonard Nimoy describe his life.
Oh, semen deep cut for everyone to enjoy.
We're going to make jokes right now that maybe 10 of you are going to get.
Let's just buckle up for a minute.
That's the bone yard for a semen gag.
Just a real quick semen story.
We went on vacation once and left the adapter for our Dreamcast at home.
And flipped out because our semen were going to die.
Well, okay, not all of us flipped out because I wasn't, I enjoyed, I played semen maybe twice
and the first time it was, oh, I have given birth to men fish.
And then the second time was, let's see how high I can turn up the heat in this tank.
Cook them.
That's the only thing you can do to your betas, by the way, to your half beta half mans.
You got to cook them.
God did not intend for this to happen.
You've got, you've got to boil the water.
I'm sorry.
It's sad.
You got to think about it because God made betta fish.
And he also made semen.
So he had to assume that eventually the two would meet.
Yeah, but I'm going to say that that's not a part of God's wonderful plan.
He also made people, people of different races and religions and he never intended for them to mate.
So what are you, you know, what are you, what are you trying to, what are you getting at?
My, um, my man fish is a pescatarian.
Gross.
Uh, and now a message from our favorite half men, half fish, Jordan, Jesse, go.
I'm Jesse Thorne, America's radio, sweetheart.
I'm Jordan Morris, boy, detective.
Every week on our show, Jordan, Jesse go, I would say that we share a little slice of our hearts.
Yeah.
And a little peek at our dicks.
But every week we have a podcast where we have a little peek at our dicks.
Podcast where we have fun and funny conversations with guests from the worlds of comedy, film,
television.
It's all online at maximum fun.org or just search for Jordan, Jesse go in iTunes.
Tune in you.
You will.
I guarantee you'll enjoy it.
Guaranteed.
Travis, you tell me they talked about werewolf periods this week.
They did.
They talk about werewolf periods and, um, how horrible that must be for the werewolf boyfriends.
I, I know what you guys are thinking.
Uh, boy, they've got special guests out the wazoo.
Why don't you guys ever have any special guests?
And I say, listen, dad, we'll get around to it.
We're trying our best.
We had John Hodgman.
We had you.
It's not enough.
Uh, but actually we do have a special guest question right now from our friends, Chuck and
Josh.
Uh, Hey guys.
Hi, hi.
It's, uh, Josh and Chuck.
That's Chuck's voice.
And we have a question for you.
Well, we're from the stuff you should know podcast.
Yes.
And we have, we have a question.
Yeah.
We have a question.
Very important question.
Uh, we're both very interested in learning this.
Um, how would one, if one needed to, or wanted to say, get rid of, um, a muffin top, I believe
is the colloquialism for it.
Men or women?
Both.
It doesn't matter, but yeah.
Well, let's say, let's say a man wanted it now.
Okay.
That's, that's a question to ask our question guys.
Let's hear it.
A fine, a fine question guys.
I'm as somebody who I have met Chuck.
I have not personally met Josh.
I don't, I do not believe either of these gentlemen suffer from muffin top.
I don't, I don't believe either of them are rocking that look.
You know, I think they're just mining us for information that they can steal wholesale
and then use on their podcasts, which is full of enriching information.
Right.
This is how they get it.
They, they send guest questions into other podcasts and then wheeze off that juice.
Yeah, wheeze it.
Here's my first, my first sort of sub, sub answer is, do you need to get rid of it?
Some people can lean into that look.
Some people don't need to get rid of the muffin top.
Society may want you to.
Some people don't need to.
Some people have a great look.
That Pattinson kid, Steve Pat, Steve Pattinson.
What's his name?
Steve Pattinson from Twilight.
From Teen Vampire.
What's it?
What's it?
He's got.
Roger, Roger Pattinson.
Roger, Roger Pattinson.
He's got some stuff hanging over the sides, like a Santa costume hanging on a costume rack.
He's, he is convex.
There's no, there's no.
He shaved like a Hershey Kiss.
Steve Pattinson was my favorite James Bond.
People talk a lot about Roger Moorings and, and Glenn Tyler.
I really like Steve Pattinson.
But I'm just saying it's a good look because it looks like a, it looks like a,
it looks like you got your shirt tucked in to your pants and you got a little bit,
well, got a little bit coming out, but that's just your flesh.
Yeah.
I think it's very natural.
I think most people have them.
Sure.
I've got them.
Just more to love.
Now, Travis, you're sort of our fitness go-to fitness guy because you get, you get,
you get active, I think, on a daily basis.
I do.
What are your tips?
What are your tips for getting rid of the, the old MT as we call it?
As you know, I research muffin tops just about every day.
Yeah, right.
And what I've learned is that there are just as many helpful suggestions as there are bad
suggestions.
Sure.
And something I learned that was very interesting is that, you know, people think of like doing
sit-ups and crunches and everything.
Not going to help, is it?
It just makes it more robust.
No, it tones the muscle underneath, but it won't get rid of the fat.
But my favorite suggestion that I read was buy looser clothes.
Okay.
That does, that does, it looks like you're wearing like MC Hammer shirt.
Well, apparently there's a concern that if you wear pants that are too tight, it forms
you into a muffin top.
Sure.
No, it squeezes your leg meat up to your tummy area.
It does.
It pops out like a toothpaste tube.
Yeah, your meat, your meat is very malleable.
You can, you can go all over.
You can make yourself conical if you want.
You know, in the, in the 1800s, corsets were so tight that sometimes girls' legs bones would
pop out of their tum-tums and it would make a bone muffin top.
Yeah.
I have muffin tops.
They call it the stale muffin top.
It's pretty, pretty brutal up there.
I have muffin tops, but they are around my collarbone areas.
Yeah, sure.
Just because that's where I want them.
That's where I've smooshed, I've smooshed them up to my collarbone reach.
But you're always wearing that adorable little Lord Fauntleroy collar cinched up.
I do.
A ruff.
Yeah.
He wears a ruff.
I look like some sort of judge, some sort of, some sort of old, old British judge.
Yeah.
Like some sort of old British judge.
He looks like Rumpole of the Bailey up there.
Good luck.
I think everyone knew what I was talking about when I said an old British judge.
Well, if that doesn't conjure just a clear mental image, I don't know what does.
Sure.
You know, I actually look like Ashley Judge.
I look like Judge Reinhold.
You look like Judge Dredd, but like if he was fat.
I look like a fat Judge Dredd.
Dude, that is a good look.
You got a muffin top?
You look like fat Judge Dredd.
I would rather have muffin tops than these damn muffin bottoms.
Yeah.
Coming out the box, kind of oozing around your, are you wearing Reebok pumps?
I am not.
What if you have these striped, striped, striped, striped, striped tops?
Sort of alien cylinders coming out of your hips and I don't know what's going on.
Are those wrapped in paper?
What's going on?
Those are, are those gel out soles for your, is that comfortable?
Is that a, it's for your arch.
Your muffin bottom fills in the arch for your shoes and gives you a real nice, it's like
gliding, which you've never experienced that.
Hey, hey, why don't you put down the corn dog, pick up a carrot.
Where'd those muffin tops go?
They're gone and you can see really well because of all the carotene.
You can see everyone else's muffin tops and judge them.
Just, what if you were just constantly a hundred percent of the time doing like side bends
and twists like all the time.
No, no, no, no.
You don't want that.
You don't want, you don't want an hourglass shape.
That's what Jack LaLanne looked, didn't look what happened to him.
Didn't work out for him.
He only lived to be 143.
Yeah.
And he could bench press a Volkswagen.
He could beat up a fucking bull with his fists.
Jack LaLanne.
I miss you, Jackie.
I'm glad he's gone.
Wait, hold on.
Why are you glad Jack LaLanne's dead?
Because he scared me.
Because of his long life?
Yeah.
He intimidated me.
I did feel like he was, he was kind of, he was, I think, I think after 70, if you're
active, you're active in a real judgy way.
Like I think you're, you're judgy fit if you're past 70 and still fit.
To know that I, as a 27 year old male would not be able to outrun a 126 year old dude.
Sure.
It made me feel bad every day.
I woke up every day going, well, I'm not going to be as good as Jack LaLanne today.
When you see someone who is 151 goddamn years old, you're not supposed, you're not supposed
to see a muscly old.
If that's like seeing like a really, like seeing like a really tall cat.
Like it's just not, it's not a trait that that thing can have.
Right.
And there's that motherfucker who's always in the airplane magazines that, you know,
that one guy who's got an old man's head for the young man's body.
Yeah.
He said he did it with science.
That's that, that guy talk about nightmares.
He he is obviously the product of human beta cross breeding.
I'm going to be honest with you guys.
I don't know how Jack LaLanne died, but I assume it was like a Rasputin kind of thing,
right?
Yeah, he, they were stabbed 14 times and then wrapped in a carpet and thrown off a bridge.
That's the only way to bring him down.
I actually had to wake up in the middle of the night and put a steak in his heart.
It was really unfortunate.
His only weakness is being stabbed 14 times.
Someone had to blow off a dusty old tome to try that in for him.
Jack, you were trying to bring down a Jack LaLanne.
I believe I have one book here.
Pecure a true silver knife and then stab him.
Not 13, not 15.
The 15th shall reawaken him with more vitriol than ever.
Thou shalt not stab him a baker's dozen.
Upon the 16th Sabbath, he will arise again.
Try to sell you a juice machine branded with his name.
That's the secret, by the way, everybody.
Juice, juice, juice.
Can you just cut them off?
Cut those tops off and then stitch it, stitch it back together.
You don't got any organs in there, right?
Unless your kidneys get real lazy.
Just like, oh, I'll flop.
I'm not trying very hard.
I'm sleeping in a skin hammock.
That's what my kidneys sound like.
My kidneys are fucking old.
All kidneys are old.
So tired.
So tired.
You know, a new person can't be born until an old person dies and they take their kidneys.
We're using the same kidneys from Adam and Eve, guys.
Sure.
What about duct tape?
Duct tape it back.
Like give yourself a duct tape corset.
I like that.
Duct tape corset.
That was the band that the All American Rejects lead singer was in before he got-
They reformed without him.
Reformed without him.
It's duct tape corset.
I don't like that because then I'm imagining you taping up your rolls on the side and it
looks like it's going to look like your torso is smiling and it's going to be weird for everyone.
It's going to push up.
You can't squish a muffin top away because then you're just going to end up with like
a muffin chest piece.
That's what Christina Hendricks has been rocking that look.
I guess it's working out well for her.
Poor girl.
That poor, poor girl.
Yeah.
That's actually two muffin tops.
She's got a horribly deformed body.
Yeah.
She is really, really misshapen.
It's a real tragedy.
So sad.
Our national obsession with her has to end.
What are we teaching our children?
Tape up the muffin tops?
I saw a nine-year-old girl yesterday with a duct tape record.
I can't.
I actually thought I could, but it turned out that I can't.
So Chuck and Josh, we hope that that answers your question-ish.
Tape them up and get those Hendricks boobs.
They're going to love it.
Christina Hendricks look.
Sorry to the family of Jacqueline.
Sorry Jacqueline.
We didn't mean it.
We didn't mean it.
Yeah.
And if you want to listen to those guys, search iTunes for stuff you should know.
It is an informative podcast about a different topic every week.
And it'll make you an expert on things and make you interesting to talk to, unlike now,
where you just recite the bullshit that we say.
And that's all lies.
We make all that up.
Do you guys know what day it is?
Oh, shit.
It's our birthday.
We don't have to do it.
It's our birthday.
Stop it.
Happy birthday.
Um, I do have a, it's a, it's a day of the month though.
It's a month.
It's a special month.
Um, it is, I didn't pick it, but I'm going to say there's banana pudding lovers month.
And I don't think that's going to get anything better than that.
Uh, should you explain what you're doing?
Oh, every month we take a subject, a national month observance.
It's, there's gotta be a better way to say it.
Right?
Yeah.
Well, there's a better way to say it than stop doing it because it's our month's bit.
Every month Griffin makes me and Justin sad.
Sure.
Now, now we have another bit where Travis basically just screams nonsense for 10 minutes.
And I like it better than this bit.
But you like, you like his fucking Adam Sandler fucking riffs?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
How dare you, sir?
How dare you?
How dare you?
Jack and Jill in theaters.
Don't you fucking bring Jack and Jill into this.
Oh my God.
On Survivor this week.
I don't want to change this subject, but Survivor is actually a couple of weeks ago.
Their reward was an exclusive screen of Jack and Jill.
They, those other fuckers went on an island alone for 18 days.
Nothing.
No, no entertainment whatsoever.
They get to go to a theater and see Jack and Jill.
There was actually a Jack and Jill themed challenge.
And then the winner, the winner, and I use that like in the loosest sense of the word,
but like backwards sense of the word, got to go to a sort of straw theater and watch Jack and Jill.
Is it worth the challenge to vomit on a plate and see how many people you get to eat it?
Yeah, the game.
Yeah.
What a great metaphor.
Yeah.
Adam Sandler's been playing that game for years now.
Uh, and, and actually the year before was, was Gulliver's Travels.
Oh, Survivor.
Yeah.
Survivor.
That's just part of the-
It was, it was, I don't know if I would prefer to be the guy who fell asleep and fell into
a fire that one time.
He's got a better, he was watching Survivor this year and was like, well, it's way tougher
than it used to be.
They got to sit through Jack and Jill.
I, uh, I like to think that the people on that island think, man, we've only been here
for 18 days and already the civilized world has devolved into some sort of apocalyptic
movie scape where Adam Sandler plays every part in every movie.
All the actresses are dead.
All the actresses are dead.
All the actors are dead.
Save one.
Save the Sandman.
Save the Sander.
I wish you to, wish you to dreamland, take you away to an entertainment nightmare escape.
It's national impotency month.
Okay.
Oh, what a letdown.
Um, it is, oh man, it's not, not that much funny shit in this list.
You guys just want to do banana pudding lovers month and then pull it off like a bandaid.
Yeah.
Banana pudding lovers month would be great.
Yeah.
I like it.
I like to throw some pillow wafers in there.
Don't, of course, but of course.
How about, um, hey, get your dick out of there.
Yeah.
Banana pudding lovers month.
That's not where dicks go.
No, come on guys.
But I get it.
My brother, my brother and me.
Can we just work clean just once, please?
Yum, yum.
Looks delicious.
My brother, my brother and me.
Affordable and easy to make for the mom on the go.
Banana pudding lovers.
Nothing says I love you like a big bowl of banana pudding.
My brother, my brother and me.
Um, make this for your pet orangutan.
He'll love it.
He'll go ape.
He'll go ape for banana pudding.
Your pet orangutan will go ape for banana pudding.
My brother, my brother and me.
Only terrorists eat chocolate.
You don't like bananas.
You must be putting me on.
My brother, my brother and me.
Hello.
Hello Jello.
Banana pudding.
My brother, my brother and me.
It's good.
Time to do a jihad on rice pudding because you hate it so much.
Right?
That's good.
Like orangutans.
I guess bananas.
Like I'm really, I'm scraping grass.
I can see the appeal of banana pudding.
My brother, my brother and me.
That was a slip.
Um, uh, uh, hey, don't, don't split.
Stick around and have some welcome to my brother, my brother, me.
And if I show for your, your grandpa's grandpa, he's going to love these gags.
We're talking about Jacqueline.
We're doing some great pudding puns.
Next, next week.
Join us as Sid Caesar takes us on a journey to Laugh Town with his hilarious character.
Jui, Jui, Jui McMidget.
It's a Irish Jewish, uh, little person stereotype that, uh, I think you're really going to get
a kick out of that character.
He's been working on it, working at the cat skills, honing his character.
Make sure you and your g-pa turn in.
With special guys, Zero Mostel.
From Fiddler on the Roof.
It's going to be a great hour of entertainment.
Of course, we will have a mandatory prayer in the middle of it.
So it's going to be a really great night.
Come on out.
What's the best brand of battery for my hearing device?
What's up with the young people today?
Uh, if you and your g-pa show up 30 minutes early, you can hit the buffet.
Just $7.95.
Got some real nice borscht on there.
It's, uh, got some real nice potatoes.
It's a great, it's a great time for everybody.
So come on out.
Make my brother, my brother, and me the last thing you listen to before you die of old age.
We'll goof you to sleep.
Goof you to sleep, g-pa.
Here, we'll goof you up to heaven.
May a choir of angels goof thee to thy rest.
We are the Cracker Barrel podcast.
Come on down.
Yep, you're going to love it.
We're the sweatpants podcast.
Just slip us on and slip off.
Slip off to dreamland.
Slip off to dreamland.
Pop in those buds and think about your life.
Don't.
Hey, g-pa.
I don't want you to go out like Jack O'Lane with a bunch of gung-tofs stabbing you with
a silver knife.
I want you to die with dignity and jokes about banana pudding.
Tune in.
Did we cover all of our bases?
I feel like there's not a goddamn thing that I could have said.
I mean, we did.
We did make a bunch of jokes.
Yeah.
Orange, you glad I didn't say banana pudding?
What are we fucking doing anymore?
This isn't what-
Let's end the show.
Yeah, this is what we do now.
We tell jokes.
It's a joke for us to tell jokes.
If we tell a joke, it's so ironic that we would actually tell a joke rather than talking
about killing Jack O'Lane with a silver knife, that we're laughing at the fact that we actually
try to tell a few good jokes.
Justin, Justin.
Some solid gag.
Hey, that split thing I did, you remember?
That was good stuff.
A true silver knife.
If you stab Jack O'Lane with a silver knife, he will only get stronger.
And angrier and juicier.
Thank you to Chuck and Josh for sending in a question.
Thank you to you guys for listening.
I want to hear Griffin's last question, but first some super quick housekeeping stuff.
You know he's gonna-
Okay, I will prove the existence of ghosts this week.
If Jack O'Lane does not haunt any of us, ghosts don't exist.
We got a new shirt.
It is out.
It is a Peepum's Nasty Gum shirt.
It is at maxfunstore.com.
You can go there.
It is our second t-shirt.
It is a lovely brown color.
It advertises that you have terrible taste in gum.
Designed by Charlene Tadevsky, I think is what I'm gonna go with.
That's on a nice American Apparel t-shirt in camel and brown for the ladies.
It's dope.
It is dope.
And you can get over to Max Fun Store and pick that up for yourself.
Why not get a few for the holidays?
And you can save $5 when you buy three shirts.
So yeah, get that.
What else is going on, guys?
Can we talk about another important monthly observance that's going on?
Yeah.
It's Movember, which Justin and I are participating in.
Travis, the only person who can grow facial hair with any level of confidence,
for some reason, is not present.
I'm growing it right now.
But yeah, Justin and I are both raising money in Movember
to raise awareness for prostate cancer.
And yeah, if you search on the Movember site for either one of us,
you can find us and give us a donation.
And it's for a really great cause.
And I have never seen Justin with any facial hair,
so I just can't wait to see what happens on the lower half of his face.
But yeah, thanks to everybody who's already donated.
Joshua Kost, Don Schultz, both gave pretty sizable donations to me.
Very generous.
Thank you, gentlemen.
Thank you very much.
Our boy, Davin.
Davin Pavlis.
Thank you.
Thanks to everybody, seriously.
And yeah, if you give a donation, then I get your email address.
I will send you a personal email and name one mustache here after you.
That's the current deal.
And I'll send you good vibes.
Justin will just vibe out.
I'll just send those vibes straight out to you.
Make sure, by the way, we mentioned Jordan and Jesse go.
They're coming up on their 200th episode.
Is that this week?
It's next week.
Next week.
So make sure you tune into that.
If you would like us to talk about you and you're not our boss,
so you have to make us like Jesse, you can get on the Jumbotron.
It's maximumfun.org.
And we will do a personal message for you.
We also have forums at maximumfun.org as long as you're over there.
Go talk about the new episode, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Oh, Griffin, the big, the big, the big news.
Oh, yeah.
Let's drop this on me.
Travis, you want to do it?
No.
Seems appropriate if Griffin does it.
OK, Griffin, you do it.
So we've been planning some live shows for a while.
And the next one that we are trying to do,
we're going to go ahead and announce it on the show through our hat over the fence.
It's still in the planning phase, but I think it's going to come together.
Pretty good chance.
The weekend of December the 11th, right?
December the 10th or 11th, probably the 11th is when that will go down.
Yeah, it's a Sunday.
We are going to attempt to do a live show in my current home city of Austin, Texas.
So we will hopefully have more details for you next week.
Start planning on not doing any shit that weekend so you can come out and see us.
If you live in Austin or have lived in Austin and you have a good idea for a venue,
if you would email us at mbmbam.com.
A venue or a place nearby to get crazy afterwards.
Yeah, mbmbam.com at maximumfun.org and drop us a line.
We've got a few places in mind, but we haven't locked anything down.
And if you think you have a winning solution, then please let us know.
And yeah, we're going to get a combo spot would also be great
if we can perform there and then hang there.
Afterwards would also be awesome.
So yeah, that's the second weekend of December and I'm going to try and get it together.
Try to get Justin and Travis down here in the ATX.
Yeah, so that is our first one coming up.
That'll be actually our third live show.
We're trying to get to every city in this great land, but it's a big undertaking.
But we will have more live shows, some back at the East Coast, all over this great land.
So stick with us.
But if you're in Austin, clear your schedules because I promise that we will try.
Or Houston or San Antan, San Antany.
Now, San Antan, the S-A-X, is that the SACS?
Yeah, or what's the big one?
Dallas, yeah.
Dallas, you're pretty cool too.
Dax.
So Dax Shepard, Saxomophone, what's Hax or?
Hax.
And AXS, AXS.
And AXS Body Spray is our sponsor.
I have no idea what you guys are talking about.
Don't worry about it.
It's gibberish.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Longwinners for using the theme song Into Departure off
the album Putting the Days to Bed.
They're just such a great band, and we are honored that we get to use that song because
it's good.
It gets me so hyphy every week.
Yeah, gets you pumped.
I'd like to thank everybody on Twitter.
I just kind of threw out if anyone wanted to wish us happy birthday.
And I was just swamped by people wishing us happy birthday.
So I'm not going to read all of them, but thanks to Fart Store, Magic Whiskey, Krista
Whalen, Anaphylaxis, Bursar, all of you guys.
You're great.
And everybody else, you guys are awesome.
Thanks.
And guys, happy birthday.
Hey, thanks.
And thanks to people tweeting about the show, like Cast Iron Brick, Nick Kink, Demiposer.
Real Chase Fisher.
JT Homeslice, Alex Betty, Spikes and Beer, Purveyor of the Trash Monkey, Jesse Worker,
everybody, Karlie Violet.
You're all sweethearts.
We love you very much.
Let's shut this shit down.
Blow it up, Griffin.
This Yahoo answer, this final one was sent in by Jason Hellman.
Thank you, Jason.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Elacho who asks, can you train a cat to know when it's your
birthday?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, and me.
Kiss your dad.
Swear on the lips.
