The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome to the first My Brother, My Brother, and Me direct
from heaven. The Holy of Holies. Post-Rapture, got swept up, what's that, swept away? If you
didn't get left behind, you got swept away. Uh, and now we're here. We're up here and we did it.
We did it. It's super nice. Um, nobody has belly buttons, which is kind of weird. That was a
surprise. Um, and they, they show, uh, to catch a predator reruns all day cause that shows pretty
much always great to always goes down super smooth. There, there is one downside. Tell me.
Griffin got left behind. Griffin did get left behind. Uh, what we have done is made a deal with
the devil that once a week we can go back to earth to record an advice show for the modern era.
Uh, not this week, this week, Jesus let Griffin come up to see what he's missing. Guys, guys. Yeah.
You guys, seriously, me and Kirk Cameron are tight, tight bros now. Yeah. Did he get, wait,
did he get left behind? He did as sort of an envoy. Okay. That's his new, his new role is
Kirk Cameron envoy to the stars. Uh, it's just me and him just fucking rapping about bananas
and how good they are. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Is Kirk Cameron in bananas?
He's like super heavy. Never seen that, that clip that YouTube clip. Now he's like,
he talks about bananas and he's like bananas prove that God exists. Um, because there's just
so perfect. It's just so perfect. These bananas could not possibly be some sort of cosmic accident.
And like, I get it Kirk, like they're delicious and they fit right in your hand and they have
a natural shell and they have potassium and shit. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. They're delish.
Um, so, so yeah, it's just me and Kirk now. Wait, so everyone got swept up except you and Kirk
Cameron. Yeah. We are the only two people left on earth. Whoa. Is that weird? Is that awkward for
you? Uh, it was, I'll be honest, it was weird at first and I'll be even more honest. It's still
really weird. Still pretty weird, right? Still like pretty weird all the time. So, um, I miss,
I miss you guys. I miss, I miss everyone who isn't Kirk Cameron at this point. Um, oh wow. So,
so like a lot, there's a lot of people you miss. Is that weird to tell him that?
Fucking nonstop bananas. Like dude, I get it. Talk about something else. Like you were on
growing pains, right? Let's rap about growing pains. Please. Anything but these bananas.
What was it like literally anything else? The video game hoard. Was that fun? Just tell me
anything Kirk. So if Griffin had a question about how to best handle Kirk Cameron, he could turn to
my brother, my brother and me. It's an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother,
Justin McElroy heaven. I'm your middle, this brother, Travis McElroy. I am your youngest,
uh, he even his brother, I guess. That's true. Evilist heathenist. Well, let's, let's be honest,
Jewish ist of the three of us. I think that that no, that's fair. Yeah. You're the most Jewish,
I think. Which again, another huge point of contention between me and Kirk loves bananas.
Not quite as big a fan of the chosen people. Kirk loves bananas. Griffin loves Elaine Boozler.
I think she's just a hoot. Let's get it right in the questions. My, uh, six month anniversary is
coming up and I don't know what I should do. I've been told everything from just dinner to a movie
to flowers to jewelry. What? What do you guys think is the appropriate thing to do for six
month anniversary? I am 22. My girlfriend is 21. Our anniversary is on Monday the 23rd,
but I'll listen to your show in the morning and won't be seeing her to the evening.
So I will be able to act on your wisdom before I see her. That's from Joe. Joe,
do want to clarify real quick. We do not advise you take any of the advice we give you. There's
a lot of pressure on me. Now this feels like do you skip the first 45 seconds of the show?
Like how do you not know? Don't do our shit. Our shit is bad. The shit is bad. Now this,
what I'm about to say is going to sound like one of those like,
wow, Travis just said really bad advice. Wow. When Travis has to preface his bad advice,
you know it's about to get dirty. I'm almost certain that a six month anniversary,
what you have to do is say, oh hey, happy anniversary. It's been six months, I guess.
I go, you know, I'm going to go with Trav on this one. You do not want to set,
at if anything, the six month anniversary is the appropriate time for an expectations
lowering game. You do not want to start pushing the bar up. Is that just so you can flip it at
the one year when it really counts? Do a dynamite job at the years, but six months?
Just figure out right now what you are going to get her at one year and then cut that thing in
half and give, uh huh. Well cut like, baby, I got you this sweet diamond brooch. Uh,
just kidding. I got you half of a sweet diamond brooch because this doesn't matter what we're
doing or it will, it will in six months. And I do want to thank you for my gift,
crumbed lawn, a broad sword that cuts diamonds.
That was very thoughtful of you. You got me to give me crumbed lawn.
You got me the blessed sky blade and I used it and I cut. This is, this is Rufus. He is your dog,
but this is half of him. You'll get the other half in exactly six months.
If when in doubt, ask your partner, ask like, Hey, so we're going to do something for the six
month anniversary. What would you like to do? Yeah. Get that dialogue going now.
I want to treat you right. How do you want me to treat you?
Come back and be like, I want to do something special or more than likely,
she's going to come back and say, I don't really care.
I hear Burger King has a new sandwich. Let's check it out.
Honestly, man, six months. The victory is going to be that you remembered.
Yeah.
A card, a card. Yeah. I remember this. You impressed the odds were against me.
We're calling this, but I did. I triumphed over the odds. Um, I,
people who listen to this show regularly know that we have, we do have a romantic streak,
but this is the sort of empty sentimentality that I don't think serves anybody any good.
It only is like a stressor for you. And, um, it's false importance.
And, and just to break it down and take it a little bit further anniversary, like the word
means the celebration of a year gone past Anna is a year. So to say what it's a, what it's a
versary, a versary from the old times, a pagan ritual. We fucking did it. It means we fucking
did it in the old days. Like, like a couple of like sports players high-fiving in the changing
room. Oh yeah. Give your girlfriend a nice pat on the bottom and say good game. They said it
couldn't be done. That's a good tone to set for the day. Actually. They said it couldn't be done.
Maybe you should finally tell her that you love her, Joe. You've been holding onto that car for
a while. Joe, play that card. She's ready. Hey, get this next question. This is weird.
I've been dating my boyfriend for almost six months and we don't live together. I know.
It's a crossover. It's a crossover event. Uh, I have it sweeps. So we gotta go big. I have way
more vacation time from work than he does. And that sucks, but I want to be able. Did you like
the, uh, how emphatic I'm reading questions? You really got in there. I'm really bringing it.
And I want to be able to have fun with my time off. Even if he can't be with me,
I love to go backpacking and I'm in a backpacking group. That's not exists. Refuse to believe that
exists. That plans on five or six trips a year. There's an awesome one plan for the end of the
month. But my boyfriend said he can't get the time off from work. He is self described as very jealous
and he doesn't like any of the men he knows who are going on this trip. I want to go. He doesn't
want to go. And we've been fighting about it every day for too long. If you brothers tell me I'm
wrong, I am ready to give in help. Please. Controversial in California. Oh God, this is a
fucking sticky one. Listen, it is. That is exactly right. Cause things are going to get sticky on
that backpack. We know what happened on the backpacking trips. What do you have in that
backpack? Fucking whipped cream. Fucking those like the, the balls that you put in your butt
to make the sex feel better. We know. Why does your backpack say lube bag on it? We know what
you're doing in those deep, dark, stinky woods. We know what you're getting up to. Like don't
play us and don't play your boyfriend on these backpacking trips. When you want to keep bugs
away, you spray on because that's how, that's how on it is. That's how deeply, deeply on
uh, backpacking trips go. It gets sticky in there. It gets so sticky that the, that deep
has pheromones in it that just drives fellas wild. Hey, Hey Phillip, do you need me to help you
put your tent up? Bad news, Shelly. I already popped a tent. Check it down there. You done?
Did I mean my dick? That's what you did to me with your curves and your Berkeys and your Birkin
socks and your sweet khaki shorts. Let me get some of that gorp. I'm starving. I gotta carve
up before I love you. Uh, I, uh, I, oh man. Jealousy is a, is a bad vibe, especially for
somebody you've been with for six months. Like that six months is a really important amount of
time. I mean that, I think that that is, this is like one of those, we've been together six months.
He's got this big problem. How do I sort of step around it? And I honestly think that whether it's,
you know, whether this is your battleground or not, kind of get past that jealousy thing.
Yeah. That's it. Cause what jealousy, like the root of jealousy is always trust. You know what
I mean? Like, yeah. And guys will always say, people always say, it's not that I don't trust
you. It's that I don't trust everyone else. Yeah. It's like, well, you should probably still trust
me. And the root of a tree is a root and you got to get up in nature while it's still here. How much
longer do we have all these trees? Oh, you're saying I read an advantage. I read a science
book the other day and it was like, guys, we got like maybe another five or six years with these
trees and then they're all gone. And then they paved paradise and put up a parking lot, just the
whole planet, just one big parking lot. And then who's going to feel fucking silly. Then you have
to go backpacking through the tree museum. And then it's like, get those people out of here.
You're going to have these giant natural sex orgies and you won't have the shade provided by
mother nature. And everyone's going to get burns on their privates. Everyone's going to get private
burns. So just do it while you still can. God, you're so young. You're so young. Just go love the
world. Just get out there and love Philip. It's a guy you're backpacking with. Have fun. Eat some
gorp. Maybe you have a little sex. Climb a tree. Watch out for mosquitoes. And don't tell him about
what happens. Don't you ever tell him. Just to relieve your guilt that he'll never get over that.
Griffin. Three barn owls watched me have sex in a tree. It was the most spiritual erotic experience
in my life. Do you want to Yahoo? Is that what you were saying my name for? Who is boning so good
down there? Hey, how about this Yahoo? I'm going to go snatch a field mouse out of that man's.
Why does that man have a field mouse down there? This is weird. I'm going to turn that into a
bolus. Why is there a condom in this pellet? Hey science, get over here and look at this pellet.
Um, this Yahoo was sent in by Curly Head Poet. Thank you Curly Head Poet. It's by Yahoo answers
user Kevin B and it's the saddest thing I've ever read. Okay. Kevin B asks what do hugs feel like?
I see people hug in school all the time. What's it like? I've never hugged. I've never hugged
or been hugged by anyone. Can you please describe it in detail? Oh God, no.
Oh Jesus. I'm going to cry. I know. Oh, it got real. It got so real in here. Give me the guy's
name again. Kevin B. Kevin B. Kev. Um, I mean let's break it down. You're not that great Kev.
Yeah, hugs are gross. I wish I had never had a hug on me from a parent or family or a loved one.
It feels like the beginning of a Pixar movie where Kevin B now goes off and invents a robot
to hug him. I just can't. How do you go your whole life avoiding? I hug people. I work from home and
rarely leave my home and I still hug 10 to 12 people every day. Yeah. You know what Kevin,
you got to get out there and start hugging strangers. Is it possible he's like a human
porcupine? Oh, you think he's got porcupitis? Yeah. You guys remember that Dave Matthews
band video every day where you just like go, the guy wakes up and he just walks around the street
hugging people and it's like, lift me up love. And he just goes around hugging people. Uh huh.
You know that music, the music video I'm talking about. Yeah. Is that who that is? Uh huh. All
right. That's wow. Travis, you're like a fucking DMV. DMV scholar over there. Yeah. That's what you
got to do. You got to go get your hands dirty and by hands, I mean arms because hugging is a dirty
thing. Do you know how, you know, Dave Matthews band is weird because pretty much every band
that people like to brag that they were into them before something. I think that Dave Matthews band,
the more impressive thing is to, is to be a fan after. Yeah. I'm still into them. After violin
guy died, I was still there. Like I was still, I was into Dave Matthews band far, far, far after
it was fashionable. Even after he just became Dave Matthews and then realized he still needed his
band. I'm still there. Still there for him. Um, a lot of people heard American baby and were like,
oh, this is the worst goddamn song ever crafted by man. I can never listen to this band again.
A lot of people. Crank it up. I will see you in Charlotte. It was like a Dave Matthews rapture.
Yeah. And I was left behind. Um, hugs, hugs feel like you're wearing another person. Is that a
person jacket? It's like you're wearing another man or woman as a jacket or coat or scarf.
And they protect you. A lot of people say sex is like the closest the two people can be to each
other. I disagree. Cause I think sex is like a wet hug. Sex is like a wet hug. Go on.
You've got me so far. Sex is like a wet hug that you can only do with like one or two people
once you marry them. Okay. A hug, a dry hug, if you will, which is the parlance I'm going to use
for the rest of my life. A dry hug. That was a good dry hug we just had. That was a good dry hug.
It could have been moisture, but we don't, we're not at that level yet. Um, I think a dry hug is
the second closest you can be to a person, I think, but you can do it to more people and you won't get
any STDs unless, can you? From a hug? Yeah. A really good dry hug. I don't know if you're at
a Dave Matthews band concert. Absolutely. Certainly. Certainly. You're not coming out of that,
that, uh, dog pile without a few fleas, a few sex fleas, you know, if you know what I mean,
I think you do. Um, as a, as a home brewer, a few times every year, I host a beer party
to share my works with about 10 to 15 friends. I decided trying this with an MB and BAM listening
party could be fun. I would be compelled, however, to make a brothers McElroy ale,
which brings me to my question. What should it be in the BIM BAM brew? What should it be called?
Brian? Hmm. I think my BIM brew. My BIM brew is pretty good. Yeah. My brewski, my brewski and me.
That's good. What about, what about sex gas? Like it gives you that, it gives you like the energy
that you need to make sex. Sex fuel. That seems, I would never say that about beer. I've never,
I've never, I can't think of a single beer I've ever drank where I felt more virile after
consuming the beverage. Um, I would like it if it had notes of coriander. Okay. And blueberries.
Fennel seeds just floating in there. I don't want the flavor of fennel seeds. I want whole fennel seeds.
Whole fennel seeds. You know what? Let's just say, think of all the flavors and notes and hints
you could get into a beer and just put them all in there and call it my brother, my brother and me
flavor explosion. What if, um, what do you. It would be disgusting. Like hands down. What do I like?
I like beer. A crisp pale ale. Um, I also like candy. So, um, what if we threw some Skittles
and Starburst into a pale ale and we called it my brother and my brother and me candy beer?
Candy beer. Candy beer for kids. For the rest of us. Diabeardies. I've always thought of pale ale
to be like a medium through which candy can be delivered. I've just never had the, the,
I don't know, courage, I guess, to mix those two worlds together. Hey Brian, this is pretty good
beer. This, uh, sex fuel that you've made, uh, this MB&B AM sex fuel. Uh, why is there a whole
Werther's original in, in the bottom of this? How do you even do that? Is I'm trying to get drunk,
but there, this, this beer is just full of gummy worms and I don't know how to think. I don't know
how to deal with that. Brian, this is delicious. Are these sugar babies? Cause I didn't even know
they made these anymore. Where did you find sugar babies, Brian? This beer kind of tastes
like Necco wafers and I'm upset about it. Who could I talk to? But I'm getting drunker. I am
drunk. That's good. Isn't this bubble tape? The whole beer is wrapped in bubble tape. That sounds
delicious. There's some, there's a lot of possibilities here. A lot of spaces we could
explore. Actually, it doesn't even have to be the same candy in each beer. Like we, one could,
like you could buy a six pack and in that six pack, oh, this one's got dots and this one's got
a bit of honey and this one has an entire Snickers bar. How did they get that Snickers bar in there?
This is incredible. They must have brewed it in there like the mouse in the Coke bottle.
So Brian, I look forward to drinking your beer. Travis made beer one time. You remember that?
Yes. How would you rate the flavor factor of the beer that you made?
I thought it was just fine. Okay. Did it do the job? It did. I always think that's a satisfying
drunk. The drunk that you made yourself. It's like the little red hen though. Cause no one
would help me brew the beer, but then everyone wanted to help me drink the beer. That's not true
at all. Except no one wanted to drink the beer. Yeah. It's like the little dead hen.
My BF broke up with me six months ago and I was devastated. He moved home. We only talk about once
a month now. He constantly texts me saying I miss you or I've been thinking about you a lot, or
I am still very much in love with you. Oh no, no. She's still very much in love with him
and is confused by the mixed signals. What's the deal? Confused and love. The most bullshit.
He's such a cocksucker. I fucking hate this dude. Insanely. What a bitch. Fuck that guy.
Hey, try this one on for size. Next time he texts you with any of that garbage or anything at all,
I don't care if it's like a mass happy birthday Jesus Christmas text. Tell him to go fuck himself.
Yeah. Go right and fuck himself. Trust me on this one. Burn this fucking bridge. This
cocksucker moved on, said I'm going to find a BBD that of course stands for as developed by Richard
Ginny in the hit film The Mask. A bigger, better deal. He went on for the BBD and he got some other
something that he liked better. Something new. A girl he met at a Dave Matthews band concert.
Hey, before these crowded streets, I want to have sex with you behind the port of John.
And then he moved on. It's hard for you to move on. Next time he texts you, just right away text
back. Go suck a dick. What he's doing is he's either A stringing you along so that when he
comes to visit, he's going to try to sleep with you. No strings attached. Like that movie. No
strings attached. Exactly like the movie. No strings attached. On DirecTV now. Or he's using
you as an outlet for like he's kind of lonely sitting at home and he wants to flirt with
somebody and he thinks you're low hanging fruit and you need to tell him to fuck right off.
You are the highest hanging fruit. You are perched atop the tree like a Christmas star.
You are not in love with him. You may think you are. You're not because he's an asshole.
Listen, he may be just not that into you as they say. Available on DirecTV. Available on DirecTV now.
But you need to get out of this sort of this tete-a-tete. You need to stop being into him
at all. You need not to be. Whatever the opposite of into somebody is, you need to be that.
Do you want me to fight him? Griffin will fight him for your love. That's what we're saying to
you. And it would mean more to me. That's for god damn sure. I need it. I'll fight for it.
Griffin needs to fight somebody for something god damn it. How about a yahoo answer? Yeah.
Um, how about this? Uh, this one was sent in by Gali Ayali. Thank you, Gali Ayali. It's by yahoo
answers user Yeti Education Committee. Do you want to go ahead and imagine what the tone of
this question is going to be? Somebody finally step up and started educating these yetis.
Yahoo answers user Yeti Education Committee asks, do you think it is possible for Yeti
to accept Jesus Christ as their savior or does God not want Yeti in heaven?
Assume the Yeti speaks English, the language of Jesus.
Fuck me. Fuck. Okay. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. This question supposes so many things. First of all,
do people who not speak English, are they just automatically, they just don't get to go to heaven?
Uh huh. Okay. That shouldn't be my main problem with this question, but nope. It's the first thing
that gets sprung to mind. Yetis have souls, I think, but they're like pet souls. Every rock
and tree and creature has a soul. Rocks I'm going to quibble with you on. Okay. And probably trees.
All right. Well trees grow. What kind of trees? Not fir trees. No, fuck fir trees. Deciduous trees.
Deciduous trees have souls. Caniferous? No. No. Are you saying you don't want trees in heaven?
That's what this, that's what this has to boil down to. I don't want deciduous trees in heaven.
God may or may not want Yeti in heaven. I certainly don't. What if like maybe he lets him in heaven,
maybe he doesn't, but he starts spreading a rumor that there's some Yetis up there.
Wouldn't that be a bummer if you got to heaven and again the existence of the Yeti was not confirmed?
It was, it was rumored like can you leave giant paw prints in clouds? All right. If, if my choices
are to be ever tortured by the possibility of Sasquatches. Yeah. Or to have my, to be literally
tortured by having my arms torn off by Sasquatches, which is their favorite activity. Yeah. I would go
with the former every time because I love my arms. I hug with them. If you're Kevin's friend,
of course, that wouldn't, wouldn't matter so much. Wouldn't be quite so big of a deal,
but I'm not, I'm, I don't, I'm not acquainted with Kevin. I like my hugs.
The Sasquatch that is a, is a mythical creature, which means that he comes down from heaven
whenever he's on earth. Like if you see him on earth, that means he's
vacationing basically from heaven. The Yeti is an angel?
Yeah. He's down there spreading the word of God in English, Jesus' language to the penguins.
Do you guys know my favorite episode of Touched by an Angel?
It's the one where the Yeti came down and fucking hung out with that Scottish chick.
Touched by a Yeti.
I like the one where Roba Downey-
Crushed by a Yeti.
I like the one where Roba Downey ripped that dude's arms off.
I'm a Yeti sent by grrrrrrrrrap.
Give me that arm.
Arms ripped off by an angel.
I, uh, I, uh, I think the big surprise for this guy is gonna be when he gets to heaven
and Jesus is a Yeti.
This whole time.
I know you guys were like arguing-
He speaks Arabic.
You guys were arguing like, is he white? Is he Arabic? What's this? Nope, you missed it.
Not even human. I'm a Yeti.
Yeti.
Guess what? The big man, big God, he's a Yeti too. I'm cutting his image.
Pretty much everybody. Loki, he was a Yeti.
He's a Yeti. He's up here making tricks and jokes.
Thor is half Yeti.
Thor is half Yeti. Jim Morrison was a Yeti this whole time.
Full blown Yeti.
Jim Morrison won't be in heaven.
Don't be ridiculous.
Jim Belushi, complete Yeti.
Shaved Yeti.
Getty Lee, his actual name is Yeti Lee.
He's not dead yet, but he is a Yeti.
Yeah, that's where he gets all his base groups from, from his Yeti powers.
Bootsy Collins, most bases and bands are Yetis.
Most people you see on the streets are Yetis, I would say.
Guys, I have something to tell you.
Yeah, tell me.
I'm a Yeti.
That's why I didn't get into heaven, because I'm already like a resident.
We've been saving it for the season finale, and this is the twist.
Shocking reveal of my true nature.
I've got Yeti DNA and skin and like Yeti skin and fur and teeth and stuff.
That person you had the live show didn't look like a Yeti.
It's because it wasn't me.
What?
It was an actor?
It was my familiar.
Every Yeti gets a familiar.
A one human familiar.
So that was mine.
His name is Mike.
He's pretty cool, I guess.
Yeah, that's just something I hope that you will still let me do the show.
Honestly, Griffin, I don't know that I'm comfortable.
I think after the summer, we'll leave this as like a cliffhanger.
To recap, Griffin told us a Yeti, and we may not let him stay on the show.
Bernard, our lovable lab tech, was shot in a hold up, and he's in the alley.
We don't know if he's going to live or die.
He has no arms, but I had nothing to do with that.
Stop trying to pin this on me.
Especially you without arms.
That's impossible.
Could be so Yeti-ist.
Yeti-phobe.
Yeti-phobe.
Griffin, all this talk of Yetis has watered my mouth for money.
Yeah, me too.
Such a happy trip to the Money Zone this week.
First off is our buddy Michael McLaughlin, who wants to congratulate his friends
Jenny and Zach on their recent wedding.
Travis, tell me about Zach and Jenny Murphy.
Well, they've been together for six years, beginning of their sophomore year in high
school.
Wow, high school sweethearts.
Love it.
They said it wouldn't last, and look at them killing it.
They have a beautiful child named Kennedy.
Have they been together for six years, or have they been together for 12 six-month periods?
It's something to think about.
Jenny is a big fan of podcasts, especially our podcast.
Zach, not a fan.
He's not enjoying our show.
Door's that way.
Hey, Zach, don't let it hit you where Yeti God split you.
He will tear you in half.
By that, I do mean tear your arms off, yes.
All right, so we got some good vibes going on to you guys from Mike, Courtney, and Kyle.
That's Courtney with a K in case you know Courtney with a C.
And Kyle with a C.
And Kyle with a C.
And Jenny with an I.
Mike with an R.
Zach with a T.
They wish them all the best and many happy years.
How many, can we make that less, can we just clear that up like exactly how many years?
For $100, they get 20 happy years.
Whoa.
If he had paid a little bit more, we can guarantee you up to 25, 26 to 27 years tops.
Enjoy the next two decades because it's all downhill after that.
Well, then they can re-up and pay another $100 for another 20 years.
I can't guarantee the same rates, but yeah, they can re-up.
Oh no, by that point.
With inflation and whatnot, it will be like a thousand Mars dollars.
And the popularization of space credits, sure.
Yeah.
Also another one, Ryan Math wants to congratulate his girlfriend Kat Crosslin
on getting admitted to the NYU nursing program.
Nice.
Hey, congrats.
Way to go, Kat.
She's currently living like a bum without a job in Brooklyn.
I say like a boss without a job in Brooklyn
till she starts nursing school in September while the rest of us slave away in the heat.
So Kat, that's exciting.
We're proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you too.
I'm not proud that you don't have a job.
What's up with that?
Just because you're in school, you think you're too good for employment?
I will emphatically say that I do not respect your choice to not be employed,
but it sounds like Ryan's able to pay to have us take congratulations.
So he's obviously rolling in it.
Could I suggest as a job freelance nursing?
That's illegal, I'm pretty sure.
Oh, so like he gets, she gets like an early start before she knows anything.
Yeah, so she just starts rolling around and like she sees someone fall down,
she slaps a bandage on him.
She's like, that'll be 10 bucks.
Well, listen, from what I know about nursing, it's a lot of disimpacting bowels,
which I'm not sure you want to do to a stranger.
There's a lot of touching dick, like shaving dick, like a lot of shaving dicks.
Like Kat, I don't mean to burst your bubble, but this is a life that you have subscribed to.
Um, and maybe you don't want to do that to strangers on the street.
Uh, I'll, I'll shave a stranger's balls.
Maybe she could have me come in as a sub, as a substitute.
Like tag team those balls.
Now, Justin, were you going to finish that sentence with for money?
Are you just saying like in general, you're out of money?
Yeah, that's what I, that's what I meant.
It would have to be for money.
Sure, for money.
I wouldn't, I wouldn't shave a man's scrotum for free.
Well, it depends on the man, right?
Like, um, what if it's George Lucas?
I wouldn't mind hanging out with him for like a minute or however long.
Well, it depends on what the minute is.
Like for that minute, I think I would mind it pretty bad.
You can't think of it like a person you want to hang out with so much that like you wouldn't
want to hang out with Elvis Costello so much that you wouldn't mind that during that minute
you'd be shaving his balls.
There's not a human being on this God's green light.
On God's green earth.
On all of history.
On all of history?
There's not a single person in history whose balls I would shave to hang out with.
Thomas Jefferson.
You wouldn't shave his balls so you can hang out with the father of America.
No.
George Washington.
He had slave wives for that.
Amadeus.
Amadeus, he was hairless.
Nikolai Tesla. Tesla fried all his ball sack hair off in a failed experiment and he looked
like David Bowie.
I'm going to reject the person question.
David Bowie.
David Bowie?
Cosplaying as Nikola Tesla maybe.
In the hit film Prestige.
Prestiginist.
That's all I could- those are the best people that I just named that have ever happened
to us.
Yeah.
Why don't you give me a quick list there?
Where- where'd he?
Your future child all grown up.
Think-
Oh God.
Think about that.
You're saying- you're saying to get to see him, this future theoretical baby, as an older
adult.
Well he's grown up, he's an adult.
He's all grown up.
Like see- okay, if I could see all- if I could see all of my ancestors, like through history,
like the ones that would come after me, if I could see you down that particular future
well, like seven, eight, nine, ten generations down, I would shave each of their balls to
get to meet that, because I think that would be pretty special.
I found it!
I knew I could find it if I went long enough.
You could get a sports almanac from one of them, where you get all kinds of sweet facts
and it'd be like, what's the secret to your success?
And it's like, oh I shaved my grandson's balls.
I shaved my great-great-great-grandson's balls.
So congratulations, Kat.
Oh, this is gonna be a fun jingle.
Yeah, yeah, well I almost moved on without the jingle that they paid for.
Oh Christ.
I forgot that we do these, because I haven't done it in a while.
Nope.
Nope?
Something old and something new And something borrowed, something blue
And something shaved and shorn and shiny Yeah, the first thing is about Zach and Ginny
They got married yesterday And the other thing is about
Justin and Kat Crosland They formed a crime-fighting team
Shaving grandson balls They are the worst crime fighters
That I've ever seen They don't fight crime
They fight hair on balls Happy wedding
I edited that one on a minor chord to show how very displeased I was with that jingle.
That was the worst jingle I've done so far, and I'm sorry that you paid for it.
Well, it beats shaving your great-great-grandnephew's balls, that's for sure.
I think it's time for Yahoo Answers.
Yeah, I think so too.
Okay, this one was sent in by Question Mark.
Thank you, Question Mark.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Bill Steven, who asks,
How can I touch my girlfriend in class?
Me and my girlfriend want to touch each other, just squeeze her ass or squeeze her boobs,
but we can't hang out after school because she's grounded.
We only have one class together and we sit in the back and I need to know how I can do
that kind of stuff without anyone like other kids or the teacher seeing us.
Help, please.
So, like, they're like,
Hey, Jennifer, can I come by after school and maybe just squeeze your boobs?
Oh, Alyssa, Alyssa, I am going to squeeze your boobs all night long.
Hey, this is a text from me.
I just wanted you to start thinking about how I'm going to squeeze your boobs tonight.
There is nothing more romantic than just, like,
a vicious, unending groping of someone's bottom and or breasts.
I can- I will latch onto that boob, that left boob,
and I will just hang on it all night like a three-toed slob.
It's going to feel so great, Jen.
I hope you don't have to run to the convenience store for anything last minute,
because once Griffin's on there, he is not coming off.
Are we done?
Are we- are we- because I'm latched.
You are done moving.
I bought these special gloves.
It's like putting on sweatpants.
Once you're in, you're in for the night,
so get comfortable with the fact that he is going to be groping your boob that hard.
I've got a- I've got a dry hug that I do that involves squeezing a boob for hours.
I'm like the sting of boob squeezes.
Also, really sorry about the bruises.
No, that's the thing.
I might- I'm so good at it that I don't-
Like a tantric hug?
I don't leave any evidence.
Now, as far as the question asker,
if you want to do this kind of stuff in school,
first- the first thing you gotta do is take a bullshit class.
Cooking would work.
Acting.
That- if you have a theater class, oh, forget about it.
That's where the gropes are happening.
Are they by the most attractive people?
Nah, you know, probably not.
There are people on, like, berets and-
Does your school offer a, um, like a mammogram training seminar?
Because that would be- that would be very on the nose.
Also, you could consider a big blanket.
There are- there are- there are laws that prohibit a school from-
because of religious reasons-
that prohibit a school from looking underneath a big blanket.
And then maybe your math teacher is going to be very confused
as to why you've spread a big blanket over two desks in the back row.
So you just tell him, I'm a blanketarian, and I don't like the persecution
that you're putting me through.
I'm going to bring a civil- a civil trial against you.
I am quiltish, and I don't actually appreciate this hate that I'm getting from you.
Why are you so anti-Snuggie, is what I want to know.
You know what's going to be embarrassing, though?
When there is a quiltist, like, a real one right next to him,
they'll have to look at him with that judgment.
Aren't Quakers- aren't Quakers quiltists?
Isn't that a thing?
Mm-hmm.
Don't- isn't that one of their beliefs?
God damn it, you guys, I miss high school.
Do you remember when the biggest concern in your life
was that you wanted to squeeze a boob?
And you were like, oh, how do I- there aren't enough hours in the day.
I gotta- I gotta come up with some sort of heist
so that I can squeeze boob through school because that's all I think about.
You're standing there looking at your- the schedule and your trapper keeper,
and you're like, well, I got math at 11, and then I have band at 12.30.
When am I supposed to squeeze in squeezins?
If I eat my lunch really quickly, maybe we can go out into the commons
and hide behind a tree, and I can squeeze a fucking boob.
Do you remember the feeling of it being three o'clock in the afternoon?
Yeah.
And you are done with your day?
Like, you don't have fuck all else to do.
Yep.
Yeah.
Being an adult is like, be at school all the time forever.
Like, you're never not at school when you're an adult.
But I have to say, my- my boob squeezing career improved drastically
after I got out of school.
So I guess that there's a trade-off is what I'm saying.
It's like school that you can never get out of,
but there's so many more boobs to squeeze.
Uh, I- I- I- I'm in a bit of a pickle.
I- see, a lot of- a lot of emotion this week I'm bringing.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, I have to plan a bachelorette party, but here's the kicker.
We can't have booze.
The other bridesmaids don't drink for religious reasons.
Sorry, Padre, I stopped drinking for religious reasons.
Can- I don't care how much you offer me this vino.
Uh, the only reason I drink is to party, to get down.
No religious- no religious drinking for me.
Now I have to come up with something sassy and fun that doesn't involve drinking.
I got it.
And I'm betting that penis paraphernalia, uh, will be frowned upon as well.
That's from bum-fuzzled bridesmaid in Nashville.
Cashville.
You know what's always fun with parties?
Yeah, like to do a theme party and your theme could be worst party ever.
Yeah, bad.
What's your theme?
It's bad is my theme.
The theme is boring.
We do boring things.
Like you're gonna have a party without drinks or dicks?
No dick paraphernalia?
What's the point?
I want to know.
It sounds like the- the problem is I feel like the premise of a bachelor slash bachelorette
party is one last time to cut loose and be stupid and like, let's do something that you're
not going to be able to do once you're married.
So we're going to go, you know, say it's a bachelor party.
You're going to go drink all day with the boys and play miniature golf.
But to say I need a really chill party that fits into the bounds of religious specifications
is like, well, then don't have the party.
What is- what is her- what is her, like, the way that she cuts loose that she won't be
able to anymore after she gets married?
Maybe you kind of focus on that.
Like maybe you get all the girls together and watch a marathon of NCIS LA and talk about
how hunky Chris O'Donnell is.
Oh my gosh.
I think of that time Chris O'Donnell takes his shirt off, you take a bite of a cookie.
Yeah.
Not a dick shaped cookie.
With no nuts.
You have one time in your life, one time, where you're allowed to eat dick shaped foods
and it's during your bachelorette party because it's fun.
It's fun and it's funny.
Why would you give that up?
You don't get to do it again.
I just don't get it.
You know what you should do, though?
Tell me.
You just squeeze each other's boobs all the time.
That's a good feeling.
That's okay, right?
I guess that's permissible.
I'm saying dry hugs all around.
Dry hugs with boob latching.
With optional boob latching.
You know, there'll be so many girls latched onto boobs, it's gonna look like somebody's
playing barrel of monkeys in there.
Like you just can't even start to separate this tangle.
Exacto mundo.
I just recently discovered that I am gay.
I couldn't be happier.
Well, that's the definition of it, isn't it?
However, I had been going out with a girl for a few weeks before my discovery and now
I need to end it between us.
How could I break up this relationship while keeping her as a friend?
Oh, no.
Mitch, Mitch, I can't stress this enough.
You need to just flat out break up with her.
Do not mention the gay thing.
She can never know, ever.
Although she probably kind of does a little bit.
Probably knows.
She probably knows.
But you can break up with her for any reason.
I would rather you break up with her because she's really fat.
Even if she's not fat, she's like, I'm breaking up with you because you're fat.
Then tell her you are breaking up with her because while with her, you realize that you
want to be with someone who's the complete opposite of her.
Physically, biologically, the complete opposite.
Hormonally, like this is the opposite of you.
I get what you're laying down.
I want not that, basically.
I want the reverse of that.
Maybe you can, maybe the best way to end this is for her to mix the disappointment of the
relationship ending with the satisfaction of knowing all along that you were gay.
Like maybe you walk up to her and just be like, hey, you got me.
Catch you later.
And you guys are done here.
God damn, this must, I'm trying to piece together a timeline of Mitch's discovery.
Okay.
He's been dating this girl for a few weeks.
A few weeks, how did, was it, it's like flipping a switch, right?
Like a few weeks ago, you were like, toad straight, gonna, me and Jennifer are gonna
be together, full Fs.
And then at some point in the past few weeks, that just seems like an awfully long amount
of time or a short amount of time to just be like, gay now.
I'm pretty much gay now.
I'm pretty much, I like guys now.
She was, she was probably, part of an extensive, maybe sort of like a denial type thing.
You're my like, she was, he was trying to convince himself, trying a little something
of everything, you know, like a little trying anything to sort of keep, keep that part of
himself sort of quarantine busted loose.
It's like your first plate at golden corral.
You get, you get a little bit of steak and you get a little bit of fried chicken and
you get a little bit of pasta, a little bit of potato salad, and then you try them all.
And your second plate, you know that you're supposed to focus on fried chicken.
And your second plate, you get dick.
And the second plate, you get, oh, just a buffet of dicks.
This is a special thing.
And this is good.
This is great.
And we're all very proud of you.
She won't be, though.
She's not proud talking in general.
I mean, in this one specific conversation.
All Charles is saying is, in this conversation, he is embarrassed to be gay.
This is the one where it's okay.
Do not expect any high fives is what we're saying from this particular woman.
But on the upside, honey, I'm really happy.
So I'm like the happiest I've ever been.
I wish maybe things would have been different if you could have made me feel this happy.
But we are beyond that point in the conversation.
And now I I'm I'm gay now.
Hey, listen, if I'll cheer you up, maybe you're in bed.
I'll introduce you to Tim Gunn.
How would that be?
Wait, what?
Hold on.
Because we've already established that this has been a sudden, immediate thing.
Like a switch flipping.
You're saying that as soon as that switch gets flipped, Tim Gunn.
In your email the next day, welcome aboard.
When you join MySpace and Tom is immediately your friend.
That's exactly what it's like.
Like when you turn 100 and the president sends you a letter.
Yeah, sort of like that.
And some smuckers.
Is that right?
Yes.
Is that what the president does?
Yeah.
So so I think that he'll really I think that that'll help to turn turn that frown upside down.
And you know what?
She's everybody remembers the guy they were with when he discovered he was gay and he didn't want
to be with you.
You got to make sure that you're the first and only person this ever happens to.
That's the important thing.
It can happen once and it's funny.
If it happens more than once, it's a it's abysmally devastating to her.
What you've got to do is make sure she doesn't date any more secret gay dudes because because
then it would be bad.
You've got to be like Batman for her, except you're protecting her from secret homosexuals.
So you have to be her.
Although I do think Frank Gorshin was a secret homosexual for what it's worth.
You have to be her dark super gay knight.
Yeah, protecting the city by it by wearing leather, wearing leather.
And are you saying like you should like blow a dude in front of her?
Like, never forget this.
Keep this in your mind forever.
Remember this feeling.
If you see her talking to a guy who is secretly gay, you need to stand next to her and just
kind of shake your tush a little bit like a distraction.
Look at how you look at.
He likes this.
I bet he likes this.
You don't want to have anything to do with this guy.
Where's Falcone?
I'm gonna fuck him.
Don't forget this.
Remember this feeling.
Remember this pain.
Pray to me.
I want to hear Griffin's last question, but first super quick.
We have we neglected to do this last week, and we have to say this week.
Patrick and Jimison both got MBMBAM tattoos.
One of them got at MBMBAM, one of them got hashtag MBMBAM.
Here's the fun thing about this.
Jimison, professional tattooer.
Yeah.
Patrick, never a tattooer, nary a tattoo applied to a human body.
Has he done?
It's unthinkable.
This whole this whole setup.
The whole setup is bad.
But I'm proud of them, and I'm grateful.
I'm very grateful for it.
Certainly.
They joined the tattoo club, MBMBAM club of three.
Which if you want to join that club, I really ask you to just sit down for a second.
Talk to a loved one.
Maybe take a look in that deep, dark, truthful mirror and really consider the possibilities
here.
But if you go for it, we're happy.
God bless.
Immediately let us know.
Yeah, do send us pictures.
Just a reminder, June 12th, we are sold out for our Cincinnati show.
Tickets sold so briskly.
I think we pretty much have got to do one again soon.
But yeah, and not that I'm encouraging this, but there is going to be a waiting list day
of in case people don't show up.
So if you're in the area, I wouldn't recommend driving like eight hours hoping to get in.
But if you're in the area and you didn't get a chance to get a ticket,
feel free to stop by the theater and check and see if maybe there's some seats available.
Should we talk about our opener?
We got an opener for the show.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dizzy Gillespie.
Dizzy Gillespie is coming back for the dead.
Uh, no, you're close though.
You're not too far off.
Felicia Gillespie.
Oh, yeah, I mixed them up.
She mixed them up.
She's a stand up comedian, super funny.
Uh, we, we reached out to her and she was, she was into it.
She's going to be there.
Um, going to do some comedy before we do some jokes.
Do us a favor and we'll remind you there, but like buy our CDs or something.
Like tell her that she did a great job and buy our stuff.
I don't think I do not think that they are going to need us to tell them to do that.
And we're going to do that.
She's so fucking funny.
We, we were, I can't like, I am no lie.
We, when the three of us were all together in Ohio, we sat down and instantly like,
we're like, yeah, she's great.
Yeah.
We were watching her clips and they were, she's hysterical.
So look her up.
She's going to be opening for us and we couldn't be happier about it.
We're stoked.
Um, uh, real quick.
NBNBAM app experience, uh, if you search on iTunes or droid store for NBNBAM,
you'll find our app.
It's, you can stream all of our episodes.
Um, you can ask us a question directly from the app, uh, that we have extras on there.
Occasionally we'll put in like a deleted bit or something.
What's on there right now?
I never wondered what a Pgasm was.
Pgasm.
Is that what's on there right now?
The Pgasm?
That was our latest, uh, goof.
I, uh, I want to wish a happy birthday to close personal friend of the show, Kristen
Hott.
Uh, so happy birthday.
Actually it's Travis wrote happy birth dat, which is that.
So run tell dat, happy birthday.
Is that run tell dat birthday that you just had.
I hope it was happy, Kristen Hott.
Uh, and that's, oh, uh, oh, we got a new t-shirt design coming.
Um, it's going to be really good.
It's the fucking best design.
You guys, it's so, Justin Russo like out did himself.
You guys are going to take those old NBNBAM shirts you have and you're going to
throw them right in the garbage.
Cause they are poop compared to this gym, but don't do that though.
Um, no, don't do that.
Uh, thanks to everybody who's out there.
Thanks to, uh, the future cat and the future cat's, uh, friend, Russell, who Russell
turned the future cat on the show.
And then the future cat was spreading the word, um, is this an actual, is this an actual
cat from the future?
Yes.
Yeah.
Be afraid.
Yeah.
Waring Blender, Carly, um, shoes out there, Rory, Michelle, as always.
I want to give a shout out to like our, one of our newest listeners, WarrenG1983, just
started listening to the show.
Um, and a big thank you to Matthew Oden, who apparently tried to pimp our sampler to our
friend, Sarah Benincasa.
And, uh, that's the whole show that we have for you.
We'll be back next week with another podcast.
We hope that you'll, uh, subscribe to us on iTunes or through your RSS feed so you can
make sure to, to hear it all.
And, uh, Griffin hit us with that last question.
Uh, this is the last question.
I'm standing by John Ireland.
Thank you, John.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Jacob Magnetti, who asks, what can I use as an alternative
to milk to get the calcium I need for strong, healthy boners?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother and my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Let's go wear on the lips.
Keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three stacks, these girls are smart.
Play your part.
