The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother I mean if I show for the margin era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother Travis big dog woof woof
Well, I'm sweet baby Griffin. What's wrong? Trap? I just feel like we're in them dog days of summer
You know we live show and that was great. That was definitely a high point
Yeah, the one that people can still
Get and watch for ten bucks. They got a bit that I live for it slash NB NBA and virtual. Yeah, that's the way
No, now I feel like we're in them summer doldrums
Yeah
You know
You know trap. I don't feel that way at all. Oh, really. I want to yes
And you but the family pulled in 70 million dollars this weekend, and I just so fucking stoked for these room lords
then Michelle
Tyrese yeah
Wait, everybody does fast and the furious movie
Oh, yeah, dude F9 pulled it in
with 70 million dollars biggest
Film opening ever during a global pandemic that is still ongoing
Biggest whatever name fucking winter Malton said 9's got me feeling fine in his official review
I don't know if the man has passed away or not. My doldrums are cured. That's all
now now Justin
Previously, I believe I believe uh back on how maybe it was even as far back as Thursday
I believe it was you who is saying that there is a
Newspaper in Seattle that did a review of fast and the furious 9 and called it the Muppet babies of
The fast of the furious franchise. Yes, that is correct Travis, but that wasn't that wasn't a bad thing
It wasn't a pejorative now. What does it mean that I've been thinking about it for five days
Five days. Well, what could it just hold on? Wait, it's so important
This is now a f9 watch and we get it's a we didn't set that we usually say that at the start
But this has slowly evolved into a f9 watch and we're here now. Okay, good
Okay, can I fact-check something real quick?
Yes rotten tomato says this is the latest film in the saga the ninth that is actually the tenth
What okay. Yeah. I mean are we counting Hobbs and Shaw? Are we killing?
Okay, that's
It is part of the saga
It's canonical it's part of the Steven's cigar
Honestly, they should just call this one fast and the furious one cuz it's the first one that John Felix Anthony Cena is a part
of welcome to the scene
Jonathan you you beautiful invisible man with your mini armbands
Do you think he has that clause in his contract that he can't lose a fight? Oh
Oh my god, then what happens when he fights the rock?
We are working towards a point where the rock and John Cena and Vin Diesel would get in a fight with each other
All three of them contractually obligated not to lose
Yeah
Run tomatoes while looking at these box office results
I got a link to a vid here that says Vin Diesel on the fast and furious future
It's not over and we'll be back more formidable than ever. Okay. No shit. Yeah, that's the name of it guys
This video is 55 minutes long
For 55 minutes about the fact that it's not over and we'll be back more formidable than ever. Hey guys, what's our Muppet Babies?
What does that mean?
No, but here's my thing. What's our what's the Muppet Babies of our franchise? Have we made it yet?
What's our Muppet Babies? Here's my thing though. Okay, we need to define what it means to be the Muppet Babies of something
Right. I the only way it makes sense to me and I've been thinking about it for a hundred and twenty hours is
if Fast and Furious 9
Features scenes of baby Vin Diesel and baby Rock and baby Tyrese and baby Luda and stuff like that
Otherwise, I have no context for what it means to be the Muppet Babies of a franchise
We use imaginations. I mean, yeah, it's like I guess I
Mean, I guess the episode of Taz we did where we were all babies and it was based on Muppet Babies game
It's probably the Muppet Babies. That's a probably pretty clear one-to-one. Yeah, there was also there's also a Jeffy's Place the
Public access so that we did for a while that had that had that was mostly puppets. Yeah, they all learned lessons about
Math and how not and not and not cussing
There were four of the of the seven
Episodes in the first season four were about not cussing. Yeah, not yeah, and you know what to be fair
I think probably one of the reasons the show didn't hit. Thank you was we spent a lot of time
explaining what cuss words were
That was a deep dive, okay, this is now a Jeffy's Place watch
Yeah, it used to be a fan I'm watching as a Jeffy's Place watch biggest problems with Jeffy's Place. Let's start them off
Let's do top 75 biggest rounds of Jeffy's Place. I mean you gotta say number one
No, there was no character named Jeffy that created so much confusion, right?
There was one there's one named Jeffrey, but he was an adult human. Yeah
Only reference. Yes. Yeah
He was like God in that and but it was very clearly not his place people kept saying like I
Jeffrey should get a place of his own. Yeah, our places. It's not Jeffy's Place. It's Jeffy's Place
Yeah, I would say number two is probably when we insisted on anatomically incorrect puppets
And I don't know exactly what we had in mind
And I never settled on it with the art department because the designs of the puppets kept changing every week
Yeah, there I mean everybody remembers huge Huey and he was just like this weirdly
super muscular
Puppet and none of the other puppets looked anything like him and nobody even made a big deal out of it
It's just the people thought people want to see a yoke to yoke
None of the muscles were in the right place either. No, they were all over that. Yeah, it was weird
We invited Brian Henson over to look at the puppets and he said there can't be a shoulder here
Someone get someone to help there can't be a shoulder here
My dad would never allow this and he just started screaming. That's not how knees that's not
I would say one major issue is halfway through the first season when the show is tanking
We realized that we could maybe make inroads as having it be like a nice little bit of McGee and me
Christian television magic and so we sort of pivoted that direction
But also we didn't we also said a lot of wrong stuff about the Bible and things so that you like
Yeah, like God God only likes it when you yell God can't hear you and yes bless you yell your prayers
Like you remember that episode? Yeah, that's called
God only hears you if you yell your prayers and then we got like some feedback from the Christian Council
I was like, mmm, that's
Yeah, what we do I still yell my prayers to this day guys, you know what?
What's that? Yeah, yell them through a trombone it amplifies that even more. Yep. Well, you've learned that from Jeffy's place
Yes, I did. Oh, yeah, I liked well, maybe not liked but I think maybe one of the problems was when we did yet again
Another episode about like not consuming household chemicals and we went into detail about where to find the chemicals
right
Yeah, which chemicals might make you imagine weird things and like which ones taste good
But you still shouldn't like they taste candy like but don't you still really shouldn't yeah, that was probably a misstep
Why did we have to start every episode with a huge title card that said brought to you by George Soros
Yeah, why did we decide to leave that up for 49 seconds before every episode and he didn't give us any money
I don't know why we didn't money. It wasn't brought to him by him at all wasn't connected to him in any way
I think we were trying to we were trying to court him with it. I think like it was yeah
There was the one episode that was an employee training video for Dairy Queen
Yeah, he asked us to do and we were like an episode short I guess and so we're like
Let's just put up the Dairy Queen video. That was the best one though. It was really good
It made me it made a lot of kids cry, but you know sandwiched between the bad Bible lessons and then don't cuss series
Just having kids like learn like and this is how you do the dippers
This is how to this is how we keep our sauces warm, etc
Good show Jeffy's place. Oh, when's that coming back?
Let's reboot it. And you know what a lot of people don't know Chris Evans first job
Evans first
We gave that kid a break and look at him now hat I have my hand buried up Chris Evans ass for so long
I couldn't tell where I ended and he began and that's
Best puppet I ever worked with
Chris Evans, not a human not a human. Sorry an anatomically incorrect puppet
I'm throwing a surprise birthday
Anniversary party for my husband at the end of the year two days after I sent an invite to one of his longtime friends who will call
See, oh a little injury. I like we so rarely get that
My husband for colonel mustard my husband mentioned in casual conversation that he feels he's been drifting away from see
Man, this question is a weird one to start. This is quite a little energy
Yeah, our show it considering how they've grown apart. He wants to let that relationship die gracefully so he can focus on others
Hey, okay Trev
I'm
Okay
Husband has made it clear. He wants a clean break from see see has just sent me an RSVP
He shouldn't have done so many letters
RSVP for the party
Do I respect my husband's decision up and go about the agonizing process of uninviting somebody from a party for no apparent reason or do?
I play dumb and just let see show up surprise
Surprise
Not that last one that last one's the worst of both worlds. Yeah, because it still happens when that happens and
It's it and it's bad with and it's bad a bad thing you've done
Man, this is this is a tough one to do because there's two
Like causes for the dissolution of this friendship and one is just like grown-up stuff you
you know, maybe both of you haven't been putting in the effort required to maintain this relationship blown off a couple of
Invitations to things not respond to a few texts and then it just kind of slowly
Decays and that is salvageable. Yeah
If it's a situation where see has done something truly heinous and your husband's like I'm I am done with see
Then is it's your husband's birthday party. You should you should do the uncomfortable thing
Well, I mean it does say in the question that's been drifting away and I don't think if someone was like, yeah
He stole my dog and blew my car up, but I feel like we've been drifting away
I think we can pretty much assume now. I will say he ponzi to my dad. Yeah, so I feel like we're growing apart
I I would say for me. There's an added level here, which is that just on a personal level?
I do not care for surprise parties
Oh
Okay, because I like to a part of the exciting thing for a birthday party for me or any kind of party is like looking
Forward to it
And like planning it I like planning it. Hey, I'm this is feeling irrelevant. No, no, no, I'm getting there
Okay, so here's what I would say. Here's what I would want
If I were your husband tell your husband about this thing that has happened this misunderstanding and then give your husband the option to you uninvite
themselves from the party
Right. Oh now it's a surprise on the guests, right?
My husband's not here
Yeah, you can leave your presents on the table. This is this is not that don't do that
We actually had somebody do that once where there was in college. We were throwing a surprise party
For for someone and she I found out about it and she snuck in the back door like climbed in through the window and jumped
into the kitchen like surprise and everyone looked at her like
you
Have taken everything from me
Reclaiming the power of the event. Yeah, you like that
But nobody else at the party did and also the thing about a surprise party is also like surprise
You're hosting this party and you need to make sure everybody here is happy
Yeah fed and you don't get to go to bed until we all leave. Yeah, I think that adult friendships are
Are are difficult. I think you reach a certain age and
Gaining new friendships becomes a million times harder
and so I reach phases in my life where I'm like
I need to start reconnecting with some buds cuz I'm I ain't making any new ones and
Maybe this is an opportunity for that. But I think you I do think you need to
Like blow the surprise and tell your husband. What's what what is? Yeah, what's happening? No, sir. No, sir, or unless
There's two other things that could happen one this show
But the surprise party and then see shows up and husband's like, oh, it's you and she's like, yeah
I guess and your husband's like I I get it
I remember you know what I mean? Like you ponzi my dad, but I still love you like yeah
Forgiveness, you know like it's like it's bad like the bad
Who says that who says that who says forgiveness just be watching they both say it at the same time
Oh and you guys awesome dude, and then other people watching kind of like slowly start muttering like
It's just like yeah, this is just like that one episode of one tree Hill
Yeah
Where is that that one exactly literally this exact the other thing that can happen is?
See shows up and your husband looks at you like, huh and you look at your husband you mouth the words clean kill
I'm not gonna let you let it die gracefully through neglect
I brought him here cuz I want you to in this fuck like
Just fucking put the bolt right in its brain in this relationship in the front of done. Yeah, and it clean kill
Hey everyone, I
Fucking hate this guy
Surprise you don't have to do that. No, you don't have to do that. It could just be hey everybody
I don't feel as close to this guy as I used to and I don't think they're
Necessarily worth keeping tabs on and I don't want to feel anything when they die
So I'm just gonna go ahead do clean break
Yeah, and I think if C and I are both being honest neither one of us has been putting the energy into this
So this has just become a wake for our friendship
Oh PS pizza rolls are coming out in three make sure you save some room
I put them in not knowing you all were here just cuz I wanted pizza rolls
I hope there's enough for everybody and if you feel like you do need to choose between me and see just remember
Which one of them's got pizza rolls?
It's me. It's me the real one
Your real friend your real friend, it's my birthday pizza roll team with me you promise you'd never leave
Can we stroll down that that yellow brick road to go and visit the Wizard of the Cloud?
Cloud sorry, you said Wizard of the Cloud again. Yeah. No, that's what I was gonna become inaccessible
Can't make it less accessible than it is currently to new listeners
Actually you fucking don't I don't know why you thought you got to do maybe because I do the best wizard boys
Yeah, you know, okay, not a bad wizard. It's offensive actually because not every wizard sounds like that
Some wizards are just like what's up? Abracadabra?
No problem. No problem. That's fair. Oh, I'm spelling here
It's fun
So this is this one was sent in by gab thanks gab and it's a it's a
Wiki how article that is titled how to make your cousin jealous, huh? Which is which is awesome
I got a lot of cousins and
They've been right a little too high on their horses
And so I wanted to sort of know I want to let them know sort of what the pecking order is
Just a quick reminder a lot of these steps are just about sort of empowering yourself
Like always look your best that's good in general. Yeah, that's a good way around your world jealous
Yeah, but when you're but especially your fucking cousin who thinks they're so cool
There's another step here. It says improve yourself and your life, which I feel like I would need several other wiki how articles
To get a lot of work
Yeah
Why isn't one of the options in there lie?
That would be a much shorter list, huh?
I think it'd be easier to lie then number three succeed in life for focus on school to do a good job in it
Oh, what cousin is like?
Yeah, let me check those grades though. Dumb dumb what A's and B's
shit
Become better than them at something. Okay. All right. Yeah
This is if you realize your cousin likes to paint why not take up painting to practice hard and long until you become better than
your cousin, uh
so
Mr. McElroy
Your gallery opening is a smash hit. Do you remember what it was that first drew you to your aesthetic eye?
yeah, my fucking cousin was talking like
crazy shit and
So I decided to become better at them than painting and that's why I made him open up a gallery next door
That's little and full of his shitty art and I make everybody go from my awesome art building into his awesome shitty art building
Make more friends from school. Maybe even date someone. Whoa
Okay, how did you meet? How'd you meet mom?
my cousin was thinking they were really hot shit and so
Be more mature such as being more alert smarter and acting older than they do that came a little late in the list for me
I think yeah, because like a lot of this has been
Full journeys of self-improvement based on sure competition and jealousy and then the list is like hey grow up
Grow the fuck up if you do that you the rest of the list doesn't matter because you will stop worrying about making your cousin
Jealous eight be positive nine. Don't let him or her boss you around
Ten if an adult asks you and your cousin to do something do it awesome
Damn, you're fucking cool cuz shit you really
Damn it. Damn it. I thought I was awesome, but you're over there mopping cuz my mom told you to shit
This is so far this list boils down to how to make your cousin jealous be better than them
Yeah, right. That's the obvious right put the work in got it. I want the shortcuts. It's like cousin
I see them three to four times a year. I don't need to really do this
I just got to show up at Christmas looking better with a fine partner on my arm and say I
Nintendo switches, right? That's all
Well, step 11 is get a real shortcut. It's just act strong. Ooh
Act sure, that's a good that's a good year or to boil down all the advice that we have ever given on this
program, yep in the end if you had to keep parsing and parsing and dividing and
Eventually you would get to act
strong back strong act
Strong. Yeah, don't be strong act
Strong now what I like about that is that that could be a personality thing, right?
Or you're showing strength of character
But it could also be that you've like bought some inflated dumbbells that look like real dumbbells
And you're pretending to like curl them and it's nothing and you wear like one of those onesies with the big belt
Oh, oh getting canes. Oh, yeah
I directed a Superman musical once and we had an inflatable chair on stage
For this one part where Superman was really upset to demonstrate his strength
and then he picked up the chair and
Every night that kid would just throw the chair off the stage and it left me thinking
Superman would never throw his armchair through his house. That's true
I don't know why he's decided to add this in I don't improve this improv and every night
I'd ask him not to but every night the spirit of Superman would tell him
Act act strong it goes on to say if your cousin teases you makes fun of you mocks you or embarrasses you or even makes
A low comment about you just ignore it and act as if you didn't hear what they said
Also act like you do not care what they negative thing. They said about you. I'm hoping that step 12 is
Now quick get out of that room and just fucking break down crying just just absolutely lose it
Okay, and let it all get it all out and then go back in the living room and it's time to act strong again
That's strong. What's more now? I would argue wiki how I'm sorry that that's act of resilient, right?
Which don't get me wrong is a good thing as well
But I would posit this if you want to act strong and you have a cousin that belittles you
you're gonna want to get maybe whoever the cool uncle is or like the bad boy older cousin or
Somebody like that, right and you're gonna get them in cahoots, right? And when they see you
Getting bullied by this cousin they come over and they say like yeah wimp or whatever and then you turn around and you deck
Cooler cousin or you know, whoever the big one is and then they start crying and they're like, oh, you're so strong
I didn't know you're so strong and then they run off crying and then you turn to a cousin
You're trying to make jealous and you're like, do you want some now now you will have to pay your plant about a hundred and fifty
Dollars American that's the going rate for one of these right?
But if you can establish dominance that way right you don't have to do any of that other shit
It goes on to like another
Series of tips and the tips are how to develop common interests if you realize they like to paint why not take up painting, too
Now this isn't
If they notice that you've taken up their hobby and they say you're a copycat
I can do it better or something the sort don't react to say well
You've been doing it for years and I just started this is literally one of the steps
This is like they've like damn did we explain the take up painting but become better at painting thing enough? No, let's get back
It's already out there. It's getting clicks
We can't change it now, but this is the next thing and is the last tip and so fucking important
I hope we should have put this first because there's probably people out there making their cousins mad jealous and they didn't hear this
Very important thing. It's the final thing and that's remember don't walk up to them and rub things in their faces
You just want to make them jealous not make them hate you. That's so important. That's so important
That's so important. I've never been jealous of someone who's trying to make me jealous
But I've definitely been jealous of people who are just flat-out better than me
So just keep that in mind. You don't want to you don't want to show your hand
Right. You want to make it seem like you care about your own self-development and it has nothing to do with them
And that's the trickiest part because when you get fucking kick-ass at painting and they're still like doing squiggles or whatever
You're gonna wanna make a big deal out of it. I totally get that but then they'll hate but then they'll hate you
But jealousy and love go hand in hand, right?
All hatred and jealousy and love and cousins
I'm just saying a competition is only fueled by like your desire to prove to them that you're better than them
So you care about what they think right? Yeah, and this is gonna spur you both on jealousy can be a powerful force
Look at Picasso and da Vinci. Those two were always competing at each other's fucking throats
But they know you know what they did though
They didn't take it over the top. They were jealous of each other. They never hated each other
No, and they only kissed twice
Yeah
Here's what's fucked up gang
the Q&A segment
Full of laughs the questions are here and they're plentiful if you want to see these answers
These staff researched answers is what they're calling them
You have to pay US dollars American money. Well, that's okay for us
No one should do that. But for us that is a business investment. That's true. We couldn't claim it is name your own price
It is name your own price. Well, that's like that price starts at $1
Which I don't know that looking at what internet people say how to make cousins jealous is worth that much money
I don't know if we could talk to our financial experts and say oh gang
It looks like you wrote off $1 on wikiHow so we are going to be audited
terribly
Hey guys, my cousin is rude and disrespectful. I told my mom, but she won't address the problem. What do I do?
I don't fucking know your cousin better. I guess so
Here's another question. My wife and I used to participate in a trivia night at a nearby dive bar
Shitty beer
Doors on the stalls
Team names, I don't I don't remember
The one that Dwight and me and Sid and everybody used to do was there are received bird is two for trivia. Yeah
That's pretty good. That's a good one
Anyway with trivia night prizes for winning rounds varied from gift cards to food and drink
We went around and the host of the game came by with our prize
Which was a small scrap of paper that said six shots of fireball. He said we could redeem it at the bar
Neither of us were interested in shots that night, but figured we'd come back later with friends
However, due to a global pandemic. We have not been able to return to the bar in almost a year. It is now reopened
I would like to claim our prize
How do I convince the bartender that I did not write six shots of fireball a scrap of paper?
I still plan on going and paying for food drinks
But I would also like my free spicy drink and that's from does this count as money in Des Moines?
And this is a good question. I think right now we're talking right off the bat
there's gonna be some credibility because if you were going to write if you were going to scribble on a piece of paper six free shots of
blank
Right fireball is never
Unless you're our father who has from what I understand taking on quite a a pinch on for fireball
You know, you're kidding me. He makes it he makes a cocktail out of it and like diet like Coke Zero or something like
Now hold on
Sorry, I'm dry wretching the podcast will resume soon. Fireball does have a cinnamony thing
I can see that going with like a like a Coke like with some grenadine
Perhaps I don't know
I'm gonna find out what this master mixologist
Has not like drank drank no, no, yeah ever
I don't believe he started consuming alcohol on a even semi regular basis until he was 63 not even then
Not even then he told me I visited that full
I visited that fool for Father's Day. You're welcome. Dad
Not that he listens, but we visited that fool for Father's Day and he showed me a place outside his house and he said
Every he told me and my children right in front of my children. He says girls every morning. This is where
Peeps comes out and does a crossword puzzle. It drinks a juice. Oh boy. Awesome. So retirements going well, huh?
And he said that was a straight face I
I just laid down on the ground. It's so fucking depressing because we share so much genetic material
But that's gonna be me in 25 years. Just like anyway, this is my juice spot
Every morning I walk out the back door my house takes six
Well for me it'll be you know kind of a hover crossword, yeah
A holographic, you know, three-dimensional letter cube with hollow my hollow drink. This is where I solve my tesseract
Between that and me having coffee and playing a little bit of video games every morning
You don't probably announce it to my children. That's true
So the listen the
This is money, right? I mean, yeah, this is the thing
This is money, but it's not money anymore. It was money the night that you got it
But now it's not money if you go back there if it's Huntington like they're
This is not the same bar anymore
First off you're gonna walk in and it'll be like stumblers four or five you're down several stumblers at this point
Yeah, and it's not the same bar. They do not have to honor that that said I
feel like if you
Tell them this story
the vibes
currently
might be
Conducive to in your favor for sure. Yeah, we all want that for ourselves
We want this to be a thing that happened nature is healing for you. Nature is feeling itself
You know what? Let me give you a two-word answer here. I'm strong
I'm strong if you just walk right up there and you're like, so here's what happened, right?
and you just deliver it like it is both a reasonable and
Totally justifiable thing because it is listen
You won you have your side deliver it like it's the truth don't shrug
Hey, I want you to walk up and say so here's what happened
Tell the story and say I would like to along with the rest of whatever I will consume this evening
Claim my prize shots around right and make it seem like the most reasonable
Straightforward thing you've ever done act strong act strong everybody
Hey big dog, let that big dog act strong. You know what I mean? Big dogs get their six shots of fireball
Get that dog act strong big dog act strong
Hey guys, big dog act big dog. That's not
The just try and please for the love of God, please follow up and let us know how it goes
Please if you get the six shots
I want you to take a picture on your phone and tweet it at NBNBAM and just with the caption big dog act strong
Yeah, and then email and tell us how it went
Yeah, we can't audio what you've just said Travis we can audio the other thing and then text our dad and let him know how you felt
About the nice smooth flavor of this sweet cinnamon whiskey
cinnamon whiskey
Let him know if it went down so smooth and it didn't it's fireball it hurt and burn
Justin are you feeling calm?
I mean I'm acting strong. Yeah can act calm
It's hard to act calm. I did. I you know, I came straight from a little a great night's sleep
You know last night into this recording, you know how I got it how fucking listen to somebody telling me a story about a train trip
Yeah, that's one of the things you can get on calm
calm.com calm is the app. Oh calm is where you go to get it calm.com slash my brother specifically
But it's an app that just helps you relax or get some extra sleep. So if you need like 10 minutes
To just like be yourself
You know what I mean?
You can do that if you want to go to sleep with Matthew McConaughey telling you about the mysteries of the universe that option is
Available y'all need that to you. They've got um, these sleep stories
That I love, you know, I think I think they got imagine this
That you want to go to sleep and what do you hear?
And welcome to my sleep story. Yes, that's right. Killian Murphy is going to tell you about crossing Ireland by train
Imagine Killian Murphy just like walking you through a train trip through Ireland. That's how you go to sleep. Of course, you go to sleep
It's the best. I I love calm
It's a fantastic app and for our listeners on our show
Calm is offering a special limited time promotion of 40% off a calm premium subscription at calm.com slash my brother go to
Calm.com slash my brother for 40% off unlimited access to calm's entire library. It's not just the sleep stories. They got
Meditations, they got some nice sounds to help you unwind. It's just all a bunch of stuff to help you chill out
That's calm.com
Slash my brother and you know calm if you want to get at us we could do some sleep stories for you
I would love to do a sleep story. I would love to do a sleep story about like putting together a big sandwich
You know, it's just like and then I toast the bread just a little just a kiss
Maybe you just could listen to I mean they got Idris Elba
Talking about the kingdom of the sky
You know now that you're all blissed out
There's that letter that you need to be sending. Oh, no, you know the one the one just telling
Dartmouth College, no, thanks. No, I appreciate it. I appreciate it full ride to be your biggest brain
That's what it said here on the letter, but I'm I'm I said, no, thanks. I'm going to Marshall University. Go ahead
So that letter is not going to send itself. It's going to need a stamp in it and on it and
Stamps.com is going to help you do that. It's summertime things are getting back to normal a little bit still in the throes of a pandemic
But guess what? Stamps.com lets you skip trips to the post office and save on postage
Which is really going to set your summer on the right path
It uses the same US postal and UPS shipping services
But you do it on your fricking computer and they let you print out official US postage and shipping labels 24-7
You don't have to leave your desk or buy any fancy equipment
All you need is your computer and a standard printer and they offer you deals that are so sweet
Like 40% off USPS and up to 66% off UPS shipping rates
I would like to posit a new, uh, slogan for stamps. Never go to the post office again. It's very good. Stamps.com, how about this?
Stamps.com
Skip the trip from home you ship
Skip the trip from home you ship
That's we'll work on that. Uh-huh. It's pretty good though, huh? I don't it's a little it's coming at me a little yodo-y
Yodo like yodo from the trip you skip from home you ship
Okay, so I once yodo
That's my favorite deep space nine character sure so stop wasting time going to the post office go to stamps.com instead
It's so much faster than going to post office because it's computers
There's no risk and with our promo code my brother all one word you get a special offer that includes a four week trial plus
Free postage and a digital scale. There's no long-term commitments or contracts. Just go to stamps.com. Click on the microsoft the microsoft
Clippy at the top. He's going to show you where the microphone is
Which is what you really should click and that's at the top of the home page you type in my brother
That's stamps.com promo code my brother click on clippy. He'll show you where the microphone is stamps.com
The trip the trip you skip never go to the post office again flip it and script it stamps.com
The trip you skip when I dip you dip we dip no need to roam you ship from home
That's actually fucking way better. Okay. Yeah, except no one's ever described going the post office is roaming
Oh fuck. Yeah, he's out there roaming roaming the countryside looking for stamps
Ship your mail with a kick-ass scale
Oh, that's pretty good
Yeah, no need for a stamp store
Lady in the tramp store. Okay. Yeah, we've lost it completely
Hi everybody, my name is justin mcroy. I'm sydney mcroy. We're both doctors and no just me. Okay. Well sydney's a doctor and i'm a medical
Enthusiast and we create saw bones a marital tour of misguided medicine every week
I dig through the annals of medical history to bring you the wildest grossest
Sometimes dumbest tales of ways. We've tried to treat people throughout history
And lately we do a lot of modern fake medicine because every time we do a fake medicine
Lately, we do a lot of modern fake medicine because everything's a disaster
But it's slightly less of a disaster every friday right here on maximumfun.org as we bring you saw bones a marital tour of misguided
Medicine and remember don't drill a hole in your head
Oh
Do you want a munch whoa
I'm, so excited to hear this one squad. Can I just do it really quick really quick because I did text dad
Hey, what was that cocktail you made with fireball in it and he responded
Cherry coke zero and free ball and then he texted fireball. So
He's already calls it he calls it the free ball. He's a couple free balls deep at this point. Yeah
Um, I actually have like kind of a survey of stuff
Like a lot of people been sending them in. I haven't done one in a long time
so I just wanted to mention because
Uh munch squad is renewed for another season
Oh nice. Congrats. Yeah, we got brought back. Uh, so thanks to ryan and matt for submitting some of these
and uh
So just real quick just some quick quick ones
All right
Number one and I saw this on one of my main sites for news
And I was first like how dare you okay. So this is a story
Papa john san antonio provides teacher appreciation pizza party
Hey, you released a news story about how you did a pizza party
Your papa john's that's pretty cool
They donated pizzas ending the school year on a high note for two deserving schools in edgewood isd
winston elementary school and et rand middle school donations were made in the form of pizza parties and
This is the reason i'm bringing this to you because you're right griffin
The more I thought about I was like, you know, I think it's kind of wild to teach your own pizza horn
But this is why corporations do charity, right? They want they want the attention and are giving it to them and the cycle is complete
I don't know. It's kind of a cynical way of looking at it
Well, the wheel keeps on spinning
But here's the part where I had to stop for a second
donations were made in the form of pizza parties
And a visit from mr. Slice, huh? The franchise mascot. Oh
Hey
Hey, wait a minute. Huh? Wow
Can we all did we just?
Sorry, did you say?
the papa john's mascot
I would actually say it's even wilder than that
This is a specific franchise in san antonio that said hey, do you know how papa john's doesn't have a mascot?
Fuck that. No, travis. We do travis. No, actually it says the franchise mascot
It's the mascot of papa john's
Mr. Slice. Okay, I would argue saying the franchise means that
Location. No, sir. No, sir. I'm here to tell you that there is a mascot of papa. John's pizza
His name is mr. Slice. I gotta look this up. What's he look like his name is no you don't need to look it up
I'm here. Just shut the fuck up showing you he's telling you i'm telling you i'm paying you a picture. His name is mr
Slice, he is his name is mr. Slice
His name is mr. Slice
He had he's shaped like a giant piece of pizza
Yeah, it looks a little like because it's impossible to make a good triangle costume. He looks a little deflated
His name is mr. Slice and I will say it is kind of hilarious that they said part of our donation
Part of our donation is a visit from mr. Slice the franchise mascot
So if I search mr. Slice papa john's
Mr. Slice
The first result is a tweet
from
2017
Where papa john's is talking about a spotify playlist that mr. Slice put together
That's the top result the the one right after that is a papa john's mr. Slice costume for sale on ebay. Okay
This is your storied character. This is your franchise mascot
Mr. Slice, huh? Here's what's sus to me
papa john
resigned in summer 2018
so it feels like maybe a year before papa john's was like
Papa john shatner ain't long for this world. We gotta get someone new in here fresh blood fresh meat fresh sauce
Travis you've just sent us a link to a video of someone dressed as mr. Slice making dough. Uh-huh
Uh-huh slapping dough actually has the video describes it. Well, wait this video this video was posted on my birthday 2010
Yeah
Okay, so here's I need you to do well you have to move on to other stories but do we
Please tweet at papa john's and shack and ask him where the fuck mr. Slice is. I want to see these brands
Don't say fuck because the brands won't engage with you if you use profanity. Oh, right, right, right
But let's talk about that on jeffy's place talking about mr. Slice because where's mr. Slice
Now they hide again
I I just one last thing and I will say too looking at all the pictures I can find of this costume
You would think a very large brand would figure out how to structure a mascot costume
So that it doesn't look like a melting rocket pot. No, this is what i'm saying
It's it's a it's a bad costume and I see why they killed him, but please bring him back
We all deserve it. It's been a tough quarantine for it doesn't seem like he's dead
It just seems like he's on the run hiding in san antonio
Yeah, yeah real quick. Just want to do this isn't a joke. I have nothing to read about it
I just feel like it's really important that we're all united in trying to keep tabs on kraft Heinz canada
Because everybody knows that they have been getting buck wild
Uh constantly just constant buck wild attitudes
Um, and I do want to say that this week they decided to churn out
six different flavor boosts
For kd which is of course
Craft dinner. Uh-huh. They got six different flavor boosts for you to just sort of enjoy
Um, and let's let's talk about them first off when they tweet about these they have to do the tweet in english and in french
Which cool?
Is is nice. I wish everybody had the multiple languages for everybody to enjoy this great news
That they're doing some kd flavor boosts. First up is so you the thing is you make the kd
It's mac and cheese, by the way crafting. Oh
crafting, oh
You make the kd and then you put in a flavor boost like buffalo wings. Okay that coming don't we? That's a good one
Jalapeno, okay. Yeah. All right spicy k fun. Yeah, love that. I want a kd that hurts get this one get this one
poutine
Okay, there's it makes sense for me
Yeah, and then we got ghost pepper. Oh boy. It feels a little
Oh, that's our third spicy one. I think they're saying it should be spicy
But why did okay? I said I want a kd that hurts but not kd that kills
Yeah, it's a painful brutal kd next one. And this one I y'all I can't stop thinking about butter chicken. Oh
These are good boosts justin this is a good boost right if the sixth one isn't wild
This is one of those rare munch squads where i'm like, yeah, you get it craft. Yeah. Well, it's cotton candy, huh? Ha ha ha ha ha
from downtown
Guys, you all craft times canada can't fucking help themselves
No
They get so close to greatness to immortality
And then it's just snatched away from them by something like katie doesn't that feel like someone announced six?
And then they're like we said five. No, we said five. Oh fuck. We said fuck shit
Uh, and there's no shame listen to this note for the new flavor boost bebe a papa transformable
Kd in sucre. All right. Never mind. Let me try the english our new cotton candy flavor boost will turn your kd pink and sweet
Just make kd stirring the flavor boost and you got yourself dessert kd for your separate kd
Okay. Wow. Okay. Can I just say right now if I handed bb and diet some fucking cotton candy kd?
They'd lose it. They'd yeah
Okay, this is okay. Wait a minute. I think I can
Everybody this is really important. Everybody needs to calm down, please. I think I can get them
I think I can get them to send this kd to my house. Hold on
All right, everybody
I don't want anybody to panic, but i'm very close i've added it to my checkout thing. Okay
Okay, it's letting me input my address. You are setting such a dangerous precedent
What sorry say again, you're setting such a dangerous precedent. You're ordering it right now, aren't you?
I'm trying to travis if somebody would stop distracting me
While justin is ordering that I just want everyone to know because I saw some people tweeting about it and emailing about it
snopes disproved mayoreo
Heinz mayoreo is not real
No, of course not. It got disproven by snopes
Wait, what?
What are you there was a viral thing about heinz releasing a combination sauce that was a combination of mayonnaise
And oreo and it was it was not real. Of course
Guys, I have terrible news. No juice shipping not available for the selected address. Do you know anyone in canada that you could or no?
shit
Wait, maybe stop podcasting yourself. Call the stop podcasting yourself. I don't have their phone numbers call stop passing yourself hq say we need you to do
We need you guys to become old-timey rum runners. Yeah for yeah, but for for sweet cheese. We'll meet you in chicago
Last one real quick
You guys are good at basque robins. Yeah
Sure. Yeah, they got a lot of flavors
Get ready to slime your summer what at b at br
With the warm weather rolling in and summer on the horizon basque robins
Don't you love fucking every one of these we've ever done for ice cream
They always have to be like getting pretty warm outside. Wouldn't a scoop be good?
Mid-february these guys are like, you know, it'll be warm before you know it wouldn't a scoop be good
Our cold stuff feels good on hot days
Hey, it's june
You know that means scoop would be pretty good now what now if they wanted to get wild hot ice cream for cold days
Ice cream for cold days. Thank you
With the warm weather rolling in summer on the horizon
Baskin robbins is upping the ante on fun this june with a new sour berry slime topping and a new flavor of the month
summertime lime
Sour berry slime is a bright green topping that has a refreshingly sweet and slightly sour flavor to any scoop
Or shake guests can slime their basket robin scoop or shake
For 99 cents or take home their own bottle of sour berry slime home for 6.99 6.99 sour berry slime
6.99 sour berry slime on my summertime live sounds pretty fine
This is a playful wait, hold on. Okay. Hey, shut up
A playful pair with sour berry slime the june flavor of the month is a lively citrus scoop
That's just begging to be slimed
Take another pass basket robbins. You didn't get it. That sounds like something you would say to get kicked off of twitter
Yeah
Baskin robbins is bringing out the kid in all of us
This summer with the introduction of delicious and edible sour berry slime. I hope it's edible delicious and inedible
Yeah, put it all over don't don't eat it how does it taste delicious
We're excited to offer this unexpected and refreshing treat to help everyone get their slime on this
So terrible man, you go down to fucking qs. Those kids will get their slime on this summer. No question. Absolutely spring break
Take a break with your air. God, this is bad
Okay
Take a break from your everyday routine with an exciting and satisfyingly gooey new way
Wow to experience slime like never before I should hope so. Hey derek. Can we talk?
I'm, just reading the press release you're releasing. Are you okay? Are you? Yes. I'm yeah, fine
It's not because the next thing he writes is sour berry slime brings basket robins
Summertime lime and other go-to's like rainbow sherbet and wild and reckless sherbet to the next level
Whether swirled into a shake or cascaded over a scoop
There's no way to go wrong when you slime your summer
Or jesus, we've all it's just begging to be slimed
We've all had our dad yell at us so loud about eating our gack that he blacked out
Well, no, you don't need that anymore basket robins got you with our extremely edible slime. You won't die from eating it
This is edible and delicious
Finally what's it taste like doesn't matter you can eat it and you won't die. We've finally unlocked it the code for slime
They say new summertime lime swirls a tangy lemon lime. Hey
New summertime lime swirls a tangy lemon lime slime ribbon into a bright green and white citrus ice cream to combine the best
Tart and candied flavors of summer shit. This is a good press release
Why do we keep why do we keep letting old pervy derek write the press releases his rhymes are outstanding
I don't know what to tell you. It's amazing. It works all the time rhymes
Hey, dude, should I call should I call the media contact here and ask him why it's so horny?
Hey, why so horny on this? Listen, justin nature is healing
Nature is healing
Edible slime
Fantastic stuff. Fantastic. Hey folks. Thank you so much for listening to our podcast
My brother my brother me
We hope you have enjoyed yourself as we mentioned at the beginning the episode if you want to watch that live
Uh show that we did it's still just as much fun
If you if you're watching it on a delay, it's bit.ly forward slash mb mb am virtual
Uh, it was wild one of the wildest things that's ever happened to me in my entire life
That you will not believe the dramatic finale. Yeah twist ending. It's not a it's not a joke
Uh, you should check it out. It's it's well worth your 10 bucks
Uh, I also want to say so I do some uh streaming on twitch mostly tuesday mornings wednesday evenings thursday mornings currently i'm trying to beat
Uh resident evil village for the fourth time
on book of shadows version
So I can get all those chivas
I love the fact that we can mention a game to travis and he's like, I don't know
I haven't checked it out
I haven't checked that franchise out for quite a few
Of them and then like flash forward to a week later and travis is like in the game. Yeah
He's like trapped in the game like our game. Yeah, it's like that one episode of are you afraid of the dark?
Uh where he gets trapped with the pinball machine. It's twitch.tv slash the travis mackerel
And speaking of video games, you guys got to check out besties. It's one of my favorite podcasts
I listen to it every week. I do not miss an episode
They just did uh, those four wild guys over there just did uh, the best resident evil game in like a stand-up competition
Uh, also check out the empty bowl. It's a meditative serial podcast that justin does and check out shmanners that my wife and I do
Uh, it's very cute. I think and way more over at mackerel shows.com
We also uh are starting a new season of the adventure zone in proper. We did like a five episode prologue series
Uh, and we're about to start as undersea
Fantasy submarine adventure if you've heard about the adventure zone, but didn't know where to start. This is this is a time
Come get wet
Um, we got some merch over at mackerel merch.com. Uh, make sure you hurry over there if you want to get our I also
Want a sword pin of the month that will be gone at the end of june
Uh the proceeds for that benefit the trevor project and we also have the hear that babe were legends shirt
Uh portion of the proceeds of that also go to the trevor project and we got a taz crystal kingdom special event coming up
Live and virtual on july 13th to celebrate the release of the new graphic novel
Just go to bit.ly slash taz gn live 2021 for more info
We're gonna have some special guests doing some readings some special things there
It's gonna be very exciting and we have an event exclusive signed book plate
Available from our partner bookstores more info can be found at the bit.ly link one more time
That's bit.ly slash t-a-z-g-n-l-i-v-e-2-0-2-1
And if you want to pre-order that comic book which comes out july 13th
We're running out of time theadventurezonecomic.com
Also, we're all on tiktok. Mine's mainly about crypto. Yeah, you'll never find all of us. No, not in a million years
Thanks to uh, thanks to montaigne for the use of our theme song. My life is better with you
uh
That track
There's plants. There's gears
Gears are turning. That's the gears and they're turning and they're in inside the clock and the clock's counting down
Um, griffin, do you have a final yahoo for us to enjoy? Yeah, um this final yahoo. Yeah, this final yahoo
Hold on a real one this time, right? Yeah. Yeah. Hold on. I accidentally closed the tab. So I have to reopen it real quick
That was my browser, uh, so this one was sent in by cramp
Mm-hmm
Sure, was that cramp? This one was sent by f in there. This one was sent in by cramp
Cramp. Yeah, thank you. That makes much more sense and it's much more believable
Think of scandinavian
Oh, man, an anonymous yahoo answers user. That's weird. I haven't seen one of those in a while. I'll call him roadie
Really roadie really od asks. Hey
Ray leo d asks
Uh, hey, oh, hey everyone
Goodfellas is a pretty badass flick, huh?
You can trust me
Ray leo d
the real one
Take it from me the real ray leo d goodfellas is pretty badass flip, huh?
My name is just
I think his name's ray leona. No, this is ray leone. It's an alien
See don't guess it's him
I'm griffin macaroon. I'm not for sure
That's impossible
It's impossible you can't have fun and say what's ray leone and kiss your dad square on the list
It's better it's better with you
Maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned audience supported
Hey, you kept listening past the credits. That's fantastic. Listen
P.o box 54 high into west virginia 25706 if you're in canada, I need you to get as much that fucking
Jesus you can just ruin my box
Ruin my box with katie. Okay. Hey ruin my box with katie
Get all that weird kd and ruin my box
