The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother My Brother,
the advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
Yes. Well, that's our show.
Thanks for listening, everybody. Justin was supposed to start saying stuff, and then he didn't.
Why do I always have to be the one to start saying stuff?
I don't know. Ask the past you from the last 317 weeks or so.
It has not been that consistent. I'm gonna need statistics.
I think it's been at least 308 of 318 times
that you have been the one to introduce whatever our opening bit was.
Travis and I and Griffin have been recording a remote podcast
for 300 and some thousand episodes, and usually we spread across the country
like so much silt across the riverbed.
But today we're recording a remote podcast
when Travis is literally eight minutes from my home.
It is a level of, what do you think?
Disassociation, like, yeah, we just do it.
We just, My Brother My Brother and me, colon, we just can't.
Well, here's the thing, looking at it the other way,
it's actually, it's not about distaste for being in Justin's presence,
but rather a respect for Griffin,
because what I did not want is for Justin and I to be in the same room
making intimate goofs with each other in which we can see each other's faces,
while Griffin was like, what are you guys giggling at?
Fucking tickle fights, fucking butterfly kisses after bedtime prayers.
And I'm over here like trying to replicate butterfly kisses on my own cheek
with like a Swiffer or something.
He's practicing butterfly kisses on his arm
for when he finally gets to do them in real life.
It's not the same.
Try it with a watermelon.
How does it?
It's just more real.
If you try to give a watermelon butterfly kisses.
Especially if you put the watermelon into the microwave for a couple seconds first.
Oh yeah.
Let it cool though or else you'll burn your eyeballs out of your head.
I love this ribald 2000s humor.
See, I do French butterfly kisses
and that's where you get a little bit of eyeball on it.
You just touch corneas.
Just touch the cornea very gently.
It hurts very much.
But Tommy, what about a risk of blindness?
No, that's just a myth, honey.
Don't worry, it'll be fine.
Don't worry.
But Tommy, it's below 32 degrees outside and I, ah, ah, ah, that's it.
Dead.
End of life.
I can't wait for Bob Carlisle to drop the sequel to Bee Kisses.
Butterfly necking.
Well, I just think there's maybe other types of kisses that you can do with your body.
And I think, I mean, we could sit here and try and shoot the shit about what those would be,
but I think Bob Carlisle's probably been at that for about 19 years now.
He hasn't come up with anything yet.
If there's an amazing sequel to that song,
you know he's been digging in that deep water to catch that big fish,
to find that one that got away, that sequel to BK2.
Yeah, here comes the BK2, everybody.
Check out my mixtape.
I'm Bob Carlisle.
I picture Bob Carlisle walking up to Make Out Point or whatever
and just looking in windows and writing down stuff on his legal pad, which is like,
oh, excellent.
Can I rhyme that?
No.
Albatross kisses.
No, no, Bob.
That's someone that, no, listen.
Albatross kisses.
Here's how it works.
Extend your elbows out.
No, Bob, I can't.
Armadillo kisses.
No, no, you roll up in the ball and you give everyone leprosy.
It's really sad if you look at Bob Carlisle's Instagram,
it's just a bunch of pictures of him in front of computers
and in various studios with hashtags like BK2 about to drop,
BK2 coming along real nice, can't wait to hit you all with BK2,
BK2 is in the oven and it's about to pop out real fresh for you, 2016,
but the numbers just get lower and lower as you scroll back to the feed.
It's like 2008, but BK2 is coming.
Y'all get ready.
Launch party.
Check it out.
Check it out.
It got sampled in the latest DJ Khaled track.
You heard me.
We shot it out and he played and it was like Brazilian taper kisses.
Like Brazilian taper kisses.
I don't know.
It's going to be the kind of thing where it's just going to be like overnight,
like it's just going to come out with no pomp and circumstance.
It's just going to drop one day and I was like,
shit, did you know that new BK2 joint dropped?
And I was like, what?
I didn't read about it in the trades.
I didn't know.
I didn't know.
I would have had a party.
Bob's like, no, I'm not putting BK2 on iTunes.
They screwed me one too many times.
BK2 is only on my space.
It's a title exclusive.
Title exclusive.
Did you know Tidal was founded by Carlyle and Jay-Z
to get working together for like the eighth time?
Is this Bob Carlyle?
Yeah, it is.
So are you going to join Tidal?
Here's the one thing.
The only thing that I need from you is...
No, I can't do it.
No, we need BK2 to be a title exclusive.
It's not ready, Jay-Z.
I told you it's not ready.
The world's not ready for BK2.
Well, call me this, Bob, after I mix BK1 for you.
I know, Jay-Z.
Tell me the animal, Carlyle.
I'm dying over here.
Capybara.
Don't you fucking tell.
Don't you tell a soul.
Get it again, Carlyle.
You crazy for this one?
Hov!
No, that's...
Oh, if that was all it was, Jay-Z,
I've known Capybara for 13 years now.
He's been haunting me in my dreams.
I've known it's him, but I just can't catch it.
I have dreams sometimes
when I'm standing naked in front of the blazing sun
and there's a volcano behind me
and I can feel its ash pelting down
on the back of the nape of my neck.
And right in front of me is the Capybara,
ever elusive, darting in and out between palm trees
and my kindergarten teacher.
What does it even look like?
I don't know.
What she's there, I can't, I try to focus on it
as like it fades into the mists.
You just gotta Google it, Bob.
Oh, oh wait, hold on.
Yeah.
Oh, okay, yeah, yeah.
Okay, okay.
How would that kiss?
I don't know.
Listen, you're the magician here, Bob.
I'm just Jay-Z.
You're Bob Carlyle.
You're the musical genius here, not me.
I'm just trying to, I know the animal,
I just don't know how to kiss like it.
And according to Wikipedia, the word Capybara
is derived from a Tupi word,
which means one who will eat slender leaves.
And I'm wondering if I can sort of incorporate that
into the kiss, like maybe you put some grass in your mouth
and then you kiss your daughter goodnight.
Fuck, no.
Tragic news today is Bob Carlyle has been killed
in a terrible zoo accident.
He leapt into a Capybara enclosure.
Onlookers say he was attempting to Capybara kiss.
Tragedy strikes tonight.
Bob Carlyle has choked to death
trying to eat his daughter's hair.
He said that's the only thing he could come up with
that was like that.
And then he died from it.
So it's very sad, but we hope we're good.
I'm Geraldo Rivera, and I'm here getting ready
to smash open Bob Carlyle's vault to see.
We're pretty sure the demo for BK2 is in here.
I'm joined by special guest Jay-Z
and we're about to just smash open Bob Carlyle's vault.
Bob would want this.
Oh my God, oh my God.
Bob Carlyle is alive and inside the vault.
Prestige.
David Blaine, I didn't even know
you were friends with Bob Carlyle.
Hey, let's do some advice.
Bob, if you want to come on the show at any time.
Yeah, you'd be a welcome guest.
If you want to use this as a vehicle debut BK2,
we are fucking so ready for it, dog.
Yeah, we'll drop it right on here.
Once or twice a week, I go to a small corner store
and get an egg and cheese sandwich for lunch.
Usually there are two guys working there.
One man in the cash register
and the other in the kitchen or sitting around.
I've been doing this for almost a year.
So kitchen guy knows my order and will ask if I want
the usual when I go in around lunchtime.
One time kitchen guy wasn't there.
So I had to get my sandwich from cash register guy.
The only thing is he made a noticeably better sandwich
than normal.
It was crispier, lighter,
and a perfectly proportioned ingredients.
But that was only for one day.
My regular guy is back.
And so are the substandard sandwiches.
So anything, anyway, let cashier man know it's true calling
or should I suck it up and avoid rocking the boat?
Thanks pick in Pennsylvania.
The only like the only way this could get better
is if one day cash register guy wasn't there.
And so kitchen guy made him a sandwich was like,
all right, that'll be 356 out of five years change.
How did you do that that fast?
Your fingers were poor.
You got me my change so fast.
That was crazy.
You hand me my change in Mayan nickels.
How did you do this?
How did you pull this off?
This is the blooms.
You threw the change up in the air
and the bills landed perfectly in my wallet
and the coins landed perfectly in my pocket.
You you've got a gift.
Don't you do this to me sandwich guy?
No, you've got a gift cashier guy.
Okay, so there's cat.
There's two.
There's two guys there.
There's cash.
I'm gonna just call him cash.
And then Andy cash and what's the name for the kitchen guy?
Okay, tango.
Okay, so tango.
The kitchen guy is not making the sandwiches
how you would ideally like them cash guys better.
Do you think see this is the problem with promoting up?
And I've said this so many times.
I bet you he got so good at the kitchen
and the boss was so impressed that he got promoted
to the person manning the cash register.
But this is the problem, right?
You promote up and then you don't have the best people
doing the best jobs.
This is business 101.
Okay, that wasn't a goof.
You're just somewhere in there.
Ayn Rand.
No, I'm just saying that I think that that's probably
what happened here is like, I don't think it's that.
I'm not sure that they missed their calling.
I'm saying that they like maybe got promoted out
of the guy making the sandwiches
even though he's like still got it.
So I still got the heat and I bet he hates me at a desk jockey.
Every morning he comes in, he opens up the shop every morning
and he just like runs his hands over like the kitchen counters
and he's just like, hello old friend.
And he touches the egg and cheese sandwich fixings.
Cash register guy, why do they have you working a desk
and not getting out there and cooking those good sandwiches?
I shot a kid.
Cash register guy.
I don't even know why you would do that
while cooking breakfast sandwiches,
but I also don't know why you wouldn't go to prison.
My sandwiches are too good.
And then at the end of the movie,
he, John McCain's about to get shot
and he makes a really good breakfast sandwich.
He's like, you did it.
Um, uh, I mean, there's nothing you can do about this, right?
Like, you know, now I think you've,
you can't say you two should switch jobs
cause that's crazy.
Can't.
Um, you know now that the sandwiches
that you ate for over a year were not good.
Right?
Maybe they're okay.
That makes them worse by comparison too though, right?
Yeah, so I don't think you can go back here
knowing what you know.
Let me, I would like to pitch something.
Something we don't normally endorse here
on my brother, my brother and me.
But you know, it's, it's 2016.
I'm saying maybe you go bold and brassy.
You walk in tomorrow, you order a sandwich
and you say, but I want it made by him.
And you point at cash register guy
and kitchen guy's like, what?
And cash register guy's like, what?
And you just say, he made a sandwich for me once
and it was the best version I've ever tasted.
I want him to make it.
Kitchen guy, I want you to watch
and I want you to do exactly that, like that from now on
because I'm a paying customer.
This is America.
Cause I'm a huge asshole.
I'm the biggest asshole ever.
You're not my friends.
These people aren't your friends, Griffin.
You're paying for goods and services.
You should get the best sandwich available.
You should not take a second class sandwich
because you're afraid to ask for what you want.
Travis is, um, Travis is giving great advice,
especially if you want to spend the next year
enjoying a breakfast sandwich of eggs and cheese and spit
because that's what you're getting.
You're that asshole.
I'm not saying it's not a risky maneuver.
It is definitely a risky maneuver.
And if it works, great.
If it doesn't, no more sandwiches for you.
Not only at this restaurant, but perhaps anywhere.
Oh, make no mistake.
This breaks two ways.
Yeah.
One, it's all fixed.
This will not happen.
Two, you never go to this place again.
You might even have to move
if there's some kind of intricate sandwich network
in this city where word spreads about that demanding guy
who wanted cash for this guy to make the sandwich.
But otherwise, you're stuck eating sandwiches
for the rest of your life that you know are subpar.
And now you've tasted ambrosia
and you can't go back to your regular humdrum lifestyle.
If I know anything from like your Alice in Wonderland's
through the Looking Glass kind of books,
you can't go back to your humdrum lifestyle.
You're going to dream of that fantasy sandwich.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, you could buy the place.
Yeah, now we're talking.
Now we're talking.
You can kickstart it.
Kickstart to buy the place.
I need this, please, Indiegogo.
I actually think, okay, okay.
I think you could ease into it.
You guys are familiar with,
I first heard Al Franken referred to it
as kitting on the square.
Yes.
So you could kid on the square and say, listen,
hey, I just want to let you know
you better watch out for your job
because this guy over here,
when he made my sandwich,
it was the best it's ever been.
I love your work, but he was killing it.
And then it's like, very good one, very good joke.
And it's like, you know what?
Let's keep this joke going.
Why don't you come over here
and show him exactly what you did.
You know what would be fucking like super funny?
What if you just left?
What if you left right now?
What if you gave up cooking forever?
I'm saying you could do,
you could kid your way into it.
When you like, you know what?
Just relax, just watch him
and tell him what you do differently.
Cause I want to know what your secret is.
Cause that guy's is great.
So you're backing into it with a compliment.
What you do is you'll get that guy on your side.
That's a secret.
You got to convert that guy to like being on your team
and it will turn kitchen guy against you.
But you can convert this with laughter.
You can just make it into a big funny joke
where at the end of the joke,
the punchline is what a sandwich.
You could also just make it up straight up comment
and say, I would like two sandwiches
and I'd like you all to compete for my favor.
May the odds be ever.
It's the hungry games.
I mean, that's actually a good idea Travis.
I mean, I definitely wouldn't phrase it
the way you phrased it,
but I'd say like,
I need two sandwiches prepared simultaneously
and served up to me in the exact same time.
I have a very, very particular fetish
and a particular set of skills
that make me a nightmare for men like you.
Those skills are,
I am just a really shitty customer.
I'm a bad, yeah, I'm not a great human either.
How about a Yahoo?
Please.
I just wanna tell y'all,
this is like a fun little update on my life
is I have the Wikipedia page open for capybara here
to sort of look into their physiology
and how they might kiss.
And Wikipedia has a conservation status
for like animal species
to let you know like how they do in vis-a-vis extinction.
Capybara, lowest rating,
least concern is the rating on this conservation status.
Keep it up, capybara,
like you're my favorite animal
and you're doing so good out there.
Keep doing what you're doing
because it's great.
By which I mean,
we don't hunt you for sport or food.
So this rating is saying like,
if someone's like,
you know, I'm just worried about capybara,
it's like, don't.
No, dog, don't even worry about it.
The other thing it could be saying is like,
if you gotta kill something.
Hey, do you wanna feel alive?
Sure, we all do.
That would be a fuck joke.
If you're a capybara and you see it,
you're like, so least concern,
so it's fine if I just like die.
You just write it in marker,
like Derek, highest concern,
Derek the capybara,
please do not hunt.
I can't even joke about this.
How about this Yahoo that was sent in by Zoe Kinski,
riding high.
Thank you, Zoe.
It's by Yahoo answers users.
Something has gone wrong
because our website sucks.
But there's an antacid banner advertisement
at the top of the page featuring Larry the Cable Guy.
So let's just say Larry the Cable Guy asks,
how do I teach my dog discipline
through the martial arts?
I have a problem with my dog.
He poops all over the house,
chews on my footwear,
constantly knocks over the trash cans,
makes a mess in the house every time I leave.
Just an overall lack of discipline
and structure in his life.
He's also a bit of a pushover with other dogs,
gets constantly intimidated and pushed around.
His bark leaves much to be desired as well.
Almost seems as if he is saying sorry every time he barks.
He definitely needs the discipline
that only martial arts can teach.
Obviously grappling arts out of the question
since he lacks opposable thumbs.
But what other options are there for him?
How do I teach him how to roundhouse kick other dogs
every time they get in his face?
Is there any way to teach him to channel his chi
in order to produce a more menacing bark?
I heard Kung Fu teaches several animal forms.
Is there a dog form in there?
What about karate?
Are there any empty handed techniques
made especially for dogs?
I simply want my dog to be a dog amongst dogs,
a menacing terror, alpha all the way,
and to stop pooping all over the house.
One, I think there's a huge missed opportunity
to just immediately rule out any of the grappling arts
because what's the last thing a dog's opponent would expect?
Yeah, that's a good point.
Right?
Is to use their weight against him.
Get him real low to the ground
and throw him with a jujitsu throw.
Can you read the bit about animal forms again?
I heard Kung Fu teaches several animal forms.
Is there a dog form in there?
Okay, so that-
That's a misnomer.
There's a misunderstanding that has occurred here.
That is not what that means.
Although I will say this.
First of all, Kung Fu Panda.
Second of all, in Kung Fu Panda,
like the snake uses snake style.
And that's my second of all,
is that I think if a snake is gonna learn Kung Fu,
I think snake style would be like,
oh, that's my jab, what's your jab?
Yeah, I don't think there's like an immediate correlation,
but if a dog was going to learn one form, dog form-
Dog form would be it.
Doggy style makes the most sense.
Yeah, so-
You gotta teach them doggy style.
Doggy style's a very funny joke.
Thank you.
I just, I didn't want that to be the thing
that people tweeted at us after the episode.
No, yeah, yeah.
How did you not say doggy style?
Yeah, sure.
Yeah.
Yeah, I hate when people do that.
We need a segment at the end of each bit
called low hanging fruit.
Yeah.
Just like, here's the things that we know we could have said
but we just like left on the scrap pile.
So you don't have to go rummaging through our garbage.
I've actually just been building my whole comedy style
based off of that since like day one.
It's worked so far.
Yeah, yeah.
Here's what I'll say.
This is one thing that if we don't say it,
people are gonna tweet at us.
You should never, with no exceptions,
you should never do Kung Fu on a dog with one exception.
So let me get this straight, with no exceptions,
you should never do Kung Fu on a dog.
100% of the time, you should never do Kung Fu on a dog.
But there's only one time,
there's only one instance in which
it is acceptable and or encouraged
and that is if you are teaching that Kung Fu to the dog.
Well, we're missing an obvious answer here.
Okay, I was a dog trainer and I could tell you
the easiest way for any dog to learn
is to observe other dogs doing it.
So what you actually need in this situation
is like a Mr. Miyagi dog.
You need an older dog who's out of the game,
who's like, no, I don't do Kung Fu anymore.
I don't do that anymore.
And then he sees your dog getting picked on
by the other dogs at the dog park
and finally Mr. Miyagi dog is like,
all right, come on, dog.
I'll show you how to catch flies with chopsticks
and trim bonsai trees and wax on and wax off
and then you don't have to do shit
but then you do have to worry about your dog
getting super good at Kung Fu
and just beating you up whenever it wants food and shit.
I just googled Karate Dog.
There was a 2004 movie called The Karate Dog.
Tell me more.
It's got Simon Rex, Jamie Presley were in it.
It's also got Pat Morita makes an appearance.
Let me just keep reading.
It looks like John Voight was in the motion picture
and who was the voice of Cho-Cho,
the titular Karate Dog who in the fucking cover art
is also holding a police badge.
Excuse me, Karate Police Dog.
It looks to me like, yes, let me double.
Yes, it was Chevy Chase.
Of course it was.
No, man, we make fun of it.
Chevy Chase gives a hard time for being kind of a dill weed
to some people it sounds like to me
but it sounds like maybe he's had kind of a hard road.
We should probably try to get him a little slack.
This box art is he lays in bed at night
just thinking about Karate Dog and weeping.
Y'all, this box art for The Karate Dog
is the most buck wild JPEG I've ever streamed onto my Laffy.
I'm talking about like a bullmastiff
with a fucking necktie and an eye patch.
I'm talking about the Karate Dog is taking up
two thirds of the cover and he's got a little sash on
and also a police badge.
And then there's one weird corner dog
who you can only see like a third of its horrified face
as it peeks into the corner as if to say,
what's happening in this movie?
John Voight, no!
People who are also fans of the Flophouse
will appreciate that when you click on the poster
for Karate Dog image related images with that.
Oh, a talking cat.
The talking cat?
The spiritual cousin to Karate Dog.
Okay, so there's another poster for Karate Dog
that one, does not mention Chevy Chase.
Two, as near as I can tell, it looks like Karate Dog.
Okay, this is essential.
Oh, wow.
It is still wearing the badge around its neck.
And I, is that a black belt?
Yeah, I mean, don't get me wrong.
They're not gonna make a movie about a dog that does karate
if it's just starting out learning the martial arts.
This is the Karate Dog, he's a yellow belt.
Oh.
Really?
All right.
Other note about the trailer.
Hi, this is, hey, this is Jon Voight.
Yeah, is this my agent?
Yes, it is.
Listen, I was looking at the cover art for Karate Dog.
Am I really credited below Simon Rex?
Does Simon Rex really get billing above me, Jon Voight?
Yeah, that's the way it should go.
Sorry, we didn't have a lot of room.
What with all the badges and crazy dogs.
Is this, seeing as how it's called the Karate Dog,
is it a spiritual successor to the Karate Kid?
Does it go like the Karate Kid, one, two, three,
Karate Kid with-
Hilary Swank?
Hilary Swank, and then the Karate Dog.
Like, is this all in the same canon?
Is this Karate Kid canon?
Pat Morita.
Pat Morita's appearance would intimate as much.
Yeah, so is this canonical?
I don't know if this is part of the quadrilogy
of Karate Kid films now.
It is now, as far as I'm concerned.
Okay, this is gonna be a power hipster move.
If your friends are like, I like the Karate Kid.
Like, oh, do you?
Have you seen them all?
And they're like, yeah, I'm like, even Karate Dog?
And they're like, what?
And you're like, yeah, I didn't think so.
And then you cut them out of the forums or whatever.
Hey, great news for everybody.
Cancel your evening plans.
You can stream the entirety of Karate Dog
for free on YouTube.
Oh my God.
You can just watch the whole thing.
Later.
Can we show the dog Karate Dog
to teach it to stop being such a piece of shit?
Be more like this dog.
Sound more like Chevy.
Chevy Shays.
Be more like Chevy Shays.
Do you think Chevy Chase ever lies down
on his armless sofa and he calls it his Chevy Chase Lounge?
He probably does, right?
Hey, how about another question though?
Nine Lives made $17.1 million at the box office
and received a 7% positive rating from Rotten Tomatoes.
Speaking of trash, we have another segment
that we cooked up last week
where people who are in the trash and garbage industry
are gonna tell us the stories of the oddest things
they've ever collected in their day-to-day lives.
Yeah.
And Travis, you said you received some of these
in a new segment we're calling Trash Stories.
Yeah, we got a bunch of them.
Griffin was gonna sing the jingle for Trash Stories.
A trash story is a new kind of way to love.
We received a lot of trash stories this week.
Some of them so gross to trump any humor
that was present in them.
Oops, oh no.
Well, we used to get almost like 90% of our emails
were dookie questions.
So I feel like people needed a place to put that energy
and I'm worried that it's gonna funnel
into Trash Stories Mountain.
You're not wrong, but there were a couple
that contained no overt grossness.
This one is from Cassandra in Tennessee.
My stepdad is a garbage man and over the last few years
he has scored enough fully functional camping gear
for my family of five, me, husband, and three kids
to take a three-week long camping trip
without purchasing a thing.
We had sleeping bags, cots, two coolers, a huge tent,
flashlights, backpacks, hiking boots, and much more.
All courtesy of other people's trash.
Pictures of the trip attached.
That's so amazing.
That's two things.
First of all, you're welcome.
Because I think most of that probably came from me
because I have gone camping once in the last six years
and I got very bad diarrhea in the woods.
And guess what?
When you have diarrhea, the woods,
there is no comfort for you there.
You will find no solace.
And so I said, okay, goodbye sleeping bags,
goodbye cots, goodbye two coolers, goodbye huge tent,
flashlights, backpacks, hiking boots, and much more.
And it sounds like your stepdad sort of had a bonanza
in my can.
I have to say, the second thing is that this,
I'm totally into a dude like free cycling
or whatever it's called, freeganism.
I'm like a totally, I'm super down with it, reduce, reuse.
Loving it.
A tent, at that point-
A tent is where you had a problem?
Cause mine was hiking boots.
I mean, you can delouse those, whatever,
but like a tent is you're sleeping in trash.
It is a house made of trash.
Man, that's a nice tent though.
Is it a nice tent?
I'll forward you guys the image.
I mean, you don't need to forward it to me.
It's mine and it was.
I have two big questions.
One is not a question, just an observation.
I really liked the image of everybody
who has thrown this stuff out who went camping
was just like, never again.
I'm never doing this again.
I'm leaving all this in the garbage.
I'm never going again.
Like you didn't even want to store it somewhere.
You're just like that certain
that you would never go camping again.
Yes, I was.
The tent, there's two options here
that I find very puzzling.
The first is that the tent was left
in the garbage fully assembled.
That seems unlikely to me.
I don't even know how you would transport that.
The second is that your stepfather
knows how to put together a tent
without any instructions or pieces or anything.
That will be, I cannot fathom that.
Tents are the hardest things to make
and that he was able to put that together
without any sort of instruction.
I think that's fascinating.
Well, I can believe that Justin
because I think that the stepfather
had the forethought to collect this stuff
over many years, according to this email,
thinking one day I will be able to gift
my stepdaughter an entire set of camping stuff.
I think that's amazing.
We have another one as well.
This one is from the woman formerly known as Trash Lady.
I worked for a trash company
in the sales department until recently.
The weirdest call I've gotten
was from a man who had an abundance of cucumbers
and was looking for a 30 cubic yard roll-off container
to put them in.
The container is eight foot by 22 foot by six feet.
Quite a few cucumbers.
The weirdest part was the man's immediate need
for the container.
He was desperate.
However, the cucumbers probably were still good
because he invited me to come take as many as I wanted.
I regret not going.
Okay, wouldn't that be the last call you make?
Do you think that that person's with the day on the phone
calling everybody they've ever met like,
hey, did you remember how you were telling me one time
that you really needed a bunch of cucumbers right now?
Well, good news.
Come on down.
Do you need pickles and have a lot of patience?
Good news.
This is, this is, that is so many cucumbers.
I'm trying to math it out in my head,
but that's like a thousand feet of cucumbers.
And I think you fit-
It's a lot of cucumbers.
I think you could fit like a bunch of,
a bunch of cuques per foot, right?
And the only explanation is that
it's some kind of like rolled doll situation
where it's like the man who wished for too many cucumbers
and like he made a wish like,
oh Lord, I just love,
I wish I had more cucumbers than I knew what to do with.
I just love them so much
because how do you, how does that sneak up on you?
How do you wake up one day and you're like,
where the, hold on.
Oh shit, I have too many cucumbers.
James, James and the many, many, many regular size peaches.
I've done that, I've done that to myself before.
You go to the store and you're like,
do I have cucumbers at home?
No, I don't think I do.
Yeah, I should get some more.
And then you do that 10,000 times in a day.
I'm in there.
I know how, I know what that's like.
Maybe, Travis, you mentioned pickles.
Maybe this was not for disposal.
Maybe this was, I need to make a lot of pickles now.
Yeah.
I want to, I have a Scrooge McDuck fetish,
but with a weird twist, instead of coins.
Trav, do you have any more before we?
Just, those are the two that I pulled.
I don't, I don't want it to become a trash show, Justin.
That's fine.
Any more so than it already definitely is.
Let's get amazing.
Folks, I want to tell you about Squarespace.
My brother, my brother, me is supported by Squarespace,
which doesn't have anything to do with it.
This is, listen, this is completely independent.
Just a commercial I decided to do.
And they also gave us money for it.
Whether you need a landing page, a beautiful gallery,
a professional blog, or an online store,
it's all included with your Squarespace website.
It's easy to create a website with Squarespace.
I can vouch for that.
Travis can vouch for that.
If you've never done it before, this is the place to start.
Everybody's making web pages now.
And it's time to stake your claim in the great Wild West.
And the best part is they're gonna give you
a free custom domain to help people get to your thing.
That's not actually the freest thing.
They're just giving you letters.
That's not, I said it's the best.
That's just some free letters.
That's not actually the best, but it is good.
There's beautiful templates.
You can design a best in class online store
with Squarespace's award-winning templates,
customizable settings, and more.
All without a single plugin.
If you need to make a web page, and you do,
because otherwise nobody knows,
how can I Google you if you don't have a web page?
I can't.
That's the answer.
You gotta work on your SEO, I think.
Yeah, fix your SEO and start your free trial today
at squarespace.com slash my brother.
Get 10% off your first purchase of your own personal website.
I can vouch, like Justin said,
I made macroyshows.com on Squarespace.
It took me like 45 minutes, like nothing.
And it's so easy to update so we can like add new stuff to it
and, you know, add pictures, change stuff to it whenever we need to.
And it was like no time at all.
And it looks really good.
I'm very proud of it.
And it was really easy.
So like, I'm a big fan of Squarespace.
And not only that, like their customer service is amazing.
It's so easy to figure out.
And if you do have an issue, there's someone to help you.
Plus, like YouTube is full of videos
about how to make it look even better.
Like it's amazing.
You really want to use Squarespace.
I'm a big fan.
Can they, it says you get free custom domain.
And I'm very excited about that.
Can they just get me KarateDog.com?
Because I just went to it and it's available,
but it's for sale for $2,800.
And like, will they foot the bill for that?
Or am I going to have to pay for that?
Or how does the-
Griffin, it's going to pay for itself.
I want to tell you guys about another sponsor we have this week,
which is MeUndies.
MeUndies is, it's just the best undies.
I'm, I'm, I think I'm, let me check.
I'm wearing a pair right now.
Me too.
Which, me too.
What fun designer, you guys,
you guys have this like summer one
with all the inflatable toys and stuff.
No, mine's blue and it's got leaves and stuff on it.
Wait, shit, Griffin, are we wearing the same one?
Aw, bud, yeah, it happened.
Love that, love that.
Yeah, synergy.
Synergy, corporate synergy.
Whether you're wearing a suit or you're wearing sweats,
I mean, those are the only two things I wear.
You're going to spend-
Or a sweatsuit.
You're spending 24 hours a day in your undies,
but your underwear is probably pretty boring
and probably pretty uncomfortable
and it probably starts, you probably have like-
It's probably evil.
Just a few tablespoons of just water in there at any time.
I want to tell you about MeUndies
because MeUndies is made of sustainably sourced modal,
which is a fabric that's twice as soft as cotton.
It's indescribably soft and it indescribably fits good.
And you're going to know why they're called the world's
most comfortable underwear.
And if you don't have your first pair of MeUndies,
they're free, no questions asked.
Shipping's free in the US and Canada
and you can save up to $8 a pair
with the MeUndies subscription plan.
And in order to get down on that plan
or get a single pair,
you can get 20% off your first order
if you go to MeUndies.com slash my brother.
That's MeUndies.com slash my brother.
Get 20% off your first order.
One more time, MeUndies.com slash my brother.
You know what I do whenever I get MeUndies?
I throw, we get the monthly thing.
So every month we get a new pair.
And whenever I get one,
I throw a pair of non-MeUndies away
and I am so close to reaching 100% MeUndies.
I'm within striking distance.
Let me tell you, I've done it in my cross country move.
Not a single old pair of stupid old underwear
made its way with me.
It's all MeUndies, I'm never looking back.
I'm going whole hog, by which I mean,
the only thing my hog will touch.
I mean my penis.
I can't wait for next week's edition of Trash Stories,
which is like, I was cleaning out some dude's apartment trash.
First of all, I stole his patio furniture.
That was tight.
I'm pretty sure that was trash
because it was in basically essentially a big trash tarp.
Anyway, went in through just like looking around,
just perusing for treasure
and just replaced my whole underwear collection
with bad underwear.
But oh well.
I've got a personal message here for Ross from Megan.
Happy fifth anniversary.
I'm so glad I could get the guys whose voices
you probably know better than my own to tell you.
Next available.
I really hope, the reason I said the next available
is I really hope that this is five months later
and like Megan withheld saying happy fifth anniversary
to Ross until we could say it.
And Ross was like, hey, happy fifth anniversary.
And Megan just went, mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, yep.
It is a happy mm.
Yep, mm, yep, mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
You'll see.
In five months.
Here's one for the brothers and family.
This is just for all of us to enjoy.
And this is from Timbo in Austin.
It says, dear brothers, sorry if this isn't goofable.
I wanted to say thank you
for letting us feel like a part of your family.
For some of us, it's a profound experience
that can get us through tough times.
Just like the holidays.
Oops-a-daisy.
Just wanted to make you know, sure you all knew
you provide the world with more than just
those sweet, sweet goose.
Good job.
Did I do it right?
That's from Timbo in Austin.
Thank you, Tim.
That's very kind.
You mentioned the holidays.
Yeah.
So I hope the way we've repaid your kind message
was waiting eight months to read it.
I think that was the cause of Justin's oops-a-daisy,
not the fact that we help people get through the holidays
with our podcast.
Yeah, that was the oops-a-daisy.
That's all we're helping to do the holiday?
Shit.
Oh, no.
Oops-a-daisy, this was like December 25th.
Tim writes this very kind message,
and we're like, yeah, Timbo, we're
going to get to that real soon, my man.
Yeah, welcome to the family.
Sit right there for eight literal months.
Sit in our virtual reading room until fall,
and then we're going to get to this very kind message.
But thank you, Tim.
That was very nice.
Thank you.
Very nice of you.
Mugs, shirts, stickers, patches, tanks, and more
are yours for the purchasing at maxfundstore.com.
Hey, you already love the podcasts,
so why not take this to the next level
and outfit your home and bod with our merch, maxfundstore.com,
because if you have to wear a shirt,
it should be one of ours.
Brothers, my husband has spent every free moment
of the past six months building and perfecting
a screen-accurate replica of a Stormtrooper's armor.
Not only that, but he's constructed a custom blaster
with some sick lights and sound effects.
This is just, this is not going to be a question.
I can feel it, right?
This is just braggy.
This is a person who's talking about how cool.
I have never been more proud, correct?
But alas, he is hiding his light under a bushel
for fear of what others, friends, family, coworkers
will think.
He was recently accepted to the 501st Legion,
and I wanted to sing his praises,
but I held back out of respect for his wishes.
Is there any way I can convince him
to take his awesomeness public?
And that's just from Gmail.
First of all, the 501st Legion is a Legion of Stormtroopers
that, like, they do marches, they attend events,
they're like a really big deal Star Wars, like,
battalion of fans.
That's a really cool honor.
And you have to have, like, perfect armor to join,
and they do, like, lots of charity work,
and they visit hospitals, and when the rebellion comes,
they will be the fucking first to stand against it and crush it.
Do they have one of these types of groups
for Austin Powerses that I could get sent in my audition tape for?
But it would probably be called, like, the 69th Legion,
because that's, like, Austin Powers, right?
You got it.
Swinging groovy, yes.
Yes, that is exactly it.
Congratulations, Travis.
Thank you very much.
My bag is a man, yes.
That is my bag, baby.
You have found it.
Thank you for returning my bag to me.
Crunky.
Crunky, my mojo's gone.
I think that this is actually a big opportunity,
because you are the only one who knows his secret identity.
So you could start to read stories in the newspaper
of, like, a mysterious stormtrooper.
Oh my god.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
Yes, Travis.
Yeah, this is the bet.
Like, don't take this awesomeness public.
Let him keep it secret.
Because if I went over to one of any of my friend's houses
right now, and they're like,
I think it's time that I show you something.
And then they, like, pull down on the book,
and they're on their bookshelf,
and then it rotates out,
revealing their perfect fucking stormtrooper armor.
That person would be a legend forever in my mind.
I would never forget that moment.
Right?
Yeah, that would be amazing.
You don't want that to be public.
You want it to be a secret that you share with, like,
secrets are cool too.
You know, it may just be,
you know how sometimes I like to wear
one of my sexier pairs of me undies underneath
when I head into the office,
just to make me feel like I'm hiding a little secret.
You know what I mean?
And I think that maybe this could be that for him.
Maybe he wants that, like,
feeling of knowing he does have a secret.
Like, if somebody's like,
yeah, as if you could ever show up in the office
dressed like a stormtrooper,
and he's like, uh-huh, you got me again, Doug.
But in his back, his head's up.
With your weirdly specific bullying.
Doug always knows just which buttons to push with pin-point accuracy.
With blaster-like specificity.
He knows exactly where to shoot.
I think that that's the question.
Justin is correct.
Is this a, no, this is just for me kind of thing?
Because that's awesome.
But if this is, like, him going,
I don't know, I'm afraid that I'd, like,
people wouldn't like it.
I think that's so far off.
I don't know, especially in this day and age
where Star Wars has become so mainstream,
I don't know anyone who wouldn't be like,
that's awesome.
And not only that, because I think people also respond well
to, like, when you put care and time into a thing.
And if they don't, like, their opinions don't matter.
But especially when you say, like, friends and family,
like, if they react shittily, they ain't your friends,
and you should discount them as family as well.
Because something like that, that you, like,
put so much time and effort and, like,
really focus your energy on,
I would think that anybody worth their salt
would think that that was amazing.
Unless it's family's all hardcore Star Trek nerds.
They've been building their accurate Borg costumes.
Yeah, I guess that's the only thing they got, right?
Like, what else would it be?
Like, here's my Klingon pants.
I made a Batleth.
This is a couple coat hangers that you twist around
a butter knife.
It is gonna make hanging out with the 501st Legion buddies
a little bit awkward.
If, like, after they visit the hospital,
they're all taking their armor off and heading in to
slam some Gatorade and go over to Chuck E. Cheese's
or Billy Bob's Wonderland, depending on where they live.
And they're like, well, how about you, new fella?
How did you think of it?
All right, it was fun.
Well, you can go ahead and, no, I'm good.
I'm just gonna leave it on, I think.
Well, okay.
I don't have a lot of room in my Ford Fiesta,
and I did offer to give you a ride with me,
but that's fine if you-
Yeah, I'm fine.
I'll hop in the back.
Let's all take a big group picture.
Masks off.
What do you say, guys?
I've actually got to go.
Traitor!
That's a little Star Wars joke for everybody in the audience.
He pulls off his helmet and it's Mark Hamill.
I was like, what the fuck?
Travis did a fun joke, too, from Star Wars.
Thank you.
Who's your favorite Star Wars?
That would be the fucking funniest bit, wouldn't it?
Like, roll up to the 500 first and just be like,
who's your guys' favorite Star Wars?
Which one of the Starmen do you think has the best super powers?
I like Iron Man, Izzy.
I like Bando.
What happened to Jango Phat?
Who?
Jango-
The Jango Unchained.
Jango Phat?
Jango Phat.
Do you guys know Yahoo?
Sure.
If you're listening to this guy who made the Stormtrooper armor,
that's awesome.
Don't be ashamed.
It's fucking great.
How about this one sent in by Dana Scarborough?
Thank you, Dana.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Tim Harrington who asks,
how to work on my radio voice?
This is all caps, by the way.
So like, I think they need work on their radio voice
because right now it's just all shouting.
I'm wondering how I can work on my radio voice.
I'll be going to college for radio broadcasting,
but how can I work on my voice?
I want to do late night jazz hours
and I know that you have to have a soft trained comforting voice.
Interesting.
What a twist.
Why do you feel like you have to do that before you get to college?
Listen, if they can't teach you how to have a smooth comforting jazz voice,
then maybe you're overpaying for your college education.
If they can't whiplash you into a smooth jazz voice,
then what are you even doing at that conservatory?
No, smoother, at my tempo.
Hey everybody, we've got a com-
No, smoother!
You threw my mug of chamomile.
I couldn't figure out a way to do that sound effect.
Slow it down.
Lower the timbre.
As we all know, there's three types of radio voices.
There's your JB-
They're JB Millers.
Oh, okay.
Well, that's not a joke that anybody's going to get.
Well, if they lived in Huntington, they would.
Yeah, no, let's broaden our net a little bit.
There's the douche and that covers, I would say, most of it.
Can you give us an example, Griffin?
Because that could be anything.
Well, and again, this has nothing to do with the personality of the person.
It's just the voice, right?
So it's just like, hey everybody, here I come, doing my voice.
Nobody talks like this, but here I come at you with the weather on the 10s.
And he's on the 10 and the nine and the eight and the seven.
He's running very slowly.
If I can announce each yard that he's crossing and touchdown.
Come on down to Blockbuster Video.
Have we got a deal for you?
Coming up after the break,
Toni Bazel's back with her follow-up to Mickey.
Mickey too, and also Bob Carlisle.
He is dropping it.
BK2, we got the world premiere streaming from Tidal.
And then, but that voice could also be like shock jock,
like Bob Carlisle's in the studio.
He's got a nut out.
I can't believe this.
Show us your boob.
Show us your boob, Bob Carlisle.
Loving it, loving it.
Bob Carlisle getting wet and wild.
Playing strip poker with Bob Carlisle in the studio.
And he has lost his shirt and his pants.
And he's got a nut out.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, yeah.
I can see Bob Carlisle's butthole and everything.
It's great.
Using him like a butterfly periscope.
Next up, we paid homeless Reggie 50 bucks
to smell Bob Carlisle's taint.
Now here's butterfly kisses too.
Too hot for TV.
Unedited explicit tag.
Okay, so that's one voice.
That's one voice.
And then there's soft voice.
And this covers-
Like your NPR voice?
Yeah, but that could also just be jazz.
Like, hey everybody, this is Griffin.
I gotta stop doing stuff like that
because I do get a lot of ASMR sort of reports in.
Just like, hey, you did it for me, thanks.
I'm glad that that's a service we provide.
I guess so too, but it's not my intention
unless I explicitly say that it is.
It feels like a violation.
But it's like, hey everybody, this is my soft voice.
And coming up on the weather on the 10s
and also a thing happened in this country
and Griffin couldn't even think of an example
of what that might be.
My favorite thing about that voice,
especially in like a smooth jazz station setting,
is that the history of some of these artists
is very, it could be very murky.
There can be some bets.
So to use that voice to be like,
and while on a heroin bender, he stabbed three people
and then went on to write, stars in the sky, enjoy.
Like that voice, like that to me
is like the best part of that voice.
It's like you could say really horrendous things
on that voice, people are like, oh, that's nice.
It's really pleasant.
And you gotta be careful not to juxtapose
because you don't want to turn on your radio
and hear somebody say, and then next up we paid
homeless Reggie $50 to smell Bob Carlisle's taint.
It makes it even sonically more unpleasant.
And then the third one, of course, is.
Oh no, Griffin said there were three.
No, I got this.
The third one is of course, impressions.
You know, that classic radio voice, impressions.
The mainstay of every used car ad that's ever been.
It's like, hey everybody, I'm Austin Powers.
Come on down to Roger Beasley Toyota
and get yourself a Prius, baby, my wife.
You should buy this.
Wait, I wasn't even doing a voice.
You should buy this car.
I can't do any voices.
What was I doing?
Who is that?
Who was that, Travis?
I'm so scared.
I was trying to do Bill Clinton,
but it sounded like Keanu Reeves.
Bill Clinton is hard.
I'm gonna try to just leap in, let me see.
Yeah, just like leap in.
Come on down for Beasley Toyota.
I didn't inhale, but you should inhale these deals.
Is that good?
I know kung fu.
Dude, you're getting a Dell.
Come on down to Roger Beasley Toyota
and come get yourself a Dell.
It's me, President Barack Obama.
Where is the beef?
It's at Bob Carlyle Toyota.
It's me, President Barack Hussein Obama.
A lot of people forget the Hussein, but it's important.
And pizza, pizza.
Come on down to my Toyota town.
Come on, fuck.
Oh, shit, you can't fucking curse.
No, that's three.
Did you guys ever...
Travis, you're excluded from this question
because we know the answer.
Do you guys ever attempt to do an impression cold?
Yeah.
Maybe just around friends and family
and it comes out note perfect
and then you can never capture it again?
You can never get back into the groove of it?
No.
Why am I excluded from this?
Because we know you can't.
I heard you're Bill Clinton.
Yeah, I can't.
Okay, I can't.
I have no control over my voice at all
until it leaves my mouth.
And then I have to do a slow tuning in
that takes me about a week to get to any impression
and then I immediately lose it.
Last week when I didn't even wind up,
I just like busted into a pitch perfect Roger Klotz.
I didn't know that that was inside of me,
but I just opened up my mouth and a little bird came out.
And then you did the impression.
And then I did the impression.
Folks, that's gonna do it for us.
Thank you so much for listening to our program.
We hope you've enjoyed your time with us.
Can you do an impression when you do the outro?
It's so boring.
I hate doing it every time.
I think it would spice it up
if we just did a little bit of like a fun voice.
Who do you want?
Yes, yes.
We will all do celebrity impersonations,
but I will not pick.
You guys have to tell me who the celebrity
I am to impersonate is.
Gwyneth Paltrow.
Oh, no.
Okay, that's ridiculous.
She doesn't have a specific speaking style.
She does too.
No, she's a-
Okay, go on Travis.
Wait, sorry.
Fuck, that was Ringo Starr.
You're Gwyneth Paltrow.
No, you're Gwyneth Paltrow now.
Can I be Andre the Giant?
Yes.
Yeah, you can be Andre the Giant.
You don't get to pick your own.
Who am I?
Why don't you be Andre the Giant?
Oh, sounds like what are they doing?
Andre the Giant.
Justin, I want you to do Michael Keaton.
These are the weirdest impression requests ever.
What the fuck, Travis?
I'll do Andrew Jackson.
I'll do Bob Carlisle.
We do have a big announcement.
Hello, folks.
This is Travis McElroy coming to you
with a very special announcement.
We are doing a candlelight show this year.
But wait a minute.
Well, wait a minute.
We said that we wouldn't because you and I are having babies
like right around then.
Yeah, Griffin.
But here's the twist.
We're doing it in September
because candlelight is whenever you want it to be.
And that's when we're all going to be in Huntington.
So that's when we want it to be.
And sometimes you just feel that holiday spirit coming around
while you're shooting a television show for CSO.
And sometimes you need a special.
You need live footage of you doing your podcast
for the television show that you're making.
Sometimes the stars just align like that.
Yeah, sometimes you grab the stars by their stupid faces
and say, get in a line.
Get in a line, stars.
September 30th.
So we will have more details coming and ticket links
and all that stuff on Twitter.
We're trying to put the tickets on sale this week.
So like before the next episode goes up.
So we'll tweet ahead of time to let everyone know
when they'll be going on sale.
But pay attention to the NBNBM Twitter.
September 30th in Huntington.
We're going to be doing a candlelight special
with Sawbones and maybe Schmaners.
And we will be filming parts of it
and putting it on the CSO show.
We know this is coming in hot.
It really isn't like we think it's going to be a lot of fun.
Otherwise, we can't do any more live shows this year
after this basically.
So this is like our last chance to do this thing.
And it's coming in kind of hot.
But it's because this idea was,
it popped up only very recently.
So candlelights in September.
September 30th in Huntington.
More details to come probably this week.
Watch our Twitter at NBNBAM.
This isn't specifically related to this show.
But we make another show.
It's called The Adventure Zone.
It's a D&D podcast we make with our dad.
And a bunch of folks who listen to that show
led by Megan Raley and with help from Carrie Peach
have made a project called The Adventure Zine
where it's a collection of fan art.
And all the profits from this fan art book
are going to go to Facing Hunger.
Which is a Huntington-based food bank.
And it's a really cool project.
And they have raised a ton of money already.
But you will definitely want to get a copy of this.
Yeah, I know.
It's out of control.
Theadventurezine.com is the address to go
if you want to get a copy.
And this isn't like a book that's going to be widely made
and then sold in stores and stuff.
This is how you get it.
So you'll want to head over to theadventurezine.com
and pre-order your copy right away.
So get on board with that.
If you've already done that, thank you so much
from us and from everybody in this area.
We really appreciate your help.
I also want to say because we forgot to mention it
on the last one.
So we did smart stuff.
The Justin and we did it with Justin and Roman Mars.
And that was a joke.
Well, on episode 225 of 99% Invisible,
Roman Mars took it and he ran with it
and he made it funnier than I could ever possibly imagine.
And it was wonderfully flattering that he did that.
And it's so cool.
Go check it out.
And if you haven't listened to 99% Invisible,
what the fuck is wrong with you?
It's so good.
All right, let's run down some stuff.
Uh, thanks to Maximum Fun for having us.
It's a podcast network we're really proud to be a part of.
Go to MaximumFun.org.
You can find a ton of podcasts there
that you will absolutely love,
like The Flophouse and Throwing Shade
and Jordan Jesse Goh and Judge John Hodgman,
all of them at MaximumFun.org.
We're going to be at MaxFunCon East next weekend.
And hopefully we'll see all y'all there.
We're doing a live adventure zone while we're there
that I'm excited for.
Lots of surprises.
I just got a bunch of new costume pieces for it.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
And I got like a real-ass shield.
Nice.
So we do other podcasts that you can listen to
at McElroyShows.com.
I won't go through the list of them,
but we do a ton.
And if you like this show,
then you're going to love one of the other ones we do,
I guarantee it.
Thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed,
which you should absolutely go listen to.
And then after listening to that,
you're going to want to go
and point your iTunes browser
towards the emotion b-sides from my leash,
Carly Rae Jepsen,
and just sort of emerge yourself
in a sensory deprivation chamber
that somehow does allow the sense of sound
and just-
And love.
The sense of love.
And taste, strangely.
Just fucking let it go.
Just let it all go in that Jepsen tank.
If you're looking for one track,
might I suggest Store.
Oh, Store, guys.
Store.
But Store.
But that Store, though.
You want that final?
Hit me.
Yep.
Here come that final.
This one was sent in by Michael Knoll.
Thank you.
It was asked by Yahoo Answers user Gabriel M,
who asks,
did Happy Gilmore continue professional golfing
after the movie ended?
Oh, no.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother and Me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hello, and welcome to PodPhone.
What type of podcast are you looking for?
You have chosen funny podcasts about bad movies.
Rated R.
May we recommend The Flophouse?
Three friends talk about bad movies
and make each other and you laugh.
Rated R.
The Flophouse is playing at your ears.
If you download it right now.
If you download it right now or whenever.
Rated R.
To purchase tickets to The Flophouse.
You don't need to do that.
Just download it.
The Flophouse.
Rated R.
For nudity, I guess.
