The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. Well me. Oh this guy over here. I'm Travis the middlest
Hey, what's up? This is Griffin McElroy the youngest one of them
Yeah, talk about your energy can you speak on that please my energy yeah, yeah
Can you speak on that please your energy right now is just sort of like sure sure sure well
I'm actually that's weird that it sounds like that cuz I'm fucking turbocharged ready to go
Are you turbocharged ready to go could you bring something different to the intro then please I mean
It's just I can't control my voice sounds like but I do want everybody at home. No I am turbocharged
I'm fucking chock full of acai berries and power berries and
Protein yogurt, and I'm ready to fucking party wait. Hey Griffin. Can I check you know?
I'll just sign you can't control what your voice sounds like yeah, really that's a great SNL character
I don't know if you ever
If you ever heard about that it's also kind of like the one thing we do for a living on a regular basis
It's make the voice sound like something else. Yeah, I mean, I don't know I I I just want everybody at home to know
I'm not sad
Cuz I ate I ate so many fucking acai super berries this morning, and it's got did you hear me laugh? Yeah?
Yeah, that was better. I like that intentional or did it just slip out it just came out cuz I was thinking about all the delicious
Big and juicy acai berries that stained my fingers when I ate him like a naughty boy in grandma's garden
And so I do feel I feel so I feel good and strong and powerful and energetic and
That so look, but go I have layers
Behind my behind the sad the obvious sad behind blue eyes
Did you guys hear about what James Cromwell did I did actually I don't know
I don't I don't know James Cromwell from Madden, okay?
He's the farmer from babe, but he's the farmer from babe and other things
Oh, all right from babe, and he did that'll do I think he was probably in Star Trek, and he's in secession
Oh, he was definitely in Star Trek. He was the he invented the war the warp drive for crying out loud
But that's not really what's important Griffin. I want to tell you about what James Cromwell did
Uh-huh
James Cromwell got himself in a little bit of a sticky situation
Cuz what happened Griff is that James Cromwell popular old man James Cromwell
Superglued himself to the counter of a Starbucks in New York. Yes. Yes
Which part of himself?
And he superglued his hands to the counter
To protest the fact that they up charge for vegan milk
All right
Can you imagine you're just trying to get through your day
You see the farmer from babe, and he's like check this out. I'm a sticky bandit. Yeah, he loses his hands
To the counter, and that's your day, but it feels like I could get I
could hand my credit card to the cashier and receive my
expensive
You know
oat milk latte
Like around James Cromwell, do you know I mean like he's got gaps like we could go through the armpit or between the legs
Like there's a lot of ways to get coffee past Jim Jim Cromwell. I feel like
Could you hand me the
Oh
This story stick in your mouth for a second, please thank you Jim if you're listening
I understand it is I would say a bad practice because it discourages the ordering of the vegan option
And it's unfair to people who can't have you know that would do I get it
I get the environment to yeah for sure I like Jim
But you know it's not the person behind the counter who sets the prices right here
You know that right Jim Jim that person with a trendy haircut and like a dyed hair
That's not the color that appears in nature Travis
He was not protesting that morning that his cough his personal
superglue in his pocket
And he was like how much for a bit fuck that yeah
But he actually he actually loudly announced several times don't get it twisted. I have 70 cents
I mean the only person he's inconvenient like yes
That's gonna make its way up the chain to mr.
Coffee who's kind of an asshole about it or whatever but that person the person he's inconveniencing is the person who's just like
Listen, man. I'm just counting down until my break. Please please Jim. I need these tips Jim, please
Um yeah, what's your all's favorite way to sort of sneak a coffee past James and sticky James Cromwell like
under the right arm
Under the right arm, and then I'd like to stick my arm in there and pretend like it. I'm James Cromwell
I'm gonna scratch my nose
I would do like a high-five with his free hand and
Then when his arm was up like he has made a defensive sort of gap in the in his in his sticky armor
And I would definitely get one past him did he just do one hand I?
Guess he would have to well no no he did both hands
I think how did he get out of this how do you get out of this it says that he used a knife?
Oh, no, yeah, yeah nail polish remover will take care of that Jim
I mean if he if you bring nail polish remover to your superglue protest
You're basically saying like I'm not really committed
I like a minute, but I will also say if he did both hands then someone else had to wield the knife
At actor James Cromwell use his mouth use his fucking mouth
Finally they had Sir Paul McCartney write a letter to this former CEO of Starbucks to ask that they would eliminate the extra vegan
Milk fee yeah, because they did that in the UK and so he's probably like all right check it out. It's good. Yeah
Well won't you strike McCartney or James Cromwell strike it down of it over there
And then this that was that was Sir Paul McCartney speaking to former CEO Kevin Johnson
Which I guess he was like can you please ask the real CEO?
To stop doing it that way. It's me Sir Paul McCartney. I'm not sure how business works
Are you his dad is that it, but if you would tell him?
Okay, so I watch the video. He did glue one hand
Oh, that's how like just so he did have one hand free. Yeah give thumbs up to local tourists or whatever do you think?
He did that first hand and the people behind the counter like waited
Expectantly for him to do the second hand too, and then when they didn't he was like oh, oh
Okay, I guess I just okay
And the heartbreaking thing is this is an autograph in hand that he glued down
So he couldn't even like you know spend some face time with the with the fans
That was anyone can draft an email to former CEO Kevin Johnson
But Sir Paul McCartney's never gonna glue his hand to the counter of an American Starbucks
I think that they I I like to imagine that they had to talk him down to gluing his hand to the counter like
I'm gonna go to Starbucks, and I'm gonna blow myself up like well no James Jim Jim. That's too far. He's like okay
Well, I'm just gonna cut my legs off like now. I don't think so. Okay. I'll cut my hands off. No Jim
I don't want that either. Can I super glue both my hands to the counter getting closer warmer?
Just I'm gonna super glue my testicles to the count
We told you a thousand times. You can't do that if you want to do that at home. That's your thing
Just what the one hand I'll just glue one hand to the counter. I was can't why would you do one finger Jim listen?
I'm drawing the line at one hand principles if I attempted this which I fucking wouldn't but if I attempted this I
Could I be crazy became a thing Griffin? I would love it. This is the new
Starbucks the glue yourself to a Starbucks challenge
From the creators of punch your teacher comes the glue yourself to the star
I feel like if I I could go on I could not eat or drink for a day
I could fast for a day and then slap my sticky hand down on that counter and within I'd say two seconds
I my brain would immediately go. Hey piss sounds pretty good right about now, doesn't it?
Brain I literally
Pissed right before I pissed and then I put the super glue on my hand and then I slapped it down and my brain
Yeah, I know but oh, yeah. Did you get it all out?
It doesn't feel like I had to go to the the you know politics corner
across from Baskin-Robbins
Happens on a day. Yeah, definitely. I went with Sid to like do the honking waves thing with cars drive by she asked me
I was like, wait a minute
You want me to stand?
For one hour in a unbathroomed locale just like standing there
So I couldn't leave to go use the bathroom at home if I wanted to write so one full hour and damned
It's the first car honks. I didn't have to like immediately use the bathroom. Like I have to be right now. It's it's urgent
Yeah, you're a great husband Justin. Thank you for making that sacrifice. That means a lot. I'm sure means a lot to your wife
I just pissed pants. Yeah. Oh, well that actually I think makes you let me check the chart a slightly worse husband
Oh, no, but I but in the but in the Cromwell power rankings, you've moved up there
Yeah, you're still out there, but you moved up for the sacrifice, but then you moved slightly down
So a net positive you crumbed extremely well. Yeah, you crumbed hard
My name that's what he has when he reaches his next level crumb heart. Yeah, when you use a moonstone on it
Then he's Jim crumb hard
You sticky slap crumb hard crumb hard
Crumb hard use something. Oh, that's not what I thought sticky slap was crumb hard. Don't ever do that move again
Delete that move put in quick attack. That's suck crumb hard
I'm going to
Do rail us from this comedy gold for a moment just to say thank you to everybody because I didn't get to say this last
Week who became a new upgrading or boosting member?
And also in case you missed it cuz man there I don't know if you guys are gonna believe this
But there's some lucky few who are not on the social media. Yeah, we had to do a lot of dumb shit
Because you guys were very supportive
That included let's see macro mix-up or my brother my brother and me remix whatever we called it where we did
Redid an episode
In the 300s, I think of my brother my brother and me and we switched parts
So I was just it was Griffin Griffin was Travis. It was silly. The drive is over. We don't have to sell
I'm just letting people know that it's there in case they didn't see it on social media
But also we had to get each other haunted dolls. Oh, yeah, I'm not arrived yet. So are you sure I got it
I got a delivered notification Griffin
I did I think yours when I come to me cuz I have to I had mine sent to me
Cuz I didn't know if we would actually get to the goal or not. So now I ship it back. So you have mine
Yeah, I have yours. Oh wait, so oh right. I sent mine to Justin, right?
Okay, I'll ship yours out griff cool Justin. Do you have yours? Cuz I already unboxed neutral Roberta sad spirit
Spirit I do want to say I have seen pics of the dolls and I I got this one for you
I definitely I have it Trav, but I have been waiting for
Like cuz you did an unboxing video. I've been waiting for like a good muscle day, you know
Yeah, like it's today a good muscle day act. Yeah a day where I look not having done anything but like I
Just happened to look jacked and swole. Oh, yeah
Yeah, yeah
Like maybe you drank a lot of water the day before you retained all of it and all of it somehow went right to my muscles
Yeah, yeah for like a really strong muscle day. Well, I actually mean neutral Roberta have really been hitting it off
She liked black coffee and gardening. Yeah, so I give her a little bit
Coffee every day. Have you heard the night yelling? Yeah, no, because I think I've been keeping her in a pretty good mood
So she hasn't been sad. I think that we're getting well it has nothing to do with her emotional
State it's like when she when she fills up with spectral energy
She lets it out by yelling really really loud when the moon and stars are out
okay, yeah, so it's like it's less like a
Feared yelling and more of like a you know steam escaping a kettle. Oh
Okay
You're gonna love it though. You're gonna really like the way it feels I guarantee it now
I have noticed in the listing it says unexplained sounds and movement, but I also have two dogs and a five-year-old and a two-year-old
So it's always hard to tell
Which of those is moving at any time? Yeah, just assume it's neutral Roberta. Uh-huh. Okay
Now it also says and I love this that a lot of the information about her
Comes to the seller via smoke work. That's like hell. Yeah. Okay. Yeah
No, she does vape tricks for sure. Yeah, I love that
Well, we're gonna have these things in our rooms where you can see them and they can see us for one calendar year
So I can't wait to see how we really settle into the space. I am I am I will say this
Uh a little confused and Justin you're a bit more of a hundred doll expert. So maybe you can explain this to me
This line Roberta is a good spirit. I put the neutral label as she has a very sad disposition
If you had a sad friend who is good all the time
I think it would be positive is it that her sad disposition brings her spirit down to neutral because that's a bummer
It's cuz it's all garbage. Oh, okay. Great. Yeah. I don't want to punch
Down or up or sideways, but the thing is about it is it's all nonsense. I think at this point
They're mostly generated by AI. This is my current theory that there's a that there's a robot
it wouldn't be hard by the way to make a robot that just like
buys
untended
Shipping containers full of disused dolls all individually generates all drop shipper
Yeah
Bezos drones are bringing haunted dolls one last thing I'll say about neutral bird is a real
I'm just gonna say a real steal a real bargain cuz she came with her own chair
So I got a hundred eyes and her own chair now the chair if you watch the unboxing
Came with I'm gonna say about an inch and a half long spike on it
Then I think you're supposed to jam her butt down on to keep her in place
I removed that spike and I'm hoping that will help with her sad disposition. It will certainly keep her more
neutral
Yes, if someone said hey for the rest of a training you're trapped in this doll
I'd be like, ah bummer and also also you'll be impaled ass-wise
I would not be wild about that scenario remain neutral though while while this happens
This is I don't know if you've heard but it's an advice show
And what we do is we take your questions in terms of alchemy like into wisdom
And I am very much looking forward to helping you our beloved listeners. Oh great
I'm in a thrift shop checking out some cassette tape decks
I hit a jacked on one and there happens to be a recording tape in it with no markings on it
I am dying to hear what is on the cassette, but I'm not interested in buying the deck
Is it stealing if I just take the tape?
Technically the tape is not for sale, right? That's from copping cassettes in Colorado. Hmm. Hmm
Well, you take a you take a thing without paying for it
You know, I have a friend who would be really helpful with this and his name is Macklemore
What what what what what is Macklemore how's it going?
Not good. No, that's I I'm hearing it. It's okay. I was had to step away. Sorry. That's just how I answer the phone
Hey Macklemore, how's it going? It's going pretty good. How's it going? You sound exactly the fucking same as my middle brother so close to Travis
It's all right. Yeah, I've heard that before
Try clearing your throat. Yeah, I'm like Macklemore. Yes me Macklemore
What's up, Justin J dog? Hey, hey M money. Um, I uh, I
What did you hear the question Macklemore? Of course, I had the question. I'm always listening baby
Yeah, you're listening to our live record. Yeah, baby. Hey Macklemore. I want you I would can you say his name again?
It don't stumble, please. Yeah, so it sucks. Hi Macklemore. I'm Griffin McElroy. Hi Griffin. How do you like it?
Huh? It sucks
Griffin McLeroy, huh? I just wanted to let you know that you talk cool. Oh, thank you so much, man
All right, you're back in it. Yeah, okay, so your voice is cool in the way you the words you pick is cool
Oh, thanks dog
Benjamin yeah, if I may. Yeah, of course
Is that okay? Yeah, Benjamin. You just call me Jamin
Jamin
It's crazy that you had you changed your name and you didn't make it been Jamin cuz that like
Jamin, yeah
Yeah
That's what my best friends call me
Been Jamin. Okay. So like here's the deal with this is like what he is it stealing if you take a tape out
Of a tape deck at a thrift shop. Oh
I'd say it's a package deal if it's in there. That's part of it, right?
You wouldn't find a deck of cards at a thrift shop and say well, I can just take the ace of hearts, right?
It's in there. It's in the package
So is it I'm confused by heat by that
shit
How's Ryan doing Ryan Lewis? Yeah, we don't talk anymore. We don't talk anyway, you know, yeah. Oh dang. I'm sorry
No, it's it's about an eboard
Hey, is it true back of war that you have a
painting of a nude Justin Bieber
Yeah, it wasn't new to start off with but I every time
On the club, you know, it's every time I looked away the picture got neuter and neuter and
Somewhere Justin Bieber wore more and more clothes. It was really weird man. It was totally messed up
I don't want to talk to you anymore. Why yes you do. We just started talking about this
I know, but I don't really want to talk. Hold on. Let me message you guys a nude painting of Justin Bieber. No, I
Already have it. Oh
Too late. That's cool. Why did you send this to me?
Because this is a painting of McLemore owns. Hey, anyways, this tapes probably haunted. I gotta go. Bye
I can't believe that we had a McLemore on the show. We didn't ask him about
Like any of his other works?
Did his other saw the one song that he did that was supposed to heal the world. Yeah that number. Yeah
Same love same. Yeah, is that what you're thinking?
Oh, there was also the time that he said like a great white shark on shark week, and that was pretty good
I like that one. Yeah, so we've actually reached I've reached the McLemore
Horizon, right? Oh, no. Yeah, I don't want mess up way to talk about our cousin. You want to talk about a McAless?
This fucking hell dude. So
Yes, the
The wizard sent sent us in this one by actually oh the wizard sent it. No art sent approach me
This is the lowest art Senate and thank you are it's the lowest score. I've seen this one has a
50 percent rating. I didn't realize there were ratings. There are there are and I'm sorry, that's the lowest you've ever seen 50%
Yeah, so holy shit. It's got 43 co-authors Wow
Takes a village if one of them voted a hundred percent on it
It would definitely be higher than this right who's not pulling their weight
Yeah, I don't I I there's no credits on it
So I can't say but it is how to use chocolate to spice up your relationship
Oh, yeah, chocolate and romance are often considered to go hand-in-hand in the love department. In fact offering
I'm sorry Griffin one one quick note. Yeah, did you say love again with a couple more O's in it?
Department in fact offering a box of delectable fine chocolates on Valentine's Day to your lover is a common standard
Standard historically considered to be an aphrodisiac inciting passion and attraction. Do you already know what it is?
Yeah, so let's get a cow and you get rock-hard. Yeah, the cacao makes you turgid. So
Turgid enough to hold up a syrupy pancake. Yeah
He is gonna know you don't have to be careful too much chocolate will turn it fully into a pancake
You gotta be so careful starts if you get to turgid spreads out left to right and you are gonna hate that the way that feels
Yeah
So it's first step out of what is just all of them are so good
But the first one is conduct a sexy chocolate treasure hunt
Huh?
Choose a child choose a time when the kids are with friends and create a steamy game of chocolate hide-and-go-seek
Don't tell your signal about I
Mean it does it's just implied right is in my butt it is if they're the instant the map you had all the clues with
The milk milk lemonade turn around for just me you had everything you needed to solve the case
Don't tell your significant other just allude to an evening of intimacy and to quote be ready
Okay. Okay. Okay. How do you allude?
To a sexy chocolate treasure hunt without explicitly saying that in a way that's that is not concerning
Yeah, I mean if anyone tell if if my wife tells me hey, just so you know
It's gonna get steamy tonight. Be ready. Be ready
I don't like that actually gives me less information. Yeah, and if she just had told me nothing
Yeah, like that's gonna send me into a bit of a bit of a panic
Just get just say you're gonna be looking for some clues. What did you do?
I just don't worry about a there's some stuff hidden around what it what did you do?
The friends are with the kids be ready
create
Purchase a large box of pre-wrapped chocolates preferably your partner's favorites created either a trail of chocolate pieces and rose petals
Leading to the boudoir or devise an interactive treasure hunt. I got dogs. I can't do that
Yeah, that's a really excellent point. Well, the dogs are with friends, too
And with dog friends or with people friends watching them it couldn't matter less their dog
It does matter if there were dog friends
They're gonna get up to shenanigans and chasing alley cats and knock over trash cans for treasure hunt clues
We've both humor and romance into the text such as
Find your next treat in the place where I take my evening seat a favorite bathroom
No a favorite a favorite sofa
That's a toilet for sure
And then leave a small clue with each piece of chocolate until the hunt culminates either in the bedroom or a cozy area of your home
Where you have arranged for a romantic dinner for two and then can't stress enough to and I can't believe they didn't include this the instructions
Turn the air conditioning way up because you do not want to like hide chocolate like in the couch on like a 90-degree day or some
Shit, yeah, I hope you fucking ruined the count. What had like and this is all goop in my head
What have you done?
The end of the chocolate treasure hunt could involve you smothered in chocolate or at least with chocolates
Waffle house hash brown, baby. What how did he die? Well
smothered and covered
So now we're looking at step two, which is make a playlist of music featuring chocolate
Term chocolate chocolate rain by Taze on day chocolate rain remix
chocolate rain radio edit chubby rain
Just be gone from fucking
No, it was both finger both finger. Yeah, it's Christ
I mean what a gimme chocolate by babymetal is gonna be it's gonna really get the party started
a
Simple search using the term chocolate on music programs such as iTunes will reward you with numerous tracks based on chocolate or chocolate themes
Can I jump back a second to say that individually pre-wrapped chocolates to make a trail is a lot of work
I think a lot of litter. Yeah a much more I would say direct and easy to accomplish thing
Just grab like a bottle of chocolate syrup
Start at one point and just like squeeze it into a line. Yeah create a trail
That's a much clearer slippery fun trail and then you just walk and you lick lick it off the ground
Yeah
Like like a dog like a sick dog take a bath in chocolate
Skip squeezing the Hershey's syrup in the tub and do a chocolate bath the right way
While the internet is loaded with plenty of chocolate bath recipes
You might try wiki house own chocolate bath recipe or a chocolate bubble bath
Don't like the chalk don't eat that it says don't eat the chocolate because your stinky bodies in there
So wait, is it literally just first of all the amount of chocolate syrup one would have to buy to fill a
Bathtub well, no
I think it's I think it's saying that you fill it with water and then you sort of like make it a hot cocoa
situation
Gross, I mean we've all seen that scene where Augustus gloop goes up the tube and you're like god
I wish that was me getting school
big tube
Incorrect. That's the worst. Yeah, it's a weird white kind of weird milky looking chocolate gross
That was not he was not drunk that that large boy was not drowned in white chocolate, you know that no
It wasn't white chocolate, but it was like a pale tan. It was not like so it was it's rough
Yeah, they I don't think that they could figure out how to make it look right
and so yeah, I came up with some bullshit about like, oh, yeah, this is a
On
Unhomogenized chocolate or something. It's rad. It's crazy. Yeah, it looks like fucking muddy river water. It does not look like chocolate
Yeah
I mean of all the ways to drown that that child who made the mistake of wanting to eat chocolate during his tour of the chocolate
Factory we're in a room where everything was edible or my edible. Yeah, which he was condemned to death
Yeah, he was told to eat. He's
like he was and then he ate and then they were like now you get drought and
He was saying a whimsical song and he was the first one to go
Yeah, not not like the kid who like or the kid who like went into a room is like I want to test out this
Cool technology. I'm a fucking child
Technology can put me on TV. Yeah, I want to do it
Anyway, have chocolate on the menu for breakfast lunch or dinner
You're gonna be pretty sick of it some examples beef stew with chocolate
Well, I guess not a white night teeny which I guess has white chocolate in it
I mean you could do like a mole which would be that would be nice. Chris Kohler's got a real nice recipe for
Japanese curry that has chocolate
It's actually really good try body painting with chocolate
Yeah, I mean that sounds good to me too
I found a recipe by the way for chocolate milk bath. If you want to do that, you dust dump a cup of powdered milk
Tablespoons of cocoa powder and a tablespoon of cornstarch. Yeah a tub and then you just do that. Yeah
Can't be enough. I love taking a bath where I have to take another bath
Right after like I have to get directly the shower and clean on vomit
And then clean the shower because you've left a big a big brown mess everywhere in it
I'm the thing about
sticky-brow foam
Think about the the chocolate body painting is if you're the type of like partners that would be into chocolate body painting
You've already done it without wiki how having to tell you to do it
So if you're doing it off of wiki house thing, there's no way it's not weird. There's no way
There's not a moment. I was like and I guess I'm gonna put it on your nipple
I think I'll put it here on your butt. Is this doing it for you?
The recipe they provided is as follows 17 and a half ounces of dark chocolate
13 and a half ounces of cream a handful of chopped mint leaves one finely chopped chili pepper and a double shot of espresso
That's going to taste bad and feel bad on your body. Is that for the bath? I'm putting a chili pepper. No, this is body paint
This is body paint. No, thank you. A little bit of a tingle. Paint my balls with mint and pepper and espresso. I am
So awake, let me wait. Let me get real sweaty first and open up my pores. Go for it. Yeah, perfect
Perfect now put the chili pepper immediately on my glands. No
Give a gift of exclusive chocolates the fuck that mean wiki how?
Spoke chocolates by the most delectable box of chocolates possible or oh, yeah or
naughty
Anatomy chocolates. Oh like a dick
No, Travis, like a tibia
and an elbow
And present your beloved with it to help him or her recapture the evening of chocolate indulgence for a little longer yet
Please God no more you baked me in it and painted me and spiced in the spicy chocolate and have burned my nipples so badly
Yeah, eat this eat this extremely expensive French dick chocolate. Bring it back, please
No, it's called Richard see French seal the giving with a French kiss involving passing an exquisite
Chocolate between the two of you gross that that's you know, that's the most phonetically pleasing sentence
I think in the English language is seal the giving with a French kiss involving passing an exquisite chocolate between the two of you
Try so do you want to you want to trade gum?
We could do that too if you want to you can deal with any candy. It doesn't have to just be chocolate
and I also just
Yeah
Not like rule number one like advice number one on this should be like before like the most important thing
Be so careful not to get into an argument when you have all this plans
because can you imagine
You made up all this body paint and like you filled the tub with chocolate and you like ordered dick-shaped French exclusive chocolate and then like
You get into a fight about like whose turn it was to like into the dishwasher or whatever and you're like, okay fine, whatever
Also, like I hate your I hate I hate your mom. Finally you said it
We're so still we can't do that. We're too sticky to do this right and I can't leave
I can't storm out of the apartment right now our showers covered in fucking chocolate. I have no way to be like
Wolves outside or something. I don't know man. We live in the woods in this scenario
The last one is visit a chocolate spa, which is certainly something everyone has
I just want to end this with the community QA it has
a one question and the question is why would you do this?
Community answer says if you both really like chocolate this could be a fun way to enjoy yourselves if it's not for you turn
The page Wow
That's
Anyway, that's how to enjoy chocolate with your lover or how to waste a bunch of chocolate with you're both really gross
Yeah, I think so, too
um
There's some extremely by the way, if you are looking for some good material to
Crank to there's some really great images on this one for you. Just waiting
I do want to go there
There is nothing better than a website there's no status symbol I can think of that I'll say to people I'm
Somebody and I know where I'm going than a website if somebody asks you your girl, you know
Like what's an earl and they're like your URL and then you have to explain to them that you don't have one
They'll throw you out of whatever building you're in
Even if that building is a plane Squarespace is ready to step in and say here. Let us help you build a website
You can grow your business online and stand out with one of these beautiful websites
Make it about whatever you want Squarespace doesn't care
What are very permissive you can if you want business features on your website, you know business features
Yeah online booking
Scheduling. Hey, do you want clients on your website? You can schedule there
There's no hassles
They've got galleries that you can customize to show people the different kinds of things that you make or do and you can make videos
Effortlessly, there's a video studio. Do you guys know this? No
Squarespace can help you make and share engaging videos that can tell your story grow your audience and drive sales
You can go to a squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial now
They're now they're feeling generous
But when you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain
Squarespace
Business is here. Oh
I like that. Let's get a Squarespace. Let's get a business. Oh
Try one more
Squarespace
Casuals everything around me. There it is. Okay. No, I love that. Hey stitch fix
Hey, don't you dare? Where do you dare calling me? Hey stay your brother. No, sorry. I was talking to stitch fix
Oh, hey stitch fix
You just sent me a pair of like rainbow
Funkadelic slim trunks and I love the hell out of them. Thank you so much. I know
Oh god, I was just filled with the shuddering realization that I will have to see those at some point
Oh, yeah, you will baby because they're perfect to my style
Hey Justin, you know my style and every time you see me you're like Travis. I love your style
I say Travis that's perfect to your style a thing many people say
I noticed how that look that you're wearing perfectly fits your style. Do you know why Justin?
Why that's because I went on stitch fix and whatever your style is now more than ever is the time to rock it
but maybe
You can use just a little nudge to find out some looks that's where stitch fix can help you out Justin
Can I tell you what to do?
Even you Justin. I'm a disaster
Yeah, your style is a barren wasteland like the Mojave Desert, but even there you can find life
Hi, I'm Travis McRae spokesman for both stitch fix and the Mojave Desert
Huge get yeah
The first thing you're gonna do you're gonna go to stitch fix and you're gonna take a few minutes to set up your style profile
With a few questions and it's gonna take over there and you can do that from the Mojave Desert
With free universal Wi-Fi located in the Mojave Desert stop lying. No, that's coming in 2025
We have big plans
Then stitch fix expert stylist will go to work finding items exclusively for you Justin
For me even me even you ship directly to the Mojave Desert where you will have to go pick them up
But just you Justin everyone else will get them at their homes
They'll send you five pieces to try on you keep what you love you send back what you don't the shipping's returns and exchanges are easy
And free so sign up today stitch fix comm slash my brother to get $20 off your first purchase
That's stitch fix comm slash my brother to get $20 off your first purchase
it's a limited time offer purchase within two days of sign up and
For the next hundred people that arrive at the front gates of the Mojave Desert. You'll get a free Muggsy Bogues bobblehead
So don't wait great. Yeah, just one in one of those you can get it there. It's exclusive. It's a Mojave Desert exclusive
Hi, my name is Graham Clark, and I'm one half of the podcast stop podcasting yourself a show that we've recorded for many many years and
At the moment instead of being in person we're recording remotely and you wouldn't even notice
You don't even notice the lag
That's right Graham and the great thing about this
Go ahead
No, you go ahead. Okay. Okay, go ahead and you can listen to us every week on
Maximumfun.org or wherever you get your podcasts your podcasts
Did your neighbor back into your car bring that case to judge Judy
Think the mailman might be the real father give that one to judge Mattis
But does your mom want you to flush her ashes down the toilet at Disney World when she passes away?
Now that's my jurisdiction. Welcome to the court of judge John Hodgman where the people are real
The disputes are real and the stakes are often unusual
If I got arrested for dumping your ashes in the jungle cruise, it would be an honor
I don't want to be part of somebody getting a super yacht
I don't know at what point you want to go into that business
But we've had a worm bin before available for you right now at Maximumfun.org
Judge John Hodgman the court of last resort when your wife won't stop pretending to be a cat and knocking the clean laundry over
How about another question I would want that I'm a 32 year old woman nice
And well, no, it's a question. Oh, I'm a 32 year old woman who's forgotten how to socialize in this new world
So I was letting my hairstylist whom I have never seen before work away and focus in silence
I was quite relaxed with her hands in my hair the white noise of the salon hair dryers the ASMR
Crinkling of foils in my hair. Yeah, suddenly I wake up to her asking me. Did you just fall asleep?
I said, yes, I'm so sorry. She acts like it was no big deal
But I'm obviously embarrassed that I'm a grown woman who just fell asleep in the middle of a busy public place
Like some kind of toddler. I don't know. I had my glasses on
I fell asleep in the middle of a busy public place like some kind of toddler. I don't know. I had my glasses off
Wait, how long? I don't think I understand that sentence. I don't know. I had my glasses off
Oh, you're not a glasses wearer Justin glasses
The removal glasses is often an indication to your body that it's sleep time. Yeah. Oh, okay
It's like a okay got it. I have my glasses off. I was comfy
She didn't mention it again, but continued to work in silence. I stayed very awake for the rest of the hair appointment
Can I show my face here again? She did a good job in my hair
I don't think a sign would help that you can't just cut us off with the knees like that
You don't know terribly tired in texas a sign would help of like a cute cherub going
I'm sweeping that would help I think
Hey things are rough
Out there and basically nobody's getting enough sleep. Yeah. Yes, if
If somewhat obviously this is a different example
But if I know that people fall asleep to our podcast and that is a great honor because that is I would I loved the idea
of being
You know this podcast morpheus. That's why I try to be as boring as possible and not funny
I have a podcast for people to fall asleep to about cereal
It's called the empty bowl intentional like yeah, that one wants it too much. It's desperate for it. Yeah
Um and getting hey check this out getting your haircut feels good as fuck
Like especially when they do the when they do the the rinsy stuff the rinsing
Um that feels really good and I can fully understand falling asleep during that
I don't think you have anything to feel apologetic for. I don't think this is a situation that
They were embarrassed or they should be embarrassed by it all
I also think there's two different ways for the hairstylist to ask the question. Did they say?
Did you just fall asleep or did they say? Yeah, did you just fall asleep? Yeah. Yeah. I bet it was the latter
there's a big difference like
honestly, like
Why did they ask I think it's weird for them to ask
They usually just like let it let it slide, right?
Like did you just fall asleep if I fall asleep while my wife is telling me something
She would never ask, you know if I just fell asleep, right, you know, which is accepts that i'm
Uh a bad person, you know, yeah
Absolutely, maybe the hairstylist asked because for them it's a point of pride
Like I did such a good job that like I the person felt very comfortable with me and they fell asleep
And that's like did you fall asleep? Yes, and they like reach over and they add a little tally mark to the wall
I did it. I did it plus the sooner like the faster you fall asleep that gives them
Like an early chance to eat the hair off the yeah off the floor
Like they don't even have to wait for you to leave like they can have a little sample of it right here
They can taste the hair
Early to see how much they want to cut off exactly
Well, you got to figure out if it's ripe or not
You know what I mean? Because some of the hair still needs time on the vine
Um, they might they might finish the shampooing and be like, hey, I actually usually don't do it this order
But I am going to cut some more of that of your yummy locks off. I mean
Your long your gross long hair
That's a good question. Do you think it's is it better to eat the hair before the shampoo when it has all of its natural
oils and vitamins
Or after the shampoo when you can maybe flavor it and you know do some infusion asking me but like
I it depends on are we working with
You know on natural herbal essences shit that is going to make it taste like delicious, you know
Cucumber melon or are we talking about some pantene pro v that's going to taste like i'm eating up a lab
Chemicals I have noticed that a lot of times when I get shampooed there's like a mint
Quality to the the shampoo and now i'm thinking that maybe my hair was dessert
Oh, that's possible
um, okay, so
That's I mean we've talked a lot about eating here
Do we want to do another question or has somebody in fast food done something silly just
What?
Oh, I want to munch oh boy
I want to munch
I don't I don't like you can do it. Can you please do the same? Oh squad
Thank you, you had to complete the ritual
Only by you saying squalled am I able to take control of your brother's body and send him temporarily to hell
I didn't know that that was complicated. Yeah, then you weren't paying attention. Yes griffin before I begin
It's me count donut
I wanted to quickly review my wikipedia page. Okay. Wait, what?
Well, not wikipedia. It's the fandom.com wiki for my brother my brother and me
Uh, I wanted to sort of reestablish countenance for myself
Uh, I was reading through the page just a quick reminder for everyone
My name is count donut. I also go by donut dracula. Kevin
Donut chula and count party baker. Yeah, that's true
I'm immune to all earthly pathogens, but still wear a mask. I have internal blood syndrome
I live in a castle in donutvania, but consider myself a citizen of nowhere. This is all good
I glisten in sunlight
Glisten I and someone named richard stink both live inside justin and when we emerge justin is sent to hell
Until they stop controlling his body. I knew that now this is what I forgot about count donut has a son count rick donut jr
Oh, that's sweet
I approach donuts aesthetically and could eat them but prefer not to because of my gluten intolerance
Great. I do need to drink blood to survive. However, I only steal the blood types. Nobody wants like the
D. Great. So I just wanted to briefly thank whoever updates my
Wiki page because I I don't need the reminder about my own life, of course. Yeah
But other people it helps me approximately. Yeah
But no more
self-congratulatory
Nonsense, i've come to talk to you about donuts with my favorite
name to intone
Crispy
What do they do this time? They released the lineup of honey inspired
honey inspired
I thought you said uneaten spider donuts
Oh
To be a treat now
My first question before I begin is what is honey? Oh, honey is like bee leavings
Well, yeah
No, I mean it's like bee milk
G
It's is it the
Yeah, that's a better way of thinking. Yeah, that's a good travis. Just go with it. Yeah, that's about it
Yeah, there you go. Yeah, that's what they call it. That's my favorite joke. Have you seen the jerry seinfeld movie?
I come to watch movies what?
Like getting carsick just sitting in place and watching a movie in a movie theater you get carsick watching a movie
Are you doing like the xd?
Movie theater, where are you watching movies? Wait?
The only movies i've seen are in the back of justin's buick his big beautiful buick
right, he sometimes shows episode of loud house back there is that uh,
Movie sometimes justin just sound clear
Count on it
Sometimes justin puts on an episode of loud house and then goes back in the back of his own buick to watch it
While you are behind his back while he drives. How does that work? You're in his body
not all the time
It gets cramped, especially after he eats a lot of long john silvers
I can't stay you don't have to be in his body
You choose to go in his body and send him to hell the beats walking baby. It's a cool body
honey's beaches moving on
One crispy cream will have taste buds buzzing. Okay, and fans swarming
This month with its first ever sweet
and sensational
Honey donuts. I don't like the idea of donut fans swarming. There's something about that. It's horrifying
crispy creams
Oh
honey collection
It's available for a limited time beginning may 9th
There's three different ones. Okay
A honey pull apart donut, which is glazed light and airy
Whenever someone advertises something being airy
Remember that that is air that you have bought
advertising ripping you off
You want thick and chewy?
Honey donut clusters drizzled with salted honey icing, huh?
A honey bee donut, which is an original glaze dipped in yellow icing and decorated with black butter cream
And then finished. Wait, is there honey in that one?
Just looks like a big okay. Oh, okay
And then a honey cake donut a glazed sour cream cake donut drizzled with honey icing and finished with an oat crisp
That sounds okay. Hell actually countdown. Can I just say crispy cream?
I'm gonna say I see through the thin veneer here two of these were ideas
Yes
Airy veneer two of these were ideas you had and you didn't want to just put out a two donut collection
So you said okay. Yeah, we'll do the pull apart one. Oh and this one. Oh, yeah, the sound cream with that
Oh, we need a third
Make one look like a bee like a fat bee
Um, he's adorable by the way, it looks nothing like a bee. It's amazing
I don't know why they've done this. What are they here? Look at this. Look at this donut. What are they trying to?
Oh count donut. This is a picture of justin bieber again
No, i've deleted that from slack. I don't want to go to jail
Uh, yeah, that's not a that's a circle with stripes and some circle with stripes and vanilla wafer wings
Uh anyway, where was I? Oh, yes, you love bees, right?
bee
Because crispy cream loves honey and the small but mighty workforce that produces it. This is bees
the honey lovers does and will come with
bee friendly wild flower and seed paper for fans to plant
while supplies last
thinking and feeding the bees
Yes, crispy cream will also plant flower gardens at select shops to create more bee friendly environments
Thank god that thank you
It is it does make you wonder though why
Crispy cream decided to leave their stores barren
Undecorated and it was only to delight the bees that they have festooned them in such a way. I also don't love
Of getting a chore with my donuts, you know, i'm not going to have an active day. I just bought 12 donuts
I'm staying at home. Oh
Hey count donut. Are you eating a dozen donuts by yourself?
I'm not eating donuts. I'm gluten intolerant. Thank you for listening our innovation. This is dave scanner
Our in innovation team has been hard to wait. Hold on. Let me do my dave scanner voice
Also skin innovation, please. Yeah
Our skin innovation team has been hard at work to create our first ever honey donut collection
And so have honey bees. It's like they've skin is right here with us
So help the honey bees by planting the flower seeds that we give you
When you buy these delicious donuts, i'm definitely not like infested with bees right now controlling my mind in a weird meet dave
kind of situation
How would precisely?
3700 bees giving control of skin bag from the inside
Throughout the oh honey collections availability and on world bee day on may 20th. I'm sure they appreciate this
Krispy kreme will also celebrate and thank organizations that advocate for and practice stewardship for
bees
Including the planet bee foundation. I've been to the planet bee
I've the planet bee where bees are from you haven't been there
Yes, that's what they come. This is gonna be so fucking whimsical. I'm so i'm ready
It's it's a it's not I got fuck. I got nothing. Yeah, I didn't think so
Pollinator education environmental stewardship is this gonna again?
No, this is clearly debra tomoza
This is debra. Okay
This is debra tamazuski founder of the planet bee foundation
They have virtual beehives, can you imagine
From working with corporations no, sorry
From working with corporations and companies like krispy kreme to students in schools. We're all responsible for the care of our environment
So that's what's going on with bees right now
Yeah, you can save them by eating donuts and then throwing paper on the ground
The solution was in front of us the entire time. Mm-hmm
Wow, i'm really hungry for donuts I really there's a krispy kreme 45 minutes from my house
That's not too far. That's great. I'm seriously considering it guys. Well justin
You can balance out your carbon footprint by driving an hour and a half a round trip to get those donuts by then planting
A few seeds for donuts that will make you stickier than james cromwell, which is
As if such a thing was possible, thank you so much for listening to our podcast
My brother my brother and me. It's this one and uh, seriously, thank you for your support during the drive
It really does uh mean a lot to us that y'all are still still hanging after what is it like 12 years?
Something along those lines. Oh my god, too long
If you ask me time to wrap it up. This is our last episode. What? Oh, man, you never stop. All right, uh, coming up
Hey coming up. Hey, hey time for mr. Promo to take that's true
We have a virtual adventure zone this friday may 20th at 9 p.m. Eastern time
Uh, it's listen
i'm gonna say that this is a uh game system that we've never played before and that we could really I think only play
In a virtual test. So I think y'all are really going to dig it. So check that out get those tickets bit.ly slash
McElroy tours, uh, while you're there, you can also grab all uh, all of the other shows we're doing
Uh in places like boston and at foxwoods casino
and uh
Salt lake city portland san diego washington detroit, cincinnati
Tickets for the virtual show are only ten dollars. So one more time big
Dot l y slash mcroy tours. It's this friday 9 p.m. Eastern time. So don't wait. Uh,
And let's see dad's book is out. Goldie's guide. Yeah, it's so good. It's so so good
Um, so, uh, make sure you go and order that at link tree. That's link
tr.ie slash goldie's guide
And go check out all of the the merch stuff. We got over there at mcroy merch
Um, you're gonna love it. It's great. You'll appreciate it some of it. You'll put on your body some of it
You'll put in your home
Some of it you'll hand over to friends weird energy. Okay mcroymerch.com. Go check it out
Um, thank you to montaigne for the use of our theme song. My life is better with you
Um, if you listen to it, it makes you
Taller and jump higher that is true and be better at sports
Okay, and the interface is great. Yeah, it's awesome. It's awesome
Better at sports. Okay, and the universe is true as well. If you don't listen to it, you'll yeah
I didn't listen to it yesterday and I lost the big game
So I feel like I feel like absolute shit because I let my fucking team down
Anyway, I bet i'm gonna end up doing james cromwell's voice at the end, huh?
Oh boy, I hadn't even thought about but that's a great idea girl. Thank you. Yes. Okay. Um, all right. Here we go
Do that famous line from babe
Yeah, i'll do the famous line from babe. I hope no one makes jokes about this
Sorry, can I just get it one more time? Hey and be loud on the sound effects at the beginning I think sure sure
I hope no one makes jokes about this
This classic
My name is justin. I'm travis mcelroy. I'm griffin mcelroy. This has been my brother my brother
Me kiss your dead square lips
Oh
It's better with you maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned audience supported
