The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
If you change your mind on the first in line, honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me.
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around.
If you got no place to go when you're feeling down.
If you're all alone when the pretty birds have flown, honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me.
If we're on the distance, even the band is watching me.
So don't masturbate, or we'll see it. We see everything.
We've always been watching you, from the time you were born to today.
And we'll watch you for like a week after you die.
I'm just gonna go ahead and stay out of this one.
Travis is staying out. This is a song about my brother, my brother and me.
It's syncopated so you know we worked a long time on it.
Justin, when are you going to auto tune that shit?
It's all been auto tuned. I did that in post.
I say that knowing Griffin edits the show and probably didn't put it into auto tune.
This is an advice show for the modern era.
My brother, my brother and me. I am your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy, and I'm not related to you.
He don't like labels.
I don't subscribe to labels or podcasts, but I do subscribe to Reader's Digest.
Label cubby holes in preschools, not people. That's what I say.
I actually couldn't exist without labels.
Triangular hole.
Whoa, this got deep.
I've got that memento disease.
Oh, you got memento.
Mementitis.
Do you mean that clean slate disease?
Yes.
You remember that?
Jerry Doody disease.
Holy shit, clean slate. Why did you remind me that existed?
Sorry.
Dear my brother, my brother and me, what do you do when your brother reminds you that clean slate existed?
You stop what you're doing, you rush out and you rent it from your local movie max.
Was it Dana Carvey?
Yes.
I really can't remember.
It was memento.
It basically is memento.
It's basically memento before memento is memento.
Hello, brothers, McElroy. I have one simple question.
What is my brother, my brother and me stance on night showering as morning showers?
I tend to have a terrible morning hair and I use a shower as a double whammy of cleanliness and manageable locks.
Where do you stand?
I am totally right there with you.
So this question is saying you take a shower at night and that counts as your morning shower when you wake up.
So you don't have to shower before you go to work or school or whatever.
There's nothing – why would you give up on that most energizing part of your day?
Like nothing gets me ready to say like, yes, let's do this like a morning shower.
If I have one of those at night, my body is like, what are we doing?
This is awesome.
Let's do something.
This is going to be great.
It's like, no, buddy, go to bed, you dumb bitch.
I tricked you again.
First that's a trim and now this.
You dumb motherfucker.
You'll fall for anything.
I tend to shower – this sounds like a joke but in the summer like three times a day.
Yeah, I've never seen anything like that.
Once in the morning because I get that funky bed head too and I'll just like hop in and rinse and then go on about my day.
Travis gets a hairstyle that you'd pay hundreds if not thousands of dollars for in Hollywood.
Well, I have that amazing hair that people only dream about so there's that.
But when you dream about it, it looks terrible the next day so you got to have another shower in the morning.
And then what do you just treat yourself to a midday?
I don't know.
What are you doing with your day?
You're like, you don't be better than this standing underwater.
Yeah, and I take one when I get home from work because I work hard building stuff.
And then I take one before I go to bed so that I'm not all dirty when I get on my nice white sheets.
Hey, what are you doing in those four hours?
Between the second shower and third shower?
Between second and third shower, Bilbo.
Well, that's me time.
Travis lives a lifestyle that a lot of us aren't, we just can't wrap our minds around.
Let's just say handmade jelly braces aren't going to hand make themselves, okay?
Where do you think all these lanyards come from?
If you only, if you can only have one though, night shower or morning shower.
It's got to be morning shower.
I think it's got to be morning shower.
If only because bed bugs are really big right now.
Everyone's got them.
The latest thing.
Everyone's got those bed bugs.
You know who I heard had them?
You got to use them in the morning.
You got to use a shower and eradicate them from your body.
Don't even go to Hollywood if you don't have a Twitter account with at least a thousand followers and bed bugs.
This is just that style today.
That's where we're at as a nation.
Have you ever seen a bed bug?
Yeah.
I've seen Joaquin Phoenix.
He's a bed bug.
He's a bed bug.
He's a hyper evolved bed bug.
Hey guys.
Hey guys.
So when I got married, I discovered that my in-laws asked their children and children-in-law for Christmas wish lists.
Every time I fill it out and mail it in, I feel like a kidnapper handing over a list of demands.
I mean, it's nice to get DVDs and board games I know I like, but the spontaneity is completely lost.
Am I right for feeling awkward or am I just being ungrateful?
Thanks, fellas.
You really know how to rock and roll.
Lehman, Gmail.
Thanks, Lehman.
I've been in this exact same situation.
That is how my in-law family rolls.
And what I've done for the past few years is that I've just asked for a bunch of different styles and sizes of my brother, my brother and me t-shirts.
And I feel like it's a gift that's not only fun to get, but also to give.
And it makes me feel better about it.
I feel like since we're on the subject, let's have a brief aside just for a moment.
You got your t-shirt.
I did.
You may be the first human.
I may be the first human to have my t-shirt.
Can you describe it?
Describe the whole experience of it, really.
I opened it and it smelled like a t-shirt.
And then I put it on.
How does it feel?
It was a comical line of girls out my front door, just one after the other, just like, please, anything.
Can I smell your chest?
Can I smell your chest?
New from Max Body Spray t-shirts.
Would you describe it as soft or rough and confident?
No, it's soft.
It's soft and it's got a nice little stretch to it.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, so it's really comfortable.
My wife got one, too, and since she got it, I had to change my full-time career to full-smashing,
because I just got to smash so many fools who come up and they're like, hey, lady, nice taste in t-shirt.
Actually, this is true.
She worked to get her hair did, and when she got back, I said, did you tell her about your t-shirt?
Did you explain it to her?
Did you tell her about the show?
What's the point of you going out in public with it if you're not going to do that?
But those are coming now.
They should be arriving this week.
And soon to follow are ask me about my t-shirt bumper stickers.
Ask me about the t-shirt I'm wearing.
Unless it's those 29 days of the month that I'm not wearing my brother and me t-shirt.
I have good news.
Tell me.
No, I'm saying that's what I'm saying when asked about the t-shirt.
So those are going right now.
You can still totally get them.
We have all sizes and shapes and colors at mbnbam.com.
But so Lehman to answer your question, but Lehman.
Here's the thing.
You're there in law, dude.
They don't know you.
They don't know what exactly.
You got to get people who do lists.
From what I found are people who like to keep the balance of like how much they're spending on people.
So like you have to accept the fact that they're going to spend X amount of dollars on you anyway.
And it will make them happy to get you things that you will like.
So like you're you're you're meeting them halfway on this because think about when you're trying to buy a gift for somebody you don't know very well.
It is the worst.
You're like, well, they like this.
Will this be too personal?
You're basically just saving them a lot of trouble.
And I have friends and I have friends to this day that for like Christmas and birthdays, all they get is like a big stack of gift cards.
That's like I would much rather give someone a list and actually get things in boxes and paper than just a big stack of gift cards.
Because that's like saying, hey, you do the shopping.
Hey, go go nuts.
And really, what's what is more awkward, you turning in a list of demands of things that they will get you that, you know, you will like or them buying you like a build your own brick pizza oven kit because they saw you eating pizza one time.
And then you have to like it and then build it in your backyard.
Put on the list. You've already given me the greatest gift, which is your daughter.
But if you insist on getting me something else and then just do that every year, you'll never feel bad about it.
And and always put on there just over and over again.
The Ewok playset. If you don't give me this, I'll hate you forever.
Thanks for the daughter and everything. But I would really like that.
But seriously, indoor playset, that would take her place as the greatest gift.
Hi, my name is God.
That play several times and shit.
I have a net. I have a life conundrum, says Ben.
I'm going into high school and I like a girl a lot.
I know that homecoming is going to be coming up.
So I want to ask her, this is an issue of not of her not liking me having good looks or me not having the balls to do it.
I just want to be creative when I ask her.
Sadly, my creative juices haven't been flowing and I need an idea.
Got any?
Don't do it at school.
I feel like because you run a high school such a tightrope of cultural acceptance that I think you run the risk of embarrassing her.
If you do anything outlandish at school.
That's my stance.
Maybe he only sees her at school.
Put a dead horse head in her locker.
See, I like that.
The trick is kids lockers today, they're so small.
So it's really just going to have to be a pony head.
So put a pony head in there.
Which may be upsetting for her.
Yeah, or OK, gain access to all the lockers around her and install all the parts of a pony into the locker so that when they're all open together, it's a pony that says, will you go to homecoming with me?
But also it's dead.
But also it's dead.
Like it's dead as fuck.
Nobody's ever been dead in this way.
It's like it's like quadricected in the several, several parts.
Octosected.
Have you ever thought about a large quartet?
You considered a large quartet.
I say.
Yeah, I guess it's so hard.
High school was so long ago.
I feel like that was one hundred and fifty thousand years ago for me.
You know, I asked hijack a pep rally.
Oh, wow.
I like this.
Turn it on its ear from being about the success of the basketball team and instead turn into a romantic opportunity.
Say it would be a slam dunk if I could get to third base with you after the homecoming dance.
But first you have to go with me.
So let's get it started.
And then play the Black Eyed Peas song.
Let's get it started.
And then have a cheer routine.
A one man cheer routine worked out to it.
This sounds good.
Make her a mix CD.
Make her a mix CD of all Black Eyed Peas.
I've got a feeling homecoming is going to be a good night.
We're going to go to Applebee's.
Then we'll dance to rap music from three years ago.
Request stroke and they don't play it.
Greatest dance night ever.
There's a lot of music in this episode.
It's like a musical episode.
I think it's closest we're ever going to get.
Hey, I've got a Yahoo Answers question.
Please, do tell.
It comes to us from Robert Allen Cullen, which is a bad start.
That's not a good start, but keep going.
What would I have to do to become a wizard?
I would like to become either a vampire or a wizard and I haven't gotten anything too promising on becoming a vampire.
So I would like some information, some steps to take to become a wizard.
Well Robert, I'm glad you asked.
I have some pamphlets here that I think you might be interested in.
Not about wizard, but I run an anti-Harry Potter school that teaches kids that their magic is shameful.
Have you thought about the magic of our Lord and Savior?
Jesus Christ, he means.
Have you thought about that magic?
I think when a lot of people hear the word wizard, they think magic.
Or Star Wars episode one.
There are a lot of elements of the wizard lifestyle that I think you can adopt without knowing how to cast magic.
Step one, beard.
Beard up day one.
Beard?
Yeah.
Naked day two.
Naked day two because you're a wizard.
Save something.
A long robe?
Yeah, a long robe.
You need a familiar?
How are your sleeves?
By the way, everybody in class, your little brother doesn't count as your familiar.
Way to put the effort into it.
Not.
Not at all.
And don't spray paint your cat.
It seems like a good idea at first.
Just spend the extra money and get the black cat with all the extras.
It's worth it for the features.
Like that tail you can crank to cast spells.
You need to capture some villagers and lock them in your basement.
Oh, you're going like Evil Wiz.
No, no, no.
I mean, that's a natural.
Have you not read Harry Potter?
I think you might have been reading maybe like an offshoot series.
Did you check these out on Harry Potter.info slash fan stories?
I actually, I read Helter Skelter.
That's my bad.
That's on me.
That's on you.
So is the theory we're working on here that if you have all the trappings of wizardry and you do all the things that magic powers just come,
like you wake up one morning and your beard is just long enough and so you can do things?
Yeah.
Have you ever seen The Santa Clause?
Yes.
Clause spelled C-L-A-U-S-E as in like a legal clause.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
Whoa, this is already funny.
It's kind of.
Slow down.
I didn't make it past the title.
God, Tim Allen, you know, he knows exactly where my funny bone is.
Like surgical stride style.
And what I love is that really opens it up for sequels.
Mm hmm.
Mm hmm.
How old is too old to wear skinny jeans for fellows?
Jared asks.
Well, Jared, what age are you?
Because that age.
This is like asking when, you know, when a fetus is a fetus, when is it a baby?
Because the answer is at conception.
Now, if you got a fetus wearing skinny jeans, we are down with this.
That's the coolest maybe ever.
Yeah, but we've already come out in favor of babies wearing hipster jeans.
I feel like you skinny jeans.
I say screw it, man.
If that look works for you, just go for it.
I was about to say 30, but like I'm almost 30 and I wear skinny jeans on the reg.
It's all about what signal you want to send out, Jared.
If you want to send out the signal that you're like, someone's not wearing those for comfort.
They're wearing those because they want to make an impression on people.
And you're saying, hey, I'm putting the effort into it.
What's up?
I want my fanny meat to look like some grade A material.
I want it.
And I want it out there on display.
I'm not ashamed to wear pants that lift and separate.
Yeah.
I want to advertise as much as Scott Pilgrim has been advertised.
I want it out there like SP.
Hey, hey, come get this butt.
Hey, did you see now?
I think you're crossing into a different signal that you might not want to be sending.
Hey, you want some butt?
I've got some for you.
This butt is yours.
Just kidding.
It's mine.
I keep it in these skinny jeans.
You want a slice?
This butt's for you.
Do you like some butt?
Who going to carve up this butt?
Who's going to carve up this butt for once?
Several of my friends still dream big, says Jeff from Gmail.
And I have ideas for greater things.
And have ideas for greater things.
One always has movie ideas.
Another has ideas for opening a cafe.
I don't think that's an idea.
And that's not even a particularly clever one.
But anyway, moving on.
Me?
I don't recall having a good idea in years.
Years.
What could I do to get them think meet sparks firing, says Jeff from Gmail.
Jeff, the world can't be full of leaders.
There's got to be someone who shows up on day one with a hammer and says, point me in
the right direction of your dream.
Let me help you build it for an equitable share of the profits.
Jeff, let me take that one step further.
Every hero needs his arch nemesis.
So hang out with these friends and every time they have an idea, you shoot it down.
You poke holes in every single thing they say.
They need a naysayer.
Right?
So they can rub it in their face and be like, take that, Jeff.
The thing is, one has movie ideas.
The other one wants to open a cafe.
I guarantee you those are both terrible ideas, whatever they are.
And I guarantee you they will never, ever do those things, Jeff.
You need to come up with like, like good practical ideas that you will actually use in your daily
life, like small victories.
Like I'm going to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich with waffles for bread.
Like, awesome idea, Jeff.
Go do that.
Yeah.
And then you got to you got like you only need one good idea.
Take Richie Napster.
He came with the idea of like, fuck paying for music.
Fuck it.
And look where he is today.
I don't know where Richie Napster is today, but I mean, I'm sure he's got a lot of money.
What about what about Google Jones?
Google Jones is another great example.
Just invent searching for shit.
That guy had one good idea.
I want to find some things on the web.
It's just a it's like a big stack of papers before that, just like piled on somebody's desk.
And Google Jones is like, I need to find one of these papers.
And three people had a heart attack just hearing his idea.
Like, of course, of course, G.J.
What did we think of this before?
And they helped him build it.
They helped him build a service, which actually is called Surcho.
And someone was like, wait a minute.
Your first name is Googs.
Googs.
Googs, use your name.
Let's call it Jones.
Build on their ideas.
If one has a movie about two buddy cops and they're like both hard nosed and but they're both former presidents.
Call it founding fighters.
Like just come up with something something really dope that that that builds on their idea and just steal their idea.
Yeah, I just steal it.
That's a great idea.
Well, it's not so much open up a movie cafe.
It's not so much stealing as much as it is like when you when you play Price is Right and you bet one dollar over what the person before you bet.
So if they do a movie about two buddy cops, you do one about three buddy cops.
That would be actually a really great movie.
Or just the one cops in the back seat of the time going, can we get like a burger or something?
I'm really hungry.
Maybe when you're maybe when like they tell them your ideas, combine them and then shoot them down together.
I'm going to make a movie about how your cafe is going to close.
It will do very poorly in the box office.
Just like another movie I know about yours.
Laura from Gmail had a had a story about her boyfriend arguing about condoms and whose job it is.
And she basically asked, we've we've experienced the wide world of hookups and dating.
Whose job is it to provide the condoms?
Laura, that's awfully presumptive of you.
Griffin has taken a pledge to be chased until he he dates someone.
TLW, ladies.
TLW, true love waits.
Yeah, the guys.
See, I went a step further.
OK, I had a condom surgically attached to my penis.
Oh, God, God.
I just sometimes I just try to make Griffin sad.
I yucked in my coffee cup.
How does that?
So you can use it once?
No, that's the problem.
He just keeps using it.
If it actually gets punctured, it's considered a biological weapon.
What is in there?
What did you do?
You killed 30 people.
Why are you standing with your pants around your ankle and a gas mask on?
What are you doing?
I'm the new outbreak monkey.
I'm patient zero.
My wiener is patient zero.
Are you wearing a fanny pack underneath your pants?
Are you wearing a fanny pack?
Oh, I wish.
Oh, Jesus.
I wish I'd put the forethought into this.
For a surgically attached condom.
That's why it was an outpatient surgery.
Now, here's my question, Travis.
Did Blue Shield cover that?
Part of it.
Yeah.
It took a lot of paperwork.
Yeah, I would imagine.
I had to convince him it wasn't elective.
He got jealous of NuvaRings.
He wanted a similar masculine alternative.
Yeah.
Just everyone should carry them.
They give them to middle schoolers.
Just everyone provide them.
I'm confused.
Doesn't everyone just have a box of six condoms that they had so long that they don't remember where they came from?
Yeah.
Doesn't everybody just have that?
I keep mine in an Altoids tin that has the words Jimmy Hats crudely scrawled upon it in Sharpies.
I got it in the fifth grade.
A very sexually active ten-year-old.
That's not true, Dad.
Hey, Laura.
Here's your answer.
Whose job is it?
Everyone's.
Be safe, kids.
Johnny B says, I thought you'd enjoy this tale.
I was in Southwest PA a few weeks ago for my fiancee's family reunion.
And while en route to said reunion, I passed a sign for a road called Jessup Street.
The completely mind-blowing thing was that some NBNB AM fan had put a hand-made sticker of the word Mega in front of Jessup.
Had I been driving, I would have pulled over for a snapshot.
And sadly, we took a different way home.
Hope you guys are doing great.
Johnny B.
Johnny B.
I'm not sure that's true.
That's totally true.
I've always said our shit is poppin' in Southwest PA.
Yeah.
Southwest PA is probably like the epicenter.
I heard they're having an NBNB AM convention in Southwest PA.
It's called NBNB, N-B-P-A-M.
There's a lot of weird letters in there.
Yeah.
Unfortunately, we weren't invited.
No.
Because they know we would have said no.
We have too many enemies.
And they want to avoid that embarrassment.
Too many enemies in the Southwest PA area.
God knows that's true.
That's like what, Pittsburgh?
Is it?
I think so.
That's gross.
If you're listening in Pittsburgh, I don't really think Pittsburgh is gross.
If you're not listening in Pittsburgh, I totally do.
Fuck that, CD.
Yeah.
And if you drive into Pittsburgh later, we don't think it's gross.
I don't want you to think you're wrong about things.
Because we're pretty much always right.
FormSpring.
I've known my best friend for eight years, but we never seem to talk about our feelings.
We're both guys, so I guess that's normal.
But I don't think we've ever hugged.
Not even once.
Oh, man.
In tough times, we'd always use texts.
What?
What's the best way for us to open up?
FormSpring.
I'm confused.
You're having a rough day.
And you're like, argh.
And then you text him, even though he's sitting right next to you.
Hey, Brad.
I'm too embarrassed to say this with my mouth.
But you hurt my feelings.
Now, first of all, let's get past that we're guys, so it's normal.
That ain't normal.
Guys, open up.
Don't give in to the stereotype.
Love each other, man.
What are you worried about?
I think everyone's allowed to have one.
Maybe not.
Allowed isn't the right word.
Very organically, everyone develops one male friend that they can talk to about the lonely
times.
Yeah.
Yeah.
When they come.
What are you worried about?
That is my question.
Like, if you're worried that people are going to think you're undercover gay, like, nothing
screams undercover gay more than, I won't touch another man.
That's like, wow.
Self-hating.
Jeff, there's a great idea for a movie, by the way.
Yeah, Jeff.
You what?
Undercover gay.
The sequel to Undercover Brother.
I haven't talked about my feelings in close to 12 years, so I'm probably not the best
person to feel this way.
Just bottle it up.
Bottle it up.
Okay, here's my answer.
Just at a really random time, just hug him.
Just grab him and hug him and whisper in his ear, don't let this be weird.
Perhaps at a ball game.
Yeah.
I like that.
Or maybe you're sitting front row watching Chris Kattan in Undercover Gay, and you just
hug him and think, I love you.
Thanks for getting me out of the house, Brad.
Come get this.
Hug.
Come get what I made.
Come in here.
Come in here.
Hey, Brad, how do these skinny jeans look?
Give me a hug.
I got you this hug.
Now carve this butt.
Carve my butt, Brad.
Carve it.
If you didn't-
Not in a gay way, though.
Not in a gay way.
Just carve my butt like in a straight, just bros way.
If you didn't answer my question on the show, will you respond eventually, says FormSpring.
Oh, boy.
Hey, folks, you can still put your name on the FormSpring question, okay?
Here's my suggestion.
Send it again.
Whoa.
Yeah.
You're putting yourself up to a lot of work, isn't it?
I'm a man who lives in the now, Justin.
Yeah, lives today.
I don't worry about what happened yesterday or even three seconds ago.
What?
I have that memento disease.
I have mementitis.
Yeah, if it's still pressing, if you really need help, send it again.
We'll see what we can do.
But otherwise, probably not.
Probably not.
We get a lot every week.
We do.
I was thinking that we could- We read them all.
We do read them all.
We promise that.
But I was thinking that what we could do is find one blanket answer that we can apply
to just large swaths of questions that are similar.
Maybe not one blanket answer, but a handful of blanket answers to some of our most commonly
asked questions.
Okay.
Well, I call through a lot of the questions, so you want me to give you guys the questions
and you give me the answer?
I don't even think we need the questions.
I think we can just say the answers and the people who ask the questions will know.
I've got one.
Just kiss her, dummy.
Yeah, just kiss her, dummy.
Yeah.
Wow, that takes care of a lot of it, doesn't it?
Just quit already.
Oh, that's a good one.
They're not really your friend.
That's a big one.
Horse radish.
Oh, yeah.
Just go to the doctor.
It's not supposed to look like that.
Those two are often conjoined.
Shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots.
That covers everything, right?
Yeah, that's just about it.
I have one more, stop talking about masturbation, you freak.
You're freaking everybody out, weirdo.
We asked, we asked so nicely, don't be creepy anymore, and the next, the fucking next week
it was like, hey, I made a poop and masturbated it.
Both rules.
Hey, I masturbated my poop.
Is that cool?
I made a poop and I masturbated on my poop and then I looked at it.
Here's a picture.
Deal with it, homes.
I seem to have a lot of trouble making and maintaining eye contact with other people
during conversations.
Any advice?
Oh my God, I do the same thing.
Yeah, me too.
I don't have advice.
No, here's what, I need your advice.
I've cultivated like this, I look off of their shoulders and try to look really thoughtful
and pensive so they're thinking, oh, he's having big ideas, but really I'm bored.
I make up for it though.
Hey Travis, hey Travis, that's somebody who's known you for your entire life.
We're onto you.
I make up, I make up for my lack of eye contact by keeping a constant physical contact with
everyone I ever talk to.
Either just have a hand on the cheek, just a hand on the cheek, just constantly brushing
hair away from their eyes and behind their ears or, or holding their hands or giving
them like a light massage.
Here's what you need to do, just unwavering eye contact, intense, burning.
You're testing yourself, remember?
And if they try to look away, you start screaming, don't look away, don't look away.
It's like a firm handshake staring somebody down and it's important that you establish
that dominance, I think.
Yeah.
I need help learning how to cook, says Thomas from Gmail.
The only thing I know how to cook is the, that's what it sounds like when I say quotations.
It's microwavable foods and tasty sandwiches, but it's good.
I have mastered both of these cooking techniques, but I need to know how to cook actual meals.
I'm getting to the point where I'll move out and live on my own soon.
Are there any recipes or websites you can recommend to me?
Thank you for the help, says Thomas from Gmail.
Before we get into funny things, I have a real answer that started my cooking journey.
There's a series of books called A Man, A Can and a Plan, A Man, A Can and a Microwave
and A Man, A Can and a Grill.
Find these books.
They're all like six ingredient recipes that take about 15 minutes.
They are delicious and they are impressive.
Go buy these books.
And they will give you diabetes.
And they will, they will give you the diabetes.
You know, it really is about, is about just trying it.
I mean, what you can do is watch, you watch Food Network and just pick something that
looks fairly easy and just, just try it.
And if, if you are a novice, Good Eats spells it out very plainly.
It's very scientific.
Yeah, Good Eats.
And Alton Brown writes some good books.
You can check those out.
Otherwise I will say pasta, pasta is easy to make.
So, so easy.
You make like noodles and you buy some sauce, comes pre-pro and then you, you dump the sauce
on the noodles.
Maybe some, some vegetables that you can steam in like a bag and a microwave.
See you're using the skills you already possess.
Also, you know who, you know what's great?
Search on YouTube for starving with Lewis.
That's a friend of mine who does, he does sort of like college cooking, but it's sort
of like that, like evolving from ramen and stuff to, to, to not ramen.
And he's got suicide girls in there sometimes.
So it's good stuff.
For the fellas.
If you want anything else, pick out an ingredient that you're interested in.
Like I bought this eggplant and then go online and search eggplant recipes.
But make sure whenever you, whenever you announce that ingredient, you do it like the guy from
Iron Chef.
Especially if you're alone in your kitchen, that will make, that will make the learning
times horse or standing in the middle of the supermarket.
Just go down the road and take a bite out of it.
I want to hear Griffin's last question, it's always a doozy, but a few housekeeping things.
You can, if you want to ask a question, you can log on to nbmbam.com.
We have all the methods there.
We we're going to get a new site soon, hopefully we're working on that right now for you.
If you have any requests, you could of course email them to nbmbam at gmail.com.
There are still plenty of t-shirts if you'd like to purchase those.
The logo t-shirt we'll probably keep making some version of.
The Jeffrey t-shirt, not so much.
Limited-ish.
Limited-ish.
So, if you want one, get it.
Is there anything else?
Thanks, thank you.
Oh my god, thank you so much.
We're nearing up on 200,000.
Last week was our biggest download day by like a thousand.
I don't know what happened.
You guys are nuts.
But you guys killed it.
You guys knocked it out of the water.
And we really appreciate everybody dropping quotes and just promoting the show, helping
out.
Twitter user MyBeautifulLiar helped spread the word this week.
Tony Lemon, he's out there doing God's work, telling people about NB&B AM.
We appreciate it.
Seriously, you guys have no idea.
I would like to thank my friend Alex Goodrich, sent me a question from WikiLinks, Wiki, excuse
me, WikiAnswers that I think is going to be a whole new venue that we can travel down.
So I wanted to say thank you for that.
Oh boy.
Can't wait for that.
Uh oh.
Uh oh.
And if you get a second, if you wouldn't mind subscribing on iTunes if you haven't already
done that and leaving a rating or a review on iTunes, because when you do that, it helps
us move up the iTunes rankings, which helps even more people find our show.
Just if you get a second.
I know you're busy, but.
And tell everybody to download it on Monday.
And when we do that, we go up.
That's good.
Because that's the only way we're going to get huge.
And start contacting your local NPR station and asking them why they don't carry our
show up on that shit.
Yeah.
And ask your local county commission why they don't have an official My Brother My Brother
Me day while you're at it.
Just think about it.
Griffin.
Gracious.
This, uh, this Yahoo answers question.
It was sent in by fan of the show Declan, which is just really, really cool.
Oh, oh wait.
Before you read it, I got a letter from Tristan.
He's doing great, but it sounds terrible what he's doing.
It sounds really hard, but I guess boot camp really tough boot camp really tough, but Tristan's
doing well for people.
You can write him.
I think his address is in the Facebook group anyway.
All right.
Good.
Sorry.
Thank you, Tristan.
Thank you, Tristan, for your service.
Freedom.
Thank you.
And thank you, Declan, for your service of sending in this question.
This one is from Yahoo answers user Chris.
Who asks, how do I get help with the legalization of zoo file marriage?
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
And this has been my brother, my brother and me kiss your dad, where on the lips you will
never know me.
Hey, everybody, sorry we forgot to mention it during the show, but Jay Phonic has a new
jam, untitled, I think, but it's it's so fresh and and we have to put it in the show.
So as a reward for sticking around a little post credits bonus.
I got a question.
How do you feel about man sized jaws?
I'm the kind of boy that you don't have to push it very hard.
Just pull out your telephone and put away your signal flags and I'll be there.
Taste with my little bag.
Baby girl, you wanna get down with my mega Jess up.
Turn around, get on your knees and baby pull that dress up.
I'm like Tristan, sweeping through for mankind.
I love this lesbian.
I'll kill them and shut down in no time.
My rhymes are tight cause I'm infused with soul power.
I'm like Jerry Matthews, man, playing all of them on the watchtower.
And when I rock, I'm like, you know, I'm anything but simple.
And girl, get your hands up on my wallet.
If you don't like it, don't be shy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
Baby girl, you wanna get down with my mega Jess up.
Turn around, get on your knees and baby pull that dress up.
