The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the modern era. A historic
week indeed. We now live in a nation where our president, Barack Hussein Obama, has declared
everyone is gay. Yep. What's so funny, Travis? No, I'm just, I was so excited. That was the
laughter of excitement. It's a major sea change. His announcement was so monumental. I just like,
I turned, I turned to all my friends and I said, today we, we are all gay. And then we just like
started scooping it. Yeah. Bottoms up, if you know what I mean. I said, today's the day we celebrate
our independence, gay. It was so strange because I was in a room with a bunch of guys
and what was previously a comfortable gathering of bros hoisting and watching the news together,
there was suddenly like so many layers of sexual tension, you know? You just put all the dicks in
the middle, made a dick octopus. You were in a news bar? I was in a news bar. No. Travis, I was
having my, my Thursday afternoon, just news hoist, just a bunch of bros hoisting a few brews and
watching the news. Brews and news, I call it. Brews and news. Yeah. Brews and news, I call it.
You do it after legs and eggs at the landing strip.
Uh, so welcome to the first episode of My Brother, My Brother, Me that is completely
a hundred percent, uh, uh, gay. I'm your oldest and by extension gayest brother,
Justin McElroy. Is that how that works? I'm the middle-est and gayest brother.
I'm Griffin McElroy. I'm your youngest brother and, um, it's Adam and Eve, you guys. Yeah.
Whoa. I didn't get, I didn't get hit. You're a federal outlaw now. I'm in the middle of Texas.
The wave didn't reach me here. The sonar pulse that he sent out.
It sounded, it sounded, it sounded exactly like a DeBarge record, which I thought was very strange.
You just feel to the beat of the rhythm of the night, just pulsing throughout the entire country
and it just flipped. I thought I heard, I had my windows down, but again, I'm so far away.
I thought I heard all things just keep getting better by a wildlife. Like I thought I heard
wildlife. I thought I heard the wildlife wave crash against Austin shores, but
didn't make it through Hill country. Yeah. Too much obstruction. Uh, yeah. Griffin. Yeah.
It didn't get all the way. The only effects there is Griffin is dressing really well now.
That's the only thing. Oh, I look great. He looks fantastic. You're fit. Uh, tan looks,
looks great. Uh, just prefers ladies still. Uh, so why don't you guys go over to,
why don't you guys go listen to throwing shade? They're going to, they're probably going to have
a lot more informed opinion. They're probably going to sound a lot more informed, probably
going to sound a lot less stupid when they talk about this thing. Congratulations. Congratulations.
Just everyone. Yeah. Except for, except for people who hate, uh, homosexuals and anybody
sort of anti LGBT. Um, in which case go fuck off. Yeah. You suck. Yeah. And I say that now
deep down or the conviction of a man living a gay life and I, I'm, and I, I now hate those people.
I don't think you know what, I don't think, you know, a gay means cause I don't like you're
married to a woman. Yeah. I'm pretty sure that you, that you, that presumably you love it's a
federal law. Griffin. I'm not, I'm not going to throw it in the face of the authorities and say
that I'm straight president. Doesn't just like come out and say stuff like this on a whim.
Right. That's true. He did polling research. He signed things. Things were signed. Yeah. Yeah.
There's, there's significant policy coming, but nope. There's, but there's, oh, there's not.
Nevermind. Next, next question. First question. The president did polling research that I wanted
to research polls. He knows, he knows what's up. He called up, he called up Joey Lucas. He's like,
Hey, how do we feel about gays today? We cool. Am I good? Joey, are you there? Hello?
Oh, you're fictional. Fuck. Unpredictably the president, the president's gay polarity beam
actually gave her her hearing back. So yeah, it's a big day for her. Hey, that was the first episode
of season eight. God damn it. God damn it. Obama winter little lies. Okay. In a relationship,
my husband is very loosey goosey when it comes to adhering to best before dates and hates wasting
food. Sometimes when he's at work, I throw things away and tell him I ate it. Am I wrong?
Um, before we, before we address the bigger question here, your husband is right and you
are wrong. Best before dates are there for a reason. They wouldn't put that date on there.
If there wasn't something bad that happened after that date, you shouldn't keep it in the house.
No, no. Then, then she's right. Then you are right. And your husband is wrong. Yeah. Yeah.
That's that's no, no. I sometimes just to be safe, I'll go like three days before.
No way. It's not an exact science. There's no way they can pinpoint that day. If so,
they're precogs. That's a bigger problem. Your systems, your system needs that bad stuff,
trying to hurt it or else it's going to get like, it's like attachment parenting right now. What
you guys are doing is attachment parenting for your immune systems. Justin, why would they put
a best before date if it wasn't bad after that day? I'm sorry, Travis. Are you going to let,
they want you to go to the store and buy new stuff. Are you going to let big dairy tell you
when you can eat something or are you just going to eat it? You know, yes I am. In this circumstance,
big dairy, you're in control, big buddy. Your body knows when something is bad. If there's a
bubble in your tomato sauce. Yes, and you know what's important to my body? My eyes and my brain
that look at the best before date and my brain goes, you got it, bro. I have a carton of buttermilk
that I bought solely to make biscuits about a month ago and it is best before day is May 1st.
I'm pretty sure if I crack that bad boy open, it's going to be dumplings. I'm afraid to look in it.
It made biscuits itself. No, that's right. I don't know. Like I'm afraid to touch
stuff once it's past the date, let alone consume it with my mouth. So, so a panel of three experts,
two against one. Travis and I win. Fair enough. The second issue though, is that how do you want
your husband to look at you when he comes home from work and you're like, Hey, um, you remember
that like totally gnar hummus. Hey hon, I ate all the ranch. You're like, I'm not sure if I should
eat the hummus cause it looks kind of gnar. It's got a face now. Like, yeah, I totally consumed it.
I don't even know how you bring it up in conversation. Hey hon, how was your day?
Oh, mine was pretty good. Just you grubbing on a bunch of rotten food.
I just ate like a tub of sour cream that did not begin a sour cream. Yeah, just grubbing on rotten
food like that makes you so proud. This is what I picture him coming home and going to throw
something away and opening the trashcan and it's just full of like salad dressing containers,
you know? And he's like, honey, what, what is the meaning of this? Yeah. Just slamming some Caesar.
Don't worry about it. I saw the thousand island and I just couldn't stop myself. I'm a growing lady.
I gotta, you know, your husband loves you. He shouldn't want you to eat rotten food.
Well, that's how you got to pitch it to him, right? So, so that he doesn't get upset. You
got to say, listen, I knew you were going to eat that totally gnar hummus with a face. Like,
I knew that when you got home from work, you were going to take your coat off. You're going to say,
hi honey, and smooch me on the cheek. And then you were going to go dip into that gnar hummus
and I didn't want you to hurt yourself. So I jumped on that grenade for you.
I think that's the answer to the question of when are little lies okay for their own protection?
But then he's going to start thinking you're some sort of fucking superhero because you're like,
baby, that, that hummus had hair. Like, you ate it and you're totally fine. He's going to think
you're, you're a fucking Rasputin or something. What if you guys are ever locked in a prison
of rotten food? He's going to be like, well, no worries. That's your manna. You love that.
I know that's your jam is the rotten food and rotten man. Otherwise you've just been lying to
me all these years and I can't believe that because you love me so much. Don't lie to him.
Go straight to his face and say, uh, Hey Doug, if you cared so much about wasting food,
then you should have eaten that hummus before it got so rowdy. Like you, you owe it to me to not
have rotten food in our house. Just eat it all next time before the date. Just don't lie to him.
This is, this is one Oh one. You're trying to save him from eating rotten food. If you feel like this
is a moment for education, not deception, educate. If he's a grown ass man, he's had plenty of time
to break this habit and he hasn't, but some dudes are big dumb animals when it comes to this kind
of stuff. And it sounds like your, your husband is one of those kinds of people and that's fine.
Maybe you just got to let him get like really, really raunchy Ria. Let him like eat all the
totally rowdy hummus. Let him eat that meatloaf that you guys made six months ago. Let him eat
that wheel of cheese that it looks like the fucking Necronomicon. Like let him eat all of
that shit. And then when he gets totally blasted down there, when he almost dies from it and
claws his way back from the edge of death, just look at him and say, hmm, looks like we've learned
a little something here. Leave the lid off the trash can. And when he gets home to say, okay,
Doug, I put rotten food in our trash. If you love it so much, then you go over there and you eat
that trash food. You pull it out of the trash and you eat it. Pull it out of the trash like an animal
and you eat it. Get over there, raccoon Doug. Go to town. Otherwise go to Kroger and buy some new
hummus. Fuck. Here's two dollars. Go buy some fucking hummus, Doug. Two dollars. Now go replace
the eggs. I threw them away. They smelled like bacon. They were hatching. They were hatching.
And I don't want chicks in the house. Draw a line in the sand somewhere. Man,
the whole food thing was ruined for me by taking a food handling courses and watching like the
danger zone videos. Oh my God. Everything is the day. Unless your shit is like cryogenically vacuum
sealed. Yeah. It's, it's in the goddamn danger zone. It's like, if it's not above 120 or below
30 degrees, it's bad for you. It'll kill you. And it's at last that best by date is a pretty liberal.
Yeah. Your food, once you take it into the danger zone, you can't take it back out again. You,
you set off a timer and that time was like 15 minutes. And it was always like, oh,
the food didn't touch the counter. Did it? Oh no. Danger zone. Yeah. Cause, because chicken,
raw chicken touched that counter once 12 years ago. And that's like, it was a night like this.
Yeah. Over 12 years ago. So that counters done. Got to get new counters. I had an odd experience
with expiration dates this week. My lady, my wife was, was craving some chocolate. So I said, hold
on. I got a secret. I got a secret bag of Lindor truffles that I keep for just such an occasion.
So I go get the bag of Lindor truffles and she like pops one in and it starts eating it. And
then she gets his weird look on her face and she picks up the bag and examine it. Apparently the
best buy date was in 2010. Oh no. So they were a little, you know that weird, like when the chocolate
gets white and you're like, oh man, I don't know what this is all about. So we go and we throw the
whole bag out. Uh, today I see that some of them has gotten into the trash and scattered around
our trashcan is like 15 individual Lindor truffle wrappers. You're saying outside of your house,
not like Sydney snuck down and there was some raccoon sitting outside my house last night or
something. Oh, I shouldn't, but I will. Oh, it's going to go straight to my hips. I'll treat myself.
Oh, Michael, you ring tailed kook. You bastard. Those don't taste good. Trust me. I'm a human.
And I know, uh, Griffin, did we get a Yahoo's this week? We got several. I just want to just
luxuriate in this mental picture of a raccoon sitting sort of Cheshire cat style. This legs
cross like, Oh hello. They must be right. They're rappers. He probably does the thing where like,
he puts it in his teeth and holds one end and like pulls it out. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's
a definitely two raccoon operation. No, Bob, get over here. I need you to help me crack this.
It just became twice as adorable. They opened my trashcan lid and left it all around. And
when Sydney and I went out this morning, the first words out of my fucking stupid mouth were,
you think you think it's a bear? Yeah, it's a bear. It's a bear that takes the lid off
your trashcan and individually opens. Yeah. It's blue. You just have a neighbor who saw you carrying
the trash out and saw like the Lindor bag trash bag. And they're like, I'm getting on that. If
they go to bed, I'm going to tear it up and make it look like a raccoon. That looks like a pretty
full bag of troubles. Crime. The perfect crime. The thing I steal is going to give me rock and
rea. It's the perfect crime next door neighbor. I don't see why you had to come out naked with
a tail tape to you and dark circles drawn around your eyes. That seems like a lot of verisimilitude,
a lot more than I needed. Just next time, just ask and I'll like give you the old ass,
give you the old old candy. Yeah. Guys, this Yahoo answer was sent by Emily Wall. Thank you, Emily.
It's by Yahoo answers user Kaya who asks, does Ryan Gosling party? So I guess this is kind of
a complicated question because there are a lot of different angles here. Like does he like to party
and is down for whatever? Or does he just, or does he just do something like smoke weed slash cocaine
or maybe just smoke weed when he's tired? Please only answer if you really know. Oh my God.
First response from Ryan Gosling. Yeah, I'm down for whatever. Hey girl, let me get those digits.
I'm high right now. Why do you ask?
I, um, I have to imagine that Mr. Gosling can party. He probably, I think he has the capacity
to party whether he chooses to or not is the question. I bet he's really straight edge
actually. Now that I think about it, he's got to stay fit. He was in a half Nelson and he was
played a drug addict teacher and I think he saw that and I bet he was like when he got into the
role and he got out of it, he was like, I can't, I can't mess with that shit anymore. You know,
that's beneath me. Yeah. I bet he goes to parties like parties that are way below him on the social
level just to like bring them up a notch, you know? And I bet he just stays for like 10 minutes.
Doesn't, doesn't drink total straight edge. Think of this baller move, right? Ryan Gosling
walks into like your fucking high school graduation party where you've all stolen beer
from your dad's liquor cabinet or whatever. And Ryan Gosling just walks in and everybody goes,
Oh my God, is that Ryan Gosling? And he just looks around and goes, Oh, I can't believe
you guys are drinking. It's totally not cool. Straight edge for life. And then he leaves.
And after that, what are we doing? Yeah. I, uh, I have, I've recently learned by recently,
I mean the past minute and a half. Um, I don't think party means what it did when I was younger.
In my day, if somebody said a party, the only requirements were a, somebody turned up the jock
jam CD really loud. And B, the invitation said till question mark. Those are the two ingredients
for a party. I don't think that that's what this person is talking about. Now, once you turn the
jock jams up really loud, crank them. I mean, crank those jocks. Once you crank the jocks,
like what's the next step there? Because I'm envisioning you at a party that you're hosting,
you put in the jock jam CD, which volume, uh, jock jams volume for the one that, uh, has the,
we will rock you. We are the champions. Oh, slam a jam and ding dong. I imagine that the next step
Griffin is to open the front door and wait for people to arrive. It's basically like every party
you had before you, before alcohol, where you have 20 kids in a basement, jock jams going,
jock jams going fucking eating pizza and then everybody looks at each other and everybody looks
at each other and says, I thought this was supposed to be fun. I don't get it. I've seen
my parents doing this for years. How are they making it so enjoyable? I don't understand.
Let's leave it 10. Um, so what does partying mean now? I think it's like doing drugs.
It's like drugs and that's not partying. That's falling asleep. Oh man. Travy. You are old.
I am old. It's like fun drugs. It's like party drugs and then you do them and then like sometimes
you rub up against someone. It's, I don't fully comprehend it either, but I've watched a lot of
party of five. What, what kind of fun drugs? Oh, you know, like uppers and downers and perkeys and
xana. I would say almost by just by the meaning of the word, I don't think downers are fun drugs.
You take them with uppers and then you, you're just kind of normal. Okay. It's not a good way
to spend your money. Shroomers, dippers, uh, leaves, uh, sweet dust, uh, uh, lady fingers.
That's not a real one. Uh, power, power powder, uh, gummy vitamins. Uh huh. Special lemonade,
uh, regular lemonade, uh, ring pop dipped in cocaine, uh, needles, uh, bag, baggies, dimers,
uh, and that's all the drugs that there are. Big 25 H. H. H. I had a fun experience with Ryan
Gosling this week. I was playing the, uh, this is a brief diversion into video games, but I promise
it's worth it. Uh, I was playing the beta of the new dungeon crawler torchlight two and, uh, you
can only play that online. So I, I went into some strangers, uh, I had to pick some stranger's game
to join, uh, so I myself could play by myself. Uh, and the game I joined was hosted by Ryan Gosling
was this gentleman. It was this gentleman's username was Ryan Gosling. So I said, okay,
that looks like a good game to join as any. So Ryan Gosling joins and he finds me,
he tracks me down in his game world and introduces himself as Ryan Gosling. I say,
okay, hello, pleasure. Uh, and then he and I proceed to adventure around for a while.
And after every, we fought a large enemy, he would always compare it to a scene in a movie.
And it's literally like at, we would be like a, a large, uh, giant boss. And he would say,
God, look at this place. This reminds me of after I stomped on that guy's face and dry.
Now, Justin, I'm sure you've already thought about this, but is it possible
that that was Ryan Gosling? It was definitely Ryan Gosling.
I mean, it's definitely Ryan Gosling. The only thing that made hurt his credibility a little bit
it was that he introduced me to his ferret named Zac Efron. And it occurred to me then
that if he could name a ferret Zac Efron, then maybe somebody else could name a character Ryan
Gosling that wasn't Ryan Gosling. So that, that's what, that's what kind of ruined the illusion for
me. Um, I bet that's what Ryan Gosling does with his time is he just plays online,
online dungeon caller role playing games and just like eats Xannies and does needles.
Hey, the HM is real hard. My friends and I are planning to go to a karaoke bar in the
near future. I want to participate and avoid being that guy who sits in the back refusing
to have any fun. There's a girl I like who's coming as well. So I wanted to know what song
we best to, and this is in quotes, sing. I love this metric. I have, go for it. I have a higher
voice, similar, but not nearly as good as Jason Mraz. If that helps. It doesn't. That's from
thunder waffle. Okay. First step, never compare yourself to Jason Mraz ever. Second, you gotta,
you gotta get a new karaoke name. I don't think thunder waffle is going to take you.
That's into step one that I can, that I can tell you, uh, get a, get a karaoke, uh,
nom de nom de nom de Mike. Uh, it's Justin. What was your karaoke name? My karaoke name
has been for the past decade and is still plenty back. What was yours? Uh, Jeff Pepsi
and mine was encyclopedia Brown. You gotta get a handle for your, for your, uh, for your
performing performance. Cause that allows you some distance. It lets you, when I inhabit the
character of plenty pack, then I know it's a, it's a role that I'm playing. I, I, I'm
more in touch with the music now as far as song choice. I can help out there. Yeah. What you don't
want to do is go for what you think is the funny choice, right? Because you've got those guys who
get up and do, I would do anything for love, but they can't sing. And it's a really hard song to do.
Yeah. There's a lot of, there's a lot of wrong things you can do when you're picking a karaoke
song. Like you can pick a song that you think is going to be funny. You can pick a song that you
really like. Oh man. That's just going to be the worst for you. Like I did a bird house in your
soul at a karaoke place once. I was like, Oh, that's like the best song that's ever been written
by anyone. Not a good karaoke song. The best karaoke choice I think is the song that is the
song that you would claim to like ironically, but you actually deep, deep down like it. It's
going to seem like an ironic pick, like you're picking it as a goof, but it actually is pretty
kick ass. Here's an example. Um, get out, get out of my dreams, get into my car. Oh, that's a good
one. That's a good one. We're like, that's all right. That seems like a funny choice, but man,
you get that four on the floor. Everybody's into it. You know, everybody's with you all night long
by Lionel Richie. Yeah. See, that's a good, that's a good jam. I like that. Oh man. We're just
doing Rocky horror. All the, all the bait he can handle for literally any Michael McDonald,
Michael McDonald, like it's going to sound good no matter what. And it's also important.
Don't pick anything. That's a bummer. Like I know that that's pretty obvious,
but you get those people to get up there and they're performing for themselves and they're
ignoring the fact that it's like a bar full of people. And suddenly the whole evening drops down
to like a candlelit. They decide everybody hurts and now, and they're going to inflict it on,
on you. Um, this is with the song, everybody. Yeah. Exactly. Uh, I would caution you,
you pick a song that you know, the words for cold, like you have to know every word to it.
You do not, you cannot rely on the screen because it might, it might fritz out. You might get
distracted. The words might have the wrong words on it. Yeah. That's bad. And you also don't want
to be like glued to the screen the whole time. You want to be able to kind of like do it. And
in this world, there's smartphones that connect to YouTube. There's no reason not to like put in
song and then hop on YouTube and refresh the words in your head. So like, you know the song before
you get out there. Cause I also guarantee that the first like 10 songs you're going to pick in your
head have one moment in them that has a string of notes you can't hit. You know what I mean? That's
the thing. You can't, you gotta look at the song as a whole and not be like, okay, I really know
the chorus and I can do that. And don't be afraid to just like stop singing and say, is everybody
having a good time tonight? Yeah. Cause that usually works. And have a, have like a pocket
full of candy, like jolly ranchers that you can just like throw into the audience. And if you can
get one guy to stand behind you and pretend to play an inflatable sax, I think that really
ratchets up the level. And then find the appropriate moment to take your shirt off.
And I find that the audience just loves that. And then pull out your, your, uh, your wreck
penis and just like hit it against the microphone a few times. Yeah. That's how you win, win at
karaoke, karaoke, the ancient art of embarrassing yourself. Um, that's the other thing. I'm really
glad that you realize the fact that you don't want to be the guy that doesn't participate.
Cause that's, that's one of the most frustrating things for me when people go to karaoke and
they're like, I don't know, I don't really do it. I'm like, do you see those people up there? Like,
no one's up there winning American Idol. It is tantamount to sitting at the end of the pool.
Uh, like while everybody else swims at the pool party, like nobody's going to remember
if you get up there and do a shitty job. Everybody's going to remember if you,
if you don't do it. Yeah. In fact, I like people to get up and do shitty jobs more
because at least they don't fucking care. At least they're just doing it to participate.
I love that. And read the crowd too, because sometimes you might just want to punish them.
Sometimes you just might just want to make them pay for some of the songs you've been subjected
to. You got to remember it's not about you, even though everybody does sing karaoke because they
like attention. Um, the only way you're going to get it is if you're, is if you're wanting the party
to start, you want- I think that's unfair. That's an unfair assumption to make about everybody,
Justin. Cause when I say, like when I, when I sing karaoke, it's because I want to give,
like, I want to give my gift. Sure. Right. It's like, I want to share my gift to the,
with the world, you know? Right. Your self-absorption has gotten to such a,
a terminal case of it that you have to give it away. You have to give it away.
I, I know they want it. Your viral, your viral load.
I know they want it. I got it to give.
You have such a viral load of self-confidence that one compliment sends it spreading
a pandemic like to every surrounding country. I just blow it.
You know what makes my heart want to sing? Nope. Money.
Ah, beautiful. Let's get out of the money zone.
Griffin? Yeah?
Have I told you about the Aldis project? You haven't told me anything about anything.
I taught you. That's not true. I've taught you so much.
You taught me about the pro- you're, you told me about this one time you were talking about
hunting down the entire family of Alan Alda. Yeah.
Is that what, is that what you're referring to? No, that isn't the Aldis project.
It's close. The Aldis project is 366 drawings for good.
It's a year-long project by an artist named Christie Moderelli.
It's two-fold. One, it's a personal challenge to create 366 original drawings in as many days.
And she also is raising money for three of her favorite nonprofits.
826 International, the Cherokee Foundation. It's just 826 National. They don't, they don't give
a, they don't give a fuck about other countries. 826 National, the Cherokee
Foundat- I'm taking a shot in the dark pronunciation right here.
Shoerake. Shoerake Foundation,
and the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society. Said all those words, right?
They look out for sea sheep, of course. Each original drawing can be sold for $100
with $25 going to the buyer's choice of the three charities, and there are no additional
fees of any kind, including shipping. Well, that sounds awesome.
That sounds, that's going to bring in a big buy. 366 drawings a day. That's
one drawing every day for the year. Yeah.
I see one- And where can people go to,
to learn more about it, Juice? It's the Aldi, it's thealdisproject.com.
You know, the A-L-D-A-S project.com to learn more and buy one of these paintings.
And I would suggest you do because they look really cool. One looks like a bunch of bacon
held up by sticks, so I love it. I love this painting.
Like a bacon fort? I never get art,
and finally someone made a bacon fort and I'm there. I'm in it.
I'm into it. You're in the bacon fort?
I'm living in the bacon fort. Sometimes when I put my penis in a cage,
I refer to the cage as a bacon fort. Wait a minute, your penis in a cage?
Where do you find penis cages at this time of year?
Well, I used to try to make them, not gonna lie, but that's very difficult.
It's hard to do, welding, blacksmithing. I just leave it to the trained
professional experts at Extreme Restraints. Extremerestraints.com?
You know what, I've been thinking I should go there because my butt plug doesn't stretch my
anus in a way that's pleasurable to me anymore. At this point, you've already done all the
stretching you're gonna do. Your gauge is too high now.
You gotta keep upgrading. I have to keep upgrading
to get that pleasurable spread that I enjoy. The main problem I had when I went to
Extremerestraints.com is that everything seemed to be 20% out of my price range.
I'm so glad you brought that up, Justin, because I can offer you and our listeners a deal that
for this week and any time that we mention Extreme Restraints on the show,
we can give you a 20% off coupon code, and it's just MIDDLEST, M-I-D-D-L-E-S-T, MIDDLEST,
and you get 20% off. And even on the weeks when we don't talk about Extreme Restraints,
if you use the coupon code MIDDLEST, you still get 10% off your entire order.
It's a great coupon, and listen, your sex life is boring, whether you know it or not,
unless you have already bought electrodes and lube and a glory hole? Is that a thing?
I don't know if you can buy a glory hole. I think you just find one in nature.
You're gay now. That's going to take up a lot. You're federally gay. You're going to need a whole
new flotilla of sex toys. I guess. Yeah, definitely. You can't use your old stuff.
I don't know the utility of a pocket vagina. What do you mean, utility?
We got a lot of complaints last week because I said pocket and then the p-word that people use
sometimes to describe vaginas. But I think that's like the clinical name, right? That is the name
of the product. Well, not going to say it anymore because it's not that it's dirty or wrong,
but that I apparently have like a child's intonation, and it just takes people the wrong
way. When you say it, it's great intonation. Do yourself a favor and go check it out,
and it might surprise you, even if you wouldn't consider it to be your kind of thing,
I think it would surprise you the kind of things that they have there. What's the URL again?
It's ExtremeRestraints.com, and make sure to use the coupon code MEDALIST to get 20%
off your order. Don't go to ExtremeRestraints.gov.
They make you go to Guantanamo. It's terrible. It's a terrible website. You know what's not
terrible, though? What's that? Vigia games. Love them. Travis, have you heard of any cool ones?
I have. There's a new project from the guys at Mob Rules Games. They're working on Haunts the
Manse Macabre, and we talked about it last week, and since then, you guys have been doing so good
donating to their Kickstarter. Basically, they're looking for $25,000 to help finish their game so
they can get it released by October, and it's a turn-based adventure game, and the art style is
like Edward Gorey, Edgar Allen Poe-ish. It's awesome, and it's just an open-source, independent
gaming thing. It's amazing, and the guys there are super cool, super great. Go check out their
Kickstarter. What is the Kickstarter at right now? It is $7,876. Okay, not bad. We gotta pick up the
pace, though. Yeah, we gotta step it up. There's some time left to donate, so it's not too late,
and make sure if you do donate, make sure in the comments you tell them that NBNBAM sent you,
because that way they know that they have us to thank. You know, that it's all on us,
because we're awesome. I always get to this point where I want a highest level of pledge
where they have to name the game after me. How high do you think, though? I think if you gave all
$25,000, you could probably make that happen. Yeah, I don't want it to be Haunts. I want it
to be Justin McElroy's Haunts. Justin McElroy Presents. Maybe not so much like a turn-based
adventure horror game, but like a platformer starring you. Yeah, right. And you gotta collect
all the candy. This is called It's Justin. It's Justin, the game. The Skittles Adventure.
Where is my NBNBAM iOS game? Why is no one developing that? Come on. You just
invented it just now. Somebody kickstarted it or something. That's at mobrulesgames.com,
right? And the donations on that Kickstarter start as low as $5. And for $5 you get a copy
of the game when it's done. It's a great deal. Yeah, and that's the low end. If you kick it up
to like $25, you can get your name in the credits. Is your name in the credits anything else? No,
it's not. You haven't accomplished anything. This is your chance to accomplish something
with your life. This is your big shot. Fuck up. So go on, you fuck up. Go to mobrulesgames.com
and see a link to the Kickstarter and just click it and fund it already. God,
make your parents proud of you for the first time ever. For the first time in history. Piece of
shit. You're such a disappointment. Somebody once told me your art is kind of old and boring.
You got to get some new art. Your art's got a shelf life of about 24 hours. So you better
replace that art with new art. You can go to thealdisproject.com and buy a drawing every
single day. That's thealdisproject.com. Send some money her way.
Hello there. My name is Graham Clark. And I'm Dave Shumka. And together we host a podcast called
Stop Podcasting Yourself. This is a file that you download from the internet and then you listen to
it in your pod. What's that about, you ask? Well, who are you to ask? Who do you think you are?
Yeah, get lost, bozo. We're a couple of stand up comedians in Vancouver, British Columbia,
Canada. And every week we bring a guest on the show. Sometimes they're Canadian,
sometimes they're not. Sometimes they're a ghost. It's like you're sitting in on a friendly
afternoon chat. Plus we're Canadian, so you get a tax break. You can find us on iTunes or online
at maximumfun.org. I just finished my junior year of college. My spring semester would have been
satisfactory. A's and B's were not for a miserable D. Getting a D is depressing.
At least your spelling's on point. For many reasons. I've never gotten below a C in a class
and now I have to break the news to my parents who are generously paying for my college education.
How do I tell my parents and how do I bounce back from this academic misstep? And that's
from a dumb person. That's my, it says quote, that's my new name for myself.
All right, stop right there. That's what you got to stop doing. First of all,
everybody gets D's from time to time. I got a D in home economics in middle school.
I got a D in earthquakes and volcanoes. Yeah. Cause you know why? Cause I don't give a shit
about, we had to make nachos and I did a bad job. Hey, there's a D. You made bad nachos?
I'm not an idiot. I just made a, I made a fucking nachos mistake.
You know, I disagree, Griffin. I think if you can't nail down nachos.
It was my first time taking a stab at nachos. So like, sorry, we can't all be like fucking
nachos geniuses. It's like nacho leeway.
Nachos idiot savants. Like it takes some time to ramp up to nachos. Anyway,
you fucked up, but guess what? You're not a dummy. Right.
Cause you got, you get good grades all the time. If you got bad grades all the time,
then you'd probably be a dummy. Hear that bad grade people.
Let me fill this out. Maybe don't tell your parents.
They got to, they're going to send them a report card.
They don't send report cards in college.
I'm pretty sure they don't do that.
They do. Yeah, they would. They do. They'll send a, they'll send a note if you're,
if you're failing for sure. But you're not failing. You got a D.
Yeah. Maybe, maybe you're cool. Just go to your parents and say,
Hey, fucked up my nachos. Don't worry about it. I'm an adult now.
Look at my brother, Kevin. You guys messed that one up. He's a jerk. I hate his guts.
So what? I got bad geometry. Let's not make this about Kevin.
You're right. All right. Everything's always about Kevin.
I, at my school, when I was in college, in my major,
there was some rule. Like if you got below a C in a major's course, you had to take it over,
which always frustrated me as to why they even offered grades below a C. If that was the case,
it might not just fail. It should just be A, B, C, and then nope.
And then do it again. But like, if you're talking a gen ed course and like you got like a D in
chemistry, great. You're never going to use that in your philosophy degree.
Yeah. Yeah. Sorry guys. I use like one fifth of the things I learned in college.
Yeah. And most of it's like how to roll a, a doobie.
You know, just how to do some ageums.
I was at, um, I, I was at Starbucks the other day and I got a, you know, a Venti drip and they're
like, that's, that's $3.62. And I had a $5 bill in my wallet and I gave them the $5 bill. And then
they use their register to figure out the exact change. And then they gave it back to me. No
maths involved. All I needed to know was my coffee preferences.
One further. In college, I had to take a botany class.
Cool.
Like in what way am I using that now?
That would actually be handy.
That would be handy. I'd like to be able to identify some of the plant life around me.
You know what I can do now? I can be like, that's a tree versus a bush.
And that over there, that's a flower.
That's the, that's your, those are your three metrics depending on the size of the arbor.
Right.
No, that was pretty big. I'm almost certain that's a tree.
Gonna go with tree. Oh, it's a house?
Fuck.
Shit. Damn it. It was big though.
I didn't take house-ery in college.
It was big and it had green on it.
Um, there's no such thing as a permanent record and your D doesn't matter for shit.
You'll never go into a job interview and they'll be like,
well, you're totally qualified and it looks like you have excellent references.
Oh, it looks like you got a D in home economics because you made bad nachos.
We're going to have to just, we're going to pass.
To what point, to what age in your guy's life did you,
did you operate under the assumption that somewhere there was a manila folder with your
name written on it that just, they transferred from school to school,
following you around for your entire life?
I gave up on that junior year because I went into the office and I needed something from
like a high school AP course and they couldn't find that information.
And I was like, you sons of bitches.
You don't know me.
You don't know shit.
You're not tracking anything I do.
So since then I've left no paper trail.
You can just feel off the grid.
I'm off the grid, I've been so careful until this show and that's how the mafia found me.
Coming out this summer, the Charles McElroy story.
It's boring.
It's real bad.
It's about how I owed $30 to the college library and they wouldn't send me my diploma.
That's true.
It seriously doesn't matter.
And like, there's a reverse side of this where if you bust your ass getting like straight A's,
like I worked really hard in college and I graduated cumload and like,
I like to this day.
Do you know how many like Benny's that's gotten me post-grad?
Zilch, Zippo.
As long as you come away with the knowledge, it doesn't matter how well you test on it.
As long as you pass the class and know your shit, that's all that matters.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
There's a reason why in the hit Tim McGraw song, Move Like You're Dying,
he doesn't say skydiving, Rocky Mountain climbing,
study my algebra until I did real good at it.
And then there's that verse where he's like,
I burned up all of my books except for my Bible today.
Jesus, take the wheel.
That's a good karaoke song.
Take all of my books.
I can't read the road signs, Jesus.
I didn't learn.
Learn, teach me how to add.
Jesus, balance my checkbook.
Adding and subtracting escapes me.
I don't know how much to tip, Jesus.
I still don't know what taxes are.
Guys, this Yahoo answer is sent in by Kristen McMurt-
Oh shit.
Kristen McMurtry.
Okay.
Thank you, Kristen.
Maybe work on that last name.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Maria who asks,
how loud is prom music?
How to prevent ears from damage?
This may sound weird, but I hate loud music and I am scared of it damaging my ears.
I have prom next week and I don't want to be the weird one with big ear protectors on.
I have never been to a prom before.
Wait, what?
I have never been to a prom before,
so I was just wondering if they play the music really loud and if so, how to protect my ears.
Okay. Madam, I have known you for all of one question.
The ship has sailed on being the weird one.
Like you, that has passed you by.
Have you guys ever listened to T-Pain or T-I or I-Pain at a reasonable level of volume?
Like a smooth jazz undercurrent level.
Yeah, like quiet car radio, you know, taking a bubble bath with your iPhone speakers.
Like that level of sound?
No, you can't.
It's nigh-unlistenable.
Your ears actually cannot detect it.
It's like a dog whistle.
And I guarantee that if I went there now, I'd think the music was really loud because I am old.
Oh yeah, you're really old.
What if you did just wear big headphones
and you were listening to your own music and dancing to that?
You just could call me maybe on repeat.
Oh, that sounds like my dream world.
Fuck.
I know, right?
So good.
Pop in your skull candy and just listen away.
Let Carly Rae Jessup just take you off to dream town.
I'm going with you, Carly Rae Jessup.
Fly me to the moon.
Can you be the person at the prom who goes up to the DJ and is like,
hey, can you maybe turn it down just a little bit?
Would you play like some Chicago?
Something just like a little easier.
It's not an unreasonable fear.
Your ears are like tiny little rings with like a thin layer of saran wrap.
And if that saran wrap breaks, guess what?
You're deaf.
You can't hear anymore.
That's how that works.
I'm a little more worried about the pregnancy.
Like there's so many more dangers at prom to be concerned about.
You're worried about ear babies.
No, no.
Despite what Arnani told us growing up, rock music doesn't make your ears pregnant.
What I'm worried about, yeah, I know.
What I'm worried about is the underage sex.
Yeah.
There's sex at prom?
Is that where it's happening?
I mean, the grinding was pretty hot and heavy in 2005.
Sorry, everyone.
I'm a baby.
I can only imagine how things have escalated because they've escalated
in literally every other way.
And if the grinding was like super, super gnar when I was 18, like now that I'm 25,
I bet you people are just like getting their dicks dirty right there on the floor.
And side note, this is a weird transition,
but I can only imagine there's another good karaoke song.
Where did that come from?
You're literally the worst person of all people.
You are the worst.
I can only imagine how to read.
I can only imagine where Mexico is.
I can only imagine how many branches of the government there are.
Joke's on you.
There's only one.
It's Jesus.
He's got the wheel.
He's my judge.
I used to have it before Barack Hussein Obama yanked it out of his hands
and started steering his own ship.
He's my Supreme Court justice, majority whip, and president and commander in chief.
And my king forever.
This Yahoo was sent in by Liana, which was sent to her by her friend Keith.
So thank you both people in this arrangement.
For the second hand Yahoo.
Many, many Bothans died to bring us this Yahoo.
So let's really enjoy it.
It was asked by Yahoo Answers user Geof who asks,
is it okay to draw on a dog with magic marker?
Sometimes when my stepdad Ron grounds me, I'll write messages on my dog.
He is white with washable marker and send him downstairs.
Just little messages, like if I need food or about how much I hate my stepdad Ron.
My mom said it would make the dog sick.
Is she right?
So many more problems with the best stepdad name ever is Ron.
Got some dog mail.
Got some dog mail for you, Ron.
Fuck off.
I hate you, Ron.
I hate you so much.
Come here, Mr. Perkins.
What's it?
Oh, man.
It really helps my, that hurts my self esteem.
I'm trying so hard.
It hurts my Ron esteem.
I don't like that one bit.
Can you give me the question one more time, Griffin?
Is it okay to draw on a dog with magic marker?
Sometimes when my stepdad Ron grounds me, I'll write messages on my dog.
He is white with magic marker.
Just little messages, like if I need food or about how much I hate my stepdad Ron.
I'm imagining like a Yorkshire Terrier like bounding down the stairs running up to Ron
and it's like a message on him like, hey, Ron, I smell that chili.
What the fuck?
You're such a bastard.
I'm super hungry.
He's got a message for you, Ron.
I'm a dog.
And also the person asking this question is 32.
Yeah.
God damn you, Ron.
Now, now listen to me, Sparky.
I want you to go downstairs.
I want you to find Ron and I want you to just wiggle in front of him.
You gotta make sure he reads this.
It's important.
I've been trapped in this bookcase for two weeks.
I gotta get some pasta up here.
So hungry.
Also tell Ron, fuck you, Ron.
If Ron wants to rescue me, tell him to fuck clean off.
I hate Ron.
Tell him to send my mom and ask if my mom is back with my fruit rollups yet.
I sent her to the store 20 minutes ago for fruit rollups.
Oh, Mr.
Perkins, you look kind of sick.
What happened?
Oh, is it the markers?
Jesus.
Seeking your skin?
It's you or me, Mr.
Perkins.
Maybe you learned how to talk English.
Stupid dog.
Poor Ron.
What a fucking sick bird.
He's just trying to watch Extreme Home Makeover.
And all of a sudden the dog trots in front of his face.
It's like a drawing of a knife stab and it just appears.
And it's just an arrow that says Ron.
This is you, Ron.
This is what I want to do to you.
Look at the dog.
Oh, Jesus.
It says, I love you, Ron, I'm my dog.
Oh, he rolled over.
It says, no, I don't.
And he says, fuck you, Ron, again on it.
And it says, chilly.
With an arrow towards the dog's penis.
Tyler, I thought you were going to come pick me up from work.
Did you not read the dog?
I said, I said, fuck you and fuck your job.
I'm not going to pick you up.
Oh, and also that we were out of eggs.
And also we're out of eggs.
Did you tell mom?
I wrote it on the dog, Ron.
What else do you want me to do?
What else do you want me to do?
I can't, I can't force the dog to stand in front of you all day.
Please just read the dog.
You used all the paper for your stupid novel, Ron.
Yeah, how's that going, Ron?
Did you find a publisher yet?
In this economy, Ron, you might as well self-publish your stupid shit.
Can we?
Put it on Kindle.
I've got a, I've got a Tumblr dog where I just put messages.
Why can't you get a Tumblr dog?
Can we make it a new law?
Sort of like in Game of Thrones when you, if you're a bastard, your name is Snow.
Can we make it that when the second you become a stepdad, your name becomes,
it just becomes Ron by law?
Legally, legally speaking.
I now pronounce you wife and Ron.
It's not even, it's not even your name so much as like,
like Earl is like an honorary title, but his name is not Earl.
You're officially like the Don of this house.
You're Don Ron.
You're the Ron.
You're the Ron.
You're the Ron Don.
You're the Ron Don of this.
Fuck you, Ron.
I'm Ron.
Ron, you can fucking eat a dick.
I am Ron Don Johnson.
And as long as you're living underneath my roof.
I am Don Ron Don Johnson.
I am Don Ron Don Johnson.
As long as you're living underneath my roof,
you will not melt down my Miami Vice VHS tapes.
Those are collector's items.
And you will respect my friend Cheech Marin.
He will let you.
And my friend Don Ron Don Cheetle.
And you'll stop sending your stupid ass Tumblr dog down
with messages about how you preferred the earlier seasons of National Bridges.
I'm done with you.
Stop it with the Tumblr dog.
We've had enough.
Your mom and I are very much in love.
Listen, she's not getting back with your dad.
Do you think at some point you have to start using the dog to repair the relationship?
Like, just a note that says, Ron, I wish we could be closer.
Ron, I think we should talk.
Ron, we should talk.
Ron, my mom's seen sad lately.
When was the last time you treated her out to a night on the tag?
Night on the tag?
I'm so hungry.
Please send the dog.
Ron, please send the dog.
Please send the dog for snacks.
Hate you, Ron.
Hashtag hungry.
So this has been our dog show.
My brother, my brother, mate.
Advice show for the modern era.
Thank you to so much, everybody, for tweeting about the show.
Thanks to our buddy Fred Wynn, Iggy K, Joshua Lee Kost, Iron Sean, Dill Bob,
Scudworth, Honeycutt1, Kali Draws, WickedTube, I insides, SS Kento, Office of Nature, everybody.
Just use that MBMBAM hashtag and hey, if you think about this week, maybe tweet out a link
to our sampler.
It's bit.ly forward slash it's my bim bam.
And thanks to the oldest project for sponsoring the show.
And thanks again to Extreme Restraints for don't forget to use the Middle East coupon
code to get 20 percent off. And thanks to Mob Rules Games.
Make sure you check them out.
And if you would like a message on our show, whether it's like for somebody for a birthday
or if you've got a project or something you want to sponsor or I have us talk about, then
just go to maximum fun dot org forward slash Jumbotron.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of a theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
Thank you, guys, gang.
Thanks, gang.
And if you want to send in a problem, something that you're struggling with and you need our
help, anything from relationships to etiquette, it's MBMBAM at maximum fun dot org.
So send us a note and and let us help you.
So don't don't rely on the Tumblr dog for everything.
Just send us an email or something and we'll help you out.
Like a literal email through through through Web channels.
Yeah, I swear to God.
If somebody sends me a dead dog with stuff written on it, I get one more dog in a box.
I know this finally who is also sent in by Emily Wall.
Thank you.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Sandy, who asks, Why do black men love eating chips at the
beach?
Is it to be energized for us ladies before they take a dip?
Keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Keep your heart.
Play your part.
Do black men love eating potato chips at the beach so they can have the chips before the
dips in the water while covering our faces with lovely kisses.
