The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everyone, and welcome to this very special episode of My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
My name is Justin McElroy. My name is Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy. We come to you
after what many are calling the hug heard around the world. Last night, two teams met on the field
of athletic competition preparing for the biggest sporting event of the year. The Carolina Panthers
and the Denver Broncos lined up against each other and then, apropos of nothing, before the first
ball had been thrown. Or kicked. Or kicked. Or rolled. Or rolled. Sometimes they just roll it.
That's a good trick play, by the way. That's a good thing. High school football coaches,
you just roll the ball and I'm just like, what do I do? Sorry, go on. Can I please finish this story?
Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning crossed the line of scrimmage,
illegal, not just in terms of sports rules. Yeah, not allowed to do that. But an actual crime.
Listen, the scrimmage line is there for a reason. And he walked across the line of scrimmage to
opposing quarterback Cam Newton. It was quarterback v. quarterback. It was in a rare play, quarterback
v. quarterback. Well, they were in the multi-ball bonus round. They set the ball aside and simply
embraced the crowd. I think my favorite part was as you watched the transition on Cam Newton's face
is he was like, what are you doing, man? What are you doing? So right. And then he
just like got it. Yeah. And that's how I felt watching at home was I get it. And it was like
we were all hugging Cam Newton. It was like all of us were hugging each other simultaneously.
I felt so connected to everybody. And they just called the game right there.
I spilled a Coke all over my friend Johnny because we hugged, but I was holding a Coke in my hands
and it just got all over him. And then I realized the cameras were filming us. And this was actually
a Coca-Cola commercial I was in. I felt like I was embracing everybody on earth at the same.
I was embracing Donald Trump. I was embracing Kim Jong Un and Kim Jong Dose and the whole family.
The whole set. The whole set of Kim Jongs, all of them. We were all embracing as one people.
And it was kicked off because two men, it was like, what if they threw a football war and
nobody came? And those two people- And they were finally able to set aside their differences.
Yeah, exactly.
I felt like I was, you know what, Justin? I felt like I was hugging myself. I was finally
able to forgive myself for everything. For all of my crimes against humanity.
It almost made me forget about the game itself in which Cam Newton and his good,
good passing just completely dunked up on that big old dinosaur Peyton Manning and how hard that
he lost. And then he cried because it was the last game of his career and he lost it so fucking bad.
He lost it super bad.
He lost it super bad.
Why is he dying?
It was my last one.
And he cried and cried and cried. The crying tears of an old, old man. And I was like,
fuck, Peyto.
See, I saw the hug for 20 seconds and I figured the game would not be held. I turned it off.
No, they still did it.
They still did it. They didn't televise it though, which was weird. Griffin was at the game.
Yeah. Peyto got posterized. He got dunked upon. It was weird.
I, the way I heard it, they just hugged the entire time. And then like all, like the water,
the hydration specialists, as they say, the water boy, they all hugged.
And then after about like an hour and a half, Coldplay came to the middle of the field.
They're like, oh right. Okay. So like, are we still going to do this show or what?
Or is everybody just going to hug?
And then Bruno Mars hugs Coldplay and they were like, don't you do this, man.
Don't you do this.
Don't you do this to me.
It's not your fault, Coldplay.
Don't you do this to me, Bruno Mars.
It's not your fault.
It was all yellow.
Hey, hey, look at me. I'd catch a grenade for you.
That's Chris Martin.
In case you're curious, that's what it sounds like with Chris Martin crying.
And also every record Coldplay has ever released. It sounds like that too.
Yellow.
Do you guys remember when we used to predict the Super Bowl
by putting the literal team animal or beings in a room together
and having them fight to the death?
Like one time it was the Cardinals and something else.
And we talked about like a bunch of popes just like fucking with machetes
taking on some Seahawks or something.
This is something we talked about on My Brother, My Brother, Me?
Yeah.
Something we did?
So you just like welcome everybody to the My Brother, My Brother, Me fancast,
My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
Well, no, I'm saying let's get into it.
No, because this is a great question.
It's not a great question.
No, shut up and listen.
I haven't even gotten to the fucking question yet.
Okay.
10 big beautiful horses.
Clydesdales? We talking Clydesdales?
Yeah, I think those would qualify as Broncos.
I think a Bronco is also a little bit fucking loco.
They buck as I understand.
They got that going for them versus 10 Panthers in a room
just big enough to hold all 20 of these animals.
It's like a fucked up redundant Noah's Ark.
Well, the problem, Griff, is-
Who's coming out that cage?
Your Panther is a stealth killer.
Yeah.
Right?
They're not really like your straight up fair fight.
They're more of like a pounce on you from the tree or some kind of canopy.
Whereas your Bronco, that's just a straight up murderer.
So I think they're going to stamp on them.
They're going to champ on them.
Champ on them?
Yeah.
You know how they champ at the bit?
They're going to champ on them.
Are you just saying chomp, but bad?
No, champ.
Horses champ.
Horses champ at the bit.
Horses champ.
Yeah, but I think there's something to be said about how much sharp stuff is on a Panther.
There's a lot of sharp-
There's at least probably 30 sharp things on any given Panther.
And they're under quills.
And they have those under quills.
Do you think it's weird?
Do you know how good Peyton Manning must be at football?
That he is A, so old.
100.
And B, his backup is a guy that literally has the name of the team in his name.
His name is Bronco Swiler.
His name is in there.
Quarterback of the Broncos, Bronco Swiler.
That's right there.
You must be so good at football.
Because I'd love to be able to say Broncos Bronco Swiler.
That'd make a lot more-
I love how you pronounce his name.
Well, you've got to say-
It's one weird word.
If you don't say Bronco Swiler, then it's like you lose the joke.
It's got to sound like Bronco, Bronco Swiler.
This has all been amazing.
Really fucking, yeah.
I want to say one more really important thing about the Denver Broncos.
Travis Griffin, everybody listening at home, if it's safe for you right now,
call up a picture of the logo of the Denver Broncos for a second.
I'll check it.
Just go ahead and pull it up.
I'll give you, let's call it three seconds because I've been-
I can do it in my head.
One thousand one, one thousand two, one thousand three.
Okay, I understand that you have to spice it up every few years
and really make it sleeker.
But in trying to make-
Yeah, they've taken it, yeah.
No, they've taken it too far.
In trying to make it so aesthetically sleek and give this illusion of movement,
they have drawn a logo of somebody pulling a horse's head off its body.
That is, right now, this horse has-
The reason it's stretched out like that and the reason there's no body
is that it just got pulled off a horse's body.
It's disgusting.
Just put a picture of a horsey on there.
It's not hard.
How about just a big muscular horse thumbs upping to you and be like, good football.
Yeah, see, that's what's getting lost here is that I love it
when a horse is just fucking diesel.
You know what I mean?
I love it when, listen, God's never made a mistake in the horse world.
You know what I mean?
What if he was a super diesel horse with a cowboy hat
and he was kind of tipping it to you
and he had a sweet ass huge cigar dangling out of his mouth?
Yeah, that would be sick.
And you could just tell that he was a super cool dude.
See, you're losing the musculature in this fucked up, stretched out, torn off horse head.
And honestly, it looks like a snake or maybe like a dinosaur with neck plates.
It's fucking bad.
Last note, the Atlanta Falcons have always had
and will always have the best logo in professional sports.
Yeah, it looks like a superhero logo.
Fucking so sweet.
It's so rad.
And I don't really like the redesign from O3, but anyway.
So this has been our sports show, my brother, my brother, me,
and we are also this week gonna mix it up with some advice.
Our sports show, all the pretty horses.
Our sports show horse review.
We obviously have not seen the big game as we were forced to say legally,
but I'm sure we had a great time.
I'm predicting three defensive touchdowns from the Denver Broncos.
My boyfriend-
I apologize, by the way, that I sound like Shang Tsung,
the fucking emperor warlock from Mortal Kombat.
I've tied one on last night.
Professionalism, dedication, chastity.
Read the question, you ding dong.
My boyfriend likes to sit in the very front row of the movie theater.
He has a film degree and insisted it's the best way to watch movies,
even though everyone else tells him he is being a pain.
He will only go for center seats if it's a 3D movie.
That's legit.
When we go to the movies in a group,
his friends will leave us alone in the front
so they can go sit in the center.
How do I convince my boyfriend to sit in the people seats?
That's from sore neck in central Florida.
That is such a great way to think about it,
because you're right, the seats in the front,
those aren't people seats.
Those are there as a joke.
You know, when you get into a theater,
I've been to a couple opening night,
big time productions of movies and it's sold out
and you get in and the only seats are in the front row
and you're like, oh, well, I might as well leave.
I would rather sit on someone's lap
for the entirety of the movie
than sit in the front row seats,
because they're not actually there to be sat in.
It's like a joke, like these are jokes.
It is weird, it's just like, why do they,
they shouldn't sell them, the theater's full.
Like if that front row is the only row available,
the theater is full, there's no place to sit.
You can't sit anywhere.
They leave that whole row of seats for Elijah,
because he likes to stretch out.
He likes to really, he puts up the armrests
and he lays down some of the chairs
and he just takes a little nap right there.
Is there a professor at film school who's like,
oh yeah, Susan Cain's great, now lean in everybody.
I'm gonna tell you something
they won't tell you in regular school.
The best seats are in the front row.
Keep that to yourself, be cool.
That's what they don't tell you.
It doesn't even make, it's a nonsensical argument
and here is why, if you are, I refuse to believe
that the entirety of the film industry
has been making movies specifically to be best enjoyed
by no one.
Unless every film was shot from underneath
the actors looking up at them.
Yeah, what if it was like that?
It was like those pictures where if you lean it enough
it looks like Abraham Lincoln.
You just get all the secret, like it all connects.
Oh, that's such an amazing, so what would those movies,
let's use Citizen Kane, let's use Jurassic Park.
But it's just filmed like you're just like under
and inside John Hammond.
So from like row five it's like,
this looks really stretched out and fucked up.
I don't get, like it sounds like
there's some sick dino action happening.
But I can't see them.
What sucks is actually if you watch Jurassic Park
that's just sort of how Jeff Goldblum looks.
So like when you do sit in the front row
you get sort of a different Goldblum.
Well you get a much more like Goldloom.
He's like right over you and it's wonderful.
It's what we all dream of happening all the time.
Just being fucking dominated by Jeff Goldblum.
You wanna know something weird?
I just one time I went to a movie,
I went to see Night of the Museum, the first one.
Night of the Museum?
Night at the Museum I believe it was.
This is my night, the museum.
This is my night.
And something happened and to this day
it still boggles my mind.
They were playing it in the wrong format
and I could see like the boom mic
and the cables on the ground.
No, you dream this.
This is real before they clicked it over
and then suddenly like the black bar
at the top of the bottom covered the whole thing.
No Travis, that's some Toy Story bullshit.
You think all movies are actually being acted out
in front of you every time you watched it.
I swear to God this happened.
The digi actors got sloppy in your version.
This is a whole night, there's no fuck.
So what you're imagining is maybe they filmed all of it
but there's a guy that stands up near the projector window
with two pieces of black construction paper.
I'm saying maybe there's a switch on the projector
that's like wide or your like full screen format.
Guys, it was so fucked up.
I was watching Night of the Museum
and then Ben Stiller forgot his line and said line
and it was like really quick.
Listen, I also am not 100% sure this wasn't a dream.
I'm just saying that this is a memory
that I have in my brain.
Hank Azaria in his tunic, his dick was hanging out
for like a lot of the movie.
Guys, Amy Adams fully Purple Rose of Cairode
out of the screen and asked me to come
and throw an incredible adventure is awesome.
Wait, maybe that's why this person
sits so close to the screen.
No, maybe if you've gone to film school long enough
you know that it's not every movie viewing
but every 100th movie viewing
you get one of these weird mutation versions of the film
where you can enter into the picture.
You can warp into it.
You can last action hero it.
Right, but you have to be sitting real close, right?
Or Arnold's not gonna pick you.
Maybe if you sit close enough
you can see behind the giant black letter boxes
that they raise and lower to cover.
You can peek over and see the craft service table.
Yeah, exactly.
Travis, I have-
That's the most mental thing you've ever said.
I swear, it's like, I don't think I'm making it up.
Can you form other memories like surrounding that?
Can you summon up a memory of like you
and who else was there or like what you did before?
His mushrooms dealer was there.
I can't remember anything else about the day.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Are you awake right now?
Can we be sure about this?
Can any of us be sure, Griffin?
Oh God, not again.
Do you guys want Yahoo?
I have to know.
I have one other question, Travis.
When you have dwelled...
Okay, first off, I cannot believe we're nearly 300 episodes
before you dropped this fucking omega bomb on us.
Firstly, the craziest thing you've ever said
on this entire program.
I cannot believe you waited this long to deploy this.
That's one.
But maybe it needed this much time for the sands of time
to eclipse the fact that it was indeed a dream.
But secondly, when you have observed this happening
in your mind's eye, what was the logistical reason
that you could simmer up for the filmmakers filming things
that they would never ever want the audience to see?
Because they knew it would be in letterbox.
That was my understanding is like,
well, this is going to be shown in widescreen format.
Exactly, yeah.
No one will ever see the cables.
Why even fucking worry about it?
When you see Hank Azaria's dick,
it's just right there at the bottom of the screen.
So you go behind the letterbox,
and it's just full front of Azaria.
You know how in the breakup,
they shot Jennifer Aniston's ass
as she walked to the bathroom naked,
but then they were like, no one's going to see it
because it's like in the widescreen format?
Yeah, no.
You know, you know.
That's the thing.
I literally don't.
This is the thing.
Oh God, I hope that there are film students
sitting in the front row movie theaters right now
tweeting at me, you are right.
Man, I got to say,
people at the film school are really-
I hope you guys get Probe Roots of Cairode
right into that screen.
I hope you get Last Action Heroed
right through the celluloid.
I was tweeting in the front row
and Arnold Schwarzenegger turned to me and said,
hey, stop it.
I tried to kill Predator up here.
That's not what...
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Please.
This Yahoo was sent in by Zoe Kinski.
Climb that ladder.
How long is she going to be climbing that ladder?
Because I got to say-
As long as it takes.
She should be up there.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, something has gone wrong.
Let's call them Stealers Jack, okay?
Asks, fair warning, a preface.
This breaks our own rule for the sort of code of conduct
for Yahoo's that make it on the show.
But it's a fascinating question.
I mass drew a biffed with my terrible towel.
Super Bowl party?
There's more.
Can you just do your best to try...
I don't want to make fun of people's writing
or spelling abilities.
Can you just translate for me
to the best of your knowledge you're reading there?
What is your brain filling in the gaps to make it say?
Mass drew a biffed with my terrible towel.
Mass drew a biffed?
I think it means they were having a wank.
Having a wank.
I did a proper wank.
Reciting in gentlemanly fashion.
Should I bring my terrible towel
to the Super Bowl party tonight?
It's the same one that I used to masturbate with.
And I just noticed there are stains on it.
If I do bring it...
I tried to fucking ramp over that, guys.
I'm sorry.
If I do bring it, my friends will know
I've been masturbating.
If I don't bring it,
they will question my loyalty to the Steelers
and I'll be the only one without a towel.
The game kicks off in an hour.
Help!
Yo dawg, I question your loyalty to the Steelers.
You're either the worst Steelers fan
or the biggest.
Yeah.
Can I say one thing?
Can I say one thing?
One thing on this subject.
Can I say one thing?
Can I say just one thing first?
Can I just say one thing before you say one thing?
Let me get in my one thing real quick.
Let me just slide it wide and say,
it is most certainly terrible.
Damn it, that was my one thing.
I thought that'd be both of your things.
It's an exceptionally terrible towel.
It's a very terrible towel.
I think they would get it and be like,
is this cum everywhere on this?
Why did you do this?
And then they would get it like,
oh, wait a minute.
That's a terrible towel.
This has been promoted to Alexander's
no good, very bad, horrible towel.
Nobody liked this towel.
It's not getting invited back to the towel gathering.
Everybody's screaming at him like,
fuck you, Jerry.
And then Steve stands up and he's like,
no, he has the worst towel.
And everyone agrees
that they carry a model on their shoulders
and then they throw them in a dumpster.
Oh, God bless.
Maybe it catches on though.
And worst sporting trend of the year
goes to this guy for coming in towels.
Just, he's beaten out Vuvuzelas.
Congratulations.
Throwing batteries at people.
Those three trends, this is the worst one.
Oh, can you imagine not bringing your terrible,
terrible towel and your friends being like,
hey, do you not even care about the Steelers?
And you're like, no, I can't even begin to tell you
how much I care about the Steelers.
It's just my terrible towel.
You know how you're supposed to hold it in your hand
and spin it around.
Mine isn't, I don't want to be crass,
but it doesn't spin anymore.
How do you not have a towel, like two towels,
one for everyday use and one for special occasions?
Oh, okay, forget it.
No, what you said at the beginning is legit.
This is intentional.
You didn't just grab the one towel
that you fling around in circles in front of people
and not have that sort of like foresight.
Like, well, I mean, yeah, no, no,
that's not what happened.
Listen, this fucking, we can't un-jizz this towel.
It happened.
What happened happened.
You can't go back and be like,
why didn't you jizz into literally any other object
other than your sports activity?
Griffin, when was this question asked?
Do you have access to that information?
Let me dig in.
Let me crack into the CSS.
No, no, I don't.
Well, yes, seven years ago.
Oh, okay.
Do you think this person's a father by now?
They're a towel dad, that's for certain.
AJ responded and said, you have time to wash and dry it.
That's an excellent point, AJ.
That's a fucking great point, AJ.
Especially if you say that on a solo mission,
you could be done 30 minutes.
To be fair though, Steelers Jack did use the word stain.
Sorry, what was his name?
Steelers Jack.
Yeah, I didn't think about that one.
Listen, get a fucking Tide pen, Steelers Jack.
This is easy.
There's a million solutions.
What if you accidentally bleach your terrible towel
and it comes out white and now it's a holy towel?
You're gonna need more of like a Tide paintbrush.
You're gonna need a Tide roller.
You're gonna need a Tide garbage can.
You're gonna need a Tide gun from Splatoon.
Oh no, wait, I've got it.
I've got it, Steelers Jack.
You gotta go the other way.
You're gonna have to stain it worse with other stuff.
Oh my God.
Some spaghetti sauce, right?
And then you show up and your friend's like, what?
And you're like, it never leaves my side.
It is my spaghetti and also wankin' buddy.
I'm like, Arthur Dent over here.
That makes me happy, Travis.
I was worried you were gonna say
jerk off everybody else's towel.
That would take planning far outstripping the hour you've got.
That's a lot of Ocean's Eleven, you know,
getting past the censors to get to your friend's house.
Maybe if I had a Holocaust cloak, possibly,
with a month to plan, maybe.
We're talking about jerking off onto football towels
and you just dropped both Hitchhikers
and Princess Ride references and I'm super proud of you.
Thank you.
I do what I can.
Here's another question.
I work in a job that doesn't have set hours.
Most people come in around nine, leave around five.
I come in early around seven, I leave around three.
Give me a chart.
For some reason, a few of my coworkers
always feel the need to comment on the time I'm leaving work.
Oh, going home already?
How do I politely tell my coworkers to shut up
about the work hours I keep?
If it helps, I'm one of the most productive people
in the office.
Staying at work later doesn't make you better than me
in Salt Lake City.
Oh, that was their name, okay.
Staying later, you get the idea.
I think the easy answer is whenever they come in,
be like, oh, you're coming in now, huh?
Like give them the same treatment but on the AM side.
Oh yeah, to everybody.
To every fucking person.
Your boss, mm, nine o'clock, huh?
That's weird.
Oh, well, two hours of traffic?
We've all been there.
That's why I left at five AM.
You're gonna stay late, right?
You're gonna stay late because of how late
you're coming in, right?
Just a second.
I'm not the boss of you, but I am the most productive person
in the office, so.
Yeah, and that's how he got the name Franklin,
the total ding-dong that everybody hates.
This is rough though, because I get it,
because if you're the first person there at seven
and no one else shows up at nine,
those two hours don't exist to anyone else.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
They don't show up at nine and think,
I bet he's been here since seven.
You need to send out some Snapchats or something.
Yeah.
Something that's like, just got to work,
to everybody you work with.
Or set enough traps that there's no way
you could have done it without a couple hours of planning.
What are you, what?
Like, you know how, like, okay,
when the Wet Bandits showed up at Kevin's house-
Fuck me.
Can we go a single episode?
They did not think, oh man,
I bet he just got here five minutes ago.
That is my favorite part of Home Alone,
when the Wet Bandits take a step back
and they're like, listen, I hate this kid.
Fuck him.
Am I right?
Am I right?
Okay.
But wow, Ryan.
Wow.
Good traps.
Good traps.
He is doing great.
Hey, Kev.
Kevin, great traps.
It's me, Joe Pesci.
I'm a big fan of your traps.
The problem with most traps,
like, I'm saying if you set enough office traps,
they show up, they think,
God, he's been here for a couple hours, huh?
Definitely, like, he got here early.
That's one way, it's a way to prove
that you've been there for a while,
is to set up plenty of office traps.
The problem with office traps,
as I have, like, the ones that I know about,
there's very few that are guaranteed
to end the way you want them to.
Like, the thing about the bucket and the doorframe,
like, that probably ends with the bottom of a bucket
falling on somebody and killing them.
Like, definitely, that's how it ends
80% of the time, I would think.
The whoopee cushion, that has never worked.
Did you know whoopee cushion has never worked?
Yeah, because you sit on it
and your butt closes the lip part
and it's just like,
you're sitting on a weird balloon for a second.
And it just explodes.
You're sitting on a hemorrhoid donut.
It's miserable.
It doesn't work.
What about, like, a tiger pit?
Depends on where you work, I guess.
Yeah, that's a good point.
See, I think I would make such a good pit
in trying to cover it up with leaves and branches
that it would be like, fine.
Oh, that?
That patch of the break room
that's covered with leaves and branches?
That's been there for, I don't know, months.
But it could backfire,
because if you started and didn't finish
in the two hours before everyone else showed up
and they were like,
oh, couldn't get that tiger pit done, huh?
And then you just look like a real asshole.
Yeah, and if you leave at three that day,
they're like,
don't you want to finish your tiger pit first?
Aren't you going to finish the tiger pit, Dave?
Damn, Dave.
You didn't know you were a real half-asser, Dave.
A tiger's going to go hungry, Dave.
That's on you.
You're in danger.
Guess you're going to finish that one tomorrow, huh, Dave?
All right, see you at nine.
I love that Justin apparently thinks
that a tiger pit is a cool place
for tigers to eat and hang out and do whatever.
That's my favorite bar, the tiger pit.
I have to assume that,
because what kind of dumb, dumb shit are you suggesting
that he has tigers in his office that he's trying to capture?
Why would that be the case?
That's why he's got to leave early, before dinner.
Tiger dinner.
I would go to the zoo.
I don't want to be in there after three, man.
No, that's when the tigers come to life
and start talking to Kevin James.
That's why no one pulls graveyard shifts
at the Gremlin factory.
No one wants that gig.
Ugh, gross.
No way.
I don't want to be there.
Gremlin is a terrible slang term for Mogwai.
What?
Sorry?
What?
No, sorry, what?
I mean, they're called Mogwai.
Gremlin is the bad thing that they become.
It's offensive.
Okay, so here, okay, wait a minute.
Okay, so-
Wait a minute.
Okay, though, Travis, I think Travis has a point.
Thank you.
Their species remains constant.
They are still Mogwai.
Mogwai, they have a side of them
that we don't particularly care for.
Okay, okay.
And we just start using,
I mean, let's call it what it is, a slur against Mogwai.
So was this cryptozoological civics lesson delivered
in the special mushrooms cut of gremlins
that the two of you apparently watched together?
The bottom, if you could remove the letter box
from Night Around the Museum
or whatever preposition-
Night Within the Museum.
If you remove the letter box,
you would just see a Mogwai down there at the bottom
giving you a very thorough lecture about nomenclature
and the power of words to hurt you.
Yeah, don't use the G word, yeah.
Right.
I think it was called Ben Stiller's Museum Nights.
Well, I preferred the original Ben Stiller's Museum,
but I thought that the sequel was much sexier.
Yeah, way hotter.
Should we go to the fucking Money Zone?
Yeah, cool.
Y'all wanna hear about Blue Apron?
Y'all wanna hear me brag about the dope ass meals
I've been making with Blue Apron?
Did you make that steak, Sammy?
Yeah, oh, you know we made that steak, Sammy.
Yeah, that Sammy with a,
there was like a Sammy that had like onions and mushrooms,
which like, I'll tell you what,
I never ate mushrooms until I got-
Oh, same.
Like I enjoy a mushroom at a restaurant.
I never, ever cooked with them.
And then it was like the featured guy
in the last week of ingredients.
And it was like on point.
It was some good mushroom eating.
For less than $10 a meal,
Blue Apron delivers all the fresh ingredients
you need to create home-cooked meals.
You just follow the easy step-by-step instructions.
Okay, there, go, yes.
Yeah, it's an ingredient delivery service
and they have recipes and you get amazing,
really, really, really tasty meals.
I have a beef taco with mole that is still waiting for me.
I'm really, really excited.
Maybe I should bring that to the Super Bowl party
I'm going to today.
Just two tacos with mole and steak.
This is for me, thank you.
This is for me, please don't watch me eat this.
Please don't watch me eat this.
Coming up this week,
the meals this week are roast chicken supreme
with mashed potatoes, gravy, and maple-glazed carrots.
Spiced salmon with black rice, avocado,
and blood orange salad.
Fuck.
My goodness.
Steak sandwich with caramelized onions,
garlic aioli, and honey roasted parsnip fries.
Oh my God.
Miso honey roasted chicken and baby sweet potatoes
with stir fried sesame bok choy.
Jesus Christ.
And they've got vegetarian options as well.
Yeah, so no matter what your dietary preferences,
Blue Apron makes it a breeze to discover and prepare dishes
like the ones that we've been talking about.
Right in your own kitchen.
You don't have to go to somebody else's kitchen.
Here's a pro tip secret from Travis McElroy.
We get the ones that are like for two people,
for me and Teresa,
and there's always tons of leftovers.
This will be like your lunch the next day.
It's such a good deal.
Here's a pro tip for me.
Here's a pro tip for me.
No, there's not.
Oh, well.
Okay.
You can get your first two meals for free
at blueapron.com slash my brother.
That's blueapron.com slash my brother.
I know we like,
we're always very effusive about the products
we advertise on this show
because frankly they're all baller
and if they weren't, we wouldn't do it.
But Blue Apron has changed my life
because I am cooking constantly now
and I love to cook, but I hate shopping for shit.
And this is the ideal way to cook meals, Blue Apron.
Check it out.
I also want to tell you about Squarespace.
We've been talking about Squarespace.
Squarespace has been a sponsor of us for a long time.
But I could say that we built the macroshows.com website
on Squarespace.
It's got links to like all of our projects and stuff.
But the important part is everybody who looks at it,
no joke, has said, wow, what a professional website.
Like it looks so good.
Yeah, it's like a weird involuntary hive mind response.
Yeah, and I did it in about 45 minutes.
Like it was the most straightforward just structure.
It was so simple and so user-friendly.
I recommend it.
If you're looking to build a professional looking website,
but you have no idea what you're doing,
Squarespace is the way to go.
And if you are looking to start a project,
here's the good news, you can start your free trial today.
Try it for free and you don't have to pay anything to start.
And then if you like what you're doing,
trust me, you will, then you can worry about that.
But right now it's free.
Go to squarespace.com slash my brother.
My brother.
You should.
Squarespace.
I am.
You should.
Justin, can I tell you something?
Do it.
You should.
I...
You should Squarespace.
All right.
I'm just trying a couple of different reads
and we can just pick the best one.
I like it.
I have a message for Spud and it's from...
Don't laugh at that.
Okay.
It's from McBabby.
If you want to get a message on the show,
personal message or a message for your small business,
go to maximumfun.org slash Jumbotron.
It's real easy.
Stop sending weird shit.
They don't have to be weird, you guys.
They don't have to be weird.
We literally, just like a quick disclaimer,
we have turned down like two or three Jumbotron ads this week
and we hate doing it because like we know it's always like
in a good spirit, but just like,
please, I just need to be able to understand what I'm saying.
I mean, I'm less worried about that
and more worried about like, don't have a say like creepy stuff too.
Maybe 2015 is the year of Jumbotron sincerity.
Just like keep it real.
Just keep it very real.
That said.
Here's a message for Spud from McBabby.
This is a very sincere message.
Hey Spud, happy belated birthday.
Thanks for being a good friend, always believing me
and not murdering me when we finally met.
Talk to you later.
I like this a lot.
I like this concept of just like,
listen, we're all just a bunch of fucking primal beasts, aren't we?
I love this idea of just like,
hey guys, thanks for not murdering me.
Well, maybe this was one of those Craigslist friendships.
Sure.
Yeah, friend for friend.
Friend for friend, looking for friend.
And then it's like, oh, I hope this person is actually my friend.
Absolutely, absolutely not looking for somebody just to jerk off with.
Absolutely not what this is.
Don't even bring it up.
Sexual friend for friend, no stabbing, please.
No stabbing, no games.
Stabbers need not apply.
Justin, you gonna read this next one?
Hell yeah.
This one's going out to Amanda from, that's a fucking cool name.
Yeah, for sure.
I thought I was reading one name,
then halfway through I thought I was reading another one.
It's like, mm, daddy like.
So daddy like, Amanda, this message is from Jackie.
Here it is.
Dear Amanda, I'm sorry for getting high
and taking your shit in the monastery.
Dad, I didn't know where I was and I got confused.
Thank you for cleaning me up.
I know I was totally wasted and I owe you one.
Thanks for letting me live in your house too.
No one could ever love me like you.
That says, love always, Jackie.
What happened?
I choose to believe that this is 100% sincere.
I love that.
I'm into that.
I believe it is sincere.
Or possibly is a message that Amanda bought for herself
from her dog, Jackie.
That is my other possible option.
You know when dogs get super high and they take shit places?
Well, the second half of that happens.
And I assume dogs are getting high too
because like, how else are they getting through?
Hello there, my name is Graham Clark.
And I'm Dave Shumka.
And together we host a podcast called Stop Podcasting Yourself.
This is a file that you download from the internet
and then you listen to it in your pod.
What's that about, you ask?
Well, who are you to ask?
Who do you think you are?
Yeah, get lost, bozo.
We're a couple of stand up comedians
in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
And every week we bring a guest on the show.
Sometimes they're Canadian.
Sometimes they're not.
Sometimes they're a ghost.
It's like you're sitting in on a friendly afternoon chat.
Plus we're Canadian, so you get a tax break.
You can find us on iTunes or online at MaximumFun.org.
Do you guys want a yahoo?
Yes.
I guess I do.
I have two extremely good ones and I want to get to both of them.
Can I have, do we have any like,
are the rest of the email questions like totally baller
or can I do two yahoo's in a row?
Scraps, what do you say?
They're all pretty good, but we can do yahoo's
and then just save them for next week.
I can also save the yahoo's for next week.
This one was-
Let's just see how it goes.
This one was sent in by Jacob Powels.
Thank you, Jacob.
It is by Yahoo Answers user Vanessa who asks,
three mysterious stones at my front door?
Today I got home and saw that there were three stones
lined up at my front door.
This is the second time I've seen something like this at my door.
Does anyone know what this could be or mean?
I've asked my family and no one seems to know how it got there.
Pirate curse?
Explain.
Like a black spot?
Like this is, I don't think it's the same as the black spot
because the black spot is like,
hey, you betrayed us and now we have to kill you.
Yeah, it's also a black spot.
Maybe the three stones is like,
you've been chosen as the new pirate.
You got chose.
You done been chose.
Hi, I'm a pirate and you got chose.
You're on my team now.
Welcome to the squad, squad goals.
Have you ever seen Wild and Crazy Kids?
Yeah.
You know how they have teams?
Well, that's based on pirate teams.
The old tradition.
The concept of people working together?
It's based on pirate teams.
Pirates were the first people to be like-
They used to get together and roll like a giant stone around
while they were festooned with ribbons
and you could only get the ribbons by killing each other.
Well, they soften that a bit.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
Travis, Travis, Travis, are you literally high right now?
Are you literally on acid?
Did you drop right before we started recording
this comedy podcast together?
No, not that I know of.
Because you've been saying some next level shit.
It's 8.55 AM, more Travis's.
That's correct.
I've had my morning coffee, I took the dog on a walk
and I thought about pirate teams.
Travis, just so I can understand what you're saying.
You're saying that one day a pirate was sword fighting
with a British naval officer and another pirate came up
from behind and stabbed the British naval officer
and he was like, how dare you?
What is this witchcraft?
I was fighting him, not you.
And then the first pirate's like, well, I gotta go
and he jumps onto his pirate ship and sails it by himself.
Like fuck, this sucks.
Oh my God, it's so hard.
I'm jigging the mast and I have to steer
and I have to look out for sharks and whales.
Oh, I wish I could get some fucking help.
You know the term every man for himself?
Yeah, okay.
That was it for a long time.
That was it.
The bible was very short.
One day, Donnie Jeff Coats, great, great, great, great, great,
great, great, great, great, great grandfather,
Captain Jeff Coat said, you know what, fuck that shit.
It's a coach made out of Jeffs.
The Jeffs that I killed.
So that they may not see me, Jeff.
I don't know where to stab him.
He's just, he's all Jeff.
He's just Jeff from Fern to Mast.
He's just fucking Jeff all over, I don't get it.
From starboard to port, he's all Jeff.
What?
He's Jeff from tip to toe.
That's crazy.
Every time I think I draw a bead on a Jeff,
another Jeff takes its place.
I've lopped off so many Jeffs.
Okay, are we gonna talk about the three stones
or is this the discussion now?
Captain Jeff Coat?
Yeah.
Probably Jeff Coats great, great grandfather.
Or how many greats was it?
There's a lot of greats, yeah.
Too many greats.
I think you put him in like the middle class.
Yeah, each one lives to be 12, has a child, and dies.
If you see the dread pirate robber,
if you see an 11 and a half year old named Jeff
looking panicked and horny, that is a Jeff Coat.
No question about it.
Yeah, for sure.
He has got to continue the line.
Like a tsetse fly.
The show Wild and Crazy Kids was about Donnie Jeff Coat
trying to find a successor that was savage enough
and also 12 enough.
The most wild and the most crazy kid.
What are these three stones mean?
All right, let's do this back to back Yahoo situation.
This one was sent in by Brooks Oglesby.
Brooks Oglesby maybe needs a name.
Because this is like the third or fourth one of his
that I've read.
We'll think about it.
Okay.
We'll have it for the next time.
Thank you, Brooks.
It's by Yahoo Answers User Anonymous who asks,
do you think we'll ever have an emo president?
Imagine a president of the United States.
Skinny jeans, long emo hair, all that jazz.
Well, what do you think, teens?
First of all, I don't think jazz is a big part of the emo scene.
Oh, but if it were.
Oh, but if it were.
Your lips to God's ears.
Dark jazz is.
What's that?
Dark jazz.
That's what emo kids are into, dark jazz.
Yeah.
So it's just like, with like, you know, onyx trumpets and stuff.
So hold on.
No.
Dark jazz is all about the zeal for life that they don't have.
Yeah.
It's all about the notes that you don't play because you're dead.
Yeah.
I liked mine better, Travis.
Yeah.
Let's pretend it was just-
Yeah, go ahead and cut mine.
Just cut Travis's.
You're out.
Do you think we'll ever have that emo president that our country deserves to make us all great again?
Vote for me or don't.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Shut up.
At this point, at this point, I might think about it.
Hey, that's very low press.
I'm into it.
Yeah.
If someone was up on that stage, a big, beautiful, honorable, debating stage,
but they had that long emo hair and the jeans would be very skinny on this person.
How skinny?
Talking about some nuthuggers.
Okay.
You asked.
I know.
Do you think that we would find him especially electable?
I would find him delectable, but would I find him electable?
Do you know what we love in this country, Griffin?
Change.
We love change.
We embrace it.
We just look for something different.
I'm sick of those insider baseball politicians who they've been doing it all wrong for so long,
and I'm ready for somebody who's going to get up there and tell me how it is in a depressing manner.
But honest.
Honest.
Honest, but more depressing.
Like a depressing-
Can a whole emo band run for president?
Like, hi, I'm President Newfound Glory.
Is that a new found glory?
An emo band?
Yeah.
Well, they were pop punk, but they had, you know, they were in the scene.
But they weren't Christian pop punk?
Okay, that's fine.
Fall Out Boy then.
Hi, I'm President-
Fall Out Boy is not emo.
You don't actually know an emo band scene.
Dashboard Confessional?
That's definitely in there.
Could we elect an emu president?
Hi, everybody.
I'm an emu, and we all vote for him, and we're like, fucking, that's so funny and cool.
He got an emo, and then the emu's like,
hey, big news, I have some decidedly draconian opinions on abortion.
Like, whoa, emu, oh no.
We thought it was so funny and cool that we elected an emu president,
but you have some decidedly draconian opinions on abortion.
We did not pay any attention to his platform.
We didn't think about the platform.
Only his long, graceful neck.
We just thought about how graceful he would look in an Oval Office.
How great those future stamps would be.
Just the best stamps.
Wouldn't it be great?
Wouldn't it be so fucking funny, though?
You know that one where it's like rows of presidents,
like you see like those charts, right?
With like the different paintings of the presidents,
and like his would just be a neck,
and then just like reaching up into Lyndon Baines Johnson
would be an emu head.
Because he didn't fit in the frame.
So fucking funny.
Our first three-term president.
Yeah, because you cannot get him to leave.
He's incredibly fast and incredibly vicious.
And he's got those kicking legs.
Yeah, those kicking legs with the sharp claws.
We'll have to elect President Ostrich to take him down.
Because that's the only thing?
Yeah.
I bet you let me in there with a gun.
You would think, but he took all our guns away.
Not mine.
I hid it.
Where'd you hide it, Garvin?
In a box.
He just like can't get in there.
No thumbs.
No thumbs.
Sharp claws.
So I was saying like-
You're talking about emus?
I was talking about emos.
But then you realize we knew less about emo
than we do about emus, improbably?
That's true.
Against all odds.
That's-
This question stinks.
You stink.
Read a normal one from a normal human.
Wikipedia says that emus, in addition to their diet of insects,
emus drink infrequently.
And I kind of feel like that maybe isn't necessarily a good thing.
Maybe they should like,
if they had magazines to tell them to drink more,
maybe they'd be getting ahead in the world, you know?
You're saying they're just not-
That's really good, Justin.
Yeah, they're not hydrated enough to really be president?
Are you guys thirsty?
Yeah.
Well, whatever.
That's what I'm saying is like emus should be drink-
Maybe if emus were drinking more, they'd be doing a bit better.
All right.
Can we-
Okay.
And have more energy in their day-to-day lives.
But you know how no emu has ever accomplished anything ever?
Yeah, right?
Like maybe they would be president
if they would just fucking just keep a brita with them.
Just like-
Or get some electrolytes or something.
Found it, you know?
You could drink green tea.
That's hydrating as well.
Yeah, and like it's not as caffeinated as black tea,
so like you can still go to bed on time.
This is episode 289.
We've done this 288 and almost one extra on top of that times now.
Yeah.
Is this our most fanciful episode?
I feel like we've gone on some fancy flights on this one.
Some flights of fancy,
just some fucking absurdist like mind voyages together.
Yeah.
Yeah, and mentioning that during the podcast
is one way to really submit your comedic legacy.
You know, I love my favorite episodes of MST3K
are the ones where in the last 15 minutes or so
they take the puppets off and they just talk to each other about like,
how did you guys think the jokes went today on this one?
And they sometimes they still use their hands
to talk with the puppet voices,
but like the puppets, they're not wearing them anymore.
They're just like, they just talk about how the show went.
Okay, but Justin, even that is a pretty fanciful thought.
I mean, the one I just said?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's kind of whimsical.
Are we trapped in like a fanciful spiral?
Say something, Griffin.
Say something logical, Griffin.
Okay, I can't.
I'm incapable of it.
I like in the Monty Python
when they switch from the dead parrot skit
they have one of their famous transitions
to like one of those cartoons and it's just God's face.
Like, hey listen guys,
I think this one might be got a little bit much.
Oh my God, they do say the bits are gotten too silly.
Monty Python does comment on how their shit is going.
Is that what we need to aspire to?
Yeah, no, yeah.
I don't want, yeah.
I don't want like a bunch of people quoting Monty Python jokes
that is supposed to be out in a major way.
Oh man, RIP Twitter indeed.
I know, I definitely can't go on there.
No, no, no.
It's just a landmine.
Pull the cord, get out.
Get out.
How many birds can carry a pilot?
Get me out of here.
I'll see you guys at Peach.
Look at my silly walking.
Yeah, I'm headed to Peach.
No, no, no.
Blast off.
Get me out of here, JGL.
We have a nice to say night.
No, I'm an L-O.
I can't hear anywhere but we heard L-O.
I'm done.
This has been our comedy podcast,
My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
It's an advice show for the modern era.
Want to say a big thank you to Blue Apron
who makes cooking at home easy
and get your first two meals for free
by going to blueapron.com slash my brother.
I would like, I have an impassioned plea.
It occurred to me this morning.
I was on Twitter.
If you wield any power on Twitter at all,
even base level, at Twitter Incorporated,
I would really like to be verified.
I don't know what that takes,
but this has gone on for too long.
Yeah, Justin and I have been in the verified club for a while.
And let me tell you, the golden trophies
we just get in the mail for no reason
if Twitter likes our shit,
it's actually getting ridiculous.
I just started throwing them away
because there's only so much shelf space in the house.
I want that.
I want that.
I want that.
I have a whole shelf for it, please.
I could send you some online.
Please let me be verified, please.
I want it so bad.
It means literally nothing
and it gets you nothing on a platform that is now dead
because 100% of our interactions are gonna be,
it's a man-eating rabbit, snee.
Snee, it's me, Monty.
I still want it, still want it.
Cool.
Go listen to all the other Maximum Fun shows.
There's a ton of really, really great shows
on the Maximum Fun network.
I'm talking about shows like Throwing Shade.
I'm talking about shows like Oh No, Ross and Carrie.
I'm talking about shows like Can I Pet Your Tongue?
Oh No, Ross and Carrie, by the way, just did Scientology.
Yeah, which they've been working on forever.
I cannot wait.
Yeah, so yeah, there's that.
We have a bunch of our other stuff.
You can find it all at McElroy Shows.
I do a Bachelor podcast with my wife called Rose Buddies.
I do a new, just launched two episodes in,
a video game design podcast called Cool Games, Inc.
I do one with my wife that we just launched
called Schmanners, all about etiquette.
Our third episode was all about conversation etiquette.
And I know that we've had lots of people ask questions
to my brother, my brother, and me about like,
how do I small talk?
Yeah, it's all there.
How do I talk to people?
And we cover a lot of that in there.
So go check it out.
And then also, I'm very proud to announce
that the Things I Bought at Sheets is back.
It's long hiatus.
And better than fucking ever.
Your last episode is a fucking barn burner.
Thank you.
Thank you, Griffin.
It was really an emotional journey when she recorded.
I'm glad it really-
It made me laugh a lot.
Oh, God.
Well, that's-
It made me think a lot.
Thank you, Travis.
That's what we were going for.
Sheetswithazshow.com.
Go to macroshows.com, baby.
Yeah, it's all there, it's all there, it's all there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's all there.
I wanna thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
He's a sweet man.
And his tunes really shred.
And he's a very tall man.
He's a tall, sweet man.
So you should listen to his music.
Y'all want that final yahoo?
Yes, please.
This one was sent in by Zoe Kinski.
Climb that ladder.
Oh, just a few more rungs.
Oh, oh, get in there.
Thank you, Zoe.
It's by Yahoo Answers users.
Sorry, something has gone wrong.
His avatar looks like a zwingy cartooned version
of Neo from the Matrix.
I'm gonna call him Neo from the Matrix.
Asks, is it possible to use science from weird science
to make Aaron E-surance real?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
Hello, internet.
I'm Travis McElroy.
And I'm Theresa McElroy.
She is my wife.
And he's my husband.
And it is our pleasure to introduce to you
a brand new podcast.
Shmanners.
It's extraordinary etiquette.
For ordinary occasions.
Theresa, let me ask you this.
Can you teach me how to write a thank you note?
Yes, I can.
How about tips to improve my table manners?
I'll do my best.
And will you finally explain to me the difference
between casual and business casual
and cocktail and formal and black tie and all that stuff?
If anybody can, I can.
But like, it's going to be funny, right?
Of course.
I'm going to give historical origins
and how those manners fit into our everyday lives.
How could it not be funny?
But also, sometimes we'll talk about burps and farts, right?
Yeah, when not to.
But we'll still talk about it.
Yes.
Great.
So come join us for our new hilarious show.
No, RSVP required.
Coming to you soon every Friday on Maximumfun.org.
It's Shmanners.
Manners, Shmanners.
Get it?
