The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me and advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother big dog
Travis McElroy and I'm your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy, you know here at my brother
My brother and me industries. Yeah, the word of the day the word of the year the word of the business is of course
Innovation we're always looking for new ways to help you the listener
Slash consumer and for a while there it was get you said at the beginning of the year. It was skin ovation and me
innovation and just like what's that and you were like poly weave fibers
Nano fiber weave on your skin that makes you bulletproof and swordproof and we were like, that's that's not real bud
Yeah, but then you guys just brought me a lot about nudity like a lot
New kinds of nudity internal nudity. Yeah, you spelled it in
EWD which I liked don't get me wrong. I like that, right?
This time I figured out a new question and I think will help us
Answer questions for advice and maybe help the people at home and it's simple and that question is this
What a sign help and I was going through the question list today, right?
I was making it and I thought how often that could be, you know
There's like flow charts of answers. They have we're just like, you know, is it this if yes
Then this if no then this right and I think that we could ask would a sign help and that will be a good starting
Okay, a lot of questions like a sign like a billing vault situation or I mean listen
I don't want to limit what kind of sign it could be a billboard. It could be a traffic sign
Oh, just like a written poster board thing. Okay, but if we can start from would a sign help?
We can build off of that and give ourselves a bit more of a foundation a foundation of rock if you will instead of sand
Okay, I feel we've been in the past. It sounds like maybe you just watched them that three billboards outside Bing bong, Wisconsin and
You know
I certainly that's not the title of it. I haven't watched two billboards yet. So I don't want to get there. Yeah. Yeah, you don't like it
Damn that would have been a good joke with that film was relevant a few years
I know right? Oh boy. Oh boy
As a short movie too because it's just Frances McDormand and she's already sweaty for putting up the first billboard and she puts it up
She's like damn this
I'm still not satisfied roll credits. Yeah, I gotta get some more billboards
I'm gonna need at least one more this first one says fuck Woody Harrelson and the next one says for real though
But I feel like I need a third one. That's like for real though
And then well, I'm waiting for four billboards where the fourth one just says you just missed those last three billboards
Yeah, that was time to turn around and go back
Does Francis McDormand's awesome billboard slamming Woody Harrelson work just did say something like that?
I I wish I have more I wish people did that to Woody Harrelson all the time for different reasons all over the cut
Oh, that's good. I wish it wasn't just his character. I wish it was like about another zombie land Woody. Yeah, Woody
Hey, hey Woody make a third zombie land. I didn't watch the second one cuz I want to watch the trilogy
Yeah one setting. Yeah
I'm gonna show him back to back in the movie theaters, you know, yeah, I was just intended house map
And Matt McConaughey do a bud and you put it right outside his house not Matt McConaughey's house, but yeah
Is Matt McConaughey gonna be your governor? Matt McConaughey would be I would say a step up
Maybe not the ideal candidate for the job
But right now the candidate for the job who has the job is a real stinker
So a bucket of what hamburgers push down a flight of stairs would be a better governor than you got right now
That's not an unfair
Comparison, it's not an unfair thing to say
but yeah, I mean I
Shit, man, if that's what if that's the way we go if that's the way we go with it
I can but can we talk about?
How it directly affects this program. Yeah, if Matt McConaughey becomes your
Official governor he's basically it should be noted already the governor of Huntington
Yeah, cuz he made a movie about Marshall here and he's 12 years ago. I think yeah, like a hundred years ago
He's now all of her dad. Yeah, but like if he becomes your the governator over there, you know, well, we wouldn't call him that
Yeah, but like what happens to this program my brother my brother be if if frequently there's something going on where Matt
McConaughey is your
Governor, I mean, I'm just worried that it's gonna eat up his time to make car commercials and stuff
Like when he'll get down
That Lincoln money that Lincoln my spins Austin's got beautiful rolling hills for
Lincoln lawyer that Lincoln was like
Okay, it's at least how it started okay, they he thinks he's still filming the movie. Yeah, he's like wins out of Lincoln lawyer sequel
Good arrive. All right
Lincoln lawyer 2 comes out if you haven't watched all the Lincoln car commercials ARG
You're gonna have missed out on a lot
To follow the hunt of the car of the man behind the wheel
Org yeah for it slash Matt McConaughey for gov
with four V's the adventure begins
He gets there and at the end you win a coupon for a free scoop of Baskin Robbins. Yeah, which is nice. I
Hope he has your vote. I don't know. He's but can I be honest? I don't know
Politics don't know this platform doesn't matter. He's Matthew McConaughey. I can fill in the blanks a lot. Yeah, I
bet he's part of the
green party
You know what? I hope he's not a member of all right. All right. All right. All right
Fuck it took a while to get there
Yeah, see you sign out. Yep. You're right. I'm an artist lately. I've been studying architecture as a hobby
Oh, I live within biking distance. That's cool. Yeah, it's cool. Badass
didn't it seem like that would be that's one that I wish I could sit down for like an hour and
Be able to point at buildings to be like, hmm neoclassical. Oh, right, right, right
Oh, that'd be cool. Now. Here's the thing Justin. Can I tell you something?
99% of time you can do that
Because the person you're talking to chances that they know if you're right or wrong very slam
But I'd know and that's gonna that's not gonna boost my confidence
On the street and be like, oh, that's a big one. Oh, yeah
It would be like if imagine the time I've spent learning about Disney World was applied to the real world. Oh, yeah
Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Imagine if the way I am when we walk around Disney World
I'm like, you know
That's actually the is the the the letters on that window advertising that fake business are actually reference to one of the original
Lawyers of the Disney World team imagine if I was like that but like for like smart shit like
That's how an architect feels when they're walking around Disney with you and they're like, why did I waste time?
I'm learning about architecture. I could have learned about Disney like Justin does he so cool
It'd be so good. It's got architecture in it too is the problem
Yeah, I mean and very rarely does architecture have Disney in it
Just imagine walking around Chicago and pointing out the big buildings and be like, hmm. Yeah, that's a mid-century David Hyde Pierce
Man remind me to tell you guys about the email we got about Frazier's theme song. No. No, I know
I live within biking distance of a couple of old
Architecturally interesting weird houses and I would love to sit and draw them and take some notes on the architectural features
However, I don't think this would endear me to the occupants very much
How can I complete my self-directed studies without coming off as a huge creep? That's some suspicious student in Stony Brook
Okay, can I ask a stupid question? Yeah, and it's very obvious. So it must be like a stupid. Yeah, like why?
What is the I don't know. I don't do like this kind of art. I'm more of an audio artist
Yeah, how how does why can't you just take a picture then draw based on the picture good question
So I actually in college as part of a scene design class
we had to go and like draw buildings on campus and it's about like angles and getting the right like
Getting the right perspective so that you can pair lines
Yes compared to other things and changing your point of view and shit like that. Yeah
And with so you got to kind of do it. Well with the photo you don't always get the depth
Oh, yeah, there should be a way to like have photos that like fucking move. Yeah, so you can like get the
Well, that's also not as fun
That's you know, it's not as fun. It's also not gonna get you put into artist jail
Yeah, just where we put people who do art. Well, so here's the question. Yeah, what a sign help
That sign you just had a sign set up next to you. Hey, wait a minute now wait
This is a good question to start asking if you put up a sign that said basically like
Doing our building artist over here
Yeah
Building our building artist ask me anything and then a little hat because I think people are more comfortable if commerce is involved
Wait, you're just doing this to make yourself happy. No this I will drop
Okay, I got I got I got I got it
You sit down. Uh-huh. You get your pad your pen a cup of joe and then you start drawing the houses, right?
Yes, and then you have a sign that says I will draw
This building for $5. Yeah, and if someone comes over and they're like, here's $5. You just be like choice
Thanks. Here's the building on it working on it. I'm on it
I'm working on it and they'll be like should I come back later for my drawings like, you know, get the drawing
I'm just I'm drawing. Yeah, baby. $5. I'm drawing. You're not offering anything. I'm asked. Yeah, and you don't get
It doesn't matter if anyone ever does it because you never see a kid like a caricature
Artist is always you see him as sometimes a dizzy world and caricature artists is always sketching something
Yeah, you never show you of course
But they don't just sit there and stare at you and so like you hey, you've got a great chin for caricature
Come on over like they're working on stuff. You're always interrupting a caricature
I think that it's weird how many times a caricature wait, wait, wait, wait, both of you are talking at once Griffin
You had a question. Do you think what's your question?
Do you think that there are caricature artists and that's the ones that do house drawings, but they do them all
Exaggerated and silly like the windows wicked big regret. I regret coming to you Griffin
Now we're going to hear what Travis had excellent
Do you think it's really frustrating when you're like Beyonce and you sit down at a caricature artist and the caricature artist finishes and Beyonce's?
Like I'll take that please and the character artist is like no, this is really good
I'm gonna put it up to display my talent and Beyonce just has to walk away without her drawing
But I don't think that Beyonce usually does sit for those kinds of yeah
But they always have one of Beyonce don't they some point she wants to come by got terminator
They got Beyonce because this Travis has just explained is an excruciating detail
You can't draw based on a picture of Beyonce. Correct. You got to have
That's why they look like they do
They're like, oh no, the perspectives all wrong. Her head is trying it wouldn't it be so funny
If Charlie Chaplin walked up and he was like, I'll take that one of me. That's really good
That's me, sir
I'll purchase and then go also
Why did you draw me knowing this and then fucking Gilbert Godfrey walks by and drops off a picture of himself?
That is just with those same one picture that every caricature artist has he's just walking around the country dropping those off
Like Johnny Appleseed
He drew them himself and he's like you can display this as your work. I'm like, I guess
Okay, if you're outside somebody's house drawing it would assign help and this but the sign says like hey
I'm not jerking off out here. You
Guaranteed nothing everything is aboveboard. I'm just sketching for a non
jerk off
Publication promise promise promise to the max, but damn it. Somebody could wear that sign that
And be jerking that is gonna plan on doing that. Well, this is that this is one of the intricacies of the question
What a sign help because yeah, like if you just wrote I'm drawing the house, right?
That's not as bad as I'm drawing the house Steven Johnson who lives in it. Yeah now
Now it's weird. Now. It's a problem. We need to get these signs notarized
Yeah, you need a sign that says hey, I'm not jerking off down here
And then there's like two signatories on the bottom and like a seal from the mayor. That's like, yep
He's not he's not jerking off out here. He's just drawing. I promise trust me. I'm the mayor
How about another question? Yes, I know this is unorthodox. Okay
But why not? Okay. Well, I would actually can I do this wiki how article cuz let me tell you something about this fucking website guys
Let me tell you something. Let me get well, no, but let me that was so much wasted
Oh, no, but listen, I gotta tell you something about this website. It uses
more
fucking RAM on my
considerably beefy rig then
Ableton then the 90 audacity windows. I have open then I could be running fucking Halo 9 on this PC or
I'm on my computer and it would fucking not use as much RAM as wiki
How my fan is screaming cuz it's like look at all these poor images
So I want to finish this and close this so that the audio will be better. Is that okay? Okay. Okay good
I I found this one on wiki how and it's about
Cat behavior communicating with cats, which is okay a rich rich vein on wiki
How I think it's maybe just cuz people like to draw kitties and the title of the article is how to apologize to a cat. Thank
apologize to a cat
Step one is my cat's birthday and I've been wondering. Oh, well, this is gonna be great for you
This is more about like I accidentally, you know
You know bumped into him in the middle of the night and pissed him off or whatever
I rubbed there for the wrong way because I've never touched a cat before
So more physical sliding and not so much emotional exactly determine the offense
What did you do to make your cat matters you make fun of her?
Fucking oh, okay. Wait
You're back in. Yeah, if you offend your cat by making fun of her, you'll probably have to offer some treats and praise
yeah, your cats definitely
Understands English enough to say like your butthole stinks. Mr. Chis Chisker's
Chisker's and then
You gotta choose a good time to apologize if the cat's angry not now approaching to see me busy
If the cat's busy not right now, it's Steven. I'm on the phone
This is an important call. Yeah, I told now it's even worse
Listen, don't approach too soon cuz you might get scratched but don't wait too long
To apologize because cats definitely will think about that stuff
You can approach a frightened cat but do so with caution. I'm I'm not busy right now
But I'm fucking terrified
It's okay. I'm sorry. I was just listening to creepypasta. I don't have time
I'm listening to creepypasta on the internet Steven, please
Walk slowly to the cat. Don't rush up on it. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Don't do that
Don't do that soft gentle talk to your cat. Tell her I'm sorry. You may even use your cat's name
It will not understand either of those things I bet but try blinking slowly cuz cats love that shit
Jackson galaxy Jackson slowly be be clear slow as you can
Slow as you can Jackson galaxy taught that to the world back in like 2007 and every it's the only thing people remember about cats
Stroke your cat gently in her favorite spots
My cat's fucking terrified and I ran up on it real fast, but I know exactly where I touched this little guy
So it's okay scratch behind the ear behind the cheek. It's all good
Play with the cat. These are all good things. Give the cat some attention praise and compliment your cat
Give your cat what he or she wants within reason
Okay into something. Yeah, my car
My cat fucking hates the way I talked about it's stinky, but but I am gonna give it a hundred thousand dollars
I am gonna give it one night where it rules the house
It eats food in the kitchen and I have to shit in its bad box
Here's one thing I know about cats is that levels are very important so I cat trees are a thing
Yeah, so it's a way of cast to show like they're more important than other cash
So when you're apologizing your cat lay down flat on your belly with your arms of your side and kind of inch forward a little
Bit yeah cat knows that you're putting it above you
So then we have four entire sort of paragraphs here where the wiki how article artists was like J
Jonah Jameson was like I need fucking I need 18 column inches and they're like, oh shit
Well, here's four tips that are all variations on give your cat a treat
Give a treat to your cat leave a cat treat surprise for your cat add treats to your cat's food
Treat your cat with some special food. Good. Good. Good. Now, hold on. I want to go back to number two
Yeah, the problem is if you leave a surprise treat somewhere, it might not associate that treat with you. No, awesome
I'm having a shit day. Steven's been a real jack-off
Tried to run up on me blinked too fast. What's this talked about my butthole talked about my asshole didn't even apologize. What's this?
What's this? What's this a special surprise unrelated to Steven offer some dried catnip. Okay
Hey, yes, I'm not man enough to apologize to my sweet. Mr
Chiskers, but I won't get him fucking fucked up and then maybe when he's in that state he will be more amenable to apologize
Yeah, what'd you do Steven? You talked about my asshole. I don't even remember man
You joke at that, but this is the thing humans do to other humans
Like I'm gonna take you out to a drink to apologize
I think humans do to other humans and then y'all watch the tail
Oh my god, if the tail is pointed up with the tip curled to the side that cat's okay to come
I'm poofed up cat the cat's frightened which as we learned earlier in the article not entirely a deal breaker if he's thumping it though
No, no, no walk right away walk. What if his tail?
Makes the perfect shape of a question mark. Yeah
Mmm, that means he's got a puzzle for you. Follow
Follow the cat and don't stop following it until you've reached the puzzle cuz it's somewhere look at the face
That's helpful. Are the whiskers pointed teeth Baird and nose wrinkled. That's the 101 angry cat stuff
So don't do that things angry if anything did that I'm like, that's a problem
Yeah
Now I want to hop down to the community Q&A because someone asked is there a quick and easy way to apologize for little things?
Which is fucking awesome. You've read this whole article and you're like, that's too much time. I can't approach a cat slowly
I'm a businessman on the go. I got stocks to trade and houses to close on
I can't I can't walk up on my cat slow and then blink slow. I'm not made of time or money
You can just say sorry cat name in sweet apologetic voice and pet them gently on the spot
They like so sort of a condo. That's the only two points on this list that really matter
Do you think it's just generating like if you're still clicking through?
It'll just keep making question. Hey, there's like an AI that's like generating answers like do another one about treats
Yeah, they're still clicking
I just took my cat to the vet and they had to give him a shot now
He's mad at me and scared me
What do I do now you fucking say to the cat like, I'm sorry. I don't want you to fucking get a heart disease. Mr
Chisker's yeah
You can be pissed off at me if you want because I gave you an expensive shot
So you don't die from cats diseases of which mr. Chisker's I will say there are thousands and
Sometimes they sound fucking made up by the vet who's just trying to sell you men. Oh you shots. Yeah. Sorry, mr
Chisker's that I love you so much. I don't want you to fucking die at age five and grateful shit
How does here's a wiki article?
How does my cat apologize to me for being a real shit after I gave it medicine?
So it doesn't die from a lung disease of which there are thousands for cats how to make my cat understand responsibility
Yeah, you raise it actually pretty good point about vets. I'm kind of worried about that now cuz like think about it
It's the worst. It's kind of like with the other mechanic and he's like you need a new Farberator
Yeah, it's like I don't think I did. I don't trust you. I'm going to drive away now
I'd see what happens and roll the dice and the check-in July comes on in like a week
Yeah, that's right. If that happens with your pet then that's that's no good. You don't like that
That's a good cast don't have a check-in July, you know what I mean?
They just have shoebox and and and so it's like you I don't how do you trust your vet?
Cuz they do don't they understand it way better than you do. This is awesome. You just gotta do whatever they say
We're being honest chances are for a change. My dogs are in cahoots with that vet the dog a little bit
I go in and the vets like oh, yeah
No, he's got a bad case of kibble cough or whatever. That'll be $500 and then he slips my dogs and treats
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, your your parakeet is getting its beak wet on this
Involved it's so cool that we can be on the ground floor of this like anti-vax but for animals move
But like it seems like not really. No, it doesn't seem like
Then you have to make it all Griffin gotta get political
God Griffin, it's always getting political. What's next Griffin?
You and the vets are gonna team up to write us
Emails and talk about how kibble coffee is real and it's very bad and it cost $500
Wait, are you involved? No, no
All I goes all the way to the top of big podcast listen
Listen, I know what I just said, but I do and I I love our nation's vets
But but only our nation's vets and let me just say though. It is weird how it's always $500
Special food. Uh-huh. They're like, oh no, he's got double butt worms. That's 500 big ones. That's like shit
I just paid you 500 big ones
Sometimes we get emails and tweets that we don't deserve and I make it very clear to people
It was it's my dad and my therapist and my wife. I said I did not deserve this tweet
No, Justin you did not deserve it. You did not deserve the tweet. You did not deserve the mean email people
You don't you boys don't deserve it. You're trying your best. I feel like this past five minutes
One of those yeah, I get it. It's one of those times when we're gonna get the tweets
So we're gonna get the emails and we're gonna say yeah. Yeah this one
This one. Yeah, we were just kind of we knew
We knew it we deserve the tweets now and I guess I would say Lord I apologize
Maybe we can flip it in the end cuz I don't know that we said anything like
Fully like that identifies it when we said that we weren't talking about veterans. So maybe we oh, yeah
Yeah pin it on veterans and say like, yeah, I don't know why veterans always are charging
to fix our pets
Okay
Currently I am do you think there's any veterans who went on to be veterinarian? That's gotta be good. That's funny, right?
They probably didn't firm people and then people want to check them out to see if they're any good
So you're vetting the vet vet?
one more
Then and then okay, we're gonna wait and then he's selling his Corvette and you want to check out and see if it's any good
So you're vetting the vet vets vet?
You got there. Thank you. Thank you
And he named a bet middler. So you're vetting the vet vets vet bet
All right, you're vetting the vet vet vets bet you should have stopped at four
There's not a comedy rule. It's when I started cheating. That's when I started cheating to change the letter
Yeah, change the letter
Currently I'm sitting in the stretching area of my gym sounds disorienting
There's no earthly way. Welcome to the stretching area. Why don't you touch the ceiling? Oh you can't, there it goes.
Welcome to taffy town
We've belabored this enough so that even our dullest listeners can get on it now
Get it. I had a cor- this non-joke
I had a quarter in my pocket and I just looked over to see my quarter rolling across the floor
Landing against the stretching mat of the girl closest to me who is like five feet away
My quarter is leaning up against her mat. She hasn't noticed
Brothers, do I cut my losses and leave my quarter or do I ask her for it back and try to explain that my quarter
Rolled out of my pocket to her mat, even though that sounds like an absolute lie. That's from runaway quarter in
Run- run- kunkama
Run- kunkama. I mean, it's not a lie. The quarter's there
Who but?
Did you just I want
Before we get into the specifics of this, I would like to talk about quarters, okay?
Pennies, dimes, nickels, throw them all in the garbage truck. Now a dime, I disagree. Yeah. A dime is so little
It takes up so little effort to pick it up. A quarter. Oh man. Where I'm at in my life right now
You still will come across
like a
Vending machine you want to get yourself some Trident
Yeah, or maybe you want to park a car and you gotta put a quarter in there
Or you have a quarter. You're all still need from time to time and to me
I so rarely use cash that I never even really encounter quarters
So the value of the quarter has actually exceeded
The value of the quarter due to rarity. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes due to rarity. How did I get a quarter?
I can- there have been times in the past like literal month of my adult life
I've been like, ooh two quarters. Yeah, like a little excited in my pocket. What's that jingle-jangle?
I don't ever get these bad boys. Guess daddy's getting some Trident. I'll tell you the mistake I made
About two years ago. Just went to the bank hand him a $10 bill
It said give me a roll of quarters and then I just emptied it into the center console of my car
So I would always have a quarter if I needed it, but then I should put and that's why that high-speed collision was in fact
very bad. Incredibly bad. It was basically a dirty bomb at that point, but
Then I started to take for granted that the quarter would always be there
And then one day I pull up to Aussie and I need to get my Aldi card out by putting a quarter into the cart
No quarter, and I'm the asshole running around with two dimes and a nickel like hey, can I- will anybody trade?
Will you trade? Who will buy trades? Who's doing coin trades?
Who will buy my nickel and dimes?
That's a mistake I made. I emptied out my 401k for- and I got it all in quarters
I went to Dave on Busters, and I was like I'm gonna have the best weekend ever and then they were like we do digital
cards, we don't do points anymore.
Fuck. I'll tell you who fucking loves quarters. Four-year-olds. I hand BB three quarters
She's a kid. No, she's four guys. Like tic-tac. She doesn't eat quarters. That's my 18-year-old.
Great Wolf Lodge Arcade does the digital cards
And I tell you guys when you start hitting the slots really hard trying to get the- you don't really feel that money leaving so much
When it's on a card you're trying to get that like Squidward. Oh, yeah. You need to complete your Spongebob card.
I mean the Gary is the hard to get one. That's the Chase. The Gary's the Chase one for sure.
Just like the Toto in the Wizard of Oz one. That's the Chase. Oh, man. This sucks because she's stretching.
Oh, yeah. So you can't- you can't- let me say this- you can't go over. You can't approach.
So here's the question. Would a sign help?
I mean, damn it. You could still maybe even use the I'm not jerking off out here sign to like walk over and grab the coin and
And that even the presence of that feels like harassment. Yeah, so I think in this circumstance the answer is no.
Yeah, because the amount of effort one would need to put into making a sign to explain that your quarter rolled over there.
That's too much effort. We haven't established the value of quarters though.
This is what I'm struggling with is like, what do you have
later in the day that you needed that quarter for? It's got to be important because you got dressed for the gym and you thought,
well, I'm taking this quarter with me. Gotta put this quarter in my waistband.
The only thing that makes sense is that they found the quarter earlier, in which case, easy come easy go.
You gotta let it go. You gotta let it go. Yeah, now it's on its journey, right? It's continuing on.
You were but a waypoint on this quarter's journey. Yeah.
But if it's your quarter and you have big plans and this is the one gym in the world that sells big bottles of Powerade for a quarter
and you were going to slam that sweet blue stuff after your workout. Yeah, you got to get that quarter back.
And here's the thing. I think that this is, listen, this is not a perfect solution,
but you could quickly walk over, murmur, I dropped my quarter and pick it up and get back.
They will judge you. The person will judge you. But you're in and you're out fast enough that your hope is you're not memorable.
It's not a remarkable incident. Right. But you can't, again, you can't go over there. You can't.
Ah, damn it. I was going to say big magnet, but that doesn't work on quarters, does it? No, no, no.
It doesn't work on quarters. They're probably zinc or something.
You could train an animal to get it for you, but that's kind of a long thing.
You have to just hope that they don't pick up the quarter. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You gotta wait it out.
I see a big, beautiful quarter with no one nearby. Especially just leaning there on my mat calling to me. It's my quarter.
Now here's, you do need to be careful. You need, okay, while they're still stretching on the mat,
you need to forget that quarter exists and keep doing whatever you're doing.
Because if there's even a whiff of you staring over there and checking, they're not going to assume you're looking at a quarter. Right?
It's, I don't, I've never really been a gym guy. Really? What? No.
I don't know. But, Griffin, you're so beefy and strong.
Well, I do it at home with all the big flower bags of flour that I carry around.
Oh, yeah, you do more of the rocky found stuff. No, it's mostly just big bags of flour I got at Costco.
And I don't know what the sort of status quo is vis-a-vis talking to or looking at other people who are exercising.
Because I'll say this, when I exercise in my office, I draw the blinds. I shut the doors.
No one should have to see that, and I don't want anyone to see that, and I don't want to see other people doing it.
And so, I don't, this is unacceptable. I think if you go get the quarter, there's a good chance you may be removed from the premises.
Is there a way that you could play it like, oh, wait, hold on, sorry, real quick, oh, oh, that was close, when you pick up the quarter?
If it's still rolling, if it's, ooh, that's it, you fucked up already.
If you do this instinctively, if the quarter goes, bye, you stretch too hard, bye, and starts to roll away, if you jump at it then,
and like, Grabbitball, it's doing its little like spinny thing, and you like slap your hand down on it, and the other person's so scared,
and you're like, look, and you show them it's a quarter, and they'll be like, oh, glad you got it, that's it.
Also, because your body will naturally make a noise that's like, whoa, when you get it, that'll make it clear like, yeah,
I'm not trying to connect with you or impress you in any way, this is 100% about the quarter, because if it were not,
my body would not have made that noise in front of you, another human being.
What about, hey, you dropped your quarter.
And if they say, that's not my quarter, you say, congratulations, you've passed.
But what if they say, that is my quarter?
Then you know something terrible about that, and you can fucking, there is no link that person will not go to to cover up the fact that they just lied to you.
Yeah, it's time to ruin their life, you know what I mean?
Yeah, it's time to ruin them.
Do an announcement on the gym announcer.
Hey, everyone, we have a real singer.
Everybody join me.
Don't drop a quarter near Laura.
Announcement, don't drop a quarter near Laura, she'll just gobble it right up like Batman.
Also, could someone spot me for a Powerade after my workout?
I'm so fucking thirsty.
Yes, also, I need a quarter.
Shit.
You also look over and say, penny for your thoughts, and they'll say, that is a quarter, and then you run away.
You run away laughing.
Let's take a break and go to the Mayzone.
I'll tell you guys, there's two things I love.
Wait, I want to do it.
I want to do it.
Welcome to my perfect sight.
Hey, everybody, it's Justin McElroy.
Welcome to my talk show, My Perfect Sight, where we talk about my incredible 2020 vision.
We talk to a guest who wants to get my abilities through artificial augmentation.
Today, we have a pair of podcasting brothers, Travis and Griffin McElroy, and they want to get a little bit of my perfect sight.
Boys, what are you trying to get this incredible 2020 vision that you crave?
It's pronounced McLeoroy, please.
McLeoroy, my mistake.
We go to Warby Parker.
They have affordable glasses, including prescription lenses, sunglasses, progressives.
They're a very progressive company.
They have blue light lenses, and this show feels weird.
I don't know that I love this show.
Yeah, it feels very judgmental.
What's the aesthetic?
I mean, it's cool.
It's vintage inspired with a contemporary twist.
I mean, every pair is custom fit with really cool lenses and shit.
I own a lot of Warby Parker already.
When I wear glasses, it makes me feel kind of like a cyborg because I'm enhancing my vision through artificial means.
Now, boys, I have a question.
The glasses sound beautiful.
I'm looking at you two, and you look great, and the deals sound great.
My big question for you, and I think a lot of our home audience is wondering this as well, why not just look at things with your perfect eyes?
Yeah, we took a quiz. You take a quiz, but a fun one, not like a school one, and then they send you a home try-on kit with a bunch of-
How do you see it?
Oh, boy.
With my glasses that I'm wearing, and you get it-
Your bad, shameful glasses that you're trying to replace.
You try them on. They send five different frames, and you try them on, and you see what looks good, and you pick them, and later they send you the glasses, and it looks good on your face.
And it's very important for people like Griffin and I who have very large heads, and things that fit normal human beings don't always fit us, so we use the home try-on kits just to make sure it doesn't look like a novelty thing.
This is one thing I can actually sympathize with you.
If we are us, and you ever lose or break your sunglasses, and people are like, just go get another pair over there. They've got a whole rack of them.
Nope.
No. We need a special store for us.
If they look like the anime character where they draw them with really tiny circle glasses on their giant head, that's us in real life.
Regular glasses look like Mr. Potato Head glasses on us.
Yes.
This got real personal.
It did.
And also, Justin brings up a great point where that me and Travis have to wear glasses because of our prescription, but Justin wears Gunners for fun.
I call them funners.
You can try on Warby Parker for free with the home try-on program. You order five pairs of glasses to try on at home for free for five days, and there's no obligation to buy.
It ships for free, and it includes a prepaid return shipping label.
Try five pairs of glasses at home for free at warbyparker.com slash my brother.
Welcome to My Perfect Stamps!
This is the show where Griffin and I have perfect stamps because we use stamps.com.
Justin's got dirty stamps.
Justin's got dirty stamps.
Justin buys used stamps.
He buys used old stamps, and he puts them in a book.
He doesn't even use them to send letters or anything.
He just gets them, and then he looks at them, and he's still going to the post office wasting that time like a real goober.
I don't get it.
You know what I heard, Griffin?
What did you hear?
He doesn't have anything better to do except go to the post office.
For sure, for sure.
And he doesn't like saving on postage.
He likes wasting his money on old, dirty stamps that people have already licked or postage that comes from the post office, and he doesn't want to spend time with his family.
That's the worst part for me, if you ask me.
That's the worst part for me is he says, going to the post office gives me an excuse to not have to see the smiling faces of my children.
And he said, my only friends are at the post office.
And I was like, that's fucked up.
Every day I go and buy more stamps just so I can see Postman Steve's smiling face because I like it more than my own children.
It's weird because Postman Steve doesn't know who Justin is.
No, but Justin is giving him gifts.
He gives him gifts every time he goes to see him.
I've been keeping Italian.
So far, you guys are up to three 100% accurate statements that you have made, and I'd really like to hear one.
Stamps.com brings the same U.S. Postal and UPS shipping services right to your computer.
They print official U.S. postage and shipping labels while you print them 24-7 without having to leave your desk or buy any fancy equipment.
All you need is your computer and a standard printer, and they offer deals you can't get anywhere else, like 40% off USPS and up to 66% off UPS shipping rates.
And if you have really good peripheral vision, you can click and print those stamps while staring at your children's smiling faces
or your cats or your dogs or house plants or a puzzle you completed and then lacquer it and put it up on the wall, whatever you want to look at that you like more than going outside, which I totally get, you can do that.
So don't waste any more time looking at your kids, and don't go to the post office.
Go to Stamps.com instead.
There's no risk, and with our promo code, MYBROTHER, all one word, you get a special offer that includes a four-week trial plus free postage in a digital scale.
No long-term commitments or contracts.
Just go to Stamps.com, click on the microphone at the top of the homepage, and type in MYBROTHER.
That's Stamps.com, promo code MYBROTHER, Stamps.com.
Never go to the post office again.
Hello, I'm Riley Smyrl.
I'm Sydney McElroy.
And I'm Taylor Smyrl.
And we host Still Buffering, a cross-generational guide to the culture that made us.
Every week, we share media that made us who we are, things like Archie Comics, Sailor Moon.
And lots of Taylor Swift.
And now that Riley's an adult, it comes with 100% more butts.
And now I am totally comfortable with it.
So check out new episodes of Still Buffering every Thursday on MaximumFun.org.
Butts, butts, butts. Join in, Riley.
Butts, butts, butts.
D-d-d-d-d-d-d-evolution.
What?
Step two.
Evolved.
I want to munch, too.
I want to munch.
Squat four.
Welcome to Munch Squad Evolved.
This is an evolution of Munch Squad
in a podcast within a podcast.
We're a profile of the latest and greatest in brand eating.
I cannot, I can no longer rely on the quick service
restaurants and their press departments
to give me what I crave.
So I've decided to help Munch Squad along a little bit
with the evolve, sort of a, this is called,
I call it people's choice.
This is Munch Squad people's choice.
And here's the deal.
Okay, so welcome to Munch Squad Evolved, people's choice.
This is where I, here's the thing.
I am a member of several different groups on Facebook
devoted to restaurants in my area.
Really?
And I wanted to see what the people are saying.
You know what I mean?
Because you can listen to the press releases
and what they say about the restaurants,
but what are the people saying about the restaurants?
That's what I'm gonna do.
Okay, okay.
Okay, so this is, I'm not even gonna say
what groups they're from because honestly,
I don't want people to join them
and make things weird for everybody.
Cause this is just for kind of like us West Virginians
to get in there and dish on the dishes,
as we say in the groups.
But mainly it's reviews.
That's what people like to leave.
So you can kind of get a sense of the good Taco Bell.
You know what I mean?
Yeah. Okay.
I hadn't been to Steak Escape in Kanawha City
for quite a while and thought I would drive through
and bring it home for dinner.
So this, what this person's provided is a justification
for why they have decided to go to a restaurant
and purchase food.
It's so important.
Cause a lot of restaurant reviews will leave out
the fact that they wanted to buy food.
While I was waiting in line,
I saw a guy in front of M&M Mart sitting on the curb
and shouting out to people who ignored him.
Seemed to be under some kind of influence.
Suddenly he was knocking on my window
and told me that the food at this Steak Escape was bad.
Oh no.
And he said the last time he ate there,
he was sick for a week.
So, okay.
Let me tell you what this person has just described
is a situation where they go to Steak Escape,
they see someone yelling at people who won't believe them.
They're ignoring them.
And then they run and say,
don't eat at the Steak Escape.
It's bad.
It's very relevant to this person's life.
What's wonderful about this is it's a real world
like example of why if somebody busted into
wherever you are right now and said,
I'm you from the future,
don't do what you're about to do.
You'd be like, okay, whatever.
They're under the influence of something.
This person is doing the Lord's work
trying to keep you from getting butt sick
at Steak Escape.
I don't know how to catch people before they go in.
So I'm just waiting outside to tell people
that it's like, don't eat at this one, okay?
It made me really sick.
I appreciate that.
Yeah, except this person, this review writer says,
I thought he was just a little nutty
and continue to pay for my food and take it home.
I continue to pay for my food and take it home.
I had COVID in January
and smell and taste are still not quite back.
At home, I opened the sandwich wrapper
and my Grand Escape looked fine.
I took a bite.
And as I did, I got a whiff of the sandwich.
Whoa, that's the order that it took.
I guess.
There's like 20 comments on this review
where people are like, please explain to me the mechanics of,
I bit the sandwich and then later on I smell.
Well, Justin, taste and smell were very clear.
Not quite back, right?
I took a bite and as I did, I got a whiff of the sandwich.
I smelled it and then asked my granddaughter
to see if it smelled okay to her.
Hey, come here.
Get over here.
Hey, get over here and smell mama's stinky sandwich.
Oh yeah, that's-
Hey, me must-
That smells fucking rancid, grandma.
You should not eat that.
I already did.
Fuck.
If only I could have smelled it before I ate it.
Damn it.
Ugh.
It tastes fine.
I smelled it and then asked my granddaughter
to see if it smelled okay to her.
It says in parentheses, she knew nothing about the guy.
That's important.
That is important.
I was gonna ask.
I'm so glad that you said that.
She's not biased.
Yes.
Although I don't know how cool your life is.
If that happened to me, as soon as I walked in the door,
I would be telling my wife this incredible story.
I met an angel today.
Yeah.
Except you're the villain in that story, aren't you?
Because someone was waiting outside
to tell you don't eat here.
Well, that's the thing.
And then you still did.
And if you went home,
and I'm not just saying this specifically about Sydney,
but if you went home and told your wife this story,
and whoever you're telling this story to
was not there to see it,
their first thing is going to be, and you still did it?
Like, because-
Yeah, it's impossible.
That's how I feel, person writing this comment.
I smelled it and then asked my granddaughter
to see if it smelled okay to her.
She knew nothing about the guy.
She said, it smells like poop.
Well, that's exactly what I thought when I smelled it.
Or in other words, bad meat.
Damn it.
The guy wasn't crazy after all.
No.
It was bad.
I think this is a great example of a sign would have helped.
Yeah.
Because if that gentleman had had a well-constructed sign
that he had clearly spent some time working on-
An official looking sign.
Thank you.
And it was framed, right?
Then you see that and you're like,
well, this isn't a spur of the moment thing.
This is clearly a real issue
that this person is concerned about.
Now, here's the problem though.
If this person had decided to solve this problem
with a sign-
Yes.
Then it starts to raise the issue of,
if the sign's too good,
at what point are you like,
I don't actually need to be a part of this equation?
Yeah.
And that bums you out
because it's like, that's what I was planning on doing today.
But instead I've made,
it's like a John Henry situation where I've made myself-
You could just put the sign there.
Just put the sign there, right?
And you don't need to even be there.
And that's a-
But then the chance of someone being sent out
of that weird side door that all fast food places have
to remove the sign-
Yeah, you need a defender as a steward there.
I mean, if the sign is too good,
you could just start to think
that it is sort of corporate warfare,
like somebody from Beef Journey,
like trying to divert-
Sorry, Beef Journey?
Yeah, that's the main competitor for Steak Escape.
Oh, okay, got it, got it, got it.
I'm looking at the Steak Escape menu.
I've eaten at this restaurant before.
We used to stop off there on our way to church
and get a big sandwich on the way there
to help us get lots of calories, praise the Lord.
And I don't remember them completely fucking
going over the deep end,
but they have so many different fry disasters.
They have an item called Feisty Amigo Fries.
Huh, I don't think that's right.
It's called Feisty Amigo Fries,
and it's got grilled steak, jalapenos, cheddar cheese,
and Mexican seasoning, and pico de gallo,
and pico de gallo, and sour cream,
and somewhere in there is fries.
Somewhere in there's fries, I bet.
You can't just take the contents
of an entirely different dish and put it on fries
and say, is this anything?
Yeah, oh boy, they also have something called
a Teriyaki Crunch Bowl.
I bet that's good.
Also-
I bet that's really good.
Hey, everybody trying to make that fry kind of thing a thing?
That's what nachos are for.
They're firm, you can lift up the whole thing.
A fry is a soggy boy, you can't pick up the whole thing.
Let's keep it, poutine for fries, right?
I'm fine with that.
That's everything else on nachos.
Yeah.
One of the comments on this post,
I got food here like three weeks ago
after waiting in line an hour,
ended up throwing it away, it was horrible.
Billy, did you say an hour?
An hour at Steak Escape?
Hey, Billy, come back.
Are you telling me there was a moment
where you'd been waiting a half hour,
and you were like, I could do this again for Steak Escape?
For Steak Escape, absolutely.
I'm trying to decide now which one's worse
if you were in the drive-through,
or if you were inside in line.
Both are bad. Both are bad.
Damn, they got a sandwich called the Feisty Amigo, too.
It's the same toppings as the french fries.
That's awesome.
You gotta get them together, right?
Those are the amigos.
Yeah, gotta have the clutch that matches the dress.
All the ones around here closed.
The one on Fifth Avenue turned into a restaurant
called Sabatino's, but now it's just Clams.
Oh, I'm sorry, Justin, I just heard from corporate,
the verbiage we're using is they escaped.
They escaped.
Well, the one at the mall transmogrified
into a Charlie's Cheese Steaks, which is fine.
It's an easy twist.
Lateral move.
Worse fries, better chicken tenders.
They can't tell the same employees,
because they already knew their way around the grill.
You remember, as Steak Escape,
there was a big thing there
where they just had a big pile of potatoes,
and then they had the crusher
that would turn them into steak fries.
And you would be like, exciting, chef's table.
And then you're like,
let me get some spicy, zany amigo fries, please.
And they're like, okay.
And you're like, let's see how this sausage gets made.
And then you watch them shove the potato in there,
and then they're like, trying to crush it.
And you're like, fuck, I made them do this,
this hard potato work.
I hate, my name is Daniel.
I work at Steak Escape,
and I hate when people order the fries.
The worst part of my job, when people order the fries.
Definitely.
That's the second worst when they order anything else.
Anything else.
When they bring you the feisty amigo fries
just covered in flop sweat,
and you're like, I'm so fucking,
if I'd have known, no, it's okay.
They make us crush the potatoes.
I don't know why the potatoes aren't pre-crushed.
That's how they do it everywhere else.
It seems like a better way of doing it.
They come sliced everywhere.
Everywhere else, they come sliced, they come crushed.
Potatoes are so firm, fuck.
I also remember Steak Escape had a gigantic container
of seasoned salt out there for your fries.
Because if to say, we don't know what we're doing here.
You have some idea.
We don't know.
Go for it.
What a wild restaurant.
And what a wild podcast it has been today,
here on My Brother, My Brother, Me.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
We sure enjoyed spending a little time with you.
Hope your summer's going well.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, buddy.
I hope you're having a great time out there.
Slippin' and slidin', I assume.
Why are you, oh my God, why are you,
my watch just keeps trying to talk to me.
Justin, I'll be eating Steak Escape today.
Justin, I went ahead and ordered Steak Escape on DoorDash.
Order 500 sandwiches from Steak Escape.
Stop, watch, watch.
Start a tab at Steak Escape.
If you're looking for a way to pass the summertime afternoon
in a very pleasurable fashion, might I suggest
the Adventure Zone Crystal Kingdom, a graphic novel,
which we wrote and Carrie Peach illustrated,
and it is fucking good.
So good.
And it's coming out July 13th.
I'm not just saying that either.
It's a good-
And not just that, not only is it coming out on July 13th,
which is tomorrow, if you're listening to this on Monday,
we are also doing a live and virtual event.
We've got special guests, and trust me when I say
they're very special.
You're going to really enjoy it.
It's an absolute blast.
And you can find out all the information
at bit.ly slash TazGNLive2021.
Get all the info there.
And we have event exclusive signed book plates,
which are available from our partner bookstores.
More info can also be found at that bit link.
And you can submit your pre-order receipt
to get the pre-order gift from First Second, our publisher.
It's a Kravitz lenticular laptop sticker.
I will say this.
If you don't know much about the book publishing world,
here's what I will say to you to keep in mind.
If you like this series,
and you want us to be able to continue to make them,
the thing that most publishers look at,
and kind of the whole publishing world is built this way,
is the first week of book sales.
So if you could buy it the first week,
or pre-order it, that works too.
That would just be the coolest thing you could do.
Yeah, you're so cool.
We got new merch over at mcrorymerch.com,
including a new pin of the month for the Gushy Wolves,
which is a fantastic, just a fantastic joke
from the Ether C Prologue series.
And sales for that benefit the Innocence Project,
which works to exonerate the wrongly convicted
through DNA testing and reforms the criminal justice system
to prevent future injustice.
There's other stuff on there too.
There's an It's Trash sticker from the Bim Bam TV show.
There's a beautiful green stoneware mug
with the Taz logo on it.
There's finally some Besties merch on there.
A t-shirt, if you're one of our many listeners
of the Besties.
So check all that out.
And speaking of Adventure Zone,
the first episode of the new season,
Ether C is out now, we've been doing the prologue,
but now this is the first episode of the regular season.
That's up now.
I do some streaming on Twitch,
twitch.tv slash the Travis Macro,
if you wanna check that out.
We've got a YouTube channel, Macro Family,
a lot of fun stuff on there.
And this is just a personal plug from me to you.
Check out the Besties.
It's one of my favorite podcasts.
I listen every week.
I learn a lot about video games.
It's my brothers, as well as Resh Freshtrick
and Chris Plant.
It is one of my favorite podcasts.
Go check it out.
Thanks, Trapp.
And thanks to Montane for the Use for a Theme song.
My life is better with you.
If you follow Montane on Twitter,
you've probably gotten some tips and hints
about some movement.
Let's just say some movement in the music publishing world
vis-a-vis this song and you hearing it
and seeing a music video for it.
So that's all great.
Thank you, Montane.
And thanks Max Fun for having us on the network.
Go to maximumfun.org,
check out all the great shit that they have there.
I'm sorry I called it shit.
It's not shit.
It's good podcasts.
Let's hear it, Griffin.
Let's hear that final yahoo.
This one was sent in by Davin.
And Davin sent it in and it was sent in today.
Oh, fuck.
Today, this morning.
It's a yahoo answers from,
and this one was asked by Batman.
Ooh.
Asks.
Batman asks,
does anyone know where to,
does anyone do any repairs?
Does anyone know where to get repairs done on my dad?
Does anyone know where to get that?
Does anyone know a good dad repair shop in Houston, Texas?
I thought he was toast to McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother,
may you kiss your dad's square on the lips.
One, it's better with you.
It's better, it's better with you.
It's better with you.
My life, end by Von Michael,
it's not got the better with you.
It's the truer, it's better, it's better with two.
It's better with you
My life
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
It's better with you
