The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
Oh
Hey everybody, welcome to my brother my brother me. Is this the energy you're bringing? What is this? Hey everybody?
Hey everybody, oh no, hey, how about a fourth shot of that one?
No, no, hi everybody. Welcome to my brother my brother mean advice you from the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your middle as well. Okay
I'm just so darn excited to be here. Well, that's not that's not how the rhythm where I'm your middle as well
I'm stoked too man out of my fucking
Yeah, baby, I can't wait. I can't wait. I'm Griffin. I can't wait anymore, baby. Let me do number two. I love it
I'm your middle as brother big dog wolf wolf McElroy
I can't do this show cuz I need your guys help and your dog me. Yep. I'm very confused
I need your help with something. I want to talk about this Loki thing
Oh, yeah, so I wish for this fucking guy can't stop pranking the Avengers
No, so this is the thing. So I'm I'm watching doesn't fail. Let me get a quick
Let me get out my comedy dousing rod because right now it's pointing away. Yeah, I've got my
Rotating with you. Let's see it. I'm so I'm watching my nature programs that you know
I love yeah TV that my grandnephew set up for me, right?
And then I finished those now pop-up comes up for this Loki and I see that Owen Wilson is in it
You know, I'm a big drill bit Taylor fan. Yeah, it's your favorite. Yeah, I click on it and I'm watching it
Yeah, I want to talk about this Loki fellow
Because everybody seems to like him. Yeah, but he seems like a superhero version of a YouTube prankster
Yeah, and I don't know that I'm comfortable with the world watch it. It's on and can I say it's on the Disney thing?
Right next to Mickey. This is my problem with right with Mickey. He's doing this right near it
We're Mickey can write for the love of Christ. It's like he's Mickey's next-door neighbor now
Yeah, Mickey live next to Loki. I know will you agree on one thing?
There's nothing low-key about it. No
This guy is amped up. So I don't understand that part for sure
Now listen Owen Wilson's there and he is definitely bringing it down. All right, he's a little hand
Hold I am I am holding on tight to Owen Wilson as I try to ride out this confusing
I hate this fucking guy with the horns cuz he's always
Breaking the Avengers and now he's being mean to Owen Wilson aka drill bit Taylor, right?
Right and Owen Wilson doesn't need that. He's Owen Wilson. He's been in many movies a lot of movies
What's this low-key guy ever done? Yeah, except hurt the Avengers feelings. We mean to him. He made the whole cry
Henry's obsessed with superheroes and he has been for a long time and they make these like books for like the world of reading books
They're like, here's here's very simple sentences and words and there's ones where they're at a daycare and low-key
Like steals the Hulk's the paints the Hulk purple instead of green and steals the apple slices from snack time
And then at the end he like get they confront him and he comes clean and I want to be like this man has killed
People this man is killed in the fit in the fit. I'm not a big, you know
I'm not deep in the Avengers set but I do know that this man is
Responsible for the deaths of countless innocent New Yorkers. We love to forget that don't we?
Yeah, we strut we stride into a hot topic by the first cool t-shirt
We see low-key on it and we just forget this man has murdered people. Yeah, there's blood on these on his
His a yeah now don't get me wrong. I like the t-shirt where he's kind of giving us more gonna just as mischief question mark
It's not the most creative, but I love that font
What this man's a murderer hey Justin Justin
Loki charms. Well, no fucking yeah trap fucking dirt bag. No fucking shit. Why do you think they did it?
Otherwise bud, I don't know because he's whimsical. No, cuz it sounds like Loki. Oh, you know what?
You're the Loki of this show. Now. I've just decided. Yeah. Oh, no, you're the Loki of it and you're a villain of it
I know I've been that for a while. Come on, man
Get with it. But here's my question. Yeah, am I supposed to like him this murder?
Relentless murderer. I
the first scene of
the Loki show
Should be Loki and he's it might be
And he should be like hi America, it's me look
I just wanted to say that thanks for taking the chance on my television show and I just want to promise you that well
I'm not gonna do no murders in this one. So if you give me a chance, let me be the hero you deserve
I promise I could do a better job for you America. Enjoy my show. I'm sorry. I'm right next to Mickey
Do you think that there's somebody in the Marvel like big boardroom somewhere who's like?
Can we do a George Lucas on the Avengers movie and just add a quick scene or Captain America?
They've they've stopped Loki, but they look around and go pretty incredible that no one got hurt during this, huh? Yes
We just seem to avoid
Anyone getting hurt during this entire battle, huh?
Bunch of buildings fell down air-conditioned came took tumble
But each time it just barely missed the people you're lucky this time Loki
They should call you Loki charms and then everybody was at the big game
Everyone nobody was even in these buildings. How fortuitous
He's a murderer and this shows murdering him with all the jokes so far and I want to get into some questions
Maybe just to say we actually start the show in earnest at this point. I'm I will say this. Oh, oh, oh What's up guys
No, she's us. Hey guys big news for you. Yeah
spring is over and now it's time to roll in the summer and
Richard stink is here to help you get your fragrance game right for summer
Richard it's been summer for a really long time. It just begins. What do you mean?
No, it's not on the calendar. He's confused
No, look at the calendar, it's summer. Listen, you can tell me whatever you want about dates or whatever
It's been fucking 95 degrees in Cincinnati. It's been summer for a while
That's what they say. Well what it is in Cincinnati is sauce for the gander. Yeah, here's what we're gonna do first boys
Yeah, I want you to go to your room and then go into your the wing of your house
You used to store all your fragrances. I want you to grab all the fragrances you got right now
Throw them in the trash. I'll wait. That's gonna be really easy. Go ahead. I'll wait
If you need to get multiple bags, I get it. I don't have any fragrances Richard. We've covered those
I got I got a few that came in a sort of sampler pack that Carol got me for Christmas four years ago
The ones that are sure
This is priced something by Stetson. It's also the ones that are shaped like cigars. It's the ones that are shaped like cigars. Yeah, sure
I think there's there might be some Stetson blends in there
All right, let me look at you cuz it's summertime now and I want to help you get your fragrance game, right?
My name is Richard stink and we're gonna mix it up with some new new fragrances summer means
One thing for me and you know what? It's a dull chain. Come on. I like blue intense. Yeah, what?
Don't change about and I'm like blue intense now
I guess I'm just confused Richard because like two weeks ago you had me buy some really expensive
Fragrance. Yeah
And now from from your kiosk by the way, and now two weeks later you're telling me to throw it away
Throw it in the trash, but it's time for summer
Fragrances like dull chain. Come on. I like blue all intense poor arm. You want citrus?
You want this you smelled it? Hey smell this real quick
Uh-huh smell that that's the sea calling to you from your armpit or neck wherever you spray it
But it's gonna give you a huge stink. This very powerful
You know fucking great way bro, it's gonna have the shoes slamming through the the window like a misguided bar
I didn't unpack that image Richard. They're gonna be flailing themselves at the window
I'm begging to come in to get another whiff of your dull chain. Come on. I like blue intense poor arm
Okay, I didn't know Richard stink cussed and now it's kind of I'm not sure about this bit
I'm feeling a bit. I'm feeling less good about sorry by bit
I mean the segment where the real man Richard stink comes on to the shed. I
I understand your problem, bro. I'll try to keep the language
It's just like it's so worked up about fragrance the wall of fragrance. Do you have any outside interest Richard?
That isn't fragrance based like thank I would like you bro. You're wanting me to talk about my walk with Christ
No, I appreciate you open the door for that bro. No
Trav I'd love to hear about Richard Stinks walk with Christ
I think about you think about this for a second, bro. Yeah
Mmm, I could be shown by Jojo money. That's exactly that's a mustard what you said. Yeah. No, no, no
You think of awkward the show by Jojo money? Absolutely. Okay
Hmm, you got the aromatic notes, right? It's a fucking it's a sense
So I would hope it had a aromatic notes. You're getting woody you get one notes bow some cedar in there. Okay
Yeah, what's this have to do with Christ? I'll get to that. Okay, those are top notes
That's like me. You know how like fragrance is my top note and
Sexuality obviously and how good I am with the chicks, you know what I mean, bro. This is my top
No, okay. Wait, those are all your top notes. It's many top notes. Thank you. How can you have him?
Okay, you dig a little deeper bro. What is that?
I said the warm spicy aquatic note if you taste it with your that's wait. What just made that sound?
That's how you taste with your mouth. Sometimes you smell with your mouth other times. Okay, I'm so glad
I can't see you cuz you're in Justin's home. I thought that was the sound your nose made. Yeah
It's those are heart notes, right this like the deep
Fruity like they're more like an unboxing kind of yeah, Iris
You know like deep notes after the dry now, right?
Like that's like my walk with Christ. He shrank and everything I do is the core of it. I love him
So what what do you what am I just here's how I would love these types of good you tell me how much money?
I'm by the way, nutrition is the other thing
Nutrition. Yeah. Yeah, you got to be hydrated and have good vitamins to walk with Christ because that dude can jog power
Yeah, it's irregular valid of my walk with Christ, bro. Just the third thing of okay
Can you just tell me what to get and how much money it's gonna cost me and then it perfect
Tell me what kind of budget we work with four five hundred dollars six hundred dollars seven hundred dollars
I'm gonna say ten dollars max for me. You want to get it cheapy man
I'll say 15 cuz I want to smell just a little bit better than Travis noticeably 50% better
What are you saying a little bit? I want you. Okay. Here's the thing, bro. I want you to go to TJ maxx
Okay, I'm there. I'm there right now. Actually go to the fragrance department. Okay, give me a second
Yes assistant fragrance department
Okay, I'm here. Okay. Perfect. Good job, bro. Now get a job at
TJ maxx seeking for better fragrances. I won't let you shop there. I won't okay. I'm filling out an application
now
Perfect, bro, Griffin. How much you know they're interviewing today. Okay. Yeah
$500. Yeah, $500. Actually, I just so I just sold my PlayStation because I wanted to smell better
Perfect
No, I mean I taught him that turn your brother down
Next I'm gonna give you out
Here's what I'm gonna put you on to and I'll even save you a bit cuz it's gonna run you like $218
250
Maybe 600 or so is silver mountain water by Creed, right? Okay a multi-sex
fragrance anybody can wear cool great green
Citrus is here. Wait, did you just say green or
Green like a green smell. What the fuck does that mean like a green smell like vetiver like green vetiver green?
Like a green smell. No, it's got like a green cell and then there's a knock at the door
You open it and it's citrus. No, go back to the green
Smell 20 times and we didn't get it
And then you open it up you open the door or citrus and citrus comes in is like I brought a cake and inside the
Cake is musk. Yeah, this is the smell you're getting with silver mountain water by creed and there's like a little bit of like
It's like a fresh
floral
Sort of vetiver sort of what is that word? You keep saying a word there that I it's I'm having trouble parsing it
Vetiver it's a VE. Don't worry about it. And I don't worry about it. It's the oil from vetiver. Oh, yeah
Yeah, yeah. Oh
Oh guys bad news. What's wrong? What's up? My boss at PJ Maxx just caught me podcasting on the job. I got damn it day
Oh, listen, I'll be over there soon to pick you up. I'll talk to him. I'll get your job back
No, not even a problem. Can you bring some orange slices for sure?
And I'll be back in fall to talk about fall fragrances and not until then right?
He's had a guarantee. Are you is this a promise?
It's an absolute promise, bro. I
Don't know that I will not be here to talk about fragrances until fall. Well, wait, you just winked at me
So where you go now that was your nose. I won't be here to talk about fragrances until fall
Okay, but so you'll be here to talk about other things. I
Gotta go how did he do that? He made that noise of his mouth. Yeah
Hey Justin, do you want to tell us how Richard got in your house again?
At this time I did let him in but he said he had a package
Okay, it sounded like he fought you at the beginning a little bit
Yeah, I thought he had I thought he had left. How long's he been there? I
Don't know he's looking kind of mace aided
I'm worried he doesn't have a stable source of nutrients in my home. I'm worried. He's living in my house
Oh in like, you know, yeah hollowed out a chair and when you sit in the chair, you're actually sitting in his lap
Yeah, one of those classic. How about question? I would I would absolutely love that
My grandparents just gave me $500 worth of jewelry for graduation and I don't really mean to sound ungrateful
But this is the ugliest jewelry I've ever seen. I wish I do
This is you've defined ungrateful, but let's move press on I don't want to pawn it and they ask you about it later
But I really don't think I'll ever wear it ever
That's from $500 ugly jewelry owner
Um
This is a actually easy one. Oh
Yeah, finally an easy one. You gotta just pretend like it's
$6 jewelry and what would you do if you had gotten $6 jewelry?
You would just put it in the place where jewelry goes which for me is the underwear drawer
just kind of loose rattling around in there with what with my cigar colognes and what have you and
Then you can just keep on keeping on
Yeah, we maybe wonder Griffin if this is a phenomenon that
Many people experience where if you are not a fancy person
But you get the kind of thing that a fancy person would have you bestow upon it a sacred
Safe place of inside the underwear drawer towards the bottom where it's not gonna interrupt your life
But it is safely protected but beneath your unmentionable. No criminal will ever look there if you think about perhaps
Cuff links. Yeah. Well, that's something a fancy person. It's not a monetary thing
It's just like this is something where if I'm a different person, this would be something I would need ready access
Yeah, there'll be something I like madly dig for before a few
Well, that's the thing if you only have one set of cuff links
You're not going to invest in some sort of cuff link caddy, right?
Right, you're not gonna have a special storage place. I'm sure there is a tipping point where you have enough set of cuff links
That you're like, I need something to store these bad boys. I don't know what that
Tipping point is but it's not one set. It might be two sets. Yeah, I got a nice watch
Somebody got me as a gift once and I'm not a big watch wear because I need
Absolute maximum flexibility and mobility to do all my gaming
Uh, but it is a nice watch so it lives in my underwear drawer
Like the fucking food in the peewee's playhouse freezer just having a little home and its own little life in there
It's got its own kids of the kids are it's are the ties that I haven't worn in
Since I had a child
Yeah, don't be ashamed don't be and if it if the grandparents ask about you just say yeah, okay
Yeah, I'm not wearing it today. I love it. It's so good, but I'm not wearing it today
What do you think it looks like? What do you think?
Chonky
Chonky, I mean some people like a chunky like a chunky necklace some people like chunky accessories. It's a that's a that's a thing
Yeah, Griffin's right. You should wear it. No one cuz maybe you think it's ugly, but everyone else thinks it's beautiful
What do you know? Well, maybe that's it
Maybe it's the way that you look at it in the mirror is backwards
And so it looks bad to you, but when you look at the right way, it looks actually super good
Why would you give me a bracelet with my name spelled backwards on it grandpa?
I hate you grandpa. You tried to trick me again
Try to get me to say my name backwards and get banished to another dimension against nice try
You and Superman always trying to get me. Can I shower you guys with some wisdom of the cloud?
Oh, I love that
This one is a it is another wiki house just because I it's what's got me excited right now
I've looked at others, but this is what's doing it for me Christopher sent this in. Thanks Chris
It's uh, this one's authored by the wiki house staff. So
And it's updated May 6th. So this is we got like hot up-to-the-minute deets on how to get shampoo out of your eyes
And you may think you've got this one solved and I think this actually is cyclical because we did talk about this
I feel like early my bim-bam we talked about like sort of maybe episode one
Maybe even episode one getting shampoo out of your eyes with water part one
can I can I just say by the way this also falls into the category that I think the coyote one fits to you of
Like just go ahead and look this out ahead of time. Yes, you find yourself in the scenario. It's too late
It's too late and in the spirit of that the very first step that they have listed here is so good
And it's simply calm down
If the shampoos in your eyes
You may experience a burning or stinging sensation pain can often lead us to panic staying calm
I'm sure you do not do anything which might make the situation worse like put more shampoo in your eyes
Well, you want to wash out that shampoo?
Shit way
Well, sometimes I panic and maybe fall through like a sliding glass door
Or I just start smashing bottles on the ground in a panic, you know, I pull the fixtures off the walls
Yeah, it tells you to breathe in your nose to a count of five and exhale through your mouth for a count of five
Do this at least three times
You may also envision yourself in a peaceful scene where nothing hurts you and you are not in danger
for instance
You're bashing yourself on a peaceful mountain top try to imagine the breeze on your face and the gentle warmth of the Sun on
Your skin if you get shampoo in your eyes
breathe for 15 seconds and then
You're on the mountaintop in your mind
And at that point your eyes have dissolved out of your head because you've taken way too long to address the situation
I want them to continue this kind of vibe and like in sentences with we're gonna get through this
Yeah, I'm here for you. Take a deep breath rub your eyes. No, just kidding. It says don't rub your eyes
There's chemicals in shampoo that hurts your eyes
Step three close your step three close your eyes
And if you need more information here, it literally says bring your top and bottom eyelids together to close them
Where I think okay. Wait, are you fucking with me?
Is this whole thing been are you fucking with me the steps so far just to recap?
Calm the calm the fuck down
Don't touch your eyes close your eyes and then for two to three minutes
Look up into the faucet and let the water hit your eyeballs for two to three minutes
For two to three minutes let cool water blast your open eyeballs and feel it
This escalates so quickly from like I'm on a mountaintop to I'm gonna let water blast my open eyes
It's step five simply
Try to cry
Not hard. Yeah, I don't take a lot for me
Well, I just think about the ending of iron giant and I'm gone. Yeah
Well, if that doesn't work for you wiki how does say crying on command takes long practice
It sure does
Thinking of tragic thoughts like being a child alone and scared in the woods is a good way to inspire tears
Hey, let's fuck you. No, I just told me to picture myself on a mountaintop. Yeah, I calm myself way down
Yeah, now you want me to be a scared kid in the wood. Which one is it?
Well, no Travis
You got to get calm in order to open your eyes and look into a running faucet for two to three minutes
And then after that you have to try to cry you need to try to cry and then you need to see a doctor if it
Continues to hurt. Okay, the next step sucks so bad
Hit me avoiding shampoo in your eyes
Okay. Well, come on lean your head back 45 degrees when shampooing
That's awesome. I love that. They put a number to it
Next time I need like a protractor in the shower
Make sure I get the next time I'm in the shower. I'm gonna make sure that I'm not doing it at 30
I get I still get some shampoo in my eyes. It might be a 30 degree angle situation
Do you guys do you guys if you're showering your head off, right?
Do you face the spigot and just like go for it or do you?
Turn around away from the spigot and like lean your head back like you're at a fancy salon. Mmm. I don't know
I genuinely don't I think I right now you're thinking have I ever watched I've ever washed my hair before I
Know I do. I mean I have to use some pretty bodacious stuff on my rig not to get too
Not to get too clinical on the podcast, but that's why you got some
Oh, I got some anti-dandruff. It is a fucking cakewalk compared to what I have to rub up there
Let's just say let's just say Papa guts to rub some dry shampoo in there for his delicate condition sometimes
So you gotta start with dry shampoo and then do a somewhat moist shampoo and then a full-blown wet shampoo
And then a wet shampoo. I have to walk my way up not like the rest you guys
You're just like head and shoulders go I have for me. It's a it's half a day
There's some other steps in here including read the directions and again don't touch your eyes
But the most awesome one is step six
wear protective eyewear
Goggles in the shower shampoo in your eyes causes a particularly acute irritation
You can purchase it's intended for aquatic environments from your local sporting goods store
Where then when shampooing but remove them after you finish rinsing the shampoo out so to ensure your face gets washed properly
It's great because you can go to your local Dix and you can walk into the counter with this thought just please fucking nobody asks
So you please no one else. Please don't ask what they're for. Please. Please please doing some swimming
But then how do I wash my eyelashes
Cuz those things get pretty dirty like a lot of sweat catches up in there. Yeah, they get crusty
How will you wash your face? I guess separately
Um, well when I do wiki how on here, you're only getting half the story because the pictures are what's so dope
because there is there is this great image of a man wearing these these goggles and
scrubbing scrubbing
Travis I got another one for you because
There's step seven try a tears-free shampoo. And then there's step eight, which is use an eye shield
Which is something that I use for my toddler to wash. Oh, yeah
And this is a cool look. This is like a bonnet for an adult
This also it looks it looks like an old man wearing a sun hat except a bird stole the top of it
Yeah, so it's just the brim part this hats solution
Assumes I'm not washing the back of my hair. Yeah. Yeah, that's what it's why yeah, don't worry about it
So time for the questions segment
After I do the procedure, can I go to sleep?
I'm not sure what the procedure the only thing resembling a procedure here is
Keeping your eyes open for two to three minutes as you look into a running faucet
But they'd say go ahead and go to sleep if you've washed it
Not a concussion. They still might burn a bit and you might cry, but it should be fine
If anything, that'll that'll help you sack out
You know what? I mean?
Yeah, that's fair. Like I mean, I'm I'm crazy about all these that are like just don't get it in your eyes in the first
Yeah, but I guess I mean
If I'm googling it
Wiki howling it. I'm probably not in the shower anymore. Right? Like the immediate danger has passed
Well, this is why you have to prep it beforehand and I was thinking about this because like that two to three minutes
It's really hard to like figure out the time like your eyes are full of tears and water at this point
You can't look at the clock. So here's I looked it up
Just sing all of the mama's on the pub is California dreamin and that's to get two minutes and 45 seconds
Perfect the perfect amount, right? So at that point you're probably good to stop blinking
There's a is you got to read up on this shit though because this person said I did rub my eyes
But I'm out of the shower and it still burns after I put water in it
What should I do and the the community answer here like tries to offer some advice
But at this point like you're you are fucking you fuck dog. You touched your eyes. That's like you touch number one
The first rule it says what not to do that and you're like I did it now what?
Yeah fucked up
It's like if there was a wiki how article on how not to get stabbed and the first part was don't get stabbed
And you're like I did it. I did get a little so now what I do
Well, there is some extra stuff here cuz somebody said are there other tips if none of these methods work?
I think if you've hit the point where you kept your eyes open for two to three minutes while water blasted it and that did
Not work. It might not be a shampoo situation
It might be a poisoning or something like that
But there is a community answer that says cup cool water in your hands and put them up to your eyes
Then open your eyes for a few seconds in the clean water repeating as necessary
Awesome. That's a different delivery method then look at the faucet and let it spray into your eyes
well, that's making your eyes too big beautiful burp baths and open them in there and
That is swim around. Nobody can do that. I
Can do it
Here's another question
Soon, I will be riding a horse nice and I would like to make a horse riding playlist
I will be riding the horse through a field and some forests in the temperate rainforests of Vancouver Island
I believe it will be a great horse
Thank you
Help me choose songs to set the tone and atmosphere for this unforgettable experience from melodious mayor in sandwich, BC Canada
So first off, thank you. Yes
For your fucking context. Yeah, so we I wish everybody would follow this this model
Give us all the details you have that completely changes if you're gonna be in a temperate rainforest
Do you know how many times we've done this and then the person has written back and back but the horse is gray and it's like
Well fuck you didn't say that and then completely changes the answers, of course
Well, there's one piece of deets that we did not get what's that? Are we walking? Are we trotting?
Are we cantering? Are we galloping? Like I need to you know what I mean? How am I supposed to match the BPM?
My my assumption is field is probably canter
forest temperate
rainforest forest
Maybe trot but probably walk. Okay, it's hard you look I'm looking at pictures of this terrain
Yeah, and some of it is like
Honestly pretty terrifying. Oh, really? I'm looking at this terrain and it's like just like if I was I mean, it's beautiful
but like I'm looking at these pictures of Vancouver Island rainforest and it's like
If I had some of that hard charging and I try to take my horse at that
You know what I mean? It's like if I'm ripping like aces spades, you know
Sure, um two minutes to midnight something like really fucking rip. Yeah, and I have my horse
The big Polly as he's asked to be called and if I have him like ripping through the forest that speed
Yeah, I thought I'm gonna take a header for sure into a creek or yeah
It's terrifying only in the context of racing through it in on a horse in any other context the
rainforest of Vancouver Island is
Breathtakingly beautiful. I that y'all this is stunning and I'm feeling honestly a little panicky that I haven't done this and like I got
As far as Vancouver and those these beautiful rainforests were just right around the corner from
ostensibly
And I didn't I didn't get over there. Okay, so let me let me put put it. Hey, I got it
I want to tell you guys something. Yeah
That I just found in the
I was looking for images of the big beautiful trees on Vancouver Island in the rainforest there and I stumbled on a
digital book
That is just called where to find big trees on Vancouver. Yeah, nice
So if you want to not waste your time, yeah
There's nothing worse than when to go see a big tree and you look all over like all these trees are fine
but yeah, you're fine, but they're not like Here's what I would say you guys immediately went to this like
hard-pounding like high-pace
Octane kind of that's not fair. That's not fair
I asked what the speed of the horse was before I recommend fair fair fair fair fair
I let me put it this way then I would have for me if I'm setting the mood on a gray horse
I in the temperate Vancouver Island rainforest. Yeah, I'm looking for more of a like
I'm I'm free. This is free. I'm out here. Maybe I'm the last human being and like this is
I think that's more the vibe. I'm going for
And for that it's probably Bon Jovi
Exclusively just obvious one
I worry. It's not the one where he talks about horses. No, that's what that one's about a motorcycle
The steel horse is a motorcycle. You're talking about some of his lovely ballads. Yeah, I'm saying like a
Bed of roses. Yeah, right. That's beautiful. Just my horse out there
We're doing down and maybe some I might also go for some melon camp in there
Uh, I just some good old Americana to ride through the Canadian
Canadian he
Like 100% feels like I don't think he is but like it does feel like he's missing opportunity by not being Canadian doesn't yeah
Yeah
Um, I mean honest answer if I'm in lovely nature like this
I want some pensive music on my throne some bony bear and just like cruise on them
But the real even more honest answer is if I'm on a horse and this particular beautiful
Albeit, let's say slippery and Viron. I am going to want
Complete situational awareness. I do not want to remove one of my senses
from the horseback riding in the slippery woods
Activity that I'm doing because I don't know if I'm gonna hear like the sound of my my beautiful ponies hooves going like
As they slip off the bridge that we're crossing
But I need to have that I need to have those clues
What would that be to the horse what I need to do to it to make it not fall off the bridge?
Oh, you know touch it Britain go touch the go button on say hey look out across the bridge or to say like
Look out. Oh, look out crackers
That's in the name of a horse. You got to go. Oh, you got to stay on the straight narrow, and he would go
But if he did if I don't hear him slipping because I'm listening a bony bear
But you died together and the horse will die
There's also gonna be there's gonna be great sounds in this for like that's the playlist is
Like the sounds of
Maybe yeah, maybe the perfect thing is if you find an audio track array for his sounds and listen to them at the bout
The right volume where just it's like the force
You know it's like just more you just like whatever it would have normally it just kind of like yeah twice as long
So you're really like?
Okay, wait a big business opportunity
Sound of walking through the forest riding a horse through the forest all of that, but add to it
Celebrity cameos you're walking down, and you run into Tom Holland, and he joins you on the walk for a little while yes
Don't you don't look behind you governor, but I'm here
And I'll be I'm really here go protecting you
Always we could have it even be like an in fiction thing where it's not Tom Holland
But it is Tom Holland, and he's like a little he's a wood nymph. Yeah, and so you hear like
It's me Tom. Oh, that's why you can't hear him cuz he's so tiny exactly exactly
Exactly my my home didn't cha see I was gonna say and maybe that we can do both these things in one track
Is you go post up at a rainforest cafe for a couple hours, and you just record?
Just a little bit of back. We get some room tone. I'm your waiter for today aren't I?
You want me to I'm your I'm your way to Tom Hines you hear about the specials today the rain forest cafe
Oh, do we get the research from Jordan in this one Nathan Drake's a waiter
Change don't tell anybody
Now it's time to stop okay doing jokes to talk about the only thing that matters in this world is business, okay
Let's go to the money zone
Being a local bon vivant man about town or it boy takes work and poise
But it doesn't actually have to take a ton of money if you have honey
The easy way to get yourself a little taste of luxury
Once you add honey to your computer just shop like normal on thousands of your favorite sites even
Luxury, I just want to start with you know up real quick
Don't add honey lowercase H to your computer that will break your computer break this is this is capital a tiny trap
Okay, now if you just click apply coupons a checkout when honey drops down
And if it finds a working coupon you'll see the price drop right before your very eyes and voila
You can indulge in a little opulence for a fraction of the cost I
Adore using honey. I've been using it to save myself a few extra bucks whether I'm shopping for different caviar gloves or
other different fancy stuff I
Always use honey, and it has saved me upwards of 17 perhaps even $18 in some cases on a wide
Variety of products perhaps more perhaps save me so much more than that and friends
Don't discuss money. I think I probably want you to say a more accurate total of how much money honey save you sometimes
I will tell honey no
I don't want to say that because I don't want the feeling of paying less than retail right
This is my problem with honey the one problem. I have with honey is I'd prefer to pay for retail, so I know I'm getting the full
experience right okay, if you're not like me though
And you'd like to save a few bucks get honey for free at join honey comm slash
Brother, that's join honey comm slash
Brother your website is is
Busted and I don't mean like it's no links aren't working on it probably is but it looks are you kidding me?
That that website you got it so
2015 it says here didn't it says here to like drag the other people's websites in the copy
It says really mean shit about our listeners websites, so I get I I apologize. I don't really feel that
That's not in my get specific Griffin. What are some bad things about their websites? Oh well Ricky you got a website
that's just all about your
windsurfing and
That one picture. It's not it. There's not even a picture of windsurfing on it, but you know who has great pictures of windsurfing
Squarespace they put them on practically every website, and that's what makes them beautiful with Squarespace
You can make a website that showcases your work
You can use it to sell products and services of all kinds promote your physical or online business
Or how much you like windsurfing or whatever and they have beautiful customizable templates created by world-class designers
Everything's optimized for mobile right out of the box these big
beautiful
sailing surfboards are gonna fit right on my fucking phone and I got iPhone mini and
They have analytics that help you grow in real time free and secure hosting nobody's gonna jack your fucking windsurfing pics
They will try a lot
And because that's what NFTs are and there's nothing to patch your upgrade ever
Timeless go to Squarespace comm slash my brother for a free trial and when you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother to
Save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain Ricky. Oh
I've also just been handed this very important an advertisement for it says the my brother my brother me live in virtual summer
Boybeque. Oh, yeah
That's this week we're doing a live show
June 25th 9 p.m. Eastern Time tickets are just $10 and this one is of course summer boybeque themed
Right just three of your favorite summer boys talking about summer stuff and a summer boybeque, right?
Yeah, so yeah
Sawbones is gonna open and if you can't make that June 25th 9 p.m. Eastern Time slot
video on demand will be available for two weeks after the show ends if you have questions for the live show you can send
It to mbmb am at maximum fun org and be sure to include
Virtual mbmb am in the subject line bit dot ly slash mbmb am virtual is where you can get those
Tickets and we'll see you at the summer of boybeque. We won't see you the camera
only
Records one way so don't the mirror may have two faces, but this camera only has one you will see us
You can be doing whatever you want on the other side
nasty
snacks
pharma it farts
Hi, my name is Graham Clark and I'm one half of the podcast stop podcasting yourself a show that we've recorded for many many years and
at the moment instead of being in person we're recording remotely and
You wouldn't even notice you don't even notice the lag
That's right Graham and
The great thing about this go ahead. No you go ahead. Okay, and go ahead and
You can listen to us every week on
Maximum fun dot org or wherever you get your podcasts your podcast
I
Keep up with the latest
Happenings in the supernatural paranormal
Paranatural super normal
Space as you all know there's a lot of great haunted items for sale on ebay
And I like to keep my finger on the pulse of the scene
especially when things are slow in the world of fast food and
Today we're going to be talking about
the spirit of Christian, huh, okay, and
And I'm gonna give you I'm just gonna real quick
shoot you guys a
Quick picture so you can find people normally end up digging these out from and and spreading them all over internet
so I'll save you guys the
Trouble and just shoot you a quick
picture of Christian
Whoa, that's awfully close-up. They don't have anything a bit further away
I know this is the closest when they had Griffin. I'm sorry. I know you'd like to get a little cheese
But let's talk about this. Let's talk about the spirit of Christian spirit of a vampire sexual. Oh, no. Oh my god
Welcome to my auction
Says here. Welcome
to my auction
Thank you for looking
Christian is
Very unusual to me. Oh boy
There is a definitely us vampire
sexual energy coming for my boy
When you feel hot breath coming from the back of your coming from the back of mine
Coming from the back of your honey, could you look at this because I'm not a doctor but
This shouldn't be going that way
Billowing around back there and I'm like what the fuck
When you feel hot breath coming from the back of your neck, he is present boy
the
Apparition of him is magnificent
I heard the words god, it's a it's such like a
Sometimes you read one of these and a line like that. It's like that's a really powerful combo of words
Whatever it took to get here. I'm glad we did, you know, the apparition of him is magnificent
He will manifest himself in your dreams and try to cover himself over
God a lot of challenging images and ideas
Yeah, and it's not even really that they're not so much of blood and gore in there
It's kind of a psychological horror with a grammatical
Yeah
Try he will try to cover himself confer himself over you ask him anything you want with a pendulum
but don't be surprised if every response turns back to sex Wow
Pinchelum though. I can't be surprised by that
What how what options are you offering the pendulum that you're letting it do that?
You know every
Again
Yeah, it's like a powerful lord with a little
Apparitions truly wonderful
Those eyebrows could use a little work. Don't be surprised if every response comes back to sex
he wants to tell you about all his desires and pleasures if
Communicating with him becomes dull in his opinion. He will stop responding
He only becomes graphic in your dreams
I start talking about like my interests and the things that I care about my family. He's like
You're a family. What do I care of this? I'll see you to what that dick do
Well, tell me about the dunger
J-brand or get to the hints and I just want to point out that so far
Then it just passively mentioned he's a vampire and then the rest of it is just about how wicked horny
They're kind of burying the lead
Is it possible? I'm glad he's horny. Don't get me wrong. Is it possible? The vampire thing is just assumed to from the horniness
This guy's got vampire levels of horny. If he's not a vampire, something's off
He's either a vampire or profoundly broken in a way that is unnerving
Okay, he only becomes a graphic in your dreams
He is not a demon and will not hurt you. He is only interested in sexual energy
So we might not hurt you physically. Yeah
He's a bit of a heartbreak. He's gonna challenge some of your preconceptions and ideals the only information I have from him
That is not connected to a sexual energy is
His place of origin is Vienna date
1804 and his name
Christian Alexander. All right
Okay, how much does this doll cost? How much money?
$69 I'm pissed. Yeah, it's $99. I'm gonna offer $69. If you buy it now. Oh
I'm gonna make a quick offer. I actually really want this one. It doesn't look pretty cool
You make him do some cool poses and make him fight your dumb pants though
Is there one of his pants to show if they're cool or not? I don't know if there's one of his pants or not
Let me just
Finish this sale. Okay
Hey, hey, hey, what kind of pants does a haunted doll wear what gulots
All right, I got a pants shot coming for you we also would have accepted boo jeans
That's actually a little better
Is it leader? I knew it. Yeah, they are leader Hosen
Okay, that's a good doll. I mean, it's a good dog
It's a great doll the he does not care who his partner is as long as they are willing very cool nice
very
Cool, if you are not
He will use all his charm to coax you into wanting him to be your desire
Let's not let's not go throwing a fucking Christian parade
Doll it will be intensive will be intensive. You will feel his bite
Oh, he he never leaves a mark, huh? That's not very vampire II
This is the fucking best
Do not contact me for more information. There will be none forthcoming Wow
Now that's this doll is 16 inches tall
That's what that's what pushes the sale
Anyway, I've built to this the the grand slam of
Do not contact me for more information. There will be none forthcoming
forthcoming
paragraph break
The doll is 16 inches tall I
Mean literally guys it is that all of I should mention also because it probably helps it land a little bit better all of the previous
Information is one paragraph
So there is one entire paragraph that is everything I've said and then at the end of that paragraph
It says do not ask for more information. There will be none forthcoming and then it says line break
The doll is 16 inches tall, which you could have definitely slid up somewhere in yeah a little earlier
But that is this week's haunted doll watch. It's all going great
Hey, thank you so much for listening to our podcast. We want to remind you one last time
The bbq is kicking off on the 25th. What is that out Friday? Yes feel like it's a Friday
I like that feels like it because it is that objectively bit.ly forward slash my bim bam virtual is
where you get tickets 10 bucks, we got some buttons in there, you know it and
There's a VOD so you can watch it, you know for like two weeks after the show is or something
I mean around make sure you send in your questions for the show and put virtual MBM BAM in the subject line
Go check out Macro a merch comm get our pin of the month before time runs out
It is a I would say a very cute
Version of Griffin. What's so cute about it?
well
It looks just like him saying I also want a sword from my brother my brother and me TV show and the proceeds of that benefit
the Trevor project which provides crisis intervention and suicide prevention services to lesbian gay bisexual
transgender queer and questioning youth under 25
And we also have the you're going to be amazing
Shirts a portion of the proceeds also go to Trevor project for that and on that note happy pride everyone. Yes
I hope you're having a good one and I hope you've been able to actually get out there and do stuff unlike last year
Which was a bummer. Hopefully you're getting to enjoy pride god. He good pride god. She good pride
Taz crystal kingdom is available for pre-order now. It's coming out real quick like in three weeks
Go to the adventurezonecomic.com comes out July 13th, and you can get the pre-order gift from our publisher first second
It's a Kravitz lenticular laptop sticker
You can submit those pre-order receipts to get that gift at bit.ly slash Taz for pre-order
Thank you to montaigne for the use of our theme song. My life is better with you as a hot track hot single
um, it's it's you know, there's listen the gears of
the music industry
are cranking
And that's all I'm gonna say about it
I told we that's all we can't say about it right now for legal reasons, but the gears
There's like there's like eight or nine different legal reasons and the gears are cranking. We're not trying to get sued
I mean, I am but Griffin and Justin won't let me get sued. I think it would be a fun
I'm never there. Yeah, this final yahoo was sent in front this time
It finally Yahoo was sent in by Arby's
Whoa, wait, sorry. Yeah, this is a sponsored final yahoo from the beef restaurant Arby's
It's asked by Yahoo answers user donkey lips
Oh, the roast beef restaurant Arby's found this one from the salute your shorts character donkey lips
who asks
JFK's
What's JFK's whole deal tell me for school
What's JFK's whole deal tell me for school
That's what it says
I'm Griffin McElroy. It's been my brother my brother me kiss your dad's square on the lips
Better it's better
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
Hi, I'm Allie Gertz and I'm Julia Prescott or the hosts of around
Springfield round Springfield is a Simpsons adjacent podcast where we talk to Simpsons folks about non Simpsons things
That's right
So in the past we've gotten to talk to legendary showrunners and writers like Al Jean Bill Oakley Josh Weinstein Dana Gould
Mike Reese and David X Cohen voice actors like Maurice Lamarge Maggie Roswell and Yardley Smith the voice of Lisa Simpson
Herself. Hell, yeah, so we've been away securing guests for our final five episodes
We won't tell you everybody, but we'll let you know that the last episode. It's kind of a big deal. We got Matt Groening
Homer's dad we got Homer's dad
Check out new episodes of round Springfield starting June 21st on maximum of fun or wherever you get your podcasts smell you later
