The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Travis McElroy, this is Justin Griffin. Sorry to rush, boys,
but we don't have time to, excuse my language, fart around.
We need to get down to business. It's not going to happen,
Travis. We are a month a month into 2020, and I don't know that there's any more laughter or love
happening out there than normal. I think maybe even marginally less.
This is a weird vibe to put down. I know you've been out the game for a little bit.
I know you've been doing the baby stuff. Not a lot of sleep, I'd guess.
Not a lot of sleep, but Justin and I like to take it fucking slow, baby.
Yeah, it's a building game. You can't checkmate on day 27th.
You can't checkmate on the 27th move of the chess game.
No one's ever done it. And I'm pretty sure, Justin,
just and I know that you've actually learned about chess and I haven't,
but if you checkmate on any move, I think it's just the last move of the game.
Yeah, they usually stop there. There's not a bonus round for more points.
It's not like checkmate. Now let's see where this goes.
I filled my life accidentally. My life was filled with laughter
and love this week, and I'd like to highlight it.
Sydney and I were on a road trip, our first road trip away from the children this week.
Was it intentional or accidental? Like, Kevin! Kevin! No, it was a regular,
non-humiliated situation. We stopped at a gas station in the middle of Zilcho, Ohio.
Just nowhere as well, Ohio. And we went in the gas station and we got some snacks,
and the lady at the counter said, these are buy one, get one free.
And that made us have to get a lot more snacks than we wanted,
but they were buy one, get one free, so we're not going to leave some freebies behind.
And the fella in coveralls behind us announces,
if Bernie Sanders wins, those will all be free. I said, huh?
That's an interesting energy was delivered to that statement.
He said, if Bernie Sanders wins, those will all be free.
Was he saying it in like a, won't that be totally fucking rad, I love free snacks kind of way?
Sydney said, actually that sounds, without missing a beat, actually that sounds pretty good
because of all the free snacks. And he said, it's not, it's scary.
Okay, listen, this is not an endorsement one way or the other,
but I'm pretty sure any candidate saying like, and hey, free snacks.
And hey, who here likes combos?
Right? No one's going to be like, I don't like your free snack policies.
If Bernie Sanders wins, all those snacks are free. Like that, yeah.
Okay. That, sir, I can tell by your whole steez, you don't think that sounds chill,
but if you break down the words, I don't think you could put accents on any of them
in a way that makes it not sound extremely good and chill.
Right. These colors don't run unless those Pringles are free 99,
in which case I'm fucking out of here, man. No way.
Yeah. So that was, that was filled my life with laughter that day.
I just want to let you guys know.
So I went to the mall and started handing out little paper bags of potpourri
that I had made, dried out my own sort of apple slices,
dried those the fuck out and I put some thyme and-
That sounds gross.
It's just apple and thyme.
Listen, Griffin, I'm glad you filled your life with love.
No, it's gross.
You know, I have a recipe if you start with grapes and thyme.
Do you know what you get when you mix grapes and thyme?
What?
Raisins.
That's filled my life with laughter and love. Thank you, Justin.
You can't hear it, but I'm laughing really fucking hard at that.
Boys, step aside, okay?
I have an idea that's going to turn this whole year around.
I feel like I have felt like you've had an idea, Trav,
and that's why you've sort of been handling this intro the way you have.
Listen, I'm kind of the idea man around here and everyone knows that
and everyone agrees I'm super good at it.
I think that you've got a fucking huge load of my bim bam goofs.
I've got all my energy is backed up.
You've been saving up and you need to just sort of clean the barrel a little bit.
Yeah, I need to discharge some of my goof juice.
Right, get it, get it.
Justin and I are going to go leave and you do your dirty thing
and then we'll come back when you're done.
This is my pitch.
The 20 funny challenge.
Everybody loves those viral challenges.
The ice bucket challenge, the other ones, the bottle flip challenge.
Planking, that one where you eat a spoonful of cinnamon.
Laying down in the middle of the road to prove to your coach that you made business.
Yes, all of these.
Eat a whole basketball.
Yes, I have two ideas.
One I think definitely has legs, but one has potential.
I'm going to start with that one and it's this.
Do you want to say, do you want to say, do you want to get ahead of this?
Do you want to stand right ahead of this and lay down on the road
like I did for my coach and say anything you're about to say, Travis,
people are actually going to do and send you a trillion pictures of on Tweeto.
Okay, part one is you say, you know, hi, it's, and then you say your name,
and I'm doing the 20 funny challenge.
Fill your life with laughter and love.
And then part three is you nominate the next person to do the challenge.
Right there in the middle, part two, you film yourself
watching the entirety of the movie Garfield starring Bill Murray.
That could be good.
Can it be also Tale of Two Kitties or just the first one?
Huh, that's a good, yeah, I think if you're really committed
to 20 funny, fill your life with laughter and love, you do that, sure.
So is it a video of them watching the movie?
Yes, it's on their face the whole time.
Okay, on YouTube for people to find, is that the idea?
Well, I don't want there to be any kind of legal issues
with the 20 funny challenge, so we can't show the movie.
So the movie edit must be muted.
Yes.
Or else we're gonna get copyrights, right?
So you need to watch Garfield muted.
With your ear pods in or whatever.
So this one, I think this one's got legs.
I think it's got legs, but this one could be the next big viral thing.
And it goes a little something like this.
You say your name, say, hey, it would go like this.
Okay, I can see from your guys' faces you're not getting the name part.
I'll say it like it's me.
Hi, I'm Travis McElroy, and I'm doing the 20 funny challenge.
Fill your life with laughter and love.
And then you tell a bad joke, a dad joke.
Mine, for example, would be a skeleton walks into a bar
and orders a drink and a mop.
And then you say something nice about the person
you're nominating to do it next.
Like I would say, and I'm nominating my brother Justin.
He's always been there for me, and he's never let me down.
And I love him.
No, that's the fucking joke.
Okay, now Griffin, next.
Did you hear what I said?
Did you hear what I said?
But that's a little laughter, but it's not any, there's no laughter.
You took a big diarrhea dump on my homemade potpourri,
so now I'm doing mine on yours.
Hey, okay, you know what?
I'm nominating my older brother Justin.
He's always been there for me and my little brother Griffin.
Everyone agrees he makes the best homemade potpourri in town.
What's the hashtag, baby?
Hashtag 20 funny challenge, and it's two zero F-U-N-N-Y challenge.
How about just we drop the challenge?
That's so many words.
Just hashtag 20 funny.
Hashtag 20 funny, this is good.
All right, I think that's gonna get it out there.
I mean, I could just nominate you guys.
You could say something nice about me.
But I'm not gonna nominate you.
That doesn't make any sense.
Hey, everybody, this is Griffin McElroy.
This is the 20 funny challenge.
Watch how high I can kick.
I wanna renominate Travis McElroy.
He said some dope shit about my potpourri.
Didn't do a joke.
Well, I figured that some people don't like doing jokes.
Like my joke, my comedy-
You can't change the challenge, Griffin.
Well, but my comedy is more observational than that.
The ice bucket challenge wasn't like dump a bucket of ice in your head
or get a nice cold drink out of it.
Well, I know, but my thing's a little bit more observational humor,
more narrative, confessional.
Pratt fall.
No, it wasn't a pratt fall.
I just did a really high kick and then I nominated Travis.
And maybe, and he pooped his pants when he kicked too high.
Yeah, I could rip a beaver or add in a beaver sound effect in there.
So I think it can be like a do a joke or some sort of like, you know, light stunt.
Like I don't wanna see people jumping from rooftop to rooftop.
I'm talking about like, how high up can you jump?
Maybe you can touch the ceiling with your fingertips.
That's cool.
Hey, this is Justin McElroy doing the 20 funny
fill your life with laughter and love challenge.
It's 20 funny challenge, fill your life with laughter and love.
20 funny challenge, fill your life with laughter and love.
Horse walks into a bar, bartender says, why the long face?
I'm nominating Amy Adams because she brings a lot of sparkle to every movie she's in.
Well, Amy's listening.
So, you know, she's on board.
Amy, I so appreciate you listening.
Thank you so much.
We're gonna begin our advice show now.
Travis was on paternity leave.
So I got to pick the questions.
So I picked extremely long questions.
That's right.
We're going on some journeys and I want y'all to come with me.
The irony here folks, just if I may, is as the regular question corraler,
Justin's the one who's always like, oh, this is a long one.
But apparently when Justin's in charge, the mice will play.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, the mice are playing.
So I don't want you to feel like I need to charge through the whole question.
If we need to take some diversions throughout, these questions can sustain.
They're powerful, powerful questions.
I work at a deli.
Okay, let's stop there.
So a deli, what is that?
I work at a deli and recently a woman came in for coleslaw after we had run out.
She told me that her favorite part of the coleslaw was the liquid anyway.
And asked if I could put the remaining liquid into a container for her.
That's risk, baby.
Oh boy, challenging, challenging stuff.
It's already extremely challenging.
Hey everybody, this is Griffin McRoy.
I'm doing the fill your life with laughter and love challenge.
20 funny challenge, fill your life with laughter and love.
I did a whole thing, did a whole shooter coleslaw juice.
I nominate President Barack Obama.
So anyway, we're gonna throw it out anyway.
Anyway, so I didn't put a price sticker on it.
And I told her to come back for one if the cashier gave her a hard time.
I wish they had because I would love to be like, okay, let me now affix value to coleslaw juice.
Let me affix monetary value to this coleslaw juice.
Apparently, she was able to walk out with no problem because she came back a week later
and asked for more coleslaw juice.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
This is how great products get started.
You know, like this is how top of the muffin to you got moving.
It's just the part that people like, which is apparently the juice.
Well, here's what I'll say.
I've never enjoyed the solid matter in the coleslaw particularly much.
So maybe the juice is the least bad part of the coleslaw.
This time we were not out of coleslaw, but there was only a little bit of cabbage left.
I refused to give it to her for free because it was actual coleslaw.
And she became upset.
She told me it was barely any cabbage.
Wait, consider it was really any cabbage.
It said she was going to pick the cabbage out anyway.
She should not pay for it.
So I do want to highlight that this person came in the week before as a coleslaw fan.
And then they fucking mainline coleslaw juice and realize like,
I've been wasting my time with all the chewing, chewing, chewing.
I need to just get the juice and do the thing I crave.
You should be paying me to pick all this lettuce out.
Listen, I'll come and I'll take your juice away.
You won't need to worry about where your juice goes.
Thanks to me and my juice removal service.
So there was an argument I got into with a customer at Jimmy John's,
cause we used to sell day old bread and you could get it for like a dollar.
And somebody came in and wanted to buy a thing of day old bread,
but we had sold all the day old bread.
So they wanted to just buy regular bread for a dollar
since we were out of day old.
And I had to explain to them that that is not how it works.
And they said, well, how old is that bread?
And I think they were trying to negotiate a price based on that bread's relative age.
Yeah, that's not quite as wild as free coleslaw juice,
but it is certainly, we'll put it up on the leaderboard.
At that point, is it still coleslaw?
Like I don't-
So here's, okay, wait, don't get ahead of me.
I told her no, but the ensuing argument made me think,
should I have charged her the first time?
Yes.
Should I have just given it to her the second?
No.
Surely if there was only one piece of cabbage in the liquid, that isn't coleslaw.
Incorrect.
But where is the line?
What is the exact ratio of liquid to cabbage?
At which point the mixture stops being slaw and isn't worth money?
Also, I do not know what this woman was doing with the juice,
but she said she liked it so much, quote,
she could just drink it.
And that's from Teresa.
Then Teresa, if I may, it sounds like you know exactly what she's doing with it.
I know what she's doing with it.
Here's the thing.
They say there's no such thing as a free lunch, right?
What they don't say is what lunch is to everybody.
Okay.
One man's coleslaw, Levins, is another woman's lunch,
and you've given her a free sort of slaw broth lunch.
I don't want to get too scientifical here, but I'm going to tell you guys the issue here,
and that is that we are looking at it backwards,
because it is not the addition of cabbage to juice that makes it coleslaw.
It is rather that we must look at it and say that the removal of the cabbage from the juice
does not make it no longer coleslaw.
Let me explain.
You have a bowl of juice.
You put one sliver of cabbage in.
That is not coleslaw.
What have you done?
But you start with a bowl full of cabbage, right?
And then slowly take some away until all of the cabbage is removed.
It continues to be coleslaw until it is zero cabbage.
I would say it is still coleslaw.
What is that juice?
I don't even know what the coleslaw is.
Coleslaw is, you know, the cap.
You got to have the cabbage in there, and then you're going to have mayonnaise,
but mayonnaise ain't juice.
Nobody's ever looked at mayonnaise and been like,
I'll have some of that fatty creamy white juice, please.
That's not a juice.
I guess maybe there's probably a little bit of vinegar in there,
but that's not what the juice is.
I think it's just water.
What's happening in there?
Where's the water coming?
Nobody's dumping a full fucking Aquafina bottle of water
into some cabbage and mayonnaise and saying, now that's slaw.
There's a vinegar element to this.
Well, so I think what you're getting in the juice is vinegar
and a little pot of mayonnaise and then like broke down,
like molecules of cabbage.
It's the molecules.
That's what I'm thinking is the molecules.
Cabbage is a very watery vegetable.
Right.
The breakdown of that I think is creating the water.
God, coleslaw sucks so bad.
It's the worst fucking food.
It's like homeopathy.
You're just getting like molecules of lettuce
and it's supposed to help you.
Hey, can I just say, Teresa,
I'm not, I don't know what else you do at your job.
So maybe everything else is so excellent.
That's great.
But you do work at a business.
So next time, if you're wondering if you should charge something,
like charge for something that you're giving to a customer,
the answer is yes.
Yes, they came in, they wanted a product.
You are giving them that product.
They're happy with that product.
You should charge for that.
All right, Travis, my brother's on the side of big deli,
but I'm a team coleslaw pervert here.
If people come in with these terrible needs,
these terrible desires,
the least you could do is support your fellow man
and hook them up with as much coleslaw juice as you can.
No, but that's the part they wanted.
They just wanted the juice.
Justin and I are over here throwing a fucking park bench
through the window of that deli.
We're gonna fucking smash capitalism and chug
the coleslaw juice, baby.
If you give away the juice for the next person
is gonna have less coleslaw.
And I think that's ideal for everybody.
Well, there's less coleslaw for them to get.
That's it.
If this person comes in again, you say,
go find a friend who just likes the cabbage part.
And then I will separate the two into two containers
and I will only charge you for one container.
But I'm not giving you half.
Codify it is what you're saying.
And then every other non-pervert that comes in
will have to stand there as you look at them
straight in their human eyes and say,
and how much juice would you like with that slaw?
Right, yes.
We juice it to order.
Yes, this is bespoke juicing.
Uh, that's good.
It's not, it's still coleslaw at the end of the day.
But do you guys want a yahoo?
I like a nice dry slaw.
Uh, yes.
And I like it 25 feet away from me as the crow flies.
A bunch of people sent this one in.
Thank you.
It's from yahoo answers user hockeypnc1 who asks,
why does the restaurant give me such a small cup
when I ask for a water cup?
Don't they trust me?
There's probably some sort of, you know,
big capitalist energy answer for this question
of just like, they don't want you to drink the water.
They want you to drink the Coca-Cola.
And so they want you to run out of water,
see, you know, Joe six packs Coca-Cola over there
and say like, well, I'm done with the clear beverage.
I would like the brown beverage now.
You took this a different way than I did,
which I assume this was like a fountain drink scenario
where I've said, I need a cup and they handed me
like a tiny child's cup to get a tiny bit of water out of,
can I just say the same nozzle the high sea comes out of?
Come on, where's my separate water nozzle?
I don't want a little bit of high sea in there.
That is for sure not a hundred percent water.
You're gonna get some high sea on that.
But they probably do not trust you.
Well, yeah, why would you?
They've probably been hurt a lot before.
I know, I don't think this is going on as much anymore,
but there was the very terrible like YouTube prank going on,
sort of the opposite of the fill your life
with laughter and love challenge.
There's the 20 funny challenge.
Where people were ordering cups of water at drive-throughs
and then eating it like directly right back into the-
Yeah, baby, fucking-
Yeah, rip it.
That one, rip that one.
Rip it.
Loving it.
Holy shit.
Yeah, baby.
Oh my God, that's a crisp one, bud.
Oh, that was, did you open two at once?
What was that?
Double fist it.
Fucking yes, baby.
Coke Zero, more like Coke Hero.
This one's actually a strawberry guava diet Coke.
Shit, that's so gnarly.
Okay, so that's not good.
It was bad that they did that.
So maybe that sort of meant that just mankind could not be
trusted with water going through a drive-through.
I do this to my kids.
You don't trust your kids?
I don't trust my kids with a larger cup
than I care to clean up with a paper towel.
Yes.
I have to envision everything I hand to my child upended on the floor.
And so I don't give them any, it's my fault at that point.
If I have to clean up something larger
than a very small cup of water, that's on me.
This is how I feel every time my daughter
sees me drinking something in an adult sized cup
and says, I would like a drink of that.
And then I try to help her and she says no.
And I think, well, there's the rest of my day gone.
That's my day.
I think that all the cups should be smaller.
I think if you go to an Applebee's
and they give you a smaller water cup,
this is not a thing that happens at any chain restaurant.
This is only fast food, yes?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, because at the chain restaurant,
they don't want to have to keep sending someone over there
as you're taking shots of H2O.
That's a good point, Travis.
Okay, well, when I'm at the fast food restaurant,
I'm just saying, have you seen the size
of some of these sodas?
They're pretty big.
Can I also throw this out?
Here we go.
Are you kidding me?
I gotta hear more about these big sodas.
Okay, Griffin, go on in the background
while I make my point.
My car started to drag its front end
and flipped upside down.
And I have to drive and work upside down.
I think that not only should all cups be smaller,
I agree with you, Griffin.
I think also, taking a note from the water cooler design,
all cups should be conical
so that we cannot set them down.
You either finish it while you're holding it
or you throw it away.
That is brutalist office design.
I've never thought of that.
Are they conical so you can't set them down?
There's no other reason, Justin.
It's a literal spike.
It's an actual spike.
That's what Hellraiser drinks out of.
I just assumed they were cheaper to produce,
but there is something about like,
I don't want fucking cups everywhere.
Here you go.
Now you have to throw them away.
You gotta finish it and throw it away.
Or turn it into a fun bird beak.
Or a tiny dunce cap.
Fun hat.
A little crown of a bad kingdom.
That's pretty good.
I'm just saying some of these cups are so big
I fell in one and drowned once.
I am a law school student living in a pretty okay apartment
and I've been in this apartment since I started law school
about a year and a half ago.
My landlord has been pretty okay up until now,
but he just did something that has blown my mind.
I asked him to fix my sink
because it was leaking from the bottom.
And he said he'd do it during a time when I'd be in class.
Past experience told me this is fine, so I'll let it happen.
I come back to my apartment and the sink is sitting on top
of a folded pizza box.
Of a folded pizza box.
Wait, what?
It's the-
Of a folded pizza box.
How could that be true?
It's fixed, but brothers, I have no idea
where this pizza box came from.
Wait.
Did he bring it with him?
I haven't eaten pizza in two months.
What do I make of this?
That's from Cassie in Albany.
Did he fix the sink by putting a pizza box under it?
What it sounds like to me is he fixed the sink.
To catch the drippings?
I'm trying to work through,
here's what I think might be happening here.
Is that the folded pizza box is sort of like
underneath the basin and it's sort of like pushing it up.
This is not how it, this is not what this question means.
That can't possibly, that can't be it.
It's just, I don't know how you, it's leaking.
Uh-huh.
Right, so just squish a pizza box under there.
That's how a kindergartner would fix it.
Yeah, this is, Cassie, if I may,
there's two words in here that do not go
with the rest of the question.
You can't say it's sitting on top of a pizza box
and it's fixed, it's fixed.
I think it's two separate ideas.
Okay.
I think the landlord ordered a hot and ready
and treated themselves to it as they did the dirty sink work.
And they were embarrassed that they ate a pizza
in your house, so rather than put it in your trash can,
they folded it up and jammed it under your sink,
and in doing so, somehow fixed the leak.
They didn't fix it, you're going at this with like
wild LucasArts adventure game logic.
Nobody's ever used pizza box on sink.
But Griffin, okay, I come back to my apartment
and the sink is sitting on top of a folded pizza box.
There's no room for daylight there.
The sink is somehow sitting atop a folded pizza box.
And then let me see next two words, it's fixed.
There's just the reason I put it,
there's one still image in the world
that maybe Cassie captured, maybe they didn't,
that makes this all go away.
There's just one picture that would congeal
the entire situation of my mind, and I cannot conceive of it.
The sink was too low.
So it was leaking.
So it leaked, sinks are very, very particular.
How about another question?
Well, I have a new segment I would like to try.
Oh wow, okay.
I was away for some time, and this is, listen,
this one's a little more straightforward,
there's not a big goof here,
but I wanted something everyone could participate in.
So I called this segment, Play Along at Home.
Oh, hello, didn't see it come in there.
I'm about to ask my brothers, Justin and Griffin,
some questions, why don't you play along at home?
Are you guys ready?
You need us for this too?
I thought the listeners were taking our role.
No, you're here, no, you guys are gonna try to answer.
I was gonna follow their lead.
No, they play along at home.
They don't play first at home, they play at home.
Is this like a sparring in fifth grader,
like you're gonna embarrass us?
No, no, no, no.
These are just some very straightforward questions,
and it sounds like they're not from the way I said that,
but they are very straightforward.
Can I ask one last question?
Are you getting these questions
from some sort of disreputable website?
No, I made these questions up.
This is a straightforward, legitimate quiz.
In the song, It Wasn't Me,
how many times is the phrase, it wasn't me, spoken?
Huh, probably an even number, I would guess.
That makes sense.
I'm gonna say 32 times.
Justin.
Wow, I'm actually gonna say 18 times.
Ooh, Justin's the closest, it's 15 times.
Oh, it's not.
It wasn't an even time, because once, in one line,
the non-Shaggy singer says,
how is she supposed to believe it wasn't me?
Oh, and at one point, Shaggy does say, it was not me.
It was not me.
If you check the records, of the United States,
how many state names have more vowels than consonants?
Five.
Justin.
I'm gonna say eight.
10.
Team.
Eight, eight.
10.
Alabama, Arizona, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Indiana, Iowa,
Louisiana, Maine, and Ohio.
Cool, I'm comedy rule of threes.
Come on, third one's gonna be super fun.
How many times, altogether,
did I see the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise in theaters?
14.
12.
Justin, you are correct.
I saw the first one, Curse of the Black Pearl,
nine times in theaters.
I saw two, three, and four once in theaters,
and saw the fifth one on a plane.
I hope my prize is a joke from you.
Okay, one more, one more question.
If you were to stand Travis's end to end,
how many Travis's would you need to be taller
than the Empire State Building?
I feel like we're on a fucking car trip right now,
and I just like picked up-
How many Travis's?
If you stood Travis's end to end,
how many Travis's would you need-
It's like I'm reading a highlights zine made by Travis.
To be taller than the Empire State-
I also had a question here about Shakespeare shows,
but I edited that one for time.
For time.
I might throw it in if we have a tie.
I would say 220 Travis's.
Okay, Griffin?
I'm gonna say 221 Travis's.
Oh, it's 250 Travis's.
Griffin is correct.
Eat my ass, Justin, booyah.
You fell in my trap.
Thank you, no thank you.
I think in this circumstance, yeah,
three out of four Justin was closest.
Congratulations, Justin.
You won the first of I'm sure many play along at home.
Okay, well, that was funny.
And now the money's out.
Let's not go to the money zone.
I think we need to debrief.
And I'll cut the, don't worry, Trav.
I'll cut the debrief out of the show starting right here.
That clap was for me to see when to start cutting it.
Well, Griffin, let me explain to you.
It's fun because-
Yeah, do it, man.
Just explain your whole concept for it
because we're not in the show anymore, definitely.
So often the things we do on the show are just for us
and we have a good time doing them,
but are the people at home enjoying it?
I thought, and so I thought this time
they could play along at home.
Right.
So you created, hold on, sorry.
I just need to clarify something.
Your intent with this was a way to help listeners
pass the time while they listened to our show.
We were opening the door and saying,
hey, come on inside and play along at home.
Just to give them a break from the comedy,
you wanted to give them like a coloring mat at Applebee's.
When you watch kids TV, right?
Every so often the people on the show
will stop what they're doing and turn towards the audience
and be like, which one's the square?
I thought it would be nice if we included a moment like that
where someone would be like,
I helped the brothers figure out how many times
Travis saw Pirates of the Caribbean franchise in theaters.
We should be giving the listeners some sort of puzzle.
That's a good point because not all of them like it.
And also we keep getting calls from the police like,
we got another dead body here.
They laughed too much at the show, too constantly
that they forgot to fucking breathe again.
So if you could start adding in a segment
that would be guaranteed a time for people-
By design, I would say.
Guaranteed a time to do some deep contemplative breathing.
Yeah, well, here's the thing Griffin,
we're not supposed to fill our lives with laughter or love.
So here's the love part of the show.
The love part is that Travis has provided,
the love part is that Travis has provided
a sort of chill out tip right in the middle of our podcast.
It's not all about goof, if it's all goofs-
It is, it's a fucking comedy show.
But it can't all be peaks, Griffin.
There's gotta be fucking valleys.
Oh, sorry.
So you admit it's a valley.
No, but it's a restful time
where everyone can play along at home.
It's a chill restful valley, like a little hammock.
So they can play along at home.
Hanging between two listenable podcast trees.
Yes, it's a chance to play along at home.
But when people laugh at our baller jokes,
that is a way of playing along at home, Travis.
No, no.
Where's the chance for them to yell at the screen
like in Jeopardy or Wheel of Fortune, right?
They're laughing along with us
and while we're like, everybody loves Raymond.
That's great, everybody loves that.
Everybody loves Raymond.
But then where's the point for them
to feel superior to you guys?
Right, like the RPG element, right, yeah.
Thank you for bringing interactivity to the program, Travis.
You're welcome.
It's a grand slam.
And with that, we will squire everyone away
to the Money Zone.
We got a new sponsor this week.
What?
A new, yes.
So we're new to talk about, it's Honey Book.
It sounds nice, doesn't it?
It does sound nice.
Is it just a book full of honey?
It is a business management tool.
You got in, you started your artisanal donut shop
to make artisanal donuts and create new recipes,
I'm assuming.
Yes, I did.
So Travis, you shouldn't waste a bunch of time
doing garbage that you don't wanna do
and Honey Book helps with that.
It helps you automate your busy work.
They got templates for emails, proposals,
brochures, invoices.
It organizes your communications with your clients,
your bookings, contracts, and invoices.
It's all one place.
It just makes running a small business that much easier
so you don't have to mess around with all the whack,
boring stuff that you don't care about.
Justin, hey, Justin.
Yeah?
Can Honey Book teach me how to make donuts?
This is a problem.
Because I invested-
Right now, can I be honest with you guys?
I don't mean to freak you out.
I invested all of our podcast money into this donut business
because I love donuts.
You know that.
Right, yeah.
What was the name of it again?
Of the donut business?
Holes to Me.
Holes to Me.
Yeah, right.
It was going off of like, it's all holes to me, but like-
I thought we were gonna call it Holes On for one more day.
Oh, that's right, that is better.
What about Holes Your Horses?
Well, that sounds like we're gonna hurt horses, which I-
I thought we were gonna call it Donut on My Breakfast.
Oh, no.
How about Donut November?
Right now, Honey Book is canceling all their other ads with us,
but also right now, Honey Book is offering our listeners 50% off
when you try honeybook.com slash my brother.
Payment is flexible.
This promotion applies whether you pay monthly or annually.
Go to tryhoneybook.com slash my brother for 50% off your first year.
That's tryhoneybook.com slash my brother.
Hey, are you sad because you can't get Donut on My Breakfast right at home?
You wake up and you're just-
You're not feeling putting on your big boy pants,
but you really want some Donut on My Breakfast.
Well, maybe think about getting up on DoorDash.
I don't think they work with Donut on My Breakfast because-
Not yet.
It's fictional, and also I think that they have standards,
but they do work with over 340,000 restaurants in 3300 cities
to get food delivered to your home when you use the DoorDash app.
You just pick what you want to eat,
and food will be delivered to you wherever you are.
Oh my God, you guys, even as we're recording this segment,
the orders are flooding in from DoorDash.
My business is saved.
Hey.
Thank you, DoorDash.
You know what I like about DoorDash?
What?
DoorDash, I try to eat healthier.
It's the beginning of the year.
I'm sure a lot of people are.
And a lot of times I just don't feel like the extra work it takes
to cook something healthy.
And in those situations, DoorDash is great
because you can order ahead of time,
get something healthy delivered right to you,
and you don't have to put in all the work
of actually making something.
Also, not just to your house,
because I've been out at bars before,
got there and found out they didn't serve food,
and I was starving.
I've DoorDashed to a bar before.
What's up?
Not close.
That's pretty cool stuff.
Right now our listeners can get $5
off their first order of $15 or more.
When you download the DoorDash app
and enter the promo code MYBROTHER,
all one word, that's $5 off your first order.
When you download the DoorDash app from the App Store
and enter promo code MYBROTHER,
one last time, promo code MYBROTHER
for $5 off your first order from DoorDash.
Hey, Jake Heath.
Hey, Helen.
I hear you have a true-false quiz you want me to finish.
I do.
Here we begin.
We host a trivia game show podcast
on the Max Fun Network called Go Fact Yourself.
True.
Correct.
The show is all about celebrity guests
answering trivia questions about things Jake Heath enjoys.
False.
We sometimes don't talk about baseball or cats.
Thank God.
It's questions about things they enjoy.
Next, we bring on surprise experts every episode.
True.
Correct.
Final question.
It's just the two of us sitting alone with these guests.
False.
Correct.
We have a live audience at the Angel City Brewery.
See?
You can hear Go Fact Yourself every first and third Friday
of the month.
And if you don't listen, you can go fact yourself.
True.
I want to munch!
Squad!
I want to munch!
Squad!
Squad!
I want to read one headline, and it's just,
Chuck E. Cheese's parent names David McKillop's CEO.
I just think it's weird that Chuck E. Cheese lets his dad
pick who's going to run the company.
I'm Charles F. Cheese, the kingmaker.
So, right.
So, OK.
So, Mr. Peanut died.
Yeah, I knew it.
I fucking knew it.
Is this played?
Mr. Peanut died saving the lives of Matt Walsh.
And what's this?
So random.
It's so random.
It's like, I saw it.
I saw the news.
New York Times front page, big font, top of the headline.
And I was like, fucking random, dude.
I saw the news, and I thought, good.
Eat the rich, you know?
With his monocle, his top hat.
Well, he's also a nut.
So you could chomp down right on him.
But can I say something, though?
Yeah.
Is it about how random it is?
It's random.
We've covered that.
Can I say what else?
What?
It's fucking twisted, dude.
It is twisted.
That's their guy.
That's their whole guy, and he's been in all the commercials.
And they're like, what are we going to do for the big game?
Let's kill Mr. Peanut.
It ends with a card that says Mr. Peanut, 1916 to 2020.
Because he's 104 years old, and he died.
And I just wanted to point out that this is an ad that ran before the Super Bowl.
This press release, one, details exactly what happens in that, in prose.
The entirety of that.
You can see it.
They're all in a car.
It's the novelization of the commercial.
It's a new concept.
Yep, last year, Mr. Peanut saved friends from snacking disappointment.
This year, he's saving lives.
The newly released pregame ad shows Mr. Peanut, Matt Walsh, and Wesley Snipes are on a nutty
adventure in the Nutmobile, where Mr. Peanut is forced to swerve, causing the vehicle to
spin out of control.
The trio jumps out of the Nutmobile, clinging onto a tree branch, as the vehicle crashes
down into a deep canyon below.
They momentarily find safety until their combined weight begins to break the branch.
In the ultimate act of friendship, Mr. Peanut lets go and sacrifices himself
to save his friends from impending doom.
Yeah, he does.
And then it says you can watch him die in this video.
You can watch him die.
And they're going to show that in the pregame.
And then the brand's official Super Bowl commercial will air in the third quarter of the game
and broadcast Mr. Peanut's funeral.
Oh, funny, funny.
That's going to be fucking funny.
And then, but then can we just, he is going to smash out of the grave, right?
I mean, he's got to smash out of the grave with like a new look.
Guys, I think he's really fucking dead.
I think he needs fucking toast, dude.
I saw him fall down and I saw the car explode and I think he's really fucking dead, you guys.
There's no getting out of this one.
That brand mascot is dead as hell.
I don't see him coming back.
I think he's fucking dead as shit.
The fact that Mr. Peanut fell 100 miles into a huge ravine and Wesley Snipes didn't say
and me without my jelly is probably the biggest comedy tragedy of this generation,
or perhaps any other.
Can I?
I want to float them in the limits in everyone's mind of logging into Twitter someday in the
morning and seeing the breaking news that actor-comedian Matt Walsh has died saving
Wesley Snipes and Mr. Peanut in a car accident.
Well, no, because it'll be Mr. Peanut and then then Matt Walsh and then Wesley Snipes
who have won the tontine and he'll get all the money.
Okay, see, yes.
So it's going to be a really funny funeral for this beloved peanut who has lived longer
than pretty much anybody on earth and then we killed him because that's what we do.
I wanted to hear about his family at the lake.
They got smashed.
What does that mean?
Because they're peanuts.
Smashed peanuts?
Like that great treat, smashed peanuts?
Because they get turned into peanut butter.
Okay, that you're nothing.
Air whooshed into peanut butter.
Fans who-
No, hold up.
Wait, Travis started doing like a Mr. Evil impression accent and that's when it was
getting good for me.
So again, but as Mr. Peanut Butter.
I love it.
Say something else as Mr. Evil.
Justin, shut the fuck up.
One million dollars.
In addition to mourning Mr. Peanut during his funeral, fans have several ways to celebrate
his life, including fans who spot the nutmobile leading up to and on game day will receive
a commemorative pin celebrating Mr. Peanut's life.
Hey y'all, I know that motherfucker's dead.
If I see the nutmobile driving around, I'm going to freak.
Also, if I get a pin and then find out he's not dead,
I'm going to feel like a real asshole.
Mr. Peanut enthusiasts can show their family and friends how much the legume meant to them
by sharing the black crying monocle and their favorite memory on social using hashtag repeanut.
I feel like they're not taking this seriously.
They're like making a big fucking joke out of it.
A man has died.
Yeah, a man has died and he may be a peanut butter man.
And, but I mean, just because he was a peanut doesn't mean his memory needs to be assaulted.
The ad was produced by-
Was that another peanut joke?
No, sir.
Okay, who do you wish had died-
In that three?
In that three.
I mean, Mr. Peanut.
Fuck a merry kill.
Can I just say though, I am really glad they were filming when the car crash happened.
Cause if he had just died, like if he had just died, if he had had a heart attack and just died,
and then we see it in the news, they like smell rotten peanut coming from his hotel room or
something like five days later, like that would have been sad.
But at least they were recording on tape.
Yeah, they got a commercial out of it.
They recorded it when he died and exploded.
So now I feel like I get a chance to say goodbye.
I just want to say that there's no combination of the three of them in which I don't end up
choosing Mr. Peanut for kill.
Not for kill.
Yeah, cause he's, and the reason for that is that he doesn't have flesh and bone and blood
and brain and organs and cells and nerves.
Brand Twitter fucking jizzed all over itself trying to get a slice of this one.
Everybody's tweeting about this, this tale.
I think the most hypocritical one is Snickers who said,
we too would sacrifice it all for the nut. Hashtag RIP Nut.
And hey fucking Snickers, you've been burying his brethren for decades in people's maws.
I don't know where you get off being indignant about the loss of one peanut when you've been
absolutely murdering them for ages.
I think-
PETA said that nuts have been a great source of protein for a long time.
Whoa, shut the fuck up.
You can't even, we're trying to have fun over here with this dead ass nut.
And you come in here like, well, let me tell you about the body science.
So Uno, the brand Uno of the game, you know the game Uno?
So that brand replied to the other brand, which is now, I will give it up.
The Twitter name of Mr. Peanut has changed to the estate of Mr. Peanut.
Yeah, that does rule.
That is extremely good.
I will give you your proper respect for that.
Uno replied to the tweet, what?
No, we're dropping a reverse card on this. Hashtag RIP Nut.
Hey Uno, can I talk to you over here for a second?
It's 2020.
If you have had the ability to drop reverse cards on events of the world,
I do not know why you've been on the fucking bench until now.
I can't believe this is against you in the fucking game, Uno.
You must have just drawn it, I hope.
Because if you have had this ability this entire time,
and this is where you say this far, no far.
Listen guys, we only have enough chrono silk to operate the time loom once.
So we, and we've been waiting.
I think Mr. Peanut's the one we got to burn it on.
If you're already got the reverse card going,
if you could just let it run for a few years,
I would love another second, another pass at this.
Very, very well done, Peanut Company.
Can I do a Yahoo?
Yes.
Yeah, please.
It was sent in by Kevin. Thanks, Kevin.
It's anonymous Yahoo answers user.
I'm gonna call Mr. Peanut out of respect.
Does the washing machine in a home slash apartment
share the same water that comes out of the toilet?
Now I think that this person's probably smart enough to know
that you don't flush your dirty toilet water down
and then it goes back up into the washing machine
because I've certainly done both at the same time before
and like, I know that's not how it works.
But I guess I'm confused about what the flow direction,
like, is there one big pipe
and this pipe would be called like Griffin's water pipe
and then whenever I turn on washing machine,
Griffin's water pipe is like, let's get some water up there.
Yes.
But then Griffin's downstairs toilet pipe
is like same water?
Or is there a yucky water pipe
and then good healthy boy water pipe?
I've always pictured it kind of like a whimsical
kind of like pipe organ in a Disney cartoon
or maybe one of those Disney movies like Mary Poppins
or it's like mostly live action, but some animated stuff
and like the pipe organ would be animated
and it's like, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
And some of the pipes are nasty water.
I love that, yeah.
And there's somebody definitely playing it for each house.
Yes, definitely.
Somebody's got somebody underneath each house.
There has to be some kind of oversight, right?
Oh, you just flushed your toilet?
Let's get some of the yucky water in there.
Don't waste the good boy water on there.
Because otherwise you're telling me that like,
it's up to a machine and I don't trust that.
I don't trust a machine to always know
where the nasty water can come, where the good water can go.
Right, exactly, yeah.
No, yeah, because the computer's gonna switch it
as like a cyber joke.
Because the other option, the other thing that,
I don't know, scientists might try to tell me
is that the water in my toilet is the same
as the water in my sink.
And there's no way that's true, scientists.
Can't possibly be true.
Justin's trying to Google the,
I know Justin's Googling the answer,
like how does potty water work?
Because he wants to be the smart,
he always has to be the smart one.
I don't know, it's just like, it's so,
I just, you flush it and it goes to the sewer.
But how's it come back, Justin?
It's not about where it goes.
How's it come up?
Because it's filling from the same place
as your potable water does.
Whoa, whoa.
You have one, you don't have a potable
and non-potable water source going into your home.
You're telling me, wait, stop, fuck you.
Are you telling me that in my sink is doo-doo water?
No, Travis.
No, in your toilet is sink water.
It's all in perspective, baby.
But then my toilet, the water that comes up
and grabs my poop and takes it away,
is the same water that I use
to wash my Lexapro down my throat?
No, the same water you use to wash your Lexapro
down your throat is so fancy
that you're also treating your dookies.
That seems like a waste.
Hey, it's 2020, let's save some time
and like money and energy where we can.
I don't need fancy water to grab my dooks.
All right, you wanna save money?
Our infrastructure is a fucking disgrace
and we're supposed to run new non-potable lines
to everyone's homes?
Are you okay, wait, let's start here.
First, new lines to Flint, Michigan.
Then, new lines to grab my dookie water.
This is what's bugging me out, man.
And sometimes we pretend like we don't know things
on this show to like be funny.
And like, that's why we say sometimes funny stuff
like that the, you know, potty water would get
in washing machine and like, that's funny.
But I'm just double checking now.
I'm not washing my clothes in poo-poo pee-pee water, right?
That's, right?
No, no.
I just wanna make sure I haven't been doing it.
I just wanna make sure I haven't been doing it wrong
this whole time.
Cause I didn't, you know, I've been adulting for a bit now
but no one ever really teached me how.
So just making sure it's not,
I haven't been cleaning my clothes with poo-poo pee-pee water
or brushing my teeth with it.
You know, I used to watch those tiny house shows
and the people would sometimes just kind of,
let's be honest, shit in a box.
And they would say like, it's a compostable toilet
but you're shitting in a box.
But now that I'm thinking about the risk
of washing my clothes in poo-poo pee-pee water
and I think maybe instead I poop in a box.
Maybe I poop in a box.
I just think the pipe should be above the ground
cause when they're under the ground,
that's where first of all, the machines can tell it
where to go and which one gets put, yeah.
Also that's fun cause then you can follow them
like they do in Jurassic Park
where there's like follow the red pipe
and you know the red pipe is the hot water
and the blue pipe is the cold water
and the brown pipe is the poo-poo pee-pee water.
Yeah.
So embarrassing.
What, Justin, what?
This is so embarrassing.
It's like you guys aren't even saying anything.
This is embarrassing, I'm embarrassed.
I just think that, here's the thing,
electricity, I don't fucking care.
How comes electricity and internet and phone wires
get to be high up in the sky, paraded high up in the sky.
Look at us, everybody.
We've got electricity in us.
You have to look at us.
Birds are gonna sit on us
and poo-poo all over your cars and crosswalks.
No matter what, cause we're electricity,
we get to be up high.
And meanwhile, all the water is like,
we have to live below the earth like sloppy mole men.
I think we give it a chance to switch them around
and we let the water ones be up above
where we can keep an eye,
it's that way we can see the water.
The water goes through the wires.
And the internet goes through the pipes.
The pipes are gonna be way up high.
So wait, big, heavy water pipes up in the sky?
Not up in the sky, like 10 to 12 feet off the ground.
You can put little birds on top of that,
that would look dumb.
I mean, we can get all kinds of animals up there,
but the pipes will be clean
and there'll be one clean water pipe
and they'll be going in towards the city,
but then there will be the dookie water pipe.
Maybe we paint that one black.
So we can see into it.
I might be way off base here,
but I'm gonna throw some spaghetti at the wall
and see if it sticks.
Clear pipes.
Yeah, no.
So you can see it all.
That's what I'm saying.
And just throwing this out here too, three pipes.
One for clean, potable sink and laundry water.
One for whatever water.
We don't need to put a dirty label on it.
And then the third one,
just you see some salmon swimming in there.
Oh, that's nice, that's relaxing.
Yeah, for the animals to get through.
How's a fish supposed to get through the city?
Right?
Fish wants to see shit.
How come a bird gets to see everything?
Fish never gets to see nothing.
Yeah, fish see nothing.
Hey, thank you so much for listening to our podcast.
We've so enjoyed spending time with you.
Thanks for being patient with us
in like weird schedules over the past couple months
between like live shows and travel
and holidays and births of children.
Thank you for your understanding.
We hope you've enjoyed the programming
that has been available to you.
Yes.
Also, we're gonna be performing some live shows
here in Cincinnati at the end of February.
February 19th, we're gonna be doing
My Brother, My Brother and Me.
And February 20th, we're going to be doing
the Adventure Zone.
You can get those tickets by going to McElroy.family
and clicking on tours.
And if you click on merch,
you'll see all the new cool merch we've got there,
including my favorite,
some new Adventure Zone graduation pins,
one for heroes, one for villains,
one for sidekicks and one for hinges.
I think they're all super cool.
Thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song.
Holy shit.
It's a departure.
I got it confused with the other show that I do
that I say the name of the theme song for
and I actually forgot the name of this
500 episode long podcast theme song.
I apologize to everybody, but it's a good song.
Great album.
Go check it out.
And also thanks to Maximum Fun
for having us on the network.
Go to MaximumFun.org, check out all the great shows there
like Mission to Zix or JV Club with Janet Varney
or a bunch more all at MaximumFun.org.
We have other stuff at McElroy.family
like Travis talked about.
So that's gonna do it for us.
Every week on the show,
we have Griffin read a Yahoo answer
that we think about and come back next week and discuss.
This one's sent in by Ivy.
Thanks.
It's synonymous Yahoo answer user also.
Mr. Peanut Rips up asks,
how come if we flew to the moon,
nobody ever tried to fly underneath the earth
to see what's really down there?
Whoa!
My name's Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
He's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Just grab my lips.
