The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother made advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm Craig. I'll be your server this evening. Can I interest you guys in some
magnum shrimp on a crispy toast? Uh actually, Craig, I was looking at the uh
do you do the magnum shrimp on like a grilled or maybe like a ceviche?
We don't. What is that? You're just using words that we've never heard here at the Applebee's.
You never heard the word grilled? We invented the grill. What was the other one? Servicer?
Ceviche? We're here at the Applebee's for Father's Day waiting for Dad to show up
um and also celebrating Justin. This is Justin. Happy Father's Day. Thanks guys.
Wow, what an honor. I'm a dad. You didn't even ask me. You didn't even ask your old pal Craig
about his children. Craig, are you a dad? How many children do you have, Craig? 19.
19 children? Yes. You could have more? Human children? Six of those. Six human children.
What are the other 13? How many are real doll babies? How many of the what's are what's?
How many are real doll babies? Of the of the human children or all of them? It's a complicated
diagram. I hope you're not counting real doll babies. Okay, how many of your human children
are real doll babies? None. Pound puppies? Yes. Wait, hold on. Some of your human babies
are pound puppies. 13 pound puppies, six real doll human babies. You said none of your babies
are real dolls. They're not real dolls. They're CPR test dummies. What can I get you all started
with some appetizers? I would like a jalapeno mudslide, please. That's a happening. I would
like for your voice to not sound like a malfunctioning talk boy. That's my problem. My
brother fed me one at force when I was six. I used a tremendous amount of brother force to get that
talk boy down the throat. The battery's been running out for years. In that case, I'll have
the steak quesadilla towers. I'm gonna need one of y'all to punch me in the throat to start the
rewinding of the tape. Why don't you head on back to the kitchen. I'll rewind the tape and you give
our order. If you see our brother Griffin on the way back from the badmama jamma slamma bamma
bathroom, maybe you could. Oh, I forgot my doggone gear notebook again. So I'm gonna need y'all to
start over with the food and the drinks that you want to take and consume. You know what, I actually
think we're not ready to order yet. We're gonna wait for our dad. That's fair. I'm a dad, y'all
know about that. All right, I'll tell you see talk to y'all later. I'm gonna go hit the drawn.
Hey guys. Oh, hey. Did you see Craig on the way? Uh, no. I did see some sort of swamp thing-esque
monster and it looked like he had a microphone coming out of his throat. Anyway, uh, should I
sit? Where should I sit? Yeah, Griffin, I got you a booster seat. Just pop up right there.
Thanks. You know how little my legs are and how short my butt is. Here I go. You're notoriously
short butted. Hi everybody, I'm Griffin McElroy. I'm the youngest brother. We have a lot of fun
here on the podcast, but today let's talk about something serious. Pennies from heaven. Pennies
from heaven. Who knows? I know where they come from, but where do they go? Today, an expose.
Didn't you guys recently, you went to Guy Fieri restaurant, didn't you? Yes. How does that stack
up compared to this, uh, to this Applebee's? Uh, we haven't eaten this Applebee's yet, but, uh,
I'm going to go ahead and go out on a limb and say that this Applebee's is going to be a 20 star
dining experience comparatively. If I open my day planner and turn it to today, I have not colored
the second half of the day in orange highlighter and just written diarrhea with big block letters
on it. Diarrhea would be a blessing for me right now. I had a crazy Hagar cocktail to drink and
then I had a bacon mac and cheeseburger, uh, for my entree. Uh, and I haven't been pooping those
out as much as they have been sort of bursting from my chest, like a Xenomorph from the alien
films. And, um, when they, when they burst out of my chest, it's, it's Mark McGrath from the band
Sugar Ray. He grows up to turn into Guy Fieri. Well, at least you didn't force like a Tony
award winning Emmy award winning, just all around great guy to go with you. Well, it was his fucking
idea. Remind him of that to the grave. Um, which is tomorrow. Tomorrow is the grave. Thank you for
that Lin-Manuel. Your pooping schedule is so much better than mine. Griffin might've been,
my Guy Fieri meal has been popping out like guest stars on a Jerry Lewis telephone.
Just you never know when it's going. It lasts for two days. You never know when they're somebody
else is going to show up. We've had a lot of fun here twice on my brother, my brother and me,
the episode that we're on now, the number that I don't know. Um, but this is an important public
service announcement. First of all, we're going to get to the bottom of that here in just a bit.
Second of all, don't go to Guy Fieri's place as a joke because the joke's on, it's not even on you
because then that would assume that somebody is getting some form and pleasure out of it.
I assume Mr. Fieri is getting a lot of money out of it, but it's not even funny bad. It's not,
it's not. What I discovered that day is you can't eat ironically. You can't eat things as a goof.
They still go in your human body and stay there. Right. Sure. Um, you also can't eat his pretzel
breaded chicken tendos that you can't. It's a, it's a trick and it's a trap to lure tourists.
Travis, these chicken tendos were so dry. They came with a honey, they were dry as a popcorn fart
and they came with a honey mustard dipping sauce. Griffin was so desperate to get the final, um,
remnants of any sort of moisture, any sort of moisture for the chicken that he actually
knocked the ramekin across the table and onto the floor, uh, because he was trying so hard to get
the last of the dipping sauce out. I was excavating to get that flavor, any juice. Oh, there's gotta be
some juice. I was, I was a, uh, a dousing rod for sweet mustard, but instead of falcon, I falcon
punched a ramekin across a Guy Fieri steakhouse. The worst part about it is as soon as the ramekin
touched the floor, we heard a prerecorded message from Guy Fieri play across the loudspeakers and
he just says, fuck it, play it where it lays. And that's like, apparently anytime you drop food there,
yeah, anytime you drop food there, Guy Fieri says, fuck it, play it where it lays. In the Guy Fieri
restaurant, they had a recording of him saying, fuck it, fuck it, play it where it lays. I can't believe
that's true. I know, it's hard to believe. Fuck that shit. This is Guy Fieri's fuck house. Yeah, and then when you,
when you walk in, there's another prerecorded message and it plays and it says, abandon all
hope ye who enter here. Now, we're, we're, we're having a lot of fun here, my brother, my brother, and me. We've had three funs so far.
This is the same building that had love, peace, and taco grease written, like, on the wall in huge
letters. You know the weirdest thing about it? Wasn't that crowded? Got a table right away. No problemo.
Um, what are we doing? Paint me a picture. What time was it when you entered the restaurant,
were they all, like, sitting around smoking and then they had to, like, oh, oh, hey, oh, hey. I think the
time was the time of my life. Do you guys want to do some advice? When I suggest a meeting time with
my friend and they decline, who bears the responsibility to suggest a different time?
I personally feel obliged to do this if I'm the one vetoing a date, but some of my friends provide
no such follow-up and I end up feeling like a control freak when I push the matter.
Are my expectations unreasonable? That's from Anxious in Alberta. If it is, if it is a spoken
conversation in person and you have both expressed equal amount of interest to do this thing,
now it's a back and forth. You say 5 p.m. They can't do 5 p.m. It's now their thing. If it's a thing
that you desperately want to do that they've, like, agreed to go do with you, it's your job.
See, this is why I don't, I just don't like our measurements of time, how numerical they are.
I just wish we could do it, like, um, they used to do it in the olden days or how they do it, like,
in, like, a chill sort of oceanside town in Greece where it's just, like, sunset. Come by at sunset.
Everyone can get down with that because then it's objective. You got a pretty wide window of time
there that you can show up. Come to the, come to the cafe at sunset. Oh, how nice does that sound?
Oh, but that gives me such, like, panic shivers now if someone's like,
just come by in the afternoon. Uh, is, is, do you mean 1201 or like 430 or?
Afternoon represents, like, a good six hour chunk of time. I don't, I don't like that. Tie it to a
celestial body is what I'm saying. When the, when the, when the polar star above us, um, shines high
in Cerberus's belt, then that is the time that we will go see Jurassic World. Honey, what time are
we supposed to have dinner with the Smiths? I, let me pull out my sextant. Hold on one second.
Let me get out my sextant. It's at cloud noon. What is cloud, what is cloud noon?
That's not real. Yeah, sure. It's when the clouds are at their highest noon. Yes, exactly.
It's in the Poor Richard's Almanac. That's a poor, poor Richard though. He doesn't know what he's
talking about. Yeah, I think it's on you. If you, if you're the one saying like, no, that time doesn't
work for me, I think the ball's in your proverbial cord at that point. I think that you do have to
say like, no, that won't work, but here's this, check this out. I often think that if I suggest
a time and someone's like, no, and they don't offer an alternative, like they don't want to do
it. Yeah, they get left behind. Right? You don't like, you don't, you don't get to come to Arby's
with me. What time do you want to go to Arby's? Like five? No. No. Can I, can I recommend cloud
noon? Working sky gold to cloud noon. The sky's illuminated. Time to get to the office until the
clouds are shaded by the moon's reprieve. Clouds behind the mountains. If you see the sun glistening
all across the fountains. Oh, now, now listen, it's going to be vitally important that there
are fountains everywhere in order for you to make your point. You have to do that. Yeah. It's, it's
hard to, yeah. How about a Yahoo? Yeah. Let me hit you with this Yahoo. Uh, this one was sent in by
Evan Jones Thorn. Thank you Evan Jones Thorn. It's by Yahoo Answers user. Hottie101. H-O-T-I-E 101.
Thank you Hottie101 for your bravery. Hottie101 asks, what is a good sumer gob for teens?
Uh, summer job I think is the translation from this language, which I believe is Swahili. Uh,
what is a good sumer gob for teens? Something that brings in cash, dollars, pretty good business.
These are bullet points by the way. Let's start over from the beginning now that you understand
the context of this list. Something that brings in cash money. So no volunteer work. Pretty good
business. So that one's important. No lemonade field. No lemonade stands though. Those are
illegal. Have you seen these stories? Have you seen stories by the way of like cops shutting down
lemonade stands? Like, like people actually shutting down lemonade stands because like I
guess they're not like licensed or whatever. This doesn't happen. It's really happening in
our America. How old is this teen that they want to bring in good cash money and good business
but lemonade stand would even be on the table in some form or fashion? I don't know Travis,
but I can give you a six-year range. I can, I can say they are definitely between 13 and 19.
For sure. For sure. I hope to God there's not a 19 year old that people are like,
you should start a lemonade stand. No, no, forget that. That would be some good ass lemonade.
I'm not, I'm not interested in like a, a mix where like there's a, a bottom layer of silt
that is just sugar and you don't get to any of that delicious glucose and all you get is
yellow water. No, I want that. I want the steady hand of a 19 year old who's been around the block.
I was picturing like backward E, you know, like made out of like cardboard and like
dowel rod, but maybe it's like a food truck thing. Yeah. If you go to a 19 year old's
lemonade stand, you're going to get some like made with agave nectar, some like cilantro mixed in
there. And maybe there's some tequila in it. Yeah. And they're going to have a selection of apps,
like some sweet potato with like a, some sort of kimchi sauce on top of it. Oh, I thought you
meant like iPhone apps. No. Well, yeah, they have an iPhone app to crush. You get to follow made,
the lemonade truck stand. They just call it nade because it's like a hipper cooler version of
lemonade. And that's the, pretty much the way to do things these days is just to shorten the word
and maybe take one of the vowels out. So it's like n-d and that's n-n-n-d and then maybe like
an umlaut over the a. Yeah. Let's hit. I've been mowing this lawn all day. I've worked,
been working up a hearty sweat. You know, I could really go for some. Maybe a 19 year old could get
an artisanal lawn mowing job. And it's just, they, they clip it all by hand. No machines used. Very
like carbon neutral footprint with plastic safety scissors and free range goats. What if you open
your door after hiring a 19 year old to mow your lawn and you open the door to see them holding
like 20 ropes connected to 20 goats and they just mouth the words, fuck you. And then you had to
give them a thousand dollars. Yeah. And 600 of those dollars are going to a fresh class of,
and at the end of the day you go out, the goats are still there. You bought the goats. Yeah.
They, those live with you now. But now you have an alternative revenue source and those goats are
going to pay you back in full. Oh, goats will pay dividends. Because goats are, goats are good
borrowers. They, they, they pay you back with interest in a very timely manner.
What would be a good teen summer job? Well, okay. Let's, let's give a little bit of background. You
guys tell me your teen summer jobs. What did you guys do when you were teens? I used dog buttholes.
Yeah, Travis had dog buttholes. We've covered that. Super lucrative career. I did mow lawns
for a while. Mowed lawns for a while. I remember you not being very good at it. I remember Dave
read my dear friend Tommy's dad complaining that you did a bad job. Or was that girl? Oh,
that was me. I did not have, I lacked follow through. Yeah, that was me. I was using a push
mower, which, which means like you can't really tell that your lawn's been mowed. It's just sort
of been combed. I did, I did a good job brushing his lawn for him. You were a great lawn flattener.
Yeah. And he would come around and be like, Hey, uh, this sucks. And I'd be like, I know. Money,
please. A poor, a poor craftsman blames his tools. So let me just say that my grass, my grass isn't
shorter. No, but it is different. Let me get 40 though. Let me get 40 though for that. What do
you think? I made it look weird. $40 please. Don't be cinchy on the tip. Some of us littler.
And then I got very tired. I worked at blockbuster twice. I, uh, I was a newspaper carrier. I did
that as a teen summer job. Um, you newspaper carried. And I think my mom and dad do so much
of the work that they would not allow me to do it. I tried to. Yeah. Yeah. I kind of killed that
golden goose and boy, I was making it hand over fist. I was actually so bad at collecting that
in the end when you zeroed everything out, I was pretty much just doing like volunteer work
to keep print alive. I had a summer job working for Justin, your father-in-law,
the tri data incorporated, um, where I possessed a lot of, I would say natural talent and natural
skill, but not a lot of natural showing up and doing it. I did instead possess a lot of natural.
I'm going to go to Bonnaroo and just like check out the acts this year. Cause I hear it's going
to be tight. So I'm going to need all of that time off work later. And then the next week,
there was always another Bonnaroo. There were, there were several Bonnaroo's that summer.
Griffin, Griffin worked at the tri data studios where things I bought at sheets is filmed.
Mm-hmm. Uh, he worked there for how long did you make that last Griffin before you
literally, literally a summer, one summer before my freshman year of college. Yeah.
I was a legend. I was a legend. He scanned how many documents,
4,000 documents, put them up on the board. There really was a board
and 4,000 was actually very low on the number of documents.
Yeah. Not a great job.
Not a great job. It was a great job. I did a bad job.
You didn't do a great job. Yeah. I did a bad job at it to be clear.
But I did lay a lot of the groundwork that things I bought at sheets was built upon.
That's true. We still find some of your leavings.
And my riddles.
I opened a ceiling tile yesterday and riddles just came flying out at me that Griffin had
stored there. Yeah. Maybe that explains my low output.
He was too busy filling the plates with riddles. He was too busy national treasuring it.
Me and my girlfriend watch a lot and enjoy, I would hope, but you do both of those,
a lot of Netflix and Hula together. My girlfriend watched a lot of Netflix and Hula just despise it.
Uh, we enjoy it. And, uh, the only problem is that when we start a show, we both like,
she will continue to watch it while I'm at work and be seven episodes ahead of me by the time I
get home. What? I've tried to ask her to wait for me until I get off work and we watch it together,
but she continues on in her sin and watches the show while I'm at work. How can I get her to stop
and watch the show with me? P.S. My work schedule is 9 a.m. to 9 p.m., so I'm gone a lot of the
time. I think your bigger question is, what do I do when my girlfriend dumps me because she does
not like me very much? This relationship is headed for rocky waters, my friend.
I was going to say just break up with her. Justin, I'm so glad we're on the same page.
I don't- this relationship's over. This is like the keystone. It's 2015. Like,
keeping your Netflix and Hulu episode count in sync is like the keystone of a happy marriage.
If I- I- I saw a new book at the bookstore. It's called, uh, Men Are From Episode 16,
Abortions of the New Black, and Women Are From Episode 10, and on the inside of the
book it just says, fuck it. You're hosed. She has to have a show that she wants to
watch that you don't. That's the secret. That's the secret. Is it- to keep this in line, you've
gotta have your secret shows that each of you have, and then you have to have these shared shows,
because it's not- it's not a question of them wanting to get further ahead. It's not a race.
You know, Orange Is The New Black is not the race. Unless she just wants to feel like prescient,
like, oh, you'll never know what happens next. Oh, something very exciting is coming.
Um, you gotta have your stuff. Rachel's got her scandal. I just- I love Josh Molina. Oh,
man, do I love Josh Molina. But it does not seem like my thing. Uh, in the same vein, for me,
Twin Peaks. That's not Rachel's thing. That's not gonna be her thing. But if I'm sitting alone,
and she's out, uh, doing a thing, and I'm at home not doing a thing, I'll turn on the Twin Peaks.
And that's how we keep ourselves honest when it's time to burn through, you know,
Key and Peele or something like that. There is another option that is probably less palatable
for your girlfriend, but that is when you return home, you jump back to where you were,
and she has to sit and watch the episode she's already seen. So if she's just doing it as a time
filler, like, then you both still get to watch them together, but she gets to keep going.
I guarantee if you, like, make her do that a couple times, she'll stop watching them without
you, so as not to just have to repeat view them a couple times. Yeah. But it may get old for her.
I love, Travis, the supposition you've made that he's gonna be able to tell her
anything when it comes to Netflix. Yeah, sure. It sounds like, it sounds like this,
this Bronco's done been let out the pen already, and I don't think he's gonna lasso that, that,
that, that steed back, back into its, uh, horse pen. How much, how much more? Yeah, keep going.
I want more rodeo. Justin and Sydney have been watching a lot of rodeo masters together.
It's just in his brain. Let me hit you guys with this business opportunity is fiscal
potential promise that I'm making to you. It is a dongle, USB dongle for your device,
whatever device you use, uh, that is tied to your accounts. You can tie it to your Netflix
account. You can tie it to your Apple TV. You can tie it to your Roku. I don't know. I don't know.
All of your devices and your accounts and your boxes and your set top boxes and your devices
and your peripherals. And you're going to have a dongle for it. And this dongle has two key holes
in it and you each have a key and you have to activate it like a submarine. If you want to
watch orange is the new black. I love it, Griffin. That's a wonderful, wonderful concept. I think she
would just take his key though. Like you cannot hold this woman back from watching television.
The key has a biometric key inside of it as well. Have you not seen leverage? There's a way around
all of this because that biometric password is one password. And it's also, you have to provide a
stool sample. So yes, yes, it's complicated. It's going to solve your problem, but you're
going to have to take a shit every time you want to watch bloodlines or have some lying around,
but Oh God, that actually gets into a problem because then you can get into the other person's
shit. Okay. You're going to need a biometric say for your stool and your reserve stool.
Your orange is the new black poop and hold on. This goes down so deep. Why don't you just like
trust and love each other? I guess that's an easier option and you don't have to buy our dongle.
If the roles were reversed, um, Sydney could definitely Trump me by saying that, Oh, that's
okay. I'll just pick up wherever you're at. What are you serious? Oh, we would turn up when we first
started dating, we would turn on shows and she would say, Oh yeah, I've seen some of the season.
What? What did you say? You watched some of them and then stopped and then started watching.
What are you even saying? I don't even understand. I read the first and middle chapters of that book.
Who does that? I mean, I did. If I was like cheating to get through my accelerator,
I read every other page of treasure Island. I'm just saying, if you don't sync up with your
partner, when you're watching your favorite television shows, then you're being a real
goober boy. So I said it like that. So it'd be like an inside joke that like, maybe it would
seem like we've referenced that in past episodes of my brother, my brother and me. And so like,
people would think like, wait a minute, did you listen to that episode to their partner?
If they listened to my brother, my brother and me in that way, just to sort of like throw them
off as like a practical joke. But what about this part, Griffin? But you've just said that you just
explained why you did it. Well, I was hoping that one of the partners would be laughing so loud that
they can't hear this. Okay. The great goober boy joke. Well, it's a, it's a conceptual, but you didn't
before. It was an alternate reality. It was an alternate. It was an alternate. It was an
alternate reality game. Griffin. That was genius. Thank you. Griffin, Griffin, Griffin.
I'm honored to work with you. Happy Father's Day. You guys want another Yahoo?
Sure. Was that all the opening? Yeah. Let's get to our first question. This Yahoo was sent in by
Zoe Kinski climbing that ladder. Thank you Zoe Kinski. It's by Yahoo answers user VB who asks,
does anyone practice baby massage on their six, 12 month old baby? A friend of mine is
trained in baby massage and showed me how to do it on my little boy when he was about three months
old. He loved it, but I didn't really continue with it as much as I should have. Now he is eight
months old and he is having trouble with his teething and sleeping problems. So I thought
perhaps baby massage would help. Only problem is he is now so active. I can't get him to stay still
long enough. He gets frustrated if I try and keep him lying down. I don't really want to try and
make him anyway. Is that defeats the purpose of baby massage as you are only supposed to do it
when they are relaxed. So I was just wondering if anyone on here has been more successful with their
LO and little one. Correct. And if you have any tips, thanks X. This is a Father's Day question
just for Justin about his baby massage techniques. Yeah, I, they're good for when the baby is trying
to get to sleep. It can be useful to, to, I found that that soothes her sometimes. Oops. Oops. This
is supposed to be a joke. Is this baby massage a real thing? Well, yeah, massage is like a real
thing. Well, it's also important to use it after your baby's had a tough week at work. Maybe the
boss has been riding. So this, so okay. Baby massage is a real thing, but to Travis's point,
I, the, the problem I had with baby massage is what am I, what, what, what stress is this,
what stress is this baby trying to unwind from? Like I saw your whole day, baby. You ate some
Cheetos and then fell asleep in the car and then watched cartoons forever and then went to sleep
at seven. Your life is fucking dope as hell. I would trade, I would Freaky Friday you in a
heartbeat. Why am I going to massage you? How about you get those little feet, get those little
puppies up on daddy's back and walk on dad's back and massage him cause dad's had a day. Thanks for
the rub down pops. Mom left the room, thought she existed no more. Yeah, that's the thing,
that object permanence Justin, that is the stressful thing. Can you imagine if every time
Sydney left the room was like, well Sydney's not here anymore. Shit. You would get some tension
up in your sacrum and stuff. Sydney is not now nor ever was. No, whoops. Yeah, but then it's
counterbalanced by the fact that every, every like two minutes you got to be like, I have a mother.
It's all balanced out. Oh man. That doesn't relax you. Run me through your baby massage techniques
are there aromatherapeutic elements? What do you ask her? You get the, you light a Barney scented
candle. What does that smell? What does Barney smell like? Like the sweaty inside of a sweaty
suit. It is very unpopular. I bet that I bet actually a baby would like that because for
like nine months a baby was like inside of a sweaty suit. That's what it's like to be in utero
inside of a Barney costume or any costume. I used to play cowabunga, the WTCR mascot of our daddy's
radio station. So it was basically like I was having a, a rebirth experience every time that
I was chili fest rolled around. Where is that? He should be here by now. I don't know. I don't know.
Oh, he just texted. He said he's running about 15 minutes late. If he's not in the room,
then I refuse to acknowledge his existence. The apps are going to get cold. I don't know.
Baby, you like squeeze their little hands and arms and like, is it just squeezing the baby back?
What? It's just basically squeezing. That sounds like it's more for you than it is for her.
I didn't really, I didn't really learn how to do it. I got as far as learning that it's a thing and
then just kind of went crazy. Well, I am of the school. It's not something you can learn. It's
something you either can do or you can't like, look at your hands. Look at that baby does one
and one make two. You know what I mean? Yeah, for sure. I like to, I like to take an Ashiatsu
approach. A lot of, uh, you mix in some, some, uh, oh, some cleansing yoga and then you, uh,
and this part's, oh man, be careful, but you got to stand on your baby and you're not going to want
to do it and the baby's not going to want to do it. And don't do cupping. A lot of people will
say, cup the baby. Don't. No, you'll get, you'll suck the whole baby up into it. Charlie really
enjoys, uh, baby acupuncture. And that takes a steady hand, boy. And you have to pink the needles
in some parts. Because, oh my goodness, there is not a lot of area on that baby that's expendable.
Especially if you're going in the ocular region, who, boy. I mean, the baby gets the,
well, they get tension headaches. Is there a difference between that and hot stone?
Hot stone? Oh no, for that I just leave the baby out on the sidewalk because I feel like
it's been, it's been sunny all day and that'll be, that'll be fun. And also daddy needs a drink and
a nap. Catch you in 15, little kid. I guess I prefer it when babies massage each other,
um, just sort of like in like a seductive way because it's like more pure and, um, like the
energy will be better. Mm-hmm. It's good to, um, it's good to do baby massage outside on the lawn,
but do not leave your baby unattended for too long or they will be carried away by ants.
Yeah. That is a, that is a parenting tip from me to you. It would, it would blow your mind
how many babies get carried away by ants. Ants are very strong. Just one per year,
but then they get to be the ant king or queen. Uh, listen, acupuncture needles aren't gonna
buy themselves. So, uh, let's go to the money zone. Especially not these super little ones.
Yeah. With all the fun colors.
My brother, my brother and me is supported in part by Casper, an online retailer of premium,
obsessively engineered mattresses for a fraction of the price. Now I know it's weird what you're
thinking. Buy a mattress without sleeping on it. That's insane. So what Casper does is a risk-free
trial and return policy. You can try sleeping on one for a hundred days and you get free delivery
and painless returns. That's a lot of farts you can put in that mattress. Travis. You can put a
lot of farts in that mattress. Justin. You can fill that mattress with farts and send it back.
You would double the weight of that mattress before you send it back. Travis. If you listen
our show, you can get $50 towards any mattress purchase if you go to Casper.com slash my brother
and then use the coupon code, my brother, all one word at checkout. Terms and conditions do apply.
Travis, you, uh, you have been sleeping on a Casper. Uh, how's that working out for you?
Um, it was interesting at first because I prefer a bit of a softer mattress and Teresa prefers a
firmer mattress. And this is such an interesting balance of those two that now it's been about a
month, I would say, since we started sleeping on it. I can't imagine sleeping on anything else.
It's it's because it's memory foam. It's very soft, but because of the engineering of it,
it's also a very firm. So it's like a very firm memory foam. I highly recommend it.
Um, been getting a lot of good sleeps. It says here that these mattresses are obsessively
engineered. That's not just a, like a bullet point that literally you are guaranteed that
an engineer went mad with every mattress that they create. Every mattress they get,
they, they basically burn out an engineer's mind and, and they succumb to the darkness.
Now, one out of every hundred mattresses is haunted by that engineer.
Oh, and you got to be careful with that one. What do you think they call it? Casper? What
do you think the next thing is like the next sponsor? Oh yeah. Next sponsor is a slip shine.
If you like adult comics and who doesn't, uh, for worse. No, I don't mean lock horns,
a lot of handicaps, handicaps deals with some really heady issues that no, I'm talking about
dicks and boobs and everything in between. Oh, sex Garfield reach for slip shine,
proudly publishing over 150 pages of fun sex positive adult comics every month.
This week, our listeners can get a special offer. If you go to slip shine.net slash M B M B A M.
Uh, slash fiction. No, it doesn't, it's not slash fiction. Please don't make that. I'll quit the
internet. No first time sign up fee and a 10% discount on six month and yearly subscriptions.
It's a great deal. There is also a comic starring us that has, uh, uh, some fun sex positive,
not work positive, a comic strip about us. Boss, boss negative. Yeah, boss negative,
sex positive comics. Uh, and they got 10 years of archives. So you are going to be able to masturbate
to a lot of this for a long, long time. For sure, for sure. Come annihilate, come annihilate your
net nanny at slip shine.net slash M B M B A M. We also have a message for Kate. This message is from
Babby, Craig and Julie Conway and Queen Blanche. The whole gang, the crew say the whole gang says,
congrats on graduating from nursing school. You did it. Depending on when this gets red,
maybe congrats on taking your boards too. I like that. Here's to freedom from classes,
more visits to the adventure zone and lots of texts about our weird injuries and illnesses.
Oh, and saving lives. We're so proud of you. You're a pal and a confidant and we rely on each
other. Oh, is that the golden girls theme song? No, that's islands in the stream. I got those two
confused. Didn't I? You did. You did get those two confused. Both great tunes. Let me get on the ones
and twos real quick. And cause now I've got the inspiration and if I don't do it now, I'll forget
about it. Here comes the birthday mashup. Kate from us to you. My name is Ez. This is my new
band. I'm putting together a new musical artists. I'm calling myself golden girl talk.
Um, that was a great joke and it was pearls before swine. I leave that for the audience.
I, uh, the only song that Charlie likes is all about that base. The only song that Charlie
liked. It used to be that and smoke weed every day. Uh, but now it's just all about that base.
I've listened to that fucking song so many times that I've started inadvertently creating mashups
in my head between that and other songs that I like more than all about that base, which is to
say basically any of them at this point. So I will often walk down my house singing to myself. Let me
see if I can do it. All about that base, about that base. No trouble. You'd like to think that
you're immune to this stuff. Oh my God, that's fresh. It's a really good, it's a really good
mix. If somebody could like edit that and make it into like a mix I can listen to, maybe my baby
will like that. I can transition her gradually to any other song by mixing up with, uh, all about
that base. I don't know. I got a message for Crystal from Daniel. Uh, Jumbotron, Jumbotron,
gather ye earbuds from nerd and far. These brothers, three wisely studs come with a birthday
revelation going out to cross the nation. Okay, this is, this is iambic pentameter. This is a poem
and you're reading it. You're just, you're, you're, you're butchering it. You're butchering it. But
it's not broken up. It's hard to read the meter. Well, they did it in a straight up ye coming
style. You've got a brain and two eyes. Jumbotron, Jumbotron, gather ye earbuds from nerd and far.
These brothers, three wisely studs come with a revelation going out across the nation to one
garbage deli with dumps like a truck and other delicious delicatessens. Happy birthday, Crystal,
and thanks for all the genuine microwave cheeseburgers and especially the McElroy's.
I did appreciate how you tried to make that last sentence rhyme. I also really like it had more of
like a slam poem. Yeah, I was kind of hoping you would slam it even harder than you slammed it. Like
I want like a monster dump. Man, this, this rhyming stuff is easy. Happy birthday, Crystal. I hope
this is the gift you were hoping for. No, it's probably like an iPod Nano or something.
Hey, you like t-shirts, right? How about a mug? Are your walls looking a little bare?
Visit MaxFunStore.com and cover all of these bases and more.
We just added some amazing new shirts and posters. So visit today and outfit your home
and torso with the freshest Max Fun merch. MaxFunStore.com.
Trav, you want to read the next question? I do. Yeah, sure. Hit it. Oh,
I see what's going to happen here. I get interrupted all the time. No, wait, you know what? Let me,
let me just do it. I'll just do it. It's fine. I get interrupted all the time. Hey, actually,
you know what? I can hop in here if you guys want me to. Oh yeah, sure. That's fine. Go ahead. Okay.
I get interrupted all the, hey, it's me, Sheila. I came by to see if you guys were good. If you
still wanted to order or not, because we've got customers waiting in the aisles. This is a different
person. Sheila's the manager. Sheila's the manager. I run this Applebee's on 16th Street in Lexington
Avenue, and I'm telling you guys, you can't just sit here drinking water. The water's not free.
It is free with the purchase of a meal, but now you're starting to get my gall.
Sheila, let's work something out. We host a comedy podcast. You see all the microphones around the
table. Yeah, I thought we had those installed before, and I didn't think there were, I didn't
think there were microphones. I thought they were bottles of A1 sauce. We just had our microphones
painted to look like bottles of A1 sauce because it helps us focus our recording. How about we
could make you a podcast celebrity? If you let us keep sitting here waiting for our daddy,
we'll let you read a question on our podcast. I'm interested in fame. I get more than enough
fame working here at the Applebee's on 16th and Lexington. People know my name. I have a
distinctive voice. I'm very memorable. My name is Sheila, and I'm the Applebee's manager. If you
work at an Applebee's, statistically speaking, you probably will at some point be the subject of a
snarky opinion column on a food blog at some point. For sure. I run my own food blog. What's it called?
It's called Five People You Meet in Heaven. Listen, you guys can take it. You seem like a good bunch.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna let you, I'm gonna get out of here. I just, can I take a drink order? Can I
do anything for you? I ordered a jalapeno mudslide that still hasn't come yet. I will check into
that, sir. I'm just, I'm grossly sorry. I will also take two brutuses. Do you want those all in
same glass or do you just want me to pour them in some sort of gravy boat? Same glass is fine. Terrific. I'm
gonna get that gravy boat too on the free, on the free cheese. I get arrested all the time.
Is that one of the collectible ones with the Star Trek characters on it? Yeah, it's one of the Star
Trek gravy boats. I'll see y'all later. Hey, I'll talk to you guys. See you tomorrow.
I already missed Sheila. Yeah, me too. I missed the first guy,
but I couldn't remember what his voice sounded like. I'm sorry, Trav. Go ahead. I get interrupted all
the time. No, you know what? I don't, I don't want to break the tradition. Whether I'm telling a
long-winded story or just trying to finish a sentence, it seems like people have no problem
with just talking over me before I've made my point. It's really starting to bug me,
but I don't know. I don't know how to tell people to pipe down. This is going to be impossible to
edit. Don't edit. Why would you edit this? This has all been gold. Let me finish without coming
off like a jerk. How do I get my friends to STFU for like a second without sounding like a complete
dick constantly cut off in Colorado? What I, the way I did deal with this when I did Children's
Theater is I would stop mid-sentence and just stop. Just stop my thought. Stop it. Just let
the awkwardness hang there. And if they don't want to come back to me, that's fine. That's
their prerogative. It probably wasn't that important anyway. I can also say as someone who
interrupts people a lot, the best defense against getting interrupted is to keep the energy you are
using, the conversational energy you are using up. Because a lot of the time when I interrupt people,
it's because you're trying to save them. What? They're bombing. Well, yeah, I feel like they're,
so it's something you deal with like in acting, especially in Shakespeare, not going down at the
end of lines because people will tend to like drop their energy as they get to the end of a thought.
So you're suggesting that when you or anybody else interrupts a person, it's because they
weren't being hype enough. It's their fault. Well, no, it's because they felt like I think they run
out of things to say, but they won't let themselves stop talking. I'm doing them a favor by interrupting.
That is a demented way to think about things. It just seems like. I mean, yeah, I'm not saying it's
like a healthy mindset. I'm just saying that that is the idea of like, I want to keep the ball in
the air and it feels like their energy is flagging. So I'm going to take over for them and then they
can jump back in. Why not just say that then? Instead of hopping in and seeming rude, why
don't you let them know that you're doing them a favor and be like, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Let me step in here because you take a break. Go, go take a drink of water. Your mouth sounds very
dry. Have you confronted these people? Like literally just said like, hey, I don't know
if you realize you're doing it, but you interrupt me a lot. What if they can't even get that out,
though? Are they are they invisible? Are they a ghost person? Like maybe just wait a minute.
Are you a ghost? Oh, shit. Have you been a ghost this whole time? The earbuds fall out of his ears
and roll across the floor. He pictures all the red things he's come in contact with over the
last 16 years. He looks in a mirror. It's the first time he's looked at a mirror ever. I think
a ghost would be able to see themselves. I don't know the rule on. Is it a ghost mirror? That's a
good question. Travis didn't even think about that. The mirror must be haunted. That's my
favorite Barbara Streisand movie. The mirror must be haunted. Can we talk about what?
If he can only interact with red objects. Is that some sort of ghost lore that I don't know about?
Like ghosts love cherry lifesavers. They're the only ones that can eat and taste and they're
delicious. No, Griffin. Those are the road flags planted that every time it was a ghost moment,
that there was something red there. Not that his power was only to interact with red things.
That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Was that for us, the viewers? I'm getting angry. Do
you guys want a Yahoo? Sure. This one's for dads out there in the audience. If you're a dad,
listen. Congratulations. It's sent in by Zoe Kinski climbing that ladder. Thank you, Zoe. It's by
Yahoo Answers user unknown who asks, how to make my dad stop using words like swag. He is ruining
my life. I am 16 and my dad is 40 something. Learn your dad's age. Everybody learn your dad.
I can't tell you how many people I talked to. You're like, how old is your dad? And I don't
know. I don't know. 50 something. I can't tell you how many times I've listened to Griffin ask
people how old their dads are. And that's what I want to intercede on his behalf. Well, yeah.
Cause it's a competition. The oldest dad or youngest dad or tightest dad bod or which dad
traveled the farthest to get here today. Yeah. Yeah. Most likely to succeed. My dad has the
prettiest eyes. Class clown. Did not succeed is another one. Biggest failure. Anyway, my dad is
40 something and IDK if his having a midlife crisis or something, but he keeps using words
like swag, YOLO. And then there's some like at sign hash pound percent at like maybe they're
cursing or maybe this dad is just like yelling YOLO and then using profanity. Um, bro chilling
with my bros dudes sup and then in words, but that's not, that's different. That's a whole
another can of worms. Um, it's a whole other dad per se. Yeah. Uh, that's not that exclusive.
That's a just bad, uh, et cetera. I think you get what I mean. And it's so annoying because he's
trying to act all cool and stuff, but it's just so weird. For example, yesterday my friends were
here and we were playing this video game my friend brought and he walks in all like sup bros,
are you chilling? You want some beer? And then he attempted to high five my friends. Oh God.
And he took a look at the game and he was like sick game. You've got dude
update. I actually did ask him to just stop because he's making a fool out of himself.
And you know what he said? He literally said blank, please. I'm guessing that is another
racial slur, racial charge word and left. It's getting out of control. I know this might sound
fake, but he's like that. That's why I'm here. Update number two. Ooh, long narrative on this
one. Dad and I have come to an understanding. I didn't appreciate him. He didn't appreciate me.
We've grown closer as friends. No, instead a update to the copy of updates who reads
he said inward please and we are not even black. Seriously. This question asked by Timmy Hawk.
No, Tony Hawk is a perfectly just and I interviewed Tony Hawk for our job
and he's a perfectly lovely man. Also, Tony Hawk's son is not Timmy. I brought this up because there
was a commercial that popped on Hulu the other day of like Tony Hawk, like had his kid, like he's
driving a car, his kids are in the back seat and they're all like boarding on their phones and
stuff and he like peels off the road and drives to like an abandoned water park and they like all
skateboard around the park. Hell yes. I was left with this genuine feeling of I bet he's an awesome
dad. Oh, he's the best dad in the world. Yeah, the only problem is he named his first child 360 bones.
And then the second one, Ollie. And it's like, okay, that's better. But then his second son was
born without bones and I bet he was like, oh, if only I'd waited. And he named his third son
Harry Potter. That's just what he was into. And then his fourth son he named Giant Flaming. So
his name would be Giant Flaming Hawk, which is a pretty sweet name. It's my son Thunder Hawk.
How do you make my dad stop using these words? These terrible, terrible words. A lot of these
words I think are fine for your dad to use and I'm kind of excited about them. Obviously
not the racially charged ones. It depends on how he how he's. Let's take the racially charged words
out of the conversation because that's a whole nother can of worms. Yeah, you have to be a
pretty cool dad to pull those off. Am I right, guys? Yeah. But if he's if he's coming in with
like swag and yellow, is he saying like this? Yeah. What up, bros? Or is he coming and going,
yo, what up bros? Huh? Yolo? Who here is a cool homie who wants to swig some of my beer, Yolo?
I'm going to a group hang with my other swag dads. Swag dads would be an awesome bowling
league name. Hashtag swag dads. Hashtag swag dads. It's just a chill hang at the Sitco.
I'm going to meet some other dads at the DMV. Gonna get our car registration on. Yeah,
you know we gotta get that state approved identification. I'm gonna go because they
revoked our license for drunk driving. Hashtag swag dads. We got all silly with some four loco
and then we got in my Jeep Grand Cherokee. Steve died. Damn, I'm gonna go meet my other gearhead
dads and we're gonna go get our rides checked to get them inspected, which is something you have to
do once a year just so you know for the future. You have that to look forward to, Yolo. Hey,
kids, Rolos. It's not the thing. I just, does anybody want any delicious Rolos candy? Maybe
I'll get a sweet new Hummer with some neon on the bottom. Just kidding. With these gas prices,
I think I'm gonna go with sort of a midsize sedan. But anybody wants some of this purple
drink? By which I mean grape, clearly Canadian. Which is clear. By the way, I put some purple
food coloring in it. Yolo. I'm getting down on some caesarip. By which I mean, I'm robo tripping,
I meant. Because I have a head cold and so I do. I'm gonna hit the sack early. Night, you guys.
Don't stay up too late. Don't wake up your mother. I love you. I love you all so much.
I love all of you. I know that Bryce is my only one of you who's a son, but I feel like we're
connected with you guys. You all have so much potential. I feel like I just don't want to see
you waste it. I'm proud of all of you. I know for a while you guys have just thought of me as Bryce's
dad, but it would actually help me out a lot. And I think it would help us build a stronger relationship
if you would think of me as your 420 Yolo swag. Do you guys like-
Hey, don't stay up too late. Do you guys like Drake?
Hey, you guys remember when I burned those pizza rolls a while ago and everybody was really upset
and we didn't have any more? I feel like we came out of that with a real like,
standby me vibe. Like a real brotherhood, like just really connected. Like we're never gonna
forget it. Do you guys get the same sense or is that just- okay. Please don't wake up your mother.
Please don't wake up your mother. It's final.
And don't come into my bedroom later because I'm gonna be crushing some guts up there.
I love you all so much.
I love you all so much. Some of you more than Bryce.
And also, I was just kidding about that. We're probably gonna hit that hair early.
Bryce's mom and I haven't touched each other in years. Okay. Good night, everybody. Yolo.
We're gonna go up there and finish True Detective for a season and then we're gonna hit the hair.
Now that I've got you kids here though, I do want to talk to you about crushing guts
because it's important that you do it responsibly in a place where you feel safe. I know for you
guys, you think you know all there is to know about crushing guts and busting nuts, but there's
a lot more to it than that. There's a lot more to it than that. It's a promise. When you crush a gut,
it's a promise you're making.
You know what's really cool, guys? Safe sex.
Safe sex. If you're gonna bust a nut, make sure you put a Jimmy cap on your dunger.
Yeah.
All right. We've lost a bit.
Okay. Good night, everybody.
Good night, everyone.
Hey, listen. Please, please don't wake up your mother.
Oh my gosh.
Don't tell her I talked to you guys about this. Yolo.
Don't tell her I talked out loud without her permission. You know how she gets.
Please be out of here before she wakes up if she finds you guys here.
Please be gone.
I'm not allowed to have friends over.
What if your dad talked a bunch of shit like this, and then Dakota crossed you, and he's like,
I'm gonna go get loked on Dakota's dad, and he went out and just blew Dakota's dad away.
Just like, full drive-by, like, holy shit, dad. He's like, I know. I've been trying to tell you
guys I'm gangster as hell. You shouldn't have tried to-
I was supposed to go be a deacon at the church tonight, but I'm gonna take a break to go kill
Dakota's dad.
I call my boy Nate Dog. I call my boy Nate Dog's dad, and we had to go regulate.
Nate Dog's dad would be 88 years old at this point. Are we regulating?
I'm gonna need someone to roll me out.
Hey, thanks so much for listening to our podcast, my brother, my brother, and me.
We hope you've had a lot of fun. Listen, if you're in the Seattle or Vancouver area,
or you can get there, we're gonna be doing a live show there at the end of August.
Bit.ly forward slash mbnbamseattle, bit.ly forward slash van mbnbam.
Those tickets are going quickly, so please buy some tickets. It's reserved seating, so the
longer you wait, the worse your seats will be, so make sure you go right now and go buy some
tickets to those shows. Buy tickets to all the shows, and then just come to all of them.
We're gonna drive to all of them. Why can't you?
Well, they can't buy ones to the Portland ones.
Don't buy ones to the Portland shows. It's sold out, but the other ones do it.
Yeah, why not?
It's different stuff. Jeff, at least 60% different jokes every night. I can guarantee you that.
The stunts will be the same, and the games, those are mostly gonna be the same.
If you haven't yet, we really appreciate it if you would go to iTunes and subscribe,
rate, review, help bump us up them old iTunes charts. It makes us feel good and makes you
look awesome. I don't know how, but it does.
All right, excuse me, are you reviewing a podcast on iTunes?
You seem like one slag dad.
Do you mind if I crush your guts?
Thank you so much to John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song
instead of Parchu off the album, Putting the Days to Bed. We got to kick it
with John Roderick at Max Funcon. By the way, thank you to everybody who came to Max Funcon.
That was a hell of a fun weekend. We had a good time chatting with John about his Seattle
City Council campaign. If you live in the city of Seattle, look him up. Look up his platform.
He's got some real good ideas.
And just go vote in the primary. The primary's coming up. It's like August 1st, I think.
Yeah, so go do that.
He's a super sweet dude. Thank you, John Roderick. Go listen to the other shows on the Max Funcon
network, too. We have other shows that we do, like The Adventure Zone, which is a D&D podcast
that the three of us do with our dad. It's a super fun show. If you don't know anything
about D&D, we don't either, so it's a pretty good barrier or a low barrier of entry, I guess.
But then we got Justin Has Sawbones, which he does with his wife, Sydney, about medical
history. Travis has Bunker Buddies that he does with his friend, Andy, about different
apocalypses. And then there's a bunch of other shows on the Max Funcon network, like Throwing
Shade and Lady 2 Lady and International Waters, which is hilarious. We saw a live taping of that
at Max Funcon, too. There's so many good shows. They're all free. Go to maxfuncon.org and check
them all out. I also do a podcast with my best friend, Brent. You may know him as Brentalfloss.
We do a show called Trends Like These, where we talk about what's trending on the internet. It
comes out every Monday and Thursday. And Justin, I'm so glad you guys are back, right?
Should be this week, yes. I cannot wait. New episodes of Things I Bought at Sheets. They
went on hiatus for a while while they explored different artistic endeavors, but they're coming
back. So excited. Things I Bought at Sheets with the Z. Go check it out on YouTube. Also,
I've been getting way into Periscope. People should follow me on Periscope. Having a lot of
fun. A lot of fun on Periscope. If you are anywhere near Charleston, West Virginia,
our friend and confidant, John Hodgman, is going to be doing a show in Charleston. If you go to
bit.ly. And this is today. If you're listening this Monday, the 22nd, he's doing it today.
Go to bit.ly forward slash Hodgman WV, and you can get tickets to see Hodgman. They're 30 bucks,
and it's going to be great. I'll be there. Come say hi to both of us, and it's going to be a hoot.
Bit.ly forward slash Hodgman WV. Do you guys want that final?
Yeah. We hit you with it. It was sent in by Zoe Kinski. Oh, scaling that ladder. So close to the
top. She'll get there. It's going to happen. Thank you, Zoe. It's by Yahoo Answers user,
Danny, who asks, an anime that will make my dad cry?
I'm Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy. This has been my brother,
and my brother may kiss your dad square on the lips.
I'm Dan McCoy. I'm Stuart Wellington. And I'm Elliot Kalin. What is The Flophouse,
you may very well ask? We watch a bad movie, and then we talk about it.
A bad movie podcast? Isn't that like every fifth podcast on the internet?
I'd answer that by saying, one, we've been doing this show for over seven years,
long before the entire premise of our show was a cliche, and two, shut up. Sick burn.
I'd say that our show is more of a comedy podcast, a podcast about words that sound like other words,
a podcast about me singing long, irritating songs like this one,
a podcast about pitches for a Ziggy comic book movie or discussions about sex tarps.
Yeah, I mean, mostly it's a show about three friends just hanging out
and talking about ding dongs. That's mostly used to.
Wait, what? So if you like any of those things,
subscribe in iTunes today or visit MaximumFun.org to follow the show.
The Flophouse.
