The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
It's the start of something beautiful.
A small acquaintance has blossomed, it's ripened into a precious friendship.
I could have never seen what was coming for me.
Hangs at the skatepark, hangs by the beach.
My life, it feels like life.
Oh, it's better, it's better with you.
My life, oh, it's better, it's better with you.
This is true, oh, it's better, it's better with you.
My life, oh, it's better with you.
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Big Dog Woof Woof Travis Woof Woof Woof McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
And I have a question for you guys, is this your card?
Oh wow, it is. It is, yes, the Joker.
But that's a place card.
Yeah, right Travis, I've created these place cards to reserve our spot at a new restaurant being opened by none other than Mr. Mindfreak himself, Chris Angel.
And it just, I didn't even want to save it for Munch Squad.
It's too good for Munch Squad, and I feel like trying to put Chris Angel, who is so much a part of the tapestry of this program, into Munch Squad is like, it's kind of selfish.
It's like trying to trap him in anything, really.
That's exactly right, put him in anything, lock him into Munch Squad, lock him into a glass coffin, he will get out.
Now let me ask you this, Justin, I know nothing about this prior to this moment.
Are you kidding?
I know what it's called.
Is it called Tummy Freak?
No, no, it's got a great name, every bit of this story is the best.
Can I just say real quick, my favorite fact about Chris Angel, as far as I know, only professional living magician to be featured prominently on an episode of CSI Las Vegas.
Okay.
But not as himself.
My friend Dwight Slappy, you know him, he's a star of Things I Bought at Sheets, and of course Taste of Luxury, he often talks about the Phil Collins flip, where he started listening to, or sorry, the Billy Joel flip, where he started listening to Billy Joel ironically, and then oops-a-daisy, he was like deeply in, right?
And I feel like that happened with Guy Fieri, where I'm just like, I'm bored, I love the brand.
And I feel like I'm dipping into that with Chris Angel after reading this latest thing, where like, I'm just happy he's here, you know what I mean?
I'm just happy he's around.
Tell me what the name of the restaurant is.
I feel like that's the last thing you learn, Travis.
Oh boy, okay, okay.
It's so, it's the best, we could sit here, Travis, and for the next one hour, come up with names for restaurants opened by Chris Angel in rural Nevada.
And we would, the best we would achieve would be, I would say, maximum 15% as good as the name that Mr. Angel has selected for himself.
Susan Stapleton over at Eater has got the story that I'm referring to here, so thank you, Susan, for your pioneering work.
Chris Angel, the mind freak magician with a show at Planet Hollywood Resort is going into the restaurant business.
He bought a restaurant called Sugar's Home Plate, some 65 miles northeast from Las Vegas in Overton, Nevada.
So a real destination restaurant.
Yes, now he's got, is actually a sweet story.
Apparently he's out in that neighborhood with his seven-year-old son, Johnny Christopher, who was diagnosed with leukemia, and part of the, I guess, the way they got away from it all was dirt biking.
So they're out there in Overton, and they spot this restaurant, this Sugar's Home Plate.
They say, Magic, Magic, Papa, what was that restaurant we just ramped over?
And he said, I don't know, let's pull up.
He got out, loved the location.
Let's ramp through the picture window in the front.
I should mention that Chris Angel, C-R-I-S-S Angel, his son is named Johnny Christopher, C-R-I-S-S-T-O-P-H-E-R, live that brand, live that brand.
I love this man because he lives that brand.
You can acknowledge the fact that if he named his son Christopher at all with a different Christopher spelling, it would be so wild.
Now, Griffin, some may argue that he picked the name Christopher, so he did open that door himself.
But anyway, I think all credit to that young man.
That is going to be a unique life, and I can't wait for Johnny Christopher to live it, because that's going to be quite a journey.
But so they're at Durbeiken, right? And Chris says…
We can just say an experience we can all relate to, right?
Out there at Durbeiken with our magic daddy in rural Nevada.
Yeah, we've all been there.
And it's like Chris says, the more time we spent there, the more he got to know the town and the people, he just fell in love with this area.
Yeah.
It's nice.
I mean, it's nice.
It's like opening a camp for kids also going over with pediatric cancer and their families, and they're doing all kinds of stuff out there.
Chris Angel, Heart of Gold, I guess.
Chris Angel.
He's like, I'm doing this cool thing, and we'll talk about that.
I think, Griffin, you're referring to…
We are sort of backing into this, but I'm into it.
Angel is planning to build Chris Angel's Escape Camp Adventures, which is another fucking great name for a place.
Yeah.
On 14 acres in this same region.
Hey, Jerick, where are you heading this Saturday?
Oh, me?
I want Chris Angel's Escape Camp Adventures.
Yes!
No way!
Can you escape the camp?
I don't know!
That's my favorite Goosebumps Chooser and Adventure book.
So let's talk.
So he's like, you know what?
I'm going to have a fucking restaurant here.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
So he made this announcement.
They're going to reopen the restaurant in July with dine-in service, a walk-up window, and takeout.
They're going to have…
So it's a partnership.
His brother, Costa Sarantacos, and a pizza maker named Mike Baram, they're going to convert the restaurant into a fast, casual…
Oops.
Almost said it.
So he's got some experienced people on board, and they're going to have breakfast, which includes…
They got Belgian waffles, French toast, pancakes, omelets, and breakfast.
Yummy!
Nice.
For lunch, you stayed seated.
You were so full and satisfied, you stayed in your bed, and now we're doing lunch.
For lunch, we got you a nice Mopa chicken fried steak, chicken parmesan.
You think they do a turkey club?
I like a turkey club.
Oh, definitely.
Definitely.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Burgers, sandwiches, calzones, wraps, salads, and pizzas.
Pretty standard stuff.
I was expecting a little weirder from old Tracy.
Well, there's a cocktail that's fun.
They do have a cocktail named the Mind Freeze.
Yeah.
Yes, yes, yes.
It says here, an eater concocted with vodka and one of more than 100 flavors of Italian ice.
Wow.
That's the anchor for this whole experience.
I cannot believe that it's not called Mind Freeze.
The ambition, right?
Right.
The ambition of 100 different flavors, and that's not even the point of the restaurant, right?
No.
Ancillary at best.
If it had been a snow cone place called Mind Freeze that was just like, here's what we got at my place,
100 different flavors of snow cone and also vodka.
Let's go.
I would make a pilgrimage to get to Mind Freeze.
Do you think he's working the counter at Mind Freeze?
I mean, he's going to be working the counter at this place, which is, Travis, it is called...
Well, wait.
Just to refresh you, Travis.
Yeah.
This is Criss Angel's restaurant.
Right.
Where they have breakfast, and they have lunch, and they have pizza.
So this is Criss Angel's breakfast, lunch, and pizza.
What?
No, sorry, the name of the restaurant is Kablip.
Ooh.
Short for it's C-A-B-L-P Criss Angel's breakfast, lunch, and pizza.
Kablip.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kablip's the name of it.
The branding.
I love this.
The name of it's Kablip.
The name of it is Kablip.
Not since 90s Nickelodeon's Kablam has there been a name I've been so on board with.
A coward like us, we would have thought about it for an hour and eventually just come up with Mind Eats.
Yeah.
And it wouldn't have been...
I'm sticking with Tummy Freak, but Tummy Freak is awesome.
Tummy Freak is fine.
Mind Eats is good.
But no, he just went ahead and called it Kablip, and it's going to be open in July, which is amazing.
That's why he's Criss Angel, and we're just us.
Yeah, we're just living...
Yeah.
Criss, as always, I would fucking love if you want to come on the show and talk about the show...
Mind Freak is going to reopen July 7th.
The restaurant's open in July.
If you want to come on, you know, get at me, bud.
Talk about your time on CSI Las Vegas.
Yeah.
Anything you want to do.
I would be so excited to welcome you onto the show.
Thank you.
You could do some audio magic tricks?
Yeah.
Audio magic.
So anyway, that's the deal with...
That's the deal with that.
Very exciting.
I bet.
Very excited about that.
I bet it's good.
Yeah, of course it'll be good.
This is the thing.
There's actually an aspect of it where if the only kind of Criss Angel tie-in is the Mind Freeze,
and of course, the co-of-cublip.
But it does feel like he went like, no, this isn't a gimmick.
This is my new thing.
Right.
Damn it.
I was sent that story by so many people, and every single one of the people had some variation of this message.
I know for a fact 100% that you have been sent this a dozen times.
But I can't risk you not seeing it, so here it is again.
So thank you to everybody that sent along co-blip.
And you know, when we talk about support coming in a lot of different ways, this is what we mean.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Can we...
The name's so funny, co-blip.
First of all, there's no I in there, so they can try and say co-blip, but it is co-bulp.
And there's no way around that.
But even...
Okay, let's take apart...
Just ignore the abbreviation that they've chosen arbitrarily.
The name Criss Angel's Breakfast, Lunch, and Pizza is such a wild choice, Christopher.
Well, because otherwise it would have been Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner, and then it would have been co-blad.
And that's not it.
Do they close at two?
Or is it...
Can you eat dinner there?
No, if you're there at four, they flip open stuff on the side.
They have a full lunch menu.
At four o'clock, it disappears, and just the word pizza appears.
This is what you can have now.
Now you can have pizza.
Yeah, Griffith, come on.
If pizza was included in lunch, they wouldn't call it Criss Angel's Breakfast, Lunch, and Pizza.
They would just call it Criss Angel's Breakfast and Lunch, right?
So pizza denotes some sort of other meal.
Not necessarily dinner, though.
Because it does seem to imply, like, we have this varied menu for breakfast.
There's varied menu for lunch.
And then I hope you like pizza.
Yeah, and if you show up Sundays 11, 14 to 2, 23, you can get the pizza brunch.
Which is kind of a...walks all the different worlds, because they've got like eggs in them.
Don't tell my brother, though.
Because I have not gotten him to sign off on that, and he will be so pissed off.
Yeah.
This is an advice show.
Obviously.
Yeah, obviously.
And we're going to help people.
I'm looking for a place that serves breakfast, lunch, and pizza.
Oh, fuck, we can answer this one.
Oh, we can do this one.
No magicians, though.
Fuck.
Fuck.
If you walk in the door later in the day, he's going to grab you by your lapel and say,
How many meals have you eaten today?
Because if you say two, you're not eating here.
We don't have dinner.
I keep telling people that.
If you've already had your lunch, you could go.
My husband and I were finally able to secure patio furniture after manufacturing shortages last year made it impossible.
I'm really excited to have a change of scenery for my WFH days.
Work from home.
Work from home.
Thank you.
Yes.
Sorry, that has been my reality for every decade.
I got it now.
Work from home days, while the weather is still nice, but I'm running against a new etiquette dilemma.
Our porch is on the front of the house, and I can hear a neighbor that I'm friendly with next door working on his lawn.
He can't see me, but I can hear him sneezing frequently due to yard work.
I don't want to be weird and possibly startle him by yelling, bless you, from where he can't see me.
But it seems like it'd be awkward to stand up, make myself known, and then say it when we're both in the middle of projects.
I know the most logical thing is just to say nothing, but then I feel like I'm disappointing my mom by being rude.
How would you handle this?
That's from Allergy Awkwardness in Boston.
That last part, the feeling of being rude, I think that's universal, right?
Sure.
If I hear someone sneeze, one, it's pretty much automatic.
Bless you.
Something like...
Gesundheit!
Oh, why did I say that?
Yeah, gesundheit.
Yeah.
Why are we still doing that, though?
The demons.
No, no, jokes out of the room, just for like two seconds.
Yeah, let's send jokes out there for a second.
Why are we still blessing people?
You don't need to do any of it.
The only thing you're saying is, I know you sneezed, and I don't want you to die.
As a person, I think you're worth acknowledging, and you also sneeze.
I know that what you guys are saying is true, but I just pictured someone sneezing.
I'm talking to someone and they sneeze into their elbow because you've got to sleeve it.
Right.
And I just look at them.
Yeah.
And I say nothing.
Beryl, I'm nothing.
What could you say, okay, let me ask you this.
What could you say that would impart the same sentiment?
This doesn't help this question answer, but what would you...
Nice.
You're originally saying this like, hey, I noticed you sneezed.
There's a...
Because you sneezed and you didn't fucking blow...
Okay, sneezing is weird because for a second, you're not the boss.
Right.
When you sneeze, you're just rolling the dice that everything kind of stays on.
What they're saying is like, hey, I know you let yourself...
You lost control for a second there.
Hey, I know you Mr. Hide It Out for a moment.
Yeah.
You lost control for a second, but I want to congratulate you.
You reined it back in, and you are running the ship again, and I'm so proud of that.
You didn't blow your ass off.
You didn't try to hold it in a weird way that made your eyeballs pop out.
You are good.
You did a good job.
You did it.
You're back in control.
Welcome back.
Here's a fun thing that you can do at home.
If you're ever talking to a new person and you sneeze, make a really scared look and go,
what was that?
And act like it's the first time you've ever sneezed in your entire life.
That's fun.
That's got big third rock from the sun energy.
Yeah.
I love that.
Yeah, it's very...
Oh, bees bow.
I just feel like it doesn't do anything.
I sneeze...
First of all, y'all can say whatever you want.
A sneeze feels good.
I like...
Especially when you're chasing it.
Oh, when you're chasing that sneeze and you get one after a long day of working at getting
that sneeze, and then you feel good from it.
And I like letting Jesus take the wheel for a fraction of a second.
And then when you say, bless you, there's an element of that.
And I'm picking up subtext.
And I've also laid this subtext down of, I forgive you for the loud noise you just made.
That's fine.
It's fine.
It's okay that you just made that loud noise with the wind inside of you.
It's interesting though, because if you compare it to a burp, right?
The burp-er is expected to say, excuse me.
But when you sneeze, it becomes an outward problem for everyone around you to acknowledge.
It's just wind, isn't it?
It's just wind.
How come when the wind comes from our bellies, we have to fucking prostrate ourselves and
beg forgiveness.
But when wind comes from our nose, we look around like, where the fuck were you guys
on that one?
The wind comes from the belly and all of a sudden you are an outcast.
You don't do that here.
But you sneeze and it goes up your mouth and your nose, then it's my problem?
That doesn't make any sense.
You're being christened all of a sudden.
Yeah, it doesn't make any sense to me.
Bless my farts.
Let's just switch it for one year.
For one year, let's switch it.
And when you sneeze, you have to, oh my God, I'm so sorry.
That's embarrassing.
And when you do rip, then you look around like, anyone going to cover me on that one?
No.
Okay.
It's so weird.
Rude.
When you think about farts, it is weird.
How did air get in the mix?
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
There wasn't air on my hamburger.
You don't put air on your hamburger?
I don't think so.
It's just weird.
It's just weird.
Is it because, okay, and let's keep breaking this down.
Because I'm frankly, boys, I'm having a lot of fun in this space right now.
If the sneeze had a bad odor.
If a sneeze smelled like a fart.
Well, no, I don't even want to go that specific.
But if the sneeze had a bad odor, then would the onus be back on the sneezer to beg forgiveness?
There is badness in a sneeze.
It's not like you sneeze and you're like, oh, thank you.
Especially in these unprecedented times.
That's a good point.
I think that when you sneeze, you should have to say like, oh, no.
Not again.
Something that acknowledges a weakness in the body.
Right?
Because that's the thing.
Okay.
Sneezes are a weakness leaving the body.
This is what I'm saying.
When you fart or burp, incredibly natural, it happens every time.
A sneeze indicates something has gone wrong.
Yes.
Your body is like, listen, we have an intruder.
I only know one way to deal with it.
Right.
This is what I'm saying.
In many ways, a fart and a burp is your body going, hey, thanks for that food to sustain me.
And a sneeze is like, you put something bad in here.
Do you feel like with a sneeze, there's a discussion, an Osmosis Jones style discussion in the body,
where it's like, listen, I don't know if this merits it.
We're really not supposed to do this a lot.
Because it does trip them out pretty bad to not be in control.
But I think we do have to blow this out of here.
Also, Travis, and no, I'm not going to throw any stones or anything.
But I don't think that you are the best evaluator of what is a normal amount of wind to leave your digestive system.
Okay, let's see.
Oh, but Griffin, you're making my point for me.
I have GERD right here.
It makes me burp slightly more.
Did you call it GERD?
I've only heard about this GERD every time I've eaten within a mile of Travis.
I better cover my mouth.
I think he said GERT.
GERT.
I got yogurt.
I love that stuff.
If I don't cover my mouth now, my four-year-old looks at me and goes, excuse you.
And it cuts to the quick of me.
It's weird that it took that.
Yeah, anywho, what I'm saying is I have a condition.
And it makes me burp, right?
Right.
If you sneeze.
Well, you could have a sneezing condition.
There are so many sneezing conditions.
You don't actually have a point.
I don't.
It's like an anti-point.
Fuck, fuck, fuck.
Let's just ignore the sounds.
Here are the sounds you're allowed to comment on that my body makes.
Words.
End of list.
Words.
Laughter.
Mmm.
Moans.
What about a loud, like a loud, like, UGH!
Like a gasp.
Yeah.
Because that's a fight or flight thing.
Oh no, Griffin.
What has scared you?
And will it scare me?
I need to know.
Is there a bear around?
Yeah.
Is there you being attacked?
You need to know that information.
But if I do a regular wind.
It's hard.
I think we should just ignore all body sounds.
Ignore sneezes.
Ignore farts.
Ignore when people jizz and they say aruga.
Ignore.
All those.
All those.
Wait, when they jizz and their head turns into a big green wolf head and it goes aruga
and the mouth gets really loud.
And the steam comes out their ears.
Like, don't fucking, don't even fucking bring it up.
And when the shoes squeak, we get it.
We got it when you've been alone.
Okay?
It sounds like a fart a little bit sometimes.
All right?
Yeah.
Calm down.
If you're feeling good and you're a politician named Theodore Cruz.
Then you can just look at him and nod.
Okay.
Now, the one, I would argue that the one body sound we can all ignore is when your tummy
gurgles a little bit because it's hungry.
And you can be like, oh, sorry.
I'm just a little hungry.
Right?
I think that one's still okay.
Right?
That's cute.
That's cute.
I love that.
Yeah.
That's fine.
I saw an unofficial piece of merch floating around out there that said that Ted Cruz likes
to pee in his pants because he likes the warm feeling between his legs.
And I was pleased at first, but also incensed because, you know, that's, that I would love
your IP.
I would let my, that Ted Cruz is my IP, but so I'm sorry, but he's a real stinker.
It turns out, but I was wondering, like, we can't make that shirt cause we'll be, it's
seems very litigious.
I mean, even, even saying the words out loud on this show, it does seem somewhat libelous,
although this is a comedy show and that's fair use, whatever.
But I was wondering if we could make a shirt that says-
And I think they originally said it on Dear Mythical Morning and we're just quoting them.
So- Oh, really?
Good Mythical Morning.
No.
Oh, okay.
I didn't know.
But I'm trying to throw some of the blame.
Right.
Throw it around.
Yeah.
I heard, I heard.
They can handle it.
Yeah.
Rhett and Link can take this.
Good Mythical Morning said it, not us.
But if we made a shirt that said Teb Cruz and it was a B instead of a D and then, but
the rest of the words were normal and we put it in quotes and attributed it to Good Mythical
Morning.
To Good Mythical Morning.
So you're saying the shirt would read, thusly, Teb Cruz who likes to be his fans cause he
loves the warm, wet feeling between his legs.
Sincerely, Rhett and Link of the popular YouTube series, Good Mythical Morning.
Yes.
Yeah.
And all the funny ads.
And we would sell it and keep, but we would get the money.
But we would sell it.
Not them and not Redbubble, not whatever.
Would it help if we spelled it C-R-O-O-Z?
No.
What if we took all the, what if we took, instead of giving the money to charity, as
we so, we too often do, in my opinion, we got to start funneling that a little more
specifically this time into a legal defense fund for Rhett and Link to protect them from
the lawsuits of Ted Cruz.
Yeah.
Ted Cruz.
Hey, do you guys want a question from the internet?
I feel like I don't have a name for this segment, but I've gotten so many different people
sending me replacements for Yahoo Answers when really I don't think one platform is
going to cover it.
There will never be another Yahoo Answers unless they bring Yahoo Answers back.
There will never be one, one size fits all solution.
But there's a lot of places where people can ask silly questions on the web and when you're
surfing it and find and see them, I think it can be fun to dive in.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Go for it.
And I'll workshop a name.
Yeah.
Web questions.
Websons.
Websons.
Yahoo Answers.
Some, I, we'll get there.
Yeah.
New Answers.
Yeah.
I might just say, do you want a Yahoo?
But it's not capitalized.
So this is-
Like more like this guy's a really, Yahoo, that kind of deal?
Yeah.
Is that Yahoo?
Some old movies.
I say that.
Yahoo?
Yahoo?
I'm trying to protect us from Yahoo's lawyers.
Okay.
Or somebody else, somebody's lawyers.
Okay.
Apollo Management Group's lawyers, I think at this point.
Steven sent this one in and it's, it's on Quora again, but there's no long-winded scientific
explanation.
I don't know where to find who asked it because I don't know how to use this website yet.
The question is, using the five senses, how would you describe your grandmother?
Oh boy.
The fact that they wanted all five makes me think that this person didn't necessarily
consider the question fully before they put it on Quora or Quora.
I think sight would pretty much cover it.
Yeah.
Well, now you can, what's the smell of your grandma?
Everybody has that.
This is what I'm saying, Justin, is if I need information about your grandmother, my needs,
my needs, Travis's needs are met by sight.
I don't need-
We're so, we're all factory creatures.
Like for me, for us, mom's mom, granny, I really associate the scent of her making like
the best biscuits and gravy and bacon while smoking, just like a, I know this is going
to be good, but we're in a challenging environment for this meal.
A rich aroma.
There is, I will say, an aspect of going over to her house, there being a bowl of chocolates
on the table and eating them because I'm seven and I love chocolates, but also they do taste
like a cigarette butt.
Cigarette chocolate.
Yeah.
Is that a taste of your grandmother?
Mm.
I think that's as far as I want to go on what my grandmother tastes like.
Yeah.
I don't think I'm going to be like, hey nonster, lean over here.
Let me lick that face.
Yeah.
Nobody should be licking-
Let me get in there.
Don't lick Nani's face.
It's 2021.
And it's like-
Yeah, don't lick Nani's face.
I know that Fauci's like all about it now and he's like, go nuts.
It sucks how Fauci's like, everybody get out there and lick your grandma's.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it's like, there's not, it's like Fauci didn't even give me a chance to like put my
pants back on and like they were off while I kicked it at home for a year.
And then he's like, all right, wake up, idiot.
Go lick your grandma.
And it's like, did we, I guess, see, this is what was awesome about when Bath and Body
Works was like such a big name in the Christmas present game.
Is Bath and Body Works even still, is this so-
Oh no, they're huge.
They're expanding at the Huntington Mall.
They're taking over like a gigantic wing just all for them.
See when I think of the Nani smell, I go straight to Vanilla Bean because we would go to Bath
and Body Works and be like, Boop, give me all of the products that smell like this,
please.
This is my grandmother's scent.
And you would fucking, you would just know it.
You would just kind of know it.
Now here's the thing, you can answer about feel as like, a warm hug, that's a nice, oh,
I feel safe.
But I have this deep suspicion that this question asker would go, no, no, no, what does she
feel like?
And I'm not wild about that.
No, yeah, there's a lot of senses that- Oh shit.
Oh, Justin just threw up.
Oh, juice, you all right, bub?
Oh, fuck.
Bless you.
Go without me.
Oh no.
Oh no, they got him.
They got him.
He was thinking about Nani, he sensed Nani in different ways.
Let's see, yeah, taste, touch.
Just in touch, let's rank the senses that you, it's acceptable to sort of observe your
grandma with.
What does your grandmother look like?
Why are you guys just going on with the show when I'm in this condition?
Well, you muted yourself.
What does your grandmother look like?
What's your grandma look like?
Good.
That's the easiest.
What's your grandma sound like?
Like, you know.
That's easy.
Yeah, I know what my grandma sounds like.
What does she- No, I didn't mean it when I said go on without
me.
You guys should be really worried, guys.
It went down the wrong pipe.
Smell is easy to describe, but difficult to ask, I would say.
That puts it right there in the middle.
Then we get into taste and touch.
You're still doing jokes.
Taste is the worst.
I think brother's dying.
Taste is the worst one.
Yeah, because touch is like shame on you for asking.
Like if you- Just be muted.
If you ask the question, no, we hear you.
If you ask the question, what's your grandma feel like?
I'm going to give you a little chin music.
That's for fucking sure.
Oh my gosh.
But I can answer that.
I've held her hand.
I've given her hugs, right?
Right.
I've tasted them.
Yeah.
And most likely never will.
Probably won't.
When I was 12, Nonny let me drive to Bob Evans' farm while sitting on our lap, and that was
a long haul.
That's a cool story.
Huh.
Any other cool Nonny stories?
Yeah.
When I was at Bob Evans' farm later that day, an old man had his drink stuck in a vending
machine, and I got in there with my little arm and got it out, and he said, thanks, I'll
dance at your wedding.
And walked away.
Cool.
Did he?
That was dad.
It was...
No.
It was...
Yeah.
No, he...
I don't...
Not that I know.
He didn't get my details or anything.
Yeah.
Damn.
Maybe he was an angel, and he did dance at your wedding.
It's possible.
That's beautiful.
On the head of a pin.
Yeah.
Well, I think my signature scent would probably be sugar-free hazelnut coffee, mate.
Huh.
I think I just smell like me, right?
Like, just...
Oh, that's Travis.
That's pure Travis.
That's pure uncut Travis right there.
You know?
Here's my scent.
Put this lotion on, you'll smell like Travis.
But what's that smell?
I like allure-om sport.
Yeah.
Excuse me?
You heard me.
I didn't.
Let's take a break.
We're going to go to the Money Zone, and there's nothing you can do about it.
Okay.
Let's go!
Okay, Griffin, off the top of your head, could you name me between 15 and 18 different jobs
that might use Squarespace?
Sure.
Skateboard artist.
Okay.
And cook.
What's two?
And firefighter.
Okay.
And website maker, online retail specialist, and fighting person.
Fighting.
Fighting, and crossing guard, freelance crossing guard, and...
If you want to show how well you can cross guard or guard crosses, I guess, you can set
up your website on Squarespace.
Pharmacy one.
No, don't.
You should...
Hey, listen.
There are many different ways that you can use Squarespace, but please do not set up
your own pharmacy using Squarespace.
We cannot advocate for that, Griffin.
That's a good point.
Yeah.
If you're working at a big pharmacy chain, they probably have their own website.
You don't have to double up.
I've wanted to start my own pharmacy for a while, so I built a website.
It's a place you can go online to order medicine.
It's like, yeah, I'm a pharmacist at CVS, but their website sucks.
So now I've made a website called Keith's Drugs.
You can showcase your work, sell products and services of all kinds, well, it does say
of all kinds, physical or online businesses and more.
They've got beautiful, customizable templates created by world-class designers, everything
optimized for mobile right out of the box, analytics that help you grow in real time,
free and secure hosting, and nothing to patch or upgrade ever.
Go to squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial, and when you're ready to launch,
use the offer code MYBROTHER, one word, to save 10% off your first purchase of a website
or domain.
Now, yeah, I told them, I was, I did the whole like, oh, I'm coughing so bad, you guys gotta
do the ads without me thinking, that's fine.
Yeah, basically getting like paid not to podcast, you know what I mean?
And no, they bought it.
Hey Justin, you actually are unneeded, and we clocked you out.
Actually, this is embarrassing because we're hearing it.
We're hearing it.
We clocked you out.
As soon as you needed.
No, no, no, I just tossed the headphones on the table.
I don't have them on.
No, we clocked you out.
Yeah.
No, I don't think they would have the guts to clock me out.
No, I'll text them.
Hold on, I'll text them.
Okay.
Well, one of them's texted.
Hold on, let me get it.
Justin.
We can hear you.
Sentence.
Brrrr.
That was the vibration.
Are you fucking, you should fucking stop it.
Sorry, guys.
I'm real choked up over here.
Oh, like emotionally?
You need to calm down, Justin.
No, it's just way down the wrong pipe.
Justin, you need to calm down.
That was a good segue for you to hit.
I'll try to calm down, but I don't know how I do it without an app or something.
Oh, right, right, right.
Listen, Justin, we're partnering with Calm.
It's the number one mental wellness app to give you the tools you need to improve the
way you feel.
Mostly, I think, mentally, right?
I don't know that they can stop you from fake coughing to get out of work, but you could
clear your head with guided daily meditations, improve your focus with Calm's curated music
tracks, and drift off to dreamland with Calm's imaginative sleep stories.
Oh my god, they're the best.
Sleep more, stress less, live better with Calm.
Hey, does this work on seven-week-old babies?
Sure.
Because it's so...
Gotta get down there.
It's unreal.
Imagine they have all these really boring sleep stories, like where they just talk to
you about a train trip.
You know what I mean?
Not boring.
Like, just chillin' uneventful, right, as you're supposed to put you to sleep.
Imagine Cillian Murphy telling you about crossing Ireland by train to help wisp you
off to sleep.
Wait, they got that?
Harry Styles?
Yeah, he'll talk you to go to...
It's called Dream With Me for 40 minutes.
You and Harold...
Harry Styles.
You and Harold Styles.
Harold...
Dr. Harold Styles.
Do you enjoy watermelons?
He does.
I!
You know they got Idris.
They got everybody.
Everybody.
It's fantastic.
How do we hear it, Justin?
What do we do?
Well, you go to calm.com.
That's C-A-L-M.com slash my brother.
Although I'd argue if you don't know how to spell calm, maybe you shouldn't try to relax
right now.
Maybe you should get more focused in your life.
Calm.com slash my brother for 40% off unlimited access to Calm's entire library.
That's calm.com slash my brother.
There's a limited time promotion of a 40% off a calm premium subscription at calm.com
slash my brother.
Somewhere between science and superstition, there is a podcast.
Look, your daughter doesn't say she's a demon.
She says she's the devil himself.
That thing is not my daughter and I want you to tell me there's a show where the hosts
don't just report on French science and spirituality, but take part themselves.
Well there is, and it's Oh No Ross and Carrie on Maximum Fun.
This year we actually became certified exorcists.
So yes, Carrie and I can help your daughter.
Or we can just talk about it on the show.
Oh No Ross and Carrie on MaximumFun.org.
I really want to tackle the next question, boys.
I think it's, it's not something we normally do, but I think we could help.
How do I sleep over at Buffalo Wild Wings?
Yeah, this is fun.
That's a fun question.
In the museum sleepover setting, which is the traditional, hey, what are you doing here?
Sleepover setting.
You just go, you go and you know, pull a Franklin Wilder in the fucking bathroom and just like
chill up in a stall and like kick it there and just like wait.
But Buffalo Wild Wings is a little bit smaller.
It's easier to put eyes on all of its dark corners and crevices.
You know they have somebody who sweeps it like, and not with a broom, but like sweeps
it like looking for you, looking for, for wing squatters.
Yeah and people are taking chicken naps.
So bathroom's not going to cut it.
First of all, I've never actually been lucky enough to get into a bathroom stall at a Buffalo
Wild Wings.
So bodacious are the queues to access that.
They're booked wings out, it's out of sight.
It's out of sight.
So you gotta be a little more creative than that.
It's interesting Griffin that you went that way.
Because when I first read this question, my thought was, you know, people always talk
about where they want to have their birthday party and it's like a Chuck E. Cheese, right,
or something.
But like maybe I want to have a lock-in sleepover experience at a Buffalo Wild Wings.
Is that a service that they offer?
Well let's, I don't want to squash this dream before we get into like actual tactics and
strats for how to sleep over at a Buffalo Wild Wings, but I do want to say that there
probably won't be anybody working while you're at the Buffalo Wild Wings.
So like if you're thinking like you're gonna have like a huge like wing chomping like festival
for yourself, then that, unless you cook them yourself, which you don't know where they
keep the good sauces.
What about the wings that they made that nobody ate during the day?
Those are probably just sitting out, right?
You could probably just eat those.
The gently used wings, what do you do with those?
That can be a fun sleepover activity is to pick through those.
You can make bone art.
There's a lot of stuff you can use.
There's a lot of stuff you could do at a BW3 sleepover, actually, now that I think
about it.
Bone armor, bone weapons.
You can do bone art, bone weapons.
You can hunt for the wek.
Where's the wek?
Yeah.
Where's the wek?
In the wek.
You could play trivia by yourself.
Yeah, sure.
Do they still do the trivia?
I can't imagine they still do the trivia.
Do you think they still do the trivia?
They have to.
They have to.
Right?
Probably on their phones and not-
It's probably on your phones now, right?
Yeah.
Hey, kids.
Hey, kids.
Come around.
Hey, kids.
You'll never believe this, but for a while, if you went to BW3s or Damon's or several
other places, you could ask a person for a device that they would give you to play trivia
on.
It was like a big chunky keyboard.
It was a speaking spell.
A big chunky keyboard.
Essentially, that you would punch in things and the TV would be like, you're not smart.
You're a loser.
Look at this person in last place who put their real name, Griffin McElroy, at table
14.
Idiot.
I would argue, though, that in our dad's 65 years, it was the only time he was ever
truly happy.
Yeah, that's true.
Sometimes you'd see dad come in fourth in the nation, and it was so inspirational.
We would often have three at the table, because nobody else would fucking do it, but dad would
be so laser focused.
He might as well have not been there.
Those are the times when I missed my daddy the most.
This is gonna be fun.
Shit, boys.
I was all ready to stomp all over this one, but I think a sleepover at Buffalo Wild Wings
would be one hell of a night.
Some of them have arcade machines, too, so that would be fun.
Yes.
Some golden tea.
Fuckin' forget about it.
Oh, dude.
I love that.
The basketball ones, where it's kind of a game, but also reminds you that you're bad
at sports.
Yes, okay.
We gotta do this.
How are we having our Buffalo Wild Wings sleepover?
So you spent your entire time deciding that you do want to do this.
I do want to do this.
It sounds fucking fun.
Yeah.
Okay, what about this?
You need to get yourself, and this cannot be hard to find, get yourself a Buffalo Wild
Wings uniform, and then be there maybe an hour or two before closing, and you're gonna
start cleaning some things, right?
Okay.
And then just one by one, as people clock out, you just keep saying, oh, no, I'll lock
up.
Yeah.
I'll close down.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
I like this.
Until you're the last person there.
And then you just stay, baby.
Well, it would have to be a pretty huge Buffalo Wild Wings for somebody to not go, hey, I've
never seen you before.
You do not work here.
There are six people here.
You think every Buffalo Wild Wings in put, I'm new.
Boom.
I'm wet.
I'm wet.
I'm wet.
I used to be here, but then I left.
I don't, I don't, I don't know about this strategy, but let me hit you with this.
Get seduced by the owner of a Buffalo Wild Wings franchise.
And it-
Wait, not seduce them.
No, no, no, no.
Okay.
It's gotta be there, because you know that they are looking out left, right, and center
for people to seduce them to try and have a sleepover.
A Buffalo Wild Wings.
Okay.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
What was I thinking?
If you create a real honeypot, and you allow yourself to be seduced-
Oh, man.
If you haven't tried the honeypot sauce, by the way-
It's the best.
Allow you-
It's honey and CBD, which is really nice.
Which is really wild.
It's like, if you were the franchise owner of a Buffalo Wild Wings, you know that you're
gonna be using that sexually to your advantage, as much as you possibly can.
And this is-
With the power to be able to-
The power.
Look, I have the keys.
Yeah, I have the keys to the Buffalo Wild Wings.
Do you wanna go make love in there?
And then you could say yes, and then, you know-
I could show you the weck.
I could show you where we keep the secret weck.
This is a-
And then, you know, maybe you do fall in love, but it's probably just for the sleepover at
Buffalo Wild Wings.
But the one thing you never plan on when you're planning on a sleepover at Buffalo Wild Wings
is to fall in love.
Is you fall in love.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Damn it.
It's too risky.
Don't do mine.
Okay.
Hey, don't do mine, guys.
Okay.
You're gonna need a mascot costume.
All right.
And then you're gonna need a friend, you walk in wearing the mascot costume.
You're a new mascot for Buffalo Wild Wings.
What's that?
You have a letter from corporate that explains everything, right?
Now you're gonna need a compatriot.
Your compatriot is gonna come in, they're gonna eat a regular meal.
But then at some point, you're gonna switch the costume to them.
Now they're gonna leave, right?
So they'll see the costume leave.
But what's that?
You're still there.
Okay.
Whoa.
Yeah.
Where?
In the walk-in freezer.
And then underneath the mascot costume, you were wearing like a thick starter jacket.
Oh.
They never saw it coming.
You're very warm.
That's good.
What's the team on the starter jacket?
It's the Green Bay Packers.
So then you're going to release yourself from the lock-in.
Now, this is important.
You need to make sure before you close the lock-in door that there is a way to release
yourself from the lock-in.
You've gotta put some tape over the thing or like-
Something.
Something.
Something.
That's the one part of the plan where you could die from it.
Yeah.
This is the-
Listen.
This is so important.
Stuff some tissue paper in there.
Something.
Because listen.
If you want to-
If you really want to sleep over at Buffalo Wild Wings, you have to accept the fact that
you might die in the process.
Yeah.
There's a risk.
There's a risk.
But you've got to risk it for the basic sometimes.
If you want to sleep-
Listen.
Now, I will say that in extreme cases, if you do get locked in that lock-in, you can
start consuming the frozen blazin' sauce.
Yeah.
It will buy you some time.
It'll get a stopgap measure at best, though.
Yes.
Now, you can also usually find some celery in there, which is cool.
Okay.
Yeah.
Now you're gonna have to free yourself, right?
Now you're gonna need to avoid the cameras.
Oh, did I mention?
Oh, shit.
Those cameras.
Yeah.
But this can be accomplished by dressing like a ghost underneath your starter jacket.
That's right.
Take your starter jacket off, and you're the ghost of the guy who died doing the Blazin'
Hot Wings challenge.
He's there anyways.
It won't be suspicious.
Okay.
Now, time to play that basketball game, my friend.
Enjoy.
Enjoy.
The hard part's over.
Now in the morning, you will be going to prison.
You'll go to jail.
Yeah.
But it's worth it.
But then you take off the ghost costume, you're wearing a shirt that said, I didn't steal
anything.
Uh-huh.
I don't plan to steal anything.
I'm not a burglar.
I don't plan to burgle this place.
I'm just having fun.
And it says that on your shirt.
And so when they see the security camera footage, they're like, who is this burglar?
And then they're like, no, read his shirt.
And you're like, read the shirt.
Read the shirt.
It's right off the perfect crime.
And then they're like, oh, it's just a harmless little adventurer who's going to have a great
story coming out of tonight.
I'm proud of him.
I love him.
I would marry that adventurer.
I would marry that person.
A lot of these scenarios are going to end up with you finding the love of your life.
Yep.
But that's Buffalo Wild Wings.
That's Buffalo Wild Wings, baby.
To back up, it used to be called BW3, and the third W was for Wek.
It was Wings Wild and Wek.
And I think Wek was maybe a kind of bread or like an Irish thing.
I don't know exactly.
But that's why we kept saying Wek earlier.
Was that not clear?
This has been, you're listening to this with director's commentary turned on.
You can turn me off at any point.
We should do that more.
Hey, you know that joke we've been making for the last 20, that's a reference from a
TV show that only the three of us watched and had two episodes.
And that's why it was only funny to us and no one else ever.
Should we do another question?
Yeah, I think so.
I was going to do, there's like news in the chicken sandwich wars, but I don't really
feel like, I feel like things have been so stressful that like more conflict is not really
what we need right now.
Okay.
But just so you do know, Pringles is making Wendy's spicy chicken sandwich flavored chips.
Yeah, good.
Huh.
Crisps.
That's it.
That's all we need sometimes is just that.
Yeah.
All right.
You should just know that, that that's going to happen.
Cool.
And it's out there.
Awesome.
And also Taco Bell said that it refuses to join the chicken sandwich wars.
Well, damn it Juice, I do actually need more details on that.
Bun, mayo, chicken, pickle, bun.
Not familiar.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Yes.
Maybe not this because, well, I mean, you know what?
Actually I could tell you the story, but let me just play this brief documentary.
The great chicken war, the battles began where most tragedies do with a bun in 2019, a brioche
bun carrying pickles, mayo and chicken became an agent of disruption and desire, the chaos
immediate and the copycats inevitable.
Time sandwich syndrome sprang up everywhere.
People were forced to endure hours long waits for a taste.
Journalists had to find new ways to describe this blah, blah, bun banality.
The victims were many, but in chaos, a single meal dare to do the undoable, get naked.
And so it was, but Taco Bell's naked chicken chalupa returned to menus nationwide, unburdened
by bonds, the fried chicken shell carried something greater than the sum of its ingredients.
Imagination.
Did it end the wars?
No, of course not, but it did offer something better, a chalupa.
So-
Fuck, that's a good commercial.
No, it's not because you can't say we're better than the chicken wars.
So we've got our own little chicken war going on over here where we're the only combatants
and we win.
That's bullshit.
It would be like if you saw two people shooting at each other and then you taped a gun to
your head and you're like, I'm not in the war.
I'm in a different war that I'm the only combatant in and I win gunhead war.
So-
I'm just saying that listen to them, like, listen, Justin, you can't tell me that there
is a strong, strong thread of truth to the listening to journalists talk about the blah,
blah, blah, chicken sandwiches.
I mean, I'm part of the problem aren't I, Trav?
I mean, I'm part of the machine, so it's hard for me to have that kind of distance.
I will say this is a great quote from Liz Matthews, Taco Bell's chief food innovation
officer.
When you look at the industry, you see the same sandwich being introduced as new everywhere.
But at Taco Bell, being a follower isn't our philosophy.
We've listened to our fans and we're confident this is the perfect time to bring back this
fan favorite.
You listened to your fans, you followed your fans.
So Liz, you followed your fans and also followed yourself, the chalupa you did again.
And also, you fucking didn't invent the taco.
You can't say that.
You didn't-
And it's-
This is probably not the best time to remind you it's not a chalupa, but I guess I'll
go ahead and do that too.
It's- you're in the chicken sandwich wars.
Like I don't know how- if you can't do a commercial about the chicken sandwich wars that ends
with you revealing your chicken product, like that- that is also unacceptable.
You're in the shit now, Taco Bell, congratulations.
You could have just as easily-
Yeah, you're in the war.
You could have just as easily not- like you didn't have to do a commercial saying, fuck
the chicken sandwich wars.
Or it could have ended with you revealing that you'll now be selling like reasonably
priced but durable work boots, you know?
If they had made a commercial that didn't end with them announcing a product and had
just been, these fucking losers keep talking about their identical chicken sandwiches.
Fuck that.
Come get some Taco Bell, baby.
We're gonna Doritos blast some shit and you know you're gonna be here for it.
You're fucked up.
I'm fucked up.
Like let's party.
Ignore all these fucking squares.
They don't know what they're doing.
But we don't have anything new for you today.
We just are so fucking tired of it and we know you are too.
Fucking Popeyes, fucking- just do whatever you want.
Like go eat a chicken sandwich but like just chill for like a minute.
Even talking about the chicken sandwich wars gives more credence to the idea that this
exists.
That this is- because it is like a wild phenomena of like everyone just decided there was a
war and then we all said there was a war and then the war happened.
That's how it really works.
Now I want to talk about the chicken guars.
It's where the banquoir primarily writes songs about chicken.
Hey that's- let's call it a show.
I think this is a show and we really appreciate you listening to it.
We hope you're having a good day.
Huh.
We don't say that enough.
Yeah we don't.
I hope that you've done something nice for yourself and someone else today.
Yeah thanks.
I appreciate you.
Thanks.
Hey thank you.
Hey.
Thank you Justin.
I like the way you read the questions.
Thanks Trav.
I like the way that you responded to them and did some of your own jokes and the whole
thing.
I want to say-
Hey Griffin you did a good job too.
I thought Justin would pass it on to you.
Yeah.
And he kind of then just passed it back to me.
It's okay I don't need it.
I don't need it.
I want to say that Montaigne will always be my Eurovision 2021 winner.
Yeah.
End of sentence.
That's who I say won Eurovision 2021.
End of sentence.
Won our hearts for sure.
And the competition.
And the competition.
And the competition.
Yeah.
And thank you to Montaigne for the theme song to our program.
My life is better with you.
I know a lot of people want the full version of that.
It's good.
I've heard it.
And it should be out like, we're not in the music releasing business folks.
You know?
We're barely in the podcast releasing business.
It'll be out later.
Yeah.
It's not in our control.
They're-
Montaigne rules.
No it is in our control.
McRoyMerch.com.
Go over there and check out our pin of the month.
It's a tub pumpkin.
It's really great.
It benefits the Equal Justice Initiative, which is committed to ending mass incarceration
and excessive punishment in the United States to challenging racial and economic injustice
and to protecting basic human rights for the most vulnerable people in American society.
You can also check out, we got an Adventure Zone logo decal there and a new Appalachian
workshop sticker with a portion of those proceeds going to Habitat for Humanity of the Tri-State.
I do some Twitch streaming over at twitch.tv slash TheTravisMcRoy.
Speaking of, you can go check out our YouTube channel.
We got Taste of Luxury over there.
We got Monster Factory.
We got some video game streams we did.
We got some stuff that we put up during the Max Fun Drive that you can watch.
All kinds of great stuff over there.
You can also pre-order Adventure Zone Crystal Kingdom, the next graphic novel in the series
over at theadventurezonecomic.com.
That's coming out July 13th, 2021, so not too far away.
Miss your chance to pre-order it and get that pre-order gift from our publisher for a second.
It's a Kravitz lenticular laptop sticker, and you can submit receipts for the pre-order
gift at bit.ly slash Taz for pre-order.
Hey, speaking of Taz, we just started a new season of the Adventure Zone.
Get on board now.
We're doing some fun world-building stuff, and I think you're going to really enjoy it.
Yeah.
Do you want Final Yahoo?
Yes.
Yeah, this one was sent in by Chester.
Okay.
Thanks, Chester.
It's Yahoo Answers user, Bam, who asks, how many of you do not know when—
I'm sorry, what?
Say it!
Where did—hello?
I fell—I fell off my bike and my nuts hit a car?
Should they go to—should they go to jail?
Can they let them go?
Is there someone that borrowed your bike or anything?
I'm sure there's someone else there.
No one left.
What?
43才?
In five now.
Is better with you
My life, ah it's better,
it's better with you
It's better with you
My life, ah it's better,
it's better with you
This is true, ah it's better
it's better with you
My life, ah
Maximum fun dot org. Comedy and culture. Artist owned. Audience supported.
