The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
Well, I'm your middle-est brother, but for the purposes of this, I'm your youngest brother, too.
I'm both. I'm both brothers. I'm the middle-est and the youngest.
Yes, because we are without Griffin right now. Don't worry,
we're not going to do a whole episode without him. Rather than-
No, that would be pretty great.
He's out of town, and rather than just leaving you all hanging,
we wanted to put together another best of episode. This encompasses our 31st
through our 45th episode, and there is so much good stuff. Bramblepelt, I think is in this one,
Padula Kitten, Chin Deep and Chinchillas, all the classics.
I don't remember any of those babies.
I know. Well, just wait, you're going to hear about them.
All of those were animal-based. Do we do a lot of animal-based humor on the show?
All animal and penis-based humor in these early episodes, for sure.
Okay, nice, nice.
We wanted to mention, first off, we'll jump back in with you here in the middle,
but we wanted to mention right up front, we're doing a live show in Los Angeles, California,
and that's going to be on June 13th, 7.30 p.m. at the Downtown Independent Theater.
Ticket sales are going to begin May 21st, that's this Wednesday, at 3 p.m. Eastern.
That's noon Pacific, and you are not going to want to miss out because they are going to go
fast. There's only going to be about 200 tickets available, and they will go fast because we're
doing a show with Jordan Jesse Go, Double Bell, Explosion. It's going to be huge,
and you are going to want to be there for it because it's going to be awesome.
So, there's one show, and it goes on sale.
And we cannot add more, people.
We cannot add more. So, Wednesday at noon Eastern, and 3 p.m. Eastern, noon Pacific.
3 p.m. Eastern, noon Pacific. And you can get those at mbmbam.brownpapertickets.com.
mbmbam.brownpapertickets.com.
Okay, time for highlights. We'll see you in a few.
Like the Chilean miners emerging from the cre-
You can't bust that out every week.
Like Chilean miners.
Is that a reboot? Is that what this is? Are we refreshing the franchise?
This is just celebrating the hardworking miners of Chile.
Of what?
This isn't like about anything. I'm just glad that they're there.
Oh, yeah. My screen breaks coming up, too. You want to maybe go to Chile?
Maybe we could go chill on the beaches of Chile.
It's like Chilean miners emerging from a mine. We've returned for another week of-
You know, a lot of people, a lot of people liked that when I did it
right after those famous guys came out. So I thought, what if I brought it back?
I mean, Chilean miners are still coming out of mines.
Sure, yeah. They haven't stopped, I hope.
Right? I mean, they're going in there getting butane and gold.
I don't know. They're getting butane?
They go down there with just plastic shopping bags and they just scoop up the bute.
Be open to receiving communications in varying ways.
For example, your dream may be filled with a conversation with a dead person,
or the dream may be filled with images, colors, or symbols.
I had this dream where I ate a giant sandwich. What do you think Hitler was trying to tell me?
It was very colorful, the sandwich, and symbolic in a way.
Yeah. As an example, the dead person may say to you,
I can't get through to your mother. She isn't picking up the phone.
Let me try that again.
Could you try her for me? Maybe send her a text.
Let me try again. As an example, the dead person may say to you,
I can't get through to your mother. She isn't picking up the phone.
Obviously, there is no spirit phone, you dumb fuck.
You dumb shit.
Hey, dummy. But it's the dead person's way of saying
that they're coming to you because the other person isn't open to communicating with the dead.
And rather than say that, they brought up the complicated idea of a phone.
Travis, listen. There's imagery, there's colors, and there's symbols.
The spirit phone is a symbol.
Your mom-moms don't talk to ghosts. Tell your mom to stop being such a prudish
bitch. I'm trying to get your noodle.
So, if I have a dream in which I'm in Pee Wee's Playhouse,
and all of the talking furniture sounds like Charles Nelson Reilly, what's going on?
Ghosts of Charles Nelson Reilly. Is he still alive?
He's trapped in Paul Reuben's house. He's buried underneath Paul Reuben's house.
Paul Reuben killed Charles Nelson Reilly. Buried him in the cellar.
Now he makes the corpses of Charles Nelson Reilly watch him eat dinner.
It's a really weird arrangement they have.
Mystery solved.
Mystery solved.
It would have gotten away if it weren't for us meddling kids.
This question was asked by Yahoo Answers user Nat Ilf, who asked,
what is the heaviest babby to ever be birthed?
Jesus.
Really? Again with the babby?
Again with the babby.
Fucking cut it out.
She goes on to ask,
I am pregnant, due on Christmas, and the doctors say my babby is very heavy.
I think they said he was going to be 175 pounds.
Can I do anything to make my babby smaller?
I am really worried about the labor.
That's going to be a wicked labor.
Wow.
You will most certainly die.
Your lower section will open up, it will bloom like a flower,
when you pass that 175 pound man through your lady tubes.
Let's be honest, this guy's wearing her like an inner tube right now.
He's just walking around with his mom around his waist.
Sure.
It's vulgar.
He's already applying for jobs.
It's pretty awful.
Is this like an early onset, early onset, like, Jack disease?
Is that what's going on here?
You think that job market is up right now.
Now, try going in with your mom with her skin stretched out all around your hands and feet.
I see a human face sticking out of your chest, like, through the skin.
What is going on?
We're both applying.
You hire both of us, or you hire neither of us, unless it's a very compelling offer,
and then I will consider a late-term abortion.
Although, you know what?
You know what, conservatives?
That is one area where if you abort a full-grown man,
I think I can get on board with you that that should be a crime.
When does consent, when does life begin?
I think once you have stubble, I think definitely life is officially begun.
At six, yeah.
Sure.
Life begins at six feet.
How bad, I don't even care about the miscommunication.
Like, how bad have you been at weights, your whole life?
You don't, like, that doesn't immediately, like, whoa, did you say 175?
That sounds like a hefty person.
You only weigh 130 pounds.
You physically can't, unless your urethra is a TARDIS,
there is literally no way that you could have that in you.
It's like, no, it's like the genie bottle, you see.
And I just said urethra as if that was some kind of body part
that's involved in the passing of babies through humans.
That is, in fact, the tube that a man's urine goes out, right?
Ladies have them, don't ladies have them too?
Like, I don't know, you may know a doctor.
So the urethra is where your baby is.
You're going to pee out that 175 pound baby through your urethra,
and it's going to be the worst day of your life.
Yeah.
Enjoy that, elf.
You're a dead woman.
My boyfriend and I joke around and call each other by fun pet names,
like chump and punk.
What are some names I could call him,
or what have you called boyfriends or girlfriends?
I usually call my girlfriends chump or punk.
So I'm fresh out of solutions.
You could combine it and just call him Chunk.
Yeah, or Pump.
Sydney and Sidney, Sidney and Sidney, this is uncommon don't.
Is that normal?
Is that okay?
This is my girlfriend.
This is my girlfriend, Chunk Pump.
I love her very much.
She's very sweet.
This is my girlfriend, the captain.
I really love her very much.
I really love her very much.
She's a real sweetheart.
Chunk Pump makes me think of like the old timey way
that pioneers used to get creamed corn up out of the ground.
Got a deep vein here.
This is a nice vein.
It's rich.
Let me get out my creamed corn dowsing machine.
It's made of creamed corn.
Why wouldn't it be just like fossilized?
I hold a scoop of creamed corn in my left hand,
and it leads me home.
Where are you going?
I think we can find some elucidation
in the answers that have been provided.
Okay, that's good.
Anastasia responded.
Mr. Sweetsie Poo.
Lovey Snookums.
Cuddly Kints.
Huggy Bear.
Love Muffin.
Snuggly Pie.
Boo Boo Bear.
Bon Bon Sugar Lips.
Hi, I'm Bon Bon Sugar Lips.
I'm Professor Bon Bon Sugar Lips.
I'm Bon Bon Bon Sugar Lips.
The next thing is the best thing I've ever read.
Badoodly Kitten.
What?
Say that one more time.
Badoodly Kitten.
Can I get one more?
Just take me to the bridge.
A Badoodly Kitten.
That would be B-apostrophe-D-oodly Kitten.
I didn't know that we could just like say sounds
and like mash them together.
Like, Raquantia.
Like, Raquantia?
Like, that's Badoodly Kitten.
I sensed from this email that you guys love each other.
I can tell that.
I sense a love there.
But it sounds like you guys are one good long conversation
away from getting this sorted out.
Sounds like a convo needs to take place.
If it's not gonna work out, there's always Griffin.
He's, I can give you his phone number.
He's super nice.
Please, ladies.
Ripe for the picking.
Like a delicious cherry.
One might even say overripe.
One might say he's developed some tendencies
during his year of solitude that maybe are not so attractive.
Maybe a few bruises on the fruit.
Maybe my rind is a little moldy, figuratively and literally.
Ladies are guys.
Line forms to the left.
Yeah, I'm not so picky anymore.
Just anybody.
Just take him.
Yeah, I got one.
I've been staring at it the whole show.
It's like a deep dark pit, this question.
I think we just got to dive into it,
even though we don't know where it'll stop.
It was sent in by Goodbye Babylon Babylon,
which wasn't that a, is that a David Gray song?
I don't know.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Ruby Heart McKinley, who asks,
what are some good warrior cat names?
What?
Excuse me?
I need five warrior names.
Three names for three black cats, one for a white cat,
and one for a brown cat, please.
I have no fucking idea what's going on with this question.
There's no more details?
That's it.
Please tell me there's more details.
Wait a minute.
That's all we've got.
Warrior cat names.
Now, let me read you some of the answers.
This one was sent in by Josie J. Feather McKaney,
or rather it was answered.
The answer was provided by Josie J. Feather Mulcainy, who-
Hey, there's your first name.
Name one, done.
Who says, I love creating warrior names.
Smiley face.
Here's some for black cats.
Yes!
Nightshade, Nightriver, Nightfall, Nightfire, Nighthunter,
Shadowskin, Shadowlady, Shadowrose, Shadowchild,
Shadowbird, Shadowstorm, Nightstorm, Nightbird,
Fallen Shadow, Nightwing.
Oh, Jesus.
Here's some for white cats.
Lilypad, Lilyheart, Lilymoon, White Shadow, White Claw,
White Knight, White Moon, White Rose, White Leap, White Thorn,
Snowfall, Ice Wind, Frostbite, Frostpool, Snow Song.
Here's some for brown cats.
Thorn Prick, Cobra Strike, Snake Skin, Viper Fang,
Adder Snack, Bramblesong, Bramblespring, Bramblesong,
Thornwing, Fallen Snake, Snakebite.
What about Calicas?
You got a Calica?
Hodgepodge, black and white, and orange.
Silly, buddy.
Mixed up.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
I mean, guys, there's a full page.
There's a full page of people providing answers.
Could you read the first name for the white cats again?
The first name.
No, I can't.
There's so many that I can't repeat them.
I'm almost certain it was Lilypad.
Lilypad was one of them.
That is not a scary warrior name.
Hey, Griffin, do you have any ideas on warrior names for brown cats?
Let's see what the other people have to say.
Brown cat, Bramble Pelt, Sun Fern, Sand Dust, Sandy Pelt,
Sandy Mist, Sand Pelt, Tabby Claw, Sand Claw,
Sandy Claw, Dust Claw, Sparrow Flight, Autumn Flight,
Trout Leap, Morning Dew, Mouth Fang.
Trout Leap?
Rose Whisker.
Like, what the fuck?
What is a warrior cat?
This is why I am scared for humanity.
Every answer to that question should have been,
what the fuck are you talking about?
Aurora Song.
Like, what are we doing?
This is this horrifying truth that we've unearthed with this show,
is that there are whole other worlds.
Yeah.
Yeah, there are whole other things that don't connect to us.
Like, we don't have any vines into them,
reaching into them to give us some connection.
It's a completely different planet that's just spinning wildly of its own accord.
We have some wild misconceptions about the furry community
that I feel like we now understand and totally accept into our hearts and collective minds.
But what?
Bramble Song.
What?
I mean-
Bramble Pelt.
Snowy Pelt.
Bramble Pelt.
What are we doing here?
Child Jump.
I'm not angry.
I'm a little angry.
I'm scared.
I just want to know what's going on.
Like, are people dressing up their cats in, like, tinfoil armor and, like,
just, like, taking them outside and just yelling,
Hidden Mist!
Star Chaser!
Like-
Go!
Here's what I want.
I want to see this guy actually picks five warrior cat names
and tries to get them to all follow him in the battle.
Star Chaser.
Go!
Go!
What?
Bram- Bram- Bramble Sky, you're just licking your butt.
This is not a warrior, like, attitude, thorn prick.
Oh, God.
Apparently you're having babies every year,
so maybe with two wives you could alternate it
and they could at least have a year off.
Yeah, I know you're worried about your wife being worn out,
and at this rate she will be.
So I would say get a second wife to maybe carry one of the twins.
Is that-
Is that possible?
A brood wife.
Yes.
Get yourself a brood wife.
And then, like, one can be your society wife,
and then one can be your, you know, your gestating hive queen.
Hive-
This is-
This is, uh, this is my second wife, Crystal.
Cris-
Chrysalis.
Chrysalis.
Her name is Crystal.
It's not Chrysalis.
I don't know why I thought that.
And her name is also not DX173pon, so I don't believe people saying that either.
And I certainly have-
I have never considered harvesting her jellies.
For Valentine's Day, I got you a second wife in a tank of plasma,
and we're just gonna use her to harvest organs and babies from.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
What did you get me?
Oh, a Stone Temple pilot CD.
Thank you.
This one is, uh, this one's by yahoo answers user dragon101, who asks,
I'm a dragon.
Okay.
But I don't know how to summon my special skills.
I can do some things unordinary.
Anyone have ideas?
This is kind of new, uh, and also confusing for my age, that is.
I can tell you right now that I'm under 21.
Anyone have ideas on what I could do because I'm a dragon?
Please?
Well, this is the age old question of, is it a mental thing?
Is there a muscle that you flex?
Is there an incantation?
It's age old questions, you know?
And really, it's different strokes for different folks.
Like for me, uh, for me, it's all muscular.
Yeah.
I've had to tone, um, I've had to develop.
You've had to kegel?
I've had to kegel my dragon muscles, um, to the, to the point where I can, um, you know,
execute my, my unordinary abilities.
But the thing is 21.
That's a, that's kind of a, you're a little late to the game.
You are.
You're getting a late start to learning your, your dragon as in the old tongue, uh,
Your draconic,
Your draconic abilities.
Cause I mean, that's a, that's a weird age.
Dragon puberty.
Like, um, I had mine in middle school.
I was kind of an early bloomer.
You know, some things just hit me in the third age, but it was a long time ago.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm, I just become, I just became so terrified because I just realized that dragons have
learned to use the internet and we've lost our one vantage.
The one thing we had that they didn't.
I don't know how to break this to you, but one out of every four people you talk to or
meet on the internet is a dragon.
Holy shit.
Holy shit.
Is that a velociraptor noise?
Travis.
Oh shit.
Travis is one of them.
I didn't know this was a dragon cast.
If dragons aren't using the internet, then explain TMZ.
You can't, it can't be done.
Fuck dragons.
Made by, made by, gossip by dragons for dragons.
Perez Hilton, half dragon.
What does a dragon keyboard look like?
Do you think it has runes?
I think it has runes.
I think it's very runic.
I think it's made out of like loot.
It's made out of what?
It's got a loot, like dragon loot.
Dragons have hoards, right?
Just full of like jewels and gold.
Travis, a loot.
Oh, L-O-O-T, not L-U-T-E.
You think you made it met several little stringed instruments?
Like that's what his keyboard was made out of?
I couldn't, I couldn't.
Like Sting?
Like Sting plays?
Yes.
Sting's a dragon?
This one was sent in by Matt Warren.
Thank you, Matt Warren.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Megan who asked,
I need help naming my chinchilla breeding business.
Hello, I am looking into breeding chinchillas,
but I need a name for my company.
I want it to be something elegant and pretty,
and the last word needs to be chinchillas or exotics.
I don't want anything that says Megan's or Ontario's, etc.
I also don't want silly names like Jenny Chin Chin's.
That's the best.
That's the best one, though.
It needs to sound sophisticated.
For example, some names I like are Blue Moon Chinchillas,
Blue Moon Exotics, Autumn Breeze Chinchillas,
Autumn Breeze Exotics, White Rose Chinchillas,
White Rose Exotics.
If you need any other information, just ask.
Also, if you want to add in some possible chinchilla names,
I wouldn't mind.
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
Bramble Pelt.
Thanks for everything, Megan.
Storm Scream.
Night Shadow.
Can I suggest Fluffy Rats Exotics?
Because that says what they are without it coming right out
and saying chinchillas.
Chinchillas have been on the nose.
Can I suggest Chin Deep?
Chin Deep.
Now, it does have to end with chinchillas or exotics.
Those are the rules.
Chin Deep Exotics?
Oh, that's not good.
That's not a good...
That doesn't work for me at a few levels.
That sounds like a website that opens up when you're on
another website you shouldn't be on accidentally.
Ready to go chin deep?
How did you get chin deep?
Why is it that when someone started dumping exotics,
when it got waist deep, you weren't like,
ow, it didn't happen all at once?
I am chin deep in exotics right now.
That pit of exotics doesn't look so deep.
I'm going to jump in and just see how it goes.
I'm chin deep.
What about speed rats?
Speed rats.
Because that's what chinchillas are.
They're like rats, but they dart back and forth very quickly.
Erotic exotics.
Okay, now we're on to something.
Yeah, that's good.
It's got like a little flow to it.
What about Mussolini's chinchillas?
I mean, you want something classy.
Something classy.
How about Sacco chinchillas?
Sacco chinchillas.
And then your best thing is like you already have a gimmick.
So like people come in, you're like,
how about a Sacco chinchillas?
And like they can pay extra for the grab bag
and who knows what's in the grab bag.
Spoiler alert, dead chinchillas.
There's a good one.
People come in like, hey, what the fuck, man?
And you're like, no, no, no, they're very much alive.
Would you like one?
It's pronounced the odd.
How about tiny shitty cats?
Chinchillas, exotics.
There's gotta be something.
I think we've got a curiosity.
Are there any answers on that question?
Yeah, there's gotta be some, right?
I mean, they're all, but they're all very,
how about clueless money grubbers are us?
That's a little mean.
Excuse me?
Breeding any animals, not a business or a company.
They're not definitely a profit.
I'm ruining things.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Ragged Telecaster says, I don't know about names,
but I'll breed with your chinchillas if you like.
Oh no.
Dude, what?
What did you say to me?
You'll breed.
Here, do it on site and call it the worst thing
you've ever seen chinchillas.
The Island of Dr.
Moreau chinchillas.
A nightmare circus sideshow.
Everything you've ever feared in your life, chinchillas.
How about just chinchilla?
Maybe want to die.
How about loose and easy chinchillas?
Madam chinchillas.
Yahoo answers user Emerald a responded.
I like autumn breeze exotics,
but I am thinking chinny chinny chill la la chinchilla cool cats.
Or chinchilla cc's for short.
Chinchilla cc's what?
It is good to start out the name with C
because one of the first listed in directories.
And how about chinny chilled out cats?
Lol.
What the fuck are you saying?
Chinny chilled out cats?
How about fun dip baseball disco dance?
Like how about we just make a bunch of words
that have nothing to do with the thing that she asked about?
So he says you should pick something with a C
because it's one of the first letters.
Like you know the first one right dog?
Yeah, maybe a few pages in the directory
that precede chinny chilled out cats.
You dumb fuck.
To be fair, everyone knows everyone just skips right over A and B
because those are for pussies.
You got to go right into the C.
That's where the meat of the matter is.
Absolutely amazing chinny chin chin chilla cats.
Aardvarks chin chinchillas.
This is what you call your business.
Aardvarks and chinchillas and not aardvarks.
Aardvarks, chinchillas, and just kidding about the aardvark exotics.
Just do a rebus with a picture of an aardvark plus chinchilla minus aardvark.
Because everybody knows that in the film book rebuses come first.
Go on in and watch a grown man fuck a chinchilla.
The rebus for that is going to be a nightmare.
Here at aardvarks, chinchillas, and not aardvarks.
I came here to fuck aardvarks and chinchillas and we're fresh out of aardvarks.
Would your parents explain sex if you put it in your Christmas wish list?
Um, well, there's there's additional details,
but I feel like we need to address the first question first.
Would your parents explain sex if you put it in your Christmas wish list?
It sounds like he's asking his parents never explained sex.
I mean, that seems like a pretty important present.
If they skipped out on that, that I don't know about you guys.
I received a series of lectures.
Yeah, I think it's funny that he has to outsmart his parents about it.
Like, oh, you got me.
All right.
I guess you got to have the talk now.
You did put it on your list.
Good call.
Uh, does, is this question asker wanting this information?
Like, are they in need of this?
Like, they know how to ask Yahoo to ask their parents?
Let me, let me bust out the additional details.
Okay.
I'm 20 and still awful at it.
Oh no.
Now that, now we just broke through the crust into the creepy, creepy mantle of this question.
Wow, uh, so you are wanting sex tips.
Oh no.
You want to, you want, you want to go to your mom and dad and say, hey, mom and dad, teach me how to dougie.
Like, is that what you're saying?
I mean, he is saying something like that.
I'm still terrible at it.
I need mom and dad to teach.
Hey, daddy.
Um, daddy, my daddy, I love you.
Happy Christmas.
Happy Christmas.
Papa.
Um, do you enjoy your bowling ball?
Good.
Uh, I'm trying to rearrange some guts and I could,
I could use some pro tips, daddy.
Yeah.
Uh, happy birthday, uh, Jesus.
And I know it's Jesus' birthday.
Nothing's as a family get together, like sex tips.
And everything, but I'm getting laughed at over here.
Um, I'm getting some, I'm getting some coital giggles that I could really do without.
So if you have like a strategy guide that I could crack the spine of.
Hey, daddy, after Rudolph, could you jot me down some charts and maybe some diagrams?
Just jot me out, like a Venn diagram of what to do and where to do it.
Yeah.
How to do it.
How you do.
It's by Yahoo Answers user PoeticBBQ.
All right.
Uh, who asks?
Valentine's Day gift for my cougar?
I'm seeing an older woman, me 30, her 43,
and want to send her an awesome gift for Valentine's Day because I'm gone working on the road.
We've been seeing each other for a couple months and the coitus is pretty amazing.
Oh, good.
And want to get her something that is classy, but not overbearing.
Any ideas?
Hey, Greg's mom, that coitus was really outstanding.
I don't want to put this in the creepiest way imaginable,
but that coitus felt really good on my genitals.
What are you saying? That's so gross.
I know the perfect gift.
Stop calling it coitus.
Can we?
Is it possible that he's referring to an older female literal cougar?
It could be.
There's some raw meat.
I mean, why do you get a jungle cat?
Maybe you should just make a commitment to take care of the horrible bispecies baby you created with all your coitus.
During your coitus.
Listen, Deborah Cat, when you have our terrible, terrible cougar man, I will take care of him.
I will raise him as my own.
I will raise him in public schools because he will consume the other children.
This is like the fifth episode in a row where we've had to talk about half-human, half-animal hybrids.
This is a very, very bestial podcast, and I'm not comfortable with it.
Goose Man, that's what happened 20 episodes ago.
Oh, man, what if Goose Man and Cougar Man got together?
I'd watch that show.
William H. Macy.
As everyone in the show.
Everyone in Cougar Man and Goose Man.
I will watch it.
Oh, John Lithgow.
What a great coup for Penguin Man.
My name is Mike, and my wife's name is Darlene.
She's made of Snuggies.
Her parents are also Mike and Darlene, and her brother's name, Mike.
Wait for it. She wants to name our kids Mike and Darlene, but I think it's a bad idea.
Am I overreacting?
He didn't sign it, but I'm gonna guess it's Mike.
That's a wicked bad idea.
His full name is Mike Mike Darlene.
I'm Darlene Micerson.
The third.
This is my brother, Mike.
His sister, Darlene.
My dog, Mark Darlene.
It's hard, family reunions.
Somebody says Mike and the whole house just burns down.
What? Who? What?
What if every Mike you've ever known is up in the mix, up in this family?
What if this is some sort of, I don't know, some sort of legacy?
Or a cult.
Griffin, listen.
I know this is weird to say at this time.
It's the holidays and everything, but I have to tell you something.
Okay.
I saw Mike making out with Darlene.
No.
No.
That's either incest or adultery.
No, I saw Mike making out with Darlene.
Don't do that.
Don't do that.
What are you overreacting?
You are underreacting if you're taking the time to write to us instead of filing divorce proceedings.
What?
What is your name?
There's no way that that conversation doesn't go like this.
Fuck it. Let's just call him Mike and Darlene.
Like, there's no way it was like a coincidence that you came up with those names.
It's so much deeper than this because you're assuming that everybody in this situation had a choice of what the next generation of people's names are going to be, right?
So Mike and Darlene are either the parents of Mike or Darlene,
but whoever that child was had to go out in the world and find another person named Mike and Darlene that they can marry.
Like, they're getting a fucking name monopoly.
Yeah.
Do you want to see what I'm saying?
Yeah, I've played it.
No, listen, guys.
This is bad, Mike.
If we can call you Mike.
Why don't you suggest naming the boy Darlene and the girl Mike?
I'd love it.
Tell her that's the only condition under which you'll accept it.
Mike is M-Y-K-E.
E.
And Darlene, you spell M-I-K-E.
It's pronounced Darlene.
It's pronounced Darlene.
There's a silent Mike and an invisible Darlene in there.
You know, silent Mike and invisible Darlene are my favorite new rap duo of 2010.
Did you hear their new album? It was an EP. It was a very limited release, but it was really good.
You could only buy it if your name was Mike or Darlene.
Don't prepare food in the bathtub.
It's like you guys have never given a public service announcement before.
It's like playing poker with my sister's kids.
Do you want me to do one?
Let me do one.
A hundred people every year get sucked down the drain.
They fucking look sharp.
See? That's all you needed.
They can play that. They can syndicate that on the radio.
Do you want to try again?
Yeah, let me try.
So this would be like free publicity for us, right?
Yeah, totally.
In fact, if you even want to say like our names or like the name of the show.
All right. I want to try one.
I don't have a good one.
God damn it, Justin.
I'm sorry. I thought I had it.
This is so difficult.
Six people just died in the bath because of you.
Yeah, they fell asleep because of how boring and awful you are.
All right, here we go.
If your fingers are pruney, that means it's the sin coming out.
Ask Jesus. I love you.
My brother, my brother.
What?
That's brilliant.
You've just saved some lives.
That's good because it's got a religious message.
But also my people that earthly love is real and it's mine.
How about this?
How about this?
The temperature of your water shouldn't exceed 115 degrees or else it'll flake the flesh off of your bones.
And your baby's bones.
My brother, my brother and me.
Hey, hey, hey.
Don't jerk off in the bathtub.
That's awful.
My brother, my brother and me.
That washes down the drain and goes and mixes with everybody's water.
And then you get somebody pregnant and have to pay child support.
My brother, my brother and me.
The water you're in right now is like 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0 percent cum.
Have a good bath.
You'll never be clean again.
My brother, my brother and me.
Good.
Travis, all of this has got, all of this like great comedy that feels as fresh as the day it was created has gotten me pretty hungry.
Well, I guess you could just like go to a vending machine and eat some shit and then make yourself feel like shit and look like shit and just be shit.
I don't want to be shit, Travis, help me.
Of course you don't want to be shit, Justin.
You want to go to naturebox.com and sign up for their free delivery service of delicious snacks.
Sounds pretty good.
I could get into that.
Some BBQ kettle kernels, maybe some everything bagel sticks, South Pacific plantain chips.
Sounds good to me.
I mean, it's really an amazing deal.
Teresa and I are members and our last box, like we got it and we're still eating it.
It's so filling and so good that it really like last till the next box comes.
We got stuff left over and our next box comes like tomorrow.
So it's an amazing deal with really like good for you.
You know, they got snacks if you're gluten conscious.
They got stuff if you're looking for non GMO stuff, nothing artificial.
It's it's really amazing.
And it gets even more amazing because if you sign up now.
I will use and use the promo code and go to naturebox.com forward slash my brother.
You get 50 percent off your first order.
That's absolutely insane.
It's absolutely insane.
And delivery is always free.
That's freaking amazing, Travis.
Thank you so much for telling me about naturebox.com forward slash my brother.
And I'm going to head over there right now.
But while this Web page is loading, I'm getting bored.
I'm bored. I was hungry.
Now I'm bored.
I'm really a fuzzy baby today.
Clip shows made me so fuzzy.
So fussy.
Travis, help me.
Entertain me.
I mean, you could do what we've literally talked about a hundred times in the last couple of months and go to Huluplus.com.
How many of you are not Huluplus members?
What is wrong with you?
Do you do you live in some kind of a spider hole cave type thing?
Don't you want to watch The Prophet?
Don't you want to watch Grim?
Don't you want to watch Saturday Night Live clips?
Don't you want to?
I mean, like it's all on there waiting for you.
Now you're just doing it to be spiteful.
You're just doing it to hurt me.
Huluplus.com is amazing.
They've got Family Guy.
They've got Community, South Park, some Doctor Who, Grim, SNL, The Prophet, like we talk about every time.
It's amazing.
And it'll stream to all your devices.
It's fantastic.
Huluplus.com is the greatest entertainment service ever launched.
There's a new show called Deadbeat about a comedy about a pot smoking guy that talks to ghosts.
That's just there.
You're welcome.
You can just watch it.
Why do you have to hurt me like this?
You're killing me.
Okay, you don't want to pay for it.
Oh, that's fine.
This is still America.
We do still have to pay for things, except we can get you a month for $8 normally.
That's normal.
$8 a month.
But we're going to get you two weeks free.
Yeah, no problem.
No big deal.
Go to Huluplus.com slash my brother and you'll get two weeks full access to Huluplus and it's completely free.
Are you joking?
This is what I picture.
People are going to do that.
Do the two week thing.
I'm going to hop on for two weeks.
I'm going to watch all of it in two weeks and then I'm going to dip out.
But here's what you're going to find, people.
You can't.
There's way too much and you have to sleep or you'll die.
And so you're going to watch it and go, well, I can't.
I can't stop now.
I just have to stay on Huluplus forever because it's such an amazing deal and all the shows are here.
Go, people.
Go now.
I feel like this has been the most sales pitchy we've ever been.
It's wonderful.
I love it so much.
Griffin normally like evens this out.
I want to tell you guys real quick before we let you get back to the clips about Making Things Beautiful slash Making Beautiful Things.
It's an interactive book.
Just the website is beautiful.
It's makingthingsbeautiful.net.
And it's an interactive book about the difficulties with the human drive to create and the delight of that human drive.
It covers ideas like perfectionism, inspiration and like resonance.
And they talk about all kinds of like really wonderful how we create, why we create.
And not only that, it's interactive.
There's illustrations.
There's work by other creative people and concepts from artists, philosophers and authors.
It's really an amazing, amazing idea.
Yeah, it's awesome just to look at the web page about the thing and to imagine how good the thing is.
You should get it right now.
That's at makingthingsbeautiful.net.
And you can also follow Scott Garner, spelled just the way it sounds, to hear what else Scott's making.
And that's available.
The book itself is available on Apple iBooks, on your Mac or iPad.
And you can even download a free chapter or buy it for half price through the end of May.
That sounds like a deal.
It is a deal.
We're full of deals today.
Yeah, we're just tossing out bargains like it's a parade of bargains.
That's all of our sponsors for this week.
Thank you so much to all of them for supporting us.
And now we're going to get back to the jokes, the old jokes.
The yucks.
The yucks.
Enjoy.
Do you want to eat or snort or somehow imbibe this PCP?
Sorry, guys.
PCP?
Bad for me.
Do you want to help me drink this empty squeeze it bottle of PCP?
That's what they keep them in.
They melt the top of the lighter.
They drink to squeeze it, then they melt the top of the lighter.
That's why it's so popular as a drug is because there's so much impetus to squeeze it.
Who are these people that are constantly having to turn down drugs?
And why can't they just say no?
Is the dealer going to be like, that wasn't creative enough.
Take this.
Try again.
I need to feel it.
I need to feel that you really don't want my drugs that I bought.
If only you had rhymed, I wouldn't be shoving this PCP in your mouth and eyes.
Or possibly ears or nose.
Or ears or nose.
Perhaps butthole.
I don't know how it's distributed.
I don't know about PCP very well.
Angel dust, Griffin.
Angel dust.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, angel dust.
That actually sounds kind of nice.
It's by Yahoo Answers user? who asks, I need to perform a colonoscopy to myself.
I need a colonoscopy performed on me but unfortunately in these economic times I cannot afford a doctor.
I'm pretty sure I can do it myself.
But what should I get to perform?
The only store near me is a Home Depot so the tools need to be from there.
What items should I get?
I have a very low budget so don't pick anything too expensive.
You're kind of tying our hands.
I want a homemade colonoscopy but I got maybe like eight bucks that I can drop on this.
I found it in a wallet at Camden Park.
I found it in a wallet at Camden Park and now I'm going to spend on a butt camera.
Can you help?
Now, I can't imagine the kind of yoga one has to go into to operate a self butt camera.
The tech required is outrageous.
I would say the smallest camera that I own is my iPhone 4 and even that is going to be, if you'll forgive the term, a stretch.
The thing that bothers me is not just that he doesn't just want to do a home one, he wants to do a home one on the cheap.
You can't say, you're already cutting the biggest corner, there are no other corners to cut.
It's like oblong now.
You can no longer cut corners, you're out of them.
I'm all about pioneer spirit.
I'm all about DIY.
I'm all about looking up shit on the internet and then doing that shit without getting help from other people.
But this is a bridge too far, dawg.
Yeah, it is.
I love value.
Everybody who knows me, they say, Justin Bargenhauer, that's what everybody calls me.
This is too much, you've gone too far.
Nine months ago before we started doing this show, I would have thought this was a joke.
But reading the answers, it's a real concern.
Yeah, it's a real concern.
Take a flexible hollow half inch diameter flex hose about two or three feet long.
Stop it.
Take a webcam housing off around the lens and circuit board.
Run a cable attached to webcam lens and circuit board through the hose.
Insert circuit board into flex hose and mount camera lens even with the tip of a hose.
Grind a flashlight lens down into the diameter of the hose.
No!
Plug your computer in and turn the webcam on.
Ram the device up your ass.
Step six, kill cell.
Can I make a humble suggestion of maybe sell your fucking computer and get a colonoscopy?
Like as long as we're leaking outside the box.
Can we start a fundraising drive to get this dude to a colonoscopist?
Why is that the plan?
How about what are some ways I can get some more money?
I guarantee if you went to any doctor and said, I'm thinking about giving myself a self colonoscopy unless you do it for free.
The doctor will do it for free.
I'm going to hurt myself in my butt really bad if you do not come and give me a hand here.
I'm going to give it to you straight, doc.
You can either A, give me a free colonoscopy or B, dig a homemade colonoscopy camera out of my butt hole in two hours.
You decide.
This is how we're going to get health care pushed through Congress.
Everybody calls their local representative and says, hey, I'm about to irreversibly damage my rectal wall if you do not get this shit approved.
Hey, Obama.
Hey, Obama.
I'm going to hurt myself.
This one's on you, bro.
Yes, we can stick a webcam up our assholes.
Good news, I appear to be cancer free.
Bad news, I'm never not defecating.
Anytime you see me, basically.
I broke whatever flange or cap is supposed to be there.
I would like to believe enough in humanity that it's not that every woman is instantly attracted to a guy because he is married.
But I think it's more that you become more comfortable.
You're not trying to impress anyone.
I mean, you've already got, you know, your significant other, so you're not working at it.
Which instantly makes you more attractive.
So true.
That's 100 percent brain married.
That's what I call it.
You got to be brain married.
I like that.
I like that a lot.
How do you how deep does that that inception go, though?
Like, I mean, I need obviously a name for my brain wife, right?
I would need a name and like a story of how we met, how I met your brain mother.
I'm saying I can I can invent an entire scenario around a person and then not let anybody know about it except for me.
I can do that.
Like, I've played Dungeons and Dragons.
I'm totally capable of suspending entire, you know, worlds in my mind's eye.
It's ironic.
Those two skills dovetail so nicely.
Because I know that when I'm trying to stop impressing women, the first thing I do is talk about Dungeons and Dragons.
Hi.
And that and you know what, a lot of people try to keep this their brain wife secret.
I say open with it.
I say, hi, my name is Griffin.
I have an imaginary wife and a great skill at playing Dungeons and Dragons.
Would you like to dance with me?
And you know something?
My favorite December's album is The Brain Wife.
So I just wanted to I thought I'd kill that conversation.
What is the best way to greet a girl when you first meet her? Is shaking hands awkward?
Is it appropriate to give a sideways hug?
Context.
Perhaps like on a first date or a blind date.
Recently, my grandmother hooked me up with a date with this girl she met during a Zumba class.
What is that?
Zumba, you know, Zumba.
Zumba, Zumba.
Go on.
Yeah, it's like it's like Brazilian yoga or something.
What's your grandmother doing there?
I don't know.
I talked to the girl on Facebook and she was very much interested in meeting up with me to go on a date.
How do I greet her in such a way as to give a good lasting impression that will set the tone for the rest of the day?
God, that's tough.
If you shake hands, you're setting a weird tone.
Yeah, don't shake hands.
And definitely don't side hug.
You're damned.
Here's what you can.
All right.
I'm going to list off all the things you absolutely cannot do.
Okay, hit me.
Don't do nothing.
Don't shake her hand.
That's a bad tone.
Don't hug her.
Don't kiss her.
Don't.
No high fives.
No high fives.
No physical contact whatsoever.
So don't not touch her, but don't touch her.
Whatever you do.
Yeah.
Don't do nothing.
Chest bump.
What about a chest bump?
That's touch.
Don't do that.
There's some sensitive stuff up on the top.
What about just the first time you meet her?
Just slow dance with her.
Oh, that's good.
You know what you should do?
Zumba her.
Just Zumba all over.
You know, if you do go in for a chest bump, that's a pretty clear message about what kind
of night the girl's going to have.
Yeah.
She's like, this is going to be terrible for both of us.
Give it.
Essentially, if you stand across the way, just slap your chest and go, hey, bra, chest
bump.
Here it comes.
Chest bump.
Bra, chest bump.
I'm going to burst those.
You're going to have a bad night.
I'm not paying.
I didn't bring any money.
I stole your wallet when I chest bumped you.
You're paying, I guess, by extension.
So don't do any of those things.
Don't do anything, but don't do nothing.
Why don't we bring back kissing her hand?
Oh, God.
No.
Drop to one day, kiss her hand.
Yeah.
Make sure you're wearing a fedora and make sure you're within eyesight of me so I can
come kick the shit out of you.
Yeah.
Dullard.
What about pinky swear?
How do pinky swear that we're going to be in love?
Hey, maybe this is the kind of thing that you should decide with her ahead of time on
Facebook.
When I see you, what is the proper-
How should I touch you?
You know, you're wondering-
Tell me how to touch you.
God damn it.
I want to touch you right when we first meet.
You know you're wondering about the right moment to say I love you.
You found it.
That's right.
This is it right here.
She won't think about what you're doing with your hands.
I think you want to touch me too.
Yeah.
I think you would like to touch me.
I think I would like to touch you.
We don't know each other well.
I want to make sure when I touch you- No, listen.
I can't stress this enough.
You really have to type this whole paragraph before you send it because if you send this
piecemeal, there's a good chance you're going to lose her mid-stream.
She's going to see the whole thought, see it through to the end because if you just
open with I want to touch you, you can't get her to slow down.
Just send her an email that says could you wear clothing with brightly marked areas where
it's okay for me to touch you.
Just a circle here.
Can you wear a hyper-colored t-shirt when you touch me?
Oh, fuck.
Shit.
You should probably just not go on the date.
You should probably just stay home and just- I just can't eat it for you.
Not in the bathtub.
This is by Yahoo Answers user Dearest Love who asks, friend might be a robot, help?
Okay.
So my best friend of 15 years might be a robot.
She beeps and boops and has a crazy phobia of water.
And sometimes she spazzes out like a machine overheating.
Should I confront her and be like, I think you might be a robot or leave it alone.
Help.
Now listen, straight up, everyone's immediate reaction is going to be to mock this person?
No, no, no.
Yeah.
What the fuck?
What if?
It's an epidemic.
Yeah.
This is what I'm saying.
If we don't listen to these people, we are losing our first line of defense.
This is how they get us.
Yeah.
When you, when someone someday has a friend who is secretly a robot, when they come and
they will, there's going to be at least one, it has to start somewhere.
That's what I'm saying.
Right?
Like there has to be a first.
And everyone thinks it's going to be Will Smith who's going to be that person who flips
it.
Yeah.
But I think it's going to be people like you and me and Dearest Love.
Yeah.
But here's, here's, let's, let's get the conversation started.
Here's a response by Yahoo Answers user James who says, splash her with water and be like,
oh sorry, I thought you were a robot.
If she dies, she was a robot.
Okay.
Fundamental problem right here.
People aren't using their fucking noodle.
If she's a witch, she'll die too.
You don't.
Yeah.
Think about that.
What's up?
Mind freak.
I think that that preferred response here is to close her off in a room with no access
to electricity or food or water for two weeks or three weeks.
Yep.
And then if she is able to, if she like dies without electricity, robot or food or water,
she's a robot.
Yeah.
That's science.
Um, you could ask her to divide by zero to see what that does to her noodle.
Oh shit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's a puzzle too, right?
Yeah.
Like could God make a rock so big that he couldn't move it?
Like.
Yeah.
Yeah.
If it's a religious robot, I guess.
Yeah.
A religi-bot.
I'm Bibley, the Bible-bot.
I know all the verses.
What if, what if you were to say, hey, pi, what was pi again?
That number.
And then like try to remember it.
And if she goes any more than like four or five digits, I'm going to go ahead and call
robot.
Well, she might have that rain man thing.
Oh fuck.
Is rain man a robot?
Yes.
Ah, that would be so much better now.
Ask her to watch AI and if she enjoys it, she's a robot.
Rain man is basically Minority Report now.
It's like Minority Report prequel, if you think about it.
Holy shit.
You are in Good Will Hunting.
You are living in Good Will Hunting.
It's like Baltimore Good Will Hunting.
It's like the wire beats Good Will Hunting.
I haven't seen, I haven't seen Good Will Hunting.
What's it about?
It's about two friends taking Hollywood by storm, enlisting the help of a wizard named-
Patch Adams.
A wizard of comedy named Patch Adams and going on to Oscar gold.
That's the movie.
It sounds like a fucking tight movie.
It is fucking badass.
It is pretty good.
Is that on Netflix?
Yeah, it's on Netflix.
And what they do, they hunt Patch Adams throughout the course of the movie.
It's pretty badass actually.
They do.
This movie sounds incredible.
Every time they catch him, he gives them some Hollywood wisdom like oh, like that and they're
like oh, exactly.
Please tell me that was your Robin Williams.
My Robin Williams-
Cut me off another slice of that, please.
My Robin Williams is basically my dead knight.
It's just FYI.
I was like oh, daddy, a little fancy daddy.
That's my dead knight.
And here's my Robin Williams.
Oh, oh, oh, Mr. Hammer, yeah.
That's not bad.
It's kind of like Artie meets dead knight.
Now, can you do Robin Williams doing one of Robin Williams' trademark voices?
Can you give me one of those?
Yeah.
Daddy, I'm going to rescue daddy.
Who's Danny?
Right back into dead knight from Daddy Shaq.
Okay.
It kind of vacillates.
Man.
Sorry.
So this is what Google hunting is about.
Okay.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Taco B. Who asks?
Ladies, X-mas gift?
Ladies, if you sexual partner asked for you to walk on him with your high heels for Christmas
and that's the only gift he wants this year, would you do that for him?
Step on his privates for him with your sexiest heels if he proved it does not harm him at
all?
I like that he clears up it's the only thing he wants for Christmas.
Well, I should hope so.
You can't be like, I'd like you to crush my genitals with your sexiest heels and also
a Kindle.
I mean, this seems like kind of a shitty present.
Yeah, it is.
By anyone's standards.
Even if you're into this kind of thing.
Even if you were the biggest ball crush fan on the planet, this seems like-
And I am.
Yeah.
Not a lot of thought went into this.
Yeah.
It's like Griffin really loves mixing bowls.
Let's get him a mixing bowl for Christmas.
That's far too obvious.
That's way too obvious.
You didn't think of- no heart, no love went into that decision.
You know what I'm saying?
Like you've got to flip it on him.
Make him think that you're going to step on his balls for Christmas and then maybe like
step on his butthole.
Like it's a new thing that he doesn't know about.
But maybe he'll be just as big a fan.
Discovery.
That's the real gift here.
What she needs to do is Christmas Eve sneak into the room wearing a Santa suit and her
sexiest heels and he's like asleep, right?
He's conked out, visions of sugar plums dancing in his head and then she just crushes his
balls.
And his sugar plums.
And his sugar plums.
He just crushes his sugar plums.
Do you think that he would have time to get aroused or do you think your fight or flight
would kick in?
Oh man, I would be out of- there would be a Griffin shaped cloud in the bed.
What's a bris?
I think it's a party that Jewish people throw when the circumcision happens.
Oh so it's a party for getting your wiener cut off.
Which is actually, ironically, the exact opposite of a divorce party.
Yeah.
Or the same, am I right?
Women.
That's what I was going for but- I didn't- I didn't get it.
Because she's leaving you so it's like you're going to put it back on, you know?
Like you're getting the hood of your penis put back on?
You know, like on King and Queens.
Can they do that?
Did you ever see that one on King and Queens?
Wait, excuse me.
Are you saying that there was an episode of King and Queen in which Kevin James had his
wiener chopped off and then sewn back on?
Had his circumcision-
Well it was an arc, I mean it wasn't all of an episode.
How many episodes was that arc?
I mean was that sweets?
It was like a two-ep arc.
It was like a season ender to be continued.
So it was like a cliffhanger.
Don't you guys remember that ad campaign between the third and fourth season when there was
a bunch of billboards with Kevin James with just his penis stump exposed?
And saying, what will happen?
And then like, I don't know, George Costanza's dad was looking disapprovingly like, ah, not
again.
And then Leah Remini was like, get it back.
So who in this situation cut off his wiener?
Was it a mystery?
Yeah, it was like-
That was what provided the suspense at the button of the end of the first half of the
arc.
Turned out it was Maggie Simpson.
Guys, this is the weirdest fucking episode we've ever done.
Yeah, that's saying something.
Have you guys ever heard of cutting a hole in the bottom of a popcorn bucket?
Yeah.
You could do that with a bowling ball.
It's going to take some flexibility, and it's going to take some dedication, and it's going
to take some butter, but you are going to do it.
You're going to pull it off.
It will not, cannot feel good though.
It will not be pleasurable, it will be raw, and no, not like you're thinking.
Dig it, dig it deep in there, like stick your prick right in the back of the bowling ball,
like on the opposite side of the three holes so that when she tucks her three fingers in
there-
What's up?
There's a chance she may graze.
She puts her two fingers and thumb in there, gives you a Minnesota pincher, and you are
off to the races.
Oh, man.
But it is so important that she realizes what you've done before she bowls.
So important.
You have got to figure, getting into the situation, if you thought that was hard, try getting
out of it.
It is.
Wow.
Baby, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
My dick's in the wall?
Yes, Travis.
That's what we were talking about.
I think.
You know what I love?
What?
You don't kill a horse.
You destroy it.
The term for putting a horse down, which is like the saddest thing ever, I'm not making
light of that, except I totally am.
You destroy, though.
You throw the horse into the fires of Mountain Doom.
That's basically what we're saying.
I guess it sounds inhumane to be like, oh, my horse can't walk, so I totally emptied
a clip in his dome.
Murdered it.
I popped a bullet in his bubble goose.
You don't do that.
That's not enough.
That's not what he deserves.
He deserves to be destroyed.
He could come back.
Oh, I obliterated that fucking pony.
Hey, Justin.
Yeah, Robbie?
Me and Robbie went to Peckers last night.
Just got destroyed.
Why are we riding towards Mordor, Justin?
Justin, are you going to pitch me into the fires of Mountain Doom?
God, this is awkward.
I do need to destroy you.
The more you say it, the more ridiculous it sounds like you're talking about your robot
best friend who turned evil.
I must destroy him.
The horse shall be no more.
There's a button underneath their saddle.
If you push it, it sends horse meat everywhere.
He has the self-destruct button.
I love you, Secretariat, but I'm going to fucking gib you.
You're done.
I'm going to hit you with a rocket launcher, Robbie.
I'm sorry.
I don't know.
Horses.
What big fucking stupid animals?
What other animal is like, I broke my leg, now I have to be destroyed?
It's exciting news, if this is the first place you're hearing about it.
It is still pretty exciting, even if you already know.
My brother, my brother, me, has joined with the Maximum Fun network.
Voltron-like.
We are the left foot of the Maximum Fun robot.
Right.
Could we also be like Megazord?
Does it have to be Voltron, or can we go into Mighty Morphin Power?
I'm more comfortable with Mighty Morphin Power.
Ideally, we would be like Dragonzord, and we could be like our whole other mech, but
I don't think it would reach that level.
I'm not going down this road with you guys.
No, no, I'm just saying we pull out our magic Green Ranger flute, and we summon the Dragonzord.
I can't do it.
We don't have to make a big deal out of it.
I can't do this with you.
I can't do it.
Oh, you're thinking more of like a white saber-toothed tiger, like Tommy the Red Ranger when he came
back.
One more word, I'll quit.
I swear to Jesus, I'll quit.
No, this is an advice show for the modern era.
And a Power Rangers fan cast.
And a Power Rangers fan cast.
We used to do VR Troopers too, but that one ran dry.
If we get into Beatleborgs, I quit.
We had a brief Big Bad Beetleborgs face, but we grew out of that pretty quickly.
Yeah, now it's pretty much just advice and Power Rangers and tattooed teenage alien fighters
from Beverly Hills.
Same for our pizza cats.
Chick-a-chams.
Put another log on there.
It's a toasty show.
It's funny to me that you should mention, you know, depending on your location, because
just this year I realized that just because it's snowing here doesn't mean it's snowing
everywhere in the world.
Interesting, Travis.
Whoa, really?
This is like a rap and beats level confession.
Yeah, it really was like, winter here is not winter everywhere else.
And I had no idea.
I just assumed when it got cold here, the entire world was cold.
And that's apparently not how the world works.
That's like some, Trav, that's like some Middle Ages shit.
Yeah, that's about the goddamn dumbest thing I've ever heard.
Why, this is my brother, my brother, and my pet canary that somehow gained the ability
to talk.
Chick-a-chams.
National Eye Donor Month.
Okay, let's do it.
Right now.
We don't need to go any further.
Yeah, I'm going down the list.
National Eye Donor Month.
Nothing beats eye donors.
Friends, March is National Eye Donor Month.
So, think about it.
Are your kids really worth looking at with both?
My brother, my brother, and me?
Look around, see the flowers blooming and the children smiling.
Well, some people can't, Stingy.
Give up one of them.
My brother, my brother, and me.
That one didn't flow quite as well as you anticipated, did it?
No.
How about this one?
You know that Jessica Alba movie, The Eye, where she gets the eye donation and then she
sees demons and it really fucks her shit up?
That only happens, like, one out of every five eye donations.
So don't worry about it.
My brother, my brother, and me.
It's like taking your contacts out only, like, times a thousand.
My brother, my brother, and me.
There you go.
See you back on the horse.
Eyepatches.
Uh-huh.
What else are you going to do with all those eye patches?
It's like a permanent wink.
My brother, my brother, and me.
Well, the holidays are coming up, and I have a big bin full of worn out underwear that
our family has been accumulating for a while.
I know I need some cushioning material for shipping out holiday gifts.
Is it acceptable to use the underwear for this purpose?
Of course, the present will be inside a wrap box inside the shipping box, so it's not like
it will be inside the gift.
BQ, what's your favorite winter holiday song?
What kind of fucking family are you in?
I think my favorite winter holiday song is, uh, you ruined our Christmas with your stinky,
awful old underwear that you wrapped around the iPod.
Why does your family have a bin of worn out underwear?
Uh, well, additional details.
Our family tries very, very hard to be eco-friendly.
We don't have anything else to use, and the thought of buying extra paper or bubble wrap
to waste makes me cry for the earth.
You know what makes me cry for the earth?
You know what makes me cry for the earth?
Your stinky, awful underwear.
The crap that you're shipping through, you're shipping it through the U.S. Postal Service.
I send my rent check to my landlord through that.
I could open up, you might live in my neighborhood, I might open up your mailbox and get like
a fucking pungent, like a foamy spume of your fucking stinky old underwear that hits me
in the nose and stays with me for the rest of my life.
I'm so, oh, fuck.
It makes me mad that it sounds like you've already made this decision, because you've
been collecting this underwear for a while now.
Yeah, what have you been doing?
Where are you keeping it?
Hey, uh, hey dude, if you have to send it in dirty underwear, it ain't a gift.
It ain't a gift, it's an oppa gift.
God damn it, I don't, like, these green questions are straight bombing me out.
They're really harshing my mellow.
I wouldn't give a fuck if the earth had like six years left in it.
If the earth had four years left in it and people didn't send underwear through the US
Postal Service, like, that's a trade off I'm willing to make.
It can go 2012 up in 2016 as long as, as long as people stop pooping in bags and sending
their dirty ass underwear to their aunt.
All I can think is there has to come a moment where like you go to pull out a pair of underwear
and you're like, oh this is covered in stains and the elastic is shot and your mom's like
put it in the bin.
Put it right in the bin.
Get it in the bin.
No, fucking throw that shit out.
Throw it away.
You're not gonna reuse those textiles.
Don't, don't fucking kid yourself.
Hey check out my new winter coat.
Lots of boxers went into this one.
This one was sent in by CurlyHeadPoet.
Thank you CurlyHeadPoet, it's by Yahoo Answers user Amy who asks, oh man, does anyone know
of any other grandpa names?
Oh no, it can't listen to the parameters, please.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
It cannot be poppy, grandpa, or pop pop.
Gramps sounds like cramps.
Don't go there.
Don't.
Don't even.
Additional, additional details and please no names in other languages.
This is America We Speak English.
Did she say that?
Awesome.
Awesome.
That's awesome.
That's really awesome, Amy.
Cool.
Any P vowel P.
Vowel.
Sound.
Yeah.
You can, you're fine.
Like pee pee.
Well, maybe not that.
No, not that.
No.
Uh.
Papo.
Papo.
That's good.
Popey.
Peepums.
As long as there's two P's.
Go see your peepums.
This is my peepums.
Darrell, go see your peepums.
My peepums.
My peepums always has the hardest, crumbliest chewing gum.
Don't.
Now, Darrell, don't you eat peepum's nasty gum.
You know what happened last time.
Peepum's nasty gum sounds like a product that we should copyright immediately.
Oh, God.
I just purchased a pack of peepum's old-timey nasty gum.
You're still in the juicy fruit?
Oh, that's bitch gum.
I'm in a peepum's nasty gum.
Fuck your fruit stripes.
The thing about peepum's nasty gum is that you have to put the emphasis on a different syllable every time you say it.
Peepum's don't even give a...
Oh, peepum's don't even give him that nasty gum.
It's just a lot of the care for it.
Um...
Peepums.
Wow, Trav, I am spent.
That was just a lot of great humor.
I feel like people don't appreciate how hard it is for us to recreate those bits in their entirety live as we're recording.
Doing Griffin's voice alone is exhausting.
Yeah.
Thank you to HuluPlus.com for support...
Not HuluPlus.com.
Thank you to HuluPlus for supporting our program.
They've got thousands of hit shows anywhere.
Anytime you can stream them and you can get a free trial at HuluPlus.com slash my brother.
That's amazing.
Yeah.
Do you want to say something nice about NatureBox now, Travis?
Yeah.
Hey, do you like snacks?
Yes.
Remember what we talked about like 30 to 40 minutes ago?
About snacks?
About snacks.
Do you remember?
Go to NatureBox.com and check it out.
At least do yourself a favor and go look at all the different options.
I promise you, you won't be able to look away.
So go to NatureBox.com slash my brother to get 50% off your first order.
Trust me, it's worth it.
Go check it out.
So you're going to go to NatureBox.com slash my brother, HuluPlus.com slash my brother, and MakingThingsBeautiful.net.
There's not a slash my brother on there, but I'm sure he'll get a custom domain going eventually.
Go to all those.
And also while you're typing in URLs, why not go to BoatParty.biz?
There is a big-ass cruise with all the coolest people that have ever lived on planet Earth,
and they're sailing the ocean blue with the Atlantic Ocean Comedy Music Festival July 25th through the 28th.
They've got so many great guests.
Moshe Kasher is going to be there.
Carol Kolb, Kyle Kinane, Natasha Legaro, our dear, dear friend John Roderick of The Long Winters,
and many, many, many, many, many others.
So don't miss out on that.
It's at BoatParty.biz.
One last thing, nbnbm.brownpapertickets.com.
That's our show in LA at noon Pacific, 3 p.m. Eastern this Wednesday.
And speaking of John Roderick, I want to thank John Roderick and The Long Winters for the use of the theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
I feel like we do that every week.
And really, it's 100 percent because it's such an amazing album that people need to listen to it.
I won't rest until everyone has listened to it.
So there.
And that's going to do it for us here on My Brother, My Brother and Me.
I hope you enjoyed what?
We have three live shows coming up in New York next week.
It's going to be just a marathon day.
So make sure you send in all the Yahoo answers you can.
If you're going to be at the shows, send in questions specific, like, say, you know, 1 p.m. show, 4 o'clock, whatever they are, so that we can do your questions there live and call you out and embarrass you.
And we will try to hang out after all those shows as much as we can.
We're going to be a little exhausted.
What with the doing three shows.
But we will do our best because we love you and we're there to see you, really, when we get right down to it.
So that's it.
That's  we don't have a final Yahoo.
Travis, make him a final Yahoo out of whole cloth.
All right.
So these Yahoo answers come from Stephen.
Stephen asked, why is my wiener sad?
That's not bad.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother and Me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
