The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how
cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
Howdy!
Oh
Oh
Welcome to my brother my brother mean advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your middle is brother Travis McElroy
And I'm your sweet baby brother 30 under 30 media luminary Griffin McElroy
Hey, can we can we vape in here or what?
I
Heard ten people say no, that's enough. That's a quorum
so
This is our
fourth show in three days
which
the road the road
For real artists that would not seem like a lot of work. No, we've done four. We've done four hours of work
In three days like that. It's not that bad. It's not that bad. I did saw bones though. So I'm actually a four and a half
Now for lesser artists that would mean finally about to get home gonna just phone this one in
But for us it means
I
Okay, one day I hope to be as confident as that person was
To shout get drunk in a very big crowded dark. I was gonna say get weird
Which I hope you've all learned the folly of yelling shit cuz you never know what I'm gonna say next
So don't try to get incorrect where I'm gonna go cuz you better get it, right now had you gotten it, right?
You would have won
$1,000
American American dollars. I'm in our content in an effort to get weird. I have done my Judd Nelson cosplay
Sure
Oh my god, you did just put that on for this show. There's like a new look. Yeah
Cuz I love you. So, uh
We're so happy to be here back in the Wilbur for like ages since we've been back in the world
I know for our fourth performance at the Wilbur in beautiful, Boston, Massachusetts
Um as we were driving in today, uh, well we from the airport, um, I saw
Something happen here in Boston that made me the happiest I've ever been and it was that at the Boston Tea Party
boat exhibit thing museum
Sometimes they call them history museums
There was a
Box that people are encouraged to throw off the boat and then reel back in on a rope
Which I do not think they made them do
Very funny Gregory now pull it back up
You've made your point to the British
But I do what I do want some tea. I am thirsty. Do you think that's a good idea?
After the tea party where they're like, hell yeah, we did it and then right after like man. I would like some tea though
Oh, man, the river smells like nap time, man
All our tea in why did we save some tea you think that what one guy was like listen
I'm into all of this. So
Definitely definitely into it. My mom sent me this camomile tea
In this box here that I've got here. So all this great do it all
Definitely story of tonight totally into it got a sore throat. Yeah, if I could just get a bag
Save me a little bit of the camera scene. So we're gonna be leaving it all
Out on the court tonight and we're very excited about that
I think what we've talked about it is we're gonna go for a little bit and then we're just gonna do a fuck ton of audience questions
Cuz I usually go so super good
It's so we're gonna we're gonna hear them all out tonight. And so should we yeah, I should say
We're gonna get weak
Please remain calm only one of us can be weird at a time
And it's our turn
We've earned this bad show. You're about to see no, it's gonna be good. We're gonna tonight we fix it all we're gonna fix everything
So hold on. There's a lot wrong. There's a lot wrong
We can't get with tonight. We will fix 90% of everything. Yes. I love that. That's good
We can stick with that. But first we're gonna get into some questions that were sent into us
From our audience. What we do is we take your questions and turn them out could be like into wisdom
And we're experts
so
My mom's co-worker recently came to me and she was like, oh my god, you know what?
And we're experts so my mom's co-worker recently came to her asking advice about a situation
She thinks someone has physically snuck into her house Pink Panther style and passworded her Wi-Fi so she can't use it
The perfect crime
She doesn't believe that there's a password that comes with the unit and instead wants to install
Security cameras and get a whole new laptop to catch this apparent
security camera
How would the security cameras connect to the laptop is question number one, right?
Just plug in a VHS recorder. Yeah
How do we convince her that there is no ninja but instead just look at the user manual and that's from Aaron
I mean what you just said sounds like a pretty good start. Yeah, I I wish I wish
Listen, I like myself a lot. Okay
Kicking off with that full stop
I can't imagine being in a scenario where I was like, yeah
I'm having trouble with the the password is somebody said it and somebody said the very reasonable
Oh, it comes pre-programmed and I said no
Must be a burglar situation. Must be a ninja
My Ben Oceans 14. Yeah
Fucking Clooney got in here perfect crime got in here without a trace
Put a Wi-Fi password without a trace except for the sticker that he left at the bottom of the router that tells you what the fucking
Default password is. That's what he wants you to think
That's what he wants you to think if he falls in love with Catherine Zeta Jones because of this password sticker
You should okay you should are you here?
No, okay, cool
They must have been so distraught about this that they couldn't make it
You should not if you're listening to this later. You should not stop this from happening
Yes, because the end result is going to be that this person is going to set up cameras on a laptop and
Then the password will be there again and they will spend the rest of their lives reviewing that film
Right. Yeah trying to spot trying to spot a frame old st. Nick sneaks in
Um, is this wait? No. Okay. Nobody wanted to jog it back and talk about it right there. You see it, right?
That's your cat. No, it looks like my cat. No, that's my password
I've spent seven years reviewing the film
It couldn't be anything other than the cat
Now I want to say don't do this because why are people so eager to remove these wonderful angels from my life?
Yes, although my boss says busting nut and but in the wrong way
Should I correct them and it's like always know because I'm a person alive in the world and I want to know that they exist
I'd like a little magic please. Yeah save some for the rest of us. How about a Yahoo answer? Yes
This one was sent in by Caitlin. Thank you, Caitlin. It's from Yahoo answers user anonymous
I'm telling you like 90% of Yahoo answers users are like I love getting bad advice from stuff
But I don't want my name attached to it
We will call them Ron
Ronald asks can a dolphin tell if you're hungover?
Ronald asks can a dolphin tell if you're hungover?
Okay, wait before before we answer that question I
Have another question, which is how could you tell if the dolphin could tell yeah?
That's why they're asking Yahoo answers and this was easy to discern they would have yeah, no, that's fair
But like if like that dolphin is kind of side-eyeing me. Yeah, I think he knows
Okay, you laugh and I heard thank you for that. It is a comedy show but like also
Maybe
They are the smartest creature
Yeah, it's not only that they have a sort of energy about them or just like if any animal could tell I was hungover
It would be a doll. How cool is your life? By the way, where you have a dolphin meeting opportunity and you do not step
completely correct to it
like if I
Then I'm gonna be the dolphin. I'm gonna be my best me. Yeah, I'm gonna spend five days just practicing my petting motion
Yes, I'm gonna have an updated of resume with me. Yeah
I okay. So here's what I'm thinking. You're right in the dolphin. Slow down. Slow down. Oh, wait. Oh, oh
Wait, how one more time show me how you're right in the dolphin
Which sounds like a euphemism, but it in BNB am ride the dog the dolphin
So you get on the dolphin if you think about it, your mouth is gonna be directly over
I'm drawing an imaginary column of breath air from my mouth to the bowl
Oh, so the air is gonna be going from your mouth to the blowhole
You know, what are you what's wrong? Nothing? You're fine, right?
Okay, so you're the air is going from your mouth through the blowhole. Does it?
Okay, are there any scientists here who can tell me if they breathe air in through the blowhole?
It's not called a suck hole some I know a few you just yelled and I also wanted to say I know you're not fucking
Scientists, I don't think I don't think Lisa Frank would do quite so many stickers of this animal if they had an appendage called
a suck hole I
Don't think Sega would have made echo the dolphin if it had a suck hole on it
You're gonna come up against there's kind of a barrier there the rocks are down you're gonna have to use your suck hole powers
Suck in the blow pit fish with your suck hole. Just shoot it at the evil
Yeah, there were like fucking scary aliens in that game. You remember it you think oh, it's just peaceful swim
No one remembers echo the dolphin
But could they because
Would they a lot of times dolphins do seem to be judgy? Yeah. Oh, yeah, and I wonder what I mean other than the fact that
they've got
Basically way chiller lives than us. I don't know what they're lording over
I think if the dolphin could tell they wouldn't be cool about it, right? No way
They get up in your ear and like
God I I
Meet at a dolphin once
And I was not hungover
But I had extremely bad diarrhea
Diarrhea, so it was a Tuesday and
The dolphin didn't say anything so
We're good
We're good folks now. Okay, you didn't have diarrhea on the dolphin, right?
If I did, I don't think I'd be talking about it in front of my 1000 new friends Justin
No, I don't think I'd tell my I diarrhea on a dolphin story to my
Room full of 1,000 strangers Justin. I don't think I would do that there
But I am trying to establish the premise that all you've proven is that dolphins cannot sense that
prior to and directly after
You will the your dolphin experience you'll be having very liquid and frequent bowel movements
Why the fuck are we using dogs to sniff shit out? We just be walking dolphins through airports. Yeah
Yes, we should Travis be walking dolphins through airports
You're right
We'd build them a suit
Idiot
Fuck me, I guess I'm the asshole our household vacuum while still functional in a technical sense
Isn't quite a great suck hole on it that vacuum
Isn't quite what it used to be since my housemates sucked up an entire crew length sock with it
Which he left for me to discover and extract after weeks of shrugging non-committally
Every time I wondered aloud why the suction was so bad
I continued to do my best with what we had feeling that I wasn't in a financial position to purchase a new vacuum
But my mother recently took pity on me and my dust-bound purgatory and purchased one for me on the condition
That my sock vacuuming housemate never be allowed to use it
what are some lies I can tell my housemate about the
Powerful highly efficient vacuum sounds coming from my room every Sunday
How do I keep him from discovering the new appliance and taking another
vacuum
It's like back who's that from
The sheet is disappeared. Let's move. All right, kill the bow. Are you here?
Is the problem with having an early show on a late show
Yeah, I'm pretty sure we've caught so
Why first of all, nobody vacuums there anything once a week that is the most buckwild thing how much dust are you
generating pink pin
I
Don't think your roommate will be too upset about the fact that they don't have to vacuum anymore
Yeah
I don't think you need a fabrication for like I'm just gonna vacuum the house from now on the entire apartment is me. I
Wish I could have been inside your roommate's head the first time you use the vacuum
post-sock experiment and you said huh? What do you think's wrong with this and they went
I wish I could be inside your roommate's head when they were vacuuming and they saw a big full-length sock on the ground and they
were like
I don't want to fucking pick it. Oh, whatever
Yeah, because it was not yeah, I think you you very generously say it was mistaken in here
It was not your your roommate looked at the sock and looked at where the hamper was
Actually, fuck this get a quick cost-benefit analysis of winding down to get the sock
Yeah, they always show you in the commercials though
How many socks they can pick up and suck you going they shouldn't put that in the commercials because it's like look sock after sock
It just sucks these bad boys up and eat some for lunch. I know we don't I'm gonna get a little weird and advocate a
Direct approach. I'm pretty sure if you look at your roommate and say yeah
My mom bought me this after you broke my last one and she doesn't want me to let you use it
That's a pretty good explanation because you're a fiend. You can continue to use the awful vacuum. Yeah
like I
Would say that you should not be direct if it weren't for the fact
Your roommate did leave it for you to find it. Yeah, they not only intentionally sucked it up
They left it as a little mystery for you to uncover. They have lost vacuum privilege. That's right. They don't deserve it
I would be down. I love to lose vacuum privilege. Yeah, right
This is sort of like how I used to fake an allergy to Windex at blockbuster like you if you do yes
if if you do a bad enough job at something eventually people just I
swore for two years at blockbuster that no one had trained me how to vacuum and the only time you vacuum at blockbuster is
1215 in the morning because you closed at midnight and that's the last thing that happens
So nobody's gonna be like 1215 time to train this pudgy liar how to vacuum
They'll just go ahead and vacuum for you. So I went two years without ever learning
Anyway
Selfie hey, that's a little distracting but go back. Let's do it. Okay. Here. Hi
Okay, how about a yahoo? Yeah, this one's in him by level 9,000. Yeah, I
Can do better than that
Level 9,000. Yeah, Drew Drew at Drew Davenport. Thank you. Drew. Did you?
say
You say Drew thief. No, I said Drew Davenport and it's from yahoo answers user young spongy
Who asks what's in your dream stable?
For our equine science class my friend and I have to decide what
Good point Travis
My friend and I have to design our very own dream stable. We've chosen to be a boarding facility
Apparently we have unlimited money. So we get to spend obscene and offensive amounts of money
Here's all the stuff. We have a for a somewhat class obscene and offensive
It's just ten wieners, I
Don't know anything
We have all the stuff for a somewhat classy little boarding facility indoor outdoor arenas designated riding pastures trails a bunch of other boring stuff
We've included the prices of manure spread. Nope still boring
Is there anything I'm missing or anything fancy and so frivolous that my friend and I just must include my mom suggested
chandeliers in the indoor and barns
Yeah, you just read the last line I
I thought that'd be pretty fun. My friend and I are gonna show Obama how to really spend billions
I
Look at him sitting there so smug thinking he knows how to spend billions. We'll show him. I
Hope he does get this documentation somehow. He's like, well, these ain't me good
Got me no one no offense intended. Well tough shit
Thanks, you're welcome, um, what's in your dreams stable dreams
Chandelier feels like a cheat because you should at least put something in that I can imagine the horses could give a shit about
Yeah
They I don't even know. I'm not a horse genius, but I don't think they could look up at him
If they're directly above I'm not sure a horse could get up there to sneak a peek is what I would say
Not an angle, of course. I need a chart. But if you imagine a horse, okay, okay. No, never mind. I'm done
So maybe some fancy sconces instead
Level yeah, or maybe just more oats
Oats cuz it's a horse you're thinking of a very horse based user experience. I'm more thinking about me
You're right. Let me do this. Apparently we have unlimited money. Okay, how about unlimited horses?
If I walk into this fucking tesseract
This four-dimensional hyper stable
And
There's just infinite horses, but the horses are just infinitely long like in
fucking interstellar
Whoa, and I reached through the horse and I'm sending messages to my daughter
Suddenly interstellar makes so much. I get it fucking Christopher Nolan sitting at home like finally
Oh my dream stable. Thank you
infinite horses, but
What if they were in?
what if it was a
What if it was like a horse vending machine where you could just go and press a bunch of buttons and a horse?
Come out
You know what? Here's the thing. We're talking about
Obscene amounts of the idea of a horse vending machine. You got over it so fucking quick
Well, okay. Can I tell you why?
Here's what bothered me most about the image you created. Okay
Are they in little
Plastic clear. It's not a gosh upon
Okay, so it's more you see him behind the metal spirals. You see a big my horse is stuck
I got two horses
Well shit, I can't take care of two horses
I'll just leave it in the tray than the next one. The good news is they both died
Cuz this is a dumb idea if you think about it
It'll be a very big machine and the fall would probably kill all the horse. It is an it is an interactive horse mass grave
Alright hold on hold on hold on I got a whole lot of pre-dead horses here
And you can kill anyone what dispensing solution 65 cents and their soul is yours. I
Think we should make a movie theater for the horses and I hear what you're saying horses don't like movies and
I get it I do but have you ever taken a horse to the movies? I bet you haven't
I'm one a theater with seats that are comfortable for horses because none of them are I probably wouldn't
Like movie theaters if they were built for people with half as many appendages as I have
which is the what horses have to go through all the time because they have four legs and
Also, I just think we should make a movie theater for horses. Well Justin I like that
Can I in closing can I alley you as a good book report? Can I?
What it you have unlimited resources, yes
Movie theater for horses also movie studio that makes movies for horses for horses. Thank you Travis
Okay, but directed by Christopher Nolan see this they would be like see biscuit secretary
I can think of like a billion. No, no, no, no, no no no no those are about horses
Yes, they're cool horse narrative for horses. Just like a carrot that swings for two hours
But also by horses, so we're gonna need to think about cameras a little bit yeah
Just really go back to the drawing
software
Before horses, we will need a big director's chair. Oh and how big are those Jodhpur is gonna be?
Yeah, you just need to change the mouse so who can fit in it and they can take it from there
The problem with horse movies is this uh-huh that it would be like the Christian movies
They make sometimes where they trick you into it by putting a big-name Hollywood star in there like Jeff Fahey
And then you think oh shit new Jeff Fahey movie. I'm stoked and then you get the end. It's like one man's
Inspirational journey, you're like wait a minute
Got me Jeff of dream stable is for real a new
For horses by horses if we have unlimited money
Could we just have a room in the dream stable that has infinite money inside of it?
Shit, I hacked your whole question. I have infinite money now. I
Wish Scrooge McDuck's been was like that. So when he dove in who just keep going
Are you
Entrapped like a grain silo. Yeah, exactly. Here I go. Be like, oh shit. I thought I wanted an infinite money
But I guess I don't
And then it's like Twilight Zone
Can I just say Scrooge McDuck
Ricky richest duck on earth, right? Yeah for sure. I can't think of a richer duck
He has a lot of empty space in his money bin it was very
Asterational
Right, even though he's got the most money a duck could have he's still got about five six of that. Yeah
Dive into it. He wants to be able to walk comfortably onto the surface of his mind
Right. So at some point as he was designing the money been surely someone went that's big enough, right?
Don't you think that's big enough? No, no, cuz he knows the more money he makes the less it hurts when he hits the money
So he's like punishing himself. It's like why doesn't he just have dollar bills? Why does he have so many fucking coins?
He's rich. Maybe that's it. It's all pennies. So it seems like a lot of money. It's like yeah, you're super rich
He has like three hundred and ten dollars
I should just dive in and land on a credit card. Is there a rich jag who has died
IRL because they wanted this experience and they jump and they're like, oh fuck. It's hard metal. It's a bit
That was the secret you need the bill to penetrate the surface of the coins
I just started a new job and while there's generally been good. I'm having a problem with my boss
I work for a streaming company that broadcast corporate meetings live to the web
So there's no room for failure during an event. That's too bad because every online meeting fucking sucks
Like clockwork before every event starts my boss approaches me takes off his headset looks me right in the eye and whispers
Don't fuck this up
Wait, wait, wait, wait, he pauses and then says even more quietly don't
This makes me feel incredibly nervous and even though I'm fairly sure he's just joking around and I have never messed up
He says it with a completely straight face
Brothers, how do I get him to stop doing this? And that's from live stream lament. Listen, I don't
He's
He's a person who's in a position authority above you and if you mess up it would be embarrassing and then he says this every
time
Why do you think he's joking? Yeah, he says he has given you no social cues to indicate
This is a 100% success rate tactic
It sounds like if you're crushing it if you're running the world's only successful online business meeting
Yeah, that's the other thing. It's like this tactic while it may seem a little heavy on the pressure
It does seem to be working on you very well. Is it bad boss behavior to look at your employee and say
I don't think you're supposed to I haven't been in an office since I worked at GameStop
If you consider that an office, but I don't think you're supposed to wait, hold on I don't
Nor do any of us, I think. In any sort of non-home business situation
I don't think you're supposed to cuss. I
Don't think you're supposed to cuss. If my boss ever did a cuss toward me
Isn't Justin your boss?
I'm not and I haven't been for 18 months, but thank you for being my brother I guess. No, I mean as as older brother
Oh, okay, like yeah within our hierarchy, I guess
Oh as the CEO. I've never seen an org chart of our family
I've never seen a chart of our family. I have never seen a chart of our family
I've never seen an org chart of our family
And I've never seen an org chart of our family
Oh as the CEO. I've never seen an org chart of our family, but I guess. I think we all roll up to dad
I guess. Yeah
Gervin do you know the yahoo should we get in the audience? I just got really uncomfortable with the idea that dad was our boss in any
Sort of in any sort of capacity. I
Say we go to audience. I think we go to audience. I want to warn I
I want to warn everybody. This is our fourth show of this tour in three days, which again is just astronomical amount of work in
Two of the three shows we did before this one
I had to leave the stage to use the bathroom because I drank a lot of liquids and it's feeling like there's gonna be one
Of those shows so that's gonna happen again at some point just to warn you there's Paul. Hi Paul
I'm putting my iPad away. Let's do it. Fuck it. I'm closing the computer. I'm
new
I'm just gonna keep don't stand up. I promise that's that's that ain't gonna do it
Let's start on the right side and then we'll just sort of just go all over
I see somebody that looks like with blonde hair sitting at the very end of the aisle
Yeah pointing to your own top of your head. No, you're pointing the one with the blonde hair blonde hair pointing the top of your head
You're standing up. Yes, you're standing up right now and you're going here. We go Mike's over here
I'm sorry that we started so far away
And we're scooting. We're scooting just scooting and scooting still scooting ever scooting and we're scooting and we are home
Hi, what up? Hey, you can yeah, feel free everybody if you're at the mic just go ahead and angle it to yeah
Shoot it right at you
Everyone not to yell things at her. It's very it could be very strong. Hi. What's your name?
My name is Jen. Hi Jen Jim or Jen Jen Jen. Okay
Jen yeah, we got it. Yeah
Just three letters, but we're gonna get there eventually
What's your question? I have a theory and I have a really I would just love to hear your thoughts on this theory
Okay, thank you for coming to our dissertation. Go on. I
Know that some of you are college educated. Yeah, I've been to college. Okay
Here he goes. You can't do callbacks to the last episode. We did at this theater two hours ago
There we go. Nice
So I have a theory that every raccoon is the ghost of a confederate Civil War. Oh
Wait, hold on Jen do you
Do you really do you really know it's serious. I believe this just because raccoons are a scoundrels
Jen listen, you've come to the number one source for scientific discussion on the internet
If that's the evidence you're bringing to your theory
You're gonna have to do better than that
They bet you better have seen him eating some Johnny cakes or something. I don't know
I mean, we are y'all are all tied up in the second part of the theory. I'm still I
Don't even think I heard the second part of the theory because the first part of theory is I think every raccoon is a ghost
But do you have evidence to support a ghost a ghost
a ghost probably cannot take my trash, but if it could it would
Every trash is another raccoons treasure. Yeah, but it's not a ghost! It doesn't mean it's a ghost!
That doesn't mean the raccoons a ghost! You said a raccoon thing not a ghost thing.
I agree raccoons love trash
That is not up for debate. We're all agree that point is settled. I do not think that was part of the thesis statement
Is there a line in a history book that's like and Confederate soldiers love trash eating trash
those motherfuckers
Okay, so I want to hear more from you actually more than anything. I want my entire life
So please elaborate for the next 30 seconds. Go ahead
souls ghosts
Souls also live in raccoons. Okay, so it's a fluke situation where they reincarnated into
Okay, so that's not the reason I understand what you're saying. I wicked don't but it's I
Want to I want to I want you to workshop the theory a little bit more
Yeah, I think it has I think it's got legs
But the four of them four of them four furry little yeah ringed legs
But what I need you to work on is
Raccoons or ghosts start there solve that one and then you can connect me to the other dots. So thank you very much. Yeah. Thank you
I'm sorry. Somebody brought a sign like this is WrestleMania. We have to do yeah
Don't everybody bring signs though from now on we want everyone to be able to continue to see and our stadium
We don't have stadium seating usually. Hi. Hi. Hello. What's your name? What was it? I talked during it. Yeah, shut up
Okay, Stefan. Hey Stefan weird vibe
Just to reiterate everyone we're gonna get weird
Please we need you to be our anchor point Stefan
Bring it down a little okay right here. Okay, what's up?
Well, I was gonna ask about horse vending machines, but I think we covered that. Oh, okay. How serendipitous. Yeah
so
My friend and I have a podcast where we talk about fan theories and hypothetical questions about raccoons and ghosts
It's not
It's called overthinking out loud and you can find it wherever
What is it what is your what is your question I wanted to know how to get free promotion for your podcast this isn't it
I
Sorry, go ahead
If you guys had any fan theories that you would like to give a discuss about a subject about anything
Oh, it's about anything. It's about anything Jesus for instance. So this one time I was doing a live show. Okay?
Then this person got up and asked a question and my theory is
They wanted to promote their podcast
Don't be ridiculous the fun is not promoting his podcast. He's secretly recording us to include on a future episode
I
Literally, I'm blanking. I have nothing for you. We just told you about Scrooge McDuck and his $310. It's true. Yeah
Can you it's a credit card. Could you just edit that in? I?
Think the characters in Mary Poppins specifically Mary Poppins and Burt are actually a
Sort of infinitely
living alien beings
That have wandered the earth as immortals and possessed powers beyond our own
That they if you think about it
It makes a lot of sense and I'm not gonna I'm not gonna lay it out for your smart people
You can walk yourself to it
But I've watched that movie too many times, but that's what I think maybe just enough times maybe just enough times
Thank you so far. Thank you so
I trust the two of you to pick somebody good. Oh, no, this would be great
You can't we're gonna pick somebody they're gonna ask their question
Griffin has peed in every show we've done. This is ridiculous
All right, hurry and ask your question before Griffin gets back and then he'll have to answer the question without any context, okay
Ask quickly go go go. This should be a good one. My name is Charlotte. Hi, Charlotte
And I also sent this in but I sent him yesterday
Matt we all love the good your goof because your dad's grand lips. Yeah, but for me, it's a constant fear
because
Hold on one second. Charlotte. I need to put on my
emergency live podcast panic vest
In case we ramp into a fucking ravine like it feels
Paralysed Lee close to doing right now. Hold on one second
All right
Go ahead Charlotte. My life is in your fucking hands
Go ahead. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it
Go ahead. I'm trusting you. I'm not cutting you off Charlotte. I guess I should probably preface this. No kidding
Also Charlotte
You preface the things before this
You post facing a post facing it. Okay. It's a cost to hear my mother
and she flat out i'm a 25 year old married woman, and she
Every time she sees me
She kisses me square on the lips. Okay. Okay. Okay. We're back on track. All right
Is your question how do I celebrate my parents loving me so much
There's that but also it really skews me out
So I really don't well, it's just right here. Yeah. No, I know where her mouth is
It seriously skews me out so I'm wondering how do I ask her to just not stop
kissing my mouth I
Know we say that sometimes and we're talking like we're big confident not incredibly anxious people
But this is one of those situations where you can be like, I'd rather the mouth kisses stop
Yeah, gang does the thought cross your mind every time she kisses you right directly on your human mouth?
Does the thought cross your head? I'm gonna talk to her about that someday
Oh, yeah, this sucks
Let me hit you with this idea cuz I get
Conversations is bad conversations in general is bad. So what if you?
Wean her off of this with like a little side juke a little left side dash a little wave dash left
You're doing it like oh
One of those that was presented in Joby 5.1 surround sound for our friends at home
You've tried that and it did not work. Oh, no
Oh my god, I would like to Charlotte someone was running up the aisle behind you for a hot second
I thought it was your mom coming against it. I
Was so excited. I was like so excited. I was flipping out
They were completely in shadow. I just saw a silhouette but I was like, oh shit
Here it goes
But okay, so I've only been a parent for ten months now, I've been a parent for three years
I'm gonna I also have a child
I'm gonna make a bet. I don't think your mom likes doing it either
Your mom is afraid that if she stops you'll think you she loves you less
She's afraid that if she doesn't do it, you'll be upset. You'll be upset. She thinks you're into it. I know
Every time she gives it she's like god damn. This is weird. It's so weird
You could she just couldn't find an off-ramp, you know, like you get to a birthday and you're like, well this today's the day
I'm gonna stop fucking Hagrid kicks in your door like you're 26. You don't have to kiss your mom anymore, Harry
Talk to your mother talk to your mother. No one should kiss you on the mouth of that you really wanting them to that's a pretty
Good general rule for life. It seems like this episode we did it. This is it. She's listening. Hi. Thanks for
Thanks for listening. All right
It out talk to your mom show you guys pick somebody as much
Hey, what's up, this is Griffin, I'm gonna do these real fast
So I'm pretty sick and I want to go back to bed, but I'm gonna give them the respect that they deserve
Thanks for listening to our live show. We we did not want to put up three live shows in a row
We really want to try to space these out. But Travis is moving and then my baby was sick
and then I got the sickness and
There's just been a series of unfortunate events. And so we had to put up another live show
Which I'm I'm genuinely sorry about and hopefully we're gonna get things back on track soon
once I can go like 90 seconds without having to
Burst through the door of the bathroom like the Kool-Aid man. So here's an advertisement
It's for Harry's Harry's is all about getting a great shave at a fair price
They are half the price of the leading five blade razor
They're so confident that you're gonna love their blades
They will give you the trial shave set for free when you sign up at Harry's comm slash my brother
You just pay shipping and you get these good blades and you get to try them out
That set includes a weighted ergonomic razor handle five precision engineered blades with a lubricating strip and trimmer blade
Rich lathering shave gel and a travel blade cover and once again to get that free trial
Just go to harry's comm slash my brother right now. That's harry's comm slash my brother
Another message here. This one's for Blue Apron Blue Apron also sponsoring us this week. Thank you Blue Apron
It's affordable for less than ten bucks per person per meal Blue Apron will deliver
Seasonal recipes along with pre-portioned ingredients that you can use to make delicious home-cooked meals
Talking about stuff like skillet vegetable chili with cornmeal and cheddar drop biscuits
Garlic butter shrimp and corn with green bean salad and roasted purple tomatoes. I know it's basically fucking purple
Thank you Blue Apron Blue Apron knows you're busy. So right now they're offering 30-minute meals
These meals are made with the same flavor and farm fresh ingredients
You know and love and are ready in 30 minutes or less
Check out this week's menu and get your first three meals for free with free shipping by going to Blue Apron comm slash my brother
That's Blue Apron comm slash my brother Blue Apron a better way to cook. Hey, I also have some Jumbotron messages here
This one is for Aaron and it's from Seth who says hi Aaron knowing you these past six ish months has been a joy and knowing
You for however much more time it is before the brothers read this message will probably also be great as well
I love you very much. And I want you to know that you are my Valentine no matter when this message airs. Oh Jesus
That's seven months. We are closer to the next Valentine's Day than we are to the one that happened in this Gregorian year
We fucked it up so bad
Seth and Aaron you didn't deserve this but I'm glad you guys are happy together and happy Valentine's Day
It's you know 24-7 just the reason for the season
Got another personal message here
This one is to will and it's from your loyal adventurers Roscoe and Steve Z who say happy birthday
Well, we tried to buy you a message on adventure zone the podcast you introduced us to that opened up our world to all things
McElroy, but it's sold out in like zero seconds. Sorry about that
We but we are sure the brothers will be fine with this TGIF style crossover
Thank you for being our DM and our sweet baby brother. We love you. We love you, too
Sorry, you couldn't get on adventure zone. It's you know, it's a hot button commodity
Well, we only do half as many of those as we do these so boom. Bam. You're good to go
That's probably not true either
But if you do want to get a message on the show just go to maximumfund.org slash Jumbotron
Thank you everybody came out to this live show. It was a lot of fun
We got some more coming up in October November just go to McElroy shows comm slash tours
And you can see where we are playing and see where tickets are still available
Thanks to John Roderick and the long winters for the use of our theme song into departure off the album putting the days to bed
Thank you to
justice and Dizzy Rascal
for the remix from the video game DJ hero that we used as the intro to this episode because
Justin like really wanted to get pumped up
That was really why we did it and oh, there's a big sight gag coming up that we explained a little bit later on
But I didn't want you to be lost where somebody asked a question
Just as Justin is coming back on stage then he pivots on his heels and walks right back off stage
And it was very funny
And I didn't want you to be confused when there's like two minutes of uninterrupted laughter. That is what happens
Um, I think that's it. I'm gonna go now. So thanks for listening and
Go to maximumfund.org check out all the shows there. They're great and we'll be back next week. Bye
There is a new series of Star Trek coming out and
Maximum fun org has submitted to our blackmail and agreed to host a new show on the network
We're calling it the greatest discovery. We've got
Photographs we have recordings. We have web browser history on everyone at maximum fun
Those are the things that have allowed us to have a second Star Trek show on maximum fun
There's no way they're happy about this
But we will be recapping every episode of Star Trek discovery all 15 of them as they come out over
The fall and winter and we hope you'll join us by going to maximum fun org and looking for the greatest discovery
We're looking for it wherever you download podcasts
How about okay somebody with pink hair is pointing to somebody in front of them in the center
Yes, you're standing up and waving with both hands. Yes. Yeah, and you put any signs. Yeah, right. No, this is good
You have to be very specific because like literally every time the person's like well
I am wearing a fuchsia jacket, and I'm wearing a jamiroquai top hat, but it may be somebody else with a fuchsia
Hi, what's your name? Danny? Hi Danny
so I need your guys's own advice advice on how to
Convince my cousin that the patriarchy is real. Okay
Hey, here's the thing he he believes in the gender binary, okay, but he doesn't believe in gravity
You
Know you probably don't write country songs, but you've got the start of a great one right there
Danny sorry for the
Just ran on stage and then ran back off
Burrowed into the ground like a mole
Oh Danny may I offer a suggestion a slight tweak on the wording of your question, okay?
Yeah, hi brothers. I need advice on how to stop talking to my cousin
That's valid. Thank you
because at a certain point
Convincing them is not the issue. Yeah is yeah is if you want proof like can you just tell them to like?
Look at the replies to any woman's tweet on Twitter literally ever
You need proof that the patriarchy says let me show you movies but gravity seems
We could probably start the work, I mean that was like fuck yeah, let's defy gravity
Yeah, how does he not believe in gravity he's a flat-earther too and
You know what if you had put that sentence earlier it would have been surprising now, it's like oh, yeah, yeah
How do you how do you believe in flat earth, but not gravity are we glued to the ground?
Don't you have a finite number of minutes on this earth do not waste them on bad people anymore. This is my permission. Thank you
Let them go. I know that's harsh. Yeah, that's harsh, but listen
Family is given both given but also earned and this person's lost their privileges to you
This is important. This person is not ignorant. They are willfully choosing. Yeah
Yeah, do not believe in these two totally there things anybody who will look at you and go it is easier to convince them that
The earth is flat
But it's hard to convince them
That gravity exists. Yeah, not because someone hasn't tried. Yeah
Yeah, you're you're you're doing this person. Congratulations. So that's a big
Mile all the time you free room for one more new person. That's great. Anybody in the market for a cousin today
Let's see some hands who wants a cousin. Hey, I see a lot of cut a lot of potential cousins for you to choose from
We're here on another episode of cousin swap
The extreme cousin makeover, how was that? That was good. It felt brutal to me
We just proved your family tree he thanks for coming he deserves it honestly. All right, thank you so much. Thank you
Justin you're back back from the room. You want to pick somebody? Okay. There's somebody who's kind of dancing in the middle
It's yeah, come on down
You got to stop doing that every time hi, what's your name? Hi brothers. My name is Chelsea. Hi, Chelsea. I'm sure
Thank you island time. I love it. So I'm a third grade teacher
Thank you, thank you and one of my students the other day was like wow when you smile it's very creepy
Oh
Just quick note it amazes me that that kid said that and yet there are adults in this room like how do I have a
direct conversation with someone
Fucking putting it on blast every single day kids. Oh kids will say the shittiest things
Well, that's why I love them. They're amazing. So my question is how do I convince him? I'm not creepy. Oh
Oh good. Yeah, that's a conversation any adult can have it. No, no, I'm not creepy
Yeah, you got to put a ton of effort into it. That's for sure
Yeah, the harder you try to not be creepy the more effective it will be. That's what my experience
Have you tried?
Have you tried wait
I think it's hunting. Hold on. There's some okay. It's been a long weekend. So something something fidget spinners, okay?
But but you can't the problem is you can't walk up to them like free I don't know what sounds
That is where miss Frizzle got her name, you know in the remake by the way, what's up, here's how fidget spinners work episode 1
You got to like let the kid like you're they like walk in from recess and you're fidget spinning like oh, oops, sorry
Yeah, it's important to not try
They've got to catch you fidgets
Hey, how cool is your school in vaping?
So I need to get a vape. That's what you're saying. You don't already have a vape. What are you doing? It's 2017
Or as the plane that the three holy shit. This is the funniest shit ever the plane. We're on today said
There's no smoking on this plane. That includes e-cigarettes and personal vaporizers
Excuse are you are you a flight attendant or a cop?
No marijuana cigarettes
To be fair personal vaporizer does sound like a space-age weapon. Yeah, sure
Yeah, you should not have on the airplane to be fair. So yeah fidget spin, but make it look like an accident
So yeah fidget spin, but make it look like an accident and don't smile while you're doing it. No. Yeah dead dead face
Yeah, so fidgets been very seriously. Yeah. Yeah. I mean if you're not
Everybody should be taking their spinning extremely serious like
It's not a toy
Does that help absolutely, thank you. Thank you. I
Would like to propose an experiment, all right, all right, let's whatever it was an experiment everybody
There's a gentleman. Yeah. Yes, you're sitting in the spotlight very excited so you can do your question, but
You have a minute. Well, no
This is a bad experiment. You have as much time as you want. Hi, what's your name? Hi. I'm Bailey Olmsted. Hi
Hi, um, so Bailey, okay, like the alcohol got um, so I go to school here. I go to Emerson College
Shit all right college fans
and
But I'm I'm from New York. I
Like
We're in Boston, I don't I didn't know this people in Boston don't like New York. Yeah, so that's
Is it hi? Wait, is it hi? I'm I am a child. Please don't boo me
Okay, so yeah, don't boo Bailey, but is it because of baseball cuz if so, come on gang
This is a better place. We're at a comedy advice podcast show. We don't care about baseball here
So this is and we like we like the reds
My question like how do I how do I be a little bit proud of the fact that I'm from New York in a town that
I love in Boston and and how do I make the two coexist that according to the audience are contradictory now Bailey
Did you start to get a little disheartened about the chances you need a good answer to this when we just literally just discovered
This is an issue 30 seconds ago
No, I I was a little worried when you're like, what do you mean?
Bailey I think
That that is the definition of pride
Because I think that if you are proud when everyone is okay with it
That's easy, but to be proud while people are giving you a hard time is true pride. Oh
That's beautiful I am I'm about to start crying in front of like 2,000 people, you know the thing Bailey
And then this is everybody. I I love it when people are from places where like there's places like
Morgantown and honey, so much, Virginia. You don't get along because they play each other in me. I shit you not friends of cold bowl
And
There's always and when you get people from Morgantown in the Huntington, there's always this like Huntington sucks thing
Why can't you just be like, yes, I am from Morgantown and also here is nice, too
They're both in West Virginia and they've both been ravaged by the destruction of the Kool-Aid
Here in the Northeast you have a lot more that unites you and separates you
So I think you should be proud of where you're from. It's got some pretty good things going for it
Not as many as Boston because I'm physically a
Long cold walk back to the hotel. I can't help you much there
Can you take a thing that's good about New York and a thing that's good about Boston and combine them and as I'm saying this
the only thing I'm thinking about no is
Is pizza chowder?
So all your friends were still like fucking up in arms about
Inter-relevant baseball season where these two were in close contention here and just say like oh that's too bad
You're still up in arms about that and you reach into a hearty spoonful of
cream and pepperoni
It would be something else pizza chowder is a fill-in metaphor for
Squashing this completely ridiculous East Coast East Coast
Thank you so much
All right
Let's do we've done the center law. Let's do back left somewhere. Somebody's waving a hat. I think on the on the far end
Yeah, you've got your hat in the air and now you're standing up. No, they had the hat in the air
Yeah, you're putting yourself with two hands. No
Both of you point at yourself at the same time
We're gonna be just stumble come down. Yeah, where's it go down to you? Yeah, we'll do that simultaneously. Yes. Okay. This will be fun
All right, we'll do you first and then we'll do you next. Hi, what's your name? Tim?
Canons kiss
Thank you very much Tim did we help him? Okay. No, hold on. No, I'm no no Tim got what he needed. Come on down
I'm gonna get to the bottom of this Reverend you look that up
Kiss I like your red socks Josie a red socks. Yeah
Hey Tim
I'm looking at some I'm looking at a tape
It's looking at a website. You may am I'm on a I'm gathering data points for you, too
Top result are nuns allowed to kiss that is yahoo answers Timothy
Don't be proud of that
All right, Pastor Michael Kelly says not passionately on the lips, but certainly they can give a kiss on the cheek or a hug
I
I've sullied myself for you Tim. Hello new person. I'm gonna wait
Hold on before you person who had long hair on the balcony standing up
I've never done a balcony one before so start wait making your way down. Yeah, sure. We're gonna give it a shot
Okay
What's your name? My name is James James. Hello James. Hi
So I am studying somebody stoked about James. Yes, so he yes, so he's got James fever
um, so I'm studying for a PhD in physics and
and
That is not typically the reaction I get
Hey hit you with a question. Yeah. Yeah is gravity real
It's a theory but it's pretty well-defined so
All right, not for sure, okay
That's way more hedging than I expected
I thought we'd get one three letter. It's 100% for sure you guys
Yeah
So what's what's up?
So I was wondering how to introduce the fact that I study physics without having people grown or say that they hated their high school class
I might I suggest I'm getting my PhD in motion
Oh
Just step back a little bit. Just step back one little bit. We're gonna do both of you
Just okay right there right there right there. Why do they have to step James is not a bear. No
Careful careful. No, they were
Really want to focus on James cuz James studies physics. He's not gonna have a lot of opportunities for this level of attention
So I just want to make sure he gets this moment James next time somebody drops something or does something that
physics is in
To be fair that could be anytime somebody moves or
You could just be like, you know
the reason that happened was physics and then give them like a little just a little taste of
of something interesting like a bomb all that, you know, and then
They'll be like hooked. You know, I'm gonna be like I wish you knew more about this and you'll be like good news
This is he's better PR cuz I was thinking that there I can't think of a schoolhouse rock song about physics
She's like anytime anything happens
When heat or energy is transfer between two things is that physics which one is it?
See, I don't know cuz it wasn't a fucking schoolhouse rock song about it
Can you say you're getting a PhD in psychics
Which is what I think the word physics is half the time that I see it written on a page
It's super effective at the gym. It's good against fighting. That is James
James you're pandering to me specifically, but I appreciate it
Just say you're getting a PhD in Pokemon. Yeah deep into it. Yeah, I was at a second alone. Oh
Everybody stop listen for a second. What's physics?
like I know basically what it is, but like
95 fucking percent of you that just laughed you're only kind of sure what it is
super quick
Yeah, so if you want to look at the study of
You're gonna have to come more correct than that, let's try one more again James what's physics?
Make a schoolhouse rock sexy for now. I'm just saying but like what's physics?
So our whole universe was formed in a hot dance place and nearly
Thank you, thank you James
Fucking don't really on the left you first in person on the right. Hello
Okay, so this is also another locational question, okay, I go to college here but I'm from South Dakota
Okay, a lot of is there a South Dakota Boston beef that I don't know about
Okay, we're good here
And the thing is is that nobody's met someone from South Dakota. You're the first for me. Definitely. Oh, really?
I've never heard that before
All across this great nation of ours except to South Dakota, is that the just between you and me
Sucks so bad
Is that the first question you get anytime anybody says I'm from South Dakota. Is it the Mount Rushmore one?
No, they say are there people?
Taking from somebody
So
I think this is a perfect grift opportunity
To convince them of something that exists in South Dakota. I have already convinced people that there are jackalopes, but like
What's another thing? I should tell people that happens in South
Do we have an episode like a hundred years ago about a great fog wall that separated the Dakotas where there's some sort of
You know nobody here in this audience of a thousand people remembers it. So it must have not been a great bit
What's a fictional thing to tell people yeah, it's where Dave Coulee is from
You're not gonna fucking challenge you know, we might know he's Canadian and if so you just stare at him until they leave
What if when you say you're from South Dakota and they're like, oh there are people there you say oh you're thinking of West Dakota
The state nobody mentions the star no one can remember
What can I ask you a question to help kind of frame this what
Is a lot other than Mount Rushmore totally maybe this is a good opportunity for instead of you running a grift
You could educate our audience and the people who listen at home about right
Talk shit about West Virginia. I'm like home of soupy sales
Yeah, if you have any comments on like the infrastructure of South Dakota
Oh some people are fascinated when I complain about the coal industry taking over West Virginia. Yeah, that's why our education is so bad
Did you like did you like the voice of Chucky? That's Huntington West Virginia's own Brad Dourif
So Michael Cerveris you say all right, this is about it's South Dakota's time to shine
You're right girl, but West Virginia's had enough
There is the Mitchell Corn Palace
Is there wait, hold on. No, I don't want to hear what Travis has to say
I want to hear what you have to say about the Mitchell Corn Palace. We're on the edge of our seats
every
year
Maze is gathered throughout the Dakotas. I guess there's not two of them. I don't think you need to pluralize
Because they make murals
Out of corn around the corn palace, which is actually just the jim
Edible? Travis has a great question. No, it's dried. I could still make that work for me
You want to say much Griffin loves corn corn art
Yeah, corn art. All right. That's I'm one step closer in my journey to knowing things about South Dakota
And I did not think corn art was gonna be the first step in this long journey
Mitchell Public Schools mascot is the colonels. I
I could respect that for sure, but not like a military colonel there like it's
Can I ask you so there's corn on the outside of Mitchell's Corn Palace, yes, what's on the inside it's a municipal gym
Wait, Justin Schoke was very good. But your answer was also very good. So let's take turns Travis one more game again
There's corn on the outside of Mitchell's Corn Palace. Well, what's on the inside the cob?
All right now Travis
When I'm editing this I'm gonna pick whichever one was better
So there's corn on the outside of Mitchell's Corn Palace, but what's on the inside it's a municipal gym that's better
I say lots of dumb shit
Um, just start talking mad shit about Nebraska. You don't have to don't build up, South Dakota
tear down
Tear down North Dakota
You all got a team up gotta unify to Super Dakota
the ultimate Dakota Oh
Dakota fanning watch the throne
Two states have combined and they finally take down Dakota fanning
Does that help
Now you in the aisle
Wait, what are you doing? Oh, no, we're right now. We're taking a selfie. I'm 35 years old. I don't understand and also 30 also
I'm 36
Oh, there's a lie. You don't understand. Hi. What's your name? Hey, I'm Chloe
So I work as an art conservator which it's like an art doctor
Like if it's old and broke and in a museum, my job is to make it not that okay, not in a museum you steal it
You craft you cracked my art puzzle
So like wait, can you I this is this is the fucking like episode where I just want to know everything about the question
Restoration is I do I specialize in papers like old books and miss paper. What are you fucking?
What do you do? It like it's moldy and shit. I don't know
You need to know you should know it's your fight
Oh of expertise is not on us. Okay. Listen, I mean like it gets it gets ripped
If it gets wet you get those nasty say that I have eight. No, we hate tape don't take anything anyone ever
I have okay. Wait a minute for you. No, I just can I start I what's the like weirdest thing that you used to fix books?
Oh
Well, one of the weirdest things paintings conservators use is saliva
We're done go on okay go on with your question. I'm so sorry. I asked about your trade. No, no
No, I need to know they look like spit on it
No, they get a cotton swab sort of like for your ears
But longer and bigger and you put in your mouth and use it to clean a painting
Some it's not just cuz they forgot to bring anything else with them
Or is it because they are fucking like narcissist pervs like now I'm part of the Mona Lisa
They fucking take their friends and you see them like you see that one starry starry night, it's my spit on it
That's definitely the reason
Hey for a second go about two minutes ago. You talk some bad shit about tape. Is that a thing for you guys?
Is that like y'all really really angry at me? I cannot tell you how many paper conservators
I know that have mad beef about today. So let me let I love this fucking world of ours
I know it's a very good world. So let's be clear tape
Mean that's about the long and short of it, you know
Can I ask you a bunch of questions about the realness of the movie national treasure and some okay? Okay
Okay, like like for real though last summer
I did intern in the labs of the National Archives where that shit was shot
And there's a part where like Nick cage like burps onto the Declaration of Independence and a treasure map appears. Is that
How often do you find treasure maps? How often do you like burp on do it?
Like a piece of paper that's a treasure map as a map. I would say like once a week. So like I knew it
I know y'all want to get to your questions. I want to know everything about
Fucking fascinating everybody. Okay. Okay. What's your question? Sorry?
So I fix old art and shit. We got that
Yeah, but there's this one tool that we use when we want to make a nice sharp crease
Not an old stuff for like making boxes or whatever. It is called a bone folder, right?
Wait, oh wait, it gets better. So how that's the best word
So it's made sometimes out of animal bones. Sometimes
But
Fucking the heebie-jeebies up here. It's September. I'm not supposed to get these Halloween spooks already. Go on. Yeah, they are all haunted
It's terrible. Okay, but haunted by a deer is like no
We don't use my paper. Please. No, please please letter
So common parlance in the paper conservation world is when someone tells you to use your bone folder to fold something
They'll tell you to bone down hard
Yeah
With gratitude to the last episode of my brother my brother and me because I've recently realized my life's calling
Teach me your ways
It just goes to show what I've always said, which is paper conservators know how to fucking party
So I don't make it your
God to the fucking question yet. If your question is how cool is my life the answer is very well
Yes, it is and I do not want people to stop doing this
I love it. My problem is when this happens at work and someone says oh you're gonna really have to bone on hard on that
one I
Know what Justin's doing right now. Yeah, I do that
And then I think it doesn't like they've just been seeing it for so long that it doesn't connect that it's like very dirty
And funny and great. So I think they think I'm like, I'm not gonna do that. That's a shitty idea
How do I not make my co-workers think I'm shitting all over their ideas when I laugh at this funny shit that they say how long?
Quick brother pull how long in your life? Would you have to casually use the phrase?
100,000 years. I
Don't know how long an eon is but many of them right cuz I'm pretty sure I could be a hundred and two and saying
I've been born with a bone folder in my hand fucking
170 years old is going town to town folding bones fucking
There's this is this is the this is the Kobayashi Maru it's gonna be funny forever
Forever it's not gonna not there's no words that we could say up here that will not make bone down, huh?
Especially when someone says to you you're gonna have to bone down hard
I guess the only thing is you just need to start responding. Don't I know it?
Thank you, thanks, yeah, I think that I'll really solve my problem
I don't think we solved it, but just thank you for this gift you yeah
All of us here tonight. I
Sense you up there. I knew I knew
Let's do like one more maybe yeah
Let's see, let's see we need to pick one quick. There's a I think the last like three apparently
How about okay? You're pointing to somebody there. You've got your hand. Yeah stand on up, and you're walking towards us here
We go yeah all the way over there
We're doing it. We're doing it. We're doing hey by the way good
Luck following that one because holy shit. Do you work in an industry with like a really funny named tool?
I'm sorry just real quick something just occurred to me
There has to be someone who makes bone folder. Yeah, okay? We can't we got to be done with bone folders
We have to hi. What's your name? Hi? I'm Cory. Hi Cory
All right, so my old roommate when he would take a shower, okay instead of using a towel. He's a folder
Can you work so I can you just like I want to hear you, and I want to work with you
I'm gonna play in this space with you Cory, but you're gonna have that bone down hard
You're gonna have to work like bone folder or something to just like keep this I'm riding a wave right now
If it right now you're my co-pilot, and I have used a bone folder. Have you really I have
This is a good planet this but maybe you're the only two people who've used a bone fold up wait on
Show of hand listen I can't stress enough
I need sincere serious answers don't raise your hand if it's a lie raise your hand if you have ever used a bone folder
That's a shit ton of hands
Did you bring one
Okay, sorry, okay, sorry sorry Cory
I'm whatever you have to say is gonna be really important, and we're so paying attention to it
I'm definitely not thinking about how quickly we could go backstage an Amazon fucking one-day delivery some bone folders
We're definitely not gonna be thinking about whether or not we can get bone folders delivered to our hotel tonight before we have to fly home
And we're there seamless for bone folder definitely no definitely not thinking about if you can bring a bone folder on an airplane
What's what's your roommate used to shower tell that sounds tell me more after he would shower
Instead of using a towel he would use toilet paper
One time he even went all the way into the kitchen and then used paper towels and like I know he has a towel
I've seen it, but he's never used it so my question is is he an alien trying to steal my organs or like
like
That's really very wasteful
Extremely wasteful the towels right there, but then you have to wash the towel you don't gotta wash no toilet paper
He just left the toilet paper out like damp. How many rolls so is your roommate right?
Yeah, old roommate he used one and a half rolls a day
Never never once bought any
Send us a question before cuz we definitely need to address TP sort of like
ridesharing
What's interesting we get a lot of questions where the question revolves around like this person does something weird and
So very rarely does anyone entertain the idea of are they doing it on purpose to fuck with me?
And my guess is one time first time your roommate forgot to bring their towel in the bathroom
And just right off a toilet paper, and it freaked you out so bad
That they just can't do hey hold up. Hey hold up. How you know they did this okay?
Paper he would leave it hanging like on the shower shut up. No
With the paper towels he didn't know that I was home, and I was sitting in the front room
And I see him walk into the kitchen and just like
Oh, was it at least like Downey like fucking triple ply
Shit did your roommate ever display any like germ a phobic
I don't think I thought you were gonna say serial killer tendencies
Cuz the answer is based on what I know of them. Yes
Yes, you know in England. They don't really use paper towels, and they probably think it's pretty weird that we do so maybe
Because he came to America, and he was like these things fucking rule
Hey, let's just for everything. Let's maybe get too real here for a second. Why did why did y'all stop living together?
Because if it's not for this
Did what worse like um well he also left food out, and then we got a bunch of mice
That's bad. I like the way you said that though because it makes it sound like you went and bought a bunch of mice
He left food out period
And we got a bunch of my face. That's bad, but I've heard that one before
This other things new to me and exciting
Um so what's the question yeah, so is he an alien? Yes? Yes? Yes, yes, yes, yes
With my life. Yes, okay move on Cory. Congratulations. You had a et experience
Come on
Um oh god way in the back waving the tube way in the back wait. Yeah. Yeah, you're pointing to them
Yeah, and then they're coming down the aisle right now. Yeah, come on down
All right, and anyone who didn't get picked you're probably think about it later. Yes. I don't love you as much as
That's not true. I love you all so much. Hi. What's your name? Hi? Hi Emily. I love your shirt. Thank you
Love yours um thanks got a nice. I'm glad we built this report
Mm-hmm
Tell us some other stuff you like about us
Please don't it said when she bought her shirt. I made it 80 cents
Maybe she made your shirt. Did you make this shirt? Thank you so much good design?
So I got it
I'm a female security guard at a truck gate. I am basically the only
Female there, and I have to deal with a lot of truckers, and so what's a truck gate like a weighing facility like it?
It's where like can you get a little sorry can you local something?
It's um where vendors will bring the food for supermarkets
And a lot of these truckers don't talk to women normally
but I'll check them in and out and like I write down their purchase order numbers and
They all think that I'm super like
Enchanted by them because they don't see a lot of women
Wait hold on they exist on earth though, right? What's up? They don't cease to exist when they leave your truck gate, right?
They see women other places
They don't act like they do
So they see you and they go
Oh like sometimes like if it's raining them like oh, man. It's your shirt in rain like oh, but
Either way some of them are really gross some
So no, it's it's very upsetting um you know it sounds like it
I'm saying it with this tone because if I said it with the tone
I feel that would be a down into the podcast. I'm saying it up here
I lied about having a husband once I went on my husband like that and the guy like leaned over went
Oh, I don't even care
That is not my question my question Jesus Christ a real God who has saved me from that being a real question
They all tend to call me things like sweetheart hon, babe
And it's yeah, it's real gross um
um, but I recently started responding with like no problem sport no problem champ and
Wait hold on is your question. How awesome am I doing? Yeah, the answer is very awesome
Can we hey can we come to you for advice? Yeah?
My question is what else can I use because I feel like I need it happens so often
I feel like I need more than just champ and sport okay, okay?
You have to understand that we would never have thought of something as good as the thing you've already thought out
You could keep going like slugger kiddo tiger
Dill weed
shit fucker fuck you
Boner bone you put no boner wouldn't work
I feel like that would cause bone folders
What don't worry can I can I try no problem dad
Just see just fucking see where it go wait wait that might maybe pop off pop off
I
Don't want to go down that avenue so bad
What if can I ask you a question you run the secure security guard at the gate?
Can you just if they're like yeah, thanks a lot, sweetie. You're just like oh click
I'm outside. I'm outside with them. Do you have a gun no Jesus Travis?
Don't be ridiculous. Do you have a taser? I don't I have a big flashlight. That's very hit him. Yeah
No, you don't have to hit all of them
But if you hit one word gets around Chuckers love to talk
You know I called her sweet. She's not very sweet. She's not very sweet. I was wrong. I caught her pumpkin
She is no pumpkin. I have she's a human being with big flashlight. I
Thought she was a baby angel. It turned out. She's actually a human being with a very large flashlight
Never gonna believe this
Do you remember do you remember that sugar dumpling I thought she was a sugar
It turns out she's a person and she's very strong
She has a flashlight she knows how to use it yeah, she's yeah, please get the word out to other truckers
And you know what listen this is how wild other truckers, but if this
If this sugar baby angel could turn out to be an actual living human being
Well, we can't really run the risk that others could be too. What if they all have flashlights?
What if all women have flashlights? What do we do there? What do we do there? We can't run that risk
May we just play it say cool. Yes, let's say for me cool. That's the big horn
They have so anyway. I guess our answer is flashlight one of them, and I'm sorry for any repercussions
for us
That is going to do it for us. Thank you to the Wilbur. Thank you to Paul and AEG
CAA and
Everybody thank you Boston. Thank you Boston like y'all. It's an amazing city
And you're all you're always so kind to us. We really appreciate it
I think we've done more shows here than like any other venue ever and it's like seriously like the fucking best every
I'm I swear to God. I'm not just saying that it's fucking great. Thank you all so so much
Hopefully hopefully hopefully we got to see some of you before the early show we have to I have like a 4 a.m.
Flight and so I'm we're not gonna be like hanging out or anything after the show
So we got to meet a bunch of you beforehand and thank you for being everybody was very cool
Do y'all want a final yahoo answer?
Oh the last thing I'll say just in case you miss it on the way in are there still posters ball
Probably probably still
Posters, they're specific to this tour so like you won't get a chance to buy them anytime else
We're literally gonna throw a minute wood chipper
so please
Don't make us carry posters on Roger come along winters for the use for the use on it's an aperture. Well well
Thank you to
fucking
The DJ hero soundtrack for the song that we used to fix up look sharp Genesis remix, okay, so
The final yahoo a cinema the delivery man Seth Carlson. Thank you Seth
It's from yahoo answers user
Andy who asks
Our lobsters Italian
My name is Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy
It's been my brother my brother and me kiss your dad square on the lips
I
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported. Hey, this is Griffin McElroy. Hi
This is Rachel McElroy, and we've got a new podcast on maximum fun called wonderful wonderful
It's an enthusiast podcast where we talk about things that we're excited about and things that you're excited about things like
overalls
24-hour pseudo fed the grand prize game the fact that wombats use their butts to kill predators the soundtrack to the movie dick Tracy
The beach potion we call Bud Lightline all these things and more every Wednesday
And we'll also talk about things that you're excited about you can find us on maximum fun org or iTunes or wherever
I don't know just search wonderful Google it you'll probably get there
