The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome to my brother, my brother, me and advice show for the modern era.
May the fourth be with you. Set those phasers to stun. Let's talk about the Kentucky Derby.
I'm Justin McElroy. Wow. A lot going on in that one. Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy.
Yeah, I guess this is all of it then. I think the creation of Star Wars Day was so that the nerds
would be so hung over from whatever it is nerds drink like grog. Klingon Ale. Klingon Ale that
they wouldn't be able to participate in Cinco de Mayo and they'd leave that for all the regular
people. Holy shit. OK, I know that you were saying you were having trouble finding like the line of
the winners, but I found just like lineup of the racers. I don't know what position they came in,
but here's a couple just really choice. Let me hit first off. Let's hit the big three. Yesterday was
Derby Day. It's our Super Bowl. It's our prom. It's our quinceanera. Kentucky Derby is the highlight.
It was my bris. It was my bris. It is basically the highlight of my entire year and one of these
years I do plan to get around to watching it. But number one, top of the pops, California Chrome.
Boom. Got that Kentucky Gold. California Chrome. That is a command. That's probably the most
commanding like it's the most baller name. I think the most commanding name is commanding curve,
which was the second place horse, which is, of course, place. I think is that they placed.
He placed. He placed. Here's some other. Uncle Psy was one of them. S I G H. Vickers in trouble.
Which I really liked. Danza. Danza was number three. He showed. Nice, Danza. General A-Rod.
Danzig. They had some fun with it. I mean, they always have fun with the names,
but there's a lot of homages this year and opportunity. Oh, boy. I like that one. Intense
holiday. I tell you who I'm disappointed to not see on this list. Orb. That would be Orb. I do
believe we have Orb joining us via teleconference. Hello, Orb. Are you there? Orb is here in your
primitive earth conference. Orb, I hear that you've retired from the racing scene and you're
just down and dirty full time stuff. Orb has retired from his physical form. You went now.
Hold on. Yeah, I was under the impression that you've been put out to stud that you're making
loved lots of beautiful lady horses. Orb entered as many lady horses as exist in the world.
Having fulfilled all lady horses in the world, he transcended to join the great consciousness
in the sky. Are you telling me that never again will a horse be born that does not contain a
strain of orb? Orb is all. Did you leave our earth human woman unsullied at least? Half of them.
Okay. I can't tell you guys how happy it makes me that yesterday we got no less than 700 tweets.
Like, guys, it's happening. There's horses. There's horses and they're mainstream. It's just so nice
to know that you guys think of us whenever you see any equine activity. There are many worse
associations you could have. Yeah. Nobody texts us when like Ghostbusters is on. Like, hey guys,
Ghostbusters or Cake Boss for that matter. Yeah. Which I wish you would because I keep missing it.
Yeah. When is it on? I don't know. 712 AM on JMC. It's like AMC, but- Speaking of AMC,
I woke up at six in the morning with my wife who had to go to work very early. And what was playing
on AMC was Mad Men. Can you think of anything you are less equipped for at six o'clock in the
morning than watching Mad Men? What audience are they trying to reach with these very early,
like, kids pulling up some Cap'n Crunch to get their Don Drake- Quiet, Mom! I gotta find out
what's up in the ad world. You get back in the kitchen, I'm gonna punch you in the vagina like
they do on Mad Men the show. I've only seen like four episodes of Mad Men. Fair enough. But I hear
everyone says like, I fell off in like season three because just the way they treated women
just got to be too much. So I assume like the three episodes in season one I watched were
pretty goddamn brutal in that respect. So I do assume that at a certain point fucking Jon Hamm
just like gives ladies just the old hoochie haymaker. That is basically what the show has
devolved into. He's now in like a lengthy court battle where he's trying to assert that he had
an identical twin named Bob Braper that was going around actually punching all the vaginas. It's a
class action lawsuit of Jon Hamm versus a thousand women. And he had to hire the attorneys that
defended the cigarette industry and it's like whoa circular back on itself times a flat circle.
Yeah. Did you guys introduce yourselves? I said I'm Justin Matthews. We did. We should just start
like doing the show. Oh let's just do the show then, right? Sure. Cool. It's episode 199. Well
fuck what are we doing? Oh should we? I mean we had this idea for two hundo. It's nothing big.
Um we'll we'll plan something big for three hundo or four hundo. Maybe even five. Why don't we have
five hundo? Yeah say five hundo. We'll plan on something big. We'll do something big for five
hundo. Um but I think we did this before if if we ever gave you advice and you did shit with it
first of all shame on you. Shame on you. Listen to this claim right at the beginning. You're not
supposed to do that but if you did um I don't know it might be fun to hear from you so why
don't you drop us a line let us know how that how that worked out. Yeah give us the follow-up email.
But look episode 200 follow-up in the subject lines we know that it's from you and let us know
how it worked out and please let us know like what your fake ass name was. Anyway let's help some
new people. 199 episodes. That's disgusting. I can't believe it. Fuck this.
Fuck you. Fuck all this. And you know what I'm out. And you people were angry that we were late
last week like seriously um and I saw a lot of tweets are like McElroy brothers late again.
We made 199 goddamn free as a bird episodes for you. How could you? Also we love you. Thank you
for listening. Thank you so much for listening. It's a dream. We really love you. You're really
special to us. Fuck you though for real. Fuck you though honestly. You gotta neg them. You gotta
pause them. You gotta draw them back in. When my husband and I go out to eat I usually have food.
We are robots. We get oil. Usually I have food leftover and I take it home with me.
I will either eat it for dinner or for lunch the next day. Okay if there's any left. There's a lot
of detail in here that I probably could have presupposed but let's continue. My husband always
finishes his meal and will partake of my leftovers at home if it the if it's food he likes. Did you
say ex-husband? This irritates me but he thinks there is no problem. Bros how should I handle
this issue? That's from sometimes starved in California. It is the only thing. It is the only
non-micasasucasa thing that happens when you get married. They should start fucking penciling this
in to the vows of every single like you know that like the placeholder vows for people who are too
lazy to write their own. Right. Like that should be in there like for sickness and health. If I'm
sick or poor you gotta stick with it. Everything that's mine is yours except for my goddamn
leftovers that I brought home from Chili's last night. I have found that I do not I don't do
leftovers really. I don't enjoy leftovers. I order food extra to have leftovers. That's the Travis
McElroy special. That's called that's called doubles and my wife won't let me do it anymore.
So I can't do that. I can only have half eaten. I tried to explain to her that if I have an
untouched meal in the fridge that's cool but if it's like half eaten and I have like my gross
yesterday bites or my mouth was yesterday I can't. Hold up. You're saying if your mouth
if your mouth has already hold on because the implications of this are enormous. You're saying
if your mouth if your mouth has touched a food item before you are no longer interested in putting
your mouth on it again you're a self-germaphobe. Do you just like order 10 burgers when you go to
Chili's every day and you take a bite of each one and my life day to day is basically like a
Natasha Bedingfield song. I'm evolving, changing, feeling the rain on my skin, growing. That person
I was yesterday has nothing to do with the new more enlightened Justin you find this current day.
I don't know what that guy was into. I don't know. Maybe he you know maybe he liked more
pepper than I do. I have no way of knowing and it looks sloppy. You look at it. It does. It never
looks great. It never looks the way it used to. If you just put it direct in the fridge because you
got doubles though then it's fine because it looks like a fresh meal that you're just heating up.
That's fine. That's fine. Now sometimes what I will do is I'll eat half like if it's something
that okay if it's something that has an exact half let's say a sandwich okay if a sandwich or perhaps
a pizza that has an exact half that doesn't have sloppy bites out of it then that is fine because
that is like oh I guess I got I only wanted half of this yesterday but I haven't touched this so
it is not a whole. Do you understand what I'm saying? It is a whole. It was at one time a half but it could
pass as a whole so now I can reheat my leftovers. I actually have a similar thing. I always catch
myself because I love leftovers but like if I go to a place and get a burger we've discussed before
that fries are so bad the next day but like doing a burger and fries I will fill up my box with all
the other stuff on the plate that I know I'm not gonna eat and then there will just be like a
styrofoam coffin in our fridge for like weeks. I saw a crazy way of reheating fries that apparently
is the best. You throw them all in a waffle iron and close it and it turns into a giant waffle fry
that is crisp and delicious. That's not really how waffle iron works. You can't really just
throw a tennis ball in there. Now that's a waffle ball but it has to be a very specific type of
thing. You fold it in half piece of pizza and then you waffle iron it and it apparently is like
waffle pizza and it's delicious. That's what I hear. It's not waffle pizza. It's burning pizza
with squares on it. It's fucked up. It's fucked up. You broke that pizza. I'm happy with my wife
eating my leftovers because more important to me than eating my leftovers is fridge space which is
always at a premium especially once we start to eat vegetables which are like the pushy layabouts
of the fridge world. The awkward corner uneven. Doesn't lay flat. Nothing stacks on top of broccoli.
Not really coming out that often. Not as often as like the pizza sauce or the mustard. They're just
kind of like in there showing off. Look at me. You have celery in your refrigerator. How are you?
How exotic. How exotic. What a big healthy boy. Is that a mango I spy? If Huntington's only vegan
stops by he'll be so impressed. Can you get food that your husband doesn't like? It's just you
shouldn't have. You shouldn't have to. This is crazy. If I did this to Rachel she wouldn't leave
me but she would punch out a number in a card that if it fills up 10 times then she'll leave me.
I get 10. I get 10 every time I eat one of Rachel's leftovers. I have to keep in mind like
what am I at? Six? Is this worth it? Yeah. It is. I do want the rest of that Jack Daniels
Bourbon Street steak. Yeah I will take that because we only eat at Applebee's. What the
fuck are you talking about? Sometimes you eat at Applebee's. I haven't eaten at non-Applebee's.
Regardless of what Friday Night Lights will try and tell you I have not seen a single Applebee's
here in Austin, Texas. Teresa and I do this. We eat each other's leftovers but it always goes like
this. Hey are you really gonna eat this? No I'm not. Go for it. Because like we'll both take home
stuff so as not to feel wasteful even if we didn't enjoy the meal. Even if it wasn't our jam and then
the other person eats it. I'm shocked to hear that Justin you're not in on this game because
as people who work from home for an hour out of your day your lunch hour you get a brief respite
from being inside your house and instead you're whisked away to a private Chili's booth and the
courtesy of your own living room where you can watch last night's Game of Thrones and eat half
a quesadilla. Like that's my goddamn jam. Oh you mean that for one day I don't have to eat a white
garlic chicken pizza hot pocket and I can pretend that I'm at Chili's again? Whoosh hop on my flying
carpet that's also half a quesadilla and come with me to your private Game of Thrones booth.
You get to play restaurant. No you don't you get to play Chili's. It's a very different experience.
I like to play Logan's Roadhouse because I can throw peanut shells everywhere. Yeah. And that is
really luxurious. I would love to see your your floor covered with peanut shells while your cats
walk around distastefully like oh they would not enjoy. How about a yahoo? Did we help at all?
Nope. No but I mean your handle I mean I think the 10 10 punch card system is good. Yeah that
seems good. Um this yahoo was sent in by Carrie H Bennett. Thank you Carrie. Uh this fucking yahoo
goddamn shit ass answers account has been suspended which is good I guess because back in the day like
if you suspended somebody's account all of their input on yahoo answers just vanished which is like
haunting right? Like think of all of the goddamn information that would just vanish from the earth.
All of the advice all the help. Oh I'm sure the FBI still has that information saved somewhere.
Yeah PRISM. It's in PRISM somewhere. PRISM's not going to share that shit though. Um boy I'm glad
we got through that without Snowden popping up. Uh so this suspended user asks. Excuse me?
Nope. God damn it. Did you need me for a question about intelligence? No we actually need Justin back.
I he's now he's busy. There is no Justin only Snowden. We're splitting leftovers.
Um this suspended user asks. Leftover secrets. Okay. I told him half then he told me half.
They're split secrets. All right here we go on with the show this suspended user asks.
You guys didn't see that but I was drinking a glass of water the entire time. Yeah it's
very impressive. It's hugely impressive. Horse related baby names. Does anyone know some horse
related male baby names? The only thing I can come up with is Colt. See I was gonna say Winnie
but if it has to be for a boy. Win? Um uh. So isn't that the guy the guy from Arcade Fire is named Win I think?
That could be shit for Winnie. How about Hoofster? Hoofster's not a name. I think they're looking for actual names.
Main man. Okay that's a nickname. So you're just saying horse parts. Legs. Shoulders. Haunches.
Haunches. I call them haunch. Haunch that's okay. I think I could put that slide as a name.
Um I'm gonna throw I'm gonna throw some name spaghetti at the wall. Well to be clear this is
name spaghetti that was crafted artisanally in the Yahoo Answers bistro. Um Katie responded and said
Derby. Uh that's apparently America's most favorite favorite famous horse. Is that true? No. I don't
think no. I feel that there was a word left out of there. There's the right there's right horse race
probably. Um Philippe which is a variant of Philip which is apparently Greek for lover of horses.
Again I have to question whether that's true. Uh Garone. A Garone or Garan? G-A-R-R-A-N is a type of
horse. Is that right? Yeah but it's also not a type of name. Hippolyte. No. I guess. Come on.
Horsley. God forbid that child is fat. Sorry wait Horsley? Horsley which is apparently a horse a
horse meadow it's called a Horsley. Um Marshall caretaker of horses. That's okay okay yeah. Sort
of horse horse adjacent. Yeah. Uh Nashua also the name of a famous horse race that won a famous race
horse that won the Kentucky Derby in 1955. Man back in 1955 they didn't know what the fuck they
were doing. What am I going to call this horse? Nashua. This one's name is Charles. Now this one's
name is grandfather sock drawer. Oh weirdo get out of here. Get out of here. This fucking guy
with his weird name. Come back with a grown-up name. Um here's an awesome horse name. Are you
ready for this? Yeah. Style. No no hear me out it's from uh uh Piers Anthony series and the main
character s t i l e. It's a fucking awesome name. Yeah it's not at all but what would the last name
be? Give me a last name that style works with without sounding like a porn star. Shades guy.
Style shades. Hi I'm style guy and this is my dick. You're checking out my dick on the porn internet because
that's what I am. I'm a porn internet. Uh how about stoddard? That means horse guard or horse herder.
Stoddard's pretty good. Hey but yeah but like what's the last name? That's the thing you gotta
think of like it's Stoddard Johnson. Nope that's that internet porn star. How about Horace?
That sounds kind of like horse. Okay uh then Colter Colton great Bronco that's not gonna work for a child.
Oh no unless he's giant. Colton i n apostrophe is another option. Colton. Colton. Hi I'm Colton style
guy. This is also my dick. Welcome to the information superhighway of pornography.
I'm Bronco haunches. I'm Bronco haunches. Welcome to my internet pornography web show.
Uh Appaloosa stop it. Yes please. Use your bods to download my bod on my new prodigy based web series
broncohaunches.gocities. 2400 bods it's my new internet porn series you know for men
pornography on the internet. Caspian. Downloadable. Jutland. Finally finally we can download our
welcome to Jutland mail pornography website on the internet. Boys only boys only hang up the
phone mom I've got a web connection here. Oh man. Why do people want to name their baby with a horse
thing? Why can't it be a baby thing that and give him a horse later? I didn't follow that sentence
at all Justin. Give him a horse later like a real horse like hey. Don't give him a horse name like
if you want him to have a spiritual connection to horses just get him a horse if you're so big into
horses. Or just tattoo him early on. Oh listen horses are expensive names are free. That's true
names are free. Um how about just naming him horse lover? What about ed? What about oats?
I don't like that. That worked for for Holland.
That was a terrible joke that wasn't the name of the man. I'm glad that you said it though
because I was about to. It was two men and his name was Darryl. What about Darryl? What about
Darryl? Darryl Oats style guy. This is what I would love if the person named their kid something
that had to be explained over four steps like I named him Darryl because I love horses. I don't
follow Darryl like Darryl Oats like oats like horses eat because I love horses. I'm gonna go.
I'm sorry you wasted your time. I named my son Shrek. Why did you name your son Shrek? Because
Shrek loved Fiona in in the movie Shrek and Fiona apple and what horses love apples so Shrek. Kevin
Bacon. You could also just say like Shrek had was friends with a donkey and a donkey's like a horse.
No no you can't say that. That is not the logic chain I used. Donkeys are horses with attitude
problems. I recently signed a deal to publish my first novel but there's a problem. My book contains
a fair share of graphic sexual content. Yes it does. What should I tell my family when they
inevitably ask to sample some of my work or should I just not tell them about the book at all? I don't
want my family to associate me with the golden showers and butt loving. Man I hope you bring
that kind of erotic lingual ability to your novel. Come come over here you giant stud and give me some
butt loving. Give me some of that funky butt loving. Give me some funky butt loving and then maybe
maybe we'll make water. That was so erotic that my chair broke behind me.
Come on over here and join team whoopee. We're about to make some. We're gonna get down and dirty
and have some sex. Get ready for some sex team whoopee. Grab my jello jigglers. Um jello? Jello
jigglers. Um that was from excessively erotic in east bay. If your family asks to read it just say
like have you ever read game of thrones and it's like oh no it's way too filthy and way too like
okay cool I didn't get published I lied. I didn't get published I just have money I have a source
of income now from um. I'm a jiggalo. A jello jiggalo. I'm a jello jiggalo. Um listen water sports
though in your book. I don't really that's not like my thing and like we've learned to become
very accepting and stuff. I just it just because he wrote it like George R.R. Martin isn't necessarily
into like fisting and incest. But he is. I mean he is but I'm saying not necessarily like sure
somebody else wrote. I'm not saying this person's into it I'm just saying how how how does that act
this will be a fun little exercise how does the act of romantic water sports translate to the
written word. I imagine there's a lot of a lot of uh release a lot of use of the word release.
Like golden teardrops falling from the ceiling his pee pee filled the air.
Pee pee on me Daniel pee pee right on me. But then it progresses the plot because then she
becomes worried that he's too dehydrated and he won't be able to complete the battle the next day.
She just got stung by a jellyfish. I haven't read the book. You can just plan to follow whatever
pact of like uh ignorance or perhaps avoidance that we are apparently practicing with our noni
who we've been told on several occasions listened to our program but has never felt obligated to
bring up some of our more ribald material in polite company. Just hope for that really sweet
unspoken agreement where you know that they know they know but nobody mentions it. That's a great
that's that's exactly it they will know that you wrote a pee pee butt loving book but they're not
gonna say that to you because they can't handle that conversation nor do they want to seek it
out with it. Or unless unless they read it and they come back and they're like that was fucking
awesome. That was a I loved your pee pee. Daniel your pee pee book was incredible. I couldn't put
it down. This is some hot shit. This is some oh man I was boned out for days. I didn't know that
listen we pee on each other all the time now because your book was so good. Your uncle Ralph
twibbed my acorn till it was raw. We loved it. Couldn't couldn't get enough. Daniel thank you for
freeing me and opening me up to pee pee. And thank you uncle Ralph for opening me up repeatedly
during the reading of it during our stage readings of your dirty pee pee book.
Great great job Dan. How much money did you make on this book? Enough? Enough to justify this
thing you did to us? This thing you did to the whole world? This just in CNN breaking news
everyone's peeing on each other. Good work Daniel. I'm Wolf Blitzer. That's him getting peed on.
Wolf listen I hate to bring you into the office like this. It's always awkward. You've got to stop.
You've got to stop getting blasted by pee. You've got to wait for the breaks.
But you have regular breaks. We have a core message here at CNN and it's about constantly
covering missing forms of transportation. Your message of someone get in here and pee on Wolf
Blitzer. Also we have to talk about the way you changed the title of your program to someone get
in here and pee on Wolf Blitzer. We need you to stop using the hologram machine to generate
holograms of dead celebrities that you pee on or pee through. Really? Really. You pretend it's all
over them. But you can keep the butt loving segment. That has gotten really high ratings.
That's gotten great ratings. Welcome to the Pissuation Room. Oh boy.
Crossfire. You don't even have to change it. You don't have to change any of the titles.
Anderson Cooper P60. There it is. I found it eventually. My fiance and I have a very similar
taste in television shows and pretty much watch all the same shows together. Only exception is
Game of Thrones, which I've been watching since it first aired. He's historically been indifferent
towards the show, but recently started watching at a convenience since it's Sunday night. There
are only so many sofas to sit on in our house. Anyway, now when we watch, he asks questions
throughout the whole show. Who's that? What are they fighting over? Are their two blonde siblings
flirting? Where did the dragons come from? It's a huge annoyance. I don't want to tell him to shut
up and binge watch the first couple of seasons so he can be caught up. He doesn't actually have
enough interest to watch the previous episodes, but I can't take all the distractions during each
episode now. Help! Man, I've watched that show since the beginning and I absolutely wish there
was a person in the room that I could do that to. Yeah. I just watched episode four, season four,
and felt I had missed like three episodes. It's like, hold on. Where is the, what is the,
just have him read a synopsis like on Wikipedia. This is the problem though with those because I
tried to do that. If I can't place a person, if I'm who's this guy, you go to a synopsis on
Wikipedia except it's based on the character of the books. So you read one sentence too far and
it's like, and then he transforms into Iron Man and kills everybody. Sorry, spoiler alert,
meant to mention earlier. And you know, if nothing else, before you start the next episode,
make dinner. You guys sit down and have dinner. And as you're eating dinner, just run through
like, so here's where we're at now. And kind of give him a rundown as you understand it.
So then he's caught up with where you are watching the show or watch it twice. You could watch it
twice once as sort of like walking him through it and once to just like for yourself. Yeah.
Cause Teresa on far less confusing shows, she and I have done that like a doctor who was one where
like, you know, she started with me in the Matt Smith era. So I gave her a rundown of everything
that had come before that. And, and, you know, now she goes back and watches the other episodes,
but that way she could still watch it with me when it came on. And it was an experience we
shared together. You do it. Rachel and I did, cause I read the books and then I was pretty well
versed in it by the time the show came on. So I didn't find it super hard to follow, but it is,
it is an intimidating show. I mean, there's 800 characters. What you can do is watch that one
episode where the smoke monster from lost comes out of that girl's pussy. And then,
the other person will not want to watch the show anymore. Then it's not, then the show is just for
you at that point. Once the smoke monster from lost emerges from the womb and like,
it's kind of a weird cameo and also a weird thing to come out of that woman. Then they're just going
to, they're done fall off. No more dragon questions. Okay. Listen, let's go to the money zone. You
have to take care of your mom. Mother's day is coming up and you can say thank you with the most
beautiful gift of a hundred blooms and a free glass vase from proflowers.com for just $19.99.
Think about how much you fucked up. Just like today and this month and the past year and also
and how much you intend to fuck up in the future. You don't even have to be planning to fuck up.
Just acknowledge the fact that you're going to fuck up and your mom's is going to like have to
deal with all of your shit. So this doesn't because you're the worst. You're the worst.
You're not the worst. It's just like how that's just life. You know, that's life. Everybody's
going to disappoint. Everyone's going to disappoint their moms. You're going to write a book about
water sports and she is going to have to go through. She is going to have to read it because
she's supportive and then she's going to have to look you in the eye at breakfast at brunch on
Easter next year. Here's even better. You can upgrade that. You get a hundred blooms with a
pink vase and chocolates for just $9.99 more. But you got to use the code my brother. Okay. You go
to proflowers.com and there's a blue microphone in the upper right hand corner. Click on it and type
my brother all together and you're going to get this crazy great deal. And I just ordered yesterday,
ordered some flowers for Mother's Day for my brand new mother-in-law and I did not go with
the hundred blooms. I went with a different one and still entered the coupon code and still got
like money off. Wow. So still got a discount. Even. Special pro tip. Yeah. So we did that too
for, for, for my mother-in-law. So like spoiler alert, Linda. You're getting a hundred blooms.
Luckily I know that Becky does not listen to this podcast. Linda, we are about to make it rain
sweet blooms from the sky, from the heavens. Wear these special glasses. They'll keep the blooms out
of your eyes. Uh, we have some proflowers that we got a hundred years ago and they still look
amazing. These are the greatest flowers you will ever have. Proflowers.com. Go to the blue microphone,
type in my brother. Don't let your mom down. Get her a hundred beautiful blooms. Um, you got to do
before Friday, this coming Friday, May 9th at midnight. Um, so, so pick them up today. Go now.
Go do it. Well, wait. Well, bye you fools. Do you guys know what I spent last night doing?
How many guys eating hot pockets and watching television? Uh, no. Nice try, but we made, uh,
chimichitos. So don't even trip on that. I don't think you said that word. Who's chimichitos? No,
chimichitos. It's a combination burrito chimichanga chimichitos. Uh, uh, they're delicious. I'll make
you guys. I've made them for you guys before. Actually. One of you has had chimichitos. I think
it was Travis. Remember the packets of tortilla with the chicken and salsa in the middle and
they were on enchilada sauce. Keep going. Okay. Uh, no, I spent the night watching the prophet
with, uh, Sydney, which is this really, really great, uh, show on CNBC. I know about a rich guy
Baptist who goes into your, um, failing business and then buys half of it and then takes it over
and calamity ensues. And it's our favorite thing right now. Uh, my man, Marcus Lemonis from the
prophet tweeted at me and Sydney last night for being such devoted fans. It was a highlight of
my year and I could only find those episodes. There was one place I could find them. That was
on Hulu Plus. That's the only place I could find those episodes. Okay. HuluPlus.com saved my goddamn
life. And they don't just have the prophet. They got a family guy, Parks and Rec, Tonight Show with
Jimmy Fallon, Community, South Park, like every episode. Those are the shows they give us a list
of shows they want us to mention, including original stuff like the, uh, like Deadbeat,
the show about a pot smoking guy who talks to ghosts. Those are all great. There's also, uh,
every other show there's like, what do you want to watch? You want to watch Solitary?
Arguably the greatest reality TV show ever made. Do you want to watch like a hundred seasons,
back seasons of Survivor and the Amazing Race? I saw a preview on there for a show called Endgame
that I desperately want to check out. Endgame, the one about the, the chess master that solves crime?
Yes. Yeah, it is my jam. Okay, I'm going to check it out. And also they, they've got a movie coming
out on Hulu that's, uh, starring a friend of mine's son, uh, called Complete Works about this kid who
competes in a Shakespeare competition. It looks awesome. Go check out the preview. Uh, yeah. So
Hulu Plus, uh, is fantastic. Everybody loves it and we can get it to you for free. Normally it's
eight bucks a month, which is such a steal, but we can get you two full for free weeks, full access,
totally free. Go to hulu.com slash my brother. That's huluplus.com slash my brother and you can
get two free weeks of Hulu Plus. It is a steal and you will love it. Um, I have a special message
for Corin Bauer, uh, and the message is from husband. Husband says, happy birthday, honey.
This will probably reach you mid-May as I waited too long and these guys were booked up on personal
messages until then. Dog, you get 350 characters to explain yourself and you just spent half of it
explaining our scheduling issues. Uh, which is, I mean, it's fine. It's your time. Uh, early May
though. Thanks. Still knowing these guys, Emma Bim Bam, they never get around to doing personal
messages on time anyway. So who knows when this will reach you. It should have typed more running
out of root. Anyway, love y'all. There's nothing. There's literally nothing. Um, I know it's
Corin's birthday and she has husband and she has a husband whose name is, I'm not even gonna say
a husband. He may just be husband number one or husband number two and he does not have a gift
for concision, but he seems like a sweetheart. He seems like a real sweet, sweet guy. He was mean
to us twice. Really mean to us twice and wrong. Mean and wrong, which is a pretty great combination.
You mean wrong guy. Um, but thank you for letting us share this special moment with you. Happy
birthday to you, Corin. Happy birthday, Corin. You think Corin or Corin? Probably Corin, right?
Probably Corin. It's probably Corin. Happy birthday. Uh, any other birthday messages here? Oh,
I see one through my magic. What's that behind the cabinet? Oh, got a special message here for
Steven from Christine. Christine says, happy birthday, Steven. Sorry I can't be with you on
your birthday. I hope the message from the McElroy brothers warms your heart. Thank you for 8.5
wonderful years. Can't wait to make it official. Also, thanks for introducing me to these hilarious
brothers. They make the distance between us just a bit more bearable. Have a great day.
I'm Casey Kasem.
Hey husband, consider yourself on blast. Well, what you don't know about this, Griffin, is that
Christine and Steven have been together for 12 years, so that's on us. Thanks for 8.5 wonderful
years and 3.5 shitty ones. She requested this message the day we started this podcast, basically
200 episodes ago, and we literally did just find it behind the cabinet. Like, oh fuck, oh no,
it's covered in spiders and shit. But, uh, happy birthday, Steven. Happy birthday, Steven. For
real. You think Steven or- Happy birthday, Corinne. Stevin. Stefon?
Justin, what are you doing?
Uh, strapping a, uh, chicken in my arm. Heard there's some, uh, plague out west,
so I just wanted to, you know, kind of get out ahead of it.
Justin, if you'd ever listened to our medical history podcast,
Sawbones, where we talk about everything from trepanation to bloodletting, you would know that
that is a ridiculous idea, and it will never work.
Sawbones? I haven't caught it. Sawbones?
Yes, it's every Friday on the Maximum Fun Network, and we record it together.
The doctor or something?
Yes.
Here's the best transition ever. Y'all want a Yahoo?
Hit me.
Yes.
Uh, sent in by Sean Conrad. Sean, it's by Yahoo Answers user, where's my skew, who asks, do Steve
Urkel and Laura Winslow from Family Matters end up dating each other or getting married?
I know there was a Stefon whom Laura ended up almost marrying and who was played by Jaleel White,
but I'm talking about the Urkel character. Who, um, who played Stefon on Family Matters?
Hahaha. Do you mean Stefon Urkel?
Um, also, does anyone know Family Matters is on DVD? I checked Amazon,
but I only saw the first season was out. Ruster locked away in the goddamn ABC vault.
Let him out.
Let him out. Let those Family Matters out.
Free the Family Matters 5.
So I got this, and I was reading some of the responses, and I thought, oh,
this is Yahoo Answers users being crazy. For instance, Yahoo Answers user Korean Kid said,
Laura and Steve Urkel finally decided to get married, but Steve Urkel had to go out to space,
and then when they came back, everything was back to normal. So Steve and Laura got married,
and then they had sex. The end.
Uh-huh. That's fan fiction?
Yahoo Answers-
That's canon.
Rachel says, uh, yes, they started dating at the end of the last season. Steve had proposed
to her, and she had accepted. In the series finale, Steve had to go to NASA for a bit,
and it just left you at where- Laura told Steve she will kiss him only on one condition. Steve
will have to promise to quote, never go into space again, and he says, only when we kiss Laura Lee,
only when we kiss, and that was it. Hey, that's kind of crazy, uh, kind of crazy,
basically slash fiction that Yahoo Answers is spinning. Fast forward 60 seconds after
some Google searching, that's actually how the motherfucking series Family Matters ends.
What?
Steve Urkel, in episode 214, goes into space. Episode 214, Lost in Space, part one,
goes into space because he wins a science contest, and NASA, I'm reading off the website
tvseriesfinale.com, says NASA decides to test its artificial gravity field invention on the shuttle
launch. They offer him the chance to become the first student astronaut. I don't know why NASA
was shut down, basically. He and Laura agree to postpone their wedding, so apparently they were
engaged. After six months of training, so covered a lot of ground this episode, Steve goes into
space. Things go wrong, and it looks like he'll be lost in space forever, but Steve cleverly comes
up with a way to save himself. Apparently fucking Eddie goes to the police academy. Harriet's
worried that Eddie's gonna get shot, and that's exactly what happens. He gets a gut shot while
serving as a meter maid, but he was, fortunately, he was wearing a bulletproof vest. What? That his,
that Carl Winslow gave him, and then Harriet says, okay, it's cool if you want to be a cop.
Steve comes back from space. Uh-huh. Laura says, I'll only kiss you if you never go to space again.
He says, I will only go to space when we kiss, or something like that, and that's how fucking
Family Matters ends. All of that makes complete sense. This is like, I thought I watched Family
Matters. I thought I watched every goddamn episode of Family Matters like I did for Boy
Meets World, but apparently I fell off at some point, and shit went fucking Roseanne alt reality
crazy. Yeah, apparently there was, like, this show got away from me, like Richard Kimball on the
fugitive, like Family Matters is like hiding in abandoned dog houses and shit, staying away from
me so it could conclude this crazy arc that they have developed here with Steve going into space.
This is like completely out of my sphere of consciousness. But do you think that this falls
in the realm of, like, the writers and creators really wanting to end the show, and like ABC being
like, no, it's too popular. We gotta keep it going. You gotta write another season. And they're like,
okay, sure. I got one for you. Yeah, okay, how about this? Space. Not to mention the fact that
by the time that Family Matters wrapped, there were only like three goddamn people left on that
show because everyone kept fucking bouncing. Everyone kept on diffing and taking right off
and not being on the show anymore. But not Waldo Geraldo Faldo, right? He stayed on.
I think he was on. He's a lifer. Jamie Foxworth out. Not interested. The mom just gonna go ahead
and recast her. Joe Marie Payton recast as Judy Ann Elder. Never explained ever. The twins,
the twins have been bounced. The grandma they pulled from the show without explaining it
because they thought she was going to die. They said this actress is going to die. We can't have
that happen again where somebody just disappears and shows up as a different person and we're
supposed to pretend like it doesn't fucking matter. She went to space. Only I won't figure
out a clever way to get myself back to Earth. Me and Minkus, they're going to travel up to space
together. I'm going to have a cameo in Gravity. Look for me floating through the sky. I have a
hard time in my mind separating the grandmother from Family Matters and the grandmother from
Dinosaurs. Which one was which? I know this isn't our traditional thing. If talking about Family
Matters isn't our traditional thing, I frankly don't know what our traditional thing is.
I have a close friend who makes really poor decisions. Given a choice almost without fail,
the wrong one is chosen. Driving while intoxicated, going home with guys she doesn't like and finds
gross, lying for fun, etc. Watching her go through this makes me feel terrible and gives me a lot of
anxiety. Is there anything I can do to improve the situation? I'm a guy who just makes a difference.
That's from Concern in California. Well the driving while intoxicated, you know,
the other shit is like she's going to let her go on her life adventures. She needs to experience
the joys of youth while she still can. The driving while intoxicated, that's just foolish.
Bump that. Yeah I drive. I don't need her out on the road. Yeah. You know it's hard.
It sounds like you got to be friends with her like knowing what kind of person she is. She
doesn't seem like she's fallen on some hard times recently where she's making some bad decisions.
This seems like kind of her thing. I'm not sure that there's a lot you can do in that case or
like should do because that seems to be the type of person she is like and you decided to to become
friends with her. I don't know that you know it's right for you to try to like shape the course of
her life. You're not like her karate teacher. You don't see something promising in her you can mold.
I mean realistically you have three options, right? Option A is you accept that this person
is just this person and you're friends with them but you're not their boss and you're not their
mentor. Option two is you stop being friends with them because you don't approve of their
lifestyle choices and option three is you confront them and say hey you're making really shitty life
choices and if you don't shape up I don't think we can keep being friends. Does anyone ever do
that? Has anyone ever I don't think anyone's ever intervened for me and like there was a
time there where I ate hot dogs for basically every meal. I was like the guy Jimmy from the
whitest kids you know in that one sketch where he talks about eating seven hot dogs a day.
That was basically me and nobody ever like stood up to me and said Griffin I love you. You bring
so much joy to my life and you're a treasured neighbor and friend but you gotta stop eating
so many goddamn hot dogs all the goddamn live long day. No usually people just do the slow drift
where it's like they start hanging out with them a little bit less and they start talking to them
and then suddenly it's two years down the road you have no idea where that person lives anymore.
No no I mean no I mean yes you're right no you don't see that person anymore. Yep. It's a bummer
but like if somebody's if somebody's fucking up this much this bad like you either intervene and
you bounce. Yeah I I but but do you want to intervene? It doesn't look like this person is
asking for help. I mean I I don't I don't know that you have an obligation or like no I don't
mean an obligation like nobody has an obligation to do stuff but like I don't know that it's you
know I don't I don't know that there's a way unless someone is asking for your help for you
to help them in a way that isn't going to be judgmental and isn't going to create a rift.
I don't think that there's a lot of those opportunities out there. One thing you definitely
do is dd for this person as often as you can you know what I mean stay sober and drive them home
just because that's that's something you can actively do you can say hey do you want to ride
to this party together and that way like you know that she doesn't have a car there and she can't
drive drunk and you can dd for it. Aside from that the other things. That's good and everything but
that's bullshit that like you have to fucking babysit this person just because they're they
don't know no I agree I'm saying if you're looking for something to actively do and if you're looking
for something to actively do listen you're either gonna intervene or walk away so you tell this
person I'm gonna walk away if you don't get your shit together and then if they don't then you walk
away and if they do then you know maybe this person has a chance. If you walk away it may not
feel like it but you may actually still be helping them because you become part of their rock bottom
story. I drove away all my friends blah blah blah blah blah blah that you you don't especially the
anxiety man I I don't know there are times in my life and and I'm currently in one of them where
like every day for me is just a battle against like getting overtaken by anxiety or being plagued
by anxiety and if someone is introducing that into your life I I think that is one of the more cruel
thoughtless ways for a person to live and that that to me if that person knows that they're that
they're making you feel that way and not doing anything to alter that behavior that's not someone
who cares about you and not someone that you need to invest your time and energy into. I'm not making
you anxious am I? Not this exact second but when I'm trying to decide on what I want at Jimmy John's
and you do the Jeopardy music thing I hate that and it makes me feel that way. It's so funny though
oh the Jimmy John's guys like love it they like they are every time and they give me a free slice
of probolone. Stops giving me probolone. I think he said probolone. It's provolone-y um it's actually
pro provolone it's probo probono probolo it's probrono probolo you got it so I know none of
that was funny especially this weird cheese rant at the end yeah here are some things a
probolone sounds like sorry about your friends sounds like I'm alone. How about a final yahoo
well not a final yahoo we have those those are um grandfathered in this one was sent in by
level seven yahoo shaman and emerald member true davenport thank you true it's by yahoo answers
user marie antoinette oh god who asks omg do spiders hold grudges yes so I saw a spider on
my window please tell me if the spider is dangerous or not he was small and black uh
but I don't think it was a black widow and I blew on it and it just froze there like he stared at
me so I shook the blinds and he crawled away what if the spider remembers what I look like and tries
to crawl on me while I sleep what are the chances of a spider crawling on you while sleeping
how to get the spider out of my room nothing involving touching it please well no every
muscle in my body yeah god bless is your arachnophobia like public public knowledge
travis is more scared of spiders than literally anybody I know oh god the idea of them is so
upsetting to me and in this question the two things that are most upsetting about it is a
a spider crawling on me while I'm asleep and not knowing about it but b a spider going I'm
gonna get that big fucker yeah blow on me did you see that bearded guy he blew on me fucking looked
at me like I was trash I'm looking at that I'm trash I'm looking at that beard looking at beard
now like it might make a good nest I'm gonna live oh god I knew that I I'm not afraid of spiders
but the sound my wife makes when she encounters a spider terrifies me more than anything on earth
that woman shouts like she has just seen the jigsaw puppet emerge from her closet and I every
time especially if I'm not in the room but if I am in the room like I I will burst through a door
because I assume that I'm going to have to put my two akito classes to use because I assume that
she is about to be killed by the jigsaw puppet that is the sound you say burst through a door
do you mean into the room into the room or out of the room depending on the scenario
Justin unless your bravery game has gotten much better from when we were kids and a
bat would get in the house and then you would like fucking craft I said nothing about rodents
or flying rodents that is like the opposite end of the spectrum if that happens I move
bugs are not like we have stink bugs right now because they're they're apparently just loving
it at our house and they that doesn't bother me at all I I nothing bugs and bugs bugs nope bugs
do not bother me spiders it's the way they move their weird eight legs the way that they kind of
raise up and sink down and like do all their shit and then they can drop down from the ceiling and
just seem to like hang in the air on their weird spider silk poop it's the worst the fucking worst
I don't want to get emails from people saying like oh I've got tarantulas and spiders a great
pet no they're not spiders and all the bugs and they're all they can hover like David Blaine
and you know what I don't have a problem with spiders outside that's their space I get it man
when I'm out there I'm somewhere I don't belong but when they're in my house isn't that weird
how that works if I if I see a squirrel as I go about my day today nothing if there was a squirrel
in my house I would light that pile of oily rags I keep in the basement and burn that
motherfucker down it's in a glass box that says a case of squirrels in case of squirrels
I have special insurance that covers me in case of self-arson I got special self-arson
insurance just so I would have that option available to me Mr. McElroy we think we found
the source of the fire it was a giant pile of rags that had been dumped in gasoline we found
the charred squirrel body we found the charred charred you got him you got it but here's the other twist
it's still alive Pet Sematary 3 coming theaters June 2016 that's our family I don't think that
family's coming for you I don't think I can wait that long you're gonna have to it's still in pre-pro
Stevie King's still writing the the story I don't think I'm afraid of anything anymore
it's only death not even that I got over that like whatever I read an interview with Tim Ear
in the Huntington Quarterly Tim Ear is a local newsman here in Huntington they said Tim what
scares you the most and he said I'm not afraid of anything and now every time I see that motherfucker
on the news I just think look at that little tough guy look at that fucking Tim Ear fearless
fearless now he's the man without fear he's fucking daredevil yeah he's daredevil I'll go
in to get the scoop yeah it doesn't matter halo bullets Tim Ear doesn't care whatever not afraid
of anything how do you stop someone like that you can't can't stop Tim Ear I'll say yes I won't stop
I'll say this there was one day where he took off the news station sick which I knew because I was
friends with a lot of people who worked at the news station he took off sick and then I was at
Marshall University going to a class and I saw that motherfucker jogging and I saw his face and
he looked at my face and we recognized each other I gave him a look like you're faking sick huh
fair as a fucking Bueller and you thought he would be afraid but twist was not and he looked at me
called the news station to say he'd seen you breaking story I'm not sick I'm jogging fucking
get over it don't like Griffin hold this over my goddamn head then he took your leverage what do
you have now you have dick you have nothing he's got a podium he reaches 10 to 15,000 people every
week every night he filmed me jerking at once he put it on the news now who's afraid now who's the
fear master he said as he shared the video the b-roll of me and the bit was pre-recorded so then
you're living your window open and he jumped through it he murdered me and he did not show
any fear the whole time he was not afraid he wasn't like a cold black eyes like a doll's eyes
nothing nothing there he's like sharp and that's the ballot of Timmy he's a very intrepid reporter
but there's just nothing there there's nothing there behind those eyes certainly not fair
certainly not you can't stop Timmy here but you can stop our program uh unfortunately we've come
by turning it off when we start talking about Huntington local celebrities and you come to the
end of our our uh show again we hope you had uh have as much fun listening to it as we have had
uh recording it for you i wanted to say thank you to the people out there who are tweeting
about my brother my brother and me using the mbnbam hashtag uh people like Brad Merck good
idea Charles Sam Schneck Lucas Polanski Cheetor Splinter Ethan Chiel Aaron Todd Allison Tim Haydock
neighbors Madeline Osgood Don Bell Bravo Alpha Alex Lockwood Tiffany and Mark Rodriguez Geeky
Lindsey Gregory Glass so many others um and reminder go check out all that awesome shit
that we talked about on Hulu Plus earlier um and you can get that extended free trial that's two
weeks free if you go to uh huluplus.com slash my brother trust me it's totally worth it
um i want to thank John Roderick and the long winters for these four theme songs it's a departure
which is on the album putting the days to bed uh i just bought a bunch of like i went garage sale
and bought a bunch of record player shit i have records but no record player so i'm looking
forward to to putting putting putting the days to bed on the old spindle giving giving her play
the way it's supposed to be heard in analog audio you get to hear all the crisp boops and beeps
i make sure if you think about it if we if we've uh answered one of your questions and uh
helped you out or you've uh unfortunately followed our advice in any way email us and let us know
make sure to put in the subject line uh a follow-up or 200th episode something to delineate that it is
for the 200th episode i more want to hear about the shit that didn't work yeah yeah that's the
fun shit that's what people come for griffin uh last question i'm ready oh oh actually very fast
remember boat party dot busy atlantic ocean comedy music festival they've got some new uh music group
announcements coming tomorrow i guess so keep an eye out for that but you want to go ahead and get
your tickets now uh you're going to jamaica in july and it's going to be amazing you can get all
the details what's the complete list of people are going to be there including our dear friend
john roderick at boat party dot biz griffin uh also go listen to the other max fun shows
oh that's right yeah uh lady the lady goose down song exploder international waters they're all
great and they're waiting there for you cool uh final one this yahoo was sent in by which one
do i want also saw bones also saw bones is pretty saw bones t-shirts are up on the max fun store
you can go get this by the way if you want them oh and i gotta keep remembering things with our
live show coming up we're gonna have a bunch of new merch there so you should be really excited
because if you're coming to see the show you're gonna get the first chance on all this new shit
and it's really awesome justin russo did the art for it he's done tons of art for us but it's really
amazing you're really a lot of those will be up on maxfundstore.com so you can go get them also
please send in questions to those live shows we need a hundred thousand of them it's gonna be the
craziest best worst day ever um just the best day actually not worse anyway finally yahoo uh this
one was sent in by michael r thank you michael it's by yahoo answers user jackson who asks
do you have to pay all credit card bills when you die
oh i'm justin mcroy i'm travis mcroy griffin mcroy it's been my brother my brother and me
kiss your dad square on the lips maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported
hey i'm jesse thorn hey i'm jordan morris we're actual friends and actual professional
broadcasters we host jordan jesse goh a show about you know friendship being a person yeah we run the
full spectrum from feelings to some of the most vulgar jokes you can imagine and honestly putting
it that way makes it seem like it's half and a half at best 25 75 it's definitely mostly vulgarity
but it's a pleasant friendly vulgarity from two guys who went to a reasonably prestigious uc
college why don't you try the show out now grab one with one of your favorite comedians like a
rob corddry or rob delaney or whatever or somebody awesome that maybe you haven't heard of yet
yeah go to maximum fun.org or your favorite podcasting app
and download an episode of jordan jesse goh now
