The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother, my brother and me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm that sweet baby brother in 30 Under 30 Media, Luminary Griffin McElroy.
Just sounds like you're scatting.
Do you know who did that?
Scatman.
John Williams, that's right.
John the Scatman Williams.
John Williams, feet the Scatman.
Happy birthday, John Williams, turned 86, still cranking out the hit.
What is this intro?
Wow, it is an intro about the Olympics. Folks, the time to sign up for the Olympics
is drawing close. You don't have much time left if you want to sign up to do an event.
Some of the events are already ended, so those would be a little tougher to get into.
Yeah, they can retroactively get you in. Talk to Troy.
Yeah, talk to Troy at the gate.
He's got the red backpack and talk to him and say,
I want to do the big jump.
And Troy will say, well, they already did the big jump.
And then you say, please.
And he says, all right, get up there.
Then you do it the best anyone's ever done it.
They go and they take the gold medal away from Germany.
And they're like, sorry, Griffin did better at the big jump.
He was a walk up.
And then you tell everybody the story about Troy and Troy is fired.
Because rules are rules, Troy.
But they can't take your gold away from you.
They cannot take it.
Well, they can take it away from whoever did legally win it and give it to the walk up.
And there's really no time limit.
I actually got Kristy Yamaguchi's gold medal from, what was that?
Nagano, I think.
And this was like three weeks ago.
It's amazing how few people take advantage of all the rules loopholes in the Olympics.
There's a lot.
I was reading a book by Matthew Lesko about all the rules that are just left on the table
that nobody claims.
If you hold an event in your backyard and call it the Olympics and you win one of the events,
they have to give you a gold medal, like an official one.
Did you know that?
And then you can just turn around and you shouldn't because it's a nation's pride.
But you can just go sell that dang thing for probably like 200 bucks.
No problem.
Did you know that you can go and compete in the Olympics as your own sovereign nation?
Now, here's the thing.
Let me be clear.
It's not as easy as it sounds because you do have to establish your own government
and your own Magna Carta or declaration or what have you.
It does have to be recognized by the UN.
But you can just go and be like the nation state of Griffin and just compete as Griffin.
I've been thinking a lot about what event I want to do this year
because I did miss the big jump and it's such a hassle finding Troy
because sometimes he doesn't have the fucking backpack on.
And I think I might do Tony Hawk's downhill jam.
And this is his new event that he has going on based on the very good 2006 video game.
And it's sort of a mix of jump, ski, slalom, stunt.
And then halfway down, there's a half pipe.
And then at the end, you withdraw the rifle you've had on your back the whole time
and you shoot some cans out of the air that Tony Hawk throws up there for you.
I love it.
That's interesting.
I'm going to be-
Oh, also you have to cross country ski to the top of the hill,
but that's not really part of the race.
That's just to get there.
Right.
I'm actually going to be speed running Taboo the sixth sense for the NES.
Interesting.
Yeah.
And that's a tarot card simulator, so it's not necessarily going to be competitive.
I guess you have to wait for the medals to be distributed in the coming years
as you see who's reading of the cards was the most accurate.
Right.
So it takes a while to get it, but it's an investment.
And it's so subjective, the scoring on that one.
I feel like I'm always getting boned.
That's why I like the downhill jam.
It's just me, my board, my cross country skis, my guns, and Tony's cans.
I think this time, my wife and I have been training,
Teresa and I have been training really hard in the competitive couples asynchronous napping.
Yeah.
Where it's like, I'm going to nap now and then I'll get up
and I'll take care of the baby and then you can nap.
Yeah, and the longer you can spread that out, the better that is for you.
I thought I was going to end up on the podium
because I went down at like 9am one day, early nap.
And Rachel didn't nap until 11pm.
And what happened?
I didn't win anything.
Travis, thanks for fucking rubbing it in.
Well, you started the story.
Yeah, I know.
And then I didn't have an ending for it.
And I didn't think anybody was going to call me on my bullshit, but here we are.
I might also do curling.
Yeah.
Yeah, I forgot that this occurred until this is kind of a persistent delight
that pops up every time the Olympics comes around,
is that there's one called Skeleton, which is fun.
There's like bobsled and downhill alpine and skeleton.
That's just like xylophone playing, but it's your own ribs.
Yeah, right.
You got to play your own ribs.
No, what's great about it is it's basically like bobsledding,
but it's the tiniest possible sled.
Yeah.
So it's like this heightened awareness of like,
yeah, I will just name it after the thing that I'm going to destroy as I'm going down.
Somebody looked at bobsled and said, not dangerous enough.
Well, I have this luge.
No, no, no.
I want to be a centimeter off the ice with nothing around me.
I wanted a sport where if I sneeze while I'm doing it, I will perish.
That sounds very, very fun to me.
Hey, I thought of a really fucking good parody song this morning
while we were watching the Olympics.
Can I tell you it?
Yeah, please.
It goes like, so I'm a parody-dor.
I'm a lusher, baby.
I'm a lusher.
I'm a lusher.
Sorry, the microphone I have sometimes has trouble with the quality and fidelity.
So I'm worried that you're hearing it and you actually think I'm doing a Pitch Perfect version
of Beck's loser.
But instead of saying loser, it's lusher.
And then what's the next line?
So why don't you thrill me?
Because you're so excited to be out there.
So Al, get at me.
Al takes our calls.
He was in our TV show.
I'm assuming he would take our call, right?
I have to imagine.
Hey, brothers, I have a moral dilemma.
I was talking to Al Jarreau, actually.
He's getting into the game.
I think he passed away.
Let your losing down.
Let your losing here to stay.
Make it easy, easy.
Let your losing down.
Hey, brothers, I have a moral dilemma.
You don't get to do your Al Jarreau enough.
My fucking dope ass Al Jarreau.
I'm so glad.
I need 393 episodes.
You can hide your light under a bushel.
To finally get to do my fucking great Al Jarreau.
I'm just so glad.
It has brought such a tickle to my heart
that you were able to do your Al Jarreau finally.
Yeah.
We lost Al Jarreau, oh my god,
exactly one year upon you hearing this.
Holy shit.
It's exactly one year ago.
What a touching tribute we've been able to have.
This is our touching accidental tribute to Al Jarreau
who is very good at singing.
Hey, brothers, I have a moral dilemma.
I have been debating whether or not
to put a Nintendo Switch on my wedding registry.
My fiance is on board as she is the one who suggested it.
So nobody's there.
My problem is that I feel if people see an expensive toy
on there like the Switch,
they'll feel we really don't need anything
and not give us as much presents.
I'm sadly against putting one on for this reason.
Am I making too big of a deal out of it?
That's from fiscal fiance.
You can work around this just by asking
for like a $250 GameStop gift card on your registry,
although I don't think that necessarily skirts this dilemma.
Could you ask for a gift card for an exact price of the Switch
for like Target or Walmart or something?
There's other places you can, yeah, for sure.
I mean, you know me, I'm brand loyal.
Once you're in the fuck, once that GameStop.
Once you're in the fuck.
Once you're in the what?
You said once you're in the fuck and then you stopped.
Once you're in the fuck of GameStop.
I'm just saying once you're in the fuck,
I can't really get out.
Hey man, I'm at GameStop.
Well, how's it going?
I'm deep in the fuck.
It's brutal over here, man.
Way down deep.
I'm just saying, you sling enough reservations,
you sling enough Game Informer subscriptions,
you can't just get that out of your blood, you know?
I mean, I did legit last night have a dream
where I worked at Best Buy again.
I have that about once a week.
Yeah.
I haven't worked at Best Buy since 2008.
It has been a solid decade.
It's the lunar cycle, bruh.
Those blue shirts coming.
So you could say that your dream is to work at Best Buy again.
Literally.
No, it's often an anxiety dream.
I got you.
In which everything has gone wrong
and I've had once again to turn to the big blue embrace.
Yes, I think it's fine to do a cute one on your registry,
wedding or baby or what have you,
because a lot of times I look at somebody's registry
and I think, God, I don't want to get them something so poor.
Like this is all so poor.
Even though I'm not getting it,
it bores me to like look at the page and think about it
and then click it like, oh yeah, you can steam all your shirts.
Every time you steam a shirt, you could think of me.
No, just like, but like switch and be like,
hey, that's fun, thank you, looks like a fun gift, I'm excited.
Most of it feels so perfunctory.
Like you see like a thing for like, oh, we need nipples.
And it's like, I can get you nipples.
And that point is just like, yeah, I got you some rags.
And I know you need, and that's not a joke,
you need hundreds and hundreds of rags for a baby,
not so much for a wedding.
I forgot what the question was about.
But if I see a switch on there,
I know that if you were, that's the only thing on there
that you really want to get.
The other stuff you need to get.
And I think I would be, I mean,
I'd probably want to split it with some folks
because it would probably be one of the more expensive items
on the list.
But like, I would know that I'm getting you something
that you're going to be very excited about,
which is like the point of gift giving.
I do understand this question though,
because like I have encountered this many times in my life
where someone will say like, so what do you want?
What can I get you?
And you say something like, you know, pretty out there,
pretty like, I'll tell you what I want.
What I really, really want, a couple of chia pets.
And they're like, no.
And I'm like, oh, that was what I wanted.
But I guess you know better.
I think the switch is also helpful here
because it is such a strong experience for two players.
Anywhere that you and your new spouse are out and about,
you can enjoy some Puyo Puyo Tetris
or what have you, some Superclips.
There's the Dr. Phil marriage counseling game.
That one's really hot.
It's rated M.
Who will let go first?
It's rated M for mature
because of just all the cussing that Dr. Phil does.
You gotta fucking love each other.
I don't know what Dr. Phil sounds like.
Oh man, I know it's gonna fix your marriage.
I've got it all figured out.
You gotta plug in the Yoshi amiibo.
Mini games.
Do you know on the back in the day
when we were trying to get this show going,
I made business cards for my brother,
my brother and me that I left all over town.
And it had a web address where you could listen to the show
and it had a quote ascribed to Dr. Phil.
And the quote was,
it's like listening to three invisible Dr. Phils.
That was my, I said, I did that.
And I was like, good enough for a business card.
Let's go ahead and get 500 of these
and get the word out about this show.
And I guess you look at us today and I guess it worked.
So what I'm saying to you is do exactly that.
I showed a friend that business card
and they expressed concern that he might sue us
for attributing a quote to him that he did not say.
And my response was, can you think of the publicity?
How amazing would that be?
Yeah, the best possible thing.
I didn't put this switch on your registry.
I think it's fine.
I don't think, and if anybody sees this and says,
well, I'm not gonna get them a present,
you uninvite them from the wedding
because they sound like a real square
and it sounds like they hate Mario and his brother Luigi
and their best friend Yoshi.
Do you think Yoshi is equal best friends
with Mario and Luigi?
Or do you think it's the kind of thing
where like Mario is friends with Yoshi first
and like, yeah, he gets along with Luigi,
but if push came to shove, you know whose side he'd be on.
Okay, who is Mario's better friend, Luigi or Yoshi?
Let's take a moment and think about this.
Oh shit, or Toad.
Where does it fall, okay.
Toad is not, Toad is nobody's friend.
Toad is tolerated because they need him around harvest time
to pull all the onions out fast.
If Mario is the Vinny Chase of the Mario World entourage,
yeah, absolutely, I'm not doing this with you.
Then I think Luigi's drama, right?
Cause they're brothers.
You're saying Luigi's like the heat
that everybody's all in demand for.
That's Vinny, Vinny, Vinny, Mario's Vinny.
Johnny Drama, his older half-brother
who once had a TV show, but now is in demand.
Oh, can Bowser be turtle?
No, I think Bowser would probably be.
He looks like a fucking turtle.
Might be Paramy Jivins.
Can we not have Paramy involved in this project?
I don't think Paramy's in this project.
No, Paramy's fine.
He's in the Bizarro version of Jeremy Piven?
Awesome, dude.
And so then the question is, is Toad E or is Yoshi E?
I think Yoshi would be E and Toad would probably be turtle.
I'm just gonna start reading the next Yahoo.
But don't you think-
And Travis can continue going.
And the cross talk will be unbearable.
But here's one-
But then who's the director guy?
From Merritt Palmer.
Thank you, Merritt Palmer.
It's from Yahoo Answers User Collection who asks-
Walsh might be Waluigi?
How to get Pac-Man dots off monitor.
These, and then a bunch of periods.
I want to eat these.
This is a great point,
as long as we're gonna talk about video games
a whole bunch this episode.
I have a trouble playing Pac-Man's little quest
that he goes on, and Ms. Pac-Man.
Sometimes, Griffin, I can't tell if you're still reading the Yahoo
or if we've spiraled into Griffin's brain now.
No, we're in here, in here in my mind.
Because I watched the Pac-Man eat all these dots
and I'm excited for him,
but you do it enough and you start to get jealous
because you start to wonder what do they-
What do they taste like?
What do they taste like?
What is the texture like?
How is he not, is he not getting full?
I've made him eat so many of these dots.
Are they not filling?
Are they like little pop chips?
I always assumed they were like corn pops,
like the cereal corn pops.
That's what I imagine they tasted like.
You get jealous from seeing the dots
and then soon that turns into anger
and then you just run Pac-Man right into those murderous ghouls
just so he can feel this thing of death
and you can feel some sort of release
from this cycle of jealousy that you're stuck in.
You don't know how to get to the dots,
but at least you know Pac-Man is not going to eat them all
before you figure it out.
Right, you need to leave those dots.
Do you think the dots are maybe
like some kind of prescription medication
that Pac-Man has to take?
I cannot imagine a dosage, a doctor in the world
that would prescribe a dosage that's just like
as many as you can eat before the ghosts kill you.
Can I ask a question?
Yeah.
Can I do a smash on the monitor to get the dots out?
How do you mean?
Think of the arcade cabinet for Pac-Man.
Okay, slow down, slow down.
Okay, you have start button, you have coin slot,
you have Pac-Man move stick,
and that's more or less it,
and then you have the art and you can't eat that,
and then you have the monitor
and that's where the game lives inside of that.
Yes.
And it just seems like if this person wants to get the dots off monitor,
you need to get in the monitor somehow.
So if you wait, and I think you do it at the beginning of the level
when there are the most dots and the fewest ghosts,
because that's the problem.
You can do a big smash right on the monitor
and get all the dots out and be careful of the ghosts.
That's the only problem I plan as I'm seeing it right now.
If I smash up the monitor with my big fist and then I get those.
If you wreck it.
Yeah, and I get those dots out,
are the ghosts gonna get me?
Is Pac-Man gonna get you?
If I was Pac-Man, I'd be very upset that you did that
and took my dots away.
Yeah, you got into this natural environment
and you took his food away, and Pac-Man's a big wild beast.
You know, fuck, I've been watching a lot of Blue Planet
and you make an excellent point, Gervin,
in that yes, Pac-Man wants to eat the dots,
but the ghosts want to eat Pac-Man.
I should be rooting for the ghosts here.
It's the circle of life.
Yeah, those ghosts have to eat and obviously they didn't
and that's why they already died.
And we should even talk about the fact that
how did Pinky and Blinky and Inky and Stinky and all them
get killed in a terrible passion?
Then the game never really explores that.
Like they were just like-
They're actually the ghosts of every Mario and Luigi
who's died in a Mario game.
Whoa.
Whoa, damn.
Yeah, crossover.
Hank, big news.
I don't wanna talk about Pac-Man anymore.
What about, but I didn't even get to my whole thing
about Adam Sandler's pixels, Justin.
I didn't even get to talk about pixels.
Isn't you say that?
Doesn't that cover it?
Yes.
Back when I was about seven, I was at a dinner in my hometown.
Just the one in in there.
One more again.
Back when I was about seven, I was at a diner in my hometown
and I was enjoying a crisp tasty water with a lemon wedge.
Hey folks, this is a quick break from me to you.
When you get a drink at a restaurant,
even if you're getting a soda,
go ahead and ask a lemon wedge in there.
You're gonna be shocked at how much that spices up
that cola or water.
It's a real treat.
And sometimes it may look a little funny
if you ask for it with that coke,
but trust me on this one.
I remember taking the lemon wedge out, tasting it
and saying to no one in particular,
I love lemons.
A complete stranger leaned over to me and said,
if you eat too many lemons in a day, you'll die.
And then turn back to their meal.
To this day, I can't enjoy a nice lemon
without the thought of imminent death looming over me.
Why did this complete stranger say this to me?
What do they know that we don't?
And how can I finally get back to my pre-lemon fearing days
and that's from lemon dread.
The thing about it is,
if you eat too much of anything, you'll die.
Because how are we defining too much?
And I would submit it's the number it takes to kill you.
Like that's too much lemons would kill you.
So yes, but too much of like waffles.
Not me.
Serrano peppers, marmalade.
I could eat a million lemons and not-
You could eat a million lemons.
How many lemons?
Okay, do you think you could eat enough lemons
to kill you before you passed out?
This is a weird line that I don't know
necessarily what to explore.
This body horror, this seven-esque gluttony.
Man of earth's fears.
Yeah.
What?
Okay, this person said this
to plant a flag in your memory with their face on it
so that one day you would write into an advice show
and talk about this strange thing
that they said to you one time.
They are your constant.
They are a performance artist is what they are.
This is a very-
You are their most successful exhibit
because I don't think you need to worry about eating a lemon
and passing away from it.
I literally don't know what else to say about this question.
Do you guys-
Do you have any memories from childhood of someone-
I remember once, so I took Ritalin
and then later different versions of ADD medication growing up
and I remember once a health teacher,
mind you, now this is at the time when health teacher
was synonymous with gym coach,
but a health teacher telling me in elementary school
because I took one of my pills without a drink,
told me that if I continued to take pills without a drink,
it would get stuck in my throat and give me throat cancer.
How did that-
Wow.
That's a good health teacher.
Yeah, that's maybe the worst possible subject teacher
to tell you that falsehood.
Yes.
This is the same health teacher I believe that
because I used to write notes on my hand in ink
that I would get ink poisoning.
Hand cancer.
I would get hand cancer.
Sort of a one arrow in their quiver it sounds like.
I wish you had told me how you responded to this person.
That's the thing I really want to know from this story
because if somebody told me this,
I think I would just try to make myself as small as possible
until the situation resolved itself.
They probably react in the same way every child does
appropriately when a stranger talks to them
and it's silence and returning to your business.
People got to be careful what you say to kids.
They remember once I was at Bob Evans farm
and an old man-
Once I was at Bob Evans farm-
You have to start that thing and take a run up to this thing.
I got to start over.
I lost my mo.
I once was at Bob Evans farm
and an old man couldn't get his change
out of the soda machine.
And I went over and I was probably 10
and I went over and I helped this old man.
I got his change out and I handed it to him.
And he said, thanks young man.
I'll dance at your wedding.
And I was like fucking so tripped out
for the rest of the day.
Like, what does he know that I don't?
Why would he say this to me?
How will this old man find me?
How will he know I'm getting married?
I didn't give him my name.
How will he notify me?
And for, I would say like, I mean, I remember,
I'm 37 years old now.
I remember this moment like with perfect clarity
where I was when this adult said this weird shit to me.
Can we please just like say normal things to kids
and reduce our idioms and our metaphors
when talking to children?
Did he turn into a beam of light after he said that
and shoot into the heavens?
No.
Did you see him at your wedding?
Drank his, drank his cherry Coke.
Oh, he would have been long dead.
He was an old, old man
and I was not married for two decades later.
So I'm sure.
Okay, but be honest with me for a second, Justin,
for a second on your wedding day,
if you look, 100% guaranteed, no question,
this is also another vivid memory
is being towards the end of the ceremony
and having the fleeing thought like, huh, didn't see him.
All right, well, enjoy your change, I guess.
And then Sydney transformed.
Yeah, my crane, why?
Is it?
That's what that song is about.
Is it a possible, I think maybe just,
definitely don't talk to a strange child
who says something at a restaurant
in the booth behind you.
Like, I love lemons.
That was the thing that activated this person's mind
to say like, my turn to speak.
Like, that's wild.
We were at a grocery store yesterday
and they had a cart at the front that had,
I had never seen these before.
They had a two, like a plastic seat in the front
so that you could strap two kids into.
It elongated it by about a foot and a half.
So piloting it is a utter disaster.
And it's designed for two children,
but Charlie saw it was like, hell yeah, yeah, absolutely.
I think I'm gonna ride in that weird carnival shopping cart.
And we didn't want to
because they're miserable to push around.
And also she's one child
and I couldn't deal with the pressure
of people looking at me like, huh, two seater for one kid.
Interesting.
So we were arguing with her for,
it felt like about three hours trying to get her out.
And this other woman who had a daughter
roughly Charlie's age leaned over to Charlie and said,
actually that one's got a flat tire.
And that worked instantly.
And that woman is my true homie for life.
I tried to give her a blood debt
and she was, I didn't know exactly how it worked.
So I ended up just kind of walking away.
But like, I will never forget this person.
And that is a rare instance where like,
maybe this person of what I'm getting at
is maybe this person saw something on your parents face
where it's like, again with the fucking lemons.
This kid always eats lemons and it's so weird.
And the person at the other table was like,
no problem, I have got your back.
But they didn't.
Let me take care of this one for you.
I have just the right thing to say.
And then they went back to their home
and they looked in the magic mirror
and they said, am I free yet?
Am I free from the curse?
Have I saved another child?
They went back to their orange farm.
It was like, fuck yeah, I did it again.
Another one.
No, we got another one guys.
We're gonna be king of citrus mountain before you know it.
Are you saying that oranges and lemons
are competitors in some way?
They occupy two completely different
sort of eating experience fields.
What I'm saying is if the custom was to have an orange slice
on top of every fancy drink you ever had,
that'd be a pretty good day for the orange people.
We've got blue moon.
How do we expand?
We could get into water.
No, everybody knows what goes, wait, yeah?
I've got an idea.
What if little guerrilla marketing.
Yeah, we tell people.
I go from soda fountain to soda fountain
just yelling that lemons are bad.
Yeah, it sounds a pretty good idea, Mark.
Get out there, Mark.
Get out there, Mark.
You start and we'll follow you.
Grassroots, Mark.
Street team.
You're gonna take a quick break now.
Get our duckets in a row.
That's not saying, anyway, it's somebody's-
I liked it though.
It was almost a turn of phrase.
Yeah, I want to tell everybody all about me on these me on these.
They make underwear for TMI, man.
Yeah, I don't get it.
Yeah, what's TMI?
Too many ideas.
So that's worse.
That's worse.
Yeah, so no, no, no.
Hold on now.
Give us another one.
We got to move on.
We got to move on too many.
And I don't want to have to do another make good like last week.
Me on these offers the just the most comfortable underwear of all time.
They also offer matching pairs, which are a unique fun gift for you and your Valentine
or you and your whoever your best, best bud.
You and your boss.
No, no, your boss.
No, no, no, your principal.
They are the perfect balance of comfortable fit and exciting prints to help you and your
Valentine look great.
Don't spend another Valentine's Day giving the same old gift.
Check out me on these.com and find the best match for your match.
We have a couple of matching pairs from me on these, and it's a lot of fun.
Wait, hold on.
We do?
No, I mean, okay.
And they're really fun to wear.
I also like right now, actually, I'm wearing their lounge pants, which I don't think are
included in this particular bullet point, but I can't say enough about these very comfortable
lounge pants.
All of it's made from the softest materials on Earth.
They're talking three times softer than cotton soft.
This Valentine's Day, get your partner a fun, thoughtful gift that's comfortable for the
both of you right now.
Me on these has an exclusive Valentine's Day offer for our listeners for any first time
purchasers.
When you purchase me on these matching pairs, you get 20% off and free shipping.
Me on these is so sure you'll love their underwear.
They offer 100% satisfaction guarantee.
If you don't love your first pair, you get a full refund.
So to get your 20% off your matching pairs, free shipping and a 100% satisfaction guarantee,
go to me on these.com slash my brother.
That's me on these.com slash my brother.
This will be the best Valentine's Day gift you will give.
Start matching your bottom half to your better half.
Go to me on these.com slash my brother right now.
Count it.
That was really good, Griffin.
You did a great job.
Good job, Griffin.
Oh, come on, please.
Please, you flatter me.
Trav, do you want to read this one?
Sure, I do.
Postage rates have gone up again.
That's all it says.
Weird.
Anyways, Let's Stamps.
Let's move on to the next one.
Yeah.
My name is Greg Williamson with a special message on my brother.
My brother and me.
Postage rates have gone up again.
Bye.
Letstamps.com keep your rates down with postage discounts up to 40%.
Discounts you can't even get at the post office.
Buy and print official US postage for any letter, package, and class of mail using your
own computer and printer.
Then the mail carrier picks it up.
No more trips to the post office.
Wham bam.
Totally done.
Easy.
You won't have to worry about letters anymore.
Well, I don't spend that much time worrying about letters.
Oh, it's like every day, three hours a day in one solid chunk.
Start to finish one o'clock to four o'clock every day.
What am I going to do with these letters?
And now I know.
Stamps.com.
You can enjoy the Stamps.com.
You took too long.
Stamps.com service with a special offer that includes a four-week trial plus postage and
a digital scale.
Just go to Stamps.com.
Click on the microphone at the top of the home page and type in my brother.
That's Stamps.com.
Enter my brother.
What?
Enter my brother.
Just gross.
No, I meant like an Osmosis Jones way.
I have a message here.
Oh, it's about Sedgwick.
You know what I said, Nick?
You said Sedgwick.
No, I didn't.
I said Sedgwick.
Thank you, Travis.
It's a dream folk band.
Start over.
Start over.
I fucked it.
Why do I have to start over?
You're the one that sucks.
Yeah, I'm the one who fucked it up.
So I'm not starting over.
What word did I leave off on?
Band.
Based in Chicago, Illinois.
Sedgwick is a dream folk band based in Chicago, Illinois.
Using their roots in folk music and influences from alt rock and electronica, Sedgwick explores
emotionally stirring themes via complex vocal harmonies and sweeping symphonic soundscapes
that has been described as haunting, evocative, beautiful music by WGN Radio.
Listen to the album, Collapse Now, and find Sedgwick on social media.
That's at S-E-D-G-E-W-I-C-K.
Band.
That's their Twitter handle.
Listen to Sedgwick's full-length studio album.
I did say full-length.
And you also did say Sedgwick that time.
That was Sedgwick.
That one was Sedgwick.
It's Sedgwick.
Listen to Sedgwick's...
Listen to Sedgwick's full-length studio album, Collapse, on Spotify, SoundCloud, iTunes,
and find out more at Sedgwickmusic.com.
Okay, I figured out the problem.
Listen to Sedgwick's full-length...
Sedgwick.
Sedgwick.
Do you like music?
Sedgwick, we're very sorry.
Sedgwick sounds like you're saying Sedgwick with a baby accent.
And I understand that now.
I get it.
And that's not on Sedgwick.
It's a great name.
And this music does sound evocative and powerful.
It's just we fucked it up.
And then we kind of went down our own little hole.
We made the hole, and then we were baby people, and we made a hole.
You'll remember it now.
It's Sedgwick, not Cedric.
And I'm not speaking with a baby accent.
They're two different words.
I have a message here for Jessica, and it's from Graham, who says,
Dearest Magpie, you're the best thing that ever happened to me.
I'm so lucky to have you as my partner, best friend, wife, and baby mama.
Why are we all incapable of reading these like normal human beings?
My best friend, wife, and baby mama.
I'm grateful you said I will all those years ago.
Thank you for being mine, for the family we've chosen and built,
and for all our days together.
Love forever and always.
G.
P.S.
Great job.
I didn't even say that part right.
Okay.
Okay, Jessica, Graham, congratulations on your momentous love,
and it's the kind of stuff that's gonna move mountains.
That's all I have to say about that.
And it's, I'm really glad that Jessica, when asked,
will you help me hide this body, said I will.
Yeah, sure.
She's always down.
She knows the best spots.
She knows the game.
Griffin, read this one too.
You just keep doing such a good job reading.
Let me prepare, let me moisten my instrument.
Oh, God.
Were you reacting to your own phrase there?
Yeah.
Here's one for Jay, and it's from Tosca, who says,
hey, Jay, happy belated candle nights.
Those are pretty belated candle nights.
Thank you for being one of my,
thank you for being one of my close friends,
and introducing me to these good, good brothers
and the adventure zone.
Looking forward to more gaming hijinks, dumb references, and memes,
childhood crime stories, and hotel wrestle battles.
Love you, dork.
P.S., is this why you wanted me to read this one?
It is, yes.
Oh my wa mo shinderu.
That's, you are already dead,
and I believe it's from Fist of the North Star.
Okay.
That one, that one, that's fine.
That one's fine.
That one's not, yeah.
Oh my wa mo shinderu.
I'm sorry, everybody.
Did you include that so that one of us would say it
and then get dunked on on Twitter by people who are like,
nah, that's actually,
you've mispronounced the Fist of the North Star quote so badly,
and now I'm boycotting the show.
I'm Hal Loveland.
I'm Danielle Radford.
I am Michael Eagle.
And we are the hosts of Tights and Fights,
Maximum Fund's newest podcast dedicated to all things wrestling.
We'll be talking about Sasha Banks, the women's revolution,
Sasha Banks, the brand split, and Sasha Banks' wigs.
And we'll also be talking about wrestler fashion.
Some wrestlers wear too many clothes.
Some wrestlers don't wear enough clothes at all.
And I'll be doing impressions of all your favorite wrestlers.
New episodes Thursdays on Maximum Fund
or wherever you get your podcasts.
Oh yeah.
Dig it.
Here's a Yahoo that was sent in by Morgan Davey.
Keep it wavy, Morgan Davey.
It's from Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, something has gone wrong, but I'm going to refresh it.
And then it's still wrong.
So I'm going to say this is Flo from Progressive Insurance.
If you could speak as soon as you were born,
what would you first words be?
You've just been born.
What are your first words you say?
Thanks.
And Justin, I know that this is something hot on your mind.
Yeah.
Is it strange that we haven't discussed the fact
that in like five days or four days,
you and Sydney are expecting?
It's nobody's business.
I guess that's, I mean, it's going to be our listeners business
because we're going to have a live show for you next week
because Justin's taking some time off.
Yeah, just for the baby stuff.
Yeah, new baby coming.
New baby coming.
Drops this Tuesday.
I wanted to do, I wanted to reveal it on Insta,
but I guess.
All right, are you going to do like a name reveal?
Like a Kim Kardashian den?
It's actually Jeremy Jivens.
Yeah, that's very exciting.
So what is the, if you speak as soon as you're born
and you are able to speak and you've just been born
and you pop right out and then what's the first words?
What if babies could do this?
What if babies had nine months to think of like
a dope entrance line, but then they couldn't speak again
for, you know, 18 months or whatever
following sort of the natural order of things.
Oh man, wouldn't that suck if you popped out and you're like,
I'm so happy to boo here, fuck, I blew it.
Yeah.
What if they just popped out and said,
I like it, do what?
Oh my God, Travis, it's the best answer.
It's fair, it's a very good answer.
Ah, shit.
Before we jump in, I wanted to read a couple of these answers
because this is the most disappointed I've ever been
in Yahoo, I think, and that's saying something
because even when I'm not doing this podcast
or interacting with this website,
I am experiencing what I would call just sort of
a constant low frequency disappointment at Yahoo Answers.
This is the best answer.
It was voted best answer.
It's from Abby who says, please put me back in.
I don't want to come into this world, you can't make me.
That's the best answer.
Two answers down, Jim G, not the best answer.
Sorry I'm late, I hit some traffic in the birth canal.
Hey mom.
Hey mom, I like the hey mom at the end.
Wait, hey mom's very good.
Because that makes it seem like the baby is addressing
the doctor first, like, yo, sorry I'm late.
Oh, hey mom.
It addresses two different audiences.
It's a pretty good little joke construction there, Jim G,
but it's not the best answer.
No, Abby's is.
The best answer is the first one every 90s comedian
would think of, put me back.
It's not, it's nothing.
What if you, I think, okay, for this example,
I would have to think like me now as a baby being born,
because if the baby was just born,
sure they could speak English,
they wouldn't know what anything is.
So that doesn't work for the joke construction.
So I would wait for some good entrance line, right?
That I could respond to where like, they would say like-
That's good.
Okay, he's coming.
And I'd pop out and be like, that's what she said.
You know, something like that.
Okay, so kind of like what up at the moment.
Yeah.
That's, I like that.
Something where I can respond, like pop out and be like,
I'll have what she's having.
You know, something like that where I can really respond
and nail the timing.
Yeah, if your mom is like moaning from labor pains
and then you come out and you're like, I'll have what she's having.
Like that would be pretty funny for a baby.
That could be funny as fuck, dude.
President Bartlett's first words on the West Wing are,
I am the Lord your God,
thou shalt worship no other God before me.
Would that be a good opening salvo for a baby?
Yeah.
That would be very commanding.
You would run the room at that point, I think.
What if it's three triplets all trying to deliver their jokes
at the same time, but the cross talk makes it unbearable.
And then it would be kind of like,
listening to my brother and me as these babies show up
and they're all like, my wife, I'll have what she's having.
I'm the Lord your God.
Like, oh, guys, oh, guys, guys, can we break these up?
Can we separate these?
Can we do one joke per joke, please?
Because you do kind of a Joey Gladstone thing,
like cut it off and you're looking at the umbilical cord.
Oh, I like that.
Is that fun?
What if you went really topical?
Because like here's the thing, you're only going to do it once
and you popped out and like,
did you guys see The Late Show last night?
And you just made it like really specific,
but a good conversation starter too, a good icebreaker.
That's good.
I think I know what mine would be.
First, I'm going to look at the webcam in the nursery,
make sure the baby's not asleep.
Okay, he's not.
I think the seed hits the egg and then I exist while I'm taking...
Wait, hold on, let me think about what I'm saying.
Uh-huh.
What?
No, listen, life begins at conception.
No!
Hey, listen, one thing we want to establish here on our podcast.
Okay, hold on.
What is it?
With 393 episodes in, it should be clear by now.
The one thing I want is for our podcast to be entered as evidence
in a Supreme Court deliberations.
What do you want to go ahead and establish here, biblically speaking?
Surprise, you finally got to the twist.
You finally got to the twist of our podcast.
Every 390 fucking episodes, it's the twist, the turn.
I'm just saying, I have the thought, I know what I'm going to say,
and then it's just waiting.
The long, dark, damp wait, and it's just like,
oh, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready.
And then out I come as soon as the crown is out.
I think I'm not even fully delivered.
You hear me yelling, my name is Kid Rock!
And then I'm like, is Kid Rock still cool?
And then the baby magic wears off, I can't talk anymore.
But I didn't know.
No, Kid Rock, we don't really fuck around with Kid Rock.
That would be so dope if you got that far,
and then when you were two and a half, or three, or however old,
your first words were, Kid Rock!
That's such a long time for the drop to come, but it's so worth it.
It's so, well, it's kind of worth it.
It's a little bit worth it.
Could you get to, what about, I see you tremble with antisa,
and then three years later, patience.
That could be very good, too.
I think that your Tim Curry impression,
I think you'd have time to get good at it in there.
What a fun, I just love make and believe, don't you guys?
Just saying, we got these brains for reasons to make up imaginations.
Beautiful, thank you, Griffin.
Thank you, God, for the imagination you gave me.
Thank you.
What about, I'm the baby, gotta love me.
I'm the baby, gotta love me.
That's so good.
Yeah, that's the one.
I've showed enough videos of Baby Sinclair and Charlie at this point
that she's probably the only three-year-old on planet Earth
that's deeply into dinosaur clips on YouTube.
Why would you do that?
As an experiment, I think.
She got a Baby Sinclair toy for Christmas that we got off of eBay.
It's gotta be one of five left, right?
Yeah, definitely.
That's the one toy I tell her to take really good care of.
Because Daddy probably can't find another Baby Sinclair.
But Justin, Baby Sinclair is a character purely based off of being a baby
who A, does not get along well with not the mama,
and two, is kind of a monster.
If you think she has not come to me and say,
Daddy, let's play the game where I bang on your head,
and then you say, if you bang my head one more time,
I'm gonna throw you across the room,
and then you throw me across the room.
No, sweetie, we're not playing dinosaurs.
Does that happen in dinosaurs?
That happens in dinosaurs.
He throws his child?
He throws his child across the room.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I've been a dev for about 14 months now.
That's kind of day one stuff.
Yeah, I'm not saying I'm 100%-ing this, but...
It's in one of the great clips.
I mean, if you look at one of the great clips of...
Oh, okay, yeah, just found it.
It's the first result.
Here you go.
We're just gonna...
This is probably the third time we've sent clips
of the hit TV show Dinosaurs to each other.
If you wanna follow along at home,
youtube.com slash watch question mark V equals U for JTG5V capital X, capital Y, capital Q.
And you can see clearly here at the...
It's very obvious at the 17th second mark,
Baby Sinclair is thrown across the room by daddy.
Baby Sinclair is fine,
but that does happen in the hit TV show Dinosaurs.
Does the baby dinosaur and DJ Jazzy Jeff ever run into each other in the air?
Like, it happened again.
That would be so fresh.
And they trade, but he would be killed, right?
DJ Jazzy Jeff would not last long in this dinosaur-filled world.
I don't necessarily think he's got the skills required
to not be destroyed by the dinosaur's powerful jaws.
So should we do another question?
Absolutely.
Hi brothers, I'm very quiet at work and I haven't been there for long.
I'm also much younger than everyone else at only 23.
I sometimes think that my coworkers don't know how to take me.
In a slow part of the day today,
my adult coworkers out of nowhere started assigning everyone
SpongeBob characters based on their personalities.
Jesus fuck, oh my god.
When they got around to me, one of my coworkers yelled,
Krabby Patty, and everyone just agreed?
I'm so concerned as to what this means,
because Krabby Patty isn't a character, thank you.
It's just a sea hamburger?
Should I quit now?
What do I do?
And that's from confused Krabby Patty in Kansas City.
That is very confusing.
I would not know how to take this information either.
Now, is your real name something that rhymes with Krabby Patty,
like Stabby Daddy?
And then it's the rhyme that is just kind of undeniable.
And maybe the boss's name is Bungbob,
and so he of course got that designation.
Bungbob is a pretty good name.
It doesn't rhyme with sponge, but it's still pretty good.
Yeah, but I think it's a slant rhyme.
I think it's pretty good.
Wouldn't Sponge Rob rhyme better with SpongeBob?
I think I'm mistaken.
What about Bungrob?
We rented, there used to be a costume shop in town
for a theater thing once.
We rented an unlicensed SpongeBob square pants costume.
And it was listed in the catalog as Sponge Robert.
Which I think is like, nice, good try.
Please, Sponge Robert was my father.
I'm Bungrob.
You know, actually, there is no true one Bungrob.
It's a title passed down from father to son.
Yeah, that's why at the end of every season
of SpongeBob Squarepants,
he goes through a regeneration and he's voiced by a different actor.
The problem is, it does sound like they were dunking on you
for being crabby.
The problem is, if you had spun around on them and be like,
excuse me, the crabby patty is a burger, not even a character,
you would have like reinforced pretty hard, I think,
the crabbyness part of the crabby patty.
We should probably address the fact that this sounds
like an incredibly toxic work environment.
That is another thing.
Yes, and that's not so much a funny joke
as much as it is sort of a unfortunate reality.
And not just because for the obvious,
that's definitely hard, but it also sounds like on some level,
these people are uncreative and unfunny and unfunny.
Which SpongeBob character is everybody?
You can't stop working at a place
because the people in it are uncreative and unfunny.
Like you will be job hopping for great money.
You will be job hopping for quite a while.
I don't know, now I'm self-employed
and work with myself and I love it.
I'm self-employed, I work by myself
and the people I work with are funny about half the time.
I do not think that that is a good metric.
Wait, is that us?
Hold on.
No, me, the self-dunk.
Oh, I get it.
There's three of us, so if we're all funny half the time,
the show's always funny, run the math.
This is a, it's actually funny 150% of the time.
I don't know.
Now who's the Krabby Patty?
Okay.
This sucks, right?
This is like a broader question about like,
I work at a workplace where people are bullies,
I think a little bit in this very innocuous,
like passive aggressive way,
but like, that's what it is, right?
Like it's very rare that somebody is like pantsing people
at the place they work.
They just like set up these social hierarchies
that not everyone gets the benefit of.
That fucking sucks.
This is like the office, right?
Like if I worked in the office, the office, the office,
and I saw Dwight getting all of his things taken
and picked on and bullied all the time.
Put in jello?
Put in gelatin.
Jim, can we not?
Can we all stand up for Dwight for a second
and ask Jim to not?
Can you not put Dwight's stapler in some jammy shake,
which is of course what the British called jello and gelatin.
And of course I only watched the British version.
I'll tell you the most frustrating thing
about this poor question asker being called Krabby Patty
is they sent a picture of themselves
and they are a human sized starfish.
And it seems to me like it's just right there.
It's just right there.
There was already somebody at work named Gatrick
and you just can't.
This is my friend, Gatrick Bypass.
And would it be even worse if they were named Patrick
and they were like, we're just gonna keep calling you Patrick
and then they didn't get to play.
They didn't get to play with me.
Never play by the way people in a work environment
or any environment really, the who would everyone be
because inevitably in every media property
there's always one jerk or asshole or disliked person
and you're gonna come around to be like,
and who would that person be?
And it's always mean, always mean.
If you do Game of Thrones in your office,
you got enough people there,
eventually you're gonna run out of the humans
and somebody's gonna have to be a very mean dragon.
Or the Uncomfortable Throne.
I'm talking about how shitty that chair is.
It's a shitty throne.
You think it's just like, I'll kill everyone's family
and make them do horrible crime
and I'm gonna take over and get that big chair
and the power that comes with it.
And you sit in that chair after doing all that stuff
and you're like, oh man, can I get like a sumo beanbag?
Do you have those yet?
And the other thing I've learned from,
and this is just a side note of Game of Thrones,
if someone tries to make you the Hand of the King,
you're gonna die.
So just say no, just don't do it.
Just say no, don't do it.
Listen, can you say, instead of Krabby Patty,
can I be Goliath from Gargoyles?
The T-shirt Gargoyles.
And they'll say like, what?
And you say like, yeah, either Goliath or Lexington,
one of those two from Gargoyles, the TV show Gargoyles.
I wanna be that one.
And they say, but like, that's not really what we're doing.
We're doing like a SpongeBob one.
And then you, you know, roar.
Maybe you show up the next day dressed up
as cosplay from Gargoyles.
And it's like, oh yes, it's me, Krabby Patty, I guess.
Even though I'm clearly Lexington from the Gargoyles.
Obviously Lexington.
You know how I'm always perched on top of the cubicles?
Yeah, perched on their cubicles and be like,
I can be Bronx too if you want.
How many other Gargoyles get Griffin name?
Is that top of your head?
Wait, hold on.
Is that top of your head, Griffin?
Yeah, I mean, they were all named after Burroughs and shit.
My voice sounds exactly like Jonathan Frakes.
Well, he wasn't actually a Gargoyle in that show.
I don't remember.
Somebody didn't watch the deleted scenes.
Oh, he got bit by a Gargoyle turned into a Gargoyle.
On the Blu-ray.
Okay, I see.
My memory of Gargoyles stopped when they were still back in the past.
So you talking about them being in present day New York.
I was like, wait, what the fuck?
I forgot that.
That's the pilot, bud.
I know, but I forgot all about that.
And I was like, why would they be named after the Burroughs
in fucking old timey England or whatever?
And only now do I remember looking at the Gargoyles TV series,
Wikipedia, that it all took place in New York.
Except for fucking Goliath.
He was just like, I'm still Goliath.
I'm still Goliath.
Well, he's talking about Goliath Street,
which is where all the big strong souvenir shops are.
Okay, we need, let's end, let's finish the episode thusly.
Thank you so much for listening to,
where did, did Justin go pee in the fiction?
We lost Justin.
Oh, that's like, yeah, what is it in the fiction?
Justin has, he's disapparated back to Hogwarts.
Yes, he did a Hogwarts spell.
No, he lost his thing.
But Travis and I are jumping in here
for some quick engineering work.
Thank you so much for listening.
And thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
You can go to MaximumFun.org,
check out all the great podcasts there.
Shows like Friendly Fire and The Greatest Generation
and the Beef and Dairy Network
and Judge John Hodgman and so many more.
And if you want to hear the other stuff we do,
you go to mackleroyshows.com.
What else did we lose?
I don't even remember.
What else did we lose in the fire?
I think that might be it.
Yeah, thank you for listening.
Thanks for listening.
And then here's the rest.
Oh, and thanks to John Roderick
and the Long Winters for these four theme songs.
Is it a part trophy?
I've been putting the days to bed.
Okay, now here's the rest of the episode.
Thank you to John Roderick
and thanks to everybody for listening.
We very much appreciate you.
Anything else we need to mention?
I do want to say Moon Tower Comedy Festival
coming up in April in Austin, Texas.
Schmaners is going to be performing there.
I'm pretty sure the 18th, April 18th,
but you can get tickets,
bit.ly slash moon tower schmaners,
S-H-M-A-N-N-E-R-S.
You think you can give me a,
score me a ticket for that?
No problem.
Okay.
You want that final?
Absolutely.
This final was sent in by Merritt Palmer.
Thank you, Merritt.
Very, very strong contributions.
Whoops.
Thank you, Merritt.
Yahoo Answers user Jimbo asks,
can this site be downloaded?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
This is Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother,
my brother and me.
Kiss your dad's square on the lips.
maximumfun.org
comedy and culture
artist owned
listener supported
following the news is hard and it sucks
how do you know which stories are important?
Which sources do you trust in this post-truth world of reactionary journalism?
I'm Brett Black.
And I'm Travis McElroy.
And we host a podcast called Trends Like These.
We cover trending news stories.
We debunk misleading clickbait headlines.
And we always try to throw in a little bit of good news.
In our quest for truth.
So join us every week on maximumfun.org or wherever podcasts are found.
