Griffin has something he would like to talk about in the intro Justin. I don't know if it'll be funny or not
It's just like all I all I
The only thing I can think about the only thing I want to do is listen to Carly Rae Jepsen's new album
Okay, and I don't think it's gonna be like really funny
In fact, I think it'll probably be like kind of weird. Like I think it'll be off-putting for people
To hear me talk about this album
Okay. Well, I mean if you think it'll be a good bit I don't that's what I'm saying
I don't think it'll be a good bit
It's just like I want to bring I want to bring a realness to this episode and for me like
It doesn't get any realer. I gotta start now. I thought we started but we have to say our names and shit first
No, we don't have to do we it's 266. We can't switch out convention now. All right, let her rip
The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists. He's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool baby. It's familiar, but not too familiar. But not too not familiar. It's a new craze. And good girls do you wanna just say hey I wanna. Just say hey I wanna.
Hi, I'm Justin McElroy and you've just plugged into the podcast
I'm Travis McElroy and
Welcome to the ether. Hi, I'm Griffin McElroy and dude cyborgs dream of electric sheep
Is that the way this is my this is my brother my brother made a vice show for the modern era
I'm your we said that
Welcome to the show
So what album is everybody listening to you right now good for you go first
Uh, okay, but I want to be the only thing that we talk about
I don't want to hear I don't want to hear about your two albums. I was gonna say fallout boy. Is that okay? Oh, is that true?
Listen, they a lot of people have been giving me a lot of shit. Have you ever actually listen?
Yeah, they're really good really good American Beauty American Psycho is an amazing album
Add me to the pile my dude and what we're at Griffin just to clarify. What were you going to say? I
I don't want to come at I don't want to come at the discussion like this. Can we start over?
I need you guys to be like you're not gonna
You know, I just want to say we are too huge to alienate anybody my brother my brother and me from this point forward
Loves everybody especially power players in the entertainment industry
I love we're looking for connections and networking wherever it is if we could get fallout boy on the show
That'll be a huge get I love the people fallout boy
You can love the you can love the sinner but hate the sin, you know what I mean?
I've been listening to Carly Rae Jepsen's emotion. I think that has pronounced because there's like a little dot
between the
Between the is it a mathematical formula like e equals m to the o of shun
Uh-huh, and that's that how the the chorus of her hit single goes e to the m equals ocean
It's probably the worst song on the album. And in fact, I wish that they hadn't titled the album motion
I wish only seven seconds long. Yeah, it's kind of meandering and she doesn't even sing and she's got a beautiful voice
That's the song that activates all the sleep the Canadian sleeper agents
Oh, yeah, it's kind of like a like a rap CD where it's like an improv track right like kind of a comedy track
Yeah
She does a she does a bit there and Jamie Foxx shows up and does the bit also and then the two there are a few
bits that her and Jamie Foxx do throughout the album and
They're really they're really good. There's not a bad goof on the album. There's not a bad improv track on the album
Again, I get again. I can't stress this enough not gonna be funny my me talking about this album
It's it's just but you thought was very important to you. Nobody's talking about nobody out of your system
Have you heard the album either of you? Nobody knows nobody's listening to this album
It's a it's a I I feel like I'm just like running through the streets screaming her name and and it's falling on deaf ears
No, I'm so busy talking about the Republican primaries. You know what I mean? No one's talking about Carly Rae Jepsen's album
Let's talk about the real stuff. Well, okay, but if you're gonna pull pull that card
we saw with the Republican primaries anybody everybody's talking about Donald Trump and I'm trying I'm
Carly Rae Jepsen is the opposite of Donald Trump in every conceivable way. She is a pure being of light. I
Remember it was the summer of
20-something and
Travis told us guys. This is the new shit. Yeah, this is the new heat and I did not believe him and
Then literally two weeks later call me maybe was the only song I could hear on the right
It was the only song available for download on iTunes. They cleared the table on every other song
It was the only song on the radio and it was everywhere
I tend to have a pretty good finger on the pulse of what's gonna be the summer jam
Yeah, call me maybe and it was blurred lines and it was uptown funk. Yeah, and these are the summer jams people
Blurred is there one this is Sidney was trying to figure out if there was a summer jam this year
It was uptown funk. It was uptown funk. It's all over like Jane. What are you fucking talking?
No, it was a slow build, but it was the summer jam
The summer jam this year was don't get won't get fooled again by the who and it was a really super slow build
But it really took off this uptown funk the one was like don't believe me just watch. Yeah
Yeah, like the one that's which is way more fun to say, please don't look at my crotch if it's way better
It's only
They all he only wrote that song to license it to network promos
like the only reason that song is this is cuz like so ABC and
NBC and CBS will be like lining up all the shows you must watch
Yeah
Yeah, no, you don't have to change it. Like it's literally just like we got a great summer of hits for you
NCIS is back. We've got perfect strangers to don't believe me. Just watch. It's a sequel to perfect strangers
Oh, yeah, I you know what? I don't believe you and I will watch of course
Guys, I just want to get in my guest bathroom
Which is the only room in my house without a window
Just turn the lights off and just sit in absolute darkness and put my headphones on and just let Jepsen carry me away
Cut some lilies let him float on the bathtub waters little lavender. No, I don't even want
I don't want my sense of smell distracting me from my sense of hearing. I just I just want to hear the music
You just want to get a sensory deprivation chamber and float in Jepsen. Yes
Whist away. I want to go on a Carly Rae voyage into myself
Myself
This is an advice show
Basically you want I will say though full disclosure
Griffin did warn us that talking about Carly Rae Jepsen's new album would not be funny. He said that before we started
Yeah, well and that was on the podcast. Yeah, you guys don't know this but I included that. Oh, okay good
What's your favorite for the music? That would be a twist. What's your favorite song on the album? I'll tell him funk
on Carly Rae Jepsen's new album emotion emotion
I
Like that justice remix what?
Where they remixed that one song with justice
And I think Dizzy Rascal did the original and then it was on Carly Rae Jepsen's
You know Dizzy Rascal rented out a track of Carly Rae Jepsen's new album
He's did you know Dizzy Rascal is subletting a track number seven on Carly Rae Jepsen's new album just to get out to the people
She wasn't gonna use it. No, she wasn't gonna use see she said I was just gonna put another Jamie Foxx
It Jamie Foxx had this bit where he was gonna be a very old Jesus named Jesus sort of like geezer
Yeah, and she didn't really think it was that funny. So she let Dizzy Rascal sublet the track
Yeah track seven, of course is making the most of the night and that one's a club banger
Like that would be a good that would actually I could see Dizzy doing some really dope shit with that
Should we get on to the questions? I feel like I would give anything. Yeah, I would pay any any price
Do you have that power? Yeah, I can do it. I just do it
I have a friend that's been recently drive me off the wall
He for someone that's another album that Carly Rae Jepsen's new album is better than it's better than Michael Jackson's off the wall
Absolutely for some unknown reason has all of a sudden started using the word mate
when clear when addressing someone when he speaks
As if he came back from a life-changing year-long expedition in the wilds of Australia. It has adopted the language. He clearly isn't
Australian
He's clearly Canadian
Have to hear him. Call me mate one more time. This friendship is going down under
I felt like Casey Kasem and now another one go. Oh, that's because
It's because you're talking exactly like Casey Kasem for some reason. That would do it every time
Maybe it's from the group of guys he games with online. Maybe they're all Australian and he's trying to fit in
How can I make him realize the error of his ways brothers? That's a frustrated frecklekin in
Yeah, fuck way for quiet. I believe for quiet. I
Don't think it's fuck way
Probably not fuck way
Um hi, I'm Gordon. I'm Gordon fuck way, and this is the Alfre do
It's a very sexual sexual Alfre it stands for alien. I'd like to fuck I am
My name is Dalf what is that? What does he mean? I'm a mouth
It's not TV. It's HBO. Yeah, and it's raw
So this is the worst
possible
Yeah
There's no excuse. There's no excuse for this
It's it's probably the worst affect and there are a lot of really bad affectations
You just start doing for some reason this one's the this one's the worst
Maybe you know it's your friend of some sort of researcher trying to find the worst possible
Affectation because he found it and what makes it double worse is that there's no bay
Like at least if he had come back from like a two-week vacation in Australia
Then you're like oh, you're trying it, but with no basis for it. It's just this like amorphous blob
Mysterious worst have you guys ever had an affectation that was really hard to shake that you're embarrassed to admit
Definitely definitely right. I mean I still do it when I went to
the UK for my honeymoon I came back saying cheers a lot like
Cheers like like just as a standard greeting or goodbye or whatever to say cheers a lot
One time is out at a Japanese restaurant with some friends. I said come pie when my drinks came and
I fucking vomited
Just checked out vomited just knowing that in the future. I would look back on that moment. It's such a deep deep
cosmic shame
Bloody snuck its way into my vocab
I
Did I'm not proud of a minute, but it did it's not in there
I'm not saying like we should be clear here. I'm not judging. We're not judging like
the actual
Affect like the actual like slang and accents of another nation that that is fine
Yeah, you everybody has their thing. It's the the appropriation of it. Yeah
It can go opting. Yeah, can you do it for so long though that you?
Own it like if this person says mate for so long eventually you'll forget this the the impetus right the first thing
Like if I just start answering the phone every time anybody calls me like mushy mushy
And but I do that for like six years. Do you think I'll stop you?
Well, you'll become the guy who's known for doing it because he's terrible
um, but then but then it's still I think it would retroactively shape you in a way that you couldn't recover from like I think you
could stick in your car, but like a
Grain of sand in an oyster shell you eventually would form a pearl of being terrible around it. Mm-hmm
around the irritant I
Think that when your friend does this you need to shake an empty pop can full of pennies at him. No. Hey, no
No
Can or have you said anything is it like does he know
Like oh, he knows we've noticed and we hate it
He knows Justin earlier said that the word bloody snuck into his his vocab. It didn't sneak into shit
It's it wasn't it didn't it didn't put a cardboard box over itself and then like worm its way into your brain
You sat there thinking like okay, here it comes. God. I hope this works. Yeah, bloody well, right, huh?
And everybody look at you do it and you do it the first time then it's like, oh
Felt kind of good. Hey, nobody said anything
It's not because nobody said anything because they were like terrified
It was the word they love you so much and they're terrified that this is just gonna be you now. Yeah
That's just gonna be the person they know. I
Don't know how you write this ship. I don't know if you call out once it's gonna be really hard for you
But he will never do it again, right if Sydney looked at you and said Justin you sound
Completely like a clown when you just said bloody just then you sound like an idiot clown child
Might I suggest?
Yeah a full-on like to catch a predator moment, right where you're at a party
And I know this is this isn't how it happens in to catch a predator
It would be really weird if it was but you're at a party
He says me you lay your hand on his shoulder and you say hey
Can I talk to you in the kitchen and you take him in and go I just want to break down what just happened there
You did this thing. Everybody thought you sounded dumb
Do you really want to walk back into that room right now and say it again?
Just think about that before you come back in I'll be in the living room. Yeah, please don't like yeah
You're basically grounding him. Yeah from conversation like hey. Hey fly boy. I'm taking away your license
You're on you're on probation. I want you to really think about what you did before you re-enter humanity
Can you adopt an even more obscure Australian affectation?
Let me throw this out crikey. Well, it's not really even more obscure
I was thinking no one's that maybe a shrimp on the barbie. No, I was thinking it's a little thing
I was thinking like that's a noise but like completely out of like completely out of
Well, that's a lot
He didn't see someone with a knife and just identify it as a knife. He's a knife. Oh
Nice in it, but I hold that right there. There's a hand in it. Oh, it's a bloody. No
No, I'm cool. You've solved the crime
What's the murder weapon listen noise, yeah, there were stab wounds that seems really likely good work inside in CIS Dundee I
Don't think they'd call it in CIS Dundee. They'd probably call it in CIS Australia. Do you guys know yahoo?
Sure. Yeah
This yahoo was sent in by level 9000 yahoo drew drew drew Davenport. Thank you drew. It's by yahoo answers user. They're anonymous
We'll call them mock a dial then D
They asked in the category society and culture etiquette. I
Want to join a local biker gang, but I don't care about bikes
Should I be up front about this or would it be wiser to pretend?
So walk me through
There's two sentences. How did you get lost? No, no, no how that first interaction went. Hello fellows
I like your lifestyle. Hello. I do not care about these metal things. Hi there my two my two-wheeled compatriots
Hail and well met you have a place for a Subaru
I can take all the bags and the cooler and stuff
That is true when they have beach day. You are going to be quite prized
They can't those folding chairs and on the back of them motorbikes
They're gonna be so stoked about your Honda fit and all its roomy
Backseat, I can't wait. I just ordered some new handlebars for my Harvey Danielson
It's a Harvey Danielson good bike and it's from their 2010 good bike model
Which is an antique at this point and I have new handlebars coming for it
And they pop off like the handlebars and Pee-wee's big adventure. So if any of you
Road dogs tries to yank my grip off and make me get a road rash
Then the handlebar will come right off in your hand and I will cruise off in my Harvey Danielson
Unscathed no road rash here. How long?
Unscathed no road rash here. How long?
Could you keep the grift going like well my I have again guys my
Motorcycle that I own room Queen. She's in the shop again. Gosh, man
I just really go got arrested. I don't know what I can tell you guys
I get room Queen out of hock and you know, cuz I sold her for
Biker drugs and now I am without wheels. Let me say once more. I am NOT a cop
I want to tell everybody I appreciate your ride your offer of a ride to
The motor meetings and I just want to tell you it's not that I'm afraid of motorcycles very very very much
But it's just that
hemorrhoids, you know
hemorrhoids I
Have to point out they're not afraid of motorcycles. They just don't give a shit. Ah
These guys in their bikes. I love it's it's I love the people and I love the community. I I love like
What do biker gangs do I loved watching Sons of Anarchy like that's what it is. It's just that it's like
I watched Sons of Anarchy. I want to do crime. I want to hate other races
I don't want to invest in a motorcycle. I want to lean over pool tables a lot
I feel like that happens in biker gang like they go to places where there was a pool table
They lean over and then glare at the people that walk in. Yeah, like that's the thing that happened. Yeah. Yeah
Maybe community service. I don't know
There are biker gangs that I'm sure are like this is more of like an affiliation of like like-minded people who also just ride
Motorcycles, but mostly we're all about like cleaning up the streets and building parks for kids who cares?
There's a core idea. That is we ride motor
Also finds us and it's bikes
Yeah, that's the one thing that you can't we kind of like have to get on the same page with that is shitty
though if you think about it that like if you did just
Maybe you just love motorcycles, but like you can't afford one. Like you just can't you have a kid
You have one car that your car seat fits into and that's it
Yeah, like you just can't afford a motorcycle. You just love the lifestyle
It's rabbit. You can still be in that gang. I think so, too
But only in that only in that like I'm saving up or do you guys have like a spare I can use
Until I can afford my own because here's what you want
This is what you do Justin you go down to the local local junkyard
You buy like an old old beat-up like whole no one would ever want to ride that motorcycle again
But then you put love into it
I'll fix it and you buy stuff like a second hand and you're fixing up and is it the prettiest motorcycle?
No, no, it's not. In fact people at the the rich kids motorcycle gang
They make fun of you, but those guys down the street that are maybe past their prime. They welcome you
Yeah, they do and then at the big motorcycle race
Oh boy, your motorcycle wins because it's filled with love and magic and nitro
So this is a script then that you've just written for listen
If somebody would like to pay me for this property, what's it called the property?
real quick motor motor motor motor motor bike good friends
Okay, I say that's a great title for it
I would just sit outside with a sidecar and just sit out there with my stupid goggles and my helmet and when they came
Out to go do crime or community service or just go to Wendy's I would just be like well who's got room
Who wants the kid today? I'd be like a mascot. You know, I like that
What would you and what would you I hate to keep putting you guys on the spot
But what would your mascot name be because I feel like that's important to the biker game dead weight
Almost certainly. Yeah, that's I mean almost certainly dead. I tell you how I'm getting good with a biker gang is
Other than the fact that I can probably do like more smack than anyone in one go
I've never done that, but I feel like I'd be really good at it
That's how you won president of the student body in high school. That's true. Somebody hand me a big bag of smack
It was like I bet you can't do all this like watch me go crunch crunch crunch crunch crunch
I think that's how you do it. I think you
Slurp slurp slurp slurp slurp how I get into the biker gang is I would I would have a bike that I fixed up like
Travis said basically the plot of motorbike good friends
But where I would twist it is instead of filling it with love I fill with gadgets
Wouldn't that be cool if like I did have like the the handlebars that popped off and I could like shoot out an oil slick
and I could
Drop some cow trips. You're talking about motorbike good friends after the studio notes
Yeah, where they're like in the bike anymore of a like a chitty chitty bang now
Can the bike talk so we can cast Peter Dinklage as you know what Griffin is that kind of shit that ruined motorbike good friends one?
I don't want to see it in motorbike good friends, too
It's more kind of a back to the can I say that?
Motorbike good friends 2 sounds like an origin story. Are you rebooting it that quick? It's a prequel. It's a
Guy on a bike and it's like don't ask any questions
Yeah, yeah, and everybody's like where did he get this motorcycle?
I wish there's another movie explain this I have a foolproof plan for infiltrating the biker gang and
Endearing myself to them. It is multi-tiered. It is very complex. It is one word. I'm gonna hit you with it now
You ready? Yes tequila
Like the song I just do this funny dance on a counter and then everybody be like I'm into it
I like what he points at his wiener and then also his butt
He's in the gang and I like his white shoes now. Hold on. Don't think that peewee's actual move. Yeah
I don't think that's why they enjoyed his dance. So like I feel like it was just like a fun moment in a kid's movie
I don't think he was like my dick my dick my butt but but but my dick
again, I said my
butt but
Watch that scene again
And then travel back in time to the late 80s and see me
emulating that scene at home and tell me I'm not pointing at my dick and then my butt because that's what I thought it was
and I until I mean, I thought that for a long time until
1.30
Today just now I thought he was playing. Are you sure he's not pointing at his dick and then his butt?
I'm like 99% sure it's not he's not doing a dick to like I was I was like like pointing as privates
And that's what made it so like that would be a weird thing to do in front of a big group of bikers who?
Moments ago. We're going to kill. Yeah, I would love so he got up on a bar and said look
I think dick and my butt a lot
What if in the reboot of peewee's big adventure that the biker gang at the at the bar was ms13 and
They were like, is he pointing at his dick? Oh, man, that's great
But then they cut off his head and throw it in the river what I'm saying to you right now is I'm looking at the movie
He's pointing at his dick in his butt. You're watching the scene right now. That's what he does
I'm seeing his dick in his butt like he's indicating like here's my penis. Here's my butt
It looks like an instructional video for what dick and but for where the dick and buddy is who would do what's the market for?
that video I
Anatomy classes mainly
Very remedial and anatomy classes. All right, let me check out this video here. All right, let's know
I guess let's all watch the tequila dance from peewee's big adventure
I'll just send you guys a direct link set exactly the timecode and
You will you will see you will and you at home just search peewee tequila on you
It's just a silly dance. He puts on these weird shoes and does a silly dance on a park
He's pointing at his dick and then after that his butt that's what he's doing
Why would that disarm the gang? I didn't because he's making he's not at all Justin
He is definitely poor like dick dick, but but dick dick, but but that's what he's doing. If you
Meaning like he is he's using fists. There's no extended fingers. Those are his fists
This video is too low quality to see if their fingers or not. He is like in the general genital area
I agree with you, but he is in no way directly indicating. These are my genitals. He just he's oh wait
I'm watching it now. I'm watching it now and he's drawing actually slow concentric circles around his dick and he's mouthing the words
It's right here. It's right here. It's right here
Why why oh my god, I'm still watching it. He just pulled his pants down and he's spreading his gaping asshole
tequila
My read on the scene is that he's making himself out to be a tantalizing piece of boy flesh
Yeah, too perfect for them to ruin with simple violence for him destroying their motorcycles
Yeah, he's a he's a primo fuckboy and they're gonna wanna keep him around. That's what he's saying. That's what I'm saying
Oh my god. He actually just hold on. Hold on. Stop stop talking. Yeah, he just said I'm a primo fuckboy
How have I watched this movie hundreds of times? How have I not like I just like glossed over the scene, I guess
tequila tequila
They love it too. They love it
I love it. Well, he got out of another scrape. No
All life-threatening scrapes that Pee Wee Herman gets out of by exposing his dick and his gaping butthole to perfect strangers
Listen, I didn't write the scene now watched it and interpreted it. You know what?
I could I'll tell you this director Tim Burton me and
Paul Rubens may be author of that film they may have may have created that vision but I as an audience member my
Interpretation that scene is just as valid as layers. So if I say he is pointing his dick and then his butt that's how the art
Manifested itself to me. That's the Mandela effect. Yeah talk about Justin and eventually people in the future will be like
Oh, yeah, of course
He got his dick out in Pee Wee's big adventure and people would be like did yeah
I mean I remember that and then people watch the movie go, you know a fun fact. He never actually says
I'm a pretty well fuck boy in the movie. He doesn't he doesn't I don't spread misinformation traps. He did just say that I
Just I literally just watched it
So I find it ironic that in the movie he gets out of trouble by showing his dick
But in real life he got into a lot of trouble by getting his dick out
Well, yeah, it's because he ran into some trouble and he was like, let me get my dick out
But that's not you're not in the fictional. This isn't this isn't cool world Pee Wee
You're in the real space who framed Roger Rabbit
Yeah, if you can't get out of a cartoon, you can't get out of a cartoon scrape by showing us your colon
It's not how it works out here in the physical realm
They're like, I can't believe we got tricked by that. We should still arrest him right? Like we got to cover this up. Yeah
He is a spitting a lot of people nut. He's getting a speeding ticket and got a stick out. He's like
Yeah, and they're like, yep that you're free to go
tequila
Let's go the money's on
I
Want to tell you folks about me and these
most comfortable underwear you'll ever put down there if you want to
Cover up what your mama gave you and then shake it in a way that's gonna be supportive
But also cool and lick moisture away. You're gonna want to turn to me and these they're the best underwear on the planet
They're offering right now
20% off your first order when you go to me undies comm
Slash my brother if you don't love them your first pair. Yeah, it's free
I don't even know why we read that sentence cuz I it's it's a fantasy fiction then anybody would ever put these on
These this wonderful it's like it could say it could say we'll buy your first pair for $20,000. Yeah
We'll buy you a house if you like them
Yeah, that's not what they're saying
But they could because no one will ever do that Travis you and tell us about the other one
I do. We also want to talk about base camp. We've mentioned base camp a couple times on the show
Basically how it works is you know in this digital age?
Everyone doesn't always work in the same office anymore
Sometimes you're spread throughout the world and it can get hard to
Get on the same page when it comes to completing projects with base camp base camp makes it easier to wrangle people with different roles
Responsibilities and objectives towards their common goal and then lets you finish that project together
Everybody gets on the same page Deborah over in Montana doesn't get to it like say like oh I didn't know if that's what
I was do God Deborah get it together. You fucking we have a cloud platform for this Deborah
Base camp runs on the cloud has secure servers
So you don't have to mess around with anything technical and if you are a listener of my brother my brother meet
Which of course you are because you're hearing this right now
You can try base camp absolutely free for two months by going to base camp.com
Dot-com slash my brother get your entire team on the same page get that project done
And then like move on to joining a biker gang Deborah has just got her head in the clouds
She's not using the cloud properly
Do you guys think that's definitely definitely build it been a Dilbert cartoon about like somebody saying like use the cloud
I've got my head in the clouds, and then they spill coffee on their dick
I want to tell you guys about Zveni baby
That's SVE in NY baby
It's a progressive pop band from Dallas, Texas whose album features a three-part rock opera and songs
Based on the Dark Tower series by Stephen King don't mind if I do
Very much. Thank you
Please the album is available now for download at their website iTunes Google Play Amazon and Spotify
You can go to Zveni baby music dot-com
I have a hard time believing they couldn't secure Zveni baby.com itself, but that's not the address
It's Zveni baby music.com to download Zveni babies debut album painting pictures
Sorry, they're what I must their debut album debut album
So I said painting pictures, which I will reiterate include songs based on the dark towers
So I'm like really stoked. I'm totally gonna go listen that because cause like what?
Here's a song from it right now monster house. It's a monster house
Everyone look out for the monster house, and then here's another song. Oh, no. It's a crab monster
He's got poison his claws, and he's gonna come bite my fingers off
That got a little for you was that Stephen King. I thought it was Stephen King
He wrote this book, but now he's in the book. I didn't I haven't gotten that far
Happen I'm only on the fourth book you'll get there. You'll get a push listen everybody gets hung up a wizard
And that's cuz it's a shitty shitty
14,000 page book is actually it's actually a very great book. It's just a real
derailment of the nothing to do with the last
Have it really goes free prior around a train that's gonna explode unless we solve this mystery to hold up before we get back
To that though before we resolve that situation. Here's
950 pages about schoolboys
It is kind of a crazy thing to be like cliffhanger and before we get back to that
Let me just read you a quick book. Here's just one book if you could just read this book
I wrote it right back to my own book. Here's some fanfiction. I wrote about my own story. I got a message here
It's your glass rules though. It's just like
Here's a mess. Sometimes I think about the music the movies are making a dark tower and I make up a trailer to it in
My head when I'm bored
It's always set to a someone saved my life tonight by Elton John which Griffin you also probably don't understand why but like fully
Think about how good of a trailer that'd be I have a message here for Rosh and it's from Margo
To baller ass names Margo says to Rosh
I wanted to say or rather the brothers to say thank you for the best year of my life
I can't have imagined anything better. Thank you for the endless laughs including introducing me to this podcast and fun
You are the best friend and boyfriend anyone can ask for happy anniversary. Love Margo
That's lovely. That's lovely. You know, I love about that two things
I love love in any form all forms of love are wonderful and beautiful
Mm-hmm. And
I also love that they're spreading their that that love is actually benefiting us actually putting money in my pocket
And that's the best kind of love that there is
I know I just said all love is equal
But the love that helps us bump that download count is probably better than the most beautiful perfect. Yeah
But anyway, happy love Rosh and Margo. We also have a message for my friend and yours Sean Foreman
Sean is
amazing, um, he's got a special notice from his best gal and darling treasure of a wife who is also lovely and
Melanie says to Sean happy 30th bidet to the handsomest most your suit husband a girl could ask for
May all your days be filled with frolicking silvy dogs your nights danker than danky Kang and your thoughts as deep as Chicago style pizza
The brothers and I raise our glasses of power to you good sir. Cheers your sweet sweet loving woman
Ah happy 30th Sean and here's a twist
Sean independently also reached out to me and would like to wish Melanie a happy anniversary
So I figure I just tie those two together. It's kind of a gift to the Magi scenario, but everybody gets something
Yeah, so they're not like the gift of the Magi at all the gift of the Magi to this time for sure
But that's just called presence
It's not a gift. It doesn't deserve. It's not it's not part of that parable
It's just I gave you a present in the second one
He gets her he buys her a hair dryer and she's like and she got him like an iPad and she's like, what are you doing?
Just give me something. You know, you fuck this up so bad the last night
Just give me something completely unrelated to the thing that I obviously know I am bald. You know, I'm bald
It's ridiculous mark. It's ridiculous
especially when I told you what I wanted I
Wanted a tennis bracelet a tennis tennis bracelet. I didn't chop off my hands to get you this iPad
Get me a fucking tennis. I don't have wrists anymore. It's just elbows straight to my hands
Like some sort of turkey woman
Well, here we are quick press conference time
Fuck fuck every week on D live from the McElroy brothers studios where in we in beautiful Burbank
If it was live, then we would have had this shit dead to rights on tape, but then we lost you
Did you okay friends beloved friends? Did you yesterday feel a?
Disturbance in the comedy energy. Did you feel a great shuddering of bits of good of precious?
Finite goofs being lost to the ether
I picture it like a minority report when the three people in the pool like sense of murder coming
We're just suddenly everybody starts shaking and going the jokes are dying
Yeah, every every listener of a bim-bam a red ball appeared on their doorstep and when they picked it up and looked at it
It just said some dick jokes because they got killed and we lost them to that
Justin's recording of the second half of the podcast got this one. This was not on me for a change
This is definitely on audacity and Teresa asked me this morning. She's like, how does that happen?
Am I responsible as he will here's about the thing about computers. I don't know he literally it's it's inexplicit
If you're a data expert, he the end of the podcast was fine for him
The beginning the podcast was fine for him, which you just heard
You just heard the first half of our original recording and now here we are
Back again, cuz he lost like eight minutes in there somewhere and shit sucked
Shit sucked everyone
Okay. Well, I guess let's do it again. One more again
Same goofs again. Well, not the same goose different goose, but no I'm doing the same goose. I'm not writing more material
I write on my material that tell you guys that I didn't know that
What question did we do last time that got lost to the ether the note on the desk? See you bad one
Let me tell you all how it went last time. That wasn't gold. It was all of us got really indignantly angry at this one
It's angry. Yeah, so let's see how we react this time. Okay last time it was indignant anger and then this time who knows?
It could be joyous joyous laughter love and acceptance. Don't cry for that show that shows gone. I should never exist
This is the new that's an alternate timeline. Yeah, absolutely. Maybe your life would have been changed by that
I have no idea you have to deal with this
One of my co-workers just transferred to a different office. See you didn't say transferred last time
So it's already really super different
The day after he left I found a note on my desk from him saying how he was
Always too tongue-tied around me to say anything, but he thinks that I'm beautiful and wish you could have gotten to know me better
I'm not interested in him romantically, but I do think he's a nice guy and appreciate the guts
It took to even leave the note read
None, I want to thank him. That's my editorial ization
I want to thank him for the compliment, but it will it sound at all sincere when it's followed by but I'm just not interested
Yeah, would it be better if I said nothing at all? That's from secretly admired in st. Louis good news
I'm still angry. Yeah
It sucks me too. If anything, I'm more angry for I have not had my breakfast
it's just like
It's let's get let's cut to the quick. Let's not beat it. There was a lot of bush beating last time
We talked about it for an hour and a half yesterday
I wrote about that in my diary at night my post-show diary felt like there was a lot of bush beating
Hope recording gets eaten by Jesus
Well here you'd like another shot
The fed it's this shouldn't be on you. This sucks. It's like it's it is the
It's such a weird way to go about
This like it's that you say that it took guts to leave the note and maybe that's true to a small amount
But it would have taken it took significantly less guts
They're just like walking up to you and talking to you in the first place
And if this was like a Jim Pam situation where you guys were like fast friends and you actually talked and hung out and stuff
That would be cool, but this is just like a weird mash note from somebody who like
Like literally didn't give you the time of day until it was time for him to bounce then he's like hey by the way
I always thought you're a pretty boy, and then a ripcord pulled him out the window
What you have to do your responsibility in this situation he's nothing yeah because like you know all you this is this is as far
As you need to go unfold note read. Oh, that's nice garbage garbage
a little giant blunt because if
Basically what this person has tried to do whether they realize it or not is say I'm gonna put the onus on you to make
Contact cuz I'm a chicken shit. That's absolutely true. This is where like
Infinity romantic comedies have ruined people's perception of how the shit works because this guy is expecting you'll read the note and be like really
Devin you
Same Devin yeah, she'll like jump out like run through the rain to like the other office across town like please don't do this
I've always loved you too from afar
But now you just chase him through the rain and be like thank you, but I am NOT interested in you romantically
Want that dick here is an umbrella. I am NOT interested in that dick, but do take this umbrella
We've got to keep that dick dry here
That's the way this works in the real world how it should work is you look across the office you see
Susan like first time and you're like oh, she's cute, and you walk over and you say hey
I'm Devin is this your first day of the office. Yeah, it's great
Do you want to like grab a drink after work, and I can tell you all about how things don't do that
No, don't do that off the jump. Maybe not first day, but like if you like her ask her out your co-workers
So that might be a leave
Oh, God, we didn't even see it's good. We should take a second pass at every question because we don't get to that erudite
Nug until our second go-around what if it's like illegal? What if the HR rep is like that's what makes it?
Sexy I'm fair. That's what makes it sexy right? I do think that that would have been noted in the question
Hey, I've been the case. Hey, did y'all just kiss no Thomas. We didn't you guys stink like kissing
I
Smell kiss juice all over you. There's kiss juice all right. Hey listen
Mother slappers. I just went in the bathroom. It's some reeks of kisses in there. Yeah, I will say something did occur to me
Yes
Upon this second attempt that did not occur to yesterday. She says
You know what I shouldn't gender her. I don't I don't know a
man woman where this question asker says
I
Think that he's a nice guy, and I appreciate that although he does say beautiful
Which we cut it would be kind of an eyes a beautiful David Bowie's a beautiful man fair enough. Yeah
I do think he's a nice guy to appreciate the guts it took to leave the note, but I'm not interested in romantically
We yesterday chastised the note-leaver
But it sounds like they kind of nailed it like it sounds like they did have a correct read on these
Situation as it stands like I do need to get this off my chest
And I do recognize that this is not a thing that is happening
So I'm doing this due diligence right just get this out into the universe because like my read on the situation
Which it as it turns out is 100% of the money is that you do not desire a further relationship with me
Oh, so he's a precog
I'm saying there's a lot of pre-cognitive shit going, but no Justin
It's a self-fulfilling love just be so much easier matters of the heart be so much easier
There were little red and brown balls telling you
But the problem is is this is a self-fulfilling precog because basically what he did was he made himself like
She wants a dude or they want everybody
Everybody wants someone who's willing to like put at least enough skin in the game for me fight for me
Devin say words out loud
Say what don't be a paper warrior fucking say words out loud to make things happen because those are the kinds of people that
Go you know what sure you risked a little bit. I'm willing to see how this goes
You gotta risk it for the biscuit exactly you don't get that biscuit for being a paper warrior
He's trying to get a biscuit risk-free, and that's good. It's gonna be
It's gonna be too
Hard it's gonna be a two-day old biscuits can be crunchy and unpleasant. This is what you do
This is the time you use that note you run a note that says look up and they look up and you're standing there
And you say hey, that's okay a little creepy, but at least like if that's your intro
That's your plan go for it, but this like I'm a ghost
I left the office and now only now in my will do you find out I like you like here's the way to go
Here's the reason that you should not respond to this because if you respond to it and say hey listen um
I think you're a nice guy
This is a really brave gesture, but I'm just not that interested then this guy
What this guy like will learn from this is like I was a good approach wasn't the right person
But maybe next time when I transfer offices
There'll be somebody here where that seed will find purchase and he'll post on the message boards
And be like it almost worked this time fellas next listen colleagues. No risk required
It's a biscuit. It's a biscuit parade out there. How go nuts just reach out your hands and run run through the streets
Grab as many biscuits as you can take
It's just insane. I'm just irritated because this is this is a person who is
Generating their own missed connection. They're like this isn't a missed connection. You were there every day
Yeah, like they were there every day just
Just risk it yeah, and then
perhaps
People people don't people think that they just because they risk it they're guaranteed a biscuit. That's inaccurate no no no no
It's not a biscuit
What there's no guaranteed biscuit right? That's right. It's a you you all non riskers
Don't get biscuits, but y'all not all riskers get biscuits, and that's
Just how the biscuit does how a cookie crumbles a biscuit and harbor is safe and a biscuit on the water gets soggy
But sometimes you want to soggy, but I lost the thread
It looks so to see water that would be fucking disgusting
We're not saying that this is easy like it's obviously not easy like if I wasn't
Happily married right now, and I had to be in this game again
I would be this might be me like and and back back in my 20. Oh, it was me
I was this dude. I was note guy and like I made you I burned you a CD
Oh, what's that in the liners? It's a confession of my love. I'm gone though
So hopefully we'll run into each other tomorrow, and you could tell me you liked it
Bye like Travis James hole-in-the-wall this has nothing to do with like any sort of like
Alpha male friend zone garbage like we're not like it's not it's not that like I'm just the nice guy in the corner
She does her like I'm not talking about that like that. That's that's a whole other weird
Subset of this question what I'm talking about is just having basic human
Communication skills, and I know it's intimidating and like right now
There's probably some of you on the phone like hey, this is really insensitive to those of us who can't do
Do you can't today you can tomorrow maybe and that's you know that horse ride risk that biscuit a lot of that like nice guy
Friendship move friend zone bullshit comes from stuff like this
We're like if you're not and I'm sorry to like put you know put baby in a corner and call people out
But like if you're not willing to risk it for the biscuit like how do you expect them to be like okay?
Well, I guess I'm willing to do the work and reach out to you now like what?
What do you think you're putting forth in a letter that says I was too scared to talk to you?
But we should totally date now like that
That's not a good look. What is the future that relationship look like okay, madam? That sounds like a fine order and sir
What will you have oh, you're you're standing up from the table. You're leaving a note. You're walking away
From the table. I'm sorry. He does this every time he wants a chain barbach on you
You don't have to read the stupid note. That's what I'm saying like it is people will respect
Even if they don't want to go out on a date with you even if they're not interested in you
they'll at least respect that in this day and age of texting and like
Messaging and fucking note leavers that if you're like hey, this is me a human being standing in front of you
I would like to ask you on a date. No okay great. Thanks so much. Talk to you later. Bye
I don't even have a problem with the note if it's like if you're still at the office if you're like literally like I get
Really tongue-tied whenever I try to talk to you
And I just wanted to try to say to you like hey
I'd like to go out sometime and maybe get to know you get a bit more comfortable
I'm fine with even that own your shit like if your shit is that you can't let you you do get tongue-tied these situations
Like own it own it. Just don't like leave a note and then parachute out. It's insane
Nothing will come of that. Hey, you make something over that you were perpetuating this insane strategy to relationships
It worked for that lady in love actually
She left a note, and she's like if I can't say it at Christmas when I can I say it. I'm yours David
And now let me take you on a tour through your past long past your past even
My side of house rule is number one. I love you. I
Don't know why Griffin was doing Michael Caine is the British woman
That's the only so my British woman accent is just a higher an upscale of Michael Caine
Do you guys want a yahoo? Yes, please? I just want to put a button that real quick
We're not chastising anybody everybody's got their shit. God knows I have mine when it comes to like social situations
We're trying to inspire you don't don't live life. Oh, it's not it's not chastising
It's like it's it's the truth and what sucks is that if you if you do
Stuff like this where it's like I left a note, and they didn't answer
It's just gonna make it harder for you like you're just gonna be like a little this fucking nothing works
Nothing works because you try to think that can't work. You know what I mean, and what it is is it's this actualization
It's this like you're you tell yourself that it's a romantic gesture when really what it is is you?
Tried to find like the easiest low it like least scary thing
That's not a romantic gesture if like you waited until you weren't around
Left a note that they didn't have to respond to to your face
That's not a romantic gesture is I did something risky, and it didn't work or did work, and I got me that
Disky, that's a romantic gesture
So don't just just make sure you're not convincing yourself that you're doing something romantic when really you're just looking for an easy
Out and hoping they'll do all the work as long as we're playing buttons and things I do want to stress
That this whole time. I've not been referring to women as biscuits
No, that that much is clear right because I don't want people to think that I'm some sort of weird like misogynist that doesn't like
Get it like I'm a misogynist who's just like trying to get things going like hey guys. What if we called all women biscuits, right?
I know you're talking about more of like the ephemeral metaphorical eternal biscuit a desirable thing
Yes, which for which ironically enough for me is a biscuit. No. I would I could go for a biscuit right now
I crush a biscuit. I would ruin a biscuit right now. I would come and you got a yahoo. I would devastate a biscuit
Yeah, I would ruin a bit that biscuit wouldn't be able to look me in the eye afterwards
Here's a yahoo that was sent in by game recognized game Rachel Sperling. Thank you Rachel
It's by yahoo answers user Debbie who asks
Can I bring frozen pizzas in my carry-on or hold in hand?
wait
Is okay is this is this is the question is the question?
like can I bring frozen Pete like pizzas that are still frozen right or can I
Prepare a frozen pizza as a mid-flight snack and bring it upon the plane with me
Cuz this is not this form
But it is a question that I've often asked of like is it cool to bring this hamburger that I bought in the airport on
The plane with me like you bought in the airport. Yes
It's fair game
If you made the hamburger at home and then you brought it or worse yet
You bring with you a patty and some iceberg lettuce and some tomatoes individually in their own three three ounce bags
And then you assemble it on the plane and do a little bit of prep work there and do a little bit of BAM
Kick it up a notch there. Well, hold on spicy rub that you know, what if you take it to a full show, right?
And you're like Benihana
In it up over there is you're like flipping the tomato in the air and catching it on the burger and everyone around you like
Oh, he's a real burger professional. Look at that burger boy
I'm gonna go ahead and say that they will not allow you to bring a Japanese griddle on the plane
That's a draft. Did you look I?
Can check the TSA guidelines
But I'm pretty sure Japanese griddles are like number one on their things cuz like you put that in the hands
Of a of a splinter agent and I don't want to I don't want to be down wolf
I don't want to be dour, but you put it put it in the hands of somebody with something to prove
You know you you we all know the regulations about liquor when you're going on a flight and we've learned to build our lives around
Those small bottles that we can carry with us on planes
but what we have what I don't think has been addressed fully by TSA guidelines when I'd be interested in testing is
Could you just bring a pizza like?
Obviously you're not buying a frozen pizza in the airport. That's insane. That doesn't happen
I've never even seen a freezer in an airport so like obviously you're not doing that
So this person is saying they're going to just have a they're gonna have their suitcase. They're gonna have their carry-on bag
they're going to have a
Tombstone just a fully frozen like ready-to-cook tombstone. Yeah, is that getting through the TSA?
Justin, are you talking about like just going and like grabbing a hot and ready and like going through security?
Yes, I can't see why they would stop you. They can't stop you right. This is a great
This is a great this brings up another great question and this question is really splintering off into a beautiful question tree
But if I take my proactive
Which is a three-step topical application that I use to fight my battle against bad skin every day of my life
But Griffin you have great skin. I know it's the proactive anymore on that same tip
If I freeze that shit, can I bring as much as I want?
If I if I freeze it in a giant ice cube, and then I bring it on
a sled
What if it's an extra saucy pizza and after it defrosts you?
You bring it out in the bathroom, and you squeeze out four ounces of marinara like good job. I guess
Really you really skirted our nation's security for sure, but then they would update it wouldn't they and then they'd be like no
Solids over three ounces like what it's too saucy
We've been very antagonistic towards this person, but is it possible they're going someplace
Where where pizzas outlawed maybe they're they're a pizza outlaw like the state of Tennessee like the state
Is outlawed and only outlaws have pizza only outlaws have pizza
They never talk about that, but that's fact if you outlaw pizza only outlaws will have pizza
That's a good point our war on pizza has been a colossal failure
Yeah, the streets now than there was in 1998 when we began
I don't even know what Tennessee's trying to achieve with that law if your pizza if you're bringing your pizza either on your carry-on
Or just literally holding it in your hand that is not good smuggling technique
No, but Griffin you're getting it all wrong
It's so it's it's so blatant that there's no way they'll suspect you like the TSA agents would be like well
He wouldn't he wouldn't just carry the pizza on the plate. He's got to have like shirts folded up in that box, right?
Like yeah, well yeah, I mean yes Travis except when you touch down in Chattanooga
You better believe the pizza police are gonna be on you like
Instantly you better be smuggling it in your tummy cuz that's a solid like three hour flight for me
Like I don't know that scanner that you go through where they put make you put your arms up like you're doing the YMCA
That will detect pizza in your tummy and listen all want to walk around Rock City munching on some pizza
We all want to do that, but you know what sometimes the law is the law and it's not okay to eat pizza in Tennessee
And I get that even though Rock City is the perfect place to consume pizza. We all know that
It's in the guidebooks from pre 1998 before pizza was outlawed
But unfortunately the the governor just won't allow you to have pizza in Tennessee
And that's fact look it up the most you know the most annoying part about the pizza band
Is that you could still totally get pizza when you're in when you're in?
Tennessee you just like you just have to know like the right places to go there are these doors you knock on them
And there's like a secret pizza club. They call them speak Cheezys
And you just go in and you and you can get that pizza like like prohibited pizza. No problem any topic
There's just like a guy like named Jimmy knuckles at the pizza bar
When you do that you know you're just contributing to like the organized
You know pizza families and like alco calzone, and you're just like giving money back to the evil right
That's why I see is going down the tubes
Calzone is how he got it in we just folded them over
Let me see that sandwich. It looks like you got cheese sauce and meat in there
No, it's a calzone office. We just unfold the calzones. They're all just going to get a calzone loophole
Oh, yeah, no don't take it to be so great I Kyle Canaan has a great bit on his album where he talks about like
Then he was flying next to this dude
He brought just like a plastic bag full of waffles and syrup just like loose waffles and syrup
And it's like eating them out of the bag
And that's what this sounds like to me like you're gonna take a frozen pizza
Which I think is pre-cooked allow it to thaw throughout the flight so like as you're like doing the descent
You're just munching on some soggy defrosted pizza. I
I once sat next to a woman who had a tub
This is this is I swear. This is true Rachel is with me
We were flying next to this woman who had a tub a country crock tub only there was not country crock inside the tub
It was some sort of crazy tuna salad and she was dipping some wheat thins into it
This was the flight before
Through security. Yeah, this was our flight before our flight to Japan
And I was like if I if it was the flight to Japan I would have called the air marshal
I would have literally ripped open the the emergency exit and kicked this woman out of the plane con air style
Because there's that's and that's like a 10-hour flight, and I'm not gonna have an intercontinental tuna fish adventure
You kick that tuna fish idiot out of the plane. You just look at everybody else and like no ticket
I love it and also like no ticket, but also she did have tuna fish salad and oh my god
sweet god it was like tuna fish and
Just a really fragrant because even if she eats every bit of it in the first hour. It's like it's a linger
It's a linger. Oh, yeah, it's in the play. It's a self-contained system
Yeah, there's just you're not getting additional off your recycling
Just air for nine hours while everybody watches Twilight new moon on the back of their seats. You're like that
It's like that one restaurant in the airport that only serves the stinkiest salads
And I don't know where it is, but some people do because they're bringing them on the plane
This is a this flight is going to be on an American Airlines stink bullet 727
It's a it captures and contains stink and we have installed special fans to really circulate it
so if any person on the plane is eating, I don't know some some sort of
Spiced wilted greens that smells gonna be just everywhere
It's gonna please enjoy norbit on a loop for the next eight hours
It's gonna smell kind of like some sort of airborne nursing home. It's gonna be really great
Thanks for listening to our show. What's your time time check? We're yet time check. I'm at
twenty seven minutes and fifteen seconds in three two one
Mark, okay, we're good. Cool. We did it. We made it through without you shitting the bed. It really wasn't my fault this time
It's audacity just gobbling up like audacity was editing me like do you realize that I'm actually like this part isn't funny
I'm not not today junior. No today. I'm not putting this in the park
We want to say thanks again to me on DS
Who are dedicated to offering you the most comfortable underwear if you go to me on these comm slash my brother you can get
20% off your first order I will be buying another round soon until eventually
My hope is to have 30 days of me undies every day for a month. Do you do laundry once a month?
No, but that is my goal to be able to just rotate through you
Don't want to like have like two pairs that you're washing and wearing every two days. You'll wear them out
I want enough that I can rotate in a new cycle. I get it. I get it
Let's see. Let's let's burn. I we did all of this
Work bear with us. We have some yes fairly important stuff in the housekeeping, but we'll move
So we got the la pod fest in September September 18th through 20th. Is that right? That is correct. Okay, so we're doing that
We're gonna do a live in a bim-bam and the first ever live adventure zone
If you're in LA get tickets at la pod fest comm come see us
There's a bunch of other great shows if you don't live in LA you can watch us and all the other great shows
streaming live
You can get a $25 pass to watch all of the shows that you want during la pod fest streaming live
But if you use the coupon code brother or zone when you're getting that ticket
You can save five bucks and also put a few bucks into our pocket, which we certainly appreciate
So it'll be $20 total and you can stream all those shows again go to la pod fest comm
You can get the streaming tickets there use the coupon code brother or zone and it's our time for like a month
So even if you're not available on the day go ahead and buy it now before you forget
And then you'll have a whole month to check everything out. We have live shows coming up later this week. Holy shit
In we're gonna be in the Pacific Northwest. We're gonna be in Portland Seattle and Vancouver Portland
Sold out. I'm sorry
We had a few tickets go up or last week and the venue didn't put them up when when we thought they were going to
And so there was a whole kerfuffle
We are we're really sorry if you tried to get tickets for that and couldn't because of the delay
Seattle and Vancouver there are still tickets available for you Portland. You just go up to Seattle. It's pretty close
We're making the drive also Portland
I don't want to encourage too many people to do this because there's no guarantee on this
But you could always try like standby and hope that like people bought tickets
But don't show up that happens from time to time
So you can come down to the venue night of and try to get on a standby list
But once again, yeah, there's no guarantee that no guarantee Seattle and Vancouver here is a guarantee though
Go to bit.ly forward slash in BNB am Seattle or bit.ly forward slash van in BNB
Am and you can get tickets for the shows and those shows are this coming Saturday for Seattle and Sunday
For Vancouver if you're gonna be at the show start sending in questions now
Please put Portland
Seattle or Vancouver into the subject line so we know which show you're gonna be at
We'll also be doing like live questions at the shows from audience members
So if you want to you can like come up on stage, but just remember like keep it short
No bummers and just be ready to go. I need my yahoo warriors to drew Rachel
Zoe Ira the whole crew. I need all y'all Jacob
Yeah, yeah, I need like 25 it's a it's a tall order
So please send those in this week and and I'll start going through them. We have them a bim-bam game jam going on right now
It's in BMJ am comm for more tea details on that
It's gonna run I think for the next couple weeks and people can make games based on their favorite bits and I'm looking forward to it
I think Drew Davenport is making something an RPG maker for the original place
Which I I am so happy about I've still got my what is it my card card shark?
What it was it? Oh shit. I bought a thing
No
It was like a thing that you could like plug your memory card into and alter data on your computer and I would use it
To download RPG makers quote levels like off of the Internet man. I was a huge nerd
If you want a spot in the money zone go to maximum fun org slash jumbotron be aware
We have a bit of a backup so we can't like do a birthday message for you next month
Then you would like us to talk about in like four months three months
Yeah
Get it on it now go to maximum fun org forward slash jumbotron and while you're at maximum fun org
Check out all the other shows the other max fun shows. We got judge John Hodgman
Stop podcasting yourself the flop house lady to lady one bad mother a lot of really great shows all there
Thanks, John Roderick the long winners for the use of the same song
It's a departure off the album put into the days to bed. You should buy that album. I'm gonna listen to it
Yeah, I agree
Finally, I who hit me this funny. I who was sent in by Zoe Kinski climbing that ladder. Thank you
Zoe Kinski, it's by Yahoo answers user
ne Ohio independent who asks
What kind of situations are going on in CNN situation room?
Okay, I'm Justin Mac. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy. It's been my brother my brother me kiss your dad
God put it in the can I don't want to do this episode ever again
You
You maximum fun org comedy and culture artist-owned listener supported
