The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert but if there's a degree on his wall I haven't
seen it. Also this show isn't for kids which I
mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for
listening. What's up you cool baby?
You guys hear about this? I hear I see iron mics back in the headlines.
Jesus Christ. You heard about this? This is just how my mind works.
Should we go? No no keep it on hit. We don't need more light. Justin does.
He clearly needs this. And listen I don't want to tell the people who
work here how to do their jobs but what he's doing is more important than what
me and Travis are doing right now. We're a glorified audience. Can you turn the lights off
of me and Travis. And if you want to mute our mics. It's just always such a joy to
be back in the in the Lost Cruises funny bone. Y'all are always the best audience.
So iron mics back in the headlines. I've had I've had some they they don't
mention that in the safety. That's great. He he hit someone in an airplane several
times. If you didn't. They don't mention.
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show
for the modren era. Wait a minute. I'm your oldest brother Justin
McElroy and I'm guessing we have not been here before. Is that accurate?
Cuz this the second time you all will see it's much deluded from this. So I'm
loving this. Getting it raw. The second time it's a lot more like oh yeah it's
amusing not funny but amusing. I'm your middle brother Travis McElroy and I'm
your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy.
If if you say so man. I am just so thrilled to be here in the Paris of the
Plains as I call it the city the city of fountains soccer capital of America. We
want the World Cup. Am I right? Yeah. And it's also called the center of America
mainly cuz it's the center of America. I mean draw an X. We're here babe. This is
the heartland right here. We're here. I call it the cool Kansas City. Am I
right?
Fuck the other Kansas. Fuck that other Kansas City for real. Hey there's a lot of you
here. If we all teamed up we could beat bad Kansas City's ass. They'd never see it
coming. This is an advice show. We took a don't be jealous but we took a bus to
get here. Now Justin was it a fancy tour bus like Garth Brooks might have? Um no.
It was just a regular bus with cupholders. Just like with some cupholders. There
was a there was a turlet in the back. No no TP which I see you. Thank you. I get it.
No TP no sink. So it's really just a wet bus hole. The sink the sink had a paper
sign in it that said do not use. So several of us did use the bathroom so
we all kind of exchanged this glance like we'll never speak of this right? I didn't
you didn't right? Did you bring hand sanitizer? Okay. But they did have one
DVD on the bus and the one one a single DVD and the bus driver found it and was
like let me see if we have any other DVDs but we told him to stop because the
DVD was Space Jam and we said that stop looking. I want to talk about and I'm so
sorry it's a beloved classic. Here he goes. There's a huge plot hole in this. He
hasn't already lost you enough now he's gonna attack Space Jam. But it bothered the shit out of me
today watching it. Right at the beginning Michael Jordan is crushed into a
basketball by the Monstars and then later he's surprised that his body can
contour into different shapes. Excuse me Michael you already done did it once. I'm
just saying some inconsistencies in Space Jam. She's Andrew Dice Clay over here tonight.
I don't mean to be. It did get it did inspire my oldest son to once again just
check with me that Michael Jordan's a real person and not a creation of the
Warner Brothers entertainment conglomerate. Our dad as far as I know
did not read a book or look at a screen other than the movie Space Jam. He watched
the entirety of it wrapped and I know that because every few minutes he would
announce the name of the person on the screen. Jim Rome look at him. Muggsy Bogues
look at him. Five foot three Muggsy Bogues is. You can be anything you want to be.
Thank you that's the message of tonight's tonight's evening is you can
live your dreams. You can be anything you want to be. What a beautiful venue by the
way. No kidding. We were blown away this is you are so fortunate to have this is a
lovely place. I asked who made the chandelier and nobody would tell me. What?
Yeah I asked around I was like did you make it? They're afraid you copy it. Yeah
I guess. This is as you've certainly guessed by now an advice show and we're
you sent us your questions and we are gonna do our very best to answer them.
Which isn't very good. No it's not good. There will also be skits if you've
never listened before. What? There'll be skits and sketches and bits. There'll be
bits. Okay here's the first question. For my job one of the things I've always had
to do is stock the work fridge full of snacks. What a weird part of
someone's adult job to have. Someone's got to do it. I'm the CEO of Apple.
I live in Kansas City. Once kind of as a joke I got gogurts. Much to my surprise
they were almost immediately gone. So I restocked them and have been doing so
for the last two and a half years. That's a lot of gogurt. That's a lot of gogurt.
Mama Mia. Recently the grocery store I go to stopped stocking them so I stopped
buying them for work. That'll teach them. Yesterday my boss's boss came up to my
desk, mind you this is the first time I've ever formally met this person, and
asked if there's anything I can do to get the gogurts back. Brothers, how do we
get more gogurt? Then that's from hurtin' for a gurtin'.
It's good. It's very good. In case they hurtin' for a gurtin'. It's excellent. Are you, are you here? Yeah. Okay, got it.
Okay, that sounds like someone who doesn't know how to source gogurt. Hey,
real quick, just by a round of applause, if you live in this region and could buy
gogurt tomorrow, please applaud. Okay, thank you. This was my suspicion. Just
tell the truth, you didn't want to buy gogurt anymore. I get it, they're pricey.
I do understand if you go to the place closest to your house and they have
everything but gogurt, the idea of being like, time to make a second stop for the
gogurt. Gross. But like, what is this store that's like, I don't know, we sell
through all this gogurt all the time, but it's just one person. Maybe we should
stop selling it. I'm worried about them. We have to stop selling it, but they're
eating eight gogurts a day. Maybe you've maximized efficiency so much that word
has spread that gogurt is the new work fuel. Oh, because it's so quick.
No spoons, no bowls to wash. I could blast down a gogurt in... Can we get a
gogurt to try it out? If we can have a... Yeah, Paul, gogurt? No, we don't have any gogurt.
If I need gut bacteria in the next 11 seconds... There is no way. I would swear
on a sack of Bibles that there is no bacteria in gogurt whatsoever. I mean,
not the good kind. It's not probiotic. I was gonna say it's antibiotic, but that
we probably would have heard about that. Why are both of those things good?
Where's the middle ground? Where's just biotic? Antibiotic is good. Probiotic's
good. It's when they get out of... It's like midichlorians.
That's why Jamie Lee Curtis can move things with her mind. Gogurt is like the
new Soylent for people that like to have a good time. Gogurt is a
complete meal. It's got go, it's got gurt, it's everything you need for the day.
It's got cream, it's got flavor, it's got cold. And sometimes there's SpongeBob on
the package. If your company is only given 25 second breaks, that's perfect time to
just slurp it down. You can do that as you walk to your one bathroom break for
the day. No problem. You remember the commercials for like Yoplait fruit at
the bottom where they mix it up a little bit and then... And it's like I've got
reports to file. I've got clients I need to interface with. With the fruit at the top,
in the middle, in the bottom. I'm busy. No fruit, just cream. Fast, fast cream.
If I could crush it into my face. What about gogurt? Yes! They should call it
fast cream for business. Sometimes when I'm on my way to do brain surgery and I
only have a little bit of time between brains, I need a quick gogurt.
I need a very fast... I'm an adult doctor with responsibilities. And a hunger for cream.
Get me a gogurt with Anna on it. They do need to have like... It can still be the
same stuff in the thing, but do have it be say fast, fast cream for business on
the label. Yeah. And have like someone with... They should have a line of gogurt that's just like black and white with like a business man in a suit like, huh, time to go.
This tastes like tobacco. Mmm, good. Is this resin? I love this. I don't know how good of a job you do.
At your job. But if you've ever watched Survivor, you know that you want to be
the one person that knows how to fish, because they're not gonna vote you off
right away, because they'll get hungry. Unless you're a big person, in which case
they are gonna cut you loose as soon as you hit the merge. Yeah, it's a big strong person, they'll
get you get rid of you at the merge. But the point is, I... You can't be sure that you
are not hanging on by a gogurt. Yeah. The one person that knows how to get gogurt, because
apparently the boss's boss can't get their own gogurt. They have to come to
you, their dealer. If another human being... The Gurt Smith. If another human being who is in charge of
people, who are in charge of people, has to lower themselves to ask you, another
human being, what can we do to get more gogurt? Yeah, that was not it. That person had to
psych themselves up for that conversation for days. Like, no, I'm just gonna ask him.
I'm gonna ask him today, honey. I'm gonna... You can't. I have to. I don't know where to get it.
My productivity's down some. I can't do it without gogurt. It's also an optics
thing, though, because if you're somebody's boss's boss, you can't roll up to the
Kroger and be like, hmm, 12 packages of gogurt for me, please. I'm going to the
opera later. So you're saying the employees at this Kroger are like, wait a
minute. You're a boss. You can't be buying gogurt. No, no, no. Not just a boss. A super boss.
You're one of the super bosses. You have bosses that answer you. Fantastic. I hope that helps.
Go to another store. I had you right early. Yeah, I have a... I've got a gogurt guy in
Kansas City I can hook you up with. He's got the special swamp berry flavor
from... That was a promotion for Shrek Forever After. It's gonna cost you extra,
but your co-workers will taste the difference. It's a finely aged... You can
tell from the... It's gogurt cheese. You can tell from the rind on the outside. It's
perfect. It's ready. Oh, this is... This is funky. Can I say that? This is funky.
This is a funky gogurt, and I love it. Is this frozen? No, it's just solid. No, yeah.
I'm sorry, by the way. I'll pack up my things and go. I work at a college, and my
co-workers and I... Yeah, okay. Yeah, college is good, if you want. I work at a college, and my
co-workers and I volunteered to help some nursing students with a disaster
simulation. I was giving closed head... Sorry, I think that should be... I was given.
Given. Although I do like... You're giving closed head wound. You're giving massive
trauma. Category is closed head wound. I was given closed head wound, which
basically means a concussion. My co-workers were given more intense
injuries, and some even used moulage. I don't know what that means. We all know
moulage is the art. I do know what it is. What is it? No, you go. Makeup, you say.
Is it like decoupage? No, but I can listen to you say that word all day. Is it
like decoupage? You say it like a spy in like a 1940s movie delivering a secret.
Ah, my friends. Is it makeup? Is it like blood makeup? It's like a cast. Okay,
that's fine. So fucking funny. I've been asked to participate again, and while I
know it's important to have people with minor injuries, brothers, I want to know
how I can beef up my performance. That's from It's Only a Flesh Wound. Are you
here? All right. All right, good. Now the first thing I do have to say before we
move on is that there are no small injuries. Yeah, they can get terribly
infected and kill you. Travis or Griffin, one of them once got a pine tree needle
stuck in their foot, had to go in for surgery. Anything can spiral out of
control at any time. I got a kidney stone, little old thing stuck in my pee-pee
works, took G-Man out of commission for the better part of a month. So they had
to send Dennis Quaid in there in a tiny submarine to get it out. True, had to blast it.
Anything could happen. I got a boner and crushed a man inside of me. Unrelated,
those two things. And that's what happened to Randy Quaid. If you're
curious, he's still mad at Griffin. You killed my brother! You killed my tiny brother
with your boner! Again! Again! That's how I lost Ralph Quaid. He was the best of us!
How did Randy Quaid get inside my wiener? No, Randy didn't. In this picture, Dennis
did, was killed by your boner, and it made Randy so mad. Oh, I thought you were
saying Randy Quaid was shrunk down in a urinal and like shot up my pee stream the other way.
So here's what you could do. Screaming, hey boys, I'm back! Okay, so hey, so here's one thing you
could do. Because my wiener kidnapped Randy Quaid in the 90s. One thing you could do, you do the
concussion, that's child's play, anybody could do that, but you also add on
another injury, just sort of on the side, just sort of along the way. Hey, while
you're looking at this, is this normal? And then you pull aside your tuxedo
jacket and you get a knife wound in there. Yeah, it's got to be good, too. It
can't just like, I got a hurt elbow or whatever, like a piece of rebar through.
You have like, you know, it's like one of those arrows through the head, but it's
rebar. One they do on an old Sweeps Week episode of Grey's Anatomy. Oh, there's a
bomb in my tummy! Something like that. The other students are like, hey, she's doing it again, she's
adding other injuries that we're not supposed to do. What? No, I'm not! Be cool! Be cool! Be cool!
I gotta follow my blitz. They said that they have an alien in their head, and that's why
the injuries. I did not! I did not. It's in my tummy. Where aliens belong. You could draw
like a, with black marker, like a crack on your head, and it'd be like, this is a
this is a real humdinger of a concussion I got over here. It could be the story
behind the concussion. It's not related to the hurricane that happened. No, it's
just like, here's what happened. Like, I got a concussion from a long time ago. It's a long
time concussion I've been meaning to see somebody about, and maybe you could help
me with that. It always acts up during hurricanes. I got a concussion so bad. Oh, there's a hurricane coming.
Oh, my concussion! Oh, what if the concussion gave you psychic powers, and now they have to deal with that.
Hey, I got phenomenon, and now I can, I have psychic powers. I got a concussion so
bad I fell on this knife, so I need you to do both of them for me. The knife hit
me real hard, and then bounced into my tummy. A phenomenon on me. I did get telekinesis,
but I do not know how to use it. Exhibit A, the knife. Trying to cut a steak,
instead I cut a me. Well, maybe you will get a better injury next time. That's
always possible. Or trade with somebody lazy. Yeah, somebody would love a
concussion. Yeah. That way you don't, you can just show up tired. Nobody would be
bad enough. I'm gonna go to sleep. Wait, no! No, stop! Or you could show up with rebar
through your body, and just be like, you can't give me something else. I'm, you got
to dress for the wound you want, you know? Yes, yes. Also, how good are you all at
fixing stuff? Because I do actually need... This is not makeup. This is, I need medical
attention right now. But please be careful. I'm just borrowing the rebar. I
do have to take it back. My dad's gonna be so pissed if I don't get his rebar
back to him. He's a foreman. The office I work in in downtown KC, that's Kansas
City, has big open staircases down the middle of the building, and I get the
pleasure of sitting directly in front of them on the second floor. Every time
someone walks down the stairs, I have severe anxiety that I will look up, make
eye contact, and cause someone to trip. And then we will have locked eye contact
for the duration of their fall. Are you a gyroscope? Yeah, I don't think that, that
part I don't think will happen, to be clear. How do I ensure that I'm not the
cause of these falls? Should I avoid eye contact at all times, or will that make
me seem unfriendly and standoffish? That's from Stressed Stair Watcher in
Kansas City, Missouri. Are you here? All right. Way back there, because you know
you can't make eye contact with us. With your incredible hypnotic eye contact,
sends people to their doom. I'm pretty sure this is the plot of While You Were
Sleeping. Is it? I don't think that's right. And it's so old that it doesn't
matter?
That's my new persona, by the way. Yeah, guy who doesn't like While You Were
Sleeping. What a, what a shithead. Who likes that guy? That movie's great. Nobody
is going to look, like after they fall, and the police arrive, presumably. No one
is going to say, it was, it was her! She did it! She locked me with eye contact and
then I beefed it! It was all her fault! Because it could be just as
likely that they really wanted to make eye contact with you, and were terribly
distracted by the fact that you would not look at their eyeballs. That's true.
I, okay, but here's the problem, Justin. You're right. The first time. But after it
happens five or six times. Never happened. It's never, I want to be clear. It's never happened.
This is because they're being careful now. Super clear. Love it. Has not happened.
This is fun, because you guys are like the good, like the angel and the devil of
anxiety on my shoulders. That's like, if you look at someone, they will trip. And
Justin's like, nah dog, don't worry about it. But Travis's anxiety, like, yeah man,
it's definitely for sure, for sure, for sure, for sure. I'm just saying there's a
middle ground between the fifth or sixth time. It's the third time. The third time.
But if you're saying it hasn't happened or it's happened six times, the middle
ground is three. No, the middle time is one time, because it will never happen.
It could happen. Okay, listen. Listen. Advice. The whole time you ever see
anyone walking down the stairs, just go, don't trip. Don't trip. Do not trip. Don't
look at me. Don't look at me. Look at the stairs. Right foot, left foot, right foot,
left foot. Grab the rail. Grab the rail. I will say, you know what, point of order,
anytime that I've ever made eye contact with someone I don't know, it did prompt
me to immediately focus extremely hard on what I was doing at that exact second.
If I even fleetingly saw, was looking at someone, they look at back at me, I'm
immediately like fascinated by the art of walking down stairs. I've never done
anything so compelling in my entire life. Yeah, if I know someone's watching me
navigate stairs, I'm gonna want to do the best damn job I can going down those
stairs. Really? I'm not even doing a funky little step. That's how you fall down. It's not your fault at all. It's hubris.
You like this shit? Whoa! I deserve that! It's not on you, it's on me! It's on me. I tried to see you walk down the stairs.
Oh, hello there. Didn't see you come in. I'm Travis McElroy. You might know me as
the middlest brother from My Brother, My Brother, and Me, a podcast that you're
currently listening to. But I'm also a language enthusiast. Yes, that's correct.
Language. I love it. But how does it work, you ask? Well, it's easy. You learn the
you learn the words and you learn what they mean and then you can say them to
people so then they understand. You get it, right? Well, if you
don't get it, and I'm starting to think that perhaps I don't, you could check out
Babbel. Babbel is the language learning app that sold more than 10 million
subscriptions. It's fun, it's easy to use. I've used it to practice French. I enjoy
it. I find the lessons easy to understand and fun to do. With Babbel, you only need
10 minutes to complete a lesson so you can start having real-life conversations
in a new language in as little as three weeks. Other language learning apps use AI
for their lesson plans, but Babbel lessons were created by over 150 language
experts. And with Babbel, you can choose from 14 different languages including
Spanish, French, Italian, and German. So right now, save up to 60% off your
subscription when you go to babbel.com slash my brother. That's babbel.com slash
my brother for up to 60% off your subscription. Babbel, language for life.
I also can't recommend this enough, but you should be checking out Stitch Fix at
this point because, listen, we all have those clothes, you know, and you're like,
this is what looks good on me. I don't know. Is there something else? I don't
know. But when you walk into a store, maybe you're overwhelmed or you don't
even know where to start, that's what Stitch Fix is for because it's time to
update your style. It is, all right? So maybe you need a little nudge to find
some new looks. Stitch Fix will help you out. I've done it. I've been using Stitch
Fix for literally years now, and I've been able to upgrade my wardrobe, I would
say, 99% of the time. If somebody says, that's a great shirt, or those are great
pants, or where did you get those shoes? The answer is Stitch Fix. So first, you
take a few minutes to set up your Stitch Fix style profile, answer a few questions
about what you like to wear, what you don't, and, you know, like, styles you're
open to, that kind of thing. And then they have expert stylists that will go to
work finding items that work for you, that fit your size, style, and your budget,
which is one of my favorite parts. And they will send you five pieces to try on
at home. You keep what you love, send back what you don't, and only pay for what you
keep. Shippings, returns, and exchanges are easy and free. So sign up today at
stitchfix.com slash my brother to get $20 off your first purchase. That's
stitchfix.com slash my brother to get $20 off your first purchase. Limited time
offer, apply within two days of sign up. And listen, before you go, don't go, wait,
stop, don't go anywhere. Make sure to check out the Approach the Wizard shirt
over at mcroymerch.com, designed by Dana Wagner, and 10% of all merch proceeds
this month will go to the Trans Youth Equality Foundation. Pre-orders for the
Adventure Zone 11th Hour are available now. You can go to theadventurezonecomic.com
to pre-order. Thank you to everybody who came out to see us in
Salt Lake City, Portland, and San Diego. If you want to get tickets for our next
tour, it's Washington DC, Detroit, and Cincinnati in November. Get those tickets
at bit.ly slash mcroytours. And mask and proof of full vaccination or negative
COVID test within 72 hours of event start is required. So thank you, and enjoy
the rest of the episode.
Hi, my name is Graeme Clark, and I'm one half of the podcast Stop Podcasting
Yourself, a show that we've recorded for many, many years. And at the moment,
instead of being in person, we're recording remotely, and you wouldn't
even notice. You don't even notice the lag. That's right, Graeme, and the great
thing about this... go ahead. No, you go ahead. Okay, go ahead. And you can listen
to us every week on MaximumFun.org. Or wherever you get your podcasts. Your
podcasts. Hi, it's me, Dave Hill from before, here to tell you about my brand
new show on Maximum Fun, the Dave Hill Good Time Hour, which combines my old
Maximum Fun show, Dave Hill's podcasting incident, with my old radio show, the
goddamn Dave Hill Show, into one new futuristic program from the future. If
you like delightful conversation with incredible guests, technical difficulties,
and actual phone calls from real-life listeners, you've just hit a street
called easy. I'm also joined by my incredible co-host, the boy criminal Chris
Gersbeck. Say hi, Chris. Hey, Dave, it's really great to... That's enough, Chris. And New
Jersey chicken rancher Dez. Say hi, Dez. Hey, Dave. Dave Hill Good Time Hour, brand
new episodes every Friday on Maximum Fun. Plus, the show's not even an hour,
it's 90 minutes. Take that, stupid rules. We nailed it.
You
wait is this right this can't be right here now we're trying to do a live show
and there's a haunted doll watch I am so so sorry and like honestly embarrassed
let's meet our first guest positive Leroy well his full name is positive
Leroy died in fire positive Leroy died in fire still positive though you don't
have no limits he's positive Leroy died in a fire oh no this is 18 year old Leroy
he passed away a long time ago in you guessed it a fire he's obsessed with
girls now as any 18 year old would be little hetero Norden from my taste but
all right he had a girlfriend when he passed and washed over her until she
went to heaven why is positive Leroy wearing small
zoobas why is he shrugging so David Spade's haircut nobody knows he said he's
stuck here but won't explain why it's cuz he's a doll he wants the babes he
loves no babes in heaven no babes in heaven please show him love and
compassion know that yes he may flirt with you oh don't give in this beautiful
boy positive Leroy died in fire died in fire please mr. died in flight was my
dad call me positive Leroy he likes to communicate through the necrophonic app
k2 pendulum and lights up cat balls I don't know what that means but let's go
with it there cat toys that light up if you have any questions please message me
I have a few your experience may be different from mine I assure you
it is I can't just from that that's positive Leroy look at his little toes
he's like so beautiful and special I don't think he's that creepy and he's
shrugging like died in a fire it's a it's a living thanks for the cardigan
wait this can't be right another haunted doll this one's a negative Leroy
welcome to the stage Laurie neutral Lauren lived in fire whoa no no no
that's Lauren this is a hateful brooch haunted dolls active metaphysical it's
Lauren I love that this spirit is so fun can I tell you what's weird Griffin
that's a mirror I love that this spirit is so fun yeah she is she is a
mysterious lady this one she will always change her name and voice her story has
yet to be consistent she often says the name Lauren so I'm going with that shit
Lauren likes to just have fun with you you'll hear her skipping whistling with
what body you'll hear her skippling whistling falling down the some stairs
rolling only if you make eye contact with her she also likes to show shadows
Lauren is very bubbly and wait it's wait a second yeah that's the that's the way
it don't do that that fast because it makes it a lot it's looking at me with
that picture oh no she also likes to show shadows Lauren is very bubbly and
always happy for reasons that honestly escape me she is a fun spirit to have in
a home no why did you do why did you spend so much time on this animation
Paul Lauren is very bubbly and always happy she's a fun spirit to have in a
home no returns how did she die though she didn't this is a living person's
face adhered to an old picture frame you ever seen dr. who yeah if you choose to
adopt her into your life please understand something of great
importance you got ripped off spirits do not always reveal themselves immediately
they do not perform on command you need to give them time and space sometimes
it happens right away but it's quite rare more often than not a spirit needs
months to feel comfortable well past the return window right to feel comfortable
enough to begin showing activity by then you won't even remember where you got it
yeah and I'll have canceled this account it also depends on your own experience
with the paranormal at times I have had experiences right away but usually I'll
hear from them a month or even up to six months later when things are happening
finally I cannot stress it enough give spirits time give them space remain
open-minded and you will be amazed God it's still there it's still there Paul
so here so we've been taking haunted doll watch in some interesting new directions
as we delve deeper into metaphysical eBay and I'm so excited about our next
offering our third and final offering Paul if you would be so kind what yes
he's he's my favorite SoundCloud rapper now what do we have on offer here well
my friends it's a wish from the Lord billionaire King Jin now I was
worried with this that when I saw the word jacquits yeah I thought that I
might be stumbling into some like cultural territory that's outside of my
no no no that's a made-up word Google it this is the only thing that comes up so
you get a wish from the Lord of jacquits what billionaire King Jin this is one
wish I mean no big like it's it's a wish from the Lord of jacquits what
billionaire King Jin manifest your desires into reality powerful and unique
to God master healers hey I'm a snake what do you need I'm a big snake what
do you need venom hissing sound oh you know but I know him I didn't not
available anywhere else one would hope supercharge your life with real magic
unique secret magic to God's master healers first time being offered with
public boys let me ask you a few questions yes sure are you tired of
being poor yeah do you want obscene amounts of money absolutely obscene
would you like money coming to you from all directions I will wait all
directions fancy giving up your day job and live your dreams yeah yeah I would
love to do that the most you would not see me on this stage again have you had
enough just making ends meet I may have the answer a billionaire Jim from my own
personal collection wait this this needs to be clarified immediately we're not
buying a gin no no you get one wish and not only that I saw it on the page you
get a note card to write your way okay billionaire gin I'm offering one wish
from my own billionaire gin Lord of jacquits what is over forty two thousand
eight hundred and thirteen years old what wait wow over that over that so
like months yeah yeah forty two thousand eight hundred thirteen and a half years
old and comes from first generation of jacquits my birthday is in September
go ahead and let me rent a car please me cool this billionaire gin has plenty of
experience in complex money-making rituals I have owned him just over 11
years and always helped me realize my financial dreams it's worth noting this
is on sale for $50 it's 50 pounds sorry 50 pounds which is roughly let's see 65
dollars and $18 shipping so the financial dreams can't have been that
fully realized right well that's what it is this is part of it is like I would
like to have a billion dollars to like you can so we're gonna set up an eBay
account my dude and you and me together this is how we're gonna do it you're
gonna sell wishes for me bing bang and then you're gonna hire people and
they're gonna sell wishes for you it's the world's first pyramid scheme I live
in a pyramid I'm a big I'm a big big snake I can I love pyramids I cannot
guarantee the time or how your wish will manifest but it will happen in time it
may be months it may be 40,000 years it may be years be careful what you wish
for as it cannot be reversed it's like hiring Dan Aykroyd and Gertz point-blank
it cannot be reversed it is not if it will work or not but do you really want
what you're asking for one more time it is not if it will work or not but do you
really want what you're asking for the sad truth is most people spend their
lives not knowing what they really want in life oh you have provided several
helpful prompts of what this gin can supply you to be fair they were all
money based and what have you right at the gym like I would like to be happy
it's like oh I can't do that do you want some money important this is in all caps
I don't think that's right it'll be like this somewhere between those two
important I do not want to know your wish please do not message me it's
birthday wish rules let me know your wish in the order details keep it
secret please for your sake and your immortal soul wait why it warned me I'm
not responsible for how your wish manifests I will not offer refunds or
return on this wish pact I will send you a pre-charged magical card with my gins
energy all you need to do is write your wish on the card and hide it that is all
and hide it the gin will do the rest that's simple no spells or bindings hide
it well enough so that your wife does not come home and say hey sweetheart
what on earth is this all right there that's a 50-pound wish my friend you
been well-spent I have limited wish cards available once the billionaire
Jan has placed his limit I will in this listing forever buy it now before it's
too late gotta get this fucking note card I mean and then wish for at least
51 pounds yeah I'm dabbling in these dark arts anyway that's our haunted doll
boy I'm terribly sorry to interrupt this is tour manager Paul with an important
interruption I promise it's important because this is the first ever Gert
alerts I have a very important update relating to go great and I really kind
of have to show you rather than tell you okay okay oh awesome
oh yeah my dude hey I'm not doing this but this will be the live show that you
saw Griffin house a whole go-kart because he said he could thank you Paul
now come on I'm not absolutely not I don't even like yogurt I thought I
thought you were cool okay everybody ready to film this great go-kart race
two brothers both alike and down me not a sponsor go-kart I need you to count
down Justin okay you guys ready we'll count down with you we'll do three two
months go looking what are you three two one go-kart you ready okay hold on okay
three two one go-kart
you guys are in for a raunchy night that was good was it good no it's good as hell
my dude that was really fucking good go-kart I get it that company they're
on some stuff right if that was alcoholic that's a party right there I
love that man you gotta do it I'll sip it one casually no make it make an
evening of it just sip it sip it while we answer the audience questions someone
is at the microphone come on down let's begin hi hi who was it too spicy I don't
like it I don't like it I don't like it hi hi my name is Michael hi Michael I
like your jacket love that look thank you sir get right up on that microphone
so Michael your sentence that you sent us was brothers should I keep digging
this big hole under my house I might take an early guess at no but I'm gonna
need more context okay so my wife and I recently got a new house or it's a very
old house and well we started doing some renovating and dug under some concrete
yeah yeah and we found like a brick archway oh shit and so we started
digging are there any runes this season on a course of Oak Island I haven't
checked yet but we're about you didn't check for runes Michael they'd be
glowing I've looked but all right we're seven feet in at this point I can stand
I'm pretty tall gentleman yeah and I can stand completely in this hole and just
just vanish yeah sure have you okay we haven't hit the bottom yet of the archway
no well it's a completely flat wall it's like plastered in okay holy so why don't
you worry about hitting pipes what have you hit pipe or demons at a certain
point I either have to keep going or have to stop yeah yeah if you dig if you
dig half a hole that's really not anything is it so you haven't you have
not exhumed the entire archway is what you're saying not completely I mean you
have to get the archway out Michael what do I what else can I do you can film it
for tick-tock yeah yeah you should have been filming this whole time no how much
of an archaeological background do you have to that qualifies you to this
exhumation also did you call fucking 4-1-1 to make sure you're not gonna zap
yourself you goofball we did check that there's no electrical going through it
they asked like out of curiosity why are you digging a big hole in your house
did you ask about lay lines between archways what if you punch through the
archway there's more house and let him talk there's a big hole under my house
yeah okay that's not new information my fucking time Michael I'm drinking
go-kart I have places to be you get another go-kart I wanted to know if the
banana one was good or not not as good a strawberry not Michael I'm scared that I
will yes your house will fall on you no no okay
because it's like a hundred and ten year old house yeah so it's down yeah no way
it would fall on you I'm scared that I'm either gonna unleash something yes or
find treasure and I don't know what way why are you scared of treasure don't be
scared well cuz then open your heart no cuz then everybody comes knocking oh
hey Michael I heard you hit me you struck gold um can I say there's a third
option you should be afraid of which is you do a lot of work and find nothing
yeah but like I already found a kick-ass archways I found a cool archway Michael
I I'm sorry to be the one to tell you this but you do have to keep going if
you do half of this it's nothing half of this is not true thank you you'll tell
this story to people and they'll be like so and you'll be like so I covered it up
and watch Wheel of Fortune like that's nothing nothing you have to finish you
have to finish in fact I would go so far as to say like invite people over I make
a day of it yeah you know many hands make light
exhumation of the weird archway just gets get some friends in and you know if
a demon shows up you got a little maybe a little meat between you and them yeah
yeah don't invite your best friends yeah you know your strong bad friends if
the moon is full maybe throw a tarp over that shit yeah if you hear whispers from
inside that sound like long-lost loved ones don't know tarp it's so hard if the
as bad as you want to know the truth the archway wants you even more yeah yeah
you have to know that does that help Michael that helps thank you thank you
next please oh thank you Amanda with our debonair cape okay and she's gone thank
you tuxedo mask hello hello hello hi hey are you a fancy moth person or is that
just what I'm gathering from the antennae they're horns they're horns
obviously Travis Monroe you said can I bring my unicycle into places I've
ridden to and set it in a corner while I go about my business and I mean my
immediate answer is only if you want to walk home but go on more details so my
car broke down this week and my only way to get around is with my unicycle yeah
so I'm wondering if I can bring it in places and like ask do you have a
unicycle parking section I don't and I don't have a bike lock because I didn't
have one before and I'd have to go out of my way there's no way to secure a
unicycle yeah it's so streamlined and steely no ha let them finish because the
rest of that was ask the cashier to what to watch it well you know that's
unacceptable right Monroe you could just you should just carry it cuz what keep
riding it what if there's a long hallway you want to be ready for that you'll be
so mad if you see a long hallway and you're like god damn it if only I had my
unicycle I could breeze through this you can also oh here's the move right you
take it in you look at the cashier and you go where do you usually keep this
at this point like unicycle I have a unicycle where where's your unicycle oh
I thought this was a high-class establishment can you give me what so
are you talking about like grocery shopping is that the kind of thing I
experienced you're talking about that you ride your unicycle to yeah or can I
like take the class and put it in the corner no you can't do that unless it's
clown college unless I would say if you go to the grocery store it's okay if
you buy three round objects of similar weight and size see but I can't do
anything with those I mean you could as long as you have like a big stick and
equally weighted things on either end you could do that I'd watch that all day
here's what I would say oh no this point I immediately poked a hole in my own
point but I'll say it anyway who's gonna steal a unicycle because very few people
know how to ride those home but I could just pick that shit up yeah I've had one
stolen from me before yeah really yeah I want to know that story my parents left
the garage open and it disappeared Wow what you think would be easily
identified later as the only other unicycle in town yeah if you see someone
riding it that's yours yeah unless you take two of them together and you're
like oh that could be a bicycle time for a little frontier justice get it back
does Casey have like a very active unicycle scene holy shit are you
fucking kidding me that was I thought a goof but okay then yeah apparently it's
pretty competitive don't ever let that shit out of your sight it's trying to
sound like you could just take someone else's home with you yeah does that does
that help sounds like the answer is no just use it with your legs and become
gizmo duck yes we can't keep giving that answer thank you thank you thank you
thank you Sam the person that asked the go-kart question initially asked if they
could have a go-kart if they have one saw just leave one just you did you have
one did you eat one yet I'm actually like savoring it I'm kind of having a
good time just an eating goat in fact you know what actually Sam never mind
these are our go-karts I'm really sorry yeah Gabriella hello hi you sent many
sentences which we frown upon and now we will shame you publicly no they were
good sentences though basically there's a fish tank pickup you're looking to
make with baggage yes go on so I grew up with fish and I really want to in the
scene this is like a raise my wool scenario or you don't reverse limp it
okay we gotta remember tonight we got to make a good impression so I really want
a fish tank but I'm kind of lazy and cheap so I'm not gonna put in the money
or the effort to actually do it myself yeah it's a lot of fucking work sounds
like another amazing is in the works listen I would take great care of them
yeah I'm sure no doubt so my brother is giving his away the only issue is I have
to take the fish that he is giving away as well and I really don't want them and
I don't know what to do with them I would rather just pick my own cool fish
yeah yeah fish his fish suck they suck and I don't know like they're real
they're real betas
proud of you is the problem that they are not good kinds of fish or that the
fish themselves have bad attitudes bad attitude isn't it yeah what are we
talking about what kind of fish they are sucker fish sucker fish wait hold on
there those are those are nice to keep the tank clean but we don't like we're
not here to critique real faces and fish right what kind of fish are you looking
to get what kind of cool fish I love like Molly's yeah got these yeah not a
sucker why do I have to be here for this come on Gabriella is your brother if you
can throw your brother's fish in the toilet you can I asked if I can flush
them down the toilet you can't flush them on this you put them in a pond or
don't do that don't do that with sucker fish they grow so big yeah they will
ruin that whatever you put them in so what do I do do I give them to a pet
store oh no I try to sell them on Craigslist I'm woefully unqualified to
answer this question I'm realizing this is a real sakes there are real fish
souls on the line here I can't is below me you should take them to a fish store
and give them to them see if you can trade them for better fish I'll give you
four sucker fish for two Molly's undercut people as they come in to buy a
fish like don't waste money on these department store fish that's good I got
some some boys are home right here these are farm to tank fish right yeah hey
listen by my brother's idiot fish it's either it's either you're the toilet
friend what do you think you taking home these beautiful fish today is that is
that anything it actually is really helpful I think I might try to trade
them okay yeah awesome okay hello hello hi Tanner yeah hello hi what's
hi what's your I mean I know kind of what your question is we considered
doing it in the first part of the show but then when we saw you send it in for
this part of the show we're like there's that's details we gotta fucking say the
sentence how do I get my boss to stop yelling frog bar at me okay so there's a
bit of history to this fucking of course there is Tanner so I'm in a design
course in which one of our projects was to create a hypothetical business yes we
were gonna designs like advertisements and social media for right so we
initially thought about cat cafe but someone mentioned something about frogs
and we decided to make a frog bar okay my design teacher is married to my boss
we presented the project she loved it so much she kept telling my boss about it
okay and now every time my boss sees me he'll be like hey frog bar yeah also
your boss has forgotten your name but remembers the kick-ass frog bar idea
because I'll remember frog bar for the route I'll be on my deathbed like frog
bar right but what does it mean hey what's a frog bar Tanner no wait don't
answer right away cuz I want to guess give us a second okay here's what it
could be yeah obviously is there a frog theme bar yeah better answer we had like
their senior frogs there's frog land USA and Ironton Ohio those are the two right
so other answer is it's a place where you can go and really be a frog sorry how
do you figure well you know how you're looking around you're like frogs got it
good you know they just sit around all day it's like a it's like a fart it's like a
frog action roleplay yes it could be a fart uh it could be a bar where they
serve different kinds of delicious frogs in different preparing different no
Tanner saying no to that one not that okay I know that's the listen in princess
and the frog the animated feature film I think we can all agree the curves you
they gave those frogs are this world and I don't have a follow-up to that it's
just something I wanted to say out loud in front of an audience of friends those
were those were some filth absolutely not
Tanner free us what's a frog bar so mostly it's just a frog themed bar but
we did hypothetically create like a side room where you could play with frogs if
you were several tears of interactivity if you've got the money we've got the
frogs baby the more you pay the more stuff they'll do
you're not a cop right okay you're to tell us if you're a cop what
Tanner what what you had to come up with a better bar idea than frog bar this
obviously that's not the the quality of frog bar is not the fucking problem no
I'm saying if Tanner has a better something that is stickier than frog
bar for the boss which it sounds like very little would be yeah I got nothing
you got an open frog bar Tanner yeah Tanner your dream come true yeah if you
make frog bar then you don't have to see your boss sitting oh there's good yeah
open frog bar and then you have a new boss it's you and you can hang a sign
you can hang a sign on the outside of frog bar with a picture of your boss on
it that says like this boss is not allowed inside of this guy's a real
frog you don't go to frog bar right oh Tanner there's a huge audience for frog
bar does that help sure yeah sure yeah we just changed your life is all golly
god it's like Tony Robbins is up here all of a sudden he said not shitty Jenny
last last audience question hello Jenny hi Jenny the question you sent in is I'm
living in someone's attic and don't know the etiquette of bringing home a suitor
teehee the teehee really sold it by the way now right off the bat I have one
question the person knows you're living in the attic right yeah this isn't like
a parasite situation no fantastic not quite okay so not quite
no she knows I live there okay her rent okay she owns the home okay it's an old
home I don't know I feel like you can hear everything there she has a child
when you enter no hold on can you say that last part again but louder for the
audience at home she has an eight-year-old child eight years old okay
they're so they know these kids they have the Internet okay now is it the
kind of thing where in order to get to your attic abode you have to go through
the house yes okay so there's no way there's not like a ladder that you slam
up through the window like Sam from Clarissa explains it all Jenny hate to
bring down the mood but you really should have a fire ladder if you're
living in the ad yeah in case of emergency do you have an egress in case
Swift egress some way to get out I know that you love sex and stuff but this is
really I don't want it if you're lighting candles or sitting the moon in
any way like down like putting some silk over a lamp or something that's so
dangerous fire escape ladder huge something that unrolls in preferably
seconds would be probably talk to your friend that owns the place about your
escape plan and the numbers that you would and where the meeting places and
if you want to establish a code word a code word would be great okay that's
also good to set up a code word with suitors yes don't make it the same code
word has is this it has your has the homeowner said something about this
before is this a problem that has been brought to you no I have only lived in
Kansas City for six months okay okay that's a weird yeah that's a great
period of time to live in Kansas City
no no for life on I haven't ever brought in anybody over cuz I'm very nervous
yeah yeah I understand and the only I mean okay I don't know how to say this
well you don't have to Jenny that's never stopped us before we just go for
it she hasn't known that I've been there before and she has brought over a man
and the entire house shakes this is yeah get it landlord yeah go for it what so
it's I'm my hearing's bad what did you say you heard me I'm gonna make you I
didn't I Justin Jenny said that the landlord brought over a suitor and when
they made the entire house shook whoa all right nice so you actually have
nothing to worry about I guess a precedent has been set the problem they
say something the next day just like I thought we got wrong she in here judging
from your machinations I've also can we get someone to come in and look at the
Joyce I guess something is seriously wrong about structural collapse don't
want to be found that way and I know that helps right Jenny we've saved your
life twice today yeah thank you Jenny and thank you if we get the house lights
if we could dim dim the house lights make them go away they're beautiful but
they make me nervous thank you thank you so much for coming this has been so yeah
you are really really fun people
thank you to Paul so boring Amanda free bird thank you to Rachel for recording
the the show thank you to the staff of the Midland Theatre yeah incredible
shmanners yeah did you thank our dad thanks dad bye Goldie's guide you can
you can get Goldie's guide which Griffin hid under the table in shame
link tree scared the he keeps putting it up in front of us like it's that is
true link tree L I N K T R dot EE slash Goldie's
right pre-order it my kids have been reading an obsessive yes you will it is
it is a delight it's filled with dark twists and turns
there's no dark just returns it is not that well thank you to Montaigne for
these worst theme song my life is better with you anything else anything oh we
need to end the show with our classic bit yes impressions this is our classic
bet celebrity impressions thanks Paul yeah I asked I'm also curious about why
Nicholas cage let's get some go-kart my name is just a matter I'm Travis
McCrory it's better it's better
it's better it's better maximum fun org comedy and culture artist owned audience
supported
