The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin Tyler McElroy. And I'm your sweet baby brother
in 30 Under 30 Media Luminary, Griffin Andrew McElroy. Justin's fucking kick flip over the
monitor there in the middle is the most righteous thing I've ever seen on a stage. Do you want to
hear something really sad? Yeah, I did it for the vine. Man, I still do a lot of stuff for the vine,
but it doesn't seem to be ending up on the platform. Yeah, not yet. I'm doing stuff all
the time where I think in my head after I do it like, certainly that's gonna be on the line.
That's that was for the vine. They didn't they didn't send their folks that day to capture your
sick stunt. Oh, boy. Hi, everybody. A lot of you said hi at the same time, which I which I
appreciated. We're very happy to be here in San Francisco. And we're very happy to be doing a
show show didn't almost it almost didn't happen. Yeah, because earlier today, we were so hungry.
Yeah, that we almost killed each other. We almost broke up. We almost broke up with us broke up. It
was almost the wedge. You don't know this, because you only think about it in like a, you know,
relationship. But if family gets together, sometimes they're like, I'm so hungry that I'm
angry at all of you. You want to break up. Here's how here's how hungry we were. And by we I mean
Griffin. We went back, we got some publicity photos taken of us for the first time in eight years
never happened before finally getting serious about this podcasting thing. It might just be a
thing. And if from now on, if you see a publicity photo of us, you can say to your friend, Hey,
I know I'm always telling you this whenever I see a publicity photo of the McElroy's,
but that was taken in San Francisco. And you can also say and I know we're back. One of them was
very hungry. One of them was super hungry. Here's how hungry we got back from taking the photos and
and Griffin says, hand to God direct quote, Oh, hell yeah, there's a bird King right there.
All right, Griffin, I, I was also very sleepy. All of my moodlets were in the red. And so my plan
was to slam some BK feel like big shit. Go sleep, which is like my that's like my best my favorite
state of being is drifting off to sleep. Like, I wonder if I'm gonna have diarrhea when I wake up.
That's not a bit for this show. Griffin's not doing it for the vine right now. He told us when
we went to eat lunch at a lovely Indian place called Punjab. I think it was Indian and Pakistani
food is delicious. It's fucking great. So good. Griffin told us while we're eating lunch like I
it wasn't that I want to Burger King. I just love feeling sick and taking a nap.
It was also great as we're I will back away from the mic for this moment. But as we were walking
to the restaurant, I said, Hmm, seems like some of us are hangry and Griffin went. Yeah. Yeah,
I yelled. I did yell. At that point, I was so angry. That my family didn't want to eat a Burger
King. He was mad at us. So mad. He sat down at the table when we finally got to the restaurant.
And he just kept saying like, This doesn't feel like real life. This feels like a dream.
And I told him I live in West Virginia, right? There's seven different places I can eat.
There's a Burger King and six Bojangles. And like, I'm not gonna eat at one of the places I
can eat at home. The Bojangles are organized around the Burger King like they're protecting
it. When the Bojangles open in Huntington, they became Knights of the Round. Thank you.
When the Bojangles opened in Huntington, they had to put up a road sign outside like to direct
traffic for Bojangles. This is the line for Bojangles. The Bojangles line took up this
entire lane of traffic. Can we tell one other anecdote? We're gonna get into the questions,
I promise. But can you? It's about the airport. They were at the airport. I don't want to brag.
But he's going to. When I travel, I fly Delta. And when I fly Delta, I hang out in the Delta
Sky Club. It's not a big deal. And I overheard the best thing I've ever heard someone say
twice from the same person. The first thing they said was, I'm sorry to interrupt. I couldn't help
but overhearing you talking about chili. I love chili. And that made me so happy that I immediately
dropped everything. I think I looked at dad and said, shut up, shut up. And then about three
minutes later. Dad's very used to that. Yeah. And then about three minutes later, same person said,
well, I'd have to say that my favorite bean is... And at that point, I couldn't hear the rest of it
because my brain exploded. And I was just so happy. It's like, whoa, you're really putting me
on the spot here. My favorite bean. You know, it pushed. Was it one of us 30 years older time
traveling and recording an episode of My Brother, My Brother and Me? That's the only explanation.
I just love the idea of here's a person butting into a conversation that they were not a part of
and then thinking, you know what these people want to hear about? My bean thoughts. Quick poll.
It's black beans, right? Okay. The best beans. I prefer a red bean. I defer to the beanologist who
is Justin McElroy. Oh God. Now people can see that we've got some unpleasant aesthetic overlap.
I tried to keep the jacket on as long as I could. It's a little toasty.
It does pretty much naturally sum up our summer aesthetics,
which is you have the tropical shirt, I have a Hawaiian shirt and Griffin dresses like it's
winter. Also at the Delta Sky Club, I got to listen to my brother explain to a very nice lady
who was working there why he had a pin of himself on his lapel. She actually asked,
where did you get that done? Because my nephew would love that. I'm going to get a pin of him
for himself. And at first I thought, oh, this is good to put it in context. And then I thought,
no, actually it sounds worse to say, I thought people liked me enough to want to buy it.
So it's not like a vanity thing I did for just me. I thought people would want enough to want
to buy it. And also I got one and I'm wearing it now. You see this little face, check it up here.
I also think she did say, same face. Like, cause I made the face. She was like,
is that the same face as the pin? Yeah. How about we do the shit?
This is an advice show as you've almost certainly guessed. And here's our first question. How do I
get my friend to stop going through all my cabinets every time he comes to my house?
Is that seriously it? That's it. How do I get my, no context necessary.
Are you here? You're very close. Okay. Let me help. Your friend is here.
Oh, shit. Hold on. All right. So here's the thing. Your friend,
whether they'll admit to it or not. Can I get a name real quick?
This is going to be deeply uncomfortable. We are going to pretend like you're not here or else we
can't get it going. Or the whole show unravels. I'm going to look up here and I hope you don't
mind that, but I'm going to be at sort of balcony level with my eyesight. Oh yeah.
What's real quick. What's your, what's your name? I just heard Barfi because they blended in the
air in a. Okay. What's your name? Murphy and Tom. Okay. So Murphy, pretend your friend,
let's call him Greg. Greg is going through the cabinets. Here's what he's looking for. He's
looking for granny's treat drawer. Every granny's got one. Let me hear you real quick. Does your
granny have a treat drawer, everybody? Yes. Yes. It's got the fruit roll-ups. It's got the ring
pops. Whenever the grandkids come over, she wants to score some quick points. She pulls open this
special drawer and there's pixie six, pixie six, pixie six. Oh, that's great. Cause there's a bowl
of like bowl of fruit on the counter. So the parents are like, ah, fruit. Great. And then
they leave and granny's like, no, no. Let's party idiots. Granny fucking heavyweights it.
She pulls off the banister off the stairs. It's full of some, I can't think of a type of candy
guys. Her shoe laces are candy laces. I heard a wallpaper is candy dots. Nobody likes those.
There's so much work for so little payoff with a candy dot and you're getting at least 5% paper.
Your friend is looking for granny's treat drawer. So, but granny moves it sometimes because the
parents will get, the rents, if you'll allow, will get wise. So granny moves it. So your friend
is going through all your cabinets, looking for your treat drawer. And you know, you've got one
if you're a grandmother. I can't, it's fairly dark out there. I can't tell. And I wouldn't want
to make it. How many grandmothers do we have here tonight? Granny's in the house. Oh, so your friend
your friend is looking for that cookie crisp. Is your friend opening these cabinets in like a
fevered way or just very slowly like, hmm. Deeply hungry every time. Is your friend a raccoon? Once
again, assuming I can't see them. Half raccoon. Interesting. I've seen some pictures of that on
the internet. Daddy like. Usually they're dating Sonic. Yes. You got to leave your treats in an
easily accessible place. Take the box of cookie crisp, or if they're looking for weed, whatever
it is, leave it on the counter. Usually one of those leads to the other one. Yeah, there's
inextricably tied. Leave your treats on the counter. And then he's not gonna have to root
through. He'll just say, oh, your weed. It's right here. Oh, your cookie crisp is right. Oh,
you put the weed in the cookie crisp. Let me suggest I'm a parent now and I have a 19 month
old daughter who just. We all have kids. She doesn't understand boundaries. So we had to put
child locks on everything and child locks are great because don't let the name fool you.
They confound everyone. Yeah, it's great. It's great appetite control too, because sometimes
I'll want a loose fistful of cookie crisp at three 30 p.m. On a Wednesday and I'll walk up to
the drawer and pull it and get a chunk and I'll be like, fuck it. It's not. Hey, Griffin, would you
be so kind as to treat me to a Yahoo? I would love to. Yes. I know. Did you guys see when we
were driving to the photo shoot today? Yahoo HQ. We passed it and they were like, thank you for
being the only people who use our website. There's probably employees here. Oh, shit. Shit.
Well, now we can't fucking ask because we spoiled the the waters of polling. But
we'll just got it. Who here isn't an employee of Yahoo? Jesus. So subtract that.
All right. This one was sent in by Grin Velesty. Thank you, Grin. It's Yahoo Answers user
Brandy who asks, are you allowed to put baby on board sticker when driving motorcycle in California?
Obviously, obviously you are not allowed to put baby and motorcycle in Cali.
But I thought it would be funny if I put fascists.
But I thought it would be funny if I put a sticker on the back of my black
hellite vest. I am wearing that say baby on board. It is a it's a little giggly joke.
Oh, okay. But I think but I think it would make me more visible and safer while having some quick
laugh. On top of that, ever since I put the sticker, no. Okay, so you already pulled the
trigger on this one. No one no one is tailgating me on my street bike. I'm not sure what the
psychology behind it, but people seem to be more careful around me. They are keeping distance.
People that wants to pass over me will make a lot of room to switch to my lane. You can't.
It minimize people that are having road rage as well. And then and then
and then baby on board. End of sentence.
So is this illegal to put this last thing I want is some random out you. I have so much.
Last thing I want is some random law that people can find a loop to do something crazy.
Easy. You can't. You can't say that you don't understand the psychology
of why people might be more cautious. Even if there's a 1% chance there's a baby on your
motorcycle. Yeah, for me, even if the Vegas odds trend heavily towards there's not a baby on that
moving object. If I if I see a motorcyclist, which is the proper term with a baby on board sticker
on the back of their jacket, I'm going to assume two things are possible. One is a person with a
baby stuffed into their jacket or two. It's a person with nothing left to lose. Either way,
I'm going to give them their space. The I would have also gone three three babies in a coat.
Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Yes, thank you. I do like that this question asker make sure to
denote that you can't put a baby on a motorcycle in California. Thank you. Are there states? Oh,
for sure. For sure. For sure. For sure. For sure. Wait, hold on. I'm sorry. I didn't.
If there's a sidecar, I get it. God, that I would be willing to bet dollars to
donuts. There are states where you don't even need one of those. There's some wild state laws
out there, man. In fucking like in fucking Florida, you can like shoot a whale from a moving
helicopter. There's a law somewhere that's like, go for it. We got lots of babies.
I think that this could be applicable in lots of arenas. If you have a shirt that just says
baby on board, I think you're going to avoid a lot of conflict because you're going to buy
yourself an extra half second where the person's like, is there? I don't see a baby on board,
but I guess it could be in a satchel. Just let them have their fun. You know, it's just a little
giggle. It's just a giggle joke. Just one giggly joke. Could you think if you were the person
behind that wheel? I would think they had a motorcycle basket with a baby. Yeah. On the
front side of it. That's fun to think about. I love my imagination. You all are so lucky to even
be exposed to it. To even get a ray of light from my beautiful imagination sun shining down on you.
Damn. Why are we not giving all motorcyclists a little room? You've seen what they are working
with. Why are you up on them? It will not pan out well for them. Give them all a little bit of space.
I actually think one of you. And that one goes for non-motor cycle. How about what if we just
all don't crash? That's like a coin. Bicycles, motorcycles, penny-farthing bicycles. Yes.
That's the one with the big wheel and the little wheel. Oh, Travis, this is San Francisco. They
know what a penny-farthing bicycle is. That's why I didn't get a laugh because everyone's like,
yes. Yes. Yes. And unicycles. I'm moving back home to Australia tomorrow after a year studying in New
York. I have promised a lot of people that I'll stay in touch with them. I know that I almost
certainly won't do this. And honesty is so important. How soon until I can let them down?
Should I tell them that actually I lied when saying goodbye? That's from Sam. Sam, are you here?
Nice. Okay, I heard a few people cheering with Sam. That could be Sam and Sam's friends,
in which case, bad news. Enjoy these final moments with Sam. Drinking the Sam. You've
only got so much left. Justin, I would like you to say to me, let's keep in touch and I will
demonstrate how Sam should have handled this situation. Okay. Hey, let's keep in touch.
The old mouth full of peanut butter gag. The old Mr. Ed. I love it. Well, that way,
three years later, when they realized, I haven't heard from Sam in a while, like, wait, did he say
yes? By definition, you don't have to worry about this. Here's what is so charming to me,
and perhaps this speaks to the Australian sensibility. I don't know a lot of your people,
but I do want to know, I think it's so rad that you have a notch of caring that is caring what
they think about me, not caring to see whether they live or die. That is just, you are right
there and you have a setting for that, which I think is so lovely. If it were me, I'd just be
like, yeah, okay, bye. All right. Sounds good. Dead to me. They are as dust. You gave too
concrete of a response, Sam. Next time, you got to be more mysterious with the other people.
Just look up and say, shh, it is in the wind. Bon voyage. It is important that you be on a boat.
That is pulling out. I have gathered you all here for an announcement. It is in the wind.
Bon voyage. All of your friends gathered. The size of the boat doesn't matter, but I recommend
bigger the better. Bigger the better. Yeah, that's true. Gather everyone you've met that you've told
you to keep in contact and say, friends, I have sad news. I know we have promised to keep in touch,
but I am Sam. It is in the wind. Bon voyage. Then maybe do that thing where you put one foot up on
the prow of the ship as you look out over the ocean. Then they think, who knows where Sam's
going to end up? You could say, haven't you seen Before Sunrise? It's way more romantic. If we
don't make any firm plans, if we get back together. Here's the thing, Sam, here's the problem. You are
the one leaving, right? When they say keep in touch, what they're saying is you keep in touch
with me. How about when they say keep in touch, you say, you touch me, and then you leave.
I got a lot of people who want Sam to touch them. Nothing else beyond you touch me. In that tone of
voice, like I was speaking to my family when they turned me down for Burger King, around that,
sort of like, you touch me, and then you leave. Then you're gone. Have you considered a monthly
newsletter? The Samsung Times. About your new products that you're putting out. How about a
Yahoo? Yep. Here's one we got from a few folks. It's from Yahoo Answers user, Bunny W. We are on
a streak of two Yahoos with usernames I can read, which is a new high score. It's because you're in
San Francisco. We're so close. I'm getting the direct feed. He just ran over and handed,
oh, hot off the presses. I'm connected to Yahoo through Bluetooth right now.
Bunny says, how do I breed my carpet python? A vet recommended we bred our carpet python.
Any advice? Update. I have a female carpet python, and our vet recommended we bred her.
Carpet python sounds like a euphemism that I can't parse. Yeah. Sounds like what you'd
call like a couch's dick. Hey, did you check out the carpet python on that couch? Yeah. Yeah,
dude. Yeah, man. Gnarly stuff. Wayfair does got just what I need.
There is no place- Talk about love scenes.
I submit there is no place that you could put a dick on a couch where it would continue to
be a functional couch, right? Where would it even go? Where would it go? Don't tell me between
the cushions because that's the mouth. That's the mouth of the couch. If you're wild about
couch dick, I'm not here to yuck any yums, but I just like to sit down. So you just slap
the two snakes together is what I understand. Well, you got to get them hard first. Yeah.
You get them hard and horny. Like thunder sticks at a football game.
You give one of them the old boo-boo-zela.
And then you turn it into a poodle. And then it's hard as hell and ready to
and then you just slap those two snakes together. Come hell or high water. And they put on some
sexy snake music. White snake. Thank you. And you just slap them together.
Also could have gone with poison. Sorry, everybody.
Here's the thing. There is a percentage of this room of people who have in the last two minutes
thought about what it would look like for two snakes to have sex. Is it front to front? Is it
front to back? Is it curled into a pretzel? We do not know. Is there a position that doesn't look
like one snake killing the other? Because I can't think of it. Is a caduceus just some rad snake
69-ing? They're wrapped around a snake dildo and they're and they're losing it. They're loving it.
The Ouroboros. The Ouroboros is definitely snake 69. The symbol from the never-ending storybook.
And was potentially what I was thinking of when I said the wrong thing and fucked up.
Here's the thing that bothers me. It still worked, Griffin. Huh? It would still work. It's fine. I
just did the sex toy thing with the staff. It worked fine. Don't beat yourself up. I have seen a lot of
snakes in my life. I don't want to brag. I cannot imagine a quality a snake would have that would
cause me to think that's like a carpet. Because the only thing I can think is a furry snake. Yeah.
Nope. We've got those already. They're called ferrets. Thanks, snakes.
You're a ferret now. We're all full up here, snakes. Wait, hold on. Is that what they're talking about?
Yeah, it's, yeah. I'm looking at it now. Yeah, they're talking about ferrets. That's slang. That's ferret owner slang.
Are they big? Are they small? What's the story with carpet snakes? We could have googled this, I guess.
They're pretty big. No, I did. All right. They're pretty big. Any videos of people slapping them together?
Oh, they got Net Nanny at this venue. They won't let me. But you googled slapping two snakes together.
Hey, baby of your list. I'm so sorry for everything. I googled carpet snakes sex.
Google, in 0.46 seconds, provided me with 10,500,000 results. In less than half a second, Google was like,
Carpet snakes sex, huh? There's videos. There's pictures. There's helpful tips. There's websites. There's a website called ReptileSex.co.uk.
Hey, hold on. There's an urban dictionary for carpet python. Click it. Okay. Griffin is now going to read the urban dictionary definition for carpet python.
Oh, no, I'm not. It's horrible. He's going to read it, and whether or not he says it out loud or not, you can kind of...
No, no, no, no. Don't you look either. Please. No, don't. Please. I love you too much. Please, no.
Oh, okay. If you're listening later. Oh, my God. Look, it's me from the future. I'm coming out on stage.
Hey, listen. Make sure you delete the part where you talk about the urban dictionary. It goes so bad for everybody.
One more question. Yeah. We're going to do an intermission, but we didn't mention this at the top.
We're going to do an intermission here in a little bit, and when we come back, we're going to do your questions.
Go ahead and email us at, what is it? Live at bim-bam.com. During intermission, go buy pins of our face and a misprinted poster.
Oh, Travis, I'm sure. Yeah, by the way, there will be W's for sale that you can just glue on there. They'll be $18.
We need to explain it because this place is called the Warfield. It's beautiful. It's lovely. Thank you to the Warfield.
It may be the situation that Paul, our beloved tour manager's computer, autocorrected that to another word.
That other word could be an orange cat who gets up to no good sometimes.
Here's the thing. Let me tell you right now. The Warfield loves Mondays, hates lasagna.
True. It's a different thing.
This will be Paul's last show with us. If you would all join me in saying goodbye, Paul.
Goodbye, Paul. Bon voyage.
Paul, can you come out real quick? Just a quick bow. Thanks for all the hard work, Paul.
Paul's last show.
Go ahead and settle up now. There's your five bucks.
Yeah, we do need change.
Change from that. Thank you, Paul. Perfect. Thank you, Paul.
Paul Seborn, everybody.
Paul Seborn. He'll never work in this town again.
If any of you out there would like to be Paul, make sure you drop us a line.
We'll be holding Paul auditions tomorrow.
We'll be holding Paul auditions.
Can we do one more? I think we can solve this one really quickly.
Sure, sure.
I've been playing Dance Dance Revolution competitively for more than 15 years.
Fuck yes.
The newest version is only available near me at an arcade slash sports bar establishment.
Dave and Buster's.
Does it say that?
In parentheses it says Dave and Buster's.
Just say fucking Dave and Buster's.
It's the little mom and pop local joint.
It's owned by my friends Dave and Buster.
So often there will be drunk dude bros who mock me while I'm playing.
Or will jump around on the other pad while I'm trying to focus on the game.
How do I deal with these jerks who are distracting and taunting me when I'm just trying to get some exercise and improve my scores?
That's from Distracted Dancer in... Daily City?
Are you here?
Why the fuck are you all sitting so close?
Here's the thing Justin, until we made the joke about the mom and pop thing, I never thought maybe these dude bros are Dave Jr. and Buster Jr.
Shit.
This is my dad's place.
This is my dad's place. They said I could hassle whoever I want.
And I chose you.
What are they doing there?
What are the dude bros doing that they think they're so cool and high and mighty and above DDR but they're still at Dave and Buster's?
Sure.
They're also here?
Yeah.
It's like opening your eyes when you pray and you see someone else opening their eyes and you're like, gotcha.
It's like, no idiot.
You're opening your eyes too.
You didn't accidentally go to Dave and Buster's because you read about the food on Yelp.
And you got there like, oh it turns out they have video games here too.
I love sweet potatoes and I love when they're made into fries.
Don't mind if I do.
Here's what you do, you go to every fucking golden tea machine in that place.
The jock games.
The jock games.
Like golden tea golf.
Go to all the golden tea, go to all the hunting games.
You get a jar of jelly.
You put the jelly on the golden tea roller ball.
Oh, dude.
I'm going to top my best score in golden tea.
Oh no.
I got jelly all over my ding-dang hair.
What's great about that one is if they still touch it, you take a picture of it, put it on Facebook.
And you say, look at these perverts touching the jelly ball.
Upload that to nastyboys.tumblr.com.
Also, they're not going to be able to get the traction they need for all their great chickens.
They go to roll and it sticks.
Oh no, the ball rolls backwards.
And they're like, look at these amateurs.
And then you make fun of them.
They're not going to have any reason to want to stick around to Dave and Buster's.
Hey, let's go guys.
All the machines here have jelly on them.
Let's scram, T-birds.
And they walk out snapping.
Let's go, guys.
This place is the pits.
All right, folks, that's going to do it for us.
We will be back with you. Email us your questions.
And we will help you through all of it.
We love you. Buy some things. Get some pee done.
And we will see you in a few minutes.
We love you.
Hey everybody, it's Griffin and Travis.
Justin's not here because he fell in a big toilet.
But we're going to tell you all about our sponsors this week.
No bullshit. No guff.
And don't worry about Justin.
He's fine. He's just in the toilet.
Yeah, he said he texted us.
He said, I fell in the toilet. Please send 911.
And he said, are you serious, dog?
And he said, never mind. It's totally cool in here.
So I guess he found some friends.
Sort of a whole labyrinth situation.
But damn it, Travis, I said no bullshit.
No guff.
Okay, sorry. Go on.
Tell me about Squarespace as quickly as you possibly can
while being respectful of the fact that Squarespace paid us to talk about them.
Okay, here's the thing.
I love Squarespace very much.
In this day and age, everybody's got...
Well, why didn't you marry it?
I have.
Well, I was kind of building up to it,
but the word is out.
Yeah, congratulations, I guess.
Thank you very much.
I made a website on Squarespace,
which is what I consider marriage.
Oh, okay.
And it's called McRoyShows.com,
and it was incredibly easy to make.
Squarespace is so intuitive,
and you don't have to know anything about coding.
You don't have to know anything about making a website.
You just go to Squarespace.
You're like, I want to do this,
and it's really easy, it's super great.
They have beautiful templates,
and they have powerful e-commerce functionality,
so you can sell things on your website.
It's free and secure hosting,
and there's nothing to patch or upgrade ever.
So how do I get this dang thing?
Well, you head to squarespace.com slash mybrother
for a free trial,
and when you're ready to launch, you use the offer code
mybrother, all one word,
to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.
That's squarespace.com slash mybrother
and then enter the code
mybrother, all one word, mybrother.
Travis mentioned McElroy Shows.
Quick plug, go to McElroyShows.com slash tours.
Travis has updated it with a bunch of stuff.
All of our upcoming announced shows
from Bim Bam and Taz,
including some Bim Bam shows in Orlando and Atlanta
coming up later this summer.
We got links to the book tour that we're doing
for the Taz graphic novel in July.
I think there's still some tickets available.
It'll be fun. It'll be like a Q&A
and a little reading of parts of the book,
and your ticket covers the price of a graphic novel.
And then, Travis, you got tickets for,
oh, we're also doing some book signing events
that just got added there. You can find it, all that.
And, Travis, you have tickets for
the next CUS that's coming up very soon, right?
Yes, so this Sunday,
Sunday the 24th, June 24th,
at 8pm, we're doing another
Cincinnati Underground Society Show,
which is my Secret Society
style comedy show.
I've brought in five amazing surprise
guests that I cannot tell you now, but I can
tell you they're some of my favorite people in the world.
It's going to be a hell of a good time.
$15. It's a comedy show,
but it's got a whole
Secret Society veneer.
It's really fun. It's one of my favorite
things I get to do now, and
I want you to come and have a great time
in Cincinnati, Ohio, June 24th,
8pm. You can find that on
McRoyShows.com, or you can go to
bit.ly
slash CUS June
2018. Bit.ly
slash CUS June
2018. I want to tell you about
Stamps.com. Stamps.com is the
best, because these days you can
get pretty much anything on demand, like our
podcast, which you listen to whenever
you want, whenever it's convenient for you,
or whenever we make unreasonable demands
of you. But
Stamps.com can do the same thing for
you, but for Stamps. You don't have to
take a trip to the post office to mail your letters
and your packages. You can get your postage
on demand with Stamps.com.
Ah, Stamps. I was
misreading it the whole time. With Stamps.com
you can access all the amazing services
of the post office right from your desk 24-7.
You can buy and print official U.S. postage
for any letter, any package, using your own
computer and printer. This is very
convenient for me. Me and Rachel recently
moved. Now we're a bit further away from the
post office that we use.
And now I can just do all this shit at home from my
desk and not have to go to the scary outside
my house. Right now you can use
MyBrother, the code MyBrother, for this special
offer. It includes up to $55 free
postage, a digital scale, and a 4-week
trial. Don't wait! Go to Stamps.com
before you do anything else. Click on the radio
microphone at the top of the home page and type in
MyBrother, all one word. That's Stamps.com
Enter MyBrother. Travis,
this Jumbotron. What's the fuckin' deal?
Well, Griffin,
thank you for asking. This is for
Craig from
Mike, if you can
believe it. I don't...
It's out of this world. And Mike says
to Craig,
I know there's nothing you want more in life
than the McRoy's congratulating you on getting married.
So I bought a Jumbotron so they can
tell you how happy they are for you.
Congratulations, Craig!
We're so happy you found someone as great
as Sosi to spend your
life with. We hope you have
a great wedding day and a great
weekend in Boulder. I do love,
I noticed here, that what Mike has
done switched from
I to we
to make it seem like we,
the McRoy brothers, are saying this.
That's bullshit,
Craig. Don't fall for it. Mike wrote
that. I was just reading it.
This is a trick. I mean, I am...
It's a trick. I am
psyched out of my mind, though.
Fuckin' losing it. And I hope
you have a great wedding day. And has anybody
ever had a bad weekend in Boulder?
Probably. Yeah,
probably. It's the city and people going through
a lot of stuff everywhere. I got a message here for
John and it's from Mark who says, Thanks for
being such a great friend. I'm sad that you are going
to be moving away or have already moved.
I had to write this message way before a date was
set. I either miss you or I'm going to miss
you. Who knows what's already happened by the time
you hear this. Happy birthday wherever you
are, whether you're in Phoenix, Milwaukee,
or anywhere else.
This is one of the more abstract messages
that we've ever had on the show, which
is sort of the nature of the Jumbotron.
It's applicable,
I guess, to all
Johns, wherever you are, whatever your
heart is telling you tonight,
if you feel your heart telling you something, why don't
you come on down and talk to us
about Jesus. That one
got a little twisted up
a little bit. Hey, what's
up with this last Jumbotron? Yeah,
we got one last one here. I'm going to shoot
straight from the hip with this one. Say it's from
Shelby to Jordan.
Happy birthday, JoJo.
Thank you for being the best
husband, D&D partner,
and all around hard worker boy.
It's been amazing to watch you grow
into the person you are today. You
are my inspiration.
I love you the
mostest. I love
this one. It doesn't make us say a bunch of bullshit.
Doesn't hijack our
brains, mouths, and voices. It's just
a message about a sweet love.
A good, sweet love.
Yeah, this isn't like a funny like,
I'm going to make Griffin say doody noodles
with his mouth or whatever. This is
just like, hey, JoJo.
You're great. Just
stand and deliver that good,
sweet, sweet love.
That's it for the
Jumbotrons. We're going to get back to the
rest of the episode. If you're in San Francisco,
hope you had a good time, and we'll be back
with another regular episode next Monday.
We'll see you then.
Don't forget to check out macroshows.com
slash tours. Yes,
do it. Then we'll see you
then. Bye.
Okay, so
I guess let's just get
I'm having some interference.
Time.
He's got it.
That sound I've been looking for.
Still going.
I want a much.
Welcome to Munch Squad.
I was
within a podcast.
Let me finish. It's a podcast
within a podcast about
ladies grace in quick service restaurant
innovations. My name is Justin
McElroy, and I'll be your host this week.
It's the first
time that the audience interaction part
of that has hurt my ears.
It's not pleasant.
Paul, that was a generous pour.
Whenever you get, if you find some Diet Coke
back there, you go ahead on
and just hit me with that because we're going to need to
slow things on down.
We're going to make it to the end of the show.
Munch Squad.
Don't let
bad potholes ruin
good pizza.
Domino's
starts paving for
pizza.
Can I ask you a question right at the
beginning of the premise? Yes.
Go ahead.
Have potholes ruined good
pizza before this?
Yeah, you fucking idiot.
They were
one of the
main weapons
that he used in his fight.
I need everyone to
spiritually brace themselves. It'll
help if you've seen Handmaid's Tale, I think.
I haven't
seen it, but I'm assuming.
It's about this.
The largest
pizza company in the world
based on global retail
sales, which seems like a good metric
for that. No need to
specify. Really? Is saving
pizza one pothole
at a time.
Cracks, bumps, potholes,
and other road conditions
can put good pizzas at risk after
they leave the store.
Now Domino's is helping
to smooth the ride home for our
freshly made pizzas.
Starting today, Domino's is
asking customers to nominate their town
for pothole repairs at pavingforpizza.com.
Are they filling these
things in with cheese bread
sauce, pepperonis?
No. As much as it may feel like cement
once it's entered your body, no.
They're using actual cement.
Quote from Russell
Weiner, president of Domino's
USA. They got
Russell for this one.
The president of Domino's.
Have you ever hit a pothole
and instantly cringed?
We know that feeling is
heightened when you're bringing home a
carry out order from your local Domino's
store. I got my
kid in the back seat, but I'm way more concerned
about the 12 inch
sausage. I have
an automatic thing on my
passenger seat where if the passenger is sitting there
it reminds you to buckle their seatbelt.
And a few weeks ago I bought enough
pizza that it activated that.
And in
my car's defense
I paid a lot for that
pizza. I probably should buckle it in.
Fair enough.
Fair enough, car.
We don't want to lose any
great tasting pizza to a pothole
ruining a wonderful meal.
Said Russell Weiner, president
of Domino's USA.
How bad does a pothole have to fuck
up your pizza that you throw it away?
You hit the pothole, the pizza
flips end over end
because you live in Roger Rabbit.
But okay, it might affect the pizza aesthetically
but you can still
consume it. Daniel Tiger says that
even if it's mushy it still tastes good.
Right. Domino's cares too
much about its customers and pizza
to let that happen. That is not true.
If they care about me
they have a funny way of showing
it.
Domino's has already worked alongside
four municipalities to help prepare roads.
Jesus Christ!
Those include Bartonville, Texas
Milford, Delaware, Athens, Georgia,
and Burbank, California.
Customers
interested in nominating their town
for a paving grant from Domino's
can enter the zip code at pavingforpizza.com
If their
town is selected their customer will be
notified and the city will receive funds
to help prepare roads so pizzas
can make it home safely.
Customers
can celebrate smooth roads
with Domino's carryout special
featuring large three topping pizzas
for $7. Okay.
It's 2018
and
this is where we're at. Yeah.
Our infrastructure
relies on Domino's.
You know how
like the
final season of Lost
took some
weird twists and turns
and that happened on a lot of shows like
Felicity.
Original
probably only
just kind of racist
Roseanne.
Weird twists and turns.
I feel like here
in the final season of Capitalism
we're getting some like weird
like whoa.
Yeah. Like you all know that
like there's a point at which Domino's is
like we fixed all the
roads we should probably govern.
Yeah. Don't you
think that we did a better job than your
city. Do you want to just be a
Domino's city.
So you have to decide whether
or not you want to vote Republican or
pizza crap.
And Taco Bell is like we
could open up a traffic court if you
guys want that. Would that
be cool.
The wheels are just way off
the thing at this point. The thing is that
the wheels are off but they're
not because they fixed the bottles.
Thank you Travis. Okay so
we are going to.
Thank you Paul.
Thank you.
Thank you. Paul you've saved
the show. You're back on.
Yay. Welcome back Paul Saborin.
All right. You saved the rec center.
Yeah that's good Paul. That's real good.
Can we get some house lights up
because I have no fucking clue where the
microphone is in the audience.
If you would like to give us your pronouns
we would of course welcome that. Do not goof
about it though because you will be ejected from the theater.
Sarah. The
sentence that Sarah sent us was
to say the least
tantalizing.
Sarah asked how do I
get my friends to stop using their
dog's dick to promote their furniture
line.
And all I can
say is go off. Yes.
Sarah
has stepped 30 feet away from the microphone
recoiling. She did not
think this was going to make it. I did not.
And yet here we all are
Sarah. You did walk down to the
microphone Sarah. Kind of a fun
cautionary tale for everyone.
My friend volunteered
to come for me and I wish I had let
her do that. Oh my god so much happened in
the span of just a few seconds. Yeah and it's also
worth noting that we called three people
a few minutes ago and only two have come down.
So one of those people is like actually fuck
that.
No way. They're sitting on the stairs.
Sarah.
Dog dick furniture
line. Curious how that's germane
even a little bit. Is it tied in? Is it a
celebrity endorsement?
A famous dog Taco Bell dog.
Spud's McKenzie showing his dick.
So I
have some friends of some friends who
have a furniture store
and they constantly
promote their furniture with their two
dogs that are very cute
on Instagram. Yes. OK.
And they always
like zoom in on their
dogs dick. They do
or you do?
So
as you're scrolling it's like five pictures.
Oh cute dogs. Oh it's closer.
Cute furniture. Oh there's a
dog's dick and they highlight it
by using the lipstick emoji.
No.
No.
So it's not on accident.
It's not. It's very
on purpose. Well maybe they're
showing that their couches are
lipstick proof.
No it's probably
the dick.
Why? Well why? Did you ever
ask? Hey Sarah why? Sarah why though?
Well no. No.
I don't know. I need to
communicate to them that this is
horrifying and haunts my dreams. Yeah
haunts the dreams but what's the name of
the store? No. No. No.
No.
They would hate it if they got any advertising
for their thing that didn't involve
a dog penis
in it. They use a lipstick
emoji so they might like it. It's
Fresh Kills there in Brooklyn. Okay.
Okay. So.
We'll edit that out.
Here's the thing I'll say. It's working.
Yeah you're talking about it on our
podcast right now. You can't stop thinking
about these dog dicks on the
Shays Lounge. Here's the thing
Sarah. What you are in right now is a circumstance.
You can't say to them like
hey your dog's
penis is present in there. Because they're
going to say yeah.
There's nothing wrong with it
I guess. But it's the
it's the
We don't. We're
not here to mutt shame.
Yeah. Jeez.
Come on it's something.
Come on. I'm not safe
anywhere at this table. I'm doing my
best up here. She probably made a very
strong drink.
How do I.
Dog got it.
How do you convince them not to
do it. Here's
the Schrodinger's box of this situation.
If you had gone
to them and talked to them about this
they may have changed it. The fact
that you've come on this podcast now and
made it observed
and promoted
their brand on our show
means they will never change it.
It's working.
The hard truth of the matter. Let me offer
an option. If you
If you
tried to like pull them
away from it I think that they will resist
so you have to push them towards them like
I think it's great the way you're using your
dog's boner to promote the furniture
and they'll be like what.
Yeah I think it's great. I think dog boners really
sell chairs and make them
uncomfortable with how into it you are.
If that doesn't work nothing will.
Does that help Sarah.
Does that help.
Okay fair enough.
Hey what's up. Hi I'm
Manny. Hi Manny. I use she her
pronouns. Hi Manny.
Your question.
Oh man.
How do I
convince children that I'm not a time
traveler.
Curious.
Curious about this one.
So I work at a living
history museum.
So
so my
job is to dress up like I'm in the
1920s and then people come
to the park and I teach them about
what it was like to live in my hometown in the 1920s.
But
like at least once
a week children will come up
to me and try to explain to me
modern technologies.
Yes. Yes.
So. Yes.
So I'll get kids that
come up to me and are like
do you know what rap music is.
Okay.
But why would you want to stop.
Yeah Manny I have to say if
I could get young people to explain shit
to me I would pay any fucking price.
Yeah rules.
If one of them is like
if one of them is like hey
let me explain Snapchat I'll fucking put on
a handlebar mustache whatever the fuck
I'll put in a monocle if you'll explain
to me how Instagram works.
It would be funny at first and then be like
this is what a fence is.
No but yes.
Manny fuck this rule
so bad. Here's the thing
all you have to do is keep going what?
This is a great
do you walk all the way back to electricity
like make it like. How deep does
the LARP go. Do you have to
they'll go back they'll say do you know
they'll hold up their cell phone they'll say
do you know what this is. Okay but do you
have to play along as part of the job.
Yes. Awesome.
I have to
I have to be historically accurate that's
part of my job.
Can we just
if you're uncomfortable with
this please say so I just want to
know what this looks like with my eyes
if I like make believe
I'm a teen.
Yeah can you like Manny can you like take a second and get into
character.
If you're uncomfortable seriously it is not a big deal.
If you don't want to just say now it's fine.
This
this is an iPad.
No no no no Manny has to agree to
it. Yes. Okay.
Well
let Griffin let Griffin interact.
This is
you ever seen one of these it's called a fortnight.
That's a fidget
spinner. You ever seen one of these before.
I don't know what that is. What
is that. Okay let me
I don't know. I want to hear Griffin. Griffin
open this.
There's a problem. I'm 31. I don't really know.
Travis you pretend
to be a teen and explain it to me so I can
then continue. Oh shit.
I don't know what a fortnight is.
It's two weeks.
Do you play a specific character
from history or are you just kind of an
extra from the 1920s. I'm an extra
from the 90s. Okay. Okay. Can I try
it. Griffin display your computer to me.
Okay. Yeah this is a laptop
that's
sucked so bad.
There is no amount of
editing I can do to that to make it
good for a podcast.
The only thing you can realistically do
is steal it and sell it to
1920s scientists.
Like that's what you would do. Oh fascinating.
Next time they come back everyone
has cell phones.
You changed everything.
You polluted the timeline.
Oh my god.
Can this park
hire time cops
to like bust people
who are upsetting the
flow of history. There are multiple
eras in the park and we're not allowed
to go into other eras in our
future costumes. It's called time warping
and it's against the law in the park.
Yes.
This is the greatest day of my life.
Is there a sign present
in the break room that says no
time warping on it.
No but they drill it into you during
training. Fuck that's awesome. When you watch
Rocky Horror Picture Show are you just like no
no no.
I don't see any of you idiots jump to the left
or step to the right. You're done.
Do you watch Westworld like yeah
that's right. That's exactly
it. Next time the kid shows you and talks about
a different era have them take you there.
Oh shit.
Ziggy Piggy.
Nuked food.
That's the only two things I can remember from
Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure.
Party on dudes.
Yeah they said that. So great.
Does that.
I'm just so fucking jealous of your cool
job in life.
What's the park called. Can we get there
in like a day. It's in Canada.
So no.
We're not allowed back there
anymore.
Yeah we did our best. Anyway
thanks Manny. Hope that helps. Thank you. Thanks so much.
I don't know if we helped at all.
So there are two people
we've called who have decided. No no no.
Okay. Hey hey. Hey hello hello hello.
Hi what's what's your
I almost said which one are you.
What's your name.
Hi Liz. Okay Liz do you
want to call the next person so they can start moving.
Not you Liz.
Oh I was confused by the construction
of that sentence. Liz pick a person at random.
Caesar row
FF seat eight.
Yeah seat eight.
So come on down there
and we're going to talk to Liz for a second.
Liz
asked. Oh it's another
one of these.
I work in a time travel park.
No.
No the other one.
My friend's dick will
be on TV. Should I look.
It's tough. Go on.
It's tough go on.
Yeah he doesn't know that I
know that it's going to be on TV.
Does he know that it's going to be on TV.
Yes.
Was he the Teen Wolf guy
and it was an accident this whole time.
You all know the Teen Wolf has a dick in it.
Guess not. End of joke.
So explain everything.
He's an actor.
Cool. And I want to support
him and he was cast in a
premium cable show.
Oh yeah.
I assume by the way there
aren't many other TV
dick opportunities except on.
This is the weirdest
episode of CSI New York I've ever
seen. He was cast in an ABC
family show.
But he hasn't told
anybody except for my friend who told me
when she was drunk that he was going to
do full frontal
and he's just been working out
and being like I'm preparing for a role.
Working out
what exactly.
Well I want to
support him but I
but do I?
No you want to
I don't think there's any question about
looking because you should
enjoy you should enjoy the work
and not stigmatize the
work. But there's more
questions that come after that
answer.
I feel like a lot of
college students have probably pondered
this when their friend was in a production of
Hair.
I feel like Equus
or
but of course if the question is
should I look at Daniel Radcliffe's dick the answer
is yeah. That's Harry Potter
my friend.
You ain't gonna see that again.
I actually think
not to take a question
and make it too real but I actually think
that you watching and saying like hey you did a great job
and not making it a big deal.
Oh yeah don't say anything about his penis
you do that already.
This is a comedy podcast you didn't
Travis maybe thinks you thought
that we needed to tell you to
not say no.
Very good acting and a nice hug.
That's not
expected or appreciated.
You coming out of it in any
kind of like awkward way where it's
like well what do I say just saying like oh
it was great it was a great job like
normalizing that
I think will go a long way for your friend who was
probably a little bit nervous about doing it.
Absolutely.
I think being supportive is good
absolutely do
it and maybe we get more
hogs on TV.
We do need more thank you Griffin
yes.
We're going to need a lot of hogs to
correct that imbalance over the years but I think
we can do it.
More hogs by the end of 2019.
This is why we got to make season 2 of My Brother
My Brother Invade.
But yeah I
think watch it your friends going to be on
TV it's not like it's a secret thing.
Watch it and tell them
they did a great job. So Westworld or Game of Thrones?
You don't have to say.
I was going to say Chuck
that's not a show anymore is it?
Chuck?
It popped into my head
because of that one
weird scene. Is it Sabrina the Teenage Witch
or West Wing?
Does
that help? Yeah
I'm going to look at it.
That was very
good. Cesar are you down here?
I think we're good we got two more people
Hey what's up?
Hi. What's your name? Carly.
Carly yes I may have forgotten that we called
two people down and I got very scared but what's up?
It's okay.
Your question?
It's a precautionary tale.
Not handing your sister
your phone and saying send whatever.
Oh no.
Do you still want to go through with it because if the answer is no.
It's okay.
She's
furious so it's hilarious.
Guys
you are about to get the fucking
Rosetta Stone to understand
everything that we've been talking about
for the past minute. Carly's question
what's your sister's name?
Kayla. Kayla? Yep.
Kayla's question for Carly
was
I've never listened to your guys
show before so I don't understand
a lot of your references. Can you guys
summarize your show for me?
The sad thing Carly is there haven't
been that many in jokes
in this one. They've all
just kind of been regular jokes
you didn't like.
And that's
fine. That's totally
fine.
I do appreciate that you heard jokes that you
didn't get and thought surely
there's something more to this.
No it's
been good. Thank you.
That's so cool. Thank you Carly.
That means a lot. Do you like horses?
Do I like horses?
This is
dope. Like we never get
we never focus test.
This is dope. You like horses?
Now do you think it would be funny if
three people were super into
them?
It was deeply ironic
and everybody kind of knew it.
Still know it looks like.
How do you feel about ghosts?
Ghosts are great.
Yeah.
Not anymore unfortunately.
Is this
whole thing a facade? This is a real breakfast
at Tiffany's situation right now Carly.
I like Dungeons and Dragons.
Hey.
Are you coming tomorrow?
I am coming tomorrow.
Okay. Because Kayla had
tickets for both and I said sure.
Carly you could have stopped there.
So we're brothers.
Yeah. That's cool.
We do.
That's not real. That's not real. We used to tell people
it was a comedy advice show and
then we had someone who was opening for us
say that they were disappointed that we didn't
give more advice about how to do comedy
better.
So we don't say comedy advice show anymore.
Then we start saying it's a bad advice
show and that's
I mean that just sounds bad.
That sounds I mean it sounds like Dr.
Oz but.
Are we forgetting anything?
And West Virginia right?
Yeah. West by God Virginia.
Carly does that help?
It does and congratulations
on Fallout 76.
Thank you very much.
We asked Todd
very nicely.
I appreciate
everybody in the line to ask
a question is giving the person in front of them a good
45 feet.
Do you want.
Yes. I think this is this
will probably be our last question. Caesar hello.
Hi. Your fucking
question. My dog.
What should
my wife's first cuss words
be.
Yes.
We're waiting.
So
we just got married last week.
Congratulations.
Your wife
is your wife here.
Is your wife here. Yes she's up there.
Hello.
Everybody in the balcony at the same time.
And now of course as tradition states
once you are married you're finally allowed to curse.
And she has never cursed before. Yes you are.
Can you come down also.
I know it's an imposition.
It's going to be weird if we don't talk to you too.
If you don't want to it's fine.
It's completely fine. It's your choice.
We'll talk to Caesar for a second let you think about it.
What if you just
from your seat yelled out a cuss word right now
and completely negated.
That'll be the end of it but we have
some time to get there.
How does something like that
even fucking happen Caesar.
So as she
told me. Wait hold on.
Are you talking about this. Yeah.
No she's good.
Can I get a thumbs up confirmation
from. Yeah we're good.
Doesn't want to talk about it herself
for sure. All right.
So. So.
Just didn't know any. Bible school.
Oh.
Told her
Bible school teacher told her had a friend
that she said that they once cursed
and that when they sat down on the toilet
a rat bit them. Yeah.
No no no don't get it no don't get it twisted.
That's why they're called curse words.
And.
She just never did it and then it was kind of
just stuck. Holy
shit. That's
we're going to curse a lot I feel like during this one but
not out of like a joke like
we can curse but because
everything that has been said so far
is the most buck wild.
I know what I said earlier I don't want you to yell
it out here for the show because that's selfish of
us. I do like if everyone closed
their eyes maybe we turn the lights down
and just from the darkness we just heard
Piss. Yeah we did a little
little piss in the graveyard
game real quick.
Does your wife
use other. Sorry her name
Lizzie.
Still Lizzie use
other. I'm sorry Paul made this
drink so strong. I'm just
fucking barely hanging on.
Does Lizzie use
substitute curse words like
during it like Laura during
it.
Not really. No Lizzie
is trying to hammer a nail into the wall. She
fucks up hits her thumb. What
sound does she produce.
She kind of just I think would yell
and collapse.
Jesus how are you shot. So she's never
cursed and she's got glass thumb.
Great.
And she would just like I said
just yell.
Does Lizzie want
a curse. I think
so. Yeah not here. He doesn't
have to be here.
OK.
OK OK. We have
a few minutes. We have to wait
this Travis says piss. I think
bastard could be good.
What
about this all
beans.
I think I don't think this is
up to us to decide. Lizzie it's your first
cuss. Can we turn it. Would you like the lights
down with that. Let's get
yeah. We turn out
literally. We take the house lights out
so I want. I told Caesar
this would be a wedding present for him.
My first curse word.
OK Lizzie so what I'm going to ask you
for is five seconds of
silence. I want
all to be completely silent
and then we'll hear a curse word from
somebody. No. And it'll be
Lizzie. I mean it's going to be safe from somebody
and somebody else from the audience is going to yell it.
Nobody else. You will be ejected from
the theater. This is the most important thing to ever happen on this podcast.
We all get to
experience it together.
So Lizzie I'll ask you for a few seconds of
silence and then just drop it on us.
Go ahead.
Piss.
Thank you.
Thank you to our daddy.
Thank you to you. Thank you
everyone. It's Justin McElroy.
Wait. The final yahoo.
I'm Travis McElroy.
Let's hear it Griffin.
Here's the final yahoo. Thank you to the Warfield.
Thank you everybody. Thanks to Maximum Fun.
Final yahoo was sent in by Adrian Cowles. Thank you Adrian.
It's yahoo answers user question mark.
Fuck this website. Unless you work there. Thank you.
Who asks
what do you do if you dab on them
hater but the hater dabs
back. I am Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's a bit my brother my brother.
The square on the left.
Maximum Fun.org comedy and culture
artist owned listener supported.
Hey everybody.
Hell Loveland and Mark Gagliardi from We Got
here to talk about our upcoming live shows. Why don't you tell
everybody the details about our show in Philadelphia? Sure,
here's what you're gonna do. You're gonna go down to
Philadelphia Improv Theater, okay? I'm gonna do it on
Saturday, June twenty-third, okay? There are two shows. One
is five o'clock show. There's an eight o'clock show. At eight
o'clock show, you can get a VIP ticket and hang out with us at
seven PM for like a whole hour. We'll sign something for you.
You can hang out. You can talk to us and then come see a
show. Both shows are gonna be completely different though.
Both shows? Both shows are gonna be different. Here's
something like a British actor trying to do a Philadelphia
accent. Yeah, you you can look up Philadelphia Podcast
Festival. You can look that up and get tickets there or you
can go to Philadelphia Improv Theater to the Fit Theater PHIT
and you can get tickets there or you can just go direct at
fit.ly forward slash we got Philly 2018. That's W E G O T P H I L L Y two zero one eight.
