The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, me, and advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your babiest baby baby, Griffin McElroy. April showers have brought May flowers.
We are recording before May, sir. There's no way that you know about the relative florality.
My flowers have already come in. I got some Easter lilies that done popped off.
But then they're not May flowers, you fucking liar.
Yeah, April showers done brought April flowers again, Twight.
I guess.
You don't know. There could be a solar flare tomorrow.
It kills everything on Earth, like in that movie Next.
Please don't say things like that, Griffin. You know how prone I am to panic like that.
Please don't put also in my sphere of consciousness the possibility of solar flare activity.
April showers bring April flowers and May brings a total global extinction event.
Like in the movie Next.
Or an extinction level event like on the Busta Rhymes album.
Which one?
Yes.
Extinction level event is the name of that one.
I'm not familiar.
Man, I hope I got that right.
I do not make many rap references and I did not. Yes, correct.
I did nail that one.
A no look shot from Justin McElroy, nothing but net.
A no Wikipedia shot.
A no listen, no knowledge of what the fuck he's talking about shot.
I sunk it. I sunk it and I'm gonna live with that forever.
Never forget that one time I made that Busta reference and everybody loved it.
Is there really nothing we can talk about in the news that's like-
I mean, there's Hoskins.
Yeah, that'll be a real goof starter. A real barn burner and a goof starter, that one.
At least my wife will finally be able to tell him and Danny DeVito apart,
so that's like something. If you see one of those guys, it's Danny.
Yeah, but unless you're watching an old movie in which I didn't typically see Hoskins on my day
to day, I would witness him in the long go Friday or something like that,
not like on the street and be like, are you DeVito?
I bet he got that a lot though.
Probably not, they look nothing alike.
And he's British.
And also he's British.
I'm ready to help people and I know you guys are too, so let's just get to it.
Yeah, now that I'm super sad about Bob Hoskins, let's go ahead and light the ignition.
I'm a recently single 27 year old female. I've always had a thing for older guys,
but I'm wondering how old is too old and that's from- it's not because of daddy issues.
That's good context, I appreciate that in there.
My first question is, maybe it is.
That's my first question.
Kind of a weird shade to throw at this person we've just met, but okay.
Listen, I totally get it because older dudes tend to have their shit together.
Older humans tend to have their shit together.
Regardless of gender, the older you are, the more shit together you typically have.
Yes, but the question asker didn't say, I like to date older humans.
That's a good point.
But I don't know that that's 100% true because I feel like there's a bell curve where you start
to figure shit out in your 30s and then when you turn 45, you fucking lose the script a little bit.
I'm pretty sure that what the key to this is just to pick somebody who's sort of your
constant in the- like an older male actor that is your constant-
Or scientist or political figure. You don't have to limit it to just celebrity.
That's fine. Pick the sexiest biologist you can find and let him be your bellwether.
By which I mean, let's say you settle on Clooney.
That feels right to me as a 27 year old.
You settle on Clooney.
As Clooney ages, so does your window of fellas you can date.
So it's a constantly shifting window between your age and Clooney's age.
Here's a counter question.
As you age, how suddenly will there be an age at which they are older but too young to fit
within your window?
You know, so like right now at 27, maybe 40, you know, it's like I'm attracted to older guys and
that age starts at 40.
But when you're like 34, 40 won't fit into that window anymore.
No, now it's 60.
I get some graph paper or something.
Yeah.
There's got to be a sliding scale where it's like 10 years older, but not older than, you know,
25 years older than you.
Something like that, you know, anywhere it always moves with you as you go.
So that when you're like 67.
How is that fundamentally different from my Clooney?
Because you didn't have a starting age.
Or a cutoff, Justin.
Your theory is based on the idea that, for instance, myself and George Clooney are aging
at different rates.
I'm pretty sure that every second that passes in George Clooney life also expends a second
of my time on this earth.
Does that make sense?
That's actually a common misconception, Griffin, because he is on famous time.
He's paid for, have you seen that movie Out of Time with Justin Timberlake?
I have not.
But what I believe happens in it is that when people are rich and famous, they can't afford
to be a little bit more leisurely about their day to day.
Let's all put our cards on the table, okay?
One day of Clooney's life is probably worth one year of our life, right?
Like when Clooney passed, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's
my, here's what I'm saying.
On the sad day that George Clooney passed...
Oh great.
Now let's keep all of this, like...
Now, hang on.
Now, hear me out.
On the day that George Clooney passes, if we assume that I'm still alive, I hope I'm
not.
I don't want to see this.
But when George Clooney passes, I would assume that the majority of the human population
would say, I would trade one more day of George Clooney on this earth for one year of this
portly gentleman from West Virginia's life.
I would trade away one year.
I have enough people do that.
We could have Clooney for another month
and Justin would be dead.
Think about it.
I just think Clooney would appreciate it.
And I think that given the possibility,
most people would prefer to have Clooney.
That's all I'm saying.
How many people do you think,
how many days do you think we could gain back
from people doing like a give a year, get a day program?
Is Clooney the best target for this?
Are we saying that he is the most valuable human being
on earth?
You are correct, Griffin,
because we need to do Clooney and Brad Pitt
so we can have like oceans 46.
That's going to eat up a thousand human lives.
We are going to throw a thousand human lives into a Clooney.
How many people are you willing to lay down
before the altar of Clooney?
Who are we going to toss into the soul furnace?
It will really hustle up production though.
Like if Stevie Soda is like,
can we get one more take on that?
And it's like, well, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know, Stevie.
Do you know somebody who's going to trade away
a year of their life for this extra shot?
Cause it's not, I say we got it.
Oh, it's like Kickstarter, but with like,
with your life force.
It's Patreon, but with a soul furnace
that you have to burn your whole family into.
To be fair, Patreon already does kind of sound
like a soul furnace.
That's true.
It's a very great- Let your children be gnashed
in the teeth of Patreon, the soul furnace.
Step your ears into his gape.
Gross.
Gross.
So-
Gaping ma of Patreon, the soul furnace.
To answer your question,
burn yourself in the soul furnace.
And maybe we can, maybe we can get a new
ocean movie going.
Graffiti got a Yahoo?
Yeah, sure.
This Yahoo was sent in by Alan Black.
Thank you, Alan Black.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Beth, who asks,
can I become a police officer, but I'm tiny.
So that's nice.
You heard that first part and you were like,
well, yes, obviously.
And then she was like,
she's arguing with you in the title of the question.
Although I have the option of striving
for something more academic,
it's always been my passion to help people.
I want to be on the front lines.
My problem is that I'm very small.
At only five foot four and a hundred pounds,
won't it be difficult for me to do my job?
I work with horses and sometimes face difficulties
due to my size, but do have techniques and tools
to aid me in most situations to achieve the same outcome
that a larger, taller, stronger person would get.
Would working as an officer require similar techniques
or tools, or would I really be struggling
with this shortcoming?
No pun intended, I'm assuming.
If it helps, I live in Western Canada.
And then of course there's like nine comments
of Yahoo Answers users.
People like, yeah, just shoot them with your gun.
And then she updates.
I don't have guns in Canada.
She updates to say,
I don't believe drawing your gun to intimidate people
is something law enforcement encourages on a daily basis.
Well, but I feel like she's answered her own question.
She likes to ride horses.
She's going to be a Mountie.
You're on the, like a huge intimidating animal.
Yeah, you're absolutely right Travis.
When you're on a horse,
that horse's height gets naturally added to your height.
A person on a, what I'm saying to you
is the person on a horse is the tallest thing in the world
because they are elevated not just by hooves and stems,
but they're elevated by spirit and a bond
that most of us could never understand.
That's six inches right there.
Six inches of bond.
Right there. Easy.
Can you imagine Yao Ming on a horse?
Yeah, that's how Galactus got his start.
Did you know that?
Where's Earth?
It's in Yao Ming's mouth.
But he was on the Earth, I know.
Now where is he?
Now where is he?
We don't know.
He's all around you.
Keep looking up.
I have never had an encounter with a police officer
that I would consider great.
And in no circumstance did I feel
like I had a better shot at coming out of the encounter
with more of my dignity in hand
based on the size of the person
who was fucking writing me a ticket
for just living my goddamn life.
Like if a person, in the many, many times
that I have been penalized
just for living my goddamn day to day,
I've never looked at the officer who was penalizing me
and gone, well, I'm a couple inches taller than you,
so.
Yeah, I would say I very rarely size up
a police officer I'm interacting with.
I don't think, could I take this person?
I tend to just sort of hand over my wallet
and ask for leave.
Hey, just take as much as you want out of there, man.
You got me.
You got me.
Oh, I was drinking a Diet Mountain Dew at a bus stop.
Didn't know that was.
Yeah, go ahead.
Just, what do you think, like 150?
200 for sure.
Oh, 200, sure.
I mean, I don't have 200 in the wallet.
I can hit the ATM if you,
oh, you're just gonna come with me to the ATM.
Okay.
Oh, I'm being robbed at the ATM.
Can you stop?
Oh, you didn't stop him.
Still want that 200 though.
That's okay.
Somebody has got to be around to catch the short criminals.
If you're too tall, maybe you're at a disadvantage there.
Maybe that's when you get the smaller officer on the scene.
I would almost argue that the problem is
that this person is not small enough
because I think you got a crust backwards
to be the tiny detective.
And if you're the tiny detective,
like we got someone under five-fives been murdered,
call the tiny detective.
We've tracked the serial killer,
but he's hiding under a porch.
Get the tiny detective.
Get the tiny detective.
You will be-
I can't been far enough to see these footprints.
Yeah.
Damn, my height.
Someone with lower eyes.
I think you're gonna be in real danger
of encroaching on the rescue rangers here though.
Yeah, that seems like their beat.
I would argue that a crime has officially gone
slipping through the cracks
if it's somewhere that the tiny detective
is needed to access.
Yeah.
That's something, where's that TLC show, you know?
They make a show about the littlest chocolatiers,
which is, I'm sorry, fucking stereotyping and racism,
but they won't make a show about a little person
that's defying societal conventions
and busting some fucking perps.
Sure, it's also, where's the proof, you know?
That's what I've always wondered.
What do you mean?
I'm saying this show is saying,
hey, check this out.
We got the littlest chocolatiers here.
Fucking prove it.
Yeah.
That's a fine point.
Fucking prove to me
that there aren't littler chocolatiers somewhere.
I don't think you can.
There's a lot of people on this earth.
The littlest chocolatiers is about them
going around the globe and whacking smaller chocolatiers.
Yeah.
One day, their strive,
the littlest chocolatiers is not a title
as much as a goal.
Yeah, when it started out,
it was we're the 19th littlest chocolatiers,
and now they're down to like the fourth.
The other three are in hiding.
Not good.
This also would be a very upsetting premise
for 19 kids and counting.
Sure, sure would.
Boy.
Counting, but in which direction?
Oh, no.
You're right.
This week on the series finale
of One Kid and Counting,
a race through the woods,
a desperate hunt.
Only one will emerge victorious.
And by this point,
the kid is basically Katniss from The Hunger Games.
The kid is hiding in tree tops,
taking out deer with a bow for sustenance.
Ah, fuck, we ran out of kids.
K plus eight.
Can we get like three of them?
Please, Sweeps is coming up.
My wife is expecting our firstborn in July,
and I'm trying to keep my cursing to a minimum.
I recently used cowabunga in place of an expletive,
and let's just say I suffered some serious mockery
from my wife for using that word,
and you earned it.
Can we please suggest some place words
I could use instead of typical expletives?
That's from Cussin in Canada.
How about these?
Fuck, shit, ass, dick.
Like, if your kid hears you say this shit
and goes to school,
and it's like, stubs his toe in second grade,
and is like, oh, cowabunga,
he is gonna be killed.
He's gonna learn a lot of curse words very fast.
Let me bounce this off you two.
In second grade, I swore like a fucking sailor,
and so did everybody I know,
and maybe that explains like why I am the way I am today,
but like it was a nonstop,
just like jet stream of filth coming out of my mouth.
Listen, here's some advice.
We teach kids about words and language all the time,
where we say like, oh no, that's not a dog, it's a cat,
and this is what a cat is,
and kids have this,
there's this psychologist named Piaget
who had this box theory that as kids develop,
they form boxes into which ideas are put,
and so when you like show a kid a dog and say,
that's a dog, it was okay, four legs, fur, dog, right?
And then you have to break down that like,
no, sometimes it's a cat, so whatever.
You stupid fucking kid, that's obviously a dog.
So why don't we teach our kids the same thing with language
like, hey, fuck is an awesome word,
but it's used to apply in this situation
and not this situation.
Use it here, don't use it here, don't be an asshole.
I think you just tell them like if you use it at a teacher,
you get in trouble,
but when you're on the playground,
if you say cowabunga,
you're gonna get jumped out of the playground.
So yeah, so teach your kids like what words to say when
and when not to say them,
and let your kid just be like a goddamn human being
living in the world,
and don't try to shelter your kid
because otherwise they're gonna learn the words
because look, they're going to,
it's in TV, it's in movies,
every other kid on the playground.
They're gonna watch Game of Thrones.
They're gonna know what fisting is before they're six.
Yeah.
So if you don't teach your kid some kind of context
to put these words into,
then you're just handing them a loaded gun
and letting them go.
You know what I mean?
Teach the words to the kids.
Tell them what they mean,
and when to use them and when not to use them,
and treat kids like tiny adults.
That's what I do.
I've been thinking about this a lot lately
with a kid on the way,
and I mean, I don't think anything's wrong with profanity.
Profanity doesn't offend me.
I think we spend too much time worrying about it,
but I do know that in certain contexts,
it's not appreciated, right?
Like I direct children's theater sometimes,
and I have a hard time.
I don't censor myself basically at any other part of my life,
so I have a hard time sort of shutting that off.
If I can't make that distinction ably,
why would I expect a five-year-old to be able to do that?
Oh, because your kid's gonna be way better than you.
Yeah.
Well, that's the hope.
I mean, I guess that's sort of the dream and fear
of every new parent.
Well, because it'll be half Sidney,
so I have to assume it'll be 50% better.
Sidney curses as much as I do, though.
She's not limiting herself.
I just think you should swear,
because is there anything better
than when a little kid swears?
We used to try to get Riley, Justin's little sister-in-law,
to swear when she was a little tyke,
because it was the fucking funniest thing ever,
and it got to a point where we taught her all of them,
and then we would make her say some more
off-the-beaten-path stuff.
Just some, let's just say, deep cuts
based on troubling ideas that aren't,
maybe didn't fall into the Carlinian sort of structure
of what swear words traditionally are,
but they were, if heard by an adult
that was in charge of her well-being,
would be frustrating, I think.
I did enjoy that kill Whitey kick.
That was a good kick that we got her on for like a bit,
for like a minute,
because she doesn't know what the fuck she's saying.
You only have a few years where you can pull that game off,
and it's the best game.
Are you able to, I don't know the law and the rules,
are you able to make your kid bulletproof
to getting in trouble for cursing
if you yourself do not believe it is a problem?
I mean, that's the big hammer, right?
It's like, we'll bring your parents in.
If I just stare that prince in the eye and say,
I don't care. Yeah, I mean,
that's always the worry.
I'm gonna call your dad, and you're like,
yeah, no, I taught him that.
Call him, get my pops on the fucking phone.
Let's see how this shakes out for you.
Who the fuck is this?
You trying to say to my fucking kid,
how about you let me take care of my own shit at home,
and you keep to yourself, teach?
How about you do job number one,
and don't let my kid die, teach,
and then I'll handle the edumacation when they get home.
How does that squeal you?
Are you, so where did you land vis-a-vis cursing?
I don't have an answer.
I mean, I guess I'll try to limit it
until they're old enough to know when not to.
I guess would be the question.
There's a lot of things I won't expose them to
when they're too young to sort of handle it, right?
Like Cosmos, I don't need my kid thinking about
how infinitesimal they are in the grand scheme of things
when they're five.
Nobody needs anything that heavy in their life.
And don't let her start drinking until she's like 12
and can really handle it.
Yeah.
Oh, crap.
So are there any words that this person can use?
I was sitting here trying to think of something
that wouldn't get you mocked,
but could still help you express your frustration
at something.
And all I can think of is like old-timey,
like 1930s, 1940s phrases.
I like ding-dang.
Just like shut the ding-dang door.
What about guldarnet?
No, that's too prospectory.
Yeah, a little prospectory.
What about, I like shucks.
It's simple, but effective.
Crumbs is good.
Yeah, crumbs is good if you're an effete
British socialite in the Victorian era.
Oh, crumbs.
I don't know.
I get into like sort of grooves with profanity,
or non-profanity, I guess.
Been saying hotcha-matcha a lot
because I've been watching The Critic on DVD.
Yeah.
You can use that if you want.
I catch myself saying fudge a lot,
like not ironically, but just like fudge, and it feels good.
I do a lot of how you doing.
Like from Friends, the television show.
Then when Ross would say it all the time.
I think I'll ban hate speech.
I don't think hate, like slurs,
I will probably take a hard line against.
Yeah.
But see, that's, okay, this is what I love
is because that is for like a really good reason.
That is rude on all levels.
It's bad taste, it's bad.
I think expletives are just bad
because someone said they were.
Yeah, right?
I've seen a lot of parents trying to make
shut up an expletive.
Come on, stupid.
Or that one too.
Suck.
Stop it, stop it.
I remember when I turned 16
and I could use damn around the house
as much as I wanted to.
Wasn't even a big deal anymore.
You got to, on your 16th name day,
you were allowed to fucking pick one word
that you were allowed to pick.
And if that was the case, why did you go with damn?
Damn is the one I use.
I don't think I've said damn.
I'll say god damn because if you're gonna go to town,
you might as well go into Lincoln.
But I don't think I've said like,
stub my toe, damn.
I don't think I've said that in my life.
I say damn you a lot.
When?
Like when I am usually doing carpentry
or more often than not, fuck you.
But damn you is the best.
When you're larping?
When I'm doing carpentry.
I've been playing Dark Souls too
so I've been really reinvesting.
It's the equivalent of going to a rededication ceremony
in your marriage except with profanity.
I'm rediscovering profanity, reawakening our relationship,
bonding again.
I just can't think of a situation where I'd wanna say damn
or I wouldn't say like, shit if it's my fault
or fuck if it's the thing.
If I think it's the thing that I'm mad at,
that it screwed up, then I'll yell fuck at it.
But I don't, damn.
That's the only way I can say it.
Damn.
I can't, it sounds weird like damn.
Griffin goes full lift gal whenever he tries to say damn.
It's a mystery.
Oh boy.
You wanna Yahoo? Please.
This'll be an interesting one.
It was actually sent in by Justin Minsker, my dear friend.
Based on a conversation we were having the other night
and then it spawned into a hunt for Yahoos.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Jack X who asks,
large silverback gorilla versus large male lion.
The gorilla is said to be as strong as 10 to 12
world strongmen or higher.
What?
It have massive scary arms.
World strongmen, it have massive scary arms
that can rip limbs with a bite of 1,000 plus,
the useful hands and thumbs for grabbing.
The gorilla's around 500 pounds,
but obese gorilla have been around 600 pounds
with deadly canines as the lion versus.
The lion's is a natural predator.
Their strategy is aim for throat, lock and kill.
The claws can leave terrible scars.
Which I'm sure the gorilla's very concerned about.
Oh, damn, I got scarred.
My modeling career is over.
Damn, with deadly canines,
large males can weigh up to 550 pounds.
So that was it and we did debate this for,
I mean, it was one of those arguments like cake or pie.
That's just like, once you get that going, that's the night.
That's like your whole night at that point.
There was another one, a very popular perennial favorite
among my group of friends about
if you were sitting in a group of your friends
and you had to poop right there,
right there in that instant,
would you rather do it in a diaper that you're wearing
and have to be in that or do it in a bucket
and then you're clean, but you just did that.
Little bit off topic,
I'm introducing a lot of complicated,
very challenging. So if a lion has to poop in a bucket
and a gorilla's wearing a diaper.
You're mixing it up.
The gorilla's in the bucket.
We'll focus on gorilla versus lion,
but you guys sort of percolate on that other subject
and we can talk about it off the air.
Before we get started discussing this,
I have to take slight umbrage.
I don't know that all of this question askers facts
are correct.
What's your ish?
I have seen these strongman competitions
and these duders can lift, let's just say low estimate,
cause I can't think of a real number
like I've seen them lift,
but like 250 pounds.
So if the gorilla-
That's not much at all.
That's not very much.
I can easily squat 250.
It's basically 800 pounds is the peak,
is sort of the peak of human.
Okay, great.
The record is a thousand.
I was looking this up
because I was researching superhero power levels,
strength ranges and what have you.
You were building your hero clicks team.
Cause they're classified.
Sure.
But anyway.
But so if the strongman can lift 800 pounds
and the gorilla can lift 10 to 12 times that.
Travis, how many times have you read in the news
like a chimpanzee just ripped a fucking woman's face off
like it was picking a rag up off the ground.
But the face isn't heavy Griffin.
That's saying that this gorilla could pick up four tons.
What about the scene where in Dunstan checks in
where Dunstan just fucking cold clocks Jason Alexander
and then drags him effortlessly up to the roof of the hotel
and then throws him super far off the hotel to his death.
And that's a chimpanzee.
Dunstan wasn't even a goddamn gorilla.
He was an orangutan you stupid bitch.
He was a orangutan chimpanzee gorilla.
It's all different sizes of the same goddamn animal.
I'm saying gorillas are way bigger
than orangutans or chimpanzees or spider monkeys
which are also in their own way very, very strong,
very adept at lifting and crushing and throwing.
So a gorilla is lifting, throwing and crushing power.
It's gonna be off the charts.
Let me posit a different question.
Which animal would win in a battle of wits?
The one that can fucking learn and speak flawless English.
And have a pet kitten, I think, basically.
But then the lion could just take the kitten hostage
and hold that against the gorilla.
Amy, Amy, smart.
Green drop, drink.
I'm went gorilla all the way.
Maybe this doesn't even need to be discussed
because it seems like the logical answer
like a lion can jump up there and scratch
and leave terrible scars and it can bite.
It'll go for the throat.
Gorilla has fucking hands.
It has human hands.
It can just grab the lion and just tear it in half.
The problem is that I see is like lions are a pack hunter.
You know what I mean?
They run things.
So you wanna give fucking team lion five other lions.
I'm just saying like if it's multiple lions,
you give it to the lion.
But that's why lions are able to take down
like gigantic animals because they don't do it
by themselves.
How about we get the money's in?
We didn't really answer the question.
Well, it's pretty obvious to me that I think it's a gorilla
because they're smarter and they can sign for help.
From other.
I'm gonna go lion just because I like an underdog.
They climb up a tree.
They use their jungle wifi.
They get on Amazon.
They buy goddamn lion poison.
They're not Gilligan.
They're not inventing shit.
They're just like smarter.
And I think they could come up with this strategy.
I feel like the lion would maybe go
to where the fight was gonna be
and step in the wrong place.
And there would be like a primitive trap,
like a net.
Definitely.
And then the gorillas would just throw small rocks at it.
And the gorilla would come out and take off its monocle
and say, you've fallen into my trap, dear lion.
Yeah, you've fought gorilla growled.
What a terrible decision.
And then it would drink a large gulp of its homemade wine
from the hollowed out skull of Jason Alexander.
Here's an unpopular opinion.
I think the soundtrack to Tarzan is better
than the soundtrack to Lion King.
Case closed.
Why is that even germane?
You gotta think about brand recognition in this battle too.
Can we please now go to the money zone?
Absolutely.
Listeners, we love you.
We have to tell you, you are so just,
you're such an ingrateful old twerp.
You know that?
You know that?
When was the last time you did something nice for moms?
For any, well, for anyone.
Yeah, Travis, for starters.
But how about the person that pushed you
either through their vagina or their tummy
or they adopted you,
which is still a significant amount of work,
I bet, a lot of paperwork and logistics.
You gotta do something nice for them this Mother's Day.
So how about you make it rain
a hundred beautiful blooms in a bouquet
and a free glass vase from proflowers.com
for just $19.99.
A hundred blooms?
A hundred blooms, make it rain from the sky blooms
on your suite.
I don't think she'll be able to process
how many blooms that is.
No, she'll start to count.
So you make her sit down
and count every single one of them.
You count every bloom, Diane.
Count and number the blooms.
You can also upgrade that.
That's already sick.
That's already crazy.
Proflowers, they are a returning sponsor for us.
We have all received flowers from proflowers
that were really, really nice
and they lasted a crazy amount of time.
They sent me a new bouquet
to celebrate this new partnership
on the like two weeks ago this Saturday
that are still looking great.
I think they're cursed.
Yeah.
I think they're beautiful
and I'm not saying that it has any kind
of detrimental effect.
They're definitely cursed.
Yeah, I'm really worried what happens
when the last petal falls.
Yeah, in two years from now.
So that's a great deal.
You can also upgrade to 100 blooms
with a pink vase and chocolates
for just 9.99 more.
So, you know, 29.99, you can get that deal.
You can get that special price
on your Mother's Day order
if you go to their website, proflowers.com,
click on the blue mic up in the corner
and use the code MYBROTHER, all one word,
and you will get that, the 100 blooms for 9.99
or the extra special vase and chocolates
for an extra 10 spot.
Great deal.
Yeah.
They're great, they really are great flowers.
Like, I don't know, like I don't,
I'm not super into flowers,
but game recognize game.
You know what I mean?
These are some dank flowers.
They last forever.
Wow, and this deal is expiring soon.
Yeah, it's, I mean, it's expiring.
Friday at midnight.
Oh, fuck.
Yeah, so get on it.
Get in there right now.
So you go to proflowers.com,
click the blue microphone and type in MYBROTHER.
Now, go do it, don't wait.
Go do it.
Yeah, that's it for that commercial.
That was a good commercial, Griffin,
but now I'm fat.
From the commercial?
The commercial was, I ate that whole box of chocolates
and now I'm fat.
So help me.
Someone help me.
One of you two has to have some idea for healthy snacking
that comes in a box from Nature.
Well, I mean, you've given me so many clues.
Mother's Day is just around the corner
and Mother Nature has made you some snacks
and you can get them in a box from Nature Box.
Don't eat crap from the vending machine.
Put down the Funyuns, Tubbo.
It's time to get right with your health
and Nature Box is gonna help you do that.
It's like a subscription service
and you pick new snacks every month
and they send you just like a gigantic box
of super healthy snacks.
It doesn't have artificial stuff.
It doesn't have high fructose corn or fats,
transitive fats or anything.
It doesn't have anything bad for you.
It's basically air.
Transitive fats?
Trans fats, I misread it.
It doesn't have any of that.
Transitive fats, so if fat A equals fat B, then right.
Sure.
Yeah, no, that's a great math goof that you did
based on all of the math knowledge you still possess.
If A equals B and B equals C, then A equals C.
This is transitive property.
Look it up.
Wow.
You really pulled it out there.
And here's the great thing about Nature Box.
Not only is it delicious, they've got great stuff
like South Pacific plantain chips, everything,
bagel sticks, BBQ kettle kernels.
You know, Pro Flowers has sent me flowers three times
and I've only got one free Nature Box,
so I would really like to dip into some of these
new flavors if you're listening in B.
And they're gonna send you your first box half off
if you use our hookup for you.
It's naturebox.com forward slash my brother.
Naturebox.com slash my brother.
It's time to get into the swimsuit.
It's time to get into the trunks.
It's time to get into your Louis Vuitton bikini.
And Nature Box.
My ocean jeggings.
Your jorts.
My lake jorts.
Get into your lake jorts.
Stay full, stay strong.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother
and get some half off snacks that you're really,
really genuinely going to enjoy.
Listen, I have bad news for everybody listening to this show.
Your boss is trying to fuck you.
Not literally, although probably,
because once you get to that point,
the creep mode just like turns on regardless.
But also it's your fault in a way for getting so healthy
and right with Nature Box.
You got super healthy for Nature Box.
You smell good because you've been close
to pro-flowers flowers all day.
What you're gonna need to do
is you're gonna need to download WorkLog.
It is an app application that you can find on Android.
And you can keep track of how long you have worked.
So like if you think your boss is shaving hours
off of your paycheck, WorkLog makes it quick and easy
to track how many hours you actually have worked.
You can see how much you've worked in a week or a month
or whatever the pay period is.
And you can use time-saving features like auto break,
which figures out how many breaks you've taken in a shift.
And you can do all that.
And then when the old paycheck comes around
and they're like, you worked 32 hours this week,
you can be like, fucking check again, Barry.
And then he will check again.
Please don't use this for evil.
Please don't use this to just stop coming in
and then flash your WorkLog at the end of the week
and say, hey, I think I was here.
My phone's at the-
And your boss says, I'm sorry,
I've never seen you before in my life.
I've never seen you.
Shut your fucking idiot mouth, Barry.
And you whip it out.
Well, okay.
I didn't weep.
It says 40 hours, so.
Anyway, that's WorkLog.
It's on Android.
Check it out on the Google Play Store.
It's free.
You have nothing to lose.
Go get it.
This next message is from Mike Vera McCann
and it's from Angie Vera McCann.
Angie says, Mike, happy one year anniversary.
I'm glad that we are wifeys.
I am also glad that we both forgot it was our anniversary
until our moms sent us cards to remind us.
You're my number one man with dishpan hands.
I'm going to blame our favorite brothers
for the tardiness of this message.
Nice.
Meet me in the smoochitorium.
XOXO, Angie.
That's nice.
I know we said they could do that,
but it does sting a little bit.
It hurts.
They blame us and it's not our fault.
It also takes a little bit of the power away from it
when you tell Mike you are blaming us for it.
It's just we fuck this up so frequently
that when we actually get it right
and we get blamed for the fuck up anyway,
I'll be honest, it stings a little bit.
Also, I should mention that if you're gonna blame us
for tardiness, it's probably best to not say
that you definitely forgot in your message, Moriarty.
Nice try on the crime of the century.
I don't think you're gonna get away with it,
but we do wish you a very happy anniversary
to both of you and we're so happy
that you're still together.
Please, you're our favorite celeb couple.
Never split.
Mangy.
Mangy.
I know, you mean Mangy?
No, stop.
Mangy.
Mangy.
What up, dog?
It's your boy Jasper Redd, co-host of The Goose Down,
along with Kimberly Clark,
and some of y'all might be asking yourself,
what the hell is The Goose Down?
It's a comforted fool,
and we want y'all to climb underneath it with us
and snuggle up so we can fondle your ears and things.
So come check us out at Maximalfun.org,
also available on iTunes.
Jill.
I am a standup comic, but I'm also a youth pastor.
Oh man, I hope you enjoyed.
I hope you enjoyed our profanity section.
I know there is much deserved stigma
associated with Christian comedians.
I wouldn't even consider myself one.
I'm a comedian who just so happens to be Christian.
I'm also a huge Bim Bam and Max Fun fan,
so that's just to show I have an actual sense of humor.
How do I get people to take me seriously in comedy
without completely hiding this other part of my life?
And that's from Embarrassed in the Bible Belt.
You know, my friend's dad is a standup comic,
and his whole thing is that he does clean comedy.
You know what I mean?
And he gets so much work
doing stuff at dinners and at clubs,
and family kind of venues, that it's not-
Yeah, I don't think standup comedy necessarily has to be,
I mean, like Jim Gaffigan, for instance.
Almost all of his stuff is super, super fam friend,
you know, like the whole Blue Collar Comedy Tour.
Not that I'm equating what you or Jim Gaffigan do
to that atrocity, but it's not an atrocity.
I fucking love it.
I'm not gonna put on airs.
Yeah, here's your sign.
I think- Oh God.
I think that if what you're looking for
is sort of like work, like if you wanna work,
I think that having a clean show
and a family friendly show,
you're probably gonna work a lot more.
If you want acceptance, like you wanna be liked
and well regarded by your fellow comedians,
I think that like, they're probably looking
for something a little edgier.
I think if you're not pushing the envelope,
maybe in that scene, maybe,
I don't know that scene very well.
Well, hold, let me say this.
I think it's probably a lot like music,
is you could do stuff that you think would be more mainstream
and more popular, but I mean, if that's not your style,
if that's not the thing you wanna do,
then I don't think it'll be as good as the stuff
that fits in with your personality
and your kind of MO, you know what I mean?
Like don't tell jokes just because,
and don't be edgy just to be edgy, you know what I mean?
I think go out there and make the jokes you wanna make
and do the show you wanna do.
That's true, Jeff.
Being true to yourself here,
I think is the best thing you can do
because if you are someone who does have a sense of humor,
is very open, is not sort of,
I think that the stigma you're worried about
is somebody being sort of uptight and stuffy.
If you're very clearly not that,
then not only are you gonna just be able to be yourself,
but you might change some hearts and minds
in terms of what being a Christian could mean,
which could be super, super cool, maybe.
I just think you can be anything and also be super funny.
The talk about trying to fit in and be like,
I don't think that there's a standard of what,
there definitely is a standard of what
a stand-up comic is,
but I don't think those are the stand-up comics
that anybody really likes.
Like I actually just went to this stand-up comedy competition
that's a pretty big deal here in Austin
that they get like 15 comics up on stage in a night
and they go through like 12 preliminary rounds.
It's called Funniest Person in Austin.
And of those like 15 or so,
there were like five or six people
that were just like incredibly funny, incredibly original.
You could remember their names at the end.
You could remember like the best stuff that they did
because they were themselves
and they weren't like trying to fit into this
identikit of like, I'm gonna tell a joke about my wife now.
Like there were definitely,
everybody else was kind of that though.
And they were the people who like,
they may have had some good goofs in there,
but they weren't, none of them like won.
Like none of them move on to the next round.
None of them were the people
that you really remembered at the end.
Like originality I think is the most important thing
you can bring to the table
in the stand-up comedy scene,
regardless of where you are.
If you're a Christian,
if your angle is that you're a Christian
who's willing to get raw and rippled,
I think that is going to be an angle
that you can exploit all the way to the bank.
Well, cause I think it's not only originality,
but also sincerity, you know what I mean?
Like I would never want to watch anybody tell jokes
that they didn't think were funny.
Like that just sounds like the fucking worst thing ever.
Just go out there and do your show, dude.
And you know, I like the aspect of your question.
I think it's interesting that idea
of like having to hide the other aspect.
Cause I could imagine a situation
in which you might be on a bill
with like three other comedians who, you know,
are not following the same lifestyle you do.
But I mean, don't, you know, don't be stuffy about it.
It doesn't sound like you would be.
And who cares, you know?
And other way around is if you are a youth minister
and you have, you know, a congregation,
if you are worried about them seeing your act,
then don't do stuff in your act
you wouldn't want them to see.
Or you wouldn't, more specifically,
you wouldn't want Jesus to see.
Exactly.
Cause he'll see.
He'll see anything.
He watches all your bits and he does keep copious notes.
He will tell you the ones he does not like.
He will tell you, oh, he'll be honest with you.
Oh, you bombed.
You bombed there.
You did very bad.
He is the most honest, but also like supportive.
You know, that's what I love about Jesus
is he'll sit there and go,
hey, the goof about the blue dog, totally killed.
But the one thing about the cold hamburger,
you gotta lose it.
Yeah, listen, my patience is eternal.
And even I was getting bored.
I mean.
You did have a few jokes in there about abortion.
I am gonna need you to just go ahead
and cut those out of the bit.
Thank you.
Don't think it's funny.
Love all the little babies.
Love all the babies.
Let's just say you're not on the right side
of history on this one.
Yeah.
Don't invite Jesus to come see the show.
Cause he'll find out about it.
Guaranteed.
He will find out about it.
He always knows.
He knows when you are sleeping
and he knows when you are awake.
He knows if you've been bad or good.
And he's not gonna do the two drink minimum.
Not even interested.
No, I'll make my own.
Bring me some water.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Do you guys want Yahoo?
Yes, I do.
This Yahoo was sent in by Drew Davenport,
Emerald member, level six Yahoo shaman.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Blondie who asks,
I kissed a guy a year ago.
Is his spit still in my mouth?
Last year I made out with a guy.
Is his spit still in my mouth?
Update, was his spit ever in my mouth?
Update two, I had sex with him too.
But you're more concerned with the spit.
Yeah, cause spit's super gross.
I guess it depends on if you've spit since then.
You're saying if you kept your mouth closed,
then you would have all the same spit from that night.
Sort of an extended version of like,
I'm never washing the hand
that I shook George Takei's hand with kind of thing.
Exactly.
Sure.
I kissed the inside of George Takei's mouth
and I got a full mouthful of George Takei's spit.
And then I kept my mouth closed
and I haven't spoken or swallowed since that day.
I am drowning, please help.
I'm drowning, I'm drowning.
I'm dry drowning on land, on Takei.
If every breath you take has one molecule
of Caesar's last breath, as we all know, that is true.
I would assume that molecules of spit
probably dissipate.
Wait a minute, why do you want to know this?
What are you asking?
Why is this person asking?
Yeah, oh wait, hold on.
Yeah, I wanna dive into this.
What situation are you in
in which you have to determine this?
Has to be Voodoo Curse.
Has to be 100%, no question, Voodoo Curse,
not even DNA analysis.
Or like a location spell?
Cloning?
You can't separate the molecules for cloning.
It can't be anything scientific
because you can't scientifically assess this.
However, if we are in black magics,
you wouldn't need numbers to quantify it.
You would just need the existence of the spirit.
Why do you immediately jump to black magic?
It could be white magic.
It could be like a eye.
If it was white magic, you would call him
and ask him for more spit.
But what if he's missing?
You think it's a location, okay.
So you're saying location spell.
I'm saying you're trying to find him.
You haven't seen him in a year and you're worried.
If you're gonna harness the power
of Yahoo Answers to do something,
maybe ask has anybody seen Doug?
Have not seen Doug in years.
Need help.
Voodoo Priestess, welcome.
I love Doug, does he have big tits?
I'm on Yahoo Answers.
Your Doug sucks.
Everyone on Yahoo Answers is 13
and doesn't know what tites are.
That's what they call them
because they don't even know how to pronounce that word.
I watch Doug every afternoon on Nickelodeon.
They don't, they don't because they're 14
and that's just not on the air anymore.
My parents let me watch MTV whenever I want.
If I kissed a guy a year ago,
is his spit still in my mouth?
I mean, your mouth is fibrous.
It's spongy.
Well, let's finish that question
with a second half of the sentence because blank.
Because all I can think is I kissed a guy a year ago,
is his spit still in my mouth
because I can hear his thoughts.
Or maybe you just want to know.
Just like, I just thought about kissing Dave
at last year's New Year's Eve party
and now I want to know.
Do I still got a little bit of Dave in my mouth?
Maybe do I have a carry, Dave, your spit.
I carry it in my spit.
That's even coming to me.
I was just kind of let you know.
I'm thinking about if your spit's in my mouth.
You want to grab dinner sometime?
Maybe get some more spit up in there?
Just food for thought.
You can put spit wherever you want.
In my mouth?
Mostly in my mouth, please.
Maybe this person is gonna see Doug again
and they need a conversation starter.
You know, funny, I was reading on the internet.
I don't remember if you remember when we kissed a year ago
and then had sex.
I think of them in that order.
But I did find out on the internet
using some social engineering tactics
that some of your spit is still in my mouth.
Isn't that funny?
What have you been up to?
I miss you.
I miss you.
Doug, I miss you so much.
I miss you, Doug.
We haven't spoken in a year, Doug.
And we haven't had sex in equally as long, Doug, or kissed.
Who is this woman with you, Doug?
I know that sex was kind of an afterthought, but.
Whose baby is that, Doug?
That's weird.
That's weird.
That didn't come out of me, did it?
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, I'm bummed out now.
Is our mouth, our mouths are just like,
that thing about Caesar's last breath has me thinking
like there's definitely everyone spit in my mouth
at this point in the whole world.
Griffin, do you want to be more disturbed?
Like people die and go back to the earth
and then that dirt and dust blows around in the air.
So there's dead people particles in your mouth
whenever you breathe in.
You're eating dead people every time you eat anything.
Oh, great.
Cool.
Cool and great.
You can, people use Caesar's last breath
a lot, but you could like, you could use that
for any person in any situation.
Like every time you breathe in, you're breathing
in the air that Hitler inhaled to sing happy birthday
to his nephew that one time.
Oh, and then you say something really offensive
and you're like, so that was Hitler's breath.
That was Hitler's, that was, oh, that was a little
Hitler breath molecule that came.
Your breath smells like shit.
It's not me.
It's the Hitler breath from the nephew's birthday.
You, every time you breathe, you're breathing
in the air that Neil Armstrong used to tell his wife
he wasn't sure he'd be able to go to the moon
because he had really bad diarrhea.
Yeah.
Did you know that?
That's science.
When Lance Armstrong confessed to Oprah he was cheating
that whole time he's, and now I get that.
I get fucking dirty cheater breath.
God damn it.
You know that big note in My Heart Will Go On
by Celine Dion?
Oh man, we got a lot, half my breath is that note.
There's so much note there.
She recorded that in a submarine,
so that's probably not, that air's been filtered.
And then.
And that was the only time she's ever performed the song.
She exited underwater via airlock
and then sank the submarine with a torpedo
that she fired from her mouth.
And she returned to her husband Prince Neymar
to rule over Atlantis forever and ever.
Yeah.
These men think they can infest our waters.
I will punish them the only way I know how,
by singing a beautiful song and then sinking their submarine.
I'm French.
This has been our most scientific episodes.
You are learning a lot this week, I think, from us.
We hope you've enjoyed it
and we hope that you'll come back for more.
We're here most Mondays and the occasional Thursday,
apparently.
But we are here for you.
You can write us if you have a question
or you find a good Yahoo or just wanna say hi.
It's M-B-M-B-A-M at Maximumfun.org.
What's Maximumfun.org, you ask?
Well, it's funny you should mention that.
It's only the best podcast network
on this great blue globe.
There's so many other shows like The Goose Down,
Lady to Lady, Oh No Ross and Carrie,
International Waters, Judge John Hodgson.
I'm always worried when we do this
that if you did all the statistics,
there is one podcast on Maximumfun
that we've never, ever mentioned.
No, we've never.
This is to clear your insecurity.
Steve and Jenny.
Steve and Jenny, Steve and Jenny in the morning.
Steve and Jenny, Steve and Jenny in the morning.
Steve and Jenny, Steve and Jenny in the morning.
Steve and Jenny, Steve and Jenny in the morning.
Steve and Jenny, Steve and Jenny in the morning.
Oh, man.
But anyway, there's a lot of great shows there.
There are great forums that you can go be a part of.
There's a family waiting there for you to join them.
You're the prodigal son
and you should go rush into their bosom.
I wanna thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
which is on the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
You can catch that bad boy on iTunes
or on, now that's what I call Music 15
or Suncoast Records at your local mall,
at your local long closed haunted mall.
And thanks again to Nature Box.
Go check it out.
You can order great,
they're really great healthy snacks.
And if you use the code
or if you go to naturebox.com slash my brother,
you'll get 50% off your first order and shipping is free.
Go check it out.
They have really awesome shit.
Got some good shit.
I wanna remind everybody to go to boatparty.biz.
They are still looking for takers
on this incredible ocean voyage to Jamaica.
Don't you like?
I've heard of it.
July 28th.
You can get on a boat with Kyle Canane
and a bunch of other funny people.
Just the two of you.
Just the two of you on a romantic ocean voyage.
A private skiff with you and Kyle Canane.
It's gonna be fantastic and you don't wanna miss it.
So go to boatparty.biz and get your boat on.
That's a new thing.
You're on a boat, remember?
From a while ago?
Sure, from Mad TV.
Yeah, great job closing out the show, you two.
Just a great job in general.
I think on this episode, you both really did great work.
You too, Griffin.
Do you have a last Yahoo for us?
Sure, it was sent in by level six Yahoo shaman Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew Davenport.
Uh-oh, dang.
He leveled up.
He's level seven now.
Good work.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
The account has been suspended.
Ha ha ha.
Who asks, what nationality is he, man?
What?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother.
Make sure you kiss your dads.
We're out of lips.
Hey good girls, do you wanna just say, hey I wanna?
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hi, my name is Ruchikesh Hereway
and I have a podcast called Song Exploder.
In each episode, a musician takes apart one of their songs
and piece by piece tells you the story of how it was made.
You get an inside look into the creative
and technical process and a unique view of a song
by hearing just the drums.
Or just the guitars.
Or say, just a Wurlitzer piano.
If you're a fan of music, if you make music,
or if you just like to learn how things are made,
come check it out on Maximumfun.org.
Thanks.
