The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
It's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome my brother my brother me and my show from the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin Tyler McElroy
Let me check my show notes here. Yes. I am your middle-est brother Travis big dog
Who whiff whiff McElroy and this is Griffin McElroy on the cutting edge of
tech technology news
What's happening? What's the big headlines for technology news today new computers? Yes. Yes new. Yeah
Have you seen computers these days because used to be they took up like a whole football field basement
And now you can hold those dang things in the palm of your hand and eat them
And then there's Sony's got a new cyber glove, but that's not all we're talking about today. We're talking about cyber glove for cyber love
Yeah, it's for jacking. But today we're talking about the biggest news of all and it's freaking
Y'all heard of a little
Website called Facebook that you don't want to see old old pictures. Yeah, it's got Nani
Well that Nani's on it's got Nani and all those old high schoolers that you went to school
Eight of our noni's cuz she keeps getting home. Oh my god. Yeah, step outside the bit for a second
She does get hacked a lot though. She gets hacked all the time. She she
Sorry
Yeah, I mean she's got if any of you are listening, please don't hang on
We know she's got anything left there for you
Statistically speaking most of you have hacked or naughty at least one of you has a I also want to say so I don't get much
tweets about I sound different this week cuz I'm I had a power outage at
My home and I'm here at my wife's clinic
Recording the podcast this was like the old days and he's doing a good old
He's doing a little bit of medicine help for people who come I'm doing a couple band-aids and what have you?
Yeah
So anyway, big tech news exciting thing this Facebook website that are not keeps getting hacked on because she has so much fucking Bitcoin
Is that it's gonna it's not gonna be a Facebook anymore
And because that's been the problem the problem with Facebook is the name. Yeah
Yeah, I know that there's been a lot of sort of reports about how they have fostered an environment that is good for hate speech
but
But that's all gonna be different now cuz it's not gonna be hate speech Facebook anymore
It's gonna be something even cooler and safer and nicer, you know how Google
Their their company motto is like don't be evil. Yeah, don't do bad
Facebook's is like fuck it. Let's get it wet, right?
Whatever it takes is there is their
Yeah, Facebook's Facebook's motto is a rhetorical question. It's just what are you gonna do?
What the Google change there's the company that owns Google and all the various Google paraphernalia
including team google.com
Especially team is me. No teen google.com is me
They changed the alphabet and it'll be tough for Facebook to find something. It sounds as sinister as
Alphabet. Yeah, so what about the Facebook? That's strong
That's right, because then that's definitive right because it's been so wishy-washy like oh, let's check Facebook
You're like which one right? And if you were just like, oh check the Facebook, right?
No, no, okay. We're not changing the name of Facebook. It's very important here that we're clear about this
Facebook will continue to operate in its own special way
okay, that is so good for everybody as Facebook the company that owes Facebook and
oculus and
Instagram and
You know probably 35 different ad companies
Will change its name the parent company. Okay, so then just change it to Facebook senior. Yeah, it's Facebook's dad
Yeah, this Facebook's dad Facebook senior. Mr. Facebook. So that way Facebook can say no, please. Call me Facebook. Mr. Facebook is my father
Good Facebook would be neat because then it's like you don't have to sweat like the ethics of it
It lets you know right there on the tin. Of course, there would have to be some behavioral
Changes there. What am I really it's all branding. What about mr. Zucker's old-time Internet Palace?
Yeah, well, that's got it. Like that's got a real geo cities vibe that I'm into. Yeah
Retro, how about O'Callaghan's authentic Irish pub and Family Fun Center? Oh, I like that kicks ass
Yeah
If you are not gonna think there's anything weird about Facebook if it's suddenly one day
a officially owned by O'Callaghan's our authentic Irish pub and Family Fun Center. Yeah, that's good
They should sell it to Jolly Pirate Donut. Yeah, wait, so
sell
ownership
Sell ownership of Facebook. Yeah, the company to Jolly Pirate Donut and then operate as like Jolly Pirate Donut is
The company that owns Facebook and Instagram Facebook a Jolly Pirate production
Mm-hmm. You'd be like a lot more down with it. And yeah, I mean it'd be cool to work then get
Donut like free doughnuts and it would be nice for Nani to know that on the 12th time
She got hacked the 13th one is free
A baker's dozen hacks. Uh-huh
I
mean
Zucks place could be fun
Zucks place is good
That would be a better name for the plat see I feel like they're gonna find a new name for the company and they're gonna
Be like, well, this is so good. We got to change the website's name to Zucks place a
Place for Zuck to come and hang out and let loose
Maybe fun suckers
Fun suckers fun suckers. Yeah
Yeah, man, what's wrong with that
I'm trying to think of the joke here. There's not a joke
What about Dave and Zuckers while we're at it
Zucky cheese
Uh-huh. That's okay. These are all so good. We'll use that in oculus will become Zucky cheese
Yeah, Facebook will be fun suckers, of course, and Instagram will be Dave and suckers
All all of which are subsidiaries of Zucks place
All which are owned by O'Callaghan's
So you open up Zucks place and it's a it's like an animated gif of a map
Unscrolling and it's like which which of Zucks amazing experiences would you like to dive into today?
It's like oh, do you want to do you want to hack Clint McElroy's mom?
Good news
It's like a Club Penguin minigame
Yeah, that's cool. That's awesome. I want I want all that shit on like let's not just limit it to Facebook and oculus and
Instagram and all that like let's get neopets on there, but they're called
Zucky beasts and there you go and have fun with them
Mother suckers. Yeah
Now you don't what what what would mother suckers be just
the the the neopets thing
Oh cuz they're like a virtual caregiver
Little little mother suckers. Yeah
Hey, can we do a garbage pail kid mark Zuckerberg thing? What would if they bought Facebook?
If Zuck, if O'Callaghan's authentic Irish family fun center bought
Garbage pail kids. Yeah, what would be a fun joke to say about Facebook?
About like what kind of name could you get Zuck into garbage pail kids?
Oh, you're saying like what's like a dirty joke? I don't have it. I don't have like a joke. Wild!
Then that's a wild joke you just did Justin.
Yeah, no, I was hoping you guys would have like a funny joke.
You know sometimes on the show Justin
One of us does like a bump set spike kind of maneuver and what you did is you set the ball in the middle of the
Floor and said wouldn't it be cool if one of you spiked that? Yeah, someone figure
You throw it in a garbage can across the street
You know like someone figure out how to spike that and get a point like a lady in a toilet and said imagine if I had
Spiked that. Yeah, sure. How cool would that be?
It's like if there was no ball and you said imagine if there was a ball in the air and you could spike it. Yeah
This is good times. This is good. This is good. Hey, thank you to Mark Zuckerberg for encouraging us to do that bit
I'm sorry about everything
We'll take your money right now. I don't know why. I'm not sorry. Sorry you fucked up so bad and made things so bad.
Sorry Griffin. Griffin zucked up. It is legally done.
Sorry you zucked up the entire fabric of our society.
Can we stop for a second? I feel like the zuck sounds like fuck thing is so played. Like I'm sure he's got it later.
Should we go the other way and say like Mark Fuckerberg, right? No guys. These are too obvious for us. We have we have
Mark Mark Duckberg. What if he replaced himself with a cartoon duck named Mark Zuckerberg?
And I see his brain inside the duck. Yeah, he's controlling it like alter ego that the new Alanis Morissette show. Uh-huh.
I feel like he's controlling it and it's an animated duck that he controls named Mark Zuckerberg.
I feel like if they do that, they don't even need to change the name of the company.
No, that's gonna do a lot of PR work for them. Yeah.
This is an advice show. I don't know if you've gotten that. We have a special guest this week. It's very exciting.
Yeah, it's later though. Don't worry about it. Right now we're going to help you and we'll do other things too.
But first the help. I recently started a job that at certain points involves driving a big truck that tows an even bigger trailer.
Badass. Let's take a second to just badass. Badass dude.
You know when you see a big truck you're like that's a big truck and then you see the even bigger trailer and you're like whoa.
Shit. Real nice. I'm not the biggest fan of this job. Stupid. So I was planning on-
Wait, hold on. Who's stupid? The question I was gonna ask.
I just think it's stupid. They don't like that job. It'd be like so cool.
Oh, I see. That's a bold stance.
If you smash that truck into anything, it is donezo. Like that's gotta be empowering.
Yeah. So I was planning on only keeping this job until I found a new one.
Unfortunately, my second week on the job, I was towing the trailer on the interstate and the trailer jackknifed on me.
Fuck. The truck rolled twice and landed upside down.
I got in one little fight and my mom got scared.
Nobody, including myself, was hurt.
Okay. But now I feel like I can't quit because I totaled the truck and the trailer.
Oh man. Accurate.
Brothers, should I stick around a little bit longer or should I just piece the hell out?
That's from career confusion at Colorado. That's a sticky wicked.
Yeah, hold on, because I feel like I have a different feeling it seems than my brothers do.
Because Justin, it seems that you are of the mindset that it is now difficult to quit after you jackknife and roll the truck and trailer.
I, on the other hand, think that if you quit, your job will be like, oh thank god they quit.
Yeah, at this point your boss would be like, oh yeah, that makes sense.
I actually didn't even know you still worked here after you rolled the truck and trailer on your second week.
You made a big spectacular exploder on day 14 it says here in your file.
So yeah, it makes sense that you wouldn't want to be this job.
You did what we in the business call a truck whoopsie.
And that usually is a fireable offense and we actually just assumed you had quit already.
What was in the trailer? Was it something funny?
Oh god.
You know, like bouncy balls or like...
Oh boy. Yeah, this is good. This is good. Where are we going next?
Oh, a bunch of like KY jelly.
Yeah.
And it spilled all over and like all the cars started slip sliding around and like porking.
Huh.
Yeah, I think...
You lost it a little bit.
I think you should, if you don't want to drive the big truck anymore because you crashed it pretty much instantly in the grand scheme of things, I feel like that's okay.
I feel like they aren't going to keep you there and say like, no, you have to stay here and do this because...
The only problem is that you...
Well, I guess you needed the job for a little bit longer, right?
You weren't ready to quit then.
Yeah.
You didn't want to quit because I was going to say like that's the moment.
You jackknife it.
Nobody's going to judge you for being like, I'm done.
That's it.
Never again.
It sucks to drive a car this big on the same road.
It's too big of a car.
Can I deliver this in a Jetta maybe?
God's mistake, this giant truck, we went too far as a species.
Time to take it back.
Yeah, you should.
One time I got a job at Petsmart and on my first day of training, halfway through the training session, I got a call letting me know that I was actually supposed to be somewhere to perform a play that they had not told me.
And it was like, you know, a thing that they sent out for, you know, like the touring thing.
The life of an actor.
I know.
So I just like walked out of training and my boss was like, where are you going?
And I was like, sorry, I just got a call.
I gotta be somewhere else.
Be back tomorrow.
And when I came back the next day, they didn't fire me.
So let that and this question be a combined sign to you, the listener.
It's actually a lot harder to get fired from things than you would think.
That's like the end of rent, Trav.
I mean, I guess.
Think about it.
It's basically what rent's about.
Hey, do you all want to talk to the wizard on the cloud?
Call him up real quick.
Yeah.
You know what?
How come he never calls us?
Good point.
Good question.
I mean, because he's the wizard.
All right.
Let's see what the wizard's got for us today.
A stinker.
You know how it's a cool these days not to be like strong sports type, but like what?
Yeah.
Smart type.
Oh, man.
Well, this is going to help us sort of get there.
Yeah.
I'm sorry, buddy.
I just didn't know.
Okay.
This one's going to make you very popular with a lot of people because it is how to
live like Socrates.
Oh.
Yeah.
And here's the thing.
Here's what I'm excited about is that it worked out so good for Socrates.
Yeah.
Everybody loved that guy.
Being Socrates and being like how he is was really great for him.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So let's I mean, let's hop right into it because I think that some of this stuff is just timeless,
right?
So just start by reading some of Plato's dialogues.
Actually, fuck that.
That's so boring.
Skip that part.
No.
That's a bad place to start.
That's a wicked bad place to start.
Where is it?
What about that?
Couldn't you start with the movie?
Oh, yes.
The one that Bill and Ted.
The Keanu Reeves biopic.
Is that right?
No, no, no.
The movie about Socrates with Channing Tatum as Socrates.
Right.
They made like a biopic.
Magic Socrates.
Yeah.
I think it was called Magic Socrates.
I think it was called Socrates.
I love that at the end of the trailer, when he looks at the camera, loads the sunglasses
and he's like, I guess you could say I'm pretty smart.
Yeah.
I like that.
Then he looked down and said nothing platonic about this relationship.
Yeah.
Then he had sex with everybody.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was a good flick.
I wish I knew more about Socrates.
I wish I knew more about Magic Mike.
So yeah, you got to read Plato's shit.
I guess Plato was like a big Socrates fan.
I'm going to show my hand here.
I don't know fuck all about this dude.
Which one?
I thought about tossing him a quick Google.
Sure, my boy.
Quick Google.
I know that that would throw off the metadata that Google has on me.
Normally, Travis is looking up the voice actors of the show Avatar The Last Airbender and
suddenly he's Googling the teachings of Plato.
Do we need to start worrying about Travis being too smart?
Oh, no, no, no.
He's back to Googling voice actors of different cartoons.
We're all good.
Hey, here's the second one.
This is a good tip for like any sort of thing you're trying to do with your life is don't
change your life immediately.
Do it gradually.
If you do it too fast and you're like, I'm fucking Socrates now, like you're going to
burn out too fast.
You got to really step into it.
Griffin, is there a heading in there of what to do when you want to be kind of contendered
like the Socrates of say, and this is just the top of my head, but like soccer, so you
can be Socrates and you're like the Socrates, you know, like the Socrates of soccer.
Is there any instructions in there?
Because that's kind of what I've always thought of myself as.
The Socrates of soccer?
Yeah.
In that I bet he was also pretty bad at soccer.
Yeah, exactly.
So just start with these plain simple steps.
Okay.
Wear simpler clothes.
That's going to be hard for me.
Yeah, I don't know about that.
I'm kind of a peacock.
Sort of a real clothes peacock.
Eat plainer foods.
That a day I could swing with.
I could hang with that.
Yeah, that's good for advice for anybody.
It'd probably be good for my belly.
And then do not waste your money on material things.
Well, I'm fucked.
That's it.
I'm done.
Well, does that include like food?
Spicy foods, maybe.
Foods that are not just very plain.
Yeah, probably.
So next tip is to follow Socratic principles and ideals.
Again, it's a real snooze fest.
Yeah, that feels like a lot of research involved.
Can't you just tell me?
Yeah, I'll sort of give you the CliffsNotes version of it.
And this is really where the article starts
to maybe show how there are lots of people, especially
on the internet, who follow Socratic principles and ideals
and that nobody likes them.
Oh, OK.
Yeah, so just here's how to argue using the Socratic method.
Question everything.
Cool start.
Do not merely take something at face value
or do something because someone says so,
whether it is one person or 100.
Hey, can you stop fucking being a reply guy
and just like jumping in there whenever anyone says anything
and being an asshole and saying like, are you sure?
But that's what Socrates does it.
That's what Socrates does it.
Yeah, I think health care is a human right.
Is it though?
Thanks, Socrates.
I have to question it.
Like everybody's out here saying it's cool to not die
because you don't have enough money.
But is it though?
It's me, Socrates.
If you truly wish to live like Socrates,
then you need to devote yourself entirely to philosophy
and searching for truth.
Which if you have a-
That person's great too.
That person's really cool.
If you have a WikiHow membership,
you're already halfway there, baby.
You're already there.
Can I just say right now, Socrates right now,
what I've learned basically in the last five minutes,
he seems like the type of person now
who would say like, I don't watch TV
and I wouldn't really want to talk to that person.
Yeah, I mean, back in the day, I get it, right?
If back in the day they're like, oh man,
we got to kill a hundred of our own people every year
or else the sun will devour us.
And it was probably good for Socrates to step in there
and be like, can I maybe suggest
that we don't have to sacrifice our people
because maybe the sun won't swallow us up?
Yeah, it is like, back then we didn't do anything.
Yeah.
So yeah, question all of it.
But now it's like, we got it.
We got it.
You know what?
I'll take it one step further
and say back in Socrates' time,
it was also probably really easy
not to buy material goods or eat spicy foods
because the stuff they had was bunk.
But now Socrates is like,
did you see those fucking sneakers, dude?
I had to buy them.
They were really cool.
And I just heard that this new Indian place
opened up down the street
and I got to check that shit out.
Make sure where you debate with others is in a public area.
I think Twitter counts like that.
Man, there's a lot of people out there
trying to be Socrates.
Never be afraid to voice what you think
or more importantly, the truth.
Hey, it's cool to complete those two things.
Socrates sucks.
Yeah, like Socrates,
I feel like those are different ideas.
The truth is the things that you do.
No, no, no, no.
I think it's important to be Socrates
to know 100% whatever you think is right.
Question everything,
unless it's one of your sweet little thought bubbles.
Question everything except your own thoughts and ideas.
Those, solid.
Those, truth, truth.
Hey, here's a universal.
This is a bad-ass one
and maybe the most attainable one.
And that is number seven, never fear death.
Cool, cool, cool.
Maybe that's oh.
Let me flip this switch.
Boom.
Maybe that's why Twitter reply guys
are so cocksure all the time
is because they don't spend an hour of their day
just thinking about death.
I have wondered how they get so much done.
For other shit.
They don't fear death.
That's daredevil shit.
Socrates was wasting his time
with all the philosophy and stuff.
He should have been defending the innocent
in Hell's Kitchen or whatever.
They didn't have kitchens back then.
One thing I do know about Socrates
is he got sentenced to death
for all of his cool thoughts.
And then the day before he got his just desserts,
he had a bunch of buddies who swung by
and they're like Socrates,
we're going to get you out of here, buddy.
And he was like, nah, they got me.
And then he drank him off and beat it.
His buddies are like, come on, dude, we got to go.
Your brain is so special and you got to help.
Nah, they got me fair and square guys.
I ain't scared.
I ain't scared.
They did a trial fair and square.
Yeah, but the trial was like a hundred
extremely religious people who were like,
no, he stinks.
They got me.
Bye.
And also, I think it's a big assumption
to assume that Socrates wasn't afraid of death
just because he never wrote down like,
fucking death has got me shitting myself, dude.
Yeah, maybe he was just so busy
thinking all of his cool thoughts
that he just didn't even think to buy.
And so he guzzled down that sweet hemlock
and then he was like, wait a minute.
This is, this is what death.
Maybe he sucked so bad his friends handed him hemlock
and were like, hey, this is like a wheatgrass shot.
And he was like, okay,
you guys are going to get me out of here.
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you got it.
But take that wheatgrass shot first.
And then they walked out and like, wait,
I thought you guys were going to go help Socrates.
Oh, we tried.
We really tried.
But he said.
Alternatively, his friends were like, dude,
you cannot beef it.
That is going to stink.
And he was like, well, I have to fucking question that.
Damn it.
Damn it.
I wasn't gonna, I didn't want to beef it.
But now.
Now everybody's talking about how bad being dead is.
And I was like, shit, I gotta question it, right?
I'm the great philosopher.
So crazy.
I'm so great.
I'm so great, Tim.
Show humility.
Yeah, that's not.
Those ideas don't really mishmash together.
I don't trust anything you say.
But hey, that's just me.
That's just me.
That's just me.
My thing is that truth is knowable.
And I've got it here in my pocket.
The next one is so boring.
I don't even want to talk about it.
But remember the Socratic paradoxes.
Yeah, obviously.
Stick to your principles even in the face of death
as Socrates did as described in Phaedo.
Phaedo.
Which I suppose is a cool book.
Listen, you all know me.
I'm a pretty cool dude, right?
Very cool.
If I'm facing death, I'm going to do whatever it takes
to get out of there.
You know what I mean?
Sure, sure.
I'll sign anything.
I will say anything.
I'll make fun of anybody.
And then later be like, I didn't.
Nope, not true.
I totally didn't.
But anyways, I'm still eating this hamburger right here
and loving it.
Be sure to know thyself.
That scene.
Of course.
You clearly don't, though, because you're like,
I know myself, but I'd rather know myself as Socrates.
Knowing thyself is a lot easier when no one else
really wants you to know them.
Yes.
So it frees up a lot.
I don't actually want to spend that much time
letting you get to know me,
so you should probably just know yourself.
That's probably a better use of your time.
And meet distinguished or influential people.
Yeah, that's easy enough.
Hey, what's up?
Is this Zach Braff?
Come here, my cool farts.
Zach Braff?
Zach Braff?
You're going to love them.
And finally, remember that truth is the most important thing ever,
and you must do all you can to find it.
That's a cool one, because I don't think about things that way
even a little bit.
No.
Truth, wildly subjective and often incredibly hurtful.
Well, I mean, it's good to not live in fantasy times
where you think that vaccines don't make you jump as good
or whatever.
True.
But there's also so much other cool shit you can do in the world,
like ride a roller coaster.
Or VR experiences.
A virtual reality experience.
Yeah, I can't dedicate all my time to, you know,
cracking open the Shelby Woo mystery files.
You know what I mean?
I got a lot on my plate right now.
Do you think because Socrates didn't eat food with any flavor
and didn't own cool shit,
that's why he wasn't afraid of death?
Because he was like, what am I even doing?
You know what I mean?
I'm filling my time with you, Jags.
I can't wait to get out of here.
One of those stinkers that didn't like it was like,
you've never had spices?
Dude, you've got to try this one.
It's called Himlock.
It's got good umami potential.
And you know Plato was waiting in the wings.
And he was like, Plato?
You know more about flavors than I do.
Is this cool?
And Plato was like, definitely.
Go for it.
Delicious.
It's going to be good.
What'd you say?
Nothing.
I've written a cool book about how cool you are
even though you're dead.
And it's in a holding pattern for obvious reasons.
A lot of publishers interested, just waiting for the finish.
Just waiting for the ending.
We're going to take a quick break right now.
I want to stop doing the hard part of this job
and do the easy part, which is selling,
which is my true passion is products.
So let's do that now.
In a little segment we tend to call the money sound.
Wrap yourself in a dream.
That's right.
I'm telling you about Brooklinen.
And here's what's great is when you say Brooklinen, right?
It kind of sounds like Brooklyn.
You ever notice that?
Yeah.
Hi, I'm Travis McElroy,
spokesperson and best friend of Brooklinen.
They told me that they like me better than anyone else.
Makes sense.
And it's because I sleep on their sheets.
Not by force.
No one's making me do it.
I chose to do it.
That is what you would have to say though.
No, Griffin, I promise you of my own volition and free will,
I sleep on Brooklinen's sheets.
Still things that you would say if being sort of.
No one is here making me.
No one's standing right next to me
telling me what to say with an earpiece
and like some written notes that are scrawled in an angry hand, right?
I am choosing to say of my own experience
how comfortable and life changing Brooklinen can be.
A lot of people think that their sheets don't stink.
Okay.
But maybe yours do and you should check out Brooklinen.
Yeah, that's good.
Hi, I'm Justin McElroy.
Travis, take a back seat.
Juice has got it from here, I think.
Okay.
We got a lot of ads to get through
and honestly, Travis is taking too long.
These are great sheets.
If you don't think so, you don't know fuck all about comfort
and Brooklinen's are great to give as a gift.
Once you experience it, it is a actual mortal sin
to not want to share it with other people you love.
Yeah.
I love every Brooklinen thing I've ever owned
more than my next breath.
I mean, it is the-
More than Zach Braff.
More than Zach Braff, more than Braff Zachary,
more than scrubs.
What?
I'm sorry.
That's just the way I feel.
Go.
There's a gift guide so you can find the perfect present
from Brooklinen at every price point.
You just go to Brooklinen.com, use the promo code MYBROTHER
and you can get $20 off with a minimum purchase of $100.
That's B-R-O-O-K-L-I-N-E-N.com
and enter promo code MYBROTHER.
Brooklinen.com, promo code MYBROTHER.
Justin, now that we're out of the ad,
do you want to take back what you said about scrubs?
Yeah, I actually, they're not paying me anymore
so scrubs is the best.
It's better than new sheets.
Okay, great.
I'm assuming they were asopolis-ing.
Clothes go on your body and make you look cool
and they make you look not like everybody else
who's wearing different clothes.
Your clothes are going to be better than theirs though
because you're getting them from Stitch Fix.
Stitch Fix is the best because you don't have to go
to a building where they are like,
here's a million shirts.
Most of them won't fit you good.
You're like, fuck.
They do a quiz for you, but like a fun quiz
where they're like, what do you like?
What size is everything?
And you tell them and then you get clothes
specifically for your body, your style.
They also have Stitch Fix Freestyle
where you can just pick stuff yourself
from a range of over a thousand brands,
personalized though to your size and fit.
And there's no subscription required.
They offer free shipping, returns and exchanges.
You gotta do it.
You gotta do it.
I got a Stitch Fix box waiting for me downstairs.
I haven't cracked open yet.
Stoked out of my gourd.
So get started today by filling out your style quiz
at stitchfix.com slash my brother.
That's stitchfix.com slash my brother
to try Stitch Fix Freestyle.
Stitchfix.com slash my brother.
Now listen, we're going to talk about Zip Recruiter here
and Zip Recruiter, listen, it's not fun looking for a job.
We've all done it.
And you know what?
I'm going to say it.
It huffs farts, right?
Yeah, big time.
And Zip Recruiter has encouraged us now
to talk about things we'd rather do
instead of looking for a job.
And I would rather.
There he goes.
Get out of its way.
Eat the space needle slowly, one bite at a time
over 10 years, then look for a job.
But now that I've said that, I think eventually
I could probably turn that into money or get arrested.
I don't even know, you know?
Right.
Definitely.
So quick, I'm going to do a really fun game
right here for our listeners.
If you can tell me what this ad is about,
like what the company this ad is for
after the last minute of this show
and it hasn't completely glazed over
and exited your brain, I will send you $2.50.
Because there's no way.
I'm part of the show and I forget what the advertiser is.
It's about how to eat the space needle.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But like what's the company that gives us-
The ad, the person who wrote the chat.
Oh, right, right, right, right, right.
Well, it's ZipRecruiter.
And you know, it doesn't have to be boring
to look for a job.
They figured out how to make the job process better
and a lot easier.
When you sign up for ziprecruiter.com slash easy,
it's right there, you can create a free profile
and get matched to great jobs.
Plus ZipRecruiter will proactively pitch your profile
to employers whose jobs match your experience,
which is amazing, right?
You don't have to do all the work.
They're here helping you.
Unlike other job sites, if an actual person
from the company really likes what they see,
they can personally invite you to apply for their job.
Plus, if you like the job, you can apply to it
and many others with just one click, it's that easy.
So what are you waiting for?
If you want an easy job search, sign up for free
on ziprecruiter.com slash easy today
and put ZipRecruiter to work for you.
There's no better place to start
than ziprecruiter.com slash easy today.
Well, hello, I'm Renee Colvert.
Hi, I'm Alexis Preston, and we are the hosts
of Can I Pet Your Dog?
And we got breaking news.
We got an expose that all the beans have been spilled
via an Apple podcast review that said,
this show isn't well researched.
Well, yeah, no duh.
Of course, it's not.
Not since the day we started has it been well researched.
Guessing and anthropomorphizing dogs is what we do.
The Can I Pet Your Dog promise
is that we will never do more than 10 seconds of research
before telling you excitedly about any dog we see.
I'm gonna come at you with top 10 enthusiasm, minimal facts.
We're here for a good time, not an educated time.
So if you love dogs and you don't love research,
well, you know what, come on in
to Can I Pet Your Dog podcast every Tuesday
on Maximum Fun Network.
Hey, now that ZipRecruiter's gone,
you remember when we said they told us
we could talk about things we'd rather do than look for a job?
Yeah.
They included four examples.
And the second one is eat dry, salty crackers.
Yeah.
Do they know?
Do they know about you and the stuff you're into?
Do they know about your dry sensibilities?
It's like somebody who's never struggled.
I feel like this was written by someone
who's never had actual challenge in their life.
Because eating dry, salty crackers,
that might not even be a negative.
Yeah, some people like those.
I mean, they also included watching a documentary
about sea slugs, which I would happily do.
They're fascinating creatures.
Yeah.
And it also says to hear about my mother-in-law's bunion surgery,
which like, sorry that I'm concerned about-
Yeah, sorry that I love my mother-in-law so much
and she's in pain and she had surgery?
Yeah.
What?
I said.
Oh, spooky.
I want a Munch Squad.
Squad.
I want to Munch Squad.
Squad.
Welcome to Munch Squad.
It's podcast to the podcast,
profiling the latest and greatest in brand eating.
It is no longer being sunset.
It has been revived for season five.
So I'm so excited to have-
Now on Netflix.
It's been picked up.
It's now streaming.
It wasn't right for broadcast television anymore,
but thanks to all of you who sent in your old hamburger wrappers.
They picked it up.
There's a protest.
On Quibi.
Arby's, I just want to, this is quick,
Arby's is going to launch Boneless Wings
for a limited time this week.
Neat.
They like, they've already got nuggets.
Yeah.
So actually fuck off.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Like they've actually, this kind of thing.
Okay.
I think that was it.
Hey boys.
Hello.
Sorry.
I had to take care of Justin.
Two in a row.
Count Donut.
Well, he said.
And also Griffin, a limited window
where are we going to have Count Donut on
and it makes any kind of sense.
Yeah, that's fair.
Oh, it's kind of late breaking.
I've got the paper.
This is late breaking is exactly it.
I'm very frustrated.
And when I'm angry, I don't always sound like myself.
So I'm going to bring the energy down,
but no, I'm holding back the range
with everything in my multi.
Okay.
All right, what's, what's, what's.
I am Count Donut.
Yeah, we, yes.
Wow, we know.
Yeah.
I am called and summoned, if you will,
when Donut News is breaking in this segment.
And last week-
Is the killing of Justin part of that
or is that just for funsies?
I, I inhabit Justin's body and I need it to function.
Huh.
So here's the thing.
That's a new Wrinkle in the Vampire kind of mythology,
isn't it?
Yeah.
Well, it's Justin's intrigue.
Me and, me and Richard Stink share the vessel
when we need to.
Huh.
And we bumped into Richard in here.
It was awkward.
We shared a nice cup of tea.
It was pleasant.
You know, people often ask,
can I just start at the latest episode
of My Brother, My Brother and Me,
and I say like, oh, you'll be so confused
without all the backstory of the different things
that inhabit Justin's body.
But go on.
The mythology.
So, you know, last week I brought you
the incredible story of all the different Halloween donuts.
Yeah, Krispy Scream.
From all, Krispy Scream.
Oh, you scared me with that.
Yeah, I know.
I wasn't even ready for it,
and you scared me.
Well, I was ready to go back into my coffin
and die for another year.
In Justin's body?
No, the spirit is in a coffin.
Yeah.
It comes out.
It's like you don't know fucking anything, Travis.
I'm just trying to catch it up for people at home.
But then someone lays across my desk,
that I have, which is my coffin.
Okay.
The top of my coffin, I call it.
I like that.
Do you like, do you live in like a tiny house?
And you just like, you're very sort of efficient.
Well, it's a coffin, which is a tiny house.
Yes.
Oh, so it's a sort of all-in-one living,
or unliving experience.
If you're trying to ask me if I poop in there,
I'll never tell.
I don't think we were.
Sounds like you do, though.
Like you definitely do.
Okay.
So, this is killing me.
Let me get this off my chest.
Yeah.
Tim Horton.
Do you know this man?
Yeah.
Canadian.
Canadian.
I think he's a hockey player.
They do the name after him.
They put out an announcement on October 19th,
that they have a Halloween sprinkle donut.
And I am so furious at these guys.
This Halloween sprinkle donut.
So festive.
Yes.
It's available October 27th.
Begins October 27th.
This Halloween sprinkle donut.
And you don't like it?
But listen to this.
Listen to this.
Okay.
For your Halloween spirit.
Tim Horton's U.S. restaurants are celebrating Halloween this year
with all treats and no tricks.
I would say it's mean trick to wait until October 27th.
The Halloween sprinkle donut is a classic yeast ring donut
dipped in chocolate fondant and topped with festive orange sprinkles.
Oh my!
Chilling!
Yeah.
What a festive thing you've done.
It's chocolate with orange sprinkles?
That's a little too much for me even.
You're in the spirit now.
Oh boy.
And you say it's available for three whole days.
Oh boy.
Look at the Frankenstein over here really getting into it.
This festive donut will make the perfect sweet to serve Halloween parties
or delicious treat to enjoy while carving pumpkins and making costumes.
This person definitely forgot about Halloween is what they're saying.
They definitely forgot.
Oh yeah.
We've got one.
Wait until you hear about it.
It's available in a week and it's a chocolate donut with orange sprinkles.
We've been working on this one for a while.
Yeah.
The boys at R&D, the D stands for death,
they've really spooked you out with this one.
It's a real crazy scary donut.
You wouldn't believe it.
They definitely forgot, Tim.
Just say, put out an answer that says, oops.
Oops.
We didn't do Halloween this year.
I hope you in these challenging times.
We forgot to do this Halloween donut.
Don't try.
I'm furious.
This is what I want to say.
This is all.
It's a terrible donut.
But the good news is it's not available for very long.
So anyway, I'm back to the beyond.
Goodbye, boys.
I'm not.
Bye.
How does he bring Justin back?
Do you need me?
I don't want to let them.
You know, I don't just do donut stuff.
I have a lot of great.
You guys want to talk about Dune?
It's coming out.
Yeah, tell me your vampire thoughts about Dune.
Yeah.
I wanted to read the book, but who's got the time?
Yeah, maybe you should go.
My joke was good.
It was pretty common mortal, you see.
Oh, I didn't get it at first, but now I definitely do.
Awesome.
That's the kind of comedy I do.
More thinkers.
I've loved your stand up sets.
Oh, OK.
He's gone.
Hey, I'm back.
I'm getting used to it.
You know what?
Weirdly, Socrates, I get it.
Yeah, sure.
It's not too bad, honestly, being basically dead.
It's not bad.
Cool.
Cool thing.
I no longer fear it.
How about another question?
Hey, can I read a question?
I never get to read a question.
Hold on.
Are you ready for this level of responsibility, Griffin?
I mean, I read and make up bullshit questions throughout the show.
Well, that's a little different, isn't it?
Because now you're using real people's real words.
Here it comes.
OK.
My cousin is getting married on Halloween this year.
Small family wedding.
Vaccine required.
All chill.
Thank you for including that because I was ready to judge.
The invitation does not list any dress code,
and I have no idea how much Halloween cheer
I should bring to the event.
The couple is very nerdy into board games,
D&D, video games, et cetera,
but they're not specifically Halloween nerdy.
They chose Halloween because my cousin's birthday is on April Fool's Day,
so they thought it'd be cool if their anniversary was also on a pseudo holiday.
They're even getting married on a classy beach.
Surely I don't just wear a normal dress to a Halloween wedding,
but a costume also has to be out of the question, right?
Can I get away with a fancy witch's hat, a cape, a broom?
From Confounded in California.
This one is tough.
I actually have no, absolutely no idea.
I don't know anything about weddings or Halloween or clothes.
Oh, you know who I could call?
Who?
Mr. Halloween himself.
The king of horror, as I call him.
The king of podcasting horror.
The Duke of Doom.
The Duke of Doom.
The Sultan of scares.
And SWAT.
Five more.
Five more of them, please.
Joseph Fink.
He's one of the Nightfall guys.
They've got a whole writers' room over there, but he's one of them.
Hold on.
I have a yellow book of fellow New York Times bestselling authors.
Let me look at this.
Oh, no, that's Hank Green.
If you can't find him, let's just do Dan Brown.
Dan.
No, no, here he is.
Here he is.
Hold on.
I'll call him.
Beep, boop, beep, boop, boop, boop, beep.
This is Mr. Halloween, the king of horror podcasting.
Oh, hey, Joseph.
Hey, Joseph.
Justin McElroy.
My brothers and I do a different podcast.
My brother, my brother, and me.
I don't know if you've...
We did PodCon together.
We did PodCon.
It's like a not scary...
I know this is for people.
Oh, not sure.
Not scary podcasting also exists.
Yeah, not all podcasts are supposed to be scary ghosty tales.
Ours is for babies.
Yeah.
Exactly.
So you've been kind of the king of horror for years now.
What would you...
We do advice on our show and we had someone ask us what they would wear to a Halloween
wedding and we were curious what would be an appropriately ghoulish ensemble for that
kind of thing.
Yeah, I mean, kind of through the ether, I heard the question and I just want to...
That must be so distracting, you living your daily life, hearing all podcast questions.
Like a real Bruce Almighty, but for podcast bullshit.
I just want to first address pseudo-holiday.
Thank you.
Pseudo-holiday?
Yeah.
Like it's Halloween.
This isn't...
I mean, April Fool's Day I get, but like respect Halloween.
I do understand because as far as I know, not a federal holiday.
You don't get Halloween off from your job.
It's one of the big three.
It's a huge holiday.
It's one of the big ones.
I will tell you as a Jew that there are a lot of important holidays you do not get off
from the federal government.
This is fair.
It's an excellent point.
And you know, I said that you don't technically get off work, but nothing gets done on Halloween
in a workplace, right?
Everybody's eating candy and wearing costumes and doing fun games, I assume.
I don't know.
On a day when your sister could turn into a bat and gremlins can mess up all your cassettes,
how are you supposed to get any work done?
It's too scary.
Yeah.
Anything could happen.
Way too scary.
To address the question though, I mean, I feel like you don't actually have to do that.
Don't feel like...
We rarely do.
But if you want to take a swing at it for the novelty, please go ahead.
Well, they found the answer, I think themselves, which is an elegant witch's hat.
Sounds perfect.
I mean, that's perfect for most occasions.
This is true.
What if you go indoors though, what if there's an indoors portion of the wedding, you have
to take it off, then you just have matted witch hat hair.
Well, you have a smaller hat underneath.
Okay, okay.
Or an owl.
There you go.
No one's noticing your hair at that point.
Yeah.
And if they do, they'll blame it on the owl.
Yeah.
Sorry about my hair, guys.
I'm just picturing the national anthem happens and someone has to take off their elegant
witch's hat and hold it in their chest.
You know Disney bounding where people dress...
You're not allowed to wear costumes to the parks, so people will dress up in outfits
inspired by characters that they...
You are reading my mind.
So like for Winnie the Pooh, you would wear like a red t-shirt and like...
And no pants.
No pants.
Sort of like...
It's not a costume, it's just like...
Yeah.
So for this, I think you'd want to do like Halloween bounding, where it's like doffing
your cap to Frankenstein.
You know what I mean?
Like an elegant bolt on your, two elegant bolts on your neck.
Listen, I'm just going to say two words that you could Halloween bound, Sanderson sisters.
Right there, little hocus pocus action.
Those dresses could easily, easily translate to an elegant...
Now it is a beach wedding, so maybe not an elegant ball gown, which is what I was going
to say.
This is what fucks me up.
That's the least terrifying environment, unless you are afraid of sea creatures, as I am,
but I doubt that there's going to be a swimming portion of the wedding, right?
So like, it's not going to be, it's tonally strange.
Yes.
Could you, could you, could you Halloween bound like a mermaid or a shark or a shark
victim?
The creature from the Black Lagoon.
Yes.
There you go.
Good idea.
Something very aquatic.
Maybe just dress as a shell and you're laying on the beach the whole time.
They're like, I can't believe that, you know, Sandy didn't make it.
And then boom, you pop up.
Sorry.
Wait, wait, wait.
Yeah, I know.
Is that because you were thinking beach, so Sandy is the name you got too?
Yeah.
Yeah, it is, Justin.
What's wrong with that?
It is.
Thank you.
Okay.
And then the shell pops up, but it's you.
I could have said Shelly.
Damn it.
If you have a wedding on Halloween, I feel like you have to address that.
Yes.
In the invitations.
You've been set up to fail here.
You should have mentioned on that invitations, look, we know what day this is.
Do not show up dressed up like a big Pikachu.
That's fucked up.
I think it, I think it is morally indefensible to have a wedding on a day that is most well
known here in the US as a day that one dresses in costume and to say, I expect you to be
there and not in costume.
Right?
That feel, then why did you do it?
Like unless you just decided to get married two weeks ago, right?
And then otherwise you knew you planned it on Halloween.
Just do it on Thanksgiving or something.
No, it's a weird thing.
Yeah.
That's sort of the premise of the show.
Oh, right.
Here's where I'm at.
It's like, fellows, we've all been married.
Yeah.
It's a day of joy.
It's a, it's a very happy day.
So like, you know, if someone shows up dressed as a giant Pikachu, I'm, I'm fine with that.
That's an expression of joy.
Like what am I going to be upset about someone doing something they love on this joyful day?
Well, I guess the real question, Joseph, is would you let them into the pictures?
That is a fucking actually fantastic question.
My friend Eric came to our wedding and this was during a period where he had, I would
say the most perverted mustache any human being has ever grown on his face.
And this was for, he had this mustache for two months.
So it was not like iconic Eric pervert mustache.
It was like something he grew on a dare and then is in every single one of the like crowd
shots of the wedding photos.
And it's like, it's hard not to, when you look at, oh, there's my nanny and she's, she's
talking to our friends.
That's so, ah fuck.
Look at, look at, look at, there he is trying to, he's going to steal my grandma with that
mustache.
Well, this is especially, this occurs to me now, especially if question asker, you decide
to go with a very topical costume and you're like, get it, I'm from squid game or whatever.
And then like 20 years from now, this person's kids are like looking at the photos and like
this is so beautiful.
Are you, what, what is that?
And you're like, oh, it was from, oh, what was that?
Uh, Joseph, what's your favorite character from your own podcast to cosplay as?
Good question.
Um, I like, uh, Cecil because no one knows what he looks like.
So I am always cosplaying as Cecil at all times.
It's possible that all of us are.
Yeah.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Guys.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
All right.
So, uh, Mamoru Chiba, tuxedo mask.
Oh yeah.
Tuxedo mask of sailor moon fame.
You go as tuxedo mask.
You arrive, elegant cape, tuxedo.
Everyone's loving it.
Yes.
White mask in your pocket.
And then you get there and you check the vibe.
You have the rose in the back pocket.
You're ready to dress out if the situation is one where tuxedo mask would be appropriate.
If not, you leave the mask in your pocket and you're just someone in a very elegant
tuxedo.
Right.
Sure.
What I like about that is it addresses my concern, which is the inverse, uh, sort of
fear, which is that you show up in your, you know, Sunday best, but then you show up and
everybody's squid game and Pikachu.
And you're like, shit, I didn't realize we were having fun with this one because it's
a wedding.
Oh, okay.
Wait, this isn't an answer for the question asker, but if you are a wedding thrower and
you're ever in this exact situation, instead of one side for one participant and one side
for the other, you have a side of the audience for costumes and a side of the audience for
squares.
That's good.
And then you get two photographers, one angling from the square side.
Oh, and you, oh, the two participants, you're wearing half costume, half wedding clothes
so that when they take pictures from this side, it's all wedding baby.
And then pictures from this side, all spooky Halloween fun.
Hey Joseph, do you got a new book coming out?
I feel like you helped this person.
You helped this person.
Now, if you got a new book coming out.
It's a good question.
I do.
You often do.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Joseph.
And thank you for coming on.
So glad.
No way.
I need to know the title of it so that I can sleep tonight.
Yeah, that makes sense.
It's called the Halloween moon, coincidentally.
And it's a middle grade novel about Halloween and the experience of trick or treating.
And then also the experience of when Halloween night never ends and it just keeps going and
going and time gets stuck and you have to save the day because you're stuck in Halloween
forever.
It's out now.
It's a great, great time to read it.
I mean, it's, it's for ages 10 and up, but I think adult fans who like the spooky and
maybe like Welcome to Nightville will really enjoy it too.
Who read the audio book?
I see.
Oh, Kevin R. Free, who plays Kevin on Welcome to Nightville and is just a truly wonderful
performer.
Oh, excellent.
That sounds very good.
Is this a follow up to Mr. Bone Clown's scarifying adventure?
Your last, your last book?
I think of it more as a spiritual sequel.
Yeah.
You're saying there's ghosts in it.
Because the Mr. Bone Clown series, like usually you get his name in the title, so I was confused
about this one.
I really, I felt like stretching myself this time trying something new.
Joseph, are you getting ready to pull them all together with references from one book
appearing in the other series until eventually you, the author, appear in one and like reveal
that it's all been connected and springing forth from your mind?
Yes.
It's a, it's the shared Thinkiverse.
Now I, yeah, Joseph, if you, you, you wrote, if I'm, if I can, let me check my, yeah, this
is 37 Scare Gobblers books for kids and you're finally departing from the Scare Gobblers
series.
Why is this, I guess, why is the Halloween moon available now, not in the Scare Gobblers
franchise?
In answer to your question, I'm just going to tell you my favorite anecdote I ever heard
from the Goosebumps guy.
I was listening to an interview with R.L.
Stein in which he was talking about a fan letter he got after having written, I think,
over 200 books and the fan letter said, I've read all of your books and they're all terrible.
That's commitment to the bit, isn't it?
You think R.L.
Stein's one guy?
Whoa.
Oh, you think he's like a Shakespeare thing?
That Shakespeare wrote them?
Yeah.
Shakespeare wrote.
Shakespeare wrote Goosebumps.
Hey, the Halloween moon is good.
I love all of your books, Joseph.
You know that I, after I read one of your books, I like to tell you that I liked it
and this, I'm sure will be no exception for all of our listeners.
They're going to love it.
You know what I love?
Joseph wrote a book called The First 10 Years with his wife, Meg Bashwiner, and that is
a very good book as well.
It's both of them are calling their relationship independently and how those stories overlap
is very touching and lovely and I love that book too.
So if you read The Halloween Moon and you want something exactly like it, check out
that book as well.
Thank you so much, guys.
And Night Vale, are you guys still doing that?
I feel like-
Yeah.
We're about to hit our 10 year anniversary.
Yeah, we're in that club where it's like, we very justifiably, if people hear about
either of our podcasts, I think, are you guys still doing that as a completely legitimate
response to my brother, me and Night Vale?
A tweet I get literally weekly, if not daily is, wait, Night Vale is still happening?
It's better than ever.
Now's the best time to hop on board, wouldn't you agree?
What do you tell people if they're like, where do I start?
Because you don't want to go back to, I mean, I guess you have to go back to the beginning.
Do y'all ever do that?
Like, do you ever do like Marvel does and do like a universe reset?
Our argument is always you can start wherever because, yes, it's confusing if you start
at episode 170, but it's also confusing if you start at episode one.
You'll get it eventually.
Just start where you want.
I like to start in the middle and listen out, so like listen to one next and one before
and then keep going like that and then back in until the universe collapses in on itself.
That's cool.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Joseph, this has always been a treat.
Listen to Joseph's work and read Joseph's work and support him because he's a real solid
person.
Joseph, can I tell you something?
I've never told you before and we've known each other for years now, but I didn't want
to miss this opportunity to tell you.
When I started listening to Night Vale for a long, long time, I thought Joseph Fink was
a character that you created to play at the beginning of every episode introducing it.
I did not realize you were a real person for many years.
A lot of people did because we did this fun joking thing where we had multiple people
pretend to be like, hi, I'm Joseph Fink and I just thought it would be a fun way to get
people to listen to the ads and then it turned into people thinking I'm fictional.
Joseph Fink is his SAG name because there already was a Joey Funk, which is his real
name.
Yeah.
And then Joey Funk changed to Bruno Mars, which is very frustrating.
Because you could have just stayed Joey Funk.
And the original Joseph Fink had to change his name to Finkasaurus Rex, but all of his
albums are available on Spotify now.
So yeah, get there.
Hey Joseph, thanks for everything.
Thanks for being here and thanks for the help.
Thank you so much for having me.
This was fun.
Boy, can you take this was fun just one more time, but really put a little bit more emotion
behind it.
I could feel, if you could just give me like one more punch up of that.
Thanks so much for having me.
This was fun.
Much better.
Much better.
Maniacal.
Thank you so much to Joseph Fink, his new book, The Halloween Moon is available now
along with all of his other books.
And if you don't listen to Welcome to Night Vale, you really actually should.
What are you even doing?
It's good and funny and good.
We have an Adventure Zone live show.
It's live and virtual November 5th.
So make sure you get your tickets to that because it's going to be an absolute blast.
November 5th, 9pm Eastern Time tickets are only $10.
It is the third installment of Adventure Zone Hootenanny with your favorite space age country
band.
Tickets are available at bit.ly slash Taz virtual and even if you can't make it to that
November 5th, 9pm Eastern Time show, video on demand will be available for two weeks
after the show.
Speaking of tickets, get your tickets for our Emerald City Comic Con show.
They go on sale Thursday, October 28th at noon Pacific time.
That is some shows in Seattle at the Emerald City Comic Con convention.
My Brother, My Brother and Me, December 2nd and Taz on December 3rd.
Both shows will be general attendance.
So no assigned seating, but there will be ADA seating available.
You don't need an Emerald City Comic Con badge to buy tickets to these shows.
And it's also important to note Emerald City Comic Con safety protocols require full proof
of vaccination or recent negative COVID test to attend.
Full safety protocols are available if you want to see what all those are at bit.ly slash
ECCC safety.
That's E followed by three Cs and the word safety.
In addition, masks are required while on the premises and capacity will be reduced.
For more info, including all full health and safety protocols, as well as ticket links,
you can go to bit.ly slash McElroy tour.
We got a pin of the month.
It's Hellraven, which is Del Craven benefiting the National Latina Institute for Reproductive
Justice, which builds Latina and Latinx power to fight for the fundamental human right to
reproductive health, dignity, and justice.
We got Taz Notebooks.
We got Cam Nights Wrapping Paper.
I mean, it's like, just go to McElroyMerch.com and rub your wallet on the screen and get
ready.
Yeah, there's, we got some stuff coming too that I'm really excited about.
Yeah.
I mean, don't save your money.
Don't save your money.
No, don't save your money.
Dang it.
Don't save your money.
But just make more money.
Just get out there.
Yeah, then give it to us.
Hey, thank you Montaigne for the Use For Art theme song.
It's called My Life Is Better With You.
You can find that in any sort of music, like trough that you go to to get the music that
you get.
And while you're out there, you got to check out this new track from Montaigne.
Now In Space.
It's called Now In Space.
The music video is on YouTube and it's so fucking good.
It's a contender for your schedule.
It feels like Montaigne made the music video for the three of us to enjoy.
It feels like a DM music video and it's so fucking good.
It's been stuck in my head all day.
It's a top up.
And that's it.
Y'all want the final?
Yeah.
Oh, real quick.
Yeah, sure.
If you guys, if you are listening to this and you enjoy Great British Bake On, Teresa
and I have been doing a watch and kind of discussion podcast of Great British Bake On.
This is season two.
It's called Great British Bake.
You're so deep in it.
It's called Great British Bake Off.
Oh yeah.
It's called Great British Bake Off, but the name of the show is Bake On.
And you know, we're covering the new season, if you want to check that out, just search
for Bake On in your pod catcher and enjoy.
Okay.
Y'all want the final?
Yes, please.
Oh yeah.
Cool.
This one was sent in by Alf.
I want you guys to know that sometimes I just start, I say like a phonetic sound and then
just like try to build it in real time.
No one's surprised by that revelation.
Oh, okay.
Cool, cool, cool.
Yeah.
So you can hear, you can actually hear your loading screen in your brain as you do it.
So yeah.
So Alf sent this in.
Thanks, Alf.
It's asked by Yahoo Answers user den, denet, denes, denesquade, which is wild.
It's wild that it like specifically says here to say denesquade.
So we've all been saying it wrong all these years.
We've all been wrong.
And denesquade says, denesquade asks, I'm having trouble reading because I'm translating
it from Sanskrit.
Oh really?
Yeah.
I didn't even know Yahoo allowed you to do Sanskrit.
Denesquade asks, does anyone have tickets for sale for the big New Year's Eve Hoobastank
concert?
I'm trying to get out there, but I don't have as much sway as I used to.
Thank you.
Thanks for your support.
This has been my brother.
Love denesquade.
My name's Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother.
My brother and me.
Kiss your dads.
We're out of lips.
Kiss your dads.
Audience supported.
