The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, me, and advice show for the modern
era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle brother, Travis McElroy. And I'm your
sweet baby brother, Griffin McGregor. Uh, welcome. We made it. First of all, if you're listening to
this, we made it. I 12 o' one a.m. All my skin fell off. New skin, 2017, new fresh skin. We cannot
begin this episode in earnest without talking about earnest scared new year. Scared new year?
Is that what you said? That's one of the ones that didn't come out, but it was filmed and edited
and just had some posts, some like color correction to do, but they just didn't make it out in the
theaters because there wasn't a marketing budget for it. And also his dick was like all over this
new year. Yeah, we, uh, so we need to talk about, uh, what this year is called. We've had many
different suggestions and we need to settle it before we can begin our episode proper.
Okay. Okay. I have some here that I've jotted down. Um, let me give them to you.
Okay. Uh, I'll just run through them and then we can discuss them all ad nauseum. Um, 20 even teen
restoring balance. 20 given teen. Okay. Well, hold on. Let's talk about, let's talk about the
discreet ways in which the, your suggestions are bad before we move on to like another one.
I can't holistically talk about how they're bad. I need to. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I see. All right.
Yeah. Yeah. Let's tear me down bit by bit. New year, new year. Uh huh. Uh, 20 even teen
is it's was the, I don't think the last year was imbalanced as much as it was just extraordinarily
bad. And I don't even think that suggesting that like if there had been good stuff ticket to like
for each bad for every, you know, famous Harry Potter diehard character actor who passed away.
Hey, if you received a $100 check in the mail, I don't think, I don't think that the balance was
the issue last year. I think it just stunk. That's fair. That's fair. And that was one of
the more esoteric ones. I realized that because restoring balance was that me. I get that. What
about 20 given teen helping when you can? Still doesn't rhyme with seven, does it?
Well, we got to get away from the rhymes with seven because then our options are 20 heaven teen,
which may be it or 20 Kevin teen or 20 Devon teen. Well, this one, this one was, uh,
suggested by a listener named Rachel. And I really liked it. 20 Reven teen. Reven on the end.
Kick it into high gear. Yeah. I feel like we need to get,
last year's was a fucking disaster building bridges. I think it was too esoteric. It was
too abstract. And so people didn't know how the fuck to do it. Even though I thought it was pretty
clear. Just like be cool for once. I thought it was pretty clear, but apparently not. I think
our instructions can't just be like, rev it up. It has to be like, go donate your money and time
to this place. Like go treat your body right with this specific like juice cleanse. What about this
one? And this, if you have problems with rhymes, this might bother you, but 20 sweating teen
getting fit. That's not even a thing. It's close though. Also, I don't have sweat glands in my body
and you know that I have a special spray bottle I carry around a spritz myself with. So thank you,
Travis. Now I'm thinking about my spritz bottle and all the many, many sort of like social snafus
it's gotten me into. Joseph Gordon Levitan celebrating the works of JGL. Yeah, we're getting
closer. That's what I thought. I wanted something that was like, yeah, you could mark that off a
list. You know what I mean? Like I did watch the complete third rock from the sun today and I feel
great. Yeah. Well, Travis, this means that you would have to watch and like Looper and I don't
think that's, yeah. Well, maybe it's time to, you know, give it a second chance and appreciate the
amazing work that JGL does in it, even if I don't like the massive plot holes. Well, I have one to
suggest. How about this? Hey, all right. 20 raven teen. We've all got ravens. Now here's what I said.
Here's the thing about it is by the end of the year, everybody's got a sort of pet raven.
So we're talking about a one to one human raven ratio. Yeah, we got to find a lot of ravens. We
have to bond with them. We have to train them in the ways of old. The bonding has to take place.
But 20 raven teen subtitle, everybody's got ravens. Everybody's got ravens. I like it. I'll tell you
why. They got long, smooth beaks. Now, the problem, Justin, is going to be educating the masses on the
difference between ravens and crows. Yeah. Because I think that that's probably a very common issue
with me and everyone else. Well, it's pretty, actually, it's pretty easy to tell the difference.
If you see a crow, you think there's a black bird. If you see a raven, you think, oh, God,
something's terribly wrong. Oh, if you see a raven, it's like, oh, oh, no. Oh, no. What's happened
here? This is very, very bad. I'll tell you what, this is going to be very confusing for raven Simone,
isn't it? Yeah, a little bit. Because she's going to be very motivating. This is my impression of
her in this year at Trader Joe's. Yeah. What did you? Oh, was it? Okay. Sorry. I thought you were
talking to me. It was the bird again. It's okay. It happens a lot this year. Thanks McElroy brothers.
What if in the process of 20 raven team, we discovered that there is actually one raven for
every human, but you have to find like your one, like maybe your raven lives in like Africa. And
it's like, well, there aren't, I don't know where my raven is. Where's the raven for Travis? The
raven that is meant to be with you will have to find you because it can fly. Oh, right. I mean,
the burden is on the raven for sure to find it's human, but it's not 20 human team. Everyone gets
humans Justin. No, that's not, that's no good. That's no good. What about, what about 20 Bevan
team? I like 20 Bevan team. 20 Bevan team is very good because it can be, it lends itself to a party
atmosphere. You know, of course. Yeah, but there's people out there who don't, who don't like to
enjoy, but there's a flip side. Nobody's drinking enough water. 20 Bevan team. Are you, are you
watching your water intake? Hey, is it time to cut out those sugary sodas? 20 Bevan team is not
about indulgence. It's about analyzation and awareness of your beverage consumption. 2017
Standrated. How about this one? 20 Serpentine. Stay, stay frosty. Like stay on your, kind of stay
on your toes a little bit. Like keep them, it can be a lot of different things, but like keep them
guessing. Like they're going to be, they're going to be looking at where you're going and you've got
to juke that expectation at every point. So it's not, it's not even like, it doesn't even have to
be associated with like a, a particularly, you know, paranoid worldview or whatever. It's just
like, keep them guessing. Keep, keep fucking surprising them. Yeah. Put that, put that into
like a four or five word kind of summary, Griffin. 20 Serpentine. Keep them guessing.
Keep them guessing. I like that. 20, cause this, it could be so many different parts of your life.
First of all, if, if the authority's trying to keep you down, you can keep them guessing like
that, but it can also just be like, if things are feeling a little bit stale and you're in a rut,
it's because you've been zagging for too long. It is time to zig. What about weaving and or bobbing?
I mean, I guess if you're playing paintball, I guess if you're playing paintball, then yes,
it's like a very good year name. Cause you're like, hmm. Sorry, I was just going to suggest a
different one. No, I mean, I feel like I nailed it, but let's see what you've got. We'll come
back around, Griffin. Yeah. What about, I know I've seen like, I, this is going to seem like
I'm in a bit of a rut, but what about 20 Rivendine? Let's all appreciate the excellent sequel to Mist.
Yeah. Now here's the thing about 20 Rivendine. Riven's a great game. Sure. Sure. Everybody
knows that and appreciates it. But did you know, but did you know 1997 was the original release of
Riven? That's right. We would be marking the 20th anniversary of the excellent sequel to Mist, Riven.
Yeah. And that's something we can do. Yeah, we can do that. That's something we can fucking,
nobody can build a bridge, but maybe we can all get on fucking Steam or GOG or some shit and just
download Riven and appreciate it. I love this, Justin, because there is a very quantifiable
success rate here, and that is if by the end of 2017, we effectively get greenlit a sequel to
Riven. If suddenly the sales on Steam- They've made like 50 other Mist games. So many other Mist games have happened.
Yeah, there's a lot of Mist games. But is there a Riven 2 where it's just like R and then
Roman numeral I I V E N? But then somebody sees it and they're like, Riven? Well, yeah, because it's a
combination of Riven and Soul Reaver. I mean, they're back, Rand Miller's back in the mix. He
made a production this year, so he's still in the game. And they did just release a masterpiece
edition of Mist, like real Mist, a few years ago. Riven's on your iPad now, by the way.
Shit, yeah. Just go get it. Just go play Riven. Oh boy, have I got it.
20-sextenteen. Time to bust one.
We don't need more excuse to talk about sexual things on this program. How about 20-sextenteen?
Navigating by the stars. Navigating by the stars while busting one.
No.
No.
No.
20, 20-serv-en-teen.
And this can be like, go serve your community, but also like diss somebody out on the playground
when they got served.
Ooh.
Hmm.
20-serv-en-teen's interesting.
Because it also sounds like you're saying it with some sort of untraceable accent.
20-serv-en-teen.
I kind of like that.
20-serv-en-teen, let's all talk with accents.
I love this, Griffin.
Right?
20-serv-en-teen, yo.
I love 20-serv-en-teen.
I love this, Griffin, because we've never before had a year where you can pick and choose
whether you want it to be a helping others or insulting others year.
Yeah, you're either serving people or serving people.
Okay, but I don't want that level of, I don't want it to be binary like that.
You introduced it, though, Griffin.
You can't put that tiger back in the cage.
As a joke, because I thought we had nailed it with 20-serv-en-teen, and so I thought
all these other ones were just gonna be goofy-goofy-mops.
Hmm.
Here's the-
I mean, we're just brainstorming right now.
This is just spitballing.
I don't care if it takes a full hour.
I'll do this for an entire hour.
Yeah, fuck it.
I don't give a shit.
Hey, listen to this.
Let me hit you guys with this.
Like, 20-serv-en-teen, Travis, can you make a Google Doc?
Can you just open a Google Doc, Travis?
Sure.
Sure.
I'll just make a Google Doc, Justin.
Okay, so I should do it?
Yeah.
Is that what you're telling me?
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
Let me just call, let me just call Sergey and have him launch a Google Doc for us, I
guess.
Okay, so I'm opening up a Google Doc.
Hmm.
And put at the top in bold, 20-serv-en-teen, keep them guessing.
I have another one that I came up with, we put out a tweet too, but I came up with one
out of my brain.
Is it in the Google document?
Because if not, it will not be officially considered for consideration.
I'm going to type it in as I say it.
Well, that doesn't sound like an audio product that we can all believe in.
It's 20-slev-en-teen.
I thought Lucky Number Slevin was an okay movie.
It was a good flick.
It was a good flick.
Josh Hartnett did a good job in that flick, and you know who else did?
Yeah.
Bruno.
Hello.
Just subtitle, it was a good flick.
It was a good flick.
It was a good flick.
A bit confusing there at the end, and I thought Lucy Lou was a little bit underutilized, but
Lucky Number Slevin, also maybe a bad name for a picture.
Yeah.
And via the transitive property, a bad name for a year.
Or is it such a bad name for a movie that it's a great name for a year?
Oops.
Now, I want to throw something out there and just let me know if this is grabbing you guys
at all.
It's about 20-elven-teen.
So that's about just embracing nature, living forever, and sweet bow tricks.
So those are the three things, is embrace nature, live forever, sweet bow tricks.
Oh, hold on.
Wait.
What was that middle one?
Live forever.
Wait.
Hold on.
Do elves live forever?
Fuck yeah, dude.
They're not real, Travis.
They live as long as I fucking say they do.
Like, I can get a good looking windswept blonde braided hair and clothes made out of leaves
and shooting a bow extremely good and never dead.
Ooh.
Never die.
That's the life.
I like this one.
That's the life for me.
I like this one.
We put out the tweet.
So Amy suggested, and I like this, 27 clean, cleanse us, wash away the trash here.
But that can be any, that could be like 25th clean, 29th clean.
Yeah, fair.
That's fair.
But I like it.
I do like it.
Um, here's, somebody named Tab1Lamo on Twitter just said, dust off them old boots.
Which, let's, don't fucking, don't fucking laugh at our fucking listeners.
Dust off them old boots.
It's not, what year is it?
Dust off them, it's, it's January 2nd.
Dust off them old boots.
I'm not, like, I cannot consider 27 clean.
I'm sorry, Travis.
I'm removing it for consideration because it does not play on seven.
You can't just leave seven in there.
Okay.
How about Kelsey said, 20 never teen, no teens allowed.
I am, they get everything else, so.
Yeah.
I do like 20 never teen, no teens allowed.
I do think, because I think that's fun because I feel like we've bent over backwards in our
six years to try to bring the teens in.
And I think it's fun to finally turn our backs on them.
You can attract teens to your comedy podcast in one hand, and you can shit in the other,
and at the end of the day, not many teens are gonna, you will not get that demographic,
unfortunately.
How do you, how do you guys feel about 2011 teen, the year of baking?
Because I, my, here's my fear.
Here's pluses and minuses.
One, I got a bread machine for Christmas.
Hello.
That, that's a plus.
Okay, that's huge.
I've already made a crunchy loaf, okay.
I made a good loaf, and you know what, this afternoon, I've got a big block of my Google
Cal, my Gcal, and it just says cinnamon raisin bread, because that's how it's gonna go.
Did Sergei set that up for you, or?
Yeah, Sergei set that up for me.
Now here's the flip on this one, is I feel like Great British Bake Off pretty much kicked
off like the biggest baking year ever, like probably 2015, is when that hit in a major
way.
I feel like I missed the zeitgeist in a major way.
I feel like I missed the zeitgeist on that one, so I'm, maybe 2011 teen, the year of
baking is like not great.
Aaron Keyes suggested 20 Estefan teen, Rhythm is Gonna Get You, which I, I like this, this
could just be like, listen to more, listen to more music, especially this specific, very
specific music, listen to it, please.
Without any clarification, Zach suggested 20 Schlepping teen, which I like, because
like, does that mean like, we're moving this year, or is it just like, get out there, walk
around, I'll move this from place to place all year long.
Aitsgray suggested 2016 too, which I'm not very happy about, I'm not excited about that
as an opportunity.
Jared suggested 20 Kevin clean, so this is the year where we get all our Kevins, our
Kevin hearts, our Kevin Arnold's fictional man, and we get them together and we just
scrub them all down.
Becky suggested 20 Jepsen teen.
That's, that's every year for me, thank you.
Also, I very much doubt that she's gonna put anything out this year.
I would be overjoyed if she did, but I'm just saying between emotion and then the b-sides,
it is unlikely.
20 Shaven teen?
Like get rid of the beards?
That's from you?
No.
No, Travis needs that beard.
That's my brand.
Well, I think that's all the suggestions we got, so this was not as rich and deep a vein
as we thought it was going to be.
20 17 Magazine?
That's from Trey Smith.
Okay.
I feel like...
Somebody said 27 B's.
Well, so...
Fine.
Like there's...
That's from a radiated snake on 27 B's.
I feel like some people aren't taking the exercise very seriously and some of those
people are on our podcast.
Oh, I like it.
I don't know.
Okay, so let's look at what we have on the official list right now.
We have, and we may be able to eliminate some of these as we go, 20 servant teen, serve
your community or serve your community, Joseph Gordon Levitt teen, I feel like it's not going
to fly.
Well...
Are we agreed on...
All right.
Yes, I will sacrifice George, but everyone can celebrate it in their own way.
It's just not the official year.
I understand that.
Do we need to settle on one?
Can we just let people sort of embrace whichever sort of...
I feel like this is something that people really rely on.
You're right.
You're right.
To help set a path for them.
And that's why it's so important to have something that is...
The problem with, okay, let's review, just do a quick recap to bring us up to speed here.
The first was Zolo, right?
Yes.
Zolo was 2010.
Zolo was 2010 and that was other people called it Zolo first.
That was not in any way ours.
And I guess that just meant like Yolo, like go do the damn thing.
Now in 20...
Did we have a 2011?
I thought we called it Zol, but I don't remember having like a specific...
I remember calling it Zol at least once, but I don't think...
I don't remember if we had...
I don't remember.
Now I do remember...
Now 2012.
Get it.
Right?
Get it.
That was...
Was that get it?
Doing it in 20 does.
20 does.
That's right.
We do it.
We do it.
Then it was 20 dirt, dig it up, get it out there.
I feel like we didn't 20 dirt it very well, but that was what it is.
That was what it was about.
That was what it was about.
2014...
Was 2014.
No, it couldn't have possibly been...
We couldn't have done that if not for 2013.
2014 was 20 forward.
Right.
That was just about...
All about momentum.
Momentum.
Keeping up.
That was the theme.
That was the theme.
2015 was probably the best.
If I could say...
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was the best.
2015 was just about grifs.
2015, 2015 the con is on.
Right.
And what I loved about that year was it definitely was going to happen.
So it did provide a little...
It lets you get your own grifs and then acknowledge other grifs that were happening all around
you.
Yes.
And I remember I married an old person and I got all their rubies and emeralds.
So it was a very successful year for me.
Yeah.
20 grif team was great.
2016 is where things start to go awry, I think.
It was well intentioned building bridges, but the problem was nobody did the dag gun
thing.
You know the problem with 2016 building bridges is that before grifs, momentum, getting it,
digging it up, digging the dirt out, those are all individual activities.
Right.
Which I think you can do on your own as like a guiding principle for yourself.
2016 was like look around, like you have to have another willing participant to build
a bridge.
Yeah.
You need to build a bridge from both sides.
You know what I mean?
Here's-
Yeah.
I don't know if that's how bridges work.
I think it is.
I think they start in the middle actually and then they go out to the side.
So here's all I'm saying because we're also getting a lot of suggestions from people who
are like the apocalypse and it's like no we don't, no come on.
You know we don't fuck with that.
You know us better than that.
And we know you better than that.
And that's a narrative construct guys.
Stop thinking of things in storybook terms, okay?
Live in the real world here with us where we're all just like trying to get fucking
through it.
We're all just trying to get through it.
Okay.
And so I don't think there's anything wrong with having a little bit of that, well
last year didn't work out so great so let's just be a little bit on the fucking balls
of our feet, on our fucking toes, ready to just oop, ah, oop, tried to get me didn't
you?
Tried to fuck me again didn't you?
Well 2016 taught me a valuable lesson about getting fucked and oop, oop, you missed me
a little bit.
That's why serpentine pattern baby.
Keep them guessing.
Okay I'm going to, I want to say I'm on board with 2017.
One, I think it is the most clever wordplay we've done so far.
And two, I like the idea of encouraging dodging rather than like you know like digging in
for a fight.
It's like it's, if I might reference the Kingkiller Chronicles, it's you know it's
the leaf on the wind.
What's it?
That's Firefly.
You're doing a bunch of nerdy stuff right now and I'm into all of it but.
But it's that idea of rather than like standing your ground just like be the willow, you know
what I mean?
Yes.
Like flow with the wind and like just avoid the, it's that Neo shit.
It could reference another nerdy property.
Just do like, do the Matrix.
Watch all the Matrix movies.
It's that idea of like rather than having to fight you just don't have to, you don't
have to dodge bullets.
But it's not just that.
It's not just about the fight.
It's about trying new things because maybe you'll be into it.
Keep them guessing.
Like yesterday I watched all of an anime in one day.
That ain't me but everybody's talking about this, this Yuri on Ice, ice skating anime
and I was like I'm gonna watch this whole thing even though it's not my thing.
And now it is my thing.
I incorporated a new thing.
Keep them guessing.
Go left when they think you're gonna go right because they try, they're gonna try to fuck
you again.
They are.
I promise.
I don't want to.
You tried to meet them halfway last year.
No.
That's the thing.
You tried to meet them halfway last year and this year they're gonna expect that again
and they ain't gonna get it.
Just watch an, watch an anime.
Kiss it, kiss somebody under a bridge.
That's not you but do it.
I'm gonna take horseback riding lessons this year.
Travis is gonna ride a fucking horse.
What the fuck?
I'm gonna take Taekwondo, there's a Taekwondo class place near my dojo.
I don't know.
I'm not in it yet.
Yeah.
But there's a, there's a place near my house that does Taekwondo classes and I think you
get two geese for like 30 bones is a pretty good deal.
I think I'm just gonna do that.
Nobody would expect that.
Keep on guessing.
I'm gonna do Taekwondo to a horse.
I'm gonna invite a horse to the, to my dojo and then I'm gonna spar with him in the Taekwondo
tradition.
Keep on guessing.
I'm always gonna see that.
What the fuck is a horse doing in here?
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
I zigged when you thought I was gonna zag, didn't I?
Taekwondo!
And that's the noise I make when I do my kicks, my Taekwondo kicks.
I love, okay, I'm totally into this.
I feel like after 2016, this is the year we need.
Yeah.
20 Serpentine is the year that we, and, and it's, 20 Serpentine, keep on guessing.
I'm not saying, I'm not, I don't want to embrace a policy of distrusting everyone.
I'm just saying, keep on guessing.
Make yourself untrusted.
No, look, here's what I like, here's what I like about this though.
Maybe the guessing, it could also be like, you've always argued with your aunt about
politics and at like, you know, the next big gig together, your aunt brings up politics
and you just say, oh, it's a very interesting point, I'll have to consider that.
And your aunt's like, uh, uh, uh, my whole thing.
I thought we were going to argue about this for two hours.
Uh, I didn't prepare anything else.
Now we have to just like talk like humans.
Boom.
And then.
Keep on guessing.
And then you do Taekwondo to your uncle right, right there in the room.
What are you doing, Jeremy?
Jeremy stop that zigzag, you eat a bunch of peanuts, but they thought you were allergic
to peanuts.
Boom.
Keep them guessing.
That's right.
I am.
This is the year I get over it.
Hospital.
Zigzag.
Keep them guessing.
I like this.
20 Serpentine.
Keep them guessing.
Delete the rest of the list.
Erase it.
I feel like we all keep coming back to 20 Riven team.
Let's appreciate Riven.
And that, it is such a good game.
And I, Justin, if I may, I think that what we should do is we have 20 Serpentine as the
official year, but Joseph Gordon Levantine and 20 Riven team as the unofficial like media
representation years.
So it's like a play Riven while you watch third rock from the sun and keep them guessing.
Um, I guess, uh, you can still participate in 20 Riven team.
Okay.
Okay.
Now Griffin, I think in an effort to keep us guessing, just dropped a giant picture
of Colin Mochrie into this G doc.
Yeah.
Zigzag, baby.
Y'all just got zagged on.
Hey, are you guys hungry?
Here's a zag nut bar.
Didn't see that Colin Mochrie coming, did you?
I guess Colin Mochrie is a good, the other thing I like about that and our years so frequently
lack this is iconography.
Just having Colin Mochrie is like a visual representation of keeping people guessing
because I did not expect him to pop up, but when he did, I was very, very pleased.
Okay.
Now Colin Mochrie, a different picture of Colin Mochrie has now been inserted into the
name of play Serpentine.
I accidentally spliced the name, uh, so it says 20 Serpentine.
Keep them guessing.
Colin Mochrie.
In.
All right.
This is good.
Just tweet this exact screen cap right now and just tell people it's over.
Yes.
Yeah.
All right.
This is how we announce it.
All right.
Well, wait, no, this will spoil the whole episode.
I feel like, or at least the first half of it.
Okay.
Well, that's fair.
Sit on it.
So it's a screen gap.
Crap it.
Crap it.
But let's hold onto it.
Let's go to the money zone.
We got our year.
We got our year folks, but let's get into the hard.
It's important.
Yeah, it's really important.
It's basically one big piece of advice for the next 52 episodes.
So, um, let's, let's do our damn thing.
Oh, that's a picture of Colin Mochrie as a baby.
Travis, you zagged on me, dog.
All right.
That's baby New Year.
That's going to be the baby New Year for this year.
Oh, yeah.
Colin Mochrie is the baby New Year of this year.
To the money zone.
Let's go
Hey, you're hungry
As it wasn't it wasn't rhetorical Griffin, okay, then no I just ate a big bowl of checks. Oh
Well, could you foresee yourself getting hungry by this evening?
No, do you know how like right after you eat a big bowl of checks you just have like a sour tummy? I don't know
Why I keep eating these fucking things. I know I don't know
I fucking keep eating it's cinnamon checks, and I see it on the shelf, and I think mmm
It's gonna be a good a little autumnal treat with rich cinnamon flavors
I eat it and I get the sourest tummy every time well this week. We're sponsored by checks
Oh shit. Yeah
Hey, you guys remember checks quest
Yeah, sweet Travis tell me all about blue apron, please okay. I'd like to so blue apron is a service where they ship
Straight to your door all the ingredients and instructions you need to make an amazing and very impressive and
delicious meal
It's all gonna be right there for you. You don't have to go out to the store
You don't have to worry about what you have in your cabinet, and it's less than ten dollars per person per meal
and let me tell you we have been subscribers to blue apron for years and years now and
We not only rely on it. We look forward to it every week
We get these amazing meals that we would never think to make for ourselves, but then boom here's a new flavor
You haven't tried before boom. Here's a new dish to impress
You know your friends and loved ones or whatever and there's a lot of food you guys like the number of left at times
That we've left you know had leftovers for the next day it makes meals and meals and meals
And we love it very much, and it's flexible you can customize your recipes
Based on you know your food preferences
And it's also flexible as far as the schedule if you're gonna be out of town for two weeks
You just go in and say hey skip these two weeks
Or if you only want like one box per month go for it
I can't stress how great that flexibility is we basically
Turned it off for like three or four weeks because we have a newborn and didn't think I was guy
We didn't think we were gonna be cooking very much and our friends were gonna bring us a bunch of meals
And now that we're getting back into it
There's certain things that Rachel can't eat because Henry has a dairy allergy
And so we pop in and like within seconds. We had selected a menu that was dairy free
So like it I adore that part of blue apron. I adore all the parts of blue apron
It's delicious food
Better cook yes, I'll make you a better cook
You'll be one and you can check out this week's menu and get your first three meals free with free shipping
By going to blue apron comm slash my brother
So go to blue apron comm slash my brother check out this week's menu and get your first three meals free with free shipping
It's amazing go check it out blue apron a better way to cook now as we all know it is 20 shave and teen and no
as such
I'm just kidding I zagged on you
As me again. I want to tell you about
Harry's Harry's is your premier razor blade supplier
For your face or your legs or whatever other places you want to get shaved off
they are
They are really affordable razor blades. They cut out the the middleman of the you know the
Walgreens Walgreens wants to take the money out of your pockets big CVS wants to rob you blind
You go to Harry's you're gonna get good good good razors. You're gonna get
Ergonomic weighted handles, it's gonna feel good. This is how Tori Hanzo steel in your hand
You're gonna find precision engineered blades with a lubricating strip and trimmer blade
You're gonna get rich lathering shave gel you need a travel blade cover you can get all this good stuff at Harry's
And you are gonna be so satisfied
With these blades in fact Harry's is so confident in the quality of their blades
They want you to try their shave set for free you heard that right just cover shipping when you sign up plus as a special
Offer to fans of the show if you go to Harry's comm right now and enter my brother all one word at checkout
You will get a post shave balm also for free. It's harry's comm code my brother
I have some delightful personal messages here
The first is for Jason Montgomery, and it's from Bronwyn Montgomery
And it says this happy 30th birthday to the winner of Australia's next top model team Vladimir Putin look like edition
Probably a burn yeah
Nuclear burn from space holy shit
You're the most amazing big brother who always looks out for me you gave me the gift of the bim bam
And I've never laughed so hard so the
Mom momentary attention of the McElroy's is my gift to you heaps of love from your sweet
baby leftovers brawny
Happy birthday, Jason. Now the way we sold these. That's a big 30th. The way we sold these in bulk
There's literally no way of knowing where we are in relation to his birthday
It's impossible to tell but hey happy birthday whenever it is J-Dog
I'm also boys have you been watching a ntm cycle 2.3. I think boys not in the house boys gone boys banished from house
I have not I'm not interested without tie-tie, baby. Not and not interested at all
It's pretty fucking fresh how how present is Tyra?
She's in the first episode and she bounces on him pretty fucking hard, but then Rita Ora shows up along with a
Man named law roach, and he's like he just he is just
Unreserved with his criticism, but everybody's doing their absolute best there are no boys in the house
It is missing a certain heat. I heard that they're there in the judgment room
It's all glass windows, and there's just boys with their faces pressed up against it
Like a like an impoverished child staring in a bakery window. Oh wait what crumbs is that accurate more or less?
Yes, they all want to get a sniff of this fashion
But they can't because boys have been banished from the house except for law roach law roach is the only boy in the house
Griffin do you anticipate like a midseason twist where somebody finally checks like the crawlspace of the house and they've had a bad boy
infestation oh you have boys in the house just eating eating the supporting beams of the house and the house falls down should have
Had boys in the house mm-hmm well
That's the thing is you got it you can't leave your like cardboard stacked up
Or if you have like a moist environment in your basement you have to be careful
Or you'll end up with boys in the house right I do want to point out law roach because I did just Google law roach
His Instagram bio lists him as an image architect
and that is also how he's credited in the show and I would love law roach to just get inside my image and just
do a quick demo and
Replace it with like some vaulted ceilings and maybe you know just like cooler
Jackets like cool jackets that I can wear hit me up law roach
Boys boys in the house boys in the house Trav or griff do you wanna read this?
I'll read it in this one is for David and it's from why Lynn who says
Hey there city mouse now that you've hopped on to them a boom-bam wagon
I can ask our favorite brothers to say things that I'm too emotionally constipated to say in person
Although you may not be able to see it yourself sometimes
I think you're just great and deserve every success that comes your way slay that dissertation. Love you hashtag
No hetero thought I was reading that right, and I did read it right
Get that dissertation, what is it one of these days boys?
I'm gonna Google what a dissertation is and then whenever like like fancy
You know how some people go to college a few times and for like I don't know why they do it
But then they have to do these things called dissertations every time they say oh, I'm doing my dissertation
I was just kind of like nod my head. Yes. Yes. Is that like a big book report?
It seems like a big book report
Very big book report, huh? Yeah, it sounds hard. How many pages 20 pages Wow
The great questions of your life great questions of your life
Should you put ketchup on a hot dog with ketchup on a hot dog toilet paper over or under toilet paper?
Star Wars Star Wars Star Trek or Star Trek. You're not my friends
You're not Mark and how always reach the definitive answer simply listen to we got this with Mark and how
Every Tuesday at 9 p.m. Pacific on maximum fun fun. We got this your better self is right around the corner
namaste
Hey, let's do some advice, please
yeah, I feel like we've
Just
Flaked on our number one obligation to people well that first question hit that first question J man
Okay. All right
Let's see our first question
I
Knew there was something cuz you were
Slow I knew there was something who saw this coming. I'll give you guys one more shot
Squad
Squad
New year, I think I'm gonna try out some new podcasts. Here's one that's lucid as an advice podcast. That might be fun
Hey, hey Deborah. These boys aren't doing any advice at all. This is a weird podcast
Wendy's new spice of sriracha chicken sandwich takes sriracha to a whole new level this fucking thing, huh?
No, I'm just like all I know about this is these dumbass commercials where it's like sriracha, how do you even say it? It's sriracha
It's been around for a hundred years. What the fuck are you talking about? People started putting this on everything in like
1991 sriracha
So this one is a very special twofer and here's why it's so special in an in an attempt to build
excitement about the spicy sriracha chicken sandwich
Wendy's released put out to press release
It's like Pokemon like Pokemon Sun and Moon one's got different words in it collect them all
This is the first calling all sriracha lovers when he's gone all in sriracha on the debut of its new spicy
Sriracha on the light on the what if it's what on the debut of its spicy sriracha chicken sandwich available for I know I said
It with a T earlier get this is how this person would say it this character
Available for a limited time the entire sandwich included the bun the cheese and of course the sauce is infused with sriracha
Satisfying even the most die-hard fans of the flavorful red sauce in a way that only Wendy's can what starting with?
Let me finish starting with the toasty sriracha infused bun a dollop of sriracha
They only custom sriracha jack cheese and then sriracha sriracha sriracha sriracha sriracha sriracha sriracha sriracha sriracha sriracha
sriracha sriracha sriracha sriracha sriracha sriracha sriracha and there's like
That's the end of the fucking press release. You said it enough that it started to sound like Rochester
so
then
Sorry, was that a goof that it spiraled into madness or that was you know, that's literally what it says
Okay, that was a 730 December 5th 9 a.m. December 5th 90 minutes later
The fucking that the veil of that hilarious bit
Is pulled away. Oh, I need I love it when they have to explain the joke of it
Earlier today as we were overcome with excitement about our new
spicy sriracha chicken sandwich and bacon sriracha fries
Wendy's got carried away and issued an alert that looked more like the obsessed ramblings of a sriracha fanatic
Anyone with similar love for sriracha can understand. It's just that good
We've since pulled ourselves together and have provided all the details about our newest creation below
Thanks for understanding because there's nothing
funnier
Than doing a bit and then 90 minutes later
explaining what the bit was right so like now this this was so confusing because I was on as
The weekend editor at snack attack sack
Gov when this press for this first press release came out. It was like
Jerry I don't know should I write it up as is because there's lots of key details missing
I think it might be a joke, but I think somebody there might have some serious problems
And then luckily I didn't publish it and then that second one came through and it was like whoof
Thank God, but it was really unprofessional like they've lost the plot of her at Wendy's. I mean now
Justin I would like to offer a different explanation
Okay
picture someone much like yourself working at Wendy's and your job is the social media outreach and then you get handed this press release that
No joke has sriracha like just as a descriptor
67 times. Yeah, and this is the last straw for you and you just you just fucking lose it
This is the Wendy's version of all work and play me out a doll boy, okay
That's very that's very possible and they were trying to run interference. Uh-huh. There's a funny joke
Uh-huh, so don't take it from me
Let's check in with Munch Squad patron saint Carl Laredo
Vice president of marketing and advertising at Wendy's
What's he named as a baby like this guy's gonna run a fucking dirty ass fast-food company someday
We got a column Carl Laredo like there's no way around it this I believe is Carl Laredo second appearance on the squad
Mm-hmm. Don't correct me if I'm wrong sriracha lovers having a rational love for this sauce
So we knew we had to find a way to properly honor that devotion with the spicy sriracha chicken sandwich
Says Carl Laredo vice president of marketing and advertising Wendy's we did more than just spread or drizzle sriracha on a chicken sandwich
Went all in and infused sriracha in the entire sandwich
Delivering the maximum amount of flavor from the first bite until the last now. Here's what's enjoyable to me
about the spicy sriracha chicken sandwich
There's sriracha in the aioli. There's sriracha in the bun. There's sriracha in the cheese. There's sriracha in the chicken now the one thing
Sidebar if I could with you the one thing they left some out put on it. Yeah leave one
There's one element that you missed. I think it it wasn't that that good old-fashioned applewood smoked bacon
Cuz that's in that's that's in it. Yeah
The one thing about it is the sriracha fucking sriracha. Is that right?
What is this stinky ketchup
It's fun rooster sauce. What is this rooster sauce? It doesn't smell shit
It's got lumps in it unlike smooth. Ketchup
sriracha
idiots
People love this stuff. Should we put it on a sandwich? No, no, we should put it around a sandwich
We should put it sandwich adjacent. We should put it inside the concept of a sandwich
Let's let's harness the power of sriracha but not include any of it
We will tease a sandwich with sriracha
We will tell a sandwich the stories of sriracha
The tales of its adventures and hope that its legacy is somehow passed through the sandwich
We will not apply the sauce. Can we talk about a sriracha bun cuz god forbid what if you get in a car accident and
The chicken and the bacon and the aioli go flying out the window, but the only thing you're left with is hot bread
How's your hot bread?
Hey, this bread's hot. It sucks. I know it's spicy bread. I'm sorry. I got in a car accident. I lost the chicken
I'm upset with this whole thing because it feels like Wendy's is trying to dunk on sriracha lovers and say
How about this? Is this enough?
Do you like that take that like they're trying to burn out your enjoyment of sriracha by giving you so much of it
That you don't want it anymore
But also none of it and also none of it
This is not a thing you do with anyone else like they're not like oh what you like tomatoes
The buns got tomatoes in it. The meats got tomatoes in it. The lettuce has tomatoes in it. Go fuck yourself
it really is by not including sriracha, but also like
absolutely
conceptually destroying sriracha
It's like the in it should be called like sriracha is over this. Yeah, it's done
We're like taking the concept of it and not applying any of it
Do you think that they had a point where they're like, well, we gotta put sriracha on the fucking thing
and then someone's like you do realize that's actually a
Condiment with flavor and I don't think our process can be trusted in applying unless it's like
single serve packets
That are being distributed like this
I don't trust our people to directly apply actual flavorful common too many pranks too many pranks can be made with a sriracha packet
No, thanks
Somewhere there is a there's a Venn diagram that perfectly captures someone who really loves the idea of sriracha
But you're not actual sriracha who's going to just love this
Who's gonna be so excited that they get all of the flavor without having to deal with actual sriracha?
I don't want to meet that person, but I guarantee they exist
Hey, can we please do this first advice question?
Because if we don't do any advice this episode we're gonna lose our license, but not only that
This first question on this list that Travis has put together that Travis worked so hard to put together for us is such a banger
And we would be remiss if we let it fall through the wayside Travis just recite. We'll ask these questions next week
There I do want to say this is a perfect 20 serpentine question for my brother my brother. Yes
Okay, this is our this is our first and only question of this episode the first of 20 serpentine
One of my friends is a contact juggler. He hasn't performed for money in years. That's not an option. I don't think that's an option
$20 please
I only do it for the art now. I don't perform for money anymore. That'll be five bucks
One of my friends is a contact juggler
He hasn't performed for money in years, but recently the company that makes fushigi balls reached out to him apparently
They're planning on relaunching fushigi
And they want this is just that was the best news I could for my brother my brother made that is pretty much the best
Like and I did not expect it
But big ups, I didn't see that coming
They want him to be in their commercials again. Yeah, this
Man is the face by which I mean the weirdly moving hands of fushigi
Problem is the last time he performed in a fushigi commercial. He got called a sellout by all the other contact jugglers
How can I convince him to ignore the haters and get that paper
All
20 of them
That's from fushigi enthusiasts from Boca Raton, Florida
You're out of the gang damn
so
There are certain
There are certain careers
Where the window of success it's so limited right like you two were theater majors
you remember that feeling when you saw somebody go off and then they made it on a fucking episode of psych and you're like
Damn it Jeremy and you got so angry and jealous because there's only like two paying roles on psych that you can sort of slot into
If you wanted to eat what Justin I work in the games industry
There's not many paying gigs in the games industry. And so there's there's a lot of beef that arises there
I am going to make an estimation here that the number of paid
positions for fushigiists is
Is one and it is the one who is in the commercial for fushigi
I don't think anybody picks up fushigi thinking like I'm gonna make money. This is my dream now
I'm gonna make money doing this someday. Well
Griffin do you think that the same person who's the face of the commercials is also like goes to the trade shows
Goes to like, you know the contact juggling like conferences and like demonstrates the new line
or do you think that they have like a team of people that they have like
You know different people that they send to like the Southwest fushigi conference and like the northeastern fushigi conference
the Japan fushigi conference
Fucking shit. Oh, I
Just had the first
Great idea of 20 serpentine. Okay, you better zag on us
Yeah, I'm about to zag on you guys and and please seriously. I'm very serious about it
So please brothers let me know if you're okay with this. I
would like
this year for us to become
Patrons of fushigi now. Here's what I'm suggesting. Oh boy. Oh boy. We we take when when we get paid in January
We will take the first $500 that we make this month and we will set it aside
for
Fushigi patronage and here is what I'm suggesting to you. Uh-huh. What I'm suggesting to you is
People will make fushigi art. Yeah, I did it to us
We will assign a dollar value on the quality of the fushigi performance and please actually
Do some sick fushigi shit because if it's if there's nothing there will you will get nothing
But you will make actual fushigi art and if it is special
We will PayPal you from the fushigi budget that we have set aside
For 2017 which is in total
$500. Yes, we are fushigi patrons
Patrons of fushigi and
If you do some sick-ass fushigi art, yeah, you will and and you can either let's see
Probably the best thing is to put it on our Facebook page or tweet at us with hashtag fushigi art
Yeah, that's probably the best
And then we will award this grant. We probably won't do a lump sum
We'll probably try to space out a little and also will not be very much money because I really I it won't make sense if
We give like 200 bucks to somebody who makes something totally baller. I want to get this shit popping off across the world
I want recognition from the fushigi company. I do want to be taken to the fushigi nationals in Japan
And yes, we cannot stress enough once that 500 is gone. It's gone
It's gone. Don't send us this in like December of 2017
Don't get all pissy at us if you work hard on our routine and we decided it is not it is not worthy of our
I feel like if you have a contact juggling routine
Made for us specifically you will probably get some
I'm gonna kick you a little bit but like
Yeah, if you have a sick-ass routine
That's just for us and it has to be clear like in the video
Like I don't know if you have to say something about our show or some sort of you know, it has to be clear
It's made boutique content for the my brother my brother me fishy patrons of fushigi
Now I will say if you want to score bonus points with me
Some kind of like cool runnings ask backstory as to why your contact juggling story
Is like you had to overcome some kind of contact juggling
like issue or sell like your friends always told you you could never be a contact juggler because
That's gonna score extra points with me
What I like is if at the end of your routine you destroy your fushigi balls. Oh, yes
Just so I know that you did this thing for us and then you have walked away from the craft
In fact, if you want to add a little clip at the beginning just a short blip of you buying the fushigi ball
Then do the trick and then destroy it. So we know that it was like bespoke just for this
Yeah, that's probably gonna get a couple a couple checkmarks
Um, so please create fushigi art for us
we're gonna just gonna get some fushigi art into the world five hundred dollars is a
Ton of dough though. We should boy. I wish you'd set a lower number to start with
Walked it up a little bit, but that's an annual budget. I mean that has to last us all year, right?
Does this count as a charitable donation? Yeah, can I can we can we write this off?
Now I know there might be some of you who have who donate to the maximum fun Network
So some portion of your donation will go to fushigi art
I don't know how you feel about that. But if you feel bad about it, I don't know what fucking podcast you've been listening to
I don't know what you think we're good with we're good with bucks
we're good with your dollar bills if the idea of a few cents of your donation going to fushigi art doesn't fill you with
Excitement and delight then I'm not sure that you're a great fit for our business. Okay, this isn't this is a pretty enormous zag
Do we still fucking hate jugglers?
No
No, we've been very clear about this contact jugglers are okay. We've always been clear about this. Okay, the fish the fushigi arts are fine
Then that's why we're not
More is the contact juggling fushigi arts are like that's something we want to try to get out more
There's hundreds of videos of juggling. I want contact juggling fushigi art art
Please yeah, you don't mind. Oh, oh, oh, if it could be set to music
A silent contact juggling routine with the fuck you talking about the problem is that you're gonna get that copyright infringement
You got it. It's got to be copyright free. You gotta get some some
Farmer that's out in there. Yeah. Happy birthday fushigi
I do like Justin that you keep referring it to as fushigi art
Because I like that because it implies don't just like film yourself in silence doing a single trick
You know what? I mean? Like I want some kind of artistry to it
You know a little story maybe or maybe it's an allegory of fushigi allegory for something
I don't want to put too many
Restrictions on people because I think that they're gonna do a lot better with this than we will
The one sort of cholera will add on this is we will make the amount that we award you
Extremely public so like do be aware of that going in that that will be made extremely public
That that the amount that you will be gifted from the fushigi arts patronage
And you know, this is successful. Who knows 20
2018 maybe it's
$515, you know, it could go the sky's the limit. We'll have to check with our accountants. Oh
No, they can't ever know. Please don't tell our accountants, please. Please don't tell Barry
Please don't tell Barry Barry's so mad at us all the time for the bad decisions. We made now Justin
What's this receipt for $500? You've submitted here on a piece of paper. You've just written for fushigi arts
Right. It's a gift of the arts
It's an artistic gift
You put you plebeian
Yeah, I'm gonna need to I just need that to be and probably put like
Fushigi art in the title of the YouTube video or like hashtag fushigi art just to make it like really easy
I want to just be able to like look at all these and review all of them and enjoy them
Yeah, sure in my own time. Let's wrap up because I don't think I can hear that. You say the words fushigi art anymore today
Okay
Well that folks that's gonna do it for us. Thank you so much for
fucking tolerating us seriously through all of 2016 and all of 2017 and all the years to come
We will always be here for you and you have always been so good as to be here for us
So thank you for that. Let's get this thing off to a fun good start and
Just a lot of fushigi art I
Want to thank John Roderick in the long winters fused our theme song into departure off the album putting the days to bed
It's a super great album that I think you are gonna like just a lot. I
Want to thank maximum fun for having us, you know maximum fun org and check out all the podcasts on there including
Rose buddies the podcast that Rachel and I do about the Bachelor
We just joined the network today
And we're very very very excited to be on the network where we love doing the show
We've been going for a year and a new season the bachelor starting tonight
And so if you wanted if you want to dive into this fucking Scrooge McDuck trash pile with us
Um, then then you can and listen to the podcast and it's a lot of fun. I think you'll like it
I would like to fully endorse it. It is my favorite podcast in existence. No joke. You're gonna love it. I
also want to say a
Thank you. One last
MBM be am angels update. Oh, yeah, it was our most and I want to say our it was your most successful year ever
absolutely just destroyed it and
Raised as of December 17th. So I imagine it's even increased since then the last update we got was the 17th
$7,000 for it, which is just it warms my heart
and so we just wanted to say thank you for being so amazing and
helping a lot of people have a really great holiday and you guys should be very proud of yourselves and
We are proud of you and we appreciate you immensely speaking of gratitude
I want to thank people for a few gifts that have come to our p.o box or my p.o box specifically
P.o box 54 honey's West Virginia 2,000 no six. I want to thank Ed for the dye in your sleep coasters
They're just gorgeous Benson. This is record bowl of plums. That's delightful. Paula made bracelets for our wives
So thank you so much for that. Cool Craig sent his book. What do I want to be over to us Thomas sent some lovely portraits
ginger sent us stockings and
our ginger sent a
Candlelight stocking. It's just lovely and Matt sent some shirts. So thank you so much to everybody who did that
You're much beloved. We have received a lot of stuff to our p.o box as well
I don't have the list in front of me
But Teresa has been working with me to keep track of it and we will post thank yous
In the Facebook group and on the schmaner's group and but I will say a lot of really wonderful
Baby stuff, which is amazing just knowing
Um, you know the amount of support and the amount of love people have shown to our family is incredible
I will also say we have received a lot of really wonderful emails and letters
Talking about how much the show has meant to people and what an impact it has had on their lives
And I just want to say we read all of those and we appreciate it
And I will say your letters have an impact on us and knowing that the show means so much to people out
There really means a lot to us. And so, you know, thank you
Um, we may not be able to respond to all of them
But we read every single email every single letter every single postcard and we appreciate it so much
And we're so glad that you guys like the show
Y'all what that final yahoo? Oh, we read yahoo answers on this show. Sometimes it's a fun thing
This one was sent in by Lydia Loverin, thank you Lydia. It's by yahoo answers user
User who's this user? I think they might be anonymous
This anonymous user who I'm gonna call
Pelvis Pelvis asks
You are all asshole
Fucking got him yahoo
Zagged on him
My name is Justin McElroy. I'm Travis. I'm Griffin McElroy. It's been my brother my brother me kiss your dad's square on the lips
If you love podcasts, comedy, and creativity and you're looking for some new friends to share them with, why not check out Max Fun Con 2017. Max Fun Con is a chance for you to be a part of the world of comedy, comedy, and creativity.
Max Fun Con is a chance to get away from it all, spend a weekend laughing, and return inspired to create amazing things. Join us for Max Fun Con in Lake Arrowhead in June or Max Fun Con East in the Poconos in September and prepare yourself for one of the best weekends of your life. Tickets are on sale now at maxfuncon.com
