The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Uh, welcome my brother and my brother and me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet, sweetest candy pie baby brother Griffin McElroy.
All right, this is the birthday episode. Well, we already did. We did that.
No, no, we're, well, this episode we're recapping the birthday.
Oh, that'll be, that'll be fun for me again for the second week in a row.
Fun for me and applicable and fun.
Uh, I have, I cannot tell you how buckwild it has gotten in the mailbox,
in the, in the McElroy brothers and my brother and me mailbox.
We got, uh, a, a, a magazine from Galiayali and a Mad Libs book and $15 in stone cold cash.
Like we shouldn't be paying her. Yeah. Just like five, three, $5 bills in an envelope.
Oh my God. It's like a meemaw present. Is Galiayali, has she secretly been our memes
this whole time? She's been our meemaw.
I have one picture of a, of a guy dressed like a pharmacist
and on the back it has the words pill monkey scared written on it.
Okay.
So that's cool. Got a watch out for fireballs, uh, uh, postcard or a podcast.
Uh, wait, the podcast is called watch out.
Watch out for fireballs.
And they sent you this as a gift?
A postcard. Yeah. Uh, an ad maybe. Maybe they just tricked me.
Oh, damn it.
Joshua noise sent us anthrax, uh, by which I mean the greatest hits of anthrax.
Oh God. I think I would rather just have the anthrax.
Um, oh, we got a wedding invitation.
Oh, anywhere close by to any of the places that we live?
No, this is to Chicago.
I'd go back to Chicago for a wedding.
Okay. Well you can, you can go see Kristen Kotowski get married to Alistair Stewart.
This wedding invite is gorgeous. I wish you guys could see it.
What's the font? What kind of font are we wearing?
Would they go with a syrup? No, I mean it is completely decorated in literally dozens of
different typographies. It's a gorgeous, gorgeous document.
Are there any gemstones imbued in the, in the, in the paper?
Not as such.
What would you say is the net worth of this wedding invitation?
$13,000. Joe Robson sent me a Pepsi man, uh, action figure.
Oh my God.
And we got Adam, uh, and what looks like Scrans, uh, Mickelson.
That's not a real name.
Sent us a picture, uh, a Grand Canyon, uh, postcard.
And my man, Tommy Fix, sent us Space Jam, a novelization.
This is a brand spanking new copy direct from Amazon, so I don't know.
Okay. Is that book still in print?
Yes. Apparently that book is still in print.
Here's a picture of, uh, 17 babies butts.
Uh, and it says you deserve a 14 bun salute.
And it turns out this is a birthday card from my nanny.
So I should not say I'm sorry about that.
So as long as we're doing a mail call, I got a postcard today or yesterday,
cause mail doesn't typically run on Sundays in the United States of America.
Not as such.
Um, and it has the lead singer of Korn on it, his face.
And it says, come hear a motivational speech about the story of the lead singer of Korn.
And I turned it over and it's for a nearby church.
So that's something that I absolutely have to go to, right?
That is non, that is something they've written about him, like fan fiction
about the lead singer of Korn that would really motivate you.
I think that there probably is a preacher somewhere in Austin, Texas,
who has motivational fanfic that they wrote about Korn band members.
Real quick question.
Has any of this been entertaining so far?
It's hard to say, but that's not really my problem.
No, no, it's our birthday month, but that's not important anymore.
Oh, that's not bullshit.
All that's bullshit.
The only thing I care about is helping people.
You know, that's my thing.
That's where I'm at.
I want to advise people with their problems.
So here's a question from them and then we'll answer it
and see if they're maybe, if not better off, at least not worse.
I like to write a little in my free time.
I'm not super good at it and I'm not trying to get published,
but I have an overactive imagination.
So it seems like a good way to burn off thoughts in my head.
That's nice imagery.
I recently found a good friend of mine also writes for similar reasons.
I've always wanted a writing buddy
where we can both sit down for a week or something and write.
No, sorry, sorry.
Sit down for an hour a week or something and write.
I just want to just come into this sweat lodge.
We're going to go in a can of writing.
Got a lot of canned food.
We don't have any food or water or anything.
There is nowhere to poop.
Please do not in our sweat lodge.
Turn your phone on silent.
What are you doing?
We are in the sweat lodge of advice right now.
How can you take those kinds of distractions?
I can't.
I'm completely out of the mix.
I don't know what we were talking about.
I don't know.
It was so inconsiderate of dad to text me
to tell me that I have holes in my fantasy football lineup.
Anyway, if we ran into a wall,
we could bounce ideas off each other.
Is this a good idea?
How do I suggest this to my friend
without sounding like I'm pressuring them
or sounding like a dick?
Fitzgerald, Seeking Hemingway.
First, I suggest not starting off with
I'm not super good at it.
Yeah.
Can I?
Yeah.
Here's a good suggestion.
Go find a new thing that you are actually super good at.
Maybe?
Like, I just want you to start from as high a point as you best.
That is the biggest thing of success is showing up
and being good at the thing that you want to do already.
I think that writing is intensely personal.
For me, it's like a poetry.
It's like writing poetry.
Writing is like writing.
Writing books is like writing poetry.
For me, putting words on paper is like writing.
I've always likened poetry to like writing a song without music in it.
God, that's beautiful.
That is some lovely imagery.
So like if I said like,
I don't want to wait for our lives to be over.
I want to know right now what will it be?
And then there's a question mark on it instead of a period.
Whoa, whoa, I like that.
And that's, I can say that's mine because I didn't sing it.
You see what I'm saying?
I think that if you go to someone and lay out this plan for them,
it runs a risk of being the weirdest thing they've ever heard.
I really think-
Like I know that this happens in real life.
Like there are lots of writing teams over the years that have like come together
and they have written books together and plays together
and musicals together and like comedy bits together.
But it always, whenever you hear the story of it or read a memoir about it,
it's always so organic and it's like-
That's the thing, right?
Organic.
Here's what you need to do.
You need to go to and say,
hey, I've been writing something.
Would love to get the feedback on it and see what you think.
And then after they're done reading it, they give you their feedback.
You just stand there and they're out.
And then you say,
is there anything you would like to show me?
And then you wait and wait and wait and do not leave the room
until you have words in your hand that they've written for your adjudication.
I also think, not trying to pass judgment, but I am,
that it's a little bit weird proposition,
especially considering there's no end goal
and you're not trying to do anything with it.
Just saying like, we should get together.
They want to grow as writers.
What's wrong?
They want to waste two people's time simultaneously.
It's not trying to grow as writers because you don't have an end goal.
You just want to burn off excess creativity.
Why can't you just be good at writing, Travis?
I play bocce ball to burn off my excess energy
and I would love to be better at that.
No, what I'm saying is that if you go to this person and say,
I want to grow as a writer and I'd love to share ideas
and bounce it back and forth and give each other notes.
But if you just go to them and say, I have a bunch of extra creativity,
let's talk about it.
Help me purge.
Justin, do you bocce to burn off the thoughts in your head?
Is that what you just said?
Yeah, when I'm angry or it's been a long day at the bank,
where I work, I just go home and I bocce.
Justin is actually incapable of dreaming,
so instead he must funnel his dreams through bocce ball.
My dreams are funneled through bocce ball.
So I just, I go out to the field or the ring or the rink
or the course and he's got a bocce to feel.
I roll or toss.
Is there anything you don't have in common with Cliff Huxtable?
Tell me right now.
Sandwiches?
Check.
Gynecology?
Check.
I'm not going to fucking sell out to Jell-O.
That's for god damn sure.
Big gelatin is going to keep their hands off my uterus.
Justin's always been custard or nothing.
Custard or nothing, that's my jam.
Hey, real quick.
If we could go, I don't know how long we're going to keep doing the show.
I think we've got at least another 10 episodes in us,
but if we could just go without saying the words gelatin and uterus in the same breath.
It sounds fine.
Yeah, I'd say 10 episodes tops.
But you got to let this, this cannot be a relationship that you pitch.
It's got to be something that you develop.
Start small.
Don't try to say, hey, I would like us to have a writing relationship that
lasts for years and is super productive and helps us both grow as writers.
You just got to say, you got to start at normal.
You know what I mean?
That would be like proposing marriage to the lady at the bank.
Like just say, you know, start at the ground level.
If you introduce this level of formality into it,
then you're going to have to lay down all kinds of ground rules.
If it's organic, then you know what you're getting into.
But if you have to like write up a constitution for how this thing's going to work,
then you have to be like, you know, I don't want to read your sci-fi erotica.
Like just off the jump.
Like I don't want that.
If it's got slash fic in it anywhere.
Mm hmm. If you write today show slash fic, I would like to read that.
Yeah, because what if it's like just like the Citizen Kane of slash fic
or Citizen Kane slash fiction.
Al Roker takes out everything.
He gets everything.
You get to see his whole.
It's all out.
You get to see his whole tackle box.
Well, if Scott dials up his list of 100 year old perverts
and he calls them over for sex, old smucker sex.
And then Ann Curry's like, how could you do this to me?
Jilted lover Ann Curry returns.
Do you think?
Yeah.
Do you?
You know what I'm about to ask, right?
I know who you're at.
Everyone on today show is secretly fucking, right?
Yeah.
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
When he's like from the moment Roker's like,
that's what's happening in the in our country.
Here's what's happening in your neck of the wood.
He's on that moment.
He's like reaching for the zipper to start blasting.
He's like, get the blasting caps.
I'm going to the sex mine.
I have maybe 45 seconds.
Well, I line up the holes.
It's time to play some Roker poker.
Come over here.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Matt Lauer.
Bring your bring your weird leukemia head over here.
Matt Lauer.
I want to blast into it.
Matt Lauer used to look so good and healthy.
What happened?
You'd see that full of the Olympics.
Like, is he competing?
God damn.
He looked fantastic.
He looked fantastic.
I think I think it's like we have like a portrait
of Dorian Gray scenario between Roker and Lauer
because one is looking hundo percent better
and the other one is just shriveling.
Roker's looking fantastic.
Like Darth Palpatus or whatever.
Yeah, Lauer looks like he keeps sneaking peeks
at the Ark of the Covenant.
He's not looking at it full blast.
He's taking little sips out of the wrong grail.
Right, just a little just wetness whistle with that.
Fuck, why are we so mean to people we've never met?
Because we keep hoping that we will meet them
and they'll at least know who we are.
That's all like, that's all, that's my dream.
You guys want a yahoo?
I've always wanted Matt Lauer to just yell at me
across the crowded bar.
Hey, fuck you!
You guys want a yahoo?
Yeah.
God, I have so many good ones.
Thank you everyone who sent them in.
Please keep it up.
It was such a joy to read these.
This yahoo was sent in by John Tabler.
Thank you, John.
It's by yahoo answers user, Vela OK, who asks,
what does it take to start up a new cemetery?
Commitment.
I guess.
Business is going to be good.
I predict more people are going to be dying all the time.
Yup.
I want to offer.
Bold.
Nice one, Nostradamus.
I want to offer preservative free burials
so the body decomposes faster and gets back to being fertilizer ASAP.
I love that.
I love that.
And what a great trail.
It's pretty green.
Listen, let's.
So big on that.
Right off the jump.
Let's say everyone's going to die.
Could be today, could be tomorrow, but it's definitely one of those two.
It is today.
It's either today or tomorrow.
Yeah, everybody.
That's true.
This is a booming business because like, have you been to a cemetery?
Have you ever been to a cemetery and been like, oh, this is so spacious?
No, you haven't.
No, you haven't.
You know, this is a good point, though, because there are many cemeteries.
But at the beginning, you're just going to be that guy that buried a body in his yard.
You know, it's very hard to do this homegrown.
It's very hard to do a grassroots.
You don't see a lot of cemetery startups.
Right.
Yeah, it's a.
Just a man and a shovel.
Completely.
Going really good, we've moved from a from single hidden corpse to sort of a level,
I would say, tantamount to an Indian burial ground right now.
OK, so here's the thought I just had.
Let me throw this out.
OK, what?
Think of like a food truck, but instead it was like a crematorium on wheels.
Travis, if you if you took that show, if you took that show on the fucking road here in Austin,
you would be a quadrillionaire.
Everyone would want to die with you.
This is what I'm saying.
Oh, my God.
And you know, Travis just said that as a joke.
But and but like before this episode's over, he's going to get a harried phone call from DLC.
Listen, I want to do it.
I call as fast as I could.
Your dad, while you do it, just fight, fight with your old fat dad and please.
Can you hire some stupid guy?
Please, please, please hire a dumb guy.
And fight with your old dad.
I was just thinking about it.
It probably wouldn't succeed in Austin because everybody in Austin is like 22 years old.
I think if anyone ever died, if anyone ever died in Austin, it would be like Logan's run.
Like, what?
What?
Why isn't he moving?
This is weird.
Yo, Tyler, wake up.
Here's a PBR.
Come on.
There's a concert in two minutes.
Tyler, God, he's sleepy.
Let's turn him into a Wi-Fi hotspot.
Holy shit.
That could be your business.
Is there any, any cemetery with Wi-Fi in it?
Probably not.
Probably not.
This is what Pop Harm would have wanted.
He would have wanted me to sit here and browse my sites.
Browse my sites?
I'm Instagramming your grave site.
Do you like it?
Sites, we'll call it sites and grave sites.
I came to put some flowers on here.
Instead, I'm going to grow some flowers in Farmville.
I love you, Pop.
I love you, Pop Pop.
You're 22.
What would you call your truck
that drove around the city and let people put dead bodies in it?
What would you, what would you call that?
I was, I've been sitting here trying to think of a way
to play Nash Bridges, like sort of like Ash Bridges.
And I like to-
Burnin' Rubber.
Burnin' Rubber is not bad.
It's not bad.
I, what, would you have music?
Like when, like, like an ice cream truck?
Yeah, right.
Exactly.
No, I think you would go, want to go classy.
I think like, hit it with Don't Fear the Reaper
or maybe Wider Shade of Pale or maybe Frankenstein.
Oh, Frankenstein would be good.
All your corpses here.
We turn them into fuel.
It's, I think-
What if that truck ran on the body?
That's what I'm saying.
That's energy for the truck.
And then you call, it's totally green.
Oh man, well.
When you give your loved one over to the loving care of Burnin' Rubber,
first of all, sorry for the Frankenstein.
We are a completely green company with no overhead
and rest assured that your loved one will get us down
to like the corner.
We do need to pick up someone every 20 feet.
Yes, this is going to require a lot of corpses.
So if you've been holding on to them for a while,
that's probably not legal.
And for every corpse that you pay us to burn,
we'll burn the corpse of a needy child somewhere in Africa.
So it's sort of, yeah, it's really nice actually.
It's, I'm so glad Tom's got into that.
We offer a corpse for corpse guarantee.
How do you open?
I'm sitting here, it's a real noodle scratcher.
How do you-
There's got to be an extensive permit process, right?
More importantly though,
you've got to have like a pretty big install base from the get-go, right?
Like you've got to have like 20 corpses at the start.
Well, I bet the toughest part is convincing the first person.
Right, that's what I'm saying.
You can't just have the first person.
You have to have, they don't want to be lonely in the ground.
You know what I mean?
You got to have like 20 people like to start out.
You got to, there has to be like-
At least enough to keep dogs out.
There has to be like a train crash.
And then you're like, this is my moment, you know?
I bet though, it's just like when you open like a new condo or something
and you're like, everybody wants to get in on the ground floor
and like you want to, everybody wants under the trees, you know?
Yeah.
Everybody wants to get the spot under the tree.
Yes.
Sure.
God, it doesn't matter.
None of this fucking matters.
Ugh, just leave me in the alley.
Just prop me up beside that jukebox.
Is there a commercial option in the mainland United States
for a Tibetan sky burial?
Is that an option?
Cover me in honey, leave me on a mountain.
Let the birds deal with it.
Fly me into the sky so I can be closer to Jizu.
Everybody read fucking Stiff by Mary Roach.
Yeah.
Stop asking about dead people and just read Stiff.
Just friend of the show, Mary Roach.
Dissolve yourself and pour yourself like in a gutter somewhere.
It doesn't matter.
You're just eat honey for like 18 days or whatever
and then die for a while in some honey
and then have people eat you to heal themselves.
Is that a real thing?
Yeah, it's in Stiff.
Ugh.
It's cadaver candy.
Stiff is an appropriate name for that book.
Ugh, did you have an erection?
Because of the erection I have, I'm thinking of eating a dead honey man.
And I mean, honey woman.
Shit, is that gay?
You know how I want to go?
I want you to melt me in that stuff from Iframe Roger Rabbit.
Hey Dylan, I finally listened to that podcast you recommended.
Oh yeah?
What did you think?
Well, for the first 15 minutes, they talked about things they got in the mail.
For their birthdays.
They talked about presents they'd receive.
And then they talked about death for 20 minutes
and then I hung myself.
I'm a ghost, Dylan.
Hi Dylan.
And you said they talked about like dildos or something,
but they didn't like electric dildos every week?
They didn't do that.
They talked about Cliff Huxtable and then I killed myself.
Yeah, but you know the one part I did like?
Was the money zone.
I want to tell you guys about ussflagship.com.
They have, first and foremost, of all of our corporate sponsors,
the best call to arms I've ever seen.
Travis, hit me with it because I think only you're going to be able to do justice.
Got it.
What's the call to action?
Well, check out ussflagship.com.
Read our stuff and then do your own thing.
Whatever it is.
Make your dreams come true.
Fuck.
Yeah.
Right?
That gets me so excited.
Guys, I've been waiting for the push I needed and this is it.
I'm opening my own cemetery.
The flagship will host your amateur cemetery.
Guess what it's called?
Cementary.
Cementary, because, because I, god, I fuck this.
I don't know.
Don't, don't.
It gets, there's.
No, you did your best.
Cum is involved somewhere.
Yeah, we've got, so there's everything.
I'm looking at the flagship and I'm seeing four or five things that I want to read right now.
There's a weekly recap of Dawn of the Dead from a foremost expert on the zombie apocalypse.
There's a, there's a ton of good stuff on here.
ussflagship.com and I always tell people, you know, if you're interested in writing,
if you want to forge a writing partnership with somebody else, why not do it on flagship?
So that way you don't have to see the person.
I think literally at the beginning of this episode, we said just stop writing,
which I think the good, good people, the captains of the flagship would be, would disapprove.
Yeah, so they have a website, ussflagship.com.
They also have a Twitter, ussflagship.
A lot of good stuff to read and more importantly, go do your thing there.
Go get busy, you know, get busy.
I have this saying that I came up with, get busy living or get busy dying.
I had this phrase I came up with and it's, get busy child.
And then behind it, there's like this bass is like,
and then I keep saying it like over and over again.
And then all of a sudden all these teens show up.
And they're on ecstasy and there's jumping up and down.
And the lights are going off and we're just like fucking tearing this warehouse apart.
I think I might be addicted to drugs.
I was saying that I came up with and it's, we're fighting for our right to live, to exist.
And should we win the day, the 4th of July will no longer be known as an American holiday.
But as the day when the world declared in one voice,
we will not go quietly into the night, we will not vanish without a fight.
We're going to live on.
We're going to survive.
Today, we celebrate our independence day.
Guys, where's the beef?
Got us again.
Is that something you came up with?
Got it.
I did get it.
You got it.
Get busy, child.
So go to ussflagship.com or follow them on Twitter.
Can I publish all those things I said?
Sorry?
Can I publish those things I said?
Like I want to find some way to profit off of get busy, child, and where's the beef?
But I don't know.
Tell you what, when you feel close to death, I'll visit you every Tuesday
and you just tell me all the smart shit that you know about.
Okay.
And then I'll publish it in a book, Tuesday with Ditto, and we'll both get rich.
I'll get rich, but I'll pay for it.
You'll be dead.
When you make someone rich and then you die, then that shit pays forward in heaven.
And I really hope I get to be there.
If one of the five people Mitch Alba meets in heaven is Maury.
I really hope he's there when Maury wants to slice.
What if it's not?
What if five people show up and Maury and Maury's like,
hey, Mitch, what's up?
I thought we had like a special thing around the middle of the week, Mitch.
Mitch, do you remember?
I remember, Mitch, I can watch your bank statements from heaven, Mitch.
Mitch, me and Jesus are very disappointed in you.
All that wise shit and you've been the one making the bank.
Maury.
Tuesdays with Maury.
His Mitch Alba's hell is he has to spend every Tuesday talking to that old cantankerous bag.
But Tuesday, Maury was a beautiful person and he taught me a lot,
but I should have given him more money.
I'm really sorry.
Maury.
If he hadn't been spending Wednesdays with Maury's wife, you know?
I hope the five people I meet in heaven are in sync.
Personally, personally speaking.
What about you guys?
The five people I meet in heaven?
Yeah.
I'm a BSB man.
You're BSB?
At least one of those guys is dead, right?
As far as I know, they're all dead.
Travis?
I would like to meet the four guys from 98 Degrees and only one of the guys from N-Sync,
but I'll leave that up to Jesus.
Which guy it is, Jesus?
I want to meet the entire cast and crew of the Red Green Show,
because I think that's probably five people.
Do you think that the N-Sync in heaven, they're just like fucking swamped with all these five
people appearances?
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah, like a teenager dies, they're like, oh god, god damn it.
And God's like, what?
And they're like, no.
And then he's like, get to work N-Sync, I brought you here for a reason.
Do you want to go to hell, like 98 Degrees?
You're on a work release program from hell.
Why are we getting so like, we are engaging with some like really serious death issues.
I feel like we're playing with the Ouija right now.
I feel like we've dipped into the Ouija and we're harnessing its power.
Hey, just real quick.
Can I change my five people?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, sure try.
Okay, because mine is going to be the five main characters from Entourage,
and I'm including Jeremy Pivot in there.
I like that.
Because my personal heaven is that they're all my Entourage.
And I don't mean the actors, I mean the characters.
Can I change?
Sorry, can I change mine again?
Yeah.
Okay, cool.
I want to go with the Affleck Duck and I want...
Wait, Gilbert Gottfried?
No, no, no, the actual Affleck Duck.
I think you said Affleck Duck, like Ben Affleck's Duck.
I want Ben Affleck's pet duck.
What about four Affleck Ducks and Ben Affleck?
Okay.
And you have to guess which one's which.
Frans, we want to take a moment to tell you about our best friend, Bob Ball.
He's a voiceover artist.
He's an entrepreneur.
I think I can say that.
He has a show called Pop Quizical that...
You know, so many podcasts take so much of your time.
Like this one, for example.
And all you get in exchange is us.
A fucking hour of our lives that we've given to you as a fucking gift.
Three total man hours of our precious lives, you thankless thug.
Bob Ball is not as generous as we are.
His show is much shorter.
But it is a pretty great listen week in, week out.
You can find it at PopQuizical.com or you can find his own page at Bob Ball VO.
It's a trivia show that he hosts himself.
It's beautifully produced.
Had new topic every week.
The most recent is about profanity, which is a lot of fun.
It's fucking awesome.
It's fucking great.
Pussies!
He does a hint show every week and the show is great and it's a lot of fun.
And it's sort of a quick, a quick hit to cleanse the palette.
Just a little bump.
Just a little knowledge bump.
Just a hint.
I can stop whenever I want.
Even if you want to dip back to episode 20, there is...
My Brother, My Brother and Me is a topic.
I'll listen to you.
Listen, don't listen to the rest of the podcast.
Just listen to the bit that's about us.
Get out of your own asshole.
I didn't, I didn't mean that.
I'm sorry.
Number four.
The fourth one's about us.
Get out of your asshole.
Oh, sorry.
Go to Bob Ball VO or popquizzical.com.
Follow them on Twitter and enjoy the show.
I think you're really gonna like it.
If you hear, while listening to the podcast, a strange echo coming from Justin's audio source,
it's because he's inside his own asshole.
And it's cavernous and marbly in there.
Bob Ball VO.
Bob Ball VO.
Justin's.
Bob Ball VO Justin's Asshole.com.
Let's have another death question.
This was, Yahoo was sent in by Jacob Locker.
So you know it's gonna be good.
Thanks, Jacob.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Philip, who asks,
how much would it cost to bronze my corpse when I die?
The first answer is exactly $32,988, I guess.
Is that including like all the, like the fees?
I like this idea so much.
For me, personally, let me tell you why.
Okay.
Just in case I ever do something awesome enough to merit a statue built in my honor,
it's like, pre-pro, you know what I mean?
Like, they don't have to worry about,
I would love to build this statue in Griffin's honor.
I would love to.
He was a very important figure for, insert, important reason here.
But I just don't know that we have the maintenance fees for it right now.
With this, I can say, don't even worry about it.
This is me, and maybe I'm standing up,
maybe I have a piece of pizza in my hand that I also bronzed,
and I'm giving like a hang 10 sign with my other hand.
So kind of a team shooting into the trails past each other.
Maybe a little, maybe a little TMNT, perhaps.
Maybe I have roller skates on.
Maybe the roller skates aren't bronzed.
Well, that's gonna create some tricky feet issues.
Well, that's gonna create some tricky feet issues.
I researched this topic a little bit beforehand,
because I like to bring an expert sort of flair,
I guess you could say, to the show.
And I stumbled on a forum where writers ask about things
that could happen in one of the stories that they're writing,
which is always like, basically the best.
Sure.
And Amy Ashley is in here asking if she can bronze a dead body.
She said, I've seen it done in another book,
but technically those bodies were vampires.
So I think that might have been fudge.
Well, I mean, that, okay.
So she-
Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Wait, let me finish here.
She has a few people saying that you need to make
a wax sculpture out of it and then bronze it.
And someone else says they think that bronze would melt the flesh.
And then Amy actually dips back in four questions down and says,
actually it isn't truly human, it's more of a fish,
a mermaid to be exact.
I would say definitely cold blooded.
Okay.
Well, that is gonna hold up under the pressure of vulcanized metal.
Right.
Is this something that you guys would be,
because we've never talked about like what we want to do
with and to each other when one of us passes away first, Travis?
Well, first and foremost,
I am bothered by the limitations of the question.
I don't understand why I have to wait to be dead to be bronzed.
Are you talking full bronzing or are you talking like a partial Tremaine?
Oh, I'm just saying like,
I feel like it would be very protective
if I could just go like toes to neck.
Okay.
You know, leave my head out there for all the important shit,
but just go toes to neck.
And so then I know I'm bait.
Wait, is bronze bulletproof?
It depends on how thick it is.
I can tell you this though.
It is poop and peep proof.
There's going to be some outlets.
I'm going to need some outlets cut.
Okay.
So basically what we're talking about is like a shitty Iron Man scenario.
I am Iron Man.
I'm fucking falling over.
Shit.
I landed on my dick outlet.
Fuck.
Help me.
Pepper Potts.
Help me.
I peed and pooped in my bronze suit again.
Watch me shoot my beams.
Oh, I don't have beams.
I'm just made of steel.
Fuck me.
Avengers assemble.
I pooped and peed in here a month ago.
Master.
Yes, Jarvis.
You smell like fucking piss on metal and I hate it.
I'm leaving.
I'm an AI and I hate it.
I'm deleting myself because of how bad your pee metal smell smells.
I like that Travis is concerned about it being bulletproof
as if anyone would ever want to shoot a robot.
Travis, you have to worry about it being bulletproof
because I'm saying a week and a half in.
You're going to be like, fucking kill me.
Yeah.
Okay, Justin, I want to jump back.
You're going to turn yourself into a- No, if there's any gun-toting criminal
that walks in because there's a man covered in metal, surely he's a robot.
That man doesn't deserve to be mad at me because he's an idiot.
I am not a robot.
I'm still a human being.
I'm just trapped in a metal husk.
Okay.
And the husk that is becoming my life because of my poor pre-planning.
Why would anyone want to shoot a man that has locked himself
with his dick in butthole hanging out?
How is your flat?
The people can look under and he can't stop them because he can't move his arms.
Please everyone stop looking at my dick and or butthole.
I think they have a name for someone whose limbs are encased in metal
but whose sex organs are exposed and that's a fuck prison.
That's what you set yourself up for.
Travis, can you admit to us right now that this actually sounds like your dream scenario?
All that you have to do is have food fed to you and shit where you stand
and it's totally totally acceptable.
I don't like that you assumed that I would be bronze standing.
Okay, what would your sitch be?
What position are we talking?
Reclining on a chaise lounge like Cleopatra.
Okay.
Okay.
Travis, what if that started out as the life but then you turned
into the grand prize in a high stakes race around the world or something
because that seems like you'd be very valuable.
Or like I sunk to the bottom of the ocean like in AI and then like some aliens found me
in a thousand years but I'm still alive because I didn't have to use a lot of energy to just
keep my head alive.
His love is real.
His intellect is not.
First place for this grand prix around the world is this bronze fuck prisoner.
Like what's second place please?
What's last place get me?
A lead fuck prisoner.
The worst part about being encased in metal and having people have to feed you through
the hole in your face is that you can never really be particular about sandwich orders
again.
You really just have to accept whatever the person brings you.
Egg salad, potato, potato.
Now you hire someone else to smack things out of your mouth for you.
This is disgusting.
Someone scrape it.
Someone scrape the residue from my mouth.
Oh man, this just this turned into a saw movie in my mind real quick.
Yeah, it seems like pretty bad.
Is this what human centipede was about?
Kind of only instead of bronze it was another human's anus.
Did you guys did you guys see the new Robocop?
It was basically just a guy coating himself in metal and having sandwiches in his head
and then pooping himself on Shay's lounge.
Stop that crime.
Hey quit cut that crime out or else I'll make you watch what I do.
That would be a pretty good scene at Robocop halfway through the movie he realized that
his suit is metal and it's too heavy for his bones.
I want you guys to know that also now in 128 episodes I've now learned that this is the
kind of thing that I say this as a joke and someone out there is going Travis is so fucking
dumb that wouldn't work.
That would never work.
Yeah, I can I can say though that after knowing you for almost 30 years well 25 that this
is the kind of thing that you would actually give a lot of thought.
I would research it.
I'm not saying you would do it, but I'm saying out it would occupy a lot of your faculties
for I would say three to four days.
Well because I would also say this in my in my many years of being obsessed with really
weird things that people have done in the past someone has attempted to do this.
Oh sure sure sure.
I mean here's the thing people cryogenically freeze themselves.
You don't think someone back in like the 1600s when people were let's be honest dumb.
Yeah that somebody was like I know how I'll live forever.
I'll be encased in metal when someone like somebody's done it.
Here's the here's the question of the hour.
I die which is never going to happen, but this is this is a you know hypothetical.
I die I get my corpse frozen in bronze.
What do you guys do with that?
What do you do with that?
Do you put that in the independently owned and operated cemetery?
Do you put that in the living room as like some sort of fun statue?
Do you put me in the yard like one of those kind of racist lawn jockeys?
I think that would be a great way to as to act as a seed for your cemetery because people
know you're serious you know I also want to say one body above ground.
That's really good advertising.
It also would be a great moment if you just like had the statue in your home and friends
came over and they were like well that's a really detailed statue and you say oh thank
you it's my brother and they say oh is it like to commemorate him or how did he die
and you're like oh no no no that is my brother that is in fact yeah and p.s a weird person
that's in my house if I have a statue cast in honor of my brother it will not have his
genitals exposed yeah so p.s person with him oh where are you going you don't want to see
the you don't want to talk about my dead brother stat all right I want to you're going to talk
about the Mormon faith I'm ready to listen it would literally be like I wouldn't even
need to see all of it like around as I came through the door frame as soon as I saw like
the bra like the tip of his bronze dead nose I'd be like oh hold on I've got a phone call
in my car in my car phone bye yeah but tip of his dead bronze nose we could play a family
we could play a family feud and have people guess how you're going to end that sentence
and survey would never say nose it would never ever say nose no I've listened to my brother
my brother a few times I'm pretty sure he's not gonna end the sentence with nose let's
go to the leaderboard let's check it out survey says no 100 said dick everyone said dick it
seems 100 you got 100 points Justin this is the worst Louie Anderson impression I've ever heard
let me try again let me try again that's Ray Combs let me try Louie Anderson shut up I'm
trying to do my Louie Anderson wow 100% of the people said dick that's not that's my Bruce
Valanche fuck uh I saw Bruce Valanche on Shark Tank yesterday that son of a bitch was pitching
a software to teach old people how to use internet how to use it how to harness its power
I mean I would want I don't know why creating a book to help illiterates learn to read yeah right
like if I could log into computer classes they seem to be in pretty good shape yeah do you guys
remember when before the jump we were like we've got to move through these questions faster but
right now I'm googling Richard Karn to like make a timely family feud Richard Karn joke and I think
that nice Karn ball mall I think maybe we should move on I have a roommate who's constantly eating
my food he will always eat 99% of something and leave one item left for example he ate most of
my pretzels but left one and ate a full jar of pesto with said pretzels but left a spoonful of
pesto he ate an entire bag of gummy bears but left a single bear I feel petty ask him to stop
eating my groceries but he doesn't do any grocery shopping on his own how how should I deal with
how should I deal with this without sounding like a petty roommate like okay here's the thing
why define what the word petty means to you because eating your shit and doesn't buy his own
shit more more importantly though he's leaving a single element of it left saying now there's
still some for Jeff to enjoy there's one Pringle in this fucking can once you pop you literally
have to stop Jeff because I ate the other 99 Pringles did you know every can of Pringles has
exactly 100 Pringles in it Jeff you're basically living with a bear but worse because at least the
bear is it will eat everything and it will like you just gotta throw it away after a bear is done
with it um but this guy's eating you out of house and home there's no I mean you can't like how far
does this go like he leaves one square of toilet paper that you bought he leaves the core of the
apple I boned I phoned your girlfriend but I stopped right before completion can we set can
we lay out a a dictate to America and the world but mainly America because I don't know what's
going on elsewhere if you cannot afford to live in an apartment by yourself you have to live with
your parents or be homeless you can't no one can live with anyone they are not dating anymore it's
that's simply untenable before this all roommates are awful they're the worst not that's not we
throw away listen Brent Brent will floss was my roommate I love him very deeply we are we are
still best friends and we live together for three years if you ask either one of us like did you at
any one point it 100% enjoy living with each other the answer is no yeah but you don't 100%
enjoy like any person like that that's you're gonna have 100% in I 100% enjoy my wife my girlfriend
I'm saying though like you're gonna have friction with anybody that you live with over something
even if I think the problem is that you don't have friction with the person because then
that that's when the real problems arise what I meant I mean I got that you meant like you don't
want to like fuck you fuck fuck your roommate don't fuck your roommate like first off don't
do that I do think that is an option though I think that's an option is to even if you're
heterosexual and you cannot afford to like you have to live with someone of the same
gender as you I want you to eat this last gummy bear only what it's not in the bag where could it be
can we suggest that like can you do maybe not a sexual relationship I meant like in his butthole
and then like he would have oh gosh okay couldn't you thank you for clearing that up I needed a
road sign to find that one uh what what if you were to just say like we're not in a sexual
relationship but as long as you live here and I live here there is no boundary like we we are
literally we we are in this thing together we are living we are living as a unit I think that that
might be a possible that what like the majority of 80 sitcoms was about I think yeah like perfect
strangers I think was exactly about I don't think the guys in perfect strangers ever fucked each
other no I'm not saying implied I I'm not saying they fuck each other I'm saying like they combine
their bite and their wiener do not to stand tall on the wings of their dreams like they don't have
two milks there's just the one milk and they're both sharing it and if you don't have any groceries
like that that is a problem both of you have listen yeah and and question asker it is not
fucking petty is the worst thing in the world when you come home and you're like oh all I want
is to dive into that bag it's the worst roommate situation in the world okay okay it's not the
worst thing worst roommate situation in the world when like you've been sitting at work and you're
like man I just had the worst day but I bought myself that bag of gummy bears yesterday when I
was shopping for just such an occasion I was gonna dive headfirst in that bag of gummy bears you come
home I'm fucking do you remember that one like just super quick real quick sidebar if you're
in this situation it may be time to consider getting a new job if if the if the highlight
of your day is the gummy bears you're gonna eat later please you might be a redneck yeah time to
go to resume her and start seeing what's available because you are in a bad job I don't know what
kind of posh high level upper management jobs you've had in your life you've never had a job
where the highlight of your day is going to be the fact that you bought yourself like an ice cream
treat uh-huh and then maybe after that maybe you'll kill yourself maybe what so okay Travis
walk me through the narrative here this person goes to the grocery store buys an ice cream
treat says hang tight little buddy I'm gonna talk to you yes I don't know what kind of idealistic
lives you guys have led but sometimes you know you got to buy your bread you got to buy your milk
you got to buy your shit but then you go you know what this box of candy this is just for me when
Travis is in trouble you know this is for this is for emergencies only break glass in case of
blank box of mysterious unlabeled candy what could be inside here it's like Jumanji in candy
form I can't wait to eat this when I get home from the office you guys have never had emergency
treats not that defined the course of my entire day no Travis okay out of out of years out of
years of your like 365 days you've never had one day where you think like oh I've got a steak at
home I'm gonna eat that today I have everything better but then I do I just live like a horrendous
food-based lifestyle you've been grief eating for like a decade I think like it's yeah yeah no that's
not great Trav that is not great behave that's not great that's not ideal I'll have you know
that I met with a personal trainer yesterday and he said my body fat percentage was fair your body
is amazing but my body is a wonder let's just I this is not it sucks but it's not that do you
remember 30 episodes or so ago when the guy talked about how his roommate fucked on his bed and left
like that's the worst left like a love mess whenever he did it like that's one gummy bear
sitting in the middle of the love mess yeah he left his leavings and like that fucked in your
bed and also I ate all but one of your gummy bears his detritus I think that you should count your
count your lucky stars there was enough left there that a bloodhound can track him through
the streets of London let's put it that way let's leave it at that um god yeah god I'm so glad I'd
never have to do that again do you guys want to yahoo please um this yahoo was sent in by uh
Valerie Rogers thank you Valerie it is by yahoo answers user Paul who asks what is the sexiest dog
I sometimes jog in the dog park around the corner from where I live the other day I got talking to
a model who was walking her dachshund said she would like to see me again I told her I walk my
dog there a lot so she would probably bump into me sometimes problem is I don't have a dog I now
have to buy one so she doesn't know I was lying to her so I could maybe get laid I am wondering
what type of dog I should get I want to get the sexiest dog possible so I'm going to go to the
sexiest dog possible so I have the best chance of getting into her pants what kind of dog what do
you dog owners suggest which dog is more likely to drive her crazy having a seizure I also need
one that doesn't make much noise because my wife can't find out she doesn't like dogs ah twist oh
god right there at the end you didn't think I thought it was so bad but now I see it for what
it truly is you got a yahoo chameleon I think it's got to be an afghan hound their hair looks
like a beautiful lady's hair hanging down yeah that's not bad what about something that has
even like a suggestive name like a like a schnauzer you know what I mean because whenever I hear
schnauzer I think of like how a barbit is actually is called a gun dog by the uh by the united kennel
club well I was more thinking of like you could ostensibly refer to your penis as like your
schnauzer you know what I mean why don't you get a human slave dressed as a dog and walking through
the dog park this is good this is a good line of dialogue for us hey and you want to know something
people do that that exists I saw it on an episode on I believe tlc let's let's clear up real quick
though just for a second when you say human slave you're talking about an snm thing and not a literal
slavery on the black market okay no I'm talking snm a bdsm kind of thing okay and uh the person
you know they wear snout and dog ears and whatnot you get them on a leash they crawl on all fours
through the dog park and I don't know whether they use the bathroom like a dog but hey I think
it's safe to assume okay I'm gonna need about 15 minutes to just jerk it real quick can we can we
take a break can we have a brief jerk it recess yeah and then we'll edit that out and we're and
oh got it there was so much hey can I ask a real quick favor from people who are into snm uh you
know I'm into it you know I'm down with you having your lifestyle could you not take that whole scene
into a public forum where that's going to be that person's whole week unless unless
there is a special park that's just don't smell his ass just kidding go for it you have to do it
you're wild the place in which this I saw this occurring it was uh an sm an snm pair in san
francisco well that seems like the kind of place where that would happen yes yes of course I'm
saying maybe this is a special dog park but can you imagine being a regular dog owner which is
like oh a new dog maybe in like the deeps like didn't texas or something like that like oh this
is not a thing that has ever happened in this whole zip code cool cool justin you got real quiet
are you okay I just sometimes it gets the walls you try to put up for yourself you think that
they're to keep we have an agreement I know it's just an inside but it turns out the walls have
been there to keep all this alcohol because maybe just maybe maybe it's your thing it's got to be
somebody's thing what if it's my thing like how much of me guarding myself maybe some of my social
anxiety can be traced back to the fact that I'm constantly worried I'm gonna be like woof let's
fight I need it but we have to we can't let those fears control where we go on this show you know
we have to have this agreement no limits no restraints take this pill let's go down this
sexual oubliette together some some restraints but only if there are streets yeah yeah right
let's go down this hole gotta go one way or the other we have to figure we got this show is a
sexual spirit journey in in more ways than one and when we start pulling back a little bit when
we start holding back the reins do you remember three years ago when we sat down and we started
discussing doing this show and we said we're gonna do this show for one reason and one reason alone
to learn about ourselves sexually come my brother my brother may come listen to three brothers
discover themselves sexually open their flowers to new possibilities you remember when we were
coming up with names to the show and I thought that ito hermano tombi in was gonna be was gonna
be for recently I do think that making this show has skewed my perception of what it of I don't I
do not think I have a barrier for what is a barometer for what is weird I used to think
things are weird nothing's weird do you remember everything is do you remember like a hundred
episodes ago we were like hey furries right and now we're all basically furries now and now I
legit no joke if I hear someone out in real life make fun of the furries I will interject into a
stranger's conversation and be like um excuse me that's actually coming from a very uninformed
place and let me tell you what you need to know about the furry community are we a microcosm of
this experiment called America I hope that the amount of progressiveness that we show on this
show every single episode I think if we can take steps forward like that as a fucking nation then
we are going to turn into like a hellraiser-esque dimension of pain and pleasure I think I think
initially we did have we had a lot of socially accepted bigotry yeah I think when we started
we had a lot of socially acceptable I was not into interracial marriage I was I was firmly
I didn't believe an older person could truly love a younger person now I know we used to be
be the only person we have gotten irrationally angry at and I have not regretted as jugglers
I still feel like we were pretty much on the money with jugglers I want to keep that feud going but
literally everything else I I am sorry for any time we've judged now is that your Appalachian
affectation on the word juggalos hey man you got a festival with a bunch of jugglers around I would
marry my first born daughter to a juggalo before I let her date a juggler wow I want to leave it
at that wow out of my by saying that my my future daughter is going to listen to this and date a
juggler to piss me off god damn it's right it's like we work so hard for you to not date anyone
who suspends balls in the air that's all I ask that's all I ask is to stay away from wizards
and press the digitators and jugglers I don't like anybody who does tricks I don't think it's
so wrong our dad was murdered at a carnival should we have we ever talked about the fact
our dad was murdered at a carnival no I don't think so okay well it's although I would like
to throw out uh a special thanks to our our adopted father uh Clint McElroy which I mean
we adopted him you've done such a great job raising us but the scars of our former dad's
carnival murder unsolved carnival murder I feel like it really informs a lot of the stuff we talk
about on the show I am amazed that like I'm amazed that we've never talked are you sure it hasn't
come up it seems like it would have come up the fact that our dad was killed by a juggler
well we can't prove that he was the prime suspect could have been anybody could have been a bearded
lady could have been the lizard man could have been dunkin booth maybe a knife thrower that
seems accurate could have been oh shit cotton candy guy candy guy last person you ever suspect
he doesn't have any superpowers cotton candy tastes like my dad what spun to death made it
from Emilio um all right uh guess his weight is what's in the show well I was gonna keep
making like carnival carnival okay go ahead I gotta grab a washcloth what's wrong I spilled
some coffee okay um um I was gonna say like guess his weight oh hey girl okay what's up
nothing I we never talk yeah what's um what are you are you seeing anybody I mean not right now
why do you ask I mean like are you like are you dating um well no I I'm engaged so no
did I not tell you that to what are you who are you engaged to uh to my fiance right but who the
fuck like jesus man what happened to us sorry I was trying to hold out thank god Justin's back
um thank you everybody to get for continuing to bear with us I know that it gets got a little
weird I guess you could say this week it seemed to me you know what's funny I don't think it did
comparatively I would this one's probably just I don't know I feel like we made people
we made people come face to face with their own mortality probably more than they're comfortable
with yeah and their own sexuality like what other podcasts offers you an ability to look
into the future and both see yourself dead and see yourself in a leather dog costume sex and death
it's the two primal forces of life according to the pilot episode of the wonder years so thank you
to everyone who was uh uh mailing us stuff want to mail us something it's p.o box 54 honey to west
virginia 25706 thank you to people tweeting about the show Lee Mahi uh not Zach Newton Brandon
no I mean not that news his name I'm not calling out someone named Zach Newton for not tweeting
about the show costbizzle east coast dandy uh k crushing Charlene 519 Sam Barsanti I Am Feminista
I Am Feminista, The Rab, Sub Random, Dart, Katal, Sketchy TK, Radagal, 1000, everybody and uh make sure you follow
nbmbam wisdom it is a twitter feed that only tweets quotes from the show so that's pretty
sometimes when you say the names of people on twitter you say them in like kind of an
incomprehensible manner that makes it sound like you're reading off some sort of incantation
like you're casting some sort of shitty spell I am casting a spell of love uh I want to because
I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters for the use of our theme song it's a departure
off the album putting the days to bed did you guys know that John Roderick was working on a
Christmas album with with uh with uh not John Hodgman but the other John you know the other
John Jonathan Coltrane I don't think that's it yeah it's him and John Coltrane they're working
on an album together it's called Smokey Christmas um no it's called Holidays with a z and it's
actually Jonathan Colton and that's not the name of the album but my keyboard is really loud so
if I google it then everybody's gonna know so I'm just gonna fess up right now don't know the name
of the album but google John Coltrane John Roderick Christmas together forever and you
should find the album that I'm talking about thank you thank you so much I think you could say if you
say John John Roderick Jonathan Colton John Coltrane if you search all three of them you will
find it I think um I also if you wouldn't mind we haven't made this plea in a while if you could like
tell a friend about our podcast if you could just like reach out to somebody that you're close to
that you're friends with that you think they share your comedy sensibilities and maybe reach out to
them extend the olive branch um and and share a link to our podcast or our sampler bit.ly it's
my bim bam um then that would be good for us because we want to spread our reach we want you
guys to evangelize now Griffin if I'm not mistaken you do have a uh a final question for us I do
um it was sent in appropriately by uh Crystal Whalen thank you Crystal Whalen oh uh Throwing
Shade has oh listen to all the other Max Fund podcasts maxfund.org go listen to them Throwing
Shade uh uh Jordan Jesse Goh, International Waters, Judge John Hodgman, Stop Podcasting Yourself, Risk,
Memory Palace is that all of them um Throwing Shade has requested or actually a listener of
Throwing Shade requested on the last episode that uh they and us we and they uh switch catchphrases
okay just a little bit of cross-promotion a little cross-marketing a little cross-promotion
crystal whalen sent this one in thank you crystal whalen it's uh by yahoo answers user jamie who asks
anyone else have the phobia that batman's going to smash your head into the mirror while you're
peeing i'm dustin mcroy i'm griffin mcroy this has been my brother my brother and me don't die
