The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hi everybody, welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, the advice show for the modern era. I'm
your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet, sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
Now baby brother, you're sitting next to me.
That's it. We're just sitting next to each other. I'm looking at you. I feel you.
I'm looking at you drink this devastating cocktail I watched you make in the kitchen for yourself.
Justin, that's the grossest thing I've maybe ever seen anybody put into a cup.
It's mainly milk and also coffee.
The sign of a great cocktail is it's mostly milk.
It's mostly milk and coffee and liquor. It's called... How's my bathroom today?
It's called Minority Bathroom Report.
It's called I just downloaded that new Jurassic World game on my iPhone. I really want to get deep.
Here comes a red ball from the precogs. It says you're going to kill your bath.
You're in town for your high school reunion, Griffin, your 10-year reunion.
My 10th, yeah, my decade.
That's the most important one, as we all know.
Here is the question, I think, on everybody's mind.
Were the people there at the reunion impressed enough
by the fact that you had a popular podcast?
Oh, man, let me tell you. No, not really.
Not really.
I mean, what's enough? What would it be? What would be... Are we looking for...
I'm looking for like a Rudy, put you on your shoulder, carry you...
I was not lifted. I was not... I was not carried. I was not heralded.
My buddy, Alex, tried to get the hype going. He tried to get that train a-rollin'.
He was like, this dude had a day named after him last year.
I was like, well, that's not entirely accurate. It was...
Did you buy a round for the bar and say, don't worry, this one's on Totino's?
No, my friend, my old buddy, Derek, bought a round for the bar.
And then he got concerned that not everybody was cashing in on his offer,
which I get. If you go out and say, hey, everyone, this next one's on me.
And then there are people who don't get one on you.
Well, some of those people, the big worry is that they're planning on saving it.
They'll come back to the bar in a few weeks and say, I think I should have a one that Derek...
I believe Derek has an IOU for a one on him.
I feel the exact opposite of how I imagine Derek must have felt.
If I said a round on the bar on me and everyone went, oh, that's all right,
I would be so relieved because I would have gotten them with the gesture, but like...
I'd like to say that when I'm the only one in the bar.
Yeah, but then it's like, ha ha ha ha, and everybody laughs,
but it's just me laughing, and then I get a little sad.
Yeah.
What about this move?
Next one that the next person orders is on me, and then you just watch them fight for your love.
The 11th caller gets a free drink, and here's my phone number.
Everybody just start calling me and friend me on Facebook.
I was hoping for like a 10-year review from you guys of how I've been doing
since 2005 when I graduated high school.
Well, we hit the podcast.
We did the podcast, and that's been really good.
You got married, right?
Right.
I got married.
It doesn't just have to be life events.
Just how has my performance been?
How am I...
What about my physique?
I felt different.
Has my physique changed since 2005?
I felt that around year five, it really started to kind of wane a little bit.
Yeah, he had peaked.
Wait, which element of my persona are you even talking about?
Your performance.
Just like your overall...
I can't lift as much weight over my head.
Your lifting, your health, your vim, your vigor.
All my stats, all my statistics.
I mean, you haven't been getting as many RBIs.
Your fielding is weak.
Dad used to call those ribbies, and I thought it was just like pretty standard.
So I had a few incidents in my mid-20s where I'd be at a bar before watching baseball,
and I would say like, hey, nice RB or something.
It's weird to find out that there was something about sports that you didn't know, Justin.
Yeah, it's weird.
I'm certainly not scoring as many home runs as I once did, or home alone as I call them.
Can I tell you guys in the last decade how many home alone's I've pulled down?
None of them.
This is a comedy advice show where we...
I want you to fucking lay it on me.
I'm not going to get any better if you guys don't tell me what needs improvement.
I want you to beat me into the ground or else I'll never become the world's greatest drummer
or home run getter or whatever I try.
Oh, you want me to whiplash you?
I want you to whiplash me.
No, no, that's not my beat.
That's not my beat, Griffin.
You're not supposed to say mean things about me while I do drums.
You smell like butts, and you're not doing a great job.
Tear my shit apart.
I'm not going to get...
When I'm 38 years old, I don't want to be the same as I am right now,
but that is sort of the direction that you're pushing me.
Good job, Griffin.
Stay the same.
You are a 10 out of 10.
I wouldn't change a thing.
Can I say that though?
Like if you could stay the same, like if you could aim for that in 10 years,
I think you will be far ahead of the curve.
Yeah, I mean, maintaining is...
Like if you could just maintain.
I just want to increase my jump height.
If I'm the same, but I can increase my vertical leap by seven inches.
That's going to be great because you're going to spend the entire reunion
trying to find a reason to jump super high.
Not just to jump super high, but to jump super high in a context in which
people would need to measure the inches and compare them.
And compare it.
See, that's one problem is I didn't jump high last night.
Here's what you need to do right now on the Facebook page of your reunion.
You need to say, in case anybody missed it, I did clock in at six vertical inches.
People are posting pictures already in that Facebook group.
I need to hop in and be like, oh, this was right before I jumped 36 inches.
No, you've got to improve.
You don't want to be 36 inches right now.
You want to have good growth.
How every day post like a three second video of you jumping next to a ruler
and just like every day chart like how much you go up.
Or maybe like there's a day where it's like, oh, that was like a half inch down.
What happened?
And like you ate a big burrito and we can like chart it over the next 10 years.
Then we'll end up being 3650.
You are you are like treacherously close to up worthy territory right now.
This man measured his vertical leap every day for 10 years.
And you won't believe what happens next.
Nothing.
Nothing.
It's the same 36 inches.
That doesn't seem like that's three feet.
That doesn't seem like very.
Is that good?
That would actually be insane.
You can delete.
Stop.
Are you telling me if you could leap three feet straight up on the ground,
you wouldn't be impressed.
OK, hold on.
I want to get some sort of ballpark here.
Oh, my legs.
Stop.
My baby's sleeping.
Don't do this anymore.
Let's read the first question.
We don't need another 259.
OK, it looked like about 18 inches.
I just got to double that.
Should we get into the advice?
Yeah, my birthday is coming up and I'm having a dope party.
Oh, call the cops.
Casually seeing a couple of dudes right now.
And I'm pretty sure they all know of this impending natal anniversary.
But I'm not sure who, if any of them to invite.
What do I do?
Too many suitors in there.
I kind of feel like you would invite none of them because I feel like if you're planning
a party like you already are going to have so much to think about.
You don't want like a new romance to sort of distract you from just sort of enjoying
the party with people you're super comfortable with.
Now, Justin, may I counterpoint?
You invite all of you first.
And now this way, what you've done is you've guaranteed an interesting evening.
Kind of your Flintstones, like you want to go to the bowling league, but you also have
Pebble's birthday.
OK, but Fred didn't do that shit to make it sexy.
Like he didn't try and sex his life out.
How do you know that, Griffin?
That was out of necessity.
His and Barney's relationship had grown a bit stale and they wanted to like have adventurous
friendships.
I want to add a little bit of flavor to this equation.
Hey, Fred, don't you think things are getting a little stale?
Get your dick out.
When was the last time you fought me for the pebbles?
For the fruity pebbles?
Here's the question.
It's weird.
Isn't it weird?
Wait, hold on.
Isn't it weird that Bar- I've never thought of it.
Barney was trying to steal a cereal from Fred named after his daughter.
I'm going to gobble your pebbles.
Stop it.
What are you talking about?
You're going to gobble my pebbles.
I want a spoonful of pebbles.
Get out of here, you fucking weirdo.
I want to take a big bite of Bam Bam.
Yeah, how's that?
How's that feel?
How's that feel to you?
Bam Bam had a cereal.
Things like peanut butter bowl or something.
I'd love to have one night with Wilma.
For one million clams.
One night with Wilma is a lot of-
General Mills made a series called One Night with Wilma.
We made a sex tape with a particularly loquacious Velociraptor.
He watched us and then we recorded it.
It's a living.
He had a pterodactyl make an audio recording.
It's a living.
Do all the fellows, along with knowing about your birthday,
do they know that you're seeing multiple dudes or are you doing this on the DL?
If they were all at the party together, would they be like,
why are you smooching on Steve?
It doesn't matter if they're doing it on the HL or on the DL Hugely.
If it's casual, it doesn't sound like they give a shit.
Like they mean, hey, I'm Bryce.
Hey, I'm Todd.
I'm with Roseanne.
Yeah, me too.
I'm with Roseanne.
Cool.
It's casual.
I watch Roseanne.
Yeah, I also watch Roseanne.
I also watch Roseanne.
You suck.
You suck.
You suck.
You suck.
I also watch Roseanne. You son of a bitch.
That's my thing.
Now we're going to fight.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
What if the party ends with like, listen, me and Bryson got to talking
and we're going to give you a birthday present to remember.
We're all going to watch Roseanne together.
Well, we're going to like just both pleasure you all night long.
Think about that.
Thanks for saving this energy until I was in the room with you.
Yeah, but think about it.
Yeah, no, I'm-
No, I think this is fine playback considering on another podcast we record,
I had to listen to our father two inches from my face.
Yeah.
Fucking R. Kelly dirty talk some plants.
Yeah.
I think this is fair playback.
Adventures on episode 18.
What if they decide, what if they fulfill your fantasy of like they,
one of them dresses like Jacob and one of them dresses like Edward
and they fight over your loves.
A birthday fantasy just for you.
Or one of them dresses like Jacob and the other one dresses like
the other god-like character from Lost and they compete for your soul.
One of them dresses like Jacob Marley and the other one dresses like Scrooge.
Fantasy coming to life.
If you can think of other Jacobs, send us a text.
Text us right now.
Jacob to 414141.
One of you is Jacob Marley, one of you is Ziggy Marley.
And one of you is Dweezil Zappa, but you actually are Dweezil Zappa.
This question is from Dweezil Zappa.
I'm seeing a couple of guys and also Dweezil Zappa.
And it's weird, like Dweezil knows about it, but the other two don't know about Dweezil.
And I've got a sack of flour and a chicken and a wolf.
I need to get all six of them across the river, but I've only got one raft.
And Dweezil Zappa is going to eat all the flour if I leave him alone with it.
But the chicken will eat Dweezil Zappa.
Also Dweezil Zappa won't get on the raft.
So that seems like, that seems like it's just sort of going to screw them over.
Dweezil Zappa just like fool me once.
No.
He won't get on the raft.
I've been hurt on rafts before.
Not falling for another raft scheme.
How about a yahoo?
Yep.
This yahoo is sent in by Zoe Kinski climbing that ladder.
It's by yahoo answers user Christina R93, who asks,
if people are having sex during an earthquake, do they still have to move?
My friends and I were joking around and this question popped up.
There is no wrong or right answer.
There is.
I don't know why you got so zen like about it so quickly.
Just to see what kind of answers there are.
Opinions are greatly encouraged.
Well, opinions are basically probably always.
Opinions as opposed to scientific like study theories.
Yeah.
You got a control group with placebo effect.
You just thought there was an earthquake, but you were fucking.
So let me, this might get a little blue.
This is the picture that they're painting, right?
There's two people.
They begin lovemaking and then an earthquake starts and then they go.
Whew.
Thank God.
And then just relax every muscle simultaneously and let the earth do the work.
That's actually the safest thing to do in the middle of an earthquake.
Just relax all your muscles.
And let go jelly bones and just let your member jiggle and wiggle and rigor,
wriggle and wriggle and wiggle and rigor.
Just let your bed just go to town all on their own.
You know what?
You've had a hard day.
You put in the work down the office.
Now it's time for the earth to make your bits move so that you don't have to.
What if you instantly fetishize it and then it ruins your love life because
it's unpredictable when you'll be able to climax.
All right.
That was holy, holy unpleasant for me.
Your foot has got to get back into the DMZ.
I'm sitting in the fucking splash zone of justice.
You need to move your foot.
I've touched it twice now and I hate, I hate, we started,
I tell people we started doing this podcast because we weren't communicating
with each other enough and I missed you guys.
That's 100% true.
I hate doing this.
It's the same room as you.
It is miserable.
I mean, when Griffin and I started recording, we still recorded from our separate bedrooms.
We were in the same apartment, two rooms apart.
We have to go into some places that require me to be rather free with my own sort of
psyche and sexuality, just like removing all the barriers.
Even as I'm saying that sentence, you're looking at me as I'm saying,
just stare straight ahead.
That would be excellent.
I'm just going to look at this grub hoe ad you had pulled up.
I'm just going to stare a hole through that.
Um, there are people, there are probably people who are tectonic sexual, right?
Do you think after that New Yorker piece came out, they were like,
we have to get up in the Pacific Northwest and get, just stay hard 24 seven,
I guess, just waiting for the big one.
Oh man.
Cause it's going to be, according to that article, it's going to be like three uninterrupted minutes.
That's going to feel so good.
Oh, you guys, this explains why I win.
I went to see San Andreas.
There was like one other person in there who just kept winking at me.
I get it.
That was The Rock.
That was, that was Dwayne.
That was The Rock, the Dwayne Johnson.
Known tectosexual.
He was saying, thanks.
Yeah, I made it.
I made this one for free.
This one was for Dwayne.
What if The Rock did show up at screenings of his movies that he just went from person to person
like, excuse me, excuse me.
It's me, The Rock.
Um, how are you enjoying the picture?
Is there anything I can improve on next time?
Thanks.
Here's a, here's a coupon for Wendy's.
Thanks for taking this brief survey.
I got this coupon the last time I went.
I'm never going to use it.
The Rock is Dave Thomas.
Did you know that?
Yeah.
I read about it on the blogs.
He looks really good.
I recently went to a wedding in which I bought a few gifts off the registry for the soon-to-be
married couple, as you do.
Oh, it's a quick sidebar.
Do you guys ever have a set amount in mind that you want to spend on a gift registry?
And the things that are about that price are already taken.
So you end up buying like five really terrible things just to get to that dollar amount.
I got you some napkins and some napkins.
There's four forks you wanted and these cups.
I got you one piece of the crystalware set.
Hopefully somebody else is going to swoop in there.
I hope it.
Anyway, the issue being here is that within three months they'd already filed for divorce
and were officially divorced shortly thereafter.
Is there a time limit or protocol for returning gifts?
Wait, what?
I don't believe that a marriage doesn't extend beyond six months or possibly should be able
to keep the thousands in cash and gifts they receive.
That's from malevolent matrimony in Milwaukee.
What the fuck are you talking about?
You know that Seinfeld's off the air, right?
You don't have to pitch episodes.
What are you talking about?
Give me my stemware back.
What are you talking about?
I have the answer.
There's no answer required.
This isn't a thing.
I've got the answer, Griffin.
I've got the answer.
Please let me give the answer.
Please.
Yeah, please.
I want it now.
The answer is the same amount of time that the government requires that a couple stay
married in green card cases.
I don't know how long that is, mind you.
Get federal on this.
You don't know how long it is.
But however long.
Somebody do a quick doodle.
As many times as you've watched the film Green Card?
As many times as you spent your life remembering the episodes of Wings in which Helen married
Antonio Scarpacci for his green card and then they eventually got divorced.
But oh, no, he didn't actually turn in the paperwork.
So then she wasn't able to marry Timothy Daly's character whose name was.
You remembered so much about you remembered so much about the Wings story arc, but not
the name of one of the main characters.
What's his name?
I think his name was Pilotson.
Brian was his brother.
I think it was Mark Pilotson.
I remember Roy, I remember Roy.
How do I not remember Tim Daly's character?
Nobody's going to remember this story arc of my brother, my brother and me, because
they're going to stop listening, thinking about remembering and talking about the podcast
after this.
I remember Helen.
Helen had a sister who was Amy Yazbeck.
OK, you guys check back in with me.
Man, I had this whole thing.
Lied about Wings.
No, about Green Card, and I was going to say, like, you always talk about what a big
Def R.
Dude you are and what a big fan of his.
And then I didn't get to say it because you are this stupid.
Oh, but wait.
Oh, but wait.
You just did.
I just got it in, I guess.
If Travis wants to.
Anybody else have any things that they wanted to say during the episode, but like somebody
else cut them off and then just like.
But I'm really enjoying Travis's new bit, shitty Wikipedia.
Tim Daly played, I don't know, whatever, something.
Oh, I'm OK.
Like, I'm staring at Tim D.B. page.
OK, we're done with the episode.
This Yahoo answer that I'm going to read to you now is sent in by Drew Davenport.
Thank you.
Ya Drew Drew at Drew Davenport.
Joe is his name.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Slam dunk.
Three pointer from the half court line.
He's a large man.
All right.
What is at the bottom of my glass?
Can you give me that Sharpie so I can stir this up a little bit?
Is this what it's like for you when, like, nobody else is?
Or is this the you you are?
It's a whole carnival, man.
You're drinking a milk.
You're drinking a tall glass of milk booze and you're still in that beach life.
Oh, he just sucked that.
He just sucked the booze off the Sharpie.
He just put the Sharpie in his mouth and got the five characters from Cheers.
Norm, Cliff, Frazier, Lilith and Rebecca made appearances on Wings, but no characters from
Wings crossed over to any Cheers episodes, though Thomas Hayden Church, who played Lowell,
played an unrelated character on a Cheers episode prior to being cast on Wings.
All of this is getting cut out of the show.
Let me please, please, let's ask another question, please.
This Yahoo Answers is by Yahoo Answer user, Jackie, who asks,
I have only been a massage therapist.
What are you doing?
I'm reading the Yahoo.
Are you drunk?
No, are you?
All right.
Let's get this thing back on track, guys.
This Yahoo Answers by Yahoo Answers user, Jackie, who asks,
Puzzle of the Muscles?
Do you want to read it?
What?
Do you want to read it?
No, I don't want to read it.
Why do you think I want to read it?
Because you tried to.
Well, I just got confused about what we were doing.
I don't usually see them in front of me.
If I see a question, I just read it.
You just let it rip.
Travis.
Yes?
Do you remember the theme song to Wings?
I think it was like, boo-doo-boo, wings, wings, boo-doo-doo-doo, wings, wings, boo-doo-doo-doo,
wings, wings, boo-doo-doo-doo.
Wings, wings, boo-doo-doo-doo, wings, wings, boo-doo-doo-doo-doo, wings, wings, boo-doo-doo-doo-doo.
Brothers, brothers, flying planes, doodly-doodly-do.
I think there's a murder mystery episode this one time.
Tony Shalhoub went on to do the show Monk.
If I remember correctly, I don't have the lyrics in front of me.
Wings, wings, wings, wings, wings, wings, wings, wings, wings.
Planes going to China, never flew there before, who cares?
Oh, I don't know what to do with these toss-outs, I've scrambled wings.
Okay, sorry.
So.
Sorry.
All right. It actually went... Wings, wings, wings, wings, wings, wings, wings, wings, wings, wings, wings, wings.
Wings, wings, wings, wings.
Wings, wings, wings, wings, wings, wings, wings, wings.
Aaaaaah glorious.
So, this Yadru was sent in by,
it was asked by Jackie, who asks,
"'Puzzle of the muscles?'
I have only been a massage therapist for five months
and have been receiving guidance
from the lead therapist at my work.
She says that I should look over the muscles
of the body again to see how they run.
I joked saying that I should just make
a puzzle of the muscles.
Well, she really liked that idea
and now wants to see me make one.
How would I make a puzzle of the muscles?
Thanks.
You're gonna need to collect some muscles.
It's gonna be the tricky part.
That's gonna be number one.
It's gonna be getting your hands on some legal muscles.
Would you do a three-dimensional puzzle
or is it gonna be two-dimensional, just like for babies?
If you're using human muscle mass,
it's gonna be in three dimensions.
Here's the thing, you could do like a foam,
like a human analog, you know, Mythbusters-style thing,
but I feel like the consistency difference
of not actual flesh muscles would,
nobody's coming back to do it a second time.
You know what I mean?
Griff, your read on this is confusing to me.
I don't think this massage therapist guru
was instructing this person to create
a Hannibal-esque sculpture made of human muscles
that could be disassembled and reassembled.
You're now who's misunderstanding.
You're the misunderstand-er, sir,
because it's not gonna be a statue.
It's gotta be interactive.
There's gotta be an interactive sort of gameplay element
to it, because it's a puzzle,
and they want you to solve it.
It needs to be vaguely human,
but you have to work this thing out for yourself.
Maybe there's a word search in there somewhere.
Ooh, a jumble, a jumble of muscles.
A jumble of meat, but there's somewhere in there
is the word that's gonna unlock the triptych.
And Justin, there's a precedent for this.
You went to it, I think.
What was that museum exhibit with all the skin bodies?
It was bodies, yeah.
It's just like that, except interactive for kids.
You were not encouraged to disassemble
and reassemble those, that's ghoul.
Well, not encouraged, but they also slip them a fiver,
and you can do whatever you want.
No, I mean, you were actively discouraged
from disassembling and reassembling the muscles.
There's a big person that stands by each exhibit
to keep people from touching them,
to keep people from reassembling them into,
I don't know, a double man.
And they didn't have any kind of take-home version, or?
Most museums don't actually have a take-home version.
They do, no, but they have,
like you go in the gift shop and it's like,
here's a tiny Mona Lisa, here's a little David.
I mean, they sold Operation,
but I don't think that's the same thing.
Well, it's a Stark.
Thanks.
Let's do a different Yahoo, something with some more meat.
But I made that good joke.
This Yahoo is sent in by Ira Ray.
Are you Ira Ray?
Who wants to know?
Thank you, Ira Ray, it's by Yahoo Answers user.
Mysterious Griffin, but that's with YPH,
so it's not my brand.
Mysterious Griffin asks, homemade, in quotes,
homemade ways to replicate the look of a butt bra?
Wait, what?
I'm not talking about exercise, but about ways to dress.
I've seen butt bras online,
but these are expensive.
Are there any homemade ways
to replicate the look of a butt bra?
Update, I should have been more clear.
I feel like you're pretty explicit.
A butt bra lifts the buttocks.
It does not use padding at all.
I am not interested in padding, just lifting.
I would think padding would be so much easier.
Way easier.
Like way wicked easy.
Trying to like reshape,
like someone making a man-made lake,
trying to reshape the waters of your buttocks
into some sort of fashionable, fashionable visage.
May I be vulnerable for a moment?
I feel like you've been extremely vulnerable
this whole episode.
Thank you, Griffin.
I've seen, you're a raw wound.
How is a butt bra with no padding
that just lifts,
how is it different from like tight underpants?
Because it lifts and separates.
But is it like suspenders attached to underpants?
Like how are you getting the lifting action?
I'm assuming it's like a hammock.
I would imagine it's constructed like a hammock
with like, and it swoops over your shoulders
and around your neck,
sort of like you're hauling,
like a villager hauling water from the well.
It's like that same sort of contraption,
like a leather strap.
A front to back saddlebag.
Right, exactly, exactly.
Well, how do you recreate that without this?
How do you recreate that?
Because they're very,
they're imaginary and they're very expensive.
Maybe a belt wrapped around your neck.
Okay, so I just,
one problem that I've noticed with your plan so far.
Okay.
Is that's not safe.
It's not safe.
Well, it depends on your butt size.
If your butt's very heavy in a fashion
that's gonna make it choking sort of hazard,
you don't wanna do that.
How about a bungee cord with fish hooks on either end?
Oh my God.
And you're gonna get-
Jesus, saw five.
No, I'm just saying like you get down the bottom.
Okay, well maybe instead of fish hooks,
just like a really strong duct tape.
Is that better?
A little bit, but it's still not good.
Can you get little cross,
like a cross beam that goes from your thigh
that just sort of holds your butt up,
but then no through the pants.
It would look like you would have,
like an acute triangle in there.
You're gonna need a flying buttress.
Like a nice curve, hold that butt up.
And pun intended.
Was it?
Yep.
What about a-
I didn't emphasize it enough though.
Can I try it again?
A flying buttress.
Ah!
Oh no.
Um, can you get a sort of page or servant boy
to just sort of hold it up for you
that you walk around sort of like he's carrying your train.
I like that.
Is that-
You're gonna need two,
because what you're gonna need is like a two by four.
I don't think a small boy would be appropriate
because you're getting into some legal issues there.
Yeah.
I think you gotta get an Ewok
because they're exactly the right size.
You just slap your dress over the Ewok in the back
and have the Ewok go around like yub, yub,
just carrying your butt around.
Yep, Jubjub, you know the rules.
I'm trying to twerk over here.
So do the thing you do.
Do the thing you do to make me twerk artificially, Jubjub.
If you paid a, okay,
if you paid an Ewok in walnuts and stuff
to carry your butt around,
is there any chance he makes it through the entire night
without trying to stick his finger in your butt?
Like guarantee he tries to-
What the fuck?
Wait.
I'm just thinking about what I know of Ewoks.
They're mischievous.
Hold on.
That's what you know of Ewoks?
Like when they get a little bit frustrated
because they're not getting enough
like acorns and berries or whatever?
They're from the forest,
they're from the forest moon of Endor.
They eat walnuts and berries
and they love to finger blast you in the background.
Here's the problem though.
Do you give them all the acorns up front?
Do you give them to be in the light?
He blows his way through them.
It depends on what you want.
Because if you want an Ewok to turn you into a meaty puppet,
if you want an Ewok to turn you into a puzzle of muscles,
then you do give them all up front.
And he's like, well, I got paid.
So I can, now this is wicked.
Now this is wicked opportunity.
You gotta give them half up front and half at the end.
Like you're higher to hit man.
Yeah.
Hey Griffin.
Yeah.
Show me those wings again.
Show me those wings.
Don't waste another minute on your flyin'.
Minute on your flyin'.
What was it?
Don't waste another minute on your flyin'.
Flyin'.
Minute on your flyin'.
Minute on your flyin'.
Because it rhymes with cryin'.
One more time.
Don't waste another.
Maybe I hear where the wings are callin'.
Frazier.
Lol all over my face.
Wings.
What was that?
Seinfeld.
I thought it was actually a little bit of Doug.
Wings.
Let's go to the money zone.
And we've earned it.
Yeah.
ูุง Verp
You've probably already pooped your pants with laughter
at some of these great wings related bits in the show
and you're gonna need some new underwear.
Luckily we've got a hookup just for you.
It's Butt Bras, new sponsorship.
Nah, it's not.
It's MeUndies.com.
It costs less than one of the upper echelon butt bras.
It's about the price of a regular butt bra
that you get in a store.
It is admittedly slightly more expensive
than an entry-level butt bra.
Yeah, it's like a department store butt bra price.
Their tagline is department store butt bra price,
but higher echelon butt bra quality.
Meundies.com is committed to making
the world's most comfortable underwear.
And right now you can get 20% off your first order
when you go to MeUndies, that's M-E-Undies.com,
slash my brother.
And listen, if you don't love them,
your first pair is free.
We all wear them and we all are huge fans
and we've heard from like so many listeners who said,
these are the most comfortable underwear
I've ever worn, you guys, did not steer me wrong.
So you should definitely go get some of those.
So you're wearing great underwear from MeUndies.
Now what's next?
What are you gonna do?
Go to the, I wanna tell you guys about Basecamp.
Basecamp is a project management service software solution.
That's what they call it, the triple S.
And what it does is it helps you wrangle people
that are maybe doing different roles,
that have different responsibilities
and have different objectives,
and lets you get them all under one umbrella
and lead them towards a common goal,
finishing the project, getting it done.
Get it done.
And again, it runs on secure servers up in the cloud.
So you don't have to mess with anything technical.
They do all that for you.
If you're having a hard time just sort of getting,
hey, it's like wrangling ducks.
It's like herding ducks in here.
And it's like being pecked to death by ducks.
I would recommend that you go with Basecamp.
And if you're a listener to My Brother, My Brother and Me,
which you are, then you can try Basecamp for free
for two months at Basecamp.com slash My Brother.
Got a message on the Jumbotron, if you wanna
give a quick message to your business
or something to a friend,
you can go to Maximumfun.org slash Jumbotron.
This is, well, let's say about the Drunk and Ugly.
It's a podcast featuring over 400 episodes
of great storylines, hilarious characters
and more indie RPGs than you can shake a wizard's staff at.
You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll critically succeed
at being entertained.
Come check out the Drunk and Ugly actual play podcast.
Griffin, how can I find this great sounding show
with so many episodes?
All you gotta do is go to their website
at drunkandugly.com or just search
for Drunk and Ugly on iTunes.
You'll find it there.
400 episodes is a lot of episodes.
God, I hope we don't make it to 400.
I will consider a personal failure
if we make 400 episodes of this show.
We also have a message for Anna.
Oh.
Oh.
Go ahead, Drew.
No, go for it.
You have mispronounced the name.
I have, Anna, like the Frozen character.
It's from Liz.
I think the Frozen character's named Anna, isn't it?
I don't know anymore.
I'm all turned around.
Happy birthday, gig keeper.
Here's a poem for you recited by the McElroy brother
that is currently the closest geographically
or emotionally to Angela Lansbury.
That's actually correct.
Love you.
Your present from me is as late as can be.
So I hope you don't think I don't care.
I know that it's late, but I think that you're great
from your sis with the magical hair.
That's lovely.
That's lovely.
For a second, Travis,
I was wondering why you were reading that in that voice
and not in the voice of Angela Lansbury.
And then I realized I was thinking of Maya Angelou.
A lot of people get those two confused.
That's two different people.
The most different. Very different people, yeah.
Both powerful women.
Sexy, strong.
Hi, I'm Julie Sabatier, host of Rendered.
It's a show about making meaning and breaking rules.
We're answering important questions like,
can you build a space suit in your living room?
I went to my brother's place in Beaverton
and he has a swimming pool and I pressurized the suit
and sat down there underwater for about 10 minutes.
The thing that I had built was supporting my life.
That felt really good.
What does it sound like when you play a polka record
through a styrofoam cup?
And what happens when an airport carpet
gains a cult following?
Oh my goodness, the carpet has an Instagram.
Check out Rendered now at MaximumFun.org
or wherever you like to listen to podcasts.
My fiancee and I are in the process
of planning our wedding.
We're pretty in sync with most of the decisions so far,
including trying to get a famous person
to attend the wedding.
However, we have different strategies.
I say we should cast a wide net
by inviting multiple big celebrities
and hope that one is free that day.
He thinks we should only invite one lesser known
but still recognizable celebrity
as they'll be flattered and definitely show it.
Who has the fail-proof plan?
That's from RSV Please Help.
Dear Kevin Sorbo, I'm inviting you to our wedding
and it's important that you know
that you are the only famous person we've invited.
We are putting all of our eggs in the sore basket.
Are you worried that you'll get a response
from Kevin Sorbo who's like,
I was just talking to French Stewart
and he said you invited him too.
What the fuck, Steve?
Or they both show up
and you don't have enough chicken to go around.
I only plan on one of you showing up.
Bro, if Sorbo shows up,
there's not gonna be enough chicken to go around.
That fool will eat all the chicken in the place.
He eats up all the chicken that you got on your shelf.
So just let him introduce himself.
He's Kevin, the chicken boy Sorbo.
He loves chicken.
He won't even be done with your vows.
You'll hear a clatter and a clang in the kitchen.
What is that?
It's Kevin Sorbo eating.
What do you mean this is all the chicken you have?
Chicken boy, we haven't even cooked that shit yet.
Sorbo.
I just imagine those thoughts from Kevin Sorbo
is like, here's my standard contract.
I'll show up two seconds before the vows,
I'll listen to one of you do the vows,
then I'm on that chicken.
I need at least 30 pounds.
The worst part is he eats the bones
and then calls them Sorbo's.
That makes it okay.
And that's crazy is that he somehow,
and nobody's been able to figure this out,
science, religion, nobody's been able to figure this out yet.
He eats the bones and he adds them to his skeleton.
And don't offer that fool any Sorbet.
He will fucking lose his mind.
Yeah, I get it.
He looks like Doomsday at this point.
Chicken bones emitting from his skin,
like some sort of a chitin.
Why is Kevin, here's what I don't get.
Where is he putting it all?
Because I've seen Kevin Sorbo eat five whole chicken bones.
He goes home and he feeds it to his chicks.
Wait, that's weird.
To the baby Sorbo's.
Okay, he creates a pellet in his gullet, right?
It gets mushed up with the rocks that he's eaten earlier.
And then he goes home to the baby Sorbo's.
And mama birds it in.
And mama birds it into his baby Sorbo's.
If you cut one of those,
if you cut one of those eboluses,
like eolus from Hercules,
cut one of those open,
you can tell how old Kevin Sorbo is.
The answer is 615 years old.
It's the bones.
He looks so young.
It's the bones.
I heard when the bird flu was going around in China,
he didn't leave his house for three weeks.
He was terrified.
Yeah.
He started stockpiling.
Why would you want a famous person?
That would be the most uncomfortable thing ever, right?
To have just a stranger at you.
You would be constantly worrying about,
is Kevin Sorbo having a good time?
And you're gonna neglect every other person at that wedding
if Sorbo's there.
You do not need the distraction.
Trust me on this.
There is a better way to go about this,
and that is contact all of your guests and say,
now, we're so glad that you guys are able to make it great.
Do you have any personal connections
to a famous person you could bring with you?
Oh, okay.
If it's Kevin Sorbo.
So that way, like somebody else is responsible for it,
but they're there.
Here, to answer the question concretely,
which we so rarely are able to do,
the one of you that is right
is the one who says that you should cast a wide net,
because we are some of the least famous people
that you will meet,
and we have gotten wedding invitations
that we have not executed on.
So I think that casting a wide net is probably good,
just like hope Cheech Marin is in the neighborhood.
Less famous than us.
Less famous than us is what I'm saying.
And that's not a big circle of people.
No, there's not a lot of people.
It's just us, Cheech Marin, and Kevin Sorbo.
I had a Yahoo. The new Beatles.
Justin can attest to this.
I was sitting here,
and I accidentally clicked the refresh button
on one of my Yahoos.
And that's a shame,
because I lost the name of the person that sent it in.
Not only that, it's been deleted
while we were sitting here.
It's been moderated.
Do you remember the subject? It was John from Durham
was the person who sent it in.
I saw that much.
But I didn't see the actual,
didn't actually see the question.
Shit, birds.
Can't believe this.
I can't, but do you remember the subject?
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, Griffin is using Google's spider crawlers
to view a cached version.
Wow, you're going deep for this one.
I did it, I recovered the data.
You're out in Silk Road picking this up.
John Durham, a bunch of people actually sent this in.
But the first, as far as I can tell, is John Durham.
There has been, I-
Sorry about using your whole name, by the way,
John Durham.
Yeah, it's okay.
He knows what he was getting into.
I neglect people sometimes,
because I get a lot of multiple submissions
of the same question,
and I just pick one at random.
And last week I did that to poor Rachel Sperling twice,
and I felt so bad about it.
And it was just luck of the draw.
It's just luck of the draw.
Now I'm trying to come up with a more equitable solution,
which is first in gets the name treatment.
Got it.
So John Durham or Dunham, fuck.
Jeff Dunham.
Jeff Dunham sent this one in.
Thanks, I love all your racist puppets.
It's by Yahoo Answers.
Well, I'm not gonna know who did it,
because the question's been deleted.
So you should just be happy that I'm gonna be able
to read the question to you at all.
You selfish prick.
Got him.
My boyfriend, to be, keeps on giving me the head lice.
About two months ago, I found some head lice in my hair.
The morning after someone I'm dating slept at my place.
I did the treatment the same day.
Two weeks later, slept together again.
And I found living lice again.
It happened again yesterday.
Then I got the treatment again.
And today it was, well, that's four lices.
That's four different lice events.
What should I do?
We're not close enough to talk about that.
But I'm pretty sure he's the one giving them to me,
tired of doing treatments
and changing tons of sheets after we're sleeping.
I thought about telling him I got them somehow.
And in a responsible way, I'm telling him,
but I'm afraid he'll be turned off by me.
Please help me, frowny face.
This is-
Turn off by you?
He's the lice guy.
This is a tale as old as time.
We get this question every week,
where people say, I'm sleeping with someone,
but at what point is it time to say, I know you have lice?
You know what I mean?
Like, yes, we will engage in intercourse
and sleep in the same bed together,
but we're not quite at the place
where we're comfortable talking about each other's head lice.
And he's probably very embarrassed about it.
Here's what drives me crazy,
is you've done four of these treatments.
If he does one, he's probably good to go at that.
I don't think he is that embarrassed, Griffin.
I'm saying maybe that's what he thinks
he's bringing to the table.
Listen, I don't have a great personality.
I'm not very rich, but you know what I do have?
Head full of lice.
A billion little fingers to please you.
Oh, God.
We're gonna share this together, baby.
Go, go, my little- You and me and the lice.
My little sexual servant.
Hey, baby.
Oh, I'm going to- My nanobot.
I'm gonna sit down my nanobots
to please your every crevice.
Hey, baby, have you seen Ant-Man?
There's something way worse than that.
Call me Lice Bryce.
Lice Bryce, Ant-Man's shitty brother.
Oh, Lice Bryce.
I only use my powers for sexual pleasure.
Oh, God.
Maybe you're giving it to each other on alternating days.
One of you does the treatment, gives the other one lice,
that one doesn't does the treatment,
then you give him back the same lice.
The lice are just bouncing back and forth between your heads.
Is it weird that what I'm taking away from this question
is how many times you have to sleep together
before you transition from boyfriend-to-be to boyfriends?
Yeah, I think you sound a little judgmental
talking about that.
I've also never described anyone as my girlfriend-to-be.
Well, Trav, I think if somebody gave me lice four times,
I'd probably keep him in the maybe column.
I don't know.
Keep him on the bench for a little while.
I don't know, Mom.
He's great.
I really have a great time with him.
But there is the lice thing.
Bryce can take me to pound town like no other.
There's just one issue.
Mom.
Mom, is he's got little nanobots.
The pound town is out of control.
The nanobots, I could take or leave.
So, honey, are we ready to take this thing
to the next level or what?
That depends.
Did you buy a box of RID?
Because if so, then yes.
But until you treat your sexual army,
I think we're gonna have to keep this in limbo.
My boys?
I'll never, stop trying to change me, woman.
That is true.
You know, that's a bad sign.
If someone can accept you just the way you are,
head lice and all.
It says lice, Bryce, on my personalized license plate
and lice, Bryce, I shall remain.
My license plate.
He didn't call it that because the word is in there.
No, that was too bad.
That was too much.
Standing tall on the wings of my dreams.
That one already had it in it.
That one just works.
It was already in there.
As is.
How's this episode been?
We left a comment card on your table.
If you could fill that out for us, that would be great.
If you see a comment card appearing on your Zune right now
or your iPod, just fill that out for us
and mail it back if you don't mind.
I thought it was pretty good.
We probably have some listeners with lice
that didn't appreciate some of those jokes.
Do you know that I have been sitting here for 20 minutes
trying to remember the fucking theme song
of Who's the Boss?
And I'll even keep coming up with this.
Who's the boss?
Who's the boss?
Baby, who's the boss?
Who's the boss, baby?
And then I would have to do a parody of like what?
You can count on wings.
No matter where you fly.
Oh shit, your baby's sleeping.
Not anymore.
Another baby nap ruined by wings.
What's your earliest memory?
I remember my uncle Griffin singing a parody.
Well, and by parody, I mean he was singing the song
in My Two Dads, but he just worked the word wings in there
because it's a name of another.
Why would he do that?
I don't know.
They have this shitty podcast.
I think it was their last episode.
Do you remember podcasts?
No, I don't.
I don't, I don't.
Patent Trolls shut them all down.
Hand me another electric burger.
I do remember when my-
Because this is the future.
Okay, but in the future, oh wait, how long are we?
Okay, electric burgers, I shall grant you,
but the psychiatrist just has electric burgers right there.
I didn't realize we were at a psychiatrist.
I thought it was just two people stealing the shit
down at the electric burger shack.
I didn't bring you into the psychiatrist portion
of the bit, sorry.
I thought I had explained that.
I was just in my mind's eye.
Wouldn't you call them Cyburgers?
Oh man, that's the point.
No, Cyburgers is the place across the street
that's putting electric burgers out of business.
They just have a much better name.
Yeah, you know, big business is shutting down
mom and pop electric burgers stands all over the country.
This is the plot of Good Burger 2024,
which is the sci-fi post-apocalyptic remake.
Any other ones?
I feel like we haven't done Family Matters,
step by step, wings by wings.
So there's another one, just throw it up on the bonfire.
They're brothers, identical brothers, but they're not.
They walk alike, they talk alike,
snarls even if I like, what a crazy wings.
Well, they happen to predict the bill of wings.
The wings man, the winger boy, even winged wings.
And in my opinionation of wings, wings, wings,
wings, wings, wings, wings, wings, wings, wings.
Blossom.
Do you guys like my?
Da, da, da, da, da, da, wings.
Let's coach.
I don't think we should do instrumentals anymore.
I think it's harder.
Yeah, you're right.
I don't think it reads as well.
I just went for coach and I actually booted up.
I booted up the joke coach parody with wings in it.
And then it didn't load in.
The music didn't load in until I already opened my mouth.
I keep that in my RAM apparently.
I keep the coach theme just ready to access.
I wish that was a scene in Inside Out.
Always thinking about the coach theme again.
Grab the bobble.
Grab it.
Oh shit, we dropped it.
That's fine.
No one's ever, no one has any reason to need that.
Should we stop doing the show?
Did we start?
Take us to the bridge.
You're just fucking looking at me.
Are you turnt on your milk juice?
No, I'm trying to think of other sitcom themes.
Okay, we're gonna wrap it up.
But first, before we do that,
I wanna say thanks again to MeUndies
who are dedicated to offering the most comfortable underwear
and that it's not a lie.
That's not Hollywood bullshit.
That's real.
If you go to meundies.com slash my brother,
you get 20% off your first order.
You should already be wearing MeUndies now.
Go.
So no one told you planes were gonna fly this way.
We did some twinks.
You did five.
We've got upcoming live shows.
Oh, yeah, I forget.
Yeah, Seattle and Vancouver.
You still have a chance to come see us
at the end of August last weekend.
If you go to bit.ly forward slash MBMBAM van
or bit.ly forward slash MBMBAM, no, sorry.
Bit.ly forward slash van MBMBAM
or bit.ly forward slash MBMBAM Seattle.
And it's not just us.
You can go buy tickets.
Sawbones will be there as well.
It's gonna be a full night of comedy.
And if you play your cards right,
you might even be able to see baby Charlie.
And she's the cutest baby.
Siddy's sister Riley is gonna turn 15
when we're in Vancouver.
It's gonna get crazy in Canada.
She can legally drink.
Legally drink.
She can legally smoke weed.
We've got another live show coming up in September.
We can't give you all the details just yet.
What?
The DLs?
The details.
I'm sorry.
We can't give you all the duck tales just yet,
but it's gonna be awesome.
And if you play your cards right,
no matter where in the country or the world even you are,
you may be able to watch it.
So we're working on that.
We'll let you know once we have everything squared away.
We're gonna have a simultaneous IMAX satellite presentation.
Oh, that makes way more sense.
I thought we'd just have people acting it out in every city.
Wait, what did they say?
Okay, so hold on.
Guys, stick with me here.
And in my opinionation,
wings and a-
I lost it.
Do you guys, that's nothing.
The bit rate isn't high enough.
This doesn't make any sense.
Also, we put out our Totino's episode,
and I hope to God you've already listened to it
before the censors make us take it down
for being too zesty.
Yeah, that was our high,
did you guys know that was our highest episode download,
single episode download day ever?
We got the Totino's bump.
We got that Totino's bump.
Thank you, Totino's.
Thank you to John Roderick and The Long Winters
who used our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Put in the Days,
you bet it's a terrific album
that you should go listen to.
And if you live in Seattle,
you should look up his platform.
He's run for city council.
I think like eighth district.
Go check out his platform
and then maybe think about voting for him in this election.
You should also go check out
all the other amazing Max Fund shows.
They're all incredible.
That's gonna do it for us.
Griffin, do you have a final Yahoo for us
to take us home,
something to talk about over the week
and then we'll answer it next week?
Yes, take this in your craw.
It's from YadruDruDruDavenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by YadruAnswersUser.
Smacklyod16 who asks,
present ideas for someone who likes pizza, butts,
and goats.
I'm Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother.
May kiss your dads.
Gware on the lips.
You forget?
Duck wings.
Woo. There it is.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hello, I'm Taco, the elephant magician.
Merle Highchurch here,
the master of clerical magic.
I'm Magnus Burnside, the fighter.
Did you guys like that?
Did you, the listener, like that?
You were just swept up in a world
of high fantasy and magic
where anything can happen and anything is possible.
Hi, I'm Griffin McElroy,
Dungeon Master for The Adventure Zone,
a new podcast on Maximum Fun
in which magic and mystery intertwine
for a very erotically charged role-playing experience.
You can catch it every other Thursday
here on MaximumFun.org or iTunes.
It's for Dungeons and Dragons, but with family.
