The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
All right, get ready to sail the seven seas of comedy with my brother of a brother meeting
advice show for the modern era brought to you by Pirates of the Caribbean now on Stranger's
Hide.
And I'm Davy Jones Coulier, who's the dark pirate of comedy.
Cut it out or you walk the plank.
So we're three pirates of comedy.
We've sailed under Jack Sparrow for lo these many years aboard the Black Pearl, taking
in his tutelage and this is a theme podcast.
His high seas tutelage.
This is brought to you, of course, by the new Disney picture.
I think it's going to be a big smash.
It's Pirates on Stranger Tides.
We, in the know, just call it Pirates because what else could you be talking about?
I call it P4 because I'm a real fan.
Are you going to P4 this weekend?
You know it.
I thought the real fans didn't count three, so this would technically be P3 in the canon.
In the canon, spelled with two Ns because we're just so crazy about pirate ships.
All aboard for hilarity.
So this is a device show, of course, obviously.
We take your questions and turn them, like using the magic of the mysterious island of
Tortuga, into wisdom.
Like the witchcraft of Teodolma.
Here we go.
A torch of destiny.
I'm just going to say that every time somebody asks.
My girlfriend refuses to make decisions.
From things like, what should we do, eat, watch tonight, if you're still figuring out
what to watch tonight?
Why is it just Pirates of the Caribbean 4 on Stranger Tides P4?
To things like, where would you like to go on vacation?
Or which apartment should we lease?
Tortuga is the spot.
I get the same, up to you, matey, response.
I try to counter with, no, no, it's up to you this time, or similar, but at some point
a decision has to be made.
How can I force my girlfriend to decide on things from time to time to also indecisive
in Coral Springs?
Make her walk the plank.
That's A.
Step one.
Here's an interesting idea.
Here's something that's going to kind of blow your mind.
She already has told you.
Like is not.
She has already told you where she wants to eat, but now it's a puzzle that you've got
to piece together from the past two days.
You have to reassemble the clues and figure out-
So are you saying if she mentioned sushi the day before, you need to say sushi?
When she says, oh, whatever you want, in her head she's screaming, remember when I said
sushi?
Please remember when I said sushi?
Is that really that special to her, you think?
Just is it more special that he remembers that like a week ago they watched P4, and
so like now-
Now that she wants seafood?
Wants Long John Silver's.
Well I think that, I think it's broader than that.
I think it's like, you need to remember that she's allergic to shellfish and not take her
to Red Lobster.
Well, bitch, I don't think he's going to take her to a place where he's going to kill her.
That's probably implied in like the off the table choices.
Just like I don't go to the stab restaurant anymore because I hate getting stabbed.
Like it's probably the same thing.
Oh, but their croutons are so good.
They are so good.
They do that thing with the herbs.
I don't know what it is.
It's something in the oil and it's delicious and it almost makes getting shivved with it.
I'll tell you what it is.
Before they serve that oil, they stab it.
Yeah.
They stab the oil and it really opens it up.
If you do carry out, they'll just cut your inner thigh like someplace easy to hide.
Yeah.
And not super deep or like a surface.
I appreciate that.
Yeah.
We can't go to that restaurant anymore.
No.
Yeah.
I don't care how good this crouton is.
I go to that restaurant just to feel.
Can we go to Shooties instead?
Shooties is good.
There is a surprisingly high prices though, which for a restaurant where you get shot
a lot, I don't understand that.
Can we go to some of this food is poisoned?
That used to be way better, but it got out by Denny's and now it's way too corporate.
I think all that fake kitsch on the wall where it's not like, you know, it's like, take
my wife, please, ha ha ha, signs.
You know how Denny's has baconalia now?
Uh huh.
Yeah.
That was an innovation inspired by some of this food is poison.
Oh.
Yeah.
Some of this food.
Little food facts for you.
Some of this food was poison.
The challenge there was actually the best and last episode of Man vs. Food.
I miss him still.
I don't know why their challenge was to eat all the poisoned food and I don't know why
he accepted it, but here we are.
Also decisive in Coral Springs, that is part one of the advice.
Part two is just start deciding my man.
And I would suggest this, maybe purposefully make some wrong choices until she steps up
her game.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm saying like when she's like, where do you want to eat?
There's be like McDonald's every time she's like, maybe I'll decide tonight.
And you're like, okay.
You know that there are a sponsor this week, right?
Oh, that's awkward.
Yeah.
Just kidding.
Go.
It's just saying, just take her out.
Because it's delicious.
Go get some big and tasties and shove them in your mouth.
So go ahead and make those choices.
It may just be hard for her to decide and that's a facet of her personality that you've
got to sort of learn to incorporate.
But also listen to her because she will probably drop hints if you pay attention.
And a lot of times that's more important than what the food ends up being is sort of
knowing that you were there for her.
And maybe rather than like one of you making a decision, you can provide options and be
like, well, would you rather have, are you thinking like sushi or are you thinking like
maybe go to like a steakhouse or something and then let her say, well, I'm not really
feeling in the mood for sushi and make it a discussion rather than one of you has to
make the decision.
Break right up with her.
Okay.
That would be a decision.
Certainly.
Life is too short to suffer indecisive people.
Just tell me what you want, Catherine.
What you really, really, really want.
I'm 30 year old dude in rural Kentucky and I have a hard time meeting and maintaining
relationships with women because I'm an open atheist.
I'm not confrontational about my lack of belief, but I don't hide it either.
Whenever a prospective lady friend asks if I will go to church with her or just how much
I love the sweet Lord, baby Jesus, I have to tactfully answer in the negative.
Then I get dumped.
At this point, it has gotten demoralizing.
I know the remedy for my love life would be more urban and educated area, but I'm unwilling
to leave my family in the lurch just so I can have some female companionship.
What say you brothers three?
Can you shed some insight on my lack of apostate lovin', Wes?
I think you should move to a more rural area.
Yeah.
A lot of people always eliminate the super easy options, like we can just knock this
out of the park.
Like you need to move to where there are more people like you, like in your situation.
Or learn to keep your mouth shut.
Kind of.
One of those two things.
Keep your fucking mouth shut.
Hey, how about this?
When people start talking about how much they love Jesus, why don't you just go in the
other room and make yourself, I don't know, whatever atheists eat.
Like make yourself that.
Why?
An empty sandwich.
An empty sandwich.
I feel like you guys are ignoring the easiest solution, which is to accept the love of sweet
Jesus baby in your heart.
Jesus came on a rocket ship and landed in Kansas low these 33 years ago.
He was raised by Mom Pa Kent to save us all from Krypton and from Lex Luthor, and I think
we should all believe in him because he's flying up above us, waving down.
In space.
And also Green Lantern is there.
Green Lantern is hanging out with him.
Who's that?
Thor is hanging out and they're having God talk.
Just chatting about God stuff.
Yeah.
My three gods.
My three gods are Green Lantern, Superman, and Thor.
That's my favorite TV show.
It's my favorite.
My three gods.
Yeah.
It's a pretty good show.
Wes, there are many people that I know that I've known for, I don't know, almost a decade
that I, if you put a gun to my head, could not tell me their religious beliefs.
Yep.
That's the thing.
You say you're not being confrontational, and I believe that you're not, but I also
believe that you're maybe being more vocal about it than you have to be.
Yeah.
You just gotta keep your mouth shut about it.
And like, if you get to a point where-
So who else here hates Jesus, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right?
That crosses a load of baloney, right?
Like, what are you doing?
I, yeah, I mean, like, just keep your, just don't talk about it.
And that advice, really, like, I kind of think that extends to everybody.
Like, it's such a, if alcohol is a social lubricant, then religion is like social silly
putty.
It just gums up everything, and no real, like, super productive, fun talk can come out of
that.
Because the thing is, once you bring it up, that's all you're talking about for like
the next hour and a half until somebody gets up and walks away from the table.
Yeah.
Here's what I think.
If you're an atheist, it means you don't believe in any god, make up a god.
Another one.
They gotta respect that.
Yeah.
And also, Wes, look at it this way.
If you're with a girl that's gonna break up with you because she believes something
different than you, you don't want to be with her anyways.
But you're saying he's gotta get his nut off, but he's gotta get his nut off, and he doesn't
know where to find girls that will take him.
Get his nut off?
Excuse me?
Pardon me?
He's gotta get his seed out, and he can't find girls that-
His one, is it his nut or his seed?
You're throwing down a lot of arboreal references right now.
He's gotta plant-
He's gotta germinate his stamen and or pistols.
He's gotta drop some sap, won't that be?
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah.
Okay.
Give me.
This one is sent in by Steve Lewis.
Thank you, Steve Lewis.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, oh great.
Listen to the Easter Platypus who asks, how long do you think it would take for someone
wearing a Batman suit to be thrown out of the mall?
Do you think he might get away with it for a couple minutes at least if he pretends to
be there to promote something Batman related, so he hands out flyers or something?
Well I think the factor we're ignoring there is the security guard assuming that that is
Batman.
Yeah, he could just be like, oh thank God, somebody to help me carry the burden.
Holy fuck.
Guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, Batman Paul Blart crossover comic coming this fall from
Dark Lord.
Paul Blart Dark Knight, Crisis on Infinite Sandwiches.
I like the image of this guy fervently typing this into his phone as he walks into the mall
in a Batman costume.
I try, guys, listen.
Update, 23 minutes.
23 minutes.
23 minutes, no one has taken me out yet.
I honestly think that if you showed up to the mall dressed as Batman, the amount of
time you could walk around dressed as Batman is infinite.
I don't think anybody's going to be like, get out of here Batman.
Now unless you're like Batman with like a crotchless costume, you're not getting booted
out of the mall for dressing like Batman.
Do they sell this?
You're going to get looked.
I don't want to talk about it.
Let me reach in my utility belt.
What's this?
It's my bat bow.
I've only got one tool, but it's good for everything.
This is my utility dog.
I can't tell you how happy I am right now picturing Batman in Bed Bath and Beyond.
With his dick hanging out?
Where are your facial scrubbers?
Why are you hanging out with Batman with his dick hanging out, Travis?
This isn't the loofah I deserve, but it's the loofah I need.
Why are you in the mall in a Batman costume, sir?
Pardon me, sir.
Can you explain your whole situation to me?
I'm not trying to kick you out.
I'm worried about you.
I just want to know.
I want to get to the bottom of this.
You're the world's greatest detective, and I want you to explain this mystery to me.
Why are you in Petland?
Why are you in Petland, Batman?
If I see Batman, I'm running the opposite direction because wherever he is, the penguin
can't be far behind.
He knows what shadows hide in the hearts of men.
Nope.
Nope.
That's not it at all.
If you see a guy dressed as a shadow at the mall, oops, he's a hobo.
That's your mistake.
That's on you.
If he tries to control your mind, well, they all have to.
Can we go back and just really explore that Paul Blart-Mall-Cut-Batman crossover?
Because I think there's a lot of room for-
So are you talking like Paul Blart as Batman, or like a team-up power deal?
I'm talking about team-up.
I'm talking about a match-up maybe, but maybe like Bane comes in and breaks Batman's
back, and then Paul Blart has to put on the mantle, only it doesn't fit because Christian
Bale's like cut and ripped, and Kevin James is like super fat.
And there's like a montage of him trying to fit it into the costume to the sound of
like, I don't know, maybe Brick House or something?
I think it would just be like a tuba.
And also for some reason, Jonah Hill is his sidekick.
Yeah, Jonah Hill would be his Robin.
Well, could we do Robin?
We might get extra comedy if it's Batgirl.
It's, hey, Jonah Hill's cross-dressing you guys.
What if we get Alicia Silverstone?
Uh-huh.
Oh, okay.
Well, that's kind of on the nose, but I guess we could get her.
What's she doing?
I think it would be interesting if we did like Batman, colon, Generations, and so we
had Alicia Silverstone as Batgirl, and we had Christian Bale, and then-
So you're saying, okay, okay, okay, okay.
Dane DeVito, Penguin.
All these guys are fighting a war of crime inside of Paul Bart's mall.
Okay.
Oh, and it turns out that Paul Bart is Batman from the future.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So they will pass, if I understand your Generations concept, what you're saying is that at some
point in the narrative, Batman will become unable to do his job, and he will pass the
suit on to Paul Bart, who will fit into it in a tube of music, and then Batgirl will
become incapacitated, and Jonah Hill will have to take the Batgirl costume and rise
up as Batgirl.
Is that what you're saying?
Yes.
What I'm saying is Bane has two knees.
He's gonna crack Christian Bale, gonna crash loose to Silverstone, and then where are those
cowls going other than the sweet and chubby heads of Jonah Hill and Kevin James?
Okay.
So who does, what happens at the, do they fight the same penguin, or does the penguin
get passed on to somebody else?
The penguin's played by Ed Helms.
The penguin gets passed on to Ed Helms, Bane is the Hulk, Hulk Hogan.
Okay.
Okay, sure.
I want you to know right now I'd see this movie.
I would watch, why, where are the advertisers for a movie like this?
Why can't this be the sort of thing they're putting in the multiplex?
I would watch a Batman movie that is nothing but two hours of Arnold Schwarzenegger making
Mr. Freeze puns.
Chill.
I'm going to Orange Julius.
I hope they put ice in my drink.
Like that's the level of puns that we're talking about.
Yeah.
Just saying, him saying ice in different ways.
I'm going to Jared to get some ice, I mean diamonds.
It was ice to meet you.
Yeah, that's actually one that they say in the movie.
Oh, burn in hell, really?
I scream, you scream, we all scream for cold stone ice cream.
Can you cut more ice into my ice cream?
That's my top, that's my big sin.
I had an illegitimate child.
Oh, that's who Mr. Freeze can be.
Mr. Freeze can be played by Arnold Schwarzenegger's 10 year old love baby.
The baby shorts?
Yeah.
Baby shorts.
Is that 10?
Is that thing 10?
Yeah, it's 10.
And then we're out there.
There's like a super cut 10 year old just getting real.
What is his future?
10 years though, that's a good job.
Getting cast in a major Hollywood movie.
No, I'm saying 10 years keeping a secret love child on the down low for 10 years.
Oh, Travis.
He's already got a job in Batman Generations.
Or on the flip side, maybe he's right now walking around a wall wearing a Batman costume
and sending in questions to Yahoo.
What is the best thing in life to maybe see a boob someday?
Hey, NBNB AM, I have a problem.
Whenever I meet a lady, I'm usually very funny.
Oh, good.
That lasts for a few months until it becomes more serious, at which I'm extremely nice
but dull.
Now I was never not nice to the ladies, but when it is less serious, I worry less about
offending them.
How do I bring back the funny but not offend them Gmail?
Wait, do you realize that there's a difference between when like a relationship gets serious
and when you have to get serious, you can still be funny.
Nope.
It's not like we're dating now.
Let's talk about death.
It's like putting on, it's putting on like comedy sweatpants.
You just give up.
Like no more comedy makeup or comedy curling your hair.
You're just, you're just laying out some conkers and calling it a day.
So are we dating now?
Cause I'm just about out of Napoleon Dynamite references.
Love only makes you less funny.
That is why I have remained single for so many, so many years.
It's for the show.
He's a, he's a chuckle monk basically.
I am a chuckle monk.
I am, uh, I am silly, but boy, I need to go write that down real quick.
Don't do it.
Yeah.
Hey, I got another, I got, I got another point I came up with.
What's that?
Check this one out.
Diabetes.
Hey, right?
Pretty good.
Um, yeah, that's, I mean, that's, I mean, that's for real.
If I would lose the jokes, I would pull a fucking Eddie Murphy, holy man, like full
on 180 career shift.
Yeah.
And all of a sudden you're doing haunted mansion and meet Dave.
Uh huh.
And why?
Cause I've got kids now.
Hey kids, come laugh at haunted mansion.
What's this?
Beverly Hills cop?
No, put that down.
Put that down.
You're too young for that.
Kids are the kryptonite to a funny career.
Did Mike Myers get kids before he did love guru?
Is that what happened?
It would explain a lot.
I, yeah, I, I think that's, that's so true when you see a movie and it's like, I want
to do something my kids could watch.
It's like, why are your kids want to watch shitty stuff or are you letting watch?
You know what?
You know what?
If you want your kids to be cool, let them watch trading places cause that would make
for a cool kid.
When, when I become a movie star and I make a shitty movie, my explanation in the interview
is going to be, I wanted to make something that I could make my kids watch when they
misbehave.
I need to have a, a punishment tool.
Now you have to watch meet Dave.
You sit down.
With your friends.
Your friends are going to watch it with you.
You sit down.
You're getting, you, you wrote on the walls with crayons.
You're watching Pluto Nash.
Come on in here.
Strap in.
This hurts me more than it hurts you.
We're doing a back to back of RV followed by RV and then I'm just going to talk to you
for 30 minutes cause nothing could be worse than that.
Hey, speaking of this, this is what your, your, uh, pattern in relationships is exact
same tack adopted by Robin Williams and the American public.
You try to be funny for like the first third and then you just, just give up and sort of
plunk it.
You keep, I think we've talked about this before, but it's the idea of if you are putting
on like a personality to impress someone in the beginning of your relationship, eventually
you're going to drop that.
Just be yourself from the get go.
And if yourself is funny, be funny for like the rest of your life.
You don't have to stop being funny.
It's such a, such a hassle though.
Be funny forever.
Can't do it, man.
Well, if you're not funny, then don't be funny.
Don't like, don't try to be funny in the beginning.
Don't wear yourself out.
Just be like, Hey, this is me.
I'm kind of boring.
In the beginning of our relationship, you should always sell yourself short.
You should always, so like under promise over deliver under deliver under don't, don't promise
zero promises and then like half ass delivery and then you can pick up the speed and pick
up the pace as it goes along and then it'll be like, you're just getting funnier and it's
like you're just getting better and better.
I was, I was unsure about staying with you in the beginning, but now in the immortal
words of wide life, all things just keep getting better about you, Jerry.
Kiss my boobs.
Get over here right now and kiss on the back.
I have two big bags of blood on the front of my body that needs some kisses and it's
time for you to do the man.
Is that what they are?
I've never WebMD'd it, but I would like to know what's going on in there.
It's just blood, blood and milk.
How come when vampires bite people, they don't bite them right on the boob?
Because that's inappropriate.
Griffin.
Yeah.
I can't show that on TV then.
Jesus.
Hey, how about a Yahoo answer question?
Yeah, let's do that.
This one was sent in by Sarah Westlake.
Thank you, Sarah Westlake.
That's by Yahoo Answers user Jack1081, who asks, how much fart can you store in a typical
large glass jar?
Such is the sort you buy pickles in.
We are assuming-
Such is the sort.
This is what we're assuming, you guys.
Okay.
We are assuming that you've got a vacuum seal with the right equipment.
The only time that the seal's broken is when you're sitting on the receptacle and ready
to fart.
A flat mechanical lid slides open, the machine sucks fart in, and immediately closes the
lid.
Oh, God.
Oh, like a postal pneumatic tube, like, got that fart.
Oh, Jesus.
Basically, you know that thing in Ghostbusters, the trap, the proton trap or whatever?
We're talking about that, but for flash lights.
So like a really big Twinkie full of farts.
Well-
Oh, God.
I think this person, like, hey, FBI, if you need the heads up on the dirty people that
are going to like steal toddlers and dress them up and make them do mock pageants in
their basement, like, this is the person, like, this is the person that will do that.
You need to get them.
Go get them.
I think there's a-
Go get them.
Go catch.
Go catch them.
I think there's a time in every person's life where they think about how many farts
would fit inside something, and that time is like four years old.
Yeah.
I wonder if I could fart into my toy train and then keep it there forever, like, oh,
you can't grow up.
All aboard the Fart Express.
Toot, toot.
Toot, toot.
Get it?
Dummy.
Some Yahoo!
Answer user, Bacon Lever, responded, in a typical glass pickle jar, you can fart as
many times as you want, but it's impossible to fill it up 100% of the way with farts.
Too much fart will escape when you try to close the jar after farting in it.
According to my estimations, you can fill it up about 42% of the jar with farts.
What?
According to my calculations, didn't this guy already tell the plan of how he's not
going to let the farts escape?
He's got a secret plan to keep the farts inside.
What fucking estimations are you doing?
What equations-
I punched the numbers here into my, uh, my, my calc, and-
It looks like 42%.
A little bit less than half is what you're going to get in that jar.
You're going to get in that jar, it's going to be around 42% farts.
Actually, uh, it's funny, 42% farts is actually the first component of Avril Lavigne's new
perfume.
It's 42% farts, 29% sandalwood, 11% um, the smell of newborn babies, and about 8%
perjury.
Are these Avril Lavigne's farts, or are we, are we dealing with, like, uh-
Oh, no, no, no, they get them from, uh, they get them from Indonesian kids.
These are Pete, these are Pete Wint's farts, get these out of here.
Whatever you do.
Do not buy, like, the CVS knockoff version, it smells like Avril Lavigne's farts.
No, it's Manny Morse farts, you don't want that.
Um, uh, um, why, why are you doing this, guy?
Hey, hey, guy?
Hey, guy?
I'm-
I have a better Yahoo question.
What is it?
Why are you doing this?
I, I-
Why are you doing this?
I'm a pretty nostalgic guy, and I like to, I like to have little treasures from the past.
Um, but-
You know what, guys?
If I've learned one thing from the supercollider, sometimes science is just for science sake.
You think this is a science-
You don't have to have-
You think this is a science project.
Yeah!
At this point, his wife has left him, he's lost custody to his kids, but he has got to
answer this question for science sake.
I think it's more amazing that he's invented an apparatus that lets you fill a container
with gas without letting the previous gas out of the container.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
How do you differentiate-
This is his wife.
Because, because science says that there's displacement going on in there, right?
Like you, you put the fart gas in, and it lets non-fart gas out, um, but how do you-
How do you differentiate between the two?
Well answer that, and you get the Nobel.
One will be brown.
And one will be clear.
You think one will be brown, you think it'll be dense with farticles, and then-
Exactly.
We're looking for the god farticle here, Griffin.
I uh, I think that this is his life's work.
That's the important-
The important thing is not that he-
The important thing is that it'll be done.
Like there's not-
That I have a practical application.
Yeah.
I think when he-
This isn't for him, this is for his kids.
When he looks at his tombstone, it's gonna say, here lies Greg.
As it turns out, about 29 farts.
1960 to 19- 2011.
If we're lucky, he will be dead soon.
How pissed off are those CERN guys gonna be if by inventing a fart storage, a perfect
fart storage apparatus, this guy actually discovers the Higgs boson particle and not
them?
The Higgs boson farticle, of course.
The Higgs boson farticle.
Like, oh, you guys built like a 35-mile long tube that cost you like a trillion dollars?
That's cool.
I just farted in this jar.
Oops, the god element found it.
Big Bang made it in this jar.
I have my own little tiny universe.
Talk about a Big Bang.
I think on that note, it's time to take a trip together, just three brothers, going
on a journey to the Money Zone.
Travis, who are we taking?
Who's going with us?
Who's in the trunk?
Cut up in pieces.
Whoa.
Oh god, no.
Oh god.
Um, well, riding shotgun in the RV on the trip to the Money Zone is Lacey Harbour, soon
to be Lacey Smith.
She wants to send out a special wedding gift message to her fiance and soon-to-be husband
Brian.
Brian with a Y.
Yeah, he's hip.
It's a mysterious Y.
He's down.
He's hip with a Y.
When can we expect their nuptials?
They're getting married on June 4th of this year to Brian.
That's like next fucking week.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
God, are you guys nervous?
Cold feet?
You got cold feet?
I got cold feet.
What are they into?
What's their deal?
Well, he received a master's in science by inducing E. coli to produce- no, I read that
wrong.
Inducing E. coli to produce human hemoglobin.
Oh man, you read that so wrong.
I've been inducing E. coli to produce.
You'll never catch me.
You'll never take me alive, fruit cop.
Enjoy that bok choy, motherfucker.
He's a super good at Super Meat Boy.
He is sadly allergic to black pepper.
That's the best kind of pepper that there is, though.
Yeah.
I think you're gonna have white pepper?
Because that's good.
It is?
And not just salt?
He proposed to me on top of Guadalupe Pete in Texas.
Where did he propose to Lacy?
That must have been so special for you.
He even made her a special meal to eat at the top, because he's a great cook, except
where he uses kind of a light hand with the black pepper, because that would kill him.
I want to blow your guys' minds and say he's safe for two years to buy the right.
That's the trick.
Two years' salary.
I always say that.
Jesus Christ.
Mm-hmm.
Jesus Christ.
You'll know.
Travis, one of these days, you're gonna make that magic leap, and you are gonna know the
kind of sacrifices that-
I can't save two weeks' salary.
I know.
You spend all of it on pancake materials.
Stuff to make pancakes with.
Jars.
So, congratulations to you guys, and especially to Brian, for whom we are a gift, treasured
gift-
You're welcome, Brian.
That you can keep forever.
Our other message comes from Ben Sawija, and he submits that we should officially come
out in support of Luminous Electric in Minneapolis-St. Paul.
That's right.
They are a skilled electrician serving homeowners, contractors, and commercial customers in the
Minneapolis-St. Paul area.
Holy Christ.
Yes, we-
What do you need?
What do you need?
What do you need?
You need updated electrical panels in older homes?
Whatever.
Done.
Check mark.
How are your electrical issues?
Oh, you have them?
We will solve them for you.
Check mark.
Lighting design and installation?
Check mark.
Free estimates?
Probably.
Do you want to have flashlights installed in your hands, like a super power?
Yeah.
Or maybe a light bulb eyes.
Do you want to replace your veins with wires?
Yes.
Can I replace my heart with a ticking clock?
Yes.
Turn yourself into a mechanical man.
Some sort of mechanical man with Luminous Electric.
Luminous Electric will turn you into a mechanical man.
Honestly, if you live in the Twin Cities area, and you're listening to this, and you
do not hire these motherfuckers, what's wrong with you?
That's like the best electricians ever.
Can you imagine how awesome that would be?
What?
What?
I mean, okay.
What else is there to do in Minneapolis-St. Paul other than get turned into a robot and
then have like robot races?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
So they will transfer- they might say at first like, I don't understand what you're saying
and we can't transfer-
Uh-huh.
They have to say that because the FDA.
Yes.
You're right.
And the FBI.
The code word is French Stewart.
Yeah.
You say French Stewart and they will-
Give me a full on French Stewart.
Give me the French Stewart.
He's saying, wait, holy shit.
Is he a mechanical man?
He is a malfunctioning mechanical man.
His light bulb eyes don't work.
No.
So that's- go to LuminousElectric.com and you can just hire them.
Just get them.
And I honestly, if you listen to this and you don't choose them as like your cool electrician,
I don't know.
I don't know what's wrong with you.
Justin.
So, yeah.
You're going to need to jingle it up and you have so much to go on here.
But I'm out on top on Guadalupe Peak, made the decision and with his mouth he speaked,
shit.
I take you Lacey to be my bride and I want some robot parts inside.
I want to take you down the aisle with super robot strength.
Hold your hand.
Try not to crush it.
Thanks Luminous Electric for making me your robot man.
Half love, half husband.
All robot hero.
Electro Brian.
I said clap.
Clap for me.
Go crazy.
So thanks to Electro Brian and Luminous Electric and the wonderful Lacey Harbour, soon to be
Lacey Smith, for taking everybody to the money zone.
We got a- I got a question here.
I'm a graduating high school senior.
I don't want to go to my ceremony.
The reason is that I have not made any good memories in high school.
When I look at all these people, I think about how horrible some of them treated me.
Some of my old best friends have ganged up with me a lot last year and bullied me saying
backhanded comments all the time like I'm ugly and they act like I was beneath them.
Our school said that if it's all right if we don't want to walk the stage, but I know
that graduating is a big deal to my parents.
I don't know how to tell them that I don't want to go.
I don't know what excuse to make up.
Should I just not go and tell them I forgot?
Hey mom and dad.
Oops.
Was that today?
Was that today?
That's from Kelly in California.
You already dropped- I know you already dropped a hundo on your Jostens robe like-
Yeah you had- Did all three of us walk?
Did you walk?
Yeah.
I didn't walk in high school.
I didn't walk in college.
It took me five years to get through.
I wasn't going to be like I finally did it mom and dad.
I got my acting degree in five years.
I did it.
I think that this is one of those things that I look back- I'm glad that I did everything
that I could in high school so I don't look back and go man I wish I'd gone to prom or
I wish I'd walked the stage.
You did all of the requisite high school-y shit.
Yes.
What I'm saying is there's no sense in skipping this similar experience that is just like
this one time it'll happen to you.
Yes.
You can be snarky about it but it is a big deal.
Like graduating high school is a big deal.
Yeah.
Yeah and it is a big deal and you know like don't think of it as like I'm going to miss
high school so much.
Think of it as you rose above these fucking assholes who are trying to keep you down and
you're about to go into college where everything is cool or go into the real world where everything
is equally cool and nothing sucks as bad as what you just went through.
You know that's a great- like Kelly it ain't about them.
Yeah it's about you.
You fucking did it.
It's about you.
You did it.
You killed it.
You- you know like they tried to keep you down and you fucking won.
You know what the high school graduation rate is in this country right now?
It's like eight.
It's like eight percent.
It's like eight percent and Kelly you beat the odds.
You're not in that nine- that's the stupid 92 they call it.
You're not- you're not in that group.
You're- you're uh- you're- you're going for it.
You're going for uh- it's like you- you set your mind on a goal much like Captain Jack
Sparrow set his mind on the goal of retrieving the black pearl and now you've got your black
pearl so you're going to walk across the stage and take your- take your victory lap.
You did it.
And shoot Barbossa.
Shoot Barbossa.
On the stage.
Only-
Metaphorically speaking.
Metaphorically speaking shoot Barbossa when he's flesh.
Not flesh man.
Take a gold piece.
Take the bloom from the cursed chest.
Yep.
Gain-
Get the zombie monkey.
Gain immortal life.
Like what else do you need to know?
Also it- also this is really special to your parents and it's one of the- there are things
in your life that you will always be faced with like this is something you are doing
for them and for you but not for your asshole ex friends and those people.
No.
This is for you and your parents.
I'm saying fuck your parents.
I'm saying this is Kelly time.
This is Kelly time.
I'm saying you get on that stage and you let everyone know how you feel about them.
Like-
And maybe give your principal an extra hard handshake.
Give him a handshake and-
Nothing big.
Just like-
Turn towards all of your shitty classmates and just get your dick out and be like bite
it.
And it'd be like bite this wiener.
No.
No.
Not this at all.
You gotta do something like super memorable that'll get on TV and everything.
How is that not memorable?
Just turn around and be like make sure to listen to my brother when my brother meets
at mpnbam.com.
Goodbye.
And maybe just yell San Dimas high school football rules.
So Kelly this is for you.
It's not about them.
Fuck those guys.
This is your time and you won.
You succeeded.
You triumphed.
And now it's time to-
Oh my god.
Shit is about to get so good for you.
Oh Kelly.
The next four years of your life is gonna absolutely rule.
A switch is about to flip.
A rad switch.
An awesome switch.
So guys I was reading Cosmo like I do.
Like you do.
And I bypassed.
There was one article that I really wanted to read and it was 17 things you don't know
about your vagina because it sounded mysterious and I want to know what my vagina's up to.
But I bypassed that through 25 surprising things that turned men on.
Okay.
Now the terrible stupid thing that Cosmo has done here is they asked guys to submit them
on Twitter.
Okay.
So these are straight up submissions.
Before we start can I say that the thing that turns me on most in this world is exploring
the secrets of the vagina.
The 17 dark secrets.
What your vagina does when you're not around.
Some of my favorites on this list.
Number two is that early in the morning or tired at night phone voice.
Which translates to me of like can we please just go to bed.
Why are you up so early?
Daniel.
Daniel.
I'm secretly turning you on.
Number three.
Girls who swim.
Like mermaids.
I guess.
She's moist all the time.
She smells like chlorine.
I love it.
She's the best.
Number eight.
All caps.
Paying for your own dinner.
Got a major boner.
She pulls out that visa and this boner just jumps right off.
You should see when the when the guy at Chili's is like is this together or separate she's
like together but he's with me.
I'm using my early in the morning voice.
These are number these are okay these aren't things dudes like about women right.
These are turn ons.
These are I am getting I'm getting I am I am made erotic by this.
I am I am eroticized when you pay at Chili's.
Number 10 number 10 at no good war it says if you can spin around while you're riding
it being your your office chair right and not your penis because that's not possible.
These are secret things that turn 11 year olds on.
I like when you I bet I like when you squeeze it super hard so stuff comes out I think.
Number number 12 a chick that will play PS3 with me while sitting on that spinning.
Number 13.
What's her brand?
More says if you smell nice you smell nice smell baby smell like chlorine you spin around
on it.
Number 17 good credit fuck you what good credit good credit says good credit how do
you like hey listen how do you if you're reading cosmo and you read that how do you not just
like tear that bitch in half like the power team and just give it up and baby we had a
special night and you know I'm I'm trying to crush them got to see if you can sit and
spin but first I gotta get on free credit report.com and just like find out what you're
working with.
In the 500s do you have a PDF you could forward me for me that listen I'll crush I'm ready
I'm raring to go you paid for your dinner I've had a boner since we left Applebee's
but first smell real nice smell great you've been swimming all day but first I just gotta
know if we got what's your score what's your digits come here digits.
Number 18 Manigault music says toes dot dot dot well cute toes bubbly toes no no hobbit
toes no hobbit toes for this for this guy hey hey guess what I talked to everybody no
no one toes ever in well okay hold on wait wait wait I don't think there's such a thing
as good toes but there's definitely such a thing as bad toes if you have dirt like dirty
small fingers down there I don't want to even be a part of your production your foot fingers
away from my shit you're saying that like it's like uh you can only go down with toes
yeah I've never looked at toes and been like boner but like I have seen toes and been like
never boner like never again a boner nary a boner it's like if you're not gonna say
oh that girl's got a nice back but if she doesn't have a back you are just a front how
did you do that like the physics of it how is your scene happening because I do not understand
it totally um is there anything else this fucking magazine what are they doing this
is what our this is what our young ladies are reading no no no this is they're reading
this is honestly I think that magazines like this are what causes the great divide between
the sexes yeah stuff like what he doesn't want is for you to get really into the game
and chug a beer and it's like how do you know that I don't want that I don't want that
well I just want a boo who can swim and spin on my dick I like it when we're swimming and
she sits on it and spins in the water uh-huh and I use it to propel me forward like that
that's called the jet ski and a little James Bond mini sub it's amazing we call that the
steamboat Willie to tune all board no just me sorry guys this is my this is my Deborah
boat we're gonna make proud Mary get in oh Christ okay so to cosmo I I think you are
the worst thing that is around I think it's the worst thing that happens to this country
hey how about yahoo yeah sure this one was sitting by golly a ollie who has really outdone
him or herself itself itself it's by yahoo answers user Sarah only it's spelled with
like weird characters I'm not gonna get into it Sarah asks is is my we didn't start the
fire continuation decent okay like it says decent I know it's not good and some parts
don't flow well but that's okay it's supposed to be 1990 through 2009 I don't know a lot
about the 1990s so there's a little lack of that or you ready what universes are you ready
wait Griffin you've got to do it to music you can't not do this to music I can do it
acapella okay okay then I want you to go back and find the music and play it underneath
it for me I don't know okay I'll try okay are you ready Middle East CSI twin towers
Wi-Fi eBay Dan Brown Sarah Palin global warming Madonna internet marijuana Obama Titanic
Harry Potter organic steroids animation cell phones immigration Facebook Walmart Google
modern art he called I bird flu Michael Jackson new Hans Zimmer Green Day Guantanamo Bay hold
on did you see Lewis gossett did I hear equal I bird poop in there equal I bird flu bird
bird flu what was no did they say Lewis gossett I don't think they said Lewis gossett can
you can you elucidate the last stanza for me again equal I bird flu Michael Jackson
who knew Hans Zimmer Green Day Guantanamo Bay okay all right hold on who knew what who
knew what I guess that Michael Jackson was gonna die and if that is the case then everybody
okay I wouldn't my bigger problem with this is not about the flow of her lyrics but more
do we live in a world where this gets updated like the encyclopedia like at the end of a
decade it's like well we need to go back and add a couple stanzas by the end of time we
didn't start the fire is gonna be eight hours yeah it's gonna be an epic poem written by
poet laureate Billy Joel I'm glad I'm glad somebody's stepping up here because yeah like
I don't want our school kids to be like and then in the year was 1990 and after that there
is no more history I mean Sarah touches on some good points here I mean definitely definitely
CSI and Twin Towers and Wi-Fi should all be sandwiched together like that pretty much
they're pretty much like the same level of stuff right Dan Brown definitely deserves
to be remembered for and Hans Zimmer wait Hans Zimmer you know and Harry Potter's in
there potters in there he's up with that that's a revolution that's fresh that's great Hans
Zimmer like what what what what what what contribution of Hans Zimmer's are you are
you honoring here like that did you feel is it oh I know excuse me he did the motion picture
soundtrack for Pirates of the Caribbean on stranger so that that that makes perfect sense
he did that OST so yeah I mean what what what are we forgetting here there's got to be some
other important events like Iraq Afghanistan something like that Pirates of the Caribbean
on Stranger's Tide Iraq Afghanistan Pirates of the Caribbean how about Robert Downey Jr's
return to the screen that's pretty big deal Robert Downey Jr's return to the screen like
I don't think so now what about Grey's Anatomy and then the spin-off Private Practice let's
here's what's it I'm looking through this and I think my problem isn't my problem is
what didn't make the cut so like oh Dan Brown made it but not Hurricane Katrina like uh-huh
yeah so Sarah Palin is up in the mix not 9-eleven though so yeah well she said Twin Towers and
that sort of shorthand for 9-eleven never forget Twin Towers it could be see it could
be referring to the second Lord of the Rings movie it cannot no it could not Grey's Anatomy
is made for you Kung Fu Panda one and two there I think that's better because it gets
some like super important cultural stuff I think that it would be better if it was all
just not like what happened in the world but like a personal recount of your 1990 to 2009
so it's like met a guy we broke up went to dinner met some people then I went to college
and it was pretty cool and it was just like a personal telling of stuff that happened
in your life can you explain to me the sort of sliding scale that puts going to dinner
with some people and graduating college on the same import like it's a good dinner it
wasn't it wasn't a very good college it was a very good verse it was mostly a party school
I graduated still a fool and I went and got on Yahoo Answers wrote this song so I want
to hear Griffin's last question super quick just sort of housekeeping stuff that we do
every week this is my brother my brother me our website is nbnbam.com our forum spring
is forum spring dot me forward slash nbnbam our email address is nbnbam at maximum fun
dot org those are all good methods to get in contact with us if you want to get an ad
at the money zone she said this back then but you want to email Teresa at maximum fun
dot org that's Teresa with an H of course what else is going on what's up also we haven't
talked about in a while but listening parties if you get a group of four or more together
let us know we usually record on Saturday or Sunday so if you need a listening party
you need to let us know like a week in advance yeah and we will we will try to get it done
for you and you get a special greeting for your party and we'll give you guys just like
little introductions that way if you got new people they just get a little kind of special
taste before the show starts the Cincinnati show is going to have in June 12th and that's
on Sunday gonna be super duper fun it's gonna start at 8 o'clock at the Cincinnati Shakespeare
Company we got a great opener Felicia Gillespie you need to go Google her tracks and see her
because she's super duper funny and also the best bar in Cincinnati Arnold's Bar and Grill
is opening up special for us and just us on Sunday night so we're all gonna be hanging
out there after the show so if you're in the area and you weren't able to get tickets to
the show you can come hang out with us afterwards at Arnold's we'll probably be there about
10 1030 and if you weren't able to come to the show hope may not be lost we are next
week I think we're gonna have an opportunity for a I think 10 or so people maybe a few
less than that to get tickets but you're gonna have to listen for your blood match fight
yeah last man spears nets hammers and so like don't lose hope yet hang in there we
might be able to accommodate you if you live in the area don't make special plans or anything
but we might be able to set you up we got a new t-shirt coming soon we're going to have
a available at exclusively at live shows like the Cincinnati show the show is coming after
we're gonna have is it silk silk screen Griffin is that is that accurate it is screen laser
etched screen printed I think maybe post carbonite carbonite it is a carbon clone copy and once
you see this image you are going to poop your pants it is pants shittingly awesome Justin
Russo has really outdone himself we love when you talk about the show on Twitter and
B&B am hashtag who's today's special guy Ian Johnson music tore it up this week just he's
going back through the the back catalog and and and spreading the word to people also
I want to talk about SS Kento okay basically he took our sampler the YouTube sampler bit.ly
slash it's in B&B am I was trying to pimp us to like Louis CK and Joel McHale and Donald
Glover I appreciate it so much walking that fine fine line Joel thank you for listening
to our show hey Joel welcome and hey guys don't forget and he he did it right but when
you pimp us to people when you say hey check out the show include that sampler link I think
is is maybe even better than our website link because it it's a really good entry point
for people and then they'll be they'll be down digestible it's digestible face Lauren
is going back through the the back catalog and and listen to the whole show and it's
great so we love you guys so much and you are the reason that we keep doing this every
week well it's a we would probably record it anyway but you're the reason we release
it for the money yeah gotta get that paper chase so that oh and we got forums maximum
fun at work go get it uh here's our final question is standing by Philip Smith thank
you Philip it's by yahoo answers user Zena Zamora who asked can I legally change my birthday
I was born October 9th and I would like to change it to Halloween
keep your heart three stacks keep your heart hey keep your heart three stacks keep your
heart man these girls smart three stacks these girls smart play your part
