The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
Here come the McElroys, we've got jokes and bits.
We're gonna give advice and do funny skits, laughter it is in store.
Come inside and see, it's time to start.
It's My Brother, My Brother and Me.
Hello everybody and welcome to My Brother, My Brother and Me, an advice show for the modern era.
Omi, I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm Woof Woof Travis McElroy, a dog?
Still doing it, this is Griffin, still doing it.
Well, I tried to make it go up at the end because I had a question I wanted to ask,
because something's really been kind of, you know, just stuck in my old craw.
It's just an age-old question I've been trying to figure out.
A riddle even?
No, not quite a riddle, but it's more like when you wear a shirt, right?
You go out into the world wearing a shirt.
Right, right, right, right.
Which side of the shirt is the side that's getting dirtier?
The outside that's out facing the world or the inside a rubbing up against your body?
Well, this is challenging.
This is tough.
There's parts of my body that are fucking filthy.
Right.
And there is, and we take great strides to mitigate that.
Right.
But the armpits, are we limiting this to just the shirt or are we talking pants too?
You can't ask that of pants because you know the answer of pants,
and it's which side's the googer on and it's in.
Well, yes, because the extension of this question, right, is if you wear two shirts, right?
Yeah.
And I do.
If you have an undershirt and an overshirt.
Very prominent nipples Justin's got.
He's got to get two shirts in there to just pin those bad boys in.
If you get home, right?
Right.
Which shirt is the dirty shirt?
The dirty shirt, yeah.
Can you wear the undershirt again?
Can you turn the shirt inside out and you're good?
Where are we at with this?
Well, okay, where are you spending your days?
Are you spending it in a clean office?
Are you spending a stinky fungus forest?
Let's say I am walking around, okay, I'm walking around Columbus, Ohio on a 72-degree day.
Oh, perfect.
Columbus really comes to life in the springtime.
Yeah, but it's not so hot.
The finches.
Oh, baby.
Oh, and the finches are flitting down the old Ohio.
The Columbus finches.
Oh, when they were turned from Capistrano to Columbus.
Oh, that's good, clean air.
That's good, clean American air right there.
It's good, clean air, but a recognizable city.
Now, I could have gone with Cincinnati, but I already live here, and I don't want to speak hypothetically.
There's too much baggage.
There's a lot of emotion tied to that city.
And during a game day, you walk outside.
Oh, forget about it.
That shirt's instantly dirty.
So, it's 72 degrees.
Perfect.
Oh.
72.
Sorry.
Justin and I are just spending time in our memories thinking about all of our great Columbus springs.
I understand.
Can I emerge from the doors of the Center on Science and Industry, or COSI?
Of course.
And I'm headed to Cozy, the sandwich place.
Oh.
Right.
Okay.
Right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And he's feeling cozy in this great, comfortable air.
72 degree weather.
Yeah.
This question's a bad question.
Why?
Well, I can answer it with a single word, and that word is jackets.
Okay.
Hmm.
So, you wear a shirt and a jacket outside in a beautiful 72 degree.
Maybe it's like a light jacket.
And you come back in, and end of the day, you put on your night clothes, and you take off your shirt.
Working in your night clothes.
My long night shirt.
Yeah.
Right.
And your cap with your single candle.
Of course.
And you retire the shirt that has been rubbed against your huge prominent nipples and your stinky arm, like your arm goochers.
And that goes in the hamper.
But the next day, new shirt, same jacket.
Yeah, but just because we've always done that, Griffin, doesn't mean it's right.
Listen, this is all good stuff, but Griffin started talking about nightcaps.
And I was thinking, you know the cap, and they got the fuzzy ball at the end all the time.
We love that.
What's that about?
So you can find the end of it easier.
Yeah.
Are you suggesting that I would be casually stroking up the top of the hat, and I would get to a place where I wasn't sure if I was touching air or hat?
Well, it's dark. You only have the one candle.
So you're like, how high is this hat going?
And then you worry that maybe you've moved on to a certain, like now you've reached the chandelier, right?
You missed the end completely, and you just keep going.
You need a sort of anchor when you're working in the dark in old Victorian times where you just have the one candle.
You need something to sort of establish a depth perception, like target, and that's what the ball is for.
And it can also be a fun game for when you get bored or you're very, very sick with an old Victorian disease laying in bed.
You sort of swat at it like a kitty cat does.
Oh yeah, or when you're snoring and you're going honk, me, me, me, me, me.
Your breath is like blowing that little ball up and it's bopping you back in the nose, you know what I mean? It's fun.
It's so funny and cute.
So which side of the nightcap is getting dirtier?
The ball side.
My body makes more filth than the room or area I'm in.
I can pretty much guarantee that. It's terrible.
My body consumes things and turns it into, I guess, more bones and meat and flesh that makes me up.
And then everything that doesn't make the cut just gets impressed into my clothing.
It's a real horror show.
Isn't it wild to think that we spend our lives eating food so our bones can get thicker and thicker until one day we die and it's just skin on bone?
Yeah, it doesn't make any sense.
What are you talking about? This is a comedy show.
You said you had something fun and light for the opener. I'm so disappointed in you.
I am officially revoking your ability to initiate the program.
Hey Justin, I just killed about six and a half minutes.
No, but that's not about this. I've been away from art for so long.
It's been a while.
It's been a while since I've made any art.
Your friend Art Garfunkel?
No, see that's exactly what I'm talking about.
That's what Justin's hinting at.
No more fucking duds.
This show is no longer about art.
You've been away from art and it sounded like it.
Hey guys, it sounded like a name and that name is Art Garfunkel.
That you are right now pointing at the basketball underneath the hoop and it's like,
well, I thought I threw it high enough to get it in the hole, but I just threw it into the slushy stand.
That's what happened with that one.
You're right, you're right.
We know.
Fart Garfunkel.
Thank you, there it is.
No Justin, no Justin, Justin, no Justin, Justin.
He got there.
I'm going to revoke Travis's privileges from now.
Okay, we haven't been able to make art for two weeks.
Justin, you haven't been able to make fart.
Because of the weather and stuff and because of that, Borat 2 beat Hamilton for the Golden Globe
and we let that happen on our watch because we didn't make any art for two weeks
and America forgot, you know what I mean?
America forgot.
Has anyone checked on Lin?
I talked to Lin last night after Borat beat him so soundly and I promised him on my mother's grave
that if Borat beat him for the Golden Globe, it would be discussed in the introduction of this program.
So now I have cashed that in.
There it is.
Thanks for checking in, Borat.
Borat, is there anyone you'd like to thank?
He wants to thank his reggae horn that he travels with at all times.
That was a real bump set just dookie on the ground.
That was a nice setup and a failure to deliver.
We love Borat.
We do love Borat here.
I'm saying, here's what I'm saying.
Everybody wins the Golden Globes because everybody had a great time.
And the stars came out to play.
Did you guys actually – you guys probably didn't watch, did you?
No.
Sydney likes award shows so we checked in.
It was all wild.
It was a tough watch.
It was a tough watch, but Trav, this is going to sound like I'm making it up,
but in the interstitial before and after commercials, they would point –
the celebs that were about to be up for awards were all logged into Zoom, right?
Sure.
And they would point – basically point their screens at one another
and encourage them to make fun small talk.
So I got to watch Bob Odenkirk trying to lure Al Pacino out of his trance
and lure him into some light conversation as the announcer was like,
what's up? We've got another award.
And it was all, I mean, really –
It was really, really difficult.
Jason Bateman was there with his kids and I was like,
he shouldn't be exposed to this environment.
None of them should be.
Were any of them playing Fortnite while receiving their awards
and telling people to smash that like and subscribe button?
Jason Sudeikis was essentially doing that.
Yeah, it was basically mid-kill streak, I think.
Nice.
Anyway, can we –
I just want to say in a serious note, it's been like a while
since we've been able to record one because of Earth.
And I just want to say it's a genuine pleasure
and I'm thrilled to be here with you.
And I won't let Travis post up anymore.
Fucking dookie.
All gold.
All right.
550.
Yeah, a special one.
We've got a lot planned.
I'm a big fan of Formula 1
and a lot of the teams are doing raffles
during the preseason period this spring.
The prizes are mostly things like merch
and invites to a virtual car launch event.
And some are offering virtual meet and greets with the drivers.
The issue is why I love a signed team hat.
The idea of winning a video call with a Formula 1 driver
fills me with terror.
I'm trying to mentally prepare just in case
but I'm drawing a blank.
What are some cool things to say when you're talking
to a race car driver over Zoom?
That's from Inane in the pit lane.
I tell you what.
Call Inane.
Got pit lane.
Do you think that the best sort of telecommuting,
telework solution for a Formula 1 driver is Zoom?
Do you think they feel very comfortable?
Oh, I see.
They're like, oh, this is the sound of my good, fast car goes.
Zoom, Zoom.
Zoom, I love it.
I'm very comfortable.
Hey, I can tell you're uncomfortable talking to me,
at Champson, talking to me over Zoom.
But let me tell you, I feel very comfortable
because the name of this application is the sound
of my car go.
Zoom, Zoom.
Thank you.
I think we can all agree the first question is, of course,
how fast have you gone, right?
Yeah, what's the fastest you get?
Because I think that they'd be excited to, one,
have a nice softball.
But if they're not excited to talk about how fast they've gone,
why are they in Formula 1?
Can you get the fake back of a car, like, rear windshield
driving background that they used to use for, like,
Toontz's The Driving Cat as your rear zoom?
Can you make that happen just to make the race car driver
feel comfortable?
Oh, and then have them be, like, your driver.
So, like, you're sitting in the back seat and just turning
into a conversation where you're like, hey, could you slow
down a little bit?
You're going very, very fast.
Oh, you just took that turn pretty quick.
And I asked you to go to Whole Foods.
No, I said take a right.
No, only left here.
Actually, I think Formula 1 courses, they zigzag all over.
They don't do just a big circle.
Really?
That's too exciting for me.
I think so, yeah.
I think that the how fast you go question doesn't really
have legs or wheels in this case.
If you want, try bouncing that off me.
I'll be Chet Chamsom, beloved Formula 1 racer.
So how fast have you gone?
Ha ha ha!
200.
1 miles per hour?
Yep.
Well, we do kilometers, don't we?
Pretty European Formula 1.
Ooh.
What's that translate to in miles?
No one knows.
Oh, okay.
Oh, sorry, my dog just came in the room.
Hey, buddy, what's up?
Let me see those precious toe beans.
These are his toe beans.
Oh, honey.
His name is Chet Chamsom the dog.
I named him after you.
I hate that.
Hey, can I say that actually felt a lot more,
I was going to try to illustrate like that's a bad topic
of conversation because it doesn't really go anywhere
from there, but Travis, you are a fucking born
conversationalist.
Thank you very much.
Even when I was trying to fucking stump you,
you made me feel so comfortable and involved.
How did you feel when the dog came in?
I loved that.
It's not real, but I couldn't, yeah, I could envision
the precious toppers, toe beans.
Actually, if I can admit this, when Travis says
his dog came in, I thought that his dog came in.
Thank you.
He was like so deeply inhabiting the role.
Well, I've actually been training my dogs to come over
when I'm on Zoom calls because it makes everybody
so happy.
I give them little pieces of bacon and they come over
and everyone's like, oh, doggo.
And they get really excited.
I didn't even have dogs before the pandemic.
I bought them specifically for Zoom calls to make
people happy.
And you know what?
When the pandemic's gone, I'm going to sell them.
Sell these dogs.
Yeah, and you get a little bit of sweat equity there.
The dogs have gotten bigger.
Yeah, they got bigger and I trained them.
Right?
Yeah.
I think that if you get on a call with this stranger
and you say, hey, thanks for taking the time to talk
to me today, but I really just want a hat.
Can you send me a hat and we don't have to talk?
And the stranger goes, absolutely.
And then you can hang up the phone.
I will say this, I can think of almost no Zooms I've
been on in the last year where if someone said,
Justin, you can hang up right now if you promise to
send me some kind of hat.
Absolutely.
Done.
I'm already closing the screen.
Hey, Chet Jamson, in all your 50 years of racing,
what was the best fan interaction you ever had?
Oh, man, let me tell you.
One time this guy let me get off a Zoom call super quick.
It was amazing.
I named my son after him and I didn't know his name,
though, so I just called him Hang Up Guy.
This is my son, Hang Up Guy Chamsun.
Happiest I've ever been.
Better than any race I've ever won was that time.
It was the fastest Zoom call I've ever been on.
And you know me, I love speed.
I crave it.
I was in the middle of watching the season finale,
Ozark.
I was like, hell yeah, get right back into Ozark.
See how Jason and the kids are going to get out of this one.
Zoom Zoom, that's the sound a car makes.
I went ahead and knocked over a Lids
so I could have more get out of call free tickets.
And now I'm in prison and it was worth it.
It was worth it to get off that Zoom call,
no questions asked.
And I've knocked over the Lids
and they fucking caught me while I was driving away.
Can you believe that?
The irony.
The irony.
Chet Jamson.
Do you all want a Yahoo?
Yeah, I'd love that.
This one is sent in by Casey.
Thanks, Casey.
It's a Yahoo Answers user, Bush, who asks,
my grandkids want to start a detective agency.
Yes, nice.
Should I start staging crimes for them to solve?
I'm worried about them actually solving it
and figuring out it was me.
Well, yeah.
I mean, the latter worry is a strange worry
unless the crimes you were attempting to do
was like manslaughter.
No, but here's the thing.
Even if it's like, oh, you know,
Bugsy stole the fucking class pet or whatever.
If you figure out that's your grandpa,
I mean, after two of those,
even if it's just pretty money,
it's always grandpa.
You're like, fucking grandpa.
Like, are you okay, dude?
Like, you stole the class pet
and then you stole that little kid's prize marble shooter
or whatever.
Like, what are you doing, grandpa?
Well, Trav, did you ever watch The Sherlock Show
with Ben and Bic?
Elementary?
Yeah, right?
No, the other one.
That one had-
Oh, the one where Sherlock Holmes woke up
and it was like modern day San Francisco.
No, that's still elementary.
This one had been a kid.
Yeah.
The Hobbit.
The Hobbit.
And it was just Sherlock.
It was just right down the middle of Sherlock.
There wasn't like a special thing about it.
It was just straight over the plate Sherlock.
Do you remember that one?
Yeah.
Well, in that one-
A little bit.
In every case, they'd be like,
oh, the mummy did come back from the dead
and is killing all the people at the museum
or the people at the circus have been also killing people.
But at the end of each one, it turns out it was Moriarty.
And then at the end of the first season, Moriarty dies.
Whoa.
And you say, whoa, hold on a minute.
Now who's going to do the crimes?
And sure enough, the next season,
there's a big crime that happens
where one of the guys, his wife does it.
And you're like, whoa, what?
But then you're like, you find out later,
it was still Moriarty.
Do you see where I'm going with this?
Is the grandpa Moriarty in this?
Well, yeah, that's what I'm saying
is that you steal the lunch money
and they find out, oh, it was grandpa.
And grandpa said, I did that as a test for you.
And then the next thing is the class pet goes missing
and everybody thinks it's Bugsy,
but it turns out it's the grandpa.
And they say, well, now we know
that grandpa's doing all the crimes.
So grandpa fakes his own murder.
Okay.
But it turns out it was a plot by grandpa,
but at that point, grandpa is no longer with us.
And then another crime happens and the kids go,
well, it can't possibly be grandpa.
He's dead as hell.
But somehow it's still grandpa.
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah.
The only way to get the kids off your case is to be dead.
Well, yes, I mean, obviously Griffin, that's 101.
Can I just say that my favorite part about this question
is if you read between the lines a little bit,
that grandpa is worried that the kids will solve it,
but not sure they will.
So the grandpa does think one of two things.
One, that these kids are wicked stupid.
Or two, that grandpa might secretly turn out
to be a master criminal and create an unsolvable mystery.
Right, yeah.
Yeah.
You know, we were talking about Sherlock.
There's something wild about that is Elementary.
Remember that show?
We were talking about Elementary.
Yeah.
Yeah, I like it.
Well, Justin, you were talking about Elementary, but go on.
Yeah, but I want to talk more about Elementary.
Never watched a single episode of it.
Ran for seven years.
Yeah.
Ended in 2019, which explains why I haven't heard a lot about it lately.
Yeah.
But this is the thing I wanted to say.
There's 154 episodes of this show.
Okay, syndication right there, baby.
Yeah, Johnny Lee Miller is, of course,
is now the actor who's played Sherlock Holmes the most times
because there's so many episodes of it, okay?
Right.
There's 154 episodes of the show.
There's got to be one that centers on pro gamers, right?
Okay.
There's got to be one episode where Sherlock's like,
this is the gamers.
The gamers evolved.
Okay.
It's got to be his mouse cord that did the motors.
Right.
There's got to be one Elementary episode that's centered on pro gamers.
Right.
So there's a bit where Lucy Liu has a Google Cardboard headset strapped to her face,
and she looks up at Sherlock,
but she's obviously still seeing the game world in her headset,
and she says, so if you die in the game, and he says,
then yes, you die in real life, love.
Hey, real quick.
Trav, can you help us build this incredible episode of Elementary?
No, I understand.
I just want to read a paragraph here from The Return of Sherlock Holmes,
a 1987 television movie.
Okay.
Following those instructions, Jane Watson finds a hidden basement
containing a primitive cryogenic capsule with a man lying inside,
whom she thaws.
The man inside the capsule turns out to be her ancestor's friend and partner,
the legendary Sherlock Holmes himself.
Cool.
Cool, man.
That sounds pretty good.
Hey, I have an exciting new segment.
Okay.
Oh?
And I sneak previewed this to Travis,
but I am so excited to get started here.
I was cruising the web recently.
Like you do.
And I was so excited to find out that there is a company
that makes these decks of cards that you can use for podcasting,
and it's to help you do a good podcast.
Thank you, finally.
I know, and I was like, finally it's time to step up our game.
You know, we're pros.
We wrote the book on podcasting.
It could always be better.
You know what I mean?
That's what we should have called our book.
It could always be better.
Each of you is going to get a card, and I'm going to let you choose.
I have five different decks of these fuckers here,
but we're going to talk about you're each going to get to pick one.
Travis, would you like a card from the interview deck,
the would you rather deck, or the what the heck deck?
Oh, would you rather.
Don't you dare take what the heck.
I have called dibsies.
Okay, Travis, I'm going to select a card at random from the would you rather deck.
Finally, this podcast is going places.
This is good, man.
We don't even have to think with our fucking forebrains anymore.
We can just slip slide into that.
It's all instinct now, right?
It's just instinct.
All right, Travis, would you rather –
God, I hope it's dirty.
Would you rather have to grow, hunt, and kill your own food,
or eat only Taco Bell for a year?
This is terrible.
That is fucking terrible.
I mean –
No, really think about it, Travis.
You are an impulsive person.
I need you to really go through it.
Grow, hunt, and kill?
Yeah, I mean, you could hunt a chicken and then eat it while it's still alive.
That seems a little brutal.
Or eat Taco Bell for a year.
What wildly different options.
Yeah, that's kind of what makes it fun, you putz.
Well, no, Justin.
Typically, in a would you rather, they don't pair up a really, really rough option with an incredible windfall,
with an incredible blessing.
Yeah, I've never eaten Taco Bell for two successive meals.
Yeah, but if I eat Taco Bell every day for a year, you know what?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Every month.
Every meal.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Every meal.
Sure, sure, sure.
But what I'm saying is, you know what I am now, Justin?
Fucking internet famous.
I've made a documentary that's called Live Moss.
Live Moss, you are dying.
Live Moss, E-minus.
And it's like, okay, now, who knows?
Now maybe I'm rich.
I've got an endorsement deal from Taco Bell.
Or the other option, do a lot of fucking work.
Yeah, there's a lot on the Taco Bell menu.
And we make a lot of jokes, but Taco Bell is delicious.
You could rotate through the menu in a way that you could sustain your body and keep it alive.
Especially now that Papa Fritz is back.
Yeah.
All right, Griffin, so did you want something from the-
I want something from-
What the heck?
What the heck?
Just say what the fuck.
No, you don't get it, man.
Okay.
Yeah, you don't get it, man.
It's a what the heck deck.
It sounds better.
What the tech deck?
Griffin, what slogan or jingle got stuck in your head forever?
Oh, man.
Forever.
There's a lawyer in town.
And I am not familiar with the type of work that he and his firm does.
But I do know that he spent several hundred thousand dollars commissioning a song for his little firm.
And the song, if I may sing a few bars, it goes,
FUNK and Associates! FUNK and Associates! FUNK and Associates! Call FUNK and Associates!
So it's FUNK and Associates.
It's pretty good.
And it's good.
And what I love about it is Dr. FUNK, or whatever his name is, the lawyer-
Probably FUNK Esquire.
Dr. FUNK Esquire, the lawyer, had a really easy bridge to cross there to have a funky song.
But he didn't go that way with it.
He went in a much more earnest FUNK and Associates.
It could have gone, we want the FUNK and Associates.
Or it could have just been like, call me.
Like literally, it didn't have to be this song that goes as hard.
I lose track of time when I'm hearing it because I'm having such a good time.
I could swear it's like a five minute long commercial.
That's great, Griffin.
Justin, do you want to do one for yourself?
I'll ask myself something from the interview deck.
Since it's the other one I have opened here.
That would be a fun podcast, by the way, if anyone wants to steal this.
Would you just interview yourself every week?
Yeah.
Let's see how this one goes.
I picked a card at random.
I'm not even going to look at it.
I'm going to read it blind.
It just says, how big is it?
How big is it, that ding dong, though?
How much would someone have to pay for your little toe?
I don't want to answer that.
No, tell me.
You have to.
Because then you'll start getting fucking Venmo requests.
Yeah, exactly.
I don't need that.
What's something I would never guess about you, Justin?
Justin, nobody knows me better than you.
I think that that would be a pretty tough one to answer because you know me better than I know myself.
Right.
What is something that people are obsessed with but you just don't get the point of?
Oh, nice.
Hot takes.
Do something about like Sports Bowl.
Or like Game of Thrones.
Is that still wildly popular?
That could be good.
Do you have any opinions on Lost you want to share, Justin?
If you were stranded on a desert island and you could choose one person to keep you company, who would it be?
Just draw from the what the heck deck, man.
Yeah, you're right.
I'm clowning on myself.
I need to just get into the what the heck deck.
Here we go.
What the heck?
This one is...
I haven't gotten it out yet, but I bet this one's going to be something else.
If you could bring one famous person back from the dead, who would you pick?
What?
Yeah, what the heck, man?
What the heck?
Princess Diana maybe?
Travis, you're not...
Sorry.
Sorry, I know it's not my question.
Sorry.
You already had yours.
This is my question.
I did not realize what you just did.
If Justin says anyone other than Princess Diana, he's going to seem like a real jagoff.
Okay, well, if Justin could think of somebody who died before their time, was super beloved...
Yeah, he's going to say anyone but anybody else and people will be like,
man, I guess Justin really doesn't like Princess Diana.
Good job, Trav.
I don't know, Trav.
I guess I was thinking of Martin Luther King.
Oh, okay.
Maybe that's a little bit better than yours, Travis.
It is the classic, would you rather bring back Princess Diana or Martin Luther King.
Or eat Taco Bell.
Or eat Taco Bell every meal for a year.
Or if you could eat Taco Bell with Princess Diana.
Mm-hmm.
Or go hunting with Martin Luther King.
I'd bring back Abraham Lincoln so I could beat him at Xbox.
That would be so good.
He thinks he's so tall.
People think he's so cool, but when he's freaking out over airplanes, I'm going to steal his wallet.
Can I just say, to jump back to the Taco Bell conundrum,
I didn't think about the implications of eating Taco Bell for breakfast and the effect of that.
Do they have breakfast food at Taco Bell?
Yeah, you want me to list the entire menu for you?
I'm just saying if they don't and I have to eat tacos for breakfast,
it's going to severely impact my ability to get things done.
You know what's awesome is I am looking at the Taco Bell menu website,
and they do have categories like combos, tacos, burritos, nachos, quesadillas, etc.
That's sort of the major food groups.
But then they also have a little section below that that says,
can't decide?
Perhaps you're craving something.
And then there's three options, and it says meaty, cheesy, spicy.
So it's like, damn, I don't know what form I want the food to take,
but I do know what I want it to do to my mouth and taste receptors.
Can I ask you something?
If Taco Bell introduced a surprise me option, would you take it?
Every day.
Yeah, me too.
I think so.
I think most drive-thru places, if I just saw an option that said surprise me,
I think I'd just take that one.
If there's an option that says fill a bag of it, Derek,
and that's only when Derek's working.
He's got a special promotion called fill a bag of it, Derek.
For $20 worth, Derek.
You got your D bucks?
Come on over.
This is how many things you can get.
Fill it to the top, Derek.
I was going to cloud on these pod decks,
but this is the name of the people that make them, pod decks.
Talk about conversation, fruitful.
And I treasure it.
Sure, we got there.
Because now I'm just thinking about Derek throwing a bunch of fucking fire sauce
into a bag, loose.
Yeah, but if it's $20 worth of fire sauce, that's a good deal.
That's a great deal.
You can resell that for sure.
I hate when they ask me if I want sauce there,
and there's no chef to consult.
What's the pairing?
Yeah, exactly.
What would you suggest?
What do I want to drink?
I don't know.
Does Dr. Pepper go with the chalupa?
We're going to take a quick break,
and the ad guys are going to come in and do their ads real quick,
and us fun boys will be back right after this.
Hey guys, is it time for me yet?
Not yet.
Okay.
Now it's time for you.
Hold on.
I got to do a bunch of cocaine first.
Okay.
Sorry, who is this character?
Ad man.
Justin, stand back.
Let him do it.
Oh God, he inhaled it through his mouth.
That's not normally how one does the cocaine.
No one ever taught me they don't teach this stuff in school, you know.
They don't.
Squarespace.
Squarespace lets you make a beautiful website
that showcases your work, sell products, and services of all kinds
and promotes your physical or online business and more.
I don't actually know that Squarespace would love.
No, I don't think so.
I was just thinking the same thing, Griffin.
Okay, this is normal Griffin.
Uncocained Griffin.
I've not done any drugs.
This is high on life, walking with Jesus.
High on life, walking with Jesus.
I mean, I smoked a bunch of pot last night,
and I drank coffee this morning,
and I took my sort of brain regulators.
Jesus would be okay with all of those.
Jesus is cool with all that stuff.
And so would Squarespace,
because they have beautiful customizable templates created by world-class designers.
They got everything optimized for mobile right out of the box
and analytics that help you grow in real time
with free and secure hosting and nothing to patch or upgrade.
Hey folks, here's a call to action.
Go to squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial
and when you're ready to launch,
use the offer code mybrother to save 10% off your first purchase
of a website or domain.
Now, here's the Griffin McElroy call to action.
Squarespace has allowed us to get away with so much.
True.
If you need to make a website,
at this point, for the principle of the thing,
go to squarespace.com slash mybrother.
Even if you don't think, if you've ever thought to yourself,
I wonder what having a website's like.
Go to squarespace.com slash mybrother and use the free trial
and when you're ready to launch,
use the offer code mybrother to save 10% off your first purchase
of a website or domain.
Force your boys who have gotten away with murder.
You may be thinking to yourself,
my idea for a website is too rowdy for Squarespace.
Apparently not.
And they will not endorse it.
I can guarantee you, from life experience, this is not the case.
I don't know if Squarespace has a front page like Twitch
or Reddit or something, but if they do,
I'm thinking the rowdier the better to get up to that front page.
I think so.
I think Squarespace is the cool parent who's like,
my kids are going to fuck up.
I would rather they do it at the house.
Yep.
Yeah.
We are safe in this.
Squarespace is going to get us through this bad trip
and they're going to still pay us at the end of the day.
And that's radical and powerful for us.
So squarespace.com slash mybrother for a free trial.
When you're ready to launch, use the offer code mybrother
to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.
Holy shit.
Hey, you know what?
Dolan out accolades.
Same to you, stamps.com.
Yeah.
It says here in the introduction or thought starter,
if you guys want to talk about butts or whatever, go for it.
We're cool.
We know we can't stop you at this point.
We lost the email that lets us cancel these ads.
Right.
There's a two factor sort of code that we have to punch in,
but we reset our phone and we can't stop the machine at this point.
But taking trips to the post office isn't how you want to spend your time.
Stamps.com allows you to-
How do you want to spend your time, Griffin?
Reading this incredible ad copy.
Because they allow you to mail and ship anytime, anywhere,
right from your computer.
You can send letters, ship packages, and pay a lot less
with discounted rates from USPS, UPS, and more.
I was trying to set it up that we could say something ribbled or blue there.
Well, I do still want to promote the business.
Because if you're a small office that's sending out invoices
or an online seller shipping out orders,
or even a giant warehouse sending thousands of packages a day,
stamps.com can't handle it all with ease.
You get 40-
I'm photocopying my butt and mailing that to people.
There it is. They love that, Trav.
They love it?
Well, you can get discounts up to 40% off post office rates
and up to 62% off UPS shipping rates.
Oh, man, 40% off my butt is a great deal.
Yeah, it's like a cheek and a fifth.
So stop wasting time going to the post office and go to stamps.com instead.
There's no risk.
With our promo code MYBROTHER, you get a special offer
that includes a four-week trial plus free postage and a digital scale,
and there's no long-term commitments or contracts.
Just go to stamps.com, click on the microphone at the top of the homepage,
type in MYBROTHER, that's stamps.com, promo code MYBROTHER, stamps.com.
Never go to the post office again.
Maximum Fun is a network by and for cool, popular people.
But did you know it also has an offering designed to appeal to nerds?
A show for nerds?
On Maximum Fun? The devil, you say.
It's true! It's called The Greatest Generation.
And they review episodes of a television program for nerds called Star Trek.
They've reviewed TNG, DS9, and are now reviewing Voyager.
Hey, Star Trek. My daughter enjoys that program.
Well, if she enjoys that and she enjoys humor of the flatulent variety,
might I recommend she subscribe to The Greatest Generation?
Hey, are you calling my kid a nerd?
Why, I ought to...
Well, gotta go!
Become a friend to DeSoto by subscribing to The Greatest Generation on MaximumFun.org today!
Okay, all right.
Yeah.
I want a munch.
Squad! Squad!
I want too much.
Squad?
We've already talked about Taco Bell so much.
It almost counts. We're not gonna talk about Taco Bell, we're gonna talk about Duncan.
Okay.
Real quick note about Taco Bell, though.
They are testing a crispy chicken sandwich taco,
which is gonna be a taco with crispy chicken in it.
There's only one thing that I wanted to point out here.
It's got premium all-white meat, crispy chicken, marinated in jalapeno buttermilk,
then seasoned with bold Mexican spices, and roll in the crunchy tortilla chicken.
Sounds very good.
God, I'm extremely hungry.
I'm just not realizing I would eat 50 of these.
Yep.
I just wanted to read this paragraph.
Taco Bell is offering both a regular and spicy sidekick.
Each sandwich is served in a puffy bread.
Hey, thank you, Taco Bell.
Thank you.
This is a huge moment where Taco Bell has finally let go of any illusions
that they are serving anything that in any way approximates Mexican cuisine.
They are saying, here's what this is in.
It's puffy bread.
We don't have anything to add to it, okay?
It's just puffy bread.
Can I tell you what I love here?
This is like if...
Don't get hung up on this, because it seems like a good lunch spot.
I know, I know, I know.
But we talk about the chicken wars a lot.
And this is like if, like, in World War II, like some other...
Like if, let's see, what's a country I can pull out of my head?
I'm gonna sit here.
If like, if like Brazil.
Oh, no, Brazil I think was in it.
Who's someone?
Yeah, Travis, go on.
Antarctica.
Yes.
If someone in Antarctica at a science research facility said,
you know what, now Antarctica is in the World War II as well,
and we're a major player.
Which side?
We don't know yet.
If somebody wants to court us.
We are still figuring it out.
I'm sorry, fellas, I'm sorry.
I'm looking at a picture of one of these fucking bad boys
and I would do some...
Yeah, I would house it.
I would do terrible things to get one of these in my mouth right now.
Terrible things.
I need to learn which countries are all involved in World War II.
You very much do.
I can tell you some that definitely were.
Don't get me wrong.
Yeah, the big boys.
It's just that I don't know that I...
Some that definitely were, some that definitely were,
and then there's like a whole kind of mushy gray area
where maybe they got into it, maybe they didn't.
Yeah, right?
And I don't want to take a sling at those, right?
Because then that's what I'm gonna hear back like,
oh, no, they did terrible things.
There's probably some that were on the bad guys side
that aren't exactly crone about it, right?
Yeah, right?
Maybe you could ask them to their face and be like,
ah, no, no, no, no.
Hey, was that you?
I don't know.
I'd have to check up on that.
The same thing's happening in the chicken wars, by the way.
We're gonna find out 20 years from now.
Yes, thank you.
We understood.
We know exactly where you were going with that.
Okay.
Burger King, by the way, get in the chicken wars.
I knew it.
They got a new sandwich they've been working on since 2019.
It's got chicken on it.
Probably gone bad by now.
Dunkin' has added avocado toast to the menu, folks.
Huh.
All right.
Yeah.
Kevin Sorbo thinks about that.
So I get Kevin Sorbo on the phone
to ask him about the Dunkin' avocado toast.
What is it?
Dunkin' avocado toast.
You know what it is.
It's a popular pick for breakfast or brunch,
and now it's available for everyone to enjoy quickly
and conveniently as part of any busy day.
Dunkin's avocado toast features creamy avocado spread
made with four simple ingredients.
Avocado, balsamic salt,
black pepper, and lemon juice.
This smooth combination is, man,
they really do have eight paragraphs here
about what avocado toast be.
This smooth combination is spread out edge to edge
on Dunkin's authentic toasted sourdough bread.
This is my favorite part.
Dunkin's authentic toasted sourdough bread
made from a recipe created especially by Dunkin'.
Okay.
Wait, what?
Hold on.
I thought you were gonna say anything else
because that is the least surprising thing you can say.
And let me also just throw this out
to someone who's been making a lot of sourdough bread
over the last year.
There's only like four ingredients in there, Dunkin'.
That's not wildly impressive.
But it's a recipe created especially by Dunkin'
using a true sourdough starter for a tangy twist
that elevates the avocado toast.
Okay.
You put some old flour water in it.
We get it.
Yeah, that's not necessary.
For this one, we have salt.
Yeah.
Yes.
Then for an extra dash of flavor,
the avocado is topped with everything bagel seasoning,
which includes sesame seeds, poppy seeds, onion, and garlic.
Everything, right?
Yeah, it's everything bagel seasoning.
Dunkin's avocado toast is available for $2.99
and is served in a special portable box.
Oh, sorry.
It replaces our previous option of a non-portable box
made from dark matter.
You have to sit here and eat it.
We're going to watch you.
We're going to watch you.
It's chained to the table like a 3DS at E3.
Just sit there and eat it.
The shape of the box is non-euclidean.
Your hand will pass right through the bread.
You might not even know it's the box when you see it.
Dunkin's, this is from Jill Nelson, the veep
over at Marketing and Culinary,
or Mark Cul, as I call it, at Dunkin.
Jill says, Dunkin's new avocado toast
is the definition of quality.
Oh.
Delivered at the speed of Dunkin.
We've taken a popular brunch staple
and made it accessible for anyone
looking for something easy and delicious on the go.
So this avocado toast is for people
that have been hearing a lot about avocado toast
and just thinking like, how can I get me some of that?
Because I cannot piece it together on my own.
I do like, hey, avocado toast now for everyone.
Yeah.
Now you don't have to be some snooty hipster.
Now even your racist uncle can eat avocado toast.
Do you think that this marks the end of avocado toast?
And here's what I mean.
Not that I think Dunkin's going to ruin it,
but now that it's for everyone,
I, a snooty hipster, am less interested in it.
Right, now that it's not fun anymore to blame the collapse
of the housing market and diamond exchange and-
Stocks?
Travel and stocks on this mushed up vegetable?
Yeah.
Then it's not, who cares anymore?
Also, do you think that when avocados came along,
the person who had named eggplant before it was like,
ah, fuck.
Fuck me.
I should have waited.
I should have waited.
That would have been a fucking great name for this thing.
This is way better.
This is way more like an egg.
Fuck.
I'm going to call this, I'm changing this one.
Guys, these are called sick pumpkins now
and eggplant says avocados.
Here's a question.
I live on the edge of a forest
and there have been cougar sightings in the area recently.
Cool.
Ask them out on a date.
Oh, like the animal.
Yeah, that's why we, that's the stuff with the intros again.
Oh, okay.
Remember, we got to think about-
Got it, got it, got it.
I was thinking of cougar as a sexy older lady.
Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, no, for sure.
And your response to that was they live in the forest
and you should go ask them out on a dinner date.
Well, why else would you call them cougars
if they don't live in the forest?
I'm sorry, Mr. Umpire.
I thought the ball would be lower, which is why I swang lower
and I just missed it entirely.
That was the situation there.
Oh, so this is football.
I clearly was misdirected by the goalie.
Yeah, the pitcher tricked me
because he did his body in a different way
than I thought I would hit it pretty hard, actually.
So I'm going to, you know what?
Let me take the double and we'll just call it-
Don't worry, I can't run.
I'm not making it the third.
Yeah.
So there's cougars in the forest.
You've completely, you've ruined me.
I want to make sure there are no cougars nearby
before I let my dog out in the backyard.
I have been told the best way to scare them off
is to speak loudly as they will not approach humans
if they know we're nearby.
My question is, what exactly should I say
that will deter cougars,
but won't make my neighbors think I've lost my mind
when I say it loudly alone in my backyard?
That's from Matt in Vancouver.
He, him.
Okay, Matt.
Any cougars out here?
Okay, cougars, get out.
I can't think of anything else.
This is, this question is going to be a no from me
on a couple-
Just holistically?
Just holistically for a couple reasons.
One, there is nothing you can shout out of your windows
that your neighbors will hear and say, oh, it's okay.
There's no, you can shout,
I'm yelling to scare cougars away.
And then your neighbors will hear like, oh, that's-
What if it's just like,
soup's on, Hezekiah, come in from the fields.
But then they're going to know that one, no fields.
Two, no Hezekiah.
Yeah.
That's a good point though.
And on the flip side,
what if one of the cougars' name's Hezekiah
and they hear that and they say,
hmm, a good dog treat for me.
Thug soup, can't wait.
What if he just yelled out the window,
does anyone want to talk about the latest episode
of WandaVision?
And then people are going to be like,
oh, this is nice in the virtual age.
Someone still wants to talk face to face.
But then what if a cougar's watching WandaVision?
What if then they are?
It's gotta be an important neighborhood announcement.
Something like, hey, I'm going to be so eliminated tomorrow
if anybody wants to get some,
I'll have it outside my house.
Get your quarters ready.
You might have to follow through on that though.
Oh, that's a problem.
Does it have to be talking
or will singing also scare the cougars?
I would think singing would be even more scary.
Yeah, I would think so too.
And maybe this is why barbershop quartets are a thing.
No, okay.
There's no way a barbershop quartet
is going to scare away a cougar.
I mean, I was thinking maybe like metal or like,
but if it's a soothing thing,
that cougar's going to be like, well, now hold on.
Well, no, I'm sorry, Travis.
It's going to be a shitty barbershop quartet.
Oh, okay.
It's going to be daily auditions for a barbershop quartet.
It's going to sound like complete shit.
Oh, like it's going to be like four tenors.
You know what I mean?
It's going to be like four tenors
who are all coming like, moon over Parma.
And everyone's like, no, I'm going to do that one.
And it's so discordant.
Yeah.
Sorry, I had two reasons.
This was the first one.
And the second one is that there will be no deterring
these cougars from eating whatever they damn well feel like.
We live close to nature and we have coyotes.
And that's not a joke.
You hear them every night howling,
apparently over jubilation,
over some poor animal that they have turned into a meal.
And you hear that enough times and you think,
I hope these guys don't know how to pick locks.
Because if that's, there is nothing but a couple skinny locks
keeping me from turning into coyote power.
This is fair because if a cougar moved into my neighborhood
and then left on my porch like a bag of Wendy's, right?
I wouldn't be like, I don't think this Wendy's is for me.
And so you moved to the cougar's neighborhood
and you left a bag of dog on their front porch.
Your dog is named Wendy, which is confusing.
The cougar is going to assume that dog was brought there
as some kind of peace offering from you
who moved into their neighborhood.
If you want to help protect your dog, Wendy,
there is only one thing really that would be useful to yell.
And it's, hey Wendy, you better get jacked
or you're going to get eaten by cougars.
Wendy, you need to get swole.
Do some exercises.
I can't help you.
Here's your magic knife that's poison to cougars, Wendy.
Take outside in your teeth.
Oh yeah, just yell, Wendy, please don't kill another cougar.
Be careful with it, Wendy, it's double poison to dogs.
Which is a design flaw, admittedly.
I'm sorry about the knife.
God, cougars are so big.
We forget about cougars, don't we?
I feel like we've almost never talked,
at least it's been a few hundred episodes
since we talked about how big cougars are.
You see lions on TV or whatever and you're like,
God, I'm so glad I never have to fuck around
with one of those bad boys.
But cougars are in our backyard.
We're always within screaming distance of a cougar.
Unless you live in the big city.
It's a mountain lion, right?
And it's like somebody named it a mountain lion
and someone said, that's too scary.
I'm going to call it a cougar.
And it's like, okay, but it's still a lion.
That's a lion.
And it's like, no, no, no, it's not a lion.
It's a cougar.
Hey, can I do another question?
Yeah, I love that.
Here's a quick Yahoo that was sent in by Amy.
Thanks, Amy.
It's an anonymous Yahoo answers user
who I'm going to name Bianca asks,
why did it take so long to invent vape pens?
Come on, I could imagine them being invented
at least in the late eighties.
Huh.
There's some Monday morning vape inventing going on here.
No, but I like this idea because there are many things
that I can imagine being invented way earlier than they were.
Right.
You know?
Yeah.
Like cars?
Why did it take us so long to figure those out?
I can imagine those being invented in like 1500.
Yeah, we have wheels and boxes.
So can't believe it took us that long
to sort of squish those two concepts together.
Now, okay, okay, wait, wait.
To Bianca's point, the eighties,
what do we know about the eighties?
They were wild.
I love them.
I love the eighties.
Vaporwave was the thing.
It's right there.
I don't necessarily know that the vaporwave aesthetic
really peaked in the eighties or even existed in the eighties.
Okay.
I know what you're saying.
If they could have figured out a way to vape cocaine,
I think it probably would have happened in the eighties.
They probably would have gotten that done.
I think we were clearly smoking
and there was lots of digital technology at that time.
Yeah.
Cell phones, pagers.
Car phones.
Car phones.
And I can't believe somebody wasn't like smoking
while using their car phone and thinking like,
what if the car phone was the smoking?
You know what I mean?
Which is basically what a vape is.
Imagine if we could have watched Zach Morris vape
in Saved by the Bell.
If they had invented it in the eighties,
we would have had it by the nineties.
There would have been Ninja Turtle episodes
about how bad or cool it was.
I'm not sure.
Yeah.
These new truth ads where they show the children
and they're battling big dragons made out of scrap metal
and it's like, this is vaping.
Hey guys, could you have made it look a little less radical?
Yeah.
Like there's some part, there's got to be some kids out there
who are like, I would love to go on an adventure
fighting a big metal dragon.
Hi, I've got a new pitch for a new truth ad.
It's going to be some Fortnite characters vaping.
But who's that?
It's a cool youth pastor who shows up
and tells them that vaping is bad
and then they all eat some apples together.
Yeah.
They go and play laser tag with Spider-Man
and it's like, is this more vaping or not good?
And it's like, but be careful because vaping makes you lose.
Okay.
But it still seems like we had a lot of fun along the way.
And now they're vaping corn dogs.
Wait, what?
Do you know the truth?
The real vaping was the laser tag
we played along the way with Spider-Man.
Remember kids, only cool kids vape.
But then they do maybe later regret it.
All right, Spider-Man out.
Hey.
But maybe they don't.
I don't know.
The science is an M, goodbye.
And red wine's good for your heart.
Or maybe it's not.
Bye.
Wait, hey, the Spider-Man message is getting a little muddy
with the red wine stuff.
Did we cut that?
No, that was in Spider-Man's contract.
He feels very passionately about the red wine thing.
When we went on a great adventure to battle the space monster,
Thanos, that's a lot like vaping.
Now we won, but maybe you won't.
But you're going to have a lot of stories to tell, won't you?
Science is out, folks.
Listen, I got to go.
Don't call me again.
I'm really busy.
Is it better than smoking?
Who the fuck knows?
Is it better than smoking?
Probably.
Is it better than breathing?
Absolutely.
You know, when my friend the Hulk wants to chill out, he vapes.
There it is, Hulk vape.
I vape.
We all vape.
But we are metahumans.
Would it affect you the same way?
I don't know.
The science isn't in yet.
Reed is working on it.
Yes, Dr. Reed Richards is working on the effects of vaping.
Are there more important things he could be working on?
We don't know.
We don't actually know, because it could be so bad.
But also, what a lot of people won't tell you and your mom won't tell you is it could be good.
The science isn't in yet.
This is my new character, Rip.
And he vaped a radioactive vape.
And now he has super vape powers.
And we don't know if this is incur- is he a villain?
Is he a good guy?
We don't know yet.
All I know is that when I got bit by that big magic spider, it made all the vape damage to my lungs instantly go away in a second.
So there's a way out.
There's a way out of this.
Don't let the doctors tell you there's no cure.
There is.
There is.
Big magic tarantula.
Hey folks, thank you so much for listening to our program.
We very much appreciate you.
And we love you and we're so happy that you have us here with you.
We have a lot of stuff going on.
We had to postpone the Adventure Zone live show.
That will be an interactive installment in our Honey Heist series.
That so far has only been one episode, but it's going to be fun.
We're doing choose your own adventure stuff.
We got Eirika Ishii that's going to be on it with us.
And we had to postpone that.
Now it's March 5th, this Friday at 9 p.m. eastern time.
And you can still get tickets for 10 bucks at live.themacroy.family.
Or if you already purchased tickets, obviously those are still good.
And if you can't make the show and need a refund for whatever reason,
that's at bit.ly slash Taz Refunds.
It will be available video on demand.
Of course you'll miss out on the interactive part, but it'll still be there.
Speaking of interactive, just real quick.
Want to mention I started a Twitch channel.
I'm trying to do it.
Oh my gosh.
Trying to do it regularly.
Twitch.tv slash the Travis Macroy.
Well, I'll have to tune into that.
See if you got what it takes.
I think I do.
I know a lot about Twitch.
I've been playing some fun games.
We got a new pin of the month.
It's sausage to me, which is a fun German phrase.
And we talked about it on Shwanners.
And that benefits Feeding Texas, which is the largest hunger relief organization in Texas.
Currently their network is supporting warming shelters for the unhoused,
as well as those without power and water,
in addition to replacing perished food and feeding Texans in need.
So go check that out.
We got an empty bullpen designed by Samuel Reardon.
And a 20 big dog run pin designed by Mel Westphal.
Check those out and everything else at macroymerch.com.
Don't forget to pre-order The Adventure Zone Crystal Kingdom,
the latest in our graphic novel series.
You can pre-order that at theadventurezonecomic.com.
That comes out July 13th, 2021.
That's it.
That's like literally everything.
Thank you to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
Go to MaximumFun.org.
Check out all the great shows there.
And hey, let's wrap up.
Y'all want the final?
Yes, please.
Okay.
The final one was sent in by Amy.
Thank you, Amy.
It's by Yahoo Answers user PandoraX, who asks,
Alcohol, can he go on a pizza?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother.
May you kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Okay, that was the show.
Hope you had some fun.
Talked for an hour and now our job is done.
Go back into the world, face the day ahead.
Please don't tell our grandparents all the cuss words we said.
