The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you want it? Just say, hey I wanna. Just say, hey I wanna.
Begin. Hello everyone and welcome to My Brother, My Brother and Me, an advice show for the modern
era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
Just real quick, two super technical things. One, there's a clock on stage that I think
is supposed to be counting down, but it's not moving. Sometimes it feels like time's not moving
while we're doing this show. And two, someone's recording this, right? Like I didn't check this
beforehand, but it's fine. We apparently are going to spend, you can't see this,
we're going to keep up with the theme of things you can't also see. We are staring at two huge
televisions that are just displaying our picture. The ones that were there, remember just a second
ago? We're apparently going to be fucking barreling those for the entire- Don't take that away. No,
don't take it away because it reminds me how damn handsome I am. What a handsome boy. Look at that
hair. Also, I'm going to give you, the audience, pretty much a 100% guarantee this is not the
biggest table we've ever worked with. There is going to be a big spill of our absolute coffee
drinks. I have two coffee drinks. Thank you all for coming here and thank you to PodCon for having
us. With the response of just like a loud exclamation, how's your PodCon going? All right,
now the nays. Who's having a really shitty PodCon? No. Everybody, just tell me your favorite panel
so far at the same time. One, two, three, go. Cool, cool, cool. A lot of people said yours,
which I feel is a cheat. I'm really excited being here surrounded by creators and just realizing
I'm going to start so many new podcasts. Yeah. I'm starting a new one, a collabo,
me and Lauren Swar from Criminal were on a panel earlier today, and we're doing a new true crime
podcast called Ah, Real Murder. It's really good. It's great. It's like we aren't going to do
research at all. Yeah. My theory is that there's been a trillion people who've ever been on earth,
right? Yeah. Law of large numbers, somebody's been murdered in every conceivable way.
I can just talk about there was one dude who got drowned in a bunch of horsey sauce from Arby's,
and it's probably true. Probably true. Yeah. I'm going to start a new one with Kevin Porter
from Gilmore Guys, where we watch and discuss every episode of Entourage and we call it Entourage.
Is there any way I can presubscribe to that? Because here's the thing, maybe it's good.
No. It's not, but what my book presupposes is...
My new thing's a solo project. It's about the pest and it's called Save the Pest for Last,
and it's a thrilling docudrama about me. There's a John Leguizamo movie called The Pest.
Sorry. I'm sorry, Griffin. A John Leguizamo vehicle.
It drives right off a cliff. Right off a cliff into a shark tank or something,
and it has a really Buckwild intro. It's not especially funny to talk about on the stage.
And it's not funny to watch. No, this is the problem though. I'm glad we've hit on it,
sort of arrived at it organically. We've been doing a lot more live shows and what we find is
it's hard to sort of sit in, sit out, keep the energy up. And we're just three boring guys.
I mean, we just did Tacoma last night. I know.
I was led to believe that Seattle was Tacoma's bitter enemy, so I'm so happy that you could
celebrate them. It's hard to keep the energy up. We don't have pyrotechnics or anything,
so we have been sort of obsessed with this audio file that we found.
It's not the best. We wouldn't do that. Not the best. Because we love you, damn it.
It's not the best. It's 45 minutes of Paul Stanley stage banter.
You know Paul Stanley from Kiss? From Kiss.
He's the one with the star. Yeah. So rather than us try to keep the energy
up and get everybody really excited, we thought we'd just let Paul Stanley do it.
For 45 whole minutes. Welcome to the fucking dungeon.
Not real. It's not real Paul Stanley. He couldn't make it, but we do have this audio file.
He sends his regrets. Yeah.
Just one thing you should, for the next couple of minutes, you should pretend you're in Toronto.
That will really help. It'll really hide the effect.
Also pretend like you're playing the Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time and Navi is floating
over your shoulder for reasons that will become instantly apparent.
Also pretend like you know anything about the titles of Kiss songs.
Yeah. So you know what he's building up to.
He's going to be building up to some things that you're not going to be aware of where he's headed.
So just sort of hang in there. All right.
So let this just absorb this and let it get you so psyched.
This is 45 minutes of Paul Stan- Well, two minutes of Paul Stanley stage.
Two minutes of 45 minutes of Paul Stanley.
All right! Toronto! You feel good! All right then, listen.
You know, we may be under clear blue skies, but you know, it's getting a little
cool out tonight, but that ain't going to stop us because if we try hard enough,
we're going to get this place. I said we're going to get this place.
How did that help?
Can we get it a little louder? All right, listen.
I want to know if we got any people here tonight that like to get high.
You got any people tonight that are high?
All right then, listen.
You know, every once in a while, we like to get a little wasted.
We like to take a taste of alcohol.
And I tell you, when we won't get going, we ain't going to be drinking no Southern Comfort.
No, no. No, we ain't going to be drinking no tequila.
Because I tell you, when we won't get going, you know there's only one drink that gets us moving.
There's probably people who want the alcohol. He's building to it.
I can't hear you. All right, Toronto.
Listen, listen. You know, it wasn't too long ago we was here and I'll tell you,
every time we come here, damn it, it just gets better and better.
You people are dynamite.
That's it.
It goes on like that for another 43 minutes.
And we've listened to that like five times in the last 48 hours.
Listen! Listen! Toronto!
You gotta get the Daeku nut and throw it at stuff.
Does anybody know what fucking alcohol song he's building to?
Old gin? Old gin? Wolf gin?
I get drunk on old gin.
It's really gross. Listen!
I like the way the dust particles settle in it.
You gotta find the master sword.
Toronto!
Toronto!
Give it a try for us.
Hey, let's do a podcast.
You can't just play 45 minutes of Paul Stanley audio and call it a podcast.
Or can you? Hello, PodCon.
My new podcast, uh, so thank you to Paul.
Stand'em. That's what I would call it.
Yeah, it's not bad.
Yeah, it's not bad. It's not a good reaction, though.
We take your questions and turn them alchemy-like into wisdom.
And so, thank you.
So we're gonna do that now.
Lights are so bright. They're very bright lights.
So bright.
Hey, let's take it down. No, don't take it down.
I like it.
I am traveling from Salt Lake to Seattle,
and I'm wondering how the heck I'm supposed to take my skateboard on an airplane.
I have no idea.
And I don't want to leave it behind because it is my main form of transportation.
That's from skater boy on the salt dare.
At that point, isn't, isn't the airplane your...
No, he's skitching, skitching the whole way here.
Please watch out for the jets.
They are not conducive to skitching.
I mean, you got a skateboard onto the tarmac.
Absolutely.
Up the luggage thing, onto the wing,
transfer over the chassis of the plane.
Into jail.
Into jail, out of jail, back onto the wing,
smash through the window of the airplane.
The flight will be grounded.
They need that window so bad.
It's important for the vacuum.
The vacuum. I don't understand much about airplane technology,
but I think the vacuum is quite important.
I have seen people bring, like, really weird shit on an airplane.
Yes.
Can't you just, can't you just bring...
Yeah, it's not...
It's so funny.
It's a very funny thing to say, Travis.
Is this your first episode of My Brother, My Brother, and Me?
So...
The hard part is TSA.
Cause they're going to be like, do you have anything dangerous?
And you're going to be like, I should fucking say I do.
I should fucking say I do.
Do you have any paper you need shredded?
And then you do a flip.
You do a kickflip and then you shred somebody's passport
with how hard your kickflip is.
They say, do you have anything electric in there?
Yeah, I guess.
Yeah, it is.
It is electrifying.
Oh, okay.
You have any liquids?
Yes.
The piss you're going to piss when you see me do my cool skateboard tricks.
If you get your, it's not conventional or cheap,
but if you get your passport printed on a skateboard,
they are going to have to let you board with it.
Or get your passport photo taken with your skateboard in it.
And so you show up, you're there, you're looking at your ticket.
They're like, this isn't you.
And you're like, oh, hold on.
Here's what you're going to have to do.
You could wear it as a hat in the passport photo and be like,
no, it's a medicinal skateboard.
It's a medicinal skateboard hat.
I need it for life.
You're going to have to break your skateboard down into its component parts
and disguise them as other parts of your luggage.
Like use the wheels on your suitcase, right?
Yes.
And put the skateboard board,
the board part on the back of the suitcase,
and then put the trucks in the suitcase.
Trucks?
Trucks.
The?
Trucks, yeah.
Axles?
Yes.
I don't know.
I'm pretty in touch with skateboard culture.
I don't know how the security line at the TSA works,
but I think one of the main things they hate is components.
Any sort of component-based thing they're like not wild about.
Even if you promise them, no, no, no.
It's cool.
I'm going to build a skateboard.
I still don't think that's good.
I know how this looks.
I know how this looks, what with all the components,
but it is for a skateboard.
How about a Yahoo?
If you've never listened to our show,
sometimes we make fun of people on Yahoo Answers.
No.
We make fun with them.
We make fun with them.
We help them out.
Are there any people who actually just show hands?
Any people who have never listened to our show before they're here?
Anybody?
Hey, all right.
All right.
All right.
Toronto.
New people.
Every time I come to podcast, it just gets better and better.
Better! You people are dynamite!
The podcast is not usually us shrieking Paul Stanley quotes.
This Yahoo is sent in by the delivery man himself, Seth Carlson.
Thank you.
It's Yahoo Answers user Carol who asks,
should spaghetti be way shorter?
I'm not talking about that macaroni.
I'm not talking about that penne.
I'm talking about that short spaghetti.
I really love word choice and Yahoo's is always my favorite part
because the question is not, could spaghetti be shorter?
But should it?
Ethically.
Would it be okay?
Morally, is spaghetti too long?
I know a lot of times I'm sucking one of those good, good nudes up
and I get about-
Whoa!
And it's not a good-
No, okay.
Yikes!
In retrospect, it's not a good truncation.
And we've all learned a lot here tonight.
Maybe dulls.
Dulls?
No, just noodles.
Dulls, noodles.
Noodles?
Noodles, noodles.
You know what I'll say?
Spaghetti noodles.
Sometimes I'm consuming a spaghetti noodle
and get two thirds of the way through and I'm like, ugh, I get it.
You're talking-
You're saying-
Take a break.
Get to that point and I'm like, ugh, I'm over it.
You're saying that we need-
What if you get full at that exact moment?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I don't want the last third of this noodle.
Too much.
Too much for me.
You're saying way shorter is way too short.
You want a master's finesse on these noodles.
A keen eye taking maybe 8% of the noodle off just a little-
I would like bespoke noodles.
Yes.
I would like someone who measures the inside of my mouth
and then makes noodles accordingly.
I want someone, I want a waiter to come to my table
with what appears to be a mop
full of spaghettis of varying lengths
and then ask me very personal questions about my upbringing.
Select the right noodle.
Measure your mouth with a special ruler.
And then maybe come around with a golden pair of scissors
that they discard immediately after you-
Throw it right away.
And it's just like, that's too much noodle.
And they just take care of it-
Ooh, they could cut it right in front of your mouth.
Right in front of your mouth.
You're going like, that's it, win.
Yes, of course, sir.
Thank you, sir. Okay, what if they just come to the table
with a bathtub full of spaghetti
and they stand there and just let you keep sucking it up
until you're full and then-
And hidden inside is a flag.
You're going to space camp, my friend.
I feel like if spaghetti was way shorter,
you would have fork issues.
This would now become a spoon food.
Yeah.
Well, not only that, how unsatisfying would it be
if you were like-
You like the noodly hanging,
the Cthulhu effect of the noodles.
There's a certain sound wave that happens
as you inhale the noodle.
That's like-
Right, that's one of my-
Yeah, also my vape noise.
Is there spaghetti flavored vape?
Yep.
If we're going to make them shorter,
we should probably make them thicker as well.
Oh, God.
I want-
How thick are we talking?
What's the diameter juice?
Like baked bean can size spaghetti noodles
that are about this long and this big around.
I want it to be like,
man, I want some spaghetti in four hours.
I better start braising this.
So like a puck of spaghetti.
Exactly.
How do you want it?
It only comes al dente.
It can't get very cooked.
That's great. You can just lay it on its side
and just take a big bite of it from the top.
I like-
You're laughing,
but there's a dark part of you-
You would.
You do.
You, you.
There's a part of you that's like,
put a sear on it, maybe.
I don't know.
I need a nasty noodle can.
Yeah, I eat a nasty can of noodle.
Where does the sauce go?
It's just sauce flavored.
If you put it-
Oh, God.
This is not a food of opulence.
This is a food of convenience that's for you.
It's obviously inside.
Oh.
Yeah, like a secret pocket.
If you cut it, it just sort of-
Oh, gotta be careful now,
because now we're talking about a big ravioli.
No, no, no.
Holy shit.
No.
It's all connected.
Okay.
All pastas, kind of the same, yeah.
Okay, time out, time out.
Quick ravioli check, if anybody's ever-
Anyone here a ravioli?
You have to tell us there's entrapment.
You, you know that classically,
this, the marinara is not stuffed inside the ravioli.
Like a gusher.
Like a savory marinara gusher.
It's not like that.
Oh, no, that's a pizza roll.
Okay, fair.
Why have they never made savory gushers,
now that I'm thinking about it?
Fucking cowards, all of you.
Here's what it should be.
It should be a packet of gushers.
99% of them are sweet.
One is savory.
I gotta be careful though,
I don't want my head to turn into a big ravioli,
like the commercials for gushers.
So, recently at my parents' house,
I found an old trunk full of the bram with dusty puppets.
Hello, we're the dusty puppets!
Hello, Toronto!
Hello, Toronto!
I also found proof that my father was involved
in competitive puppetry.
Okay, hold on.
You find a trunk of dusty puppets,
that speaks for itself.
Oh, my father used puppets.
What is the proof that your dad used to do competitive-
Articles.
In clippings.
The only thing I think is a trophy for competitive puppetry.
A medal.
No, a local teen competes with puppets.
Yeah.
This could have been something we talked about as a family before,
and maybe I just forgot.
No.
You would not have forgotten.
No, you would not have forgotten.
Absolutely not.
I feel like I would have remembered puppets.
Yep.
Either way, this cannot go unaddressed.
When is the best time to bring up that you know about your father's secret past
as a competitive puppeteer?
That's from quote, I know about the puppets in Paris.
Okay, I would like to pose the scenario.
Justin is the dad here, okay?
Okay.
I don't think you want to do that.
His father's a strong man, and he put the puppets away for a reason.
I'm not ready for whatever kind of reaction he's going to have.
Like a cobra.
He competes at a professional level.
Yeah.
What is a puppet competent-
Can we address what competitive puppetry is?
Okay, options.
One, you're trying to knock off the other guy's puppet.
With your puppet or a pre-made?
My puppeting's so hard.
It is non-contact competitive puppeteering.
You scare them very bad with your good-
Yeah.
Okay, option two.
How long can you puppet before someone realizes it's not a real person?
That's it.
Start the clock.
Because when-
Hi, everybody.
Hey, Steve.
How's it going? Just another hard day-
Wait a minute.
Stop the clock.
This guy's felt.
He's got googly eyes.
When Sesame Street came out, nobody knew.
And so reviews of the first episode of Sesame Street was like,
they have the biggest bird I've ever fucking seen.
It talks at everything.
They found a real fucking cryptozoological monster, and it loves cookies.
10 out of 10 stars.
Put it on PBS, Darla.
There's a giant hairy elephant, and it's talking.
He's in a trashcan.
I don't even know what's up.
My one-year-old son loves Sesame Street, though.
That's probably really what it's like for him.
That must be nice.
Love to go back to imagine.
Love to go back.
To have an imagination again.
To believe in hope and goodness.
Competitive puppeteering.
Competitive puppetry of the penis.
Is that anything?
I don't want it to be a thing.
Is that just like,
I don't want it to be a thing.
Is that just like,
Yeah.
Puppetry of the penis does exist.
That's not from my mind's eye.
It was on Showtime late at night when I was a teenager.
Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe I'm competitive.
Puppetry of the penis.
You're using your competitor's penis.
Yes, absolutely.
That's a short match.
Yes, I give.
Mercy, mercy, mercy.
I quit.
All right, and we're ready to say, I'm done.
I'm out.
How about a yahoo?
I have another one.
Wait, hold on.
I think I know what competitive puppetry is.
Oh, good.
Two puppeteers, the same puppet.
And they take turns and it's like,
no, that was, that was what that puppet is.
I thought you meant two hands, one puppet.
And I'm not going to make the cheap joke
that sounds like two hands, one puppet.
Cause that's below us and it's fucking 2017 AD.
The year of our Lord on the Gregorian calendar.
Stop it.
This is from the delivery man, Seth Carlson again.
Thank you, Seth.
It's yahoo answers user, the DS guy who asks,
is a jelly donut a donut?
Now listen, you think you know where this question is going.
I mentioned the donut man to my Sunday school teacher.
So he played his guitar and sang a song.
Life without Jesus is like a donut because there's
a hole in the middle of your heart.
Everyone loves this jam.
You guys know that one, right?
I said, what about donuts without holes?
He played and sang the same song, but with different lyrics.
A donut without a hole is not a donut.
So I said, what about a jelly donut?
He sang the same song with the lyrics.
A jelly donut is not a donut.
So is he right?
Is a jelly donut, not a donut?
Is a donut without a hole, not a donut?
Is a life without Jesus like a donut?
Is there a hole in the middle of your heart?
Jesus wants to fill that hole.
My favorite mental picture of this is the progression
of the Sunday school teacher whose face plays the first song.
But what about a donut without a donut hole?
Well, that's ridiculous.
Okay, second song.
And then third, what about a jelly donut?
Jelly donut is not a donut.
The, this Sunday school teacher looked in the mirror that morning
before class and said to himself,
I am out of things I know about Jesus.
I have a Sunday school class today and I've taught them
all the cool things that I learned about Jesus.
All his wanderings and his ways, I have taught them all.
I should try to vamp.
I hope someone asks the question that allows me to vamp off of it.
But here's the thing.
If you tell a six-year-old that life without Jesus is like a donut,
how's that six-year-old not like sweet?
Awesome.
Yeah.
Fucking sick, bro.
I love donuts.
Donuts are awesome.
If I remember correctly, the song is literally like,
it's good for a little while, but then like-
No.
Then you hit the center where there's no more donuts.
That's not how donuts work.
I've never eaten a donut and be like,
hey, where'd it go?
What the hell?
Why did you do this to me, Jesus?
There's no donut in the middle of the donut.
Do you think that anybody tried to tell that cat like,
I know you think you have something with this track,
but that sounds pretty rad.
I don't think we necessarily want to compare these two things.
Also, long johns are donuts.
They don't have holes.
Is a Danish a donut?
No, it's a Danish, stupid.
Now wait.
Okay.
Is a jelly donut just a Danish?
Jelly donut's just a closed over Danish that hasn't been circumcised.
Okay.
Well, think about it.
I'd rather not.
No, I get it.
You brisk that jelly donut.
Now we're working Danish territory.
We're in Denmark.
No, hold on.
Justin's moved the mic.
Oh, shit.
Wait, hold on.
The people who raised their hands just looked around so confused.
I come from the land of the ice and snow.
This is a very, very litigious band.
I want a munch.
Hey, everybody.
Welcome to Munch Squad.
It's a podcast within a podcast.
We're so honored to be at PodCon when the McElroy brothers got the invite.
We didn't know if we would also be on the list,
but we begged and pleaded our way in and we're so excited to be with you to share this.
I can see not very well Justin's iPad from this side of the table.
I just saw sort of a brown sort of mass that maybe is sort of...
Don't give it away.
Okay.
Big news, everyone.
Cinnabon against God.
It doesn't say that.
That's me editorializing.
S-I-N-A-B-U-N.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Cinnabon is stuffing a cinnamon roll inside a cookie.
Wait.
There's no space inside a cookie.
Unless this cookie is the fucking TARDIS.
I do not understand how this feat is possible.
It's spreading a cinnamon bun.
Cinnamon roll.
Wait, what?
Cinema bun.
Cinema bun.
A cinema bun.
Cinema bun inside a cookie.
They're taking a cookie and they're putting a fucking cinnamon roll inside of it.
That should be the end of the press release.
My favorite thing about Munch Squad is that sometimes in order to justify...
I'll just say it.
Their sin.
They come up with a fake situation that they're solving.
Like, no, you see, it's not a sin against Jesus.
We're solving a problem.
And the fake problem they've invented for this delight...
Not enough diabetes.
Yeah, right.
Is one of my favorites so far.
The days of deciding between a fresh warm cookie
and an ooey gooey Cinnabon cinnamon roll are no more.
These are two different day periods that you eat these foods.
Also, who made both of them at the same time?
Who was like looking at the oven like, what's this?
Oh, we fucked up.
We did two bakings.
In honor of National Cookie Day, Cinnabon will...
I mean, desecrate the idea of a cookie.
It'll slit its throat in front of its family.
Cinnabon will offer the most ingenious treat to date.
The Cookie Bond Bite.
This item takes the beloved chocolate chip cookie to another level.
Hell, pretty bad.
By baking a Bond Bite...
Imagine the, like...
Pretend you're the person creating this
and see if your brain doesn't try to stop you.
It probably will.
It takes the Bond Bite,
the bite-sized version of Cinnabon's world famous cinnamon roll,
inside a chocolate chip cookie.
Where?
Where?
Where?
It will only be available for a limited time,
as will the people who consume it, ironically.
There's no better way to celebrate National Cookie Day
than with the quintessential combination of cookies and milk.
Stop acting like you're fucking honoring the cookie
when you're remixing it and shitting on it.
There's no better way to celebrate your last National Cookie Day.
Huh.
To provide guests with the ultimate dunking experience.
Who dumps a fucking cinnamon roll?
They partnered with Fair Life
to provide a free eight ounce bottle of milk.
Your last one for every Cookie Bite purchase on December 4th.
And we put cookies in it.
Fuck off.
Fuck off.
The nutrient-rich ultra-filtered milk is lactose-free.
It contains 50% more protein, 30% more calcium.
I am.
Wait, and 50% less sugar than regular milk.
Do not care about the nutrients in the milk of the Nightmare Bomb
that I'm shoving down my hate gullet.
That's the worst misdirect I've ever heard.
But the milk is so wicked good for y'all.
Seriously.
The milk's totally gonna cover for the sugar mess.
The milk's like, not fine.
He's with me.
The bad cookie will hide in the milk in your tummy.
Um, there's more.
Sharing a passion for the highest quality ingredients yield...
I don't care if this shit's made out of emeralds.
And gold leaf.
Cinnabon and Fair Life make the perfect pair, just like Milky Cookies.
Let's check in with Jill Thomas,
the Vice President of Global Marketing for Cinnabon.
Free me from this prison.
The Cookie Bomb Bite is one of our yummiest examples of creativity
to come out of the Innovation Kitchen.
Hatred and creativity are different things, Jill.
But they occupy the same part of our awful brain.
The extent to which we despise humanity has never been more full-on.
We've never hurt you more.
The delicious Cookie Bomb Bite joins two extraordinary baked goods
to create an unexpected out-of-this-world flavor combination not to be missed.
How?
Because here's the thing.
Show me a picture of this bad boy.
All I'm picturing is like Saturn,
where there's literally just like a salmon bun thing.
You're not that far off, my man.
I don't know if y'all...
Probably not, right?
But I can try to...
Somebody...
Yeah, I mean, I need it too.
That's what you're all fucking thinking.
You wanted to laugh, but like secretly you're like,
hell yeah, I fucked that up.
No question.
I just, it's...
Do you think after they put this press release out,
somebody leaned in and like,
why didn't we just do like a chocolate chip cinnamon roll?
And they're like, oh, shit.
Damn it.
That's because they were getting into their partnership
with Nashville's Christie Cookie Company,
the brand behind the famous DoubleTree by Hilton Cookie.
We take your favorite hotel cookie and we put it
in a fucking cinnamon roll.
What do we care?
We take your favorite hotel cookie,
put it in your favorite airport cinnamon roll.
Our partnership with Christie Cookie Company
is just one example of our dedication
to supporting premium bakery brands
that offer craveable products on par with Cinnabon.
Are you sure you want to do that, Jill?
You sure you want to wash the throne that hard?
There is one kind of day you can have after eating one of these,
I feel like.
In a way, like maybe it's a relief you eat one of these
and it's like, well, clear my schedule.
Yeah, it transforms your khakis into sweats.
This is a cookie you look at all day and think, not yet.
Not yet.
Not yet.
Not yet.
Not yet.
I still have things to do in this world.
How about another question?
Yup.
I work at a bridal store.
Oops.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Questions went away.
I work at a bridal store and have
to work in pretty close proximity
to a lot of our customers.
When I notice that someone smells particularly nice,
it's such a pleasant surprise.
I often find myself complimenting them on it.
It's too late.
It's too late for them.
Next question.
Move on.
They're done.
They fucked up too bad.
The problem is saying, wow, you smell really good.
Sometimes comes off the wrong way.
Are you sure?
What?
Go on.
However, I think saying sorry I'm not trying to be creepy
might actually make it worse.
Yes.
Oh, you don't say.
Both are right.
Should I stop complimenting this aspect of my customers completely
or just stop apologizing for it?
That's from Sorry for Smelling in Nebraska.
Are you here?
I heard so much response.
Yes or no?
And I'll count it down.
Is this acceptable behavior?
Yes or no?
Three, two, one.
So I heard a lot of yes there.
I heard six yeses.
Travis's challenge accepted.
We're going to do round robin and try to say this in a way
that isn't creepy.
No, no, no.
We can do that.
We can do that.
People edit it out and make it sound like a thing, I think.
Some of us have acting degrees.
Okay.
Justin has three quarters of an acting degree.
I have a whole acting degree.
All right, here we go.
That was just me clearing my throat.
I gotta let him get through it.
Just let me get to it.
Yeah.
Your musk.
Okay.
No, okay.
Gotta let him get through it.
Gotta let me get through it.
Because you don't know how it's gonna end.
The fragrance you're exuding.
Right?
No, I'm out.
I quit.
I'm tapping out.
I'm out.
Okay, everybody be quiet.
No.
No?
Your smell.
No, can't start with a sniff.
Okay, let me try it.
Let me try again.
Let me try.
Okay, okay, okay.
No.
Okay, no.
Absolutely not.
Cannot.
Griffin, do you wanna-
Your particles.
All right.
They smell good.
You're done.
It's done.
What if you're just like...
Oh, nice.
No need to-
Okay, let's act it out.
Act it out.
You do it.
I'm leaning down to look at a veil that I like.
Okay.
Oh, nice.
What if I don't do the sniff?
Okay, let's try again.
Okay.
Oh, nice.
What?
What's up?
There's a good smell in here from sniffing.
There's a smell in here from somebody.
Somebody in here smells good.
Live your life with-
Not me.
Not me.
Who else is it?
Is it me?
I guess so.
Or somebody else who was in here before.
That's not weird, is it?
I love you.
I love you too.
That dress is for our wedding now.
I stole your fucking wedding.
Live your life with the confidence of the person willing to claim the good smell is them.
It's me.
It's me.
You got it.
I know if you missed up before going outside, you know you're the one with the good smell.
You always know if you're the one with the smell, no matter what kind of smell it is.
Actually, here's the thing.
I live my life every day afraid that I smell bad and no one's telling me.
That's just like, I leave her room out.
Jesus.
I know.
I have a lot of weird anxiety.
A lot.
And so for someone to look at me and be like, hey, straight up, you smell good.
No.
Still, you said that out loud and even then after you said it, you still realized it's not good.
I think the only way that would actually work is if I traveled back in time to myself and said,
hey, you smell good.
There's no good way really to compliment a stranger about more or less anything, which is fine.
Maybe an anonymous comment card situation.
Everybody should have like a suggestion box that they carry like a fanny pack on their back though.
And so you slip it in there where they're not like, and it's like, totally cool.
The smell is nice.
No, it's still not good.
What about a missed connections web page?
Still not good, Travis.
But then it just says like, you came into my store and you smell good.
And then you'd be like, I think that was me.
Go to them and say, hey, what's your LinkedIn?
And they'll tell you.
You say, okay, good.
You got a good reputation.
Come in your way, keep an eye on, keep an eye on your inbox.
What if there was just a sign over the door that says someone in here smells good?
Then he could just like point to, you could ask them what shampoo.
Ooh, Ooh, Ooh, Ooh, Ooh.
Nevermind I got two y'all.
All right.
I think I've got it.
I think I've got it.
Okay.
They're trying on the dress or veil or whatever.
And you say, what's that smell?
No, no, I can't, you can't.
Especially now when someone's changing clothes.
Yeah, can't, can't do it.
You think they're going to be talking about a butt?
No, you can't.
What's that smell has never been followed with the rest of the sentence cause it's great.
All right, stop, stop.
What's that good smell?
No, no, what's that good smell is fucking bulletproof.
You enlist them in the mystery.
Let us live around together.
And they might say, Oh, I have a scent on, it might be me.
And then you can say like, Oh yeah, I guess that's it, done.
Don't need to drag it out any, what have you, what have you gained?
What have you gained?
This is why can't you smell the smell, think in your head, that's nice.
And then store that positive moment away for yourself.
Even that's kind of funny.
I'm going to save, I'm not going to say anything, but I'm going to save the memory of your great
smell for myself later.
I'm going to enjoy it later.
I think maturity is just a series of starting to say really fucked up things and then thinking
now it's just for me.
Yeah, that one.
That one's staying in the old dome.
Or just not thinking them.
Listen, I wish I had that kind of self control.
Hey everybody, this is Griffin.
Thank you so much for listening to this episode of My Brother and My Brother and Me, our live
show from PodCon.
PodCon was a ton of fun.
If you didn't get a chance to go to it, you missed out on seeing some really great panels
or did you miss out?
Because you can still get a streaming ticket and watch archives of all the stuff that we
talked about there.
Thank you so much to everybody who was there.
You all were very, very cool and it was nice to meet everybody.
Let's talk about some of our sponsors this week so you can get back to listening to the
rest of the episode.
Our first sponsor is NatureBox.
If you're trying to eat better, the holidays are a minefield.
They got chocolates, they got cookies, they got candied canes.
Let NatureBox help you out with snacks that you love that are delicious and better for
you.
NatureBox has over 100 delicious snacks made from high quality, simple ingredients.
That means no artificial colors, flavors, or sweeteners.
Just go to NatureBox.com, choose your snacks, and NatureBox will deliver them right to your
door.
New snacks are added every month.
If you don't like a snack, they'll just replace it for free.
Right now, NatureBox is offering My Brother, My Brother, and Me fans 50% off your first
order when you go to NatureBox.com slash my brother.
That's NatureBox.com slash my brother for 50% off your first order.
One last time, that's NatureBox.com slash my brother.
I also want to tell you all about Harry's because Harry's is the best way to get razors
that you can use on any of your parts that you don't want as much hair on anymore, I
guess.
I have a Harry's razor that I use to shave with and it gets my face as smooth as a seal's
ass.
But anyway, you already know that Harry's is dedicated to making amazing quality products
at a super reasonable price.
But Harry's also makes a great gift.
So this holiday, Harry's is offering custom and limited edition shaving sets.
They come with German engineered five blade cartridges that provide a close comfortable
shave.
They got foaming shave gel that smells amazing.
They have special limited edition winter chrome and emerald green handles and you can personalize
it with engraving.
Sets come ready to gift in beautifully designed gift boxes and start at just $10.
And as a special offer for fans, we have partnered with Harry's to give you $5 off your order
when you go to Harry's.com slash my brother.
This offer's only available for the holidays.
So this holiday, give Harry's and give handsome.
Shipping cutoffs end this week, so act now to get your gifts delivered in time.
To get a limited edition holiday shave set while supplies last, go to Harry's.com slash
my brother right now.
That's Harry's.com slash my brother.
Got a few Jumbotrons for you as well.
First off, I want to tell you about Toontown Public Works.
It's the hot new podcast.
So much buzz at PodCon.
People are just gabbing, gabbing, gabbing about Toontown Public Works and those people know
about fucking podcasts.
Do you like old cartoons that are wrongfully or rightfully forgotten?
Do you like hearing about the latest in animation news?
Do you like discussions of the socio-political implications of the Three Stooges?
Join HT the raccoon, Casey the dog, and Cirque the cat in Toontown Public Works, a podcast
of three Toons going through shorts that fell in the public domain while giving their thoughts
on the Toons of past, present, and future.
P.S.
Casper isn't a dead kid, but the product of ghost fucking.
Look it up.
I believe I will.
Anyway, go to iTunes, Stitcher, or wherever you get your podcasts and search for Toontown
Public Works or just follow them on Twitter at Toontown Public.
Another Jumbotron here.
For this one, I want you to help out the kids of the Running to Places Theater Company at
bit.ly slash pobuddiesnerfix.
That's a great little URL you've secured there.
Running to Places is a non-profit youth community theater company for teens.
Participation is totally free and it's crazy fun.
My name's Joey and I founded R2P 11 years ago.
I definitely did not get approval from my board to pay for this ad.
Please help me not get fired while helping us keep R2P free for the kiddos by donating
at bit.ly slash pobuddiesnerfix before somebody notices the charge on our card and starts
asking questions.
If we get enough donations to cover the cost of the ad, am I good?
I think so.
Please help this person keep their job and please help keep this really cool sounding
theater company alive.
This sounds like a really great way to spend some of your bucks this holiday season.
Speaking of, there's also the MBMBAM Angels Project where you can help out people in Huntington
who are in need this holiday season.
Our local paper puts out a list called Empty Stockings.
It's just a list of some of the most heartbreaking things that people are asking for this holiday
season.
We just ask that our fans who are always so supportive of stuff like this to go to MBMBAMangels.com
and check out some of the things that you can help out with for people in Huntington
this holiday season.
We sure do appreciate your generosity and we are sure that they do as well.
Thank you to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
You can go to MaximumFun.org and check out all the great shows there.
Shows like Lady to Lady, Stop Podcasting Yourself, Tights and Fights, and so many more.
If you want to check out our other shows, you can go to McElroyShows.com.
I think that's it.
Thank you so much for listening and thank you to everybody at PodCon who came out to
the panel.
I think next week we are going to have just sort of a regular episode and then after that,
well, two Mondays from now is actually Christmas Day, so it'll probably go up on Tuesday, but
we're probably just going to put up our Candle Nights live show that we're doing in Huntington
that we are so stoked for.
Thank you all so much for grabbing tickets for that and helping it sell out as quickly
as it did.
So, yeah, we will talk to you next week.
Goodbye.
Hey, Helen Hong.
Yes, J. Keith Van Straaten?
What's the difference between a layover and a stopover?
I have no idea.
What's the difference between optimal and optimum?
I have no idea.
What's the difference between an actual conversation and a promo for our new show on Maximum Fun,
Go Fact Yourself?
Nobody has any idea.
Go Fact Yourself, the game show with celebrity contestants, super smart experts, and answers
to questions you've never even asked.
Listen twice a month on MaximumFun.org or wherever you get your podcasts and be in the
audience for our tapings of Go Fact Yourself in downtown L.A.
It's free.
Go to GoFactYourPod.com for more info.
We're having a very realistic conversation.
Yes, we are.
I have another Yahoo if you all want it.
Yeah.
Well, do you want to...
Okay.
Yeah.
What's wrong?
No, I just...
We had the other question.
I didn't know if you wanted to...
Yeah, let's do the Yahoo first.
Yeah.
It's from Aaron Keith sent this one in.
Thank you, Aaron.
It's Yahoo.
It's an anonymous Yahoo answers user.
We're going to call them...
Anonymous.
Okay.
Travis decided that anonymous is the funniest name to call them.
No, it's A. It's short for Aaron-nonymous.
Aaron-nonymous.
Oof.
Still.
Asks, what does Robert want for Christmas?
Robert, are you here?
Robert.
Our group of friends are exchanging gifts for Christmas this year, but I have no idea
what Robert wants.
Hey, real quick show of hands.
How many Roberts do we have?
Okay, wait.
Keep them up.
One, two.
This is your day, Roberts.
Congrats.
Hey, everybody.
Not as many as I would have thought.
Can I get every Robert to just stand up real quick?
Hey, everybody, let's give them a big round of applause.
Thank you to all the Roberts for coming out.
So cool, you guys.
Thank you.
Yeah.
We're going to get Robert here.
Thank you, Robert.
Now, sit down, Robert.
That's it.
All right.
Now, the people who are with Robert, what does Robert want for Christmas?
A copy of Terminator 2 on DVD so he can remember the great time he had shooting that movie
with his friend Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Yes, it's Robert Patrick.
Robert Patrick's here?
Maybe some nice, pulpy orange juice because it's Robert Loja, and that's about as
deep a cut as I can possibly deliver here on My Brother, My Brother, Me is the orange
juice commercial starring Robert Loja.
After our show or during it, if it keeps up like this, Google Robert Loja orange juice
commercial.
You're in for a real treat.
What is Robert?
Maybe Robert wants 10,000 American dollars.
Choice.
It fits every time.
Maybe what Robert wants is for you to get to know Robert well enough to know what Robert
wants.
Maybe you haven't spent enough time one-on-one.
Applause.
A weird peel of applause.
Yeah, Robert's been in the dumps lately.
Robert just wants a fucking friend.
I need a new season of Serial to explain why that applause just happened.
I need a forensic examination of where it started and who was my absolute friend.
Maybe Robert needs a friend.
Yes.
Episode one would be like blink, blink, blink, blink.
They certainly didn't earn that applause.
Where did it come from?
Maybe Robert wants you to fucking stop calling him Bob.
Yeah, he would very much appreciate that.
He's asked you so many times.
I should have asked how many Bobs we have.
Oh, how many Bobs?
No, we're done.
That bit plays once and sometimes not even that many times.
How many people here aren't named Robert?
Okay, one, two, uh, are you done talking about Robert?
Robert's so great, but I'm actually done talking about Robert.
Probably a blanket.
How good's that last question?
It's the one with the kid.
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
Now, let's go to audience questions.
All right.
Sorry, kid.
I'm just gonna read it and then we won't address it, but now it won't be a fucking mystery.
I don't want serial season three to be like, he said it was about a kid.
Blink, blink, blink.
I have a nephew who just turned three years old.
Whenever anyone is upset, he likes to diffuse the tension by yelling things and being silly
until everyone is cheerful again.
I'm right there with you, kid.
That's adorable.
However, lately his go-to phrase for this has been fucking A, which he picked up from
my mom.
While it's not a huge deal with us, he may be going to daycare soon and probably shouldn't
be swearing around other people's kids.
How do we get him to stop swearing?
That's from Ant of a Cool Seattle Baby.
Just get rules.
Just get rules.
I don't have an answer.
Oh, hey, check this out.
Hey, fucking A, you smell great.
That's not...
That does it.
That's fine, right?
Yeah.
Let's hear it for the boy.
Should we go to the audience questions now?
Fucking A.
Yeah, all right.
Can we get lights up on the crowd?
So, we have runners who are going to come by with microphones.
Please stay chill about this.
I need like full house lights because there's a bunch of people here and we can't see them
at all.
Now, listen.
What I would need you all to do, if you have your hand raised...
Oh, yeah.
We have two rules.
All right.
What I think is the thing I'm about to ask an actual request for advice or is it just
a funny story that I think is funny?
Please do not let it be the latter.
We also...
Oh, shit.
There's so many...
We did a bad job of walking into this segment.
You know the main rule is?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
All right.
Stay there, stay there.
Stay there.
You're number one.
And then, on this side sitting on the aisle with the black shirt.
You're pointing at yourself.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Cool.
All right.
We'll start with you since you were there first.
What's your name?
Lisa?
Hi, Lisa.
What's you're question?
So, I'm in charge of entertainment for a company party.
It's a global event and I've accidentally booked three different acapella groups for
the same.
Another?
Okay, can I get the audience mics turned up like twice as loud as they are right now?
Because I want to experience every moment of this with you.
You have booked multiple three acapella groups for one party.
For a half hour period.
And it's on Tuesday.
How do you quit your job?
How do I change my identity and move to Canada?
Okay, that's very good.
Wait, I do want to hear the request.
What do you need our help with?
Did I make a mistake?
No.
Okay, what's here?
What is the actual question?
What should I do about that?
Yeah, we can work with that.
What's your name?
Hi, I'm Lex.
Hi Lex, what's your question?
So I live with my boyfriend and we keep getting into this argument over whether we should
have a Lord of the Rings wedding.
I am asking you to help me convince him to just have a normal like elegant wedding.
I'm kind of a closet nerd.
Okay.
I know that's a bad one to ask you.
No, well, hold on.
Because under and between the beautiful cliffs of Rivendell, I think you could throw a pretty
fucking elegant wedding.
That's what I'm saying, don't assume.
The elves.
The elves know how to throw an elegant soiree.
Can I tell you something?
Okay, straight up.
We're going to do the acapella one.
The acapella one, I'm going to do it because that's the best shit I've ever heard.
But you can help with that.
But it's not that your question is not good.
I can answer it in one like one sentence.
Here he goes.
Everybody step back.
You only get one wedding and everyone does just a wedding.
We had a Lord of the Rings wedding is way more interesting.
For sure.
Tell them you want to do a Buckaroo Bonsai themed wedding and then settle.
And then when you can't agree, just be like, fine, we'll just do a normal wedding then.
I love Buckaroo Bonsai.
What about a labyrinth themed wedding?
Okay, there you go.
Thank you.
Would you do a normal wedding, but both of you had to carry big, big swords?
Okay, wait, wait, wait.
Here's the compromise.
Normal wedding, but tell one person in the bridal party that it's a Lord of the Rings
themed wedding.
Yes.
Yes.
I think we should reserve that for what?
Maybe your brother?
Yeah.
No.
Perfect.
Perfect.
Send him links to costumes, everything.
There's only one person in your bridal party.
It's Andy Serkis.
He's wearing a green screen suit.
And then on your cut of the wedding movie, he's just wearing a normal tuxedo.
And the other one, he's everyone's favorite little monster named Gollum.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Okay, a cappella groups.
Did you book three a cappella groups for a half hour or did you book one new super cool
a cappella group for half hour?
Because I think it's the latter.
I think that this is a lot of behind the music start this way.
Like we were just three different a cappella groups, weren't we?
And we all showed up for the same gig, believe it or not.
And we decided, hey, let's all sing together.
And then.
And that's how the Beatles got started.
That's how the Beatles got started, didn't they?
So the polyphonic spree got started.
If you just pay all of them and two of them don't have to sing, they're probably happy
about that.
They're probably good.
You're like, here's your $30.
Like, oh, dunk.
Okay, bye.
How did you?
How did you do this?
How did you do this?
How did you fuck up this bad?
How did you were you on a like conference call and you didn't realize that you said
you're hired and you heard three beautiful choral voices say, thank you.
I was told to book some entertainment on Thursday.
And I just reached out to as many groups as I could and some with instruments and some
without.
Yes, but the only ones available for that were available and that close of a notice
were the acapella groups.
And what was the wording of this content?
Like you are hired sight unseen.
Just say yes.
It was more like we've seen your videos.
We're very interested.
Were you lying?
Yes.
Okay.
Everybody loves the video.
Everybody.
Everybody's talking about videos.
Money's money, Frank.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
Money's money.
thank you very much thank you very much okay can we get the house lights back up
yeah cuz we're just gonna lose these fucking microphones we will start now
with you what's your name hello my name is Emeline hi Emeline hello Emeline so we
have too many furries in our D&D party what no such thing next question
Why are you trying to get us in trouble again? We got in trouble once alright we'll never do that again.
Hello Toronto! We got a lot of furries today! Listen! I love the culture and lifestyle!
You're all so supportive of each other in other projects!
There's a bit on there about five minutes later when Paul said he's like
Do any girls out there like to get licked?
Yeah it's a bad part of the audio.
There's a bad part of the audio and then instantly afterwards
he's like and God bless him Paul Stanley goes
Do any guys out there like to get licked?
It's like good for you Paul let's just ask everybody if they like to get licked
What about all our gender non-binary people?
Who doesn't conform to the gender spectrum but likes to get licked?
We will consider that question I do not know
Let me offer a small reason. There's not enough furries in my group.
Is it a party composition issue where everybody wants to play like a bug bear
or some sort of I don't know if there are furry races in D&D
Okay yes there are actually Jeffrey
That's so sweet okay all right
Hi what's your name?
Heda
Hi
Hi so for the last five years I've been trying to distance myself from
quite the extensive goth face
Okay
As I'm sure many of us can relate to
So I'm here
For sure
Yeah tell me about it
Unless you're still into it in which case stand in your truth
Well something that's made that quite difficult is that my family owns
a number of funeral homes
Okay
A number?
A number of funeral homes
Is the number more than one?
Yes
That's quite a lot of funeral homes
That's quite a lot of funeral homes
Congratulations that sounds like a very profitable business
Congrats to your family
Yeah so what what do I do when my friends walk past funeral homes
with my last name slapped up over them in a frankly way too gothic font
You flash that dead cash
I'm gonna help I'm gonna help you it's time
I think we're gonna go with this one
Thank you very very much
Very much
I'm gonna help you and it's very
Can we get a round of applause for Emeline please
Thank you
Round of applause for Emeline
Get more furries the lights again the lights if I could just have those lights back
The lights do keep disappearing
It's time for you to rebel against the family business and what I mean by that
I mean never die
What a cool thing for you to be like
That's not the opposite of being a funeral home
Yeah no it's like hey listen mom and dad sorry I'm not interested in the family biz
I'm never gonna die
And he just loudly and now and like anytime they start talking about it
Just be like death that's for suckers
I don't buy it show me the evidence
Make sure you do that while funerals are happening at the funeral
Got another one huh death what a sucker
What a waste of cash
Get you to the coffin next time try not dying
Yeah that's my thing and the thing is that's great about that is it works until it doesn't
And then you don't have to be there
You don't have to sweat it like you're basically immortal in that sense if you think about it
We're all temporarily immortal
Jesus okay now that essential dread is great
Listen this is the first time our show has ever been interesting
Listen listen listen is it a fun funeral home
Is there a ball pit
Is there a ball pit
A funeral home
The ball pit is full of skulls
What the fuck
I'm kidding I'm kidding
Is that the aesthetic of your funeral homes
Okay listen
No it's very classy
Okay okay straight up
Your family owns a number of funeral homes
You should just keep being goth because then people will see you out and about
Hear me out and they're like oh god and then like you're like come with me
My home's full of dead people and they're like come by it on us
I'm sorry there are some gross misconceptions about what funeral homes are happening on this stage
They're not chock-a-block full of dead people
Okay wait hold on hold on
They're not sorting through a queue
Okay but statistically speaking are there more dead people in a funeral home than your home
I am the oldest brother
I am 37 years old and I'm ready to talk about anything else
I hope that helped because this segment is over
Thank you very much
All right let's get those house lights back eh
House lights way up
Let's get somebody way over
Okay we don't usually do this for prop work but somebody has a sign that says the dog pound and I'm very interested in
Dog pounds in
Absolutely
Well I guess whoever wants it
And someone has an actual dog with their hands raised
With the dog in it oh okay
Hell yeah I hope this question is about the dog
Oh wait does the dog have a question
Oh the dog pound sign yes the dog pound sign
You're holding it
Oh wait a minute hold on
Hold on was that it
I have to change my mind
The dog pound we all have brothers do you guys fight a lot like
Is that the question
Yeah that's
That's not advice
You don't need advice just like I want to find out a little bit more about those three crazy mackerel eyes
We never fight
The dog pound like many other mackerel
What is this hive mind
Bound out
We are dog pound
Okay
Hello
Hi I'm Cory
What's your name
Sorry
Cory
Hey Cory
And the dog's name
This is Falkor
Oh yes
Yeah
Oh Lord of the Rings
Shit
I see I was gonna make an Amadeus Amadeus joke
Nope
And I backed off
What is the question
So I was at the dentist the other day and the dentist was telling me about her favorite super movie superhero movies
This is starting to sound like a joke like a joke with a punchline
No it's good okay okay
I mean there's a jokey thing in it but I have a real question
While I had the dental dam in she told me her favorite
Is that what it's called
Yes
Groany okay
She told me her favorite character was X-Man
And
Oh no
She thinks Wolverine's name is X-Man
Okay good good good
I couldn't say anything
Right
And then later it seemed too late but now I'm worried
That she's gonna like have some dude bro
She's gonna say this to him and they're gonna be really condescending
Yeah
No yeah that's definitely getting the pipeline I feel like unfortunately
Actually in fact when she said X-Man some dude bro somewhere went
Wrong
You should yeah the windows must be very thick there because I bet a guy was like flinging himself against it
Well actually well actually wait actually
Dogpound thank you very much
Thank you Dogpound I'm gonna help this Wolverine
When you said you couldn't did you mean because you were petrified by awkwardness
Because that's what I would feel if someone said my favorite superhero is X-Man I would go
Oh
I mean I would get worried that this is some silver age bullshit that I didn't actually know about
I'd be like X-Man's not a thing and I'd be like actually in 1941 Jack Kirby did something or whatever
I don't know anything about fucking comic books at all
Our dad's backstage freaking out
The uh uh
Maybe this is a trap and you avoided it but I used to do that with like I would say wrong facts
Because I saw something remember that episode of News Radio
We're not gonna talk about News Radio right now
But one of the characters would lay out raw incorrect facts
And when someone would correct it they'd go
Aw geek jack I actually dig that a lot
So maybe this is a trap for do bros
Like uh actually it's Wolverine like yeah I know it's fucking Wolverine
And then they pull a tooth
Yeah
I knew it
Oh shit maybe they were just distracting you from the tooth tricks they were about to pull on you
By putting a little brain teaser in your like
Hey you know who I love is Golden Guy
And it's like Golden Guy who the fuck is Golden Guy
I don't even oh my tooth is gone
They're pretty sneaky Dennis
I would actually rather have a Dennis say that their favorite X-Man
Their favorite superhero is X-Man rather than Wolverine
Cause I'd just be like I don't know there's way more interesting superheroes than Wolverine
Is there his bones aren't real
Whoa
I'm gonna say Nightcrawler is better than Wolverine
Wolverine is like a thousand years old you hang on with Jesus
Nightcrawler is like a demon
Whoa Wolverine's got metal bones I can do that one twice it's so cool
Damn it
You're right
This is the greatest thing I've ever heard I'm so glad you didn't correct them
There's still so this is we get these gifts you've given us a gift
Because we will never meet this dentist probably
But I know that there's somebody out there who thinks Wolverine's name is X-Man
And while that may bring you worry for that person
It brings me a great amount of joy because they don't know any
They won't know any better until some dude bro does come in and smash through the window
But for now let's just celebrate the moment of X-Man
How does your dentist square away the knowledge that the name of the group is X-Men
Like it's X-Man and his X-Men
X-Man and his excellent X-Men
I mean they have out they do there is a band called Alvin and the Chipmunks
You ever fucking think about that that's actually really messed up
If you think about Alvin and uh we'll just name him by their species I guess I don't know
Also we're dumb asses there's a dude named Professor X
He is an X-Man
How is that any better than X-Man
It's not any better
Does that
Is that anything
Is that anything
I think it eases my conscience
Thank you that's the least we could do
Alright folks you can go ahead and drop the house lights down
We have got a wrap up for the evening
Thank you
But here's the good news there's a whole other day of PodCon tomorrow
Yes
And all kinds of great shows will be there
Seriously thank you to PodCon for having us be here and get to do this show
You're welcome
I as the only non-founder can continue to thank the benevolent founders for gracing us
No seriously this is a really really cool event and it's really special
And I'm so glad that all these folks who I've listened to for a while have all gotten together
And I've gotten to hear them talk about smart things it's very cool
Yeah not only I will say it's so great to get to spend time with you our wonderful audience
But also to spend time with like Francesca Lee and you know Kevin Porter and Gabby Dunn
And meet these amazing people who make amazing work
And to meet you also we've gotten to meet a bunch of folks
A lot of Adventure Zone cosplayers which is fucking super rad
When I look out at this crowd and think god every one of them is a podcast
It's so inspirational to me to be seeing so many podcasts in one room
And we've made a lot of great podcasts today and I hope to see some more of you tomorrow
Toronto
Alright oh and thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song
It's been a pleasure putting the days to bed
Oh hey real quick we come from an area called West Virginia
Oh yeah but leave it or not
Around the holiday season some folks there don't have enough to make ends meet let alone buy Christmas presents
And every year there's a thing called the empty stockings list
And it's a list the newspaper publishes full of people that just want to get maybe something for Christmas
A gift for a kid or a lot of times just basic necessities
A sleeping bag a tent what have you
And we like to sick our fans on it and just like run wild like
Like in a good way imagine wolves but they're charitable
It's like a pack of charitable wolves
If you can kick in a few bucks it's mbambangels.com
Is that thing and if you could go there and you can buy a gift for someone that someone is asking for
And it goes right to them it's like it'll make you feel great
And if you can do it and help us help our area that we'd really appreciate it
So thank you so much in advance
And thank you to Maximum Fun for having us on the network
You can go to MaximumFun.org and check out all the great podcasts there
Yay Max Fun
Alright Final Yahoo is sent in by Level 9000 Yajuru
Drew at Drew Davenport thank you Drew
It's an anonymous user but I'm going to call them Pearl asks
Why is the word asshole not censored on Yahoo Answers?
Is it because the Christians are losing power?
My name is Justin McElroy
I'm Travis McElroy
I'm Griffin McElroy
You've been my brother my brother and me kiss your dad's square on the lips
Thank you
Maximum Fun dot org
Comedy and culture
Artist owned
Listener supported
How do you say cheese in Spanish?
What show should I have on my DVR?
What are the best songs of the year?
Is VR cool?
What's your jam?
Which one of you is the Renata of the panel?
For answers to these questions and so much more
Come on over to Pop Racket
A pop culture round table discussion that always has a fun diverse panel
Talking about the stuff we love
Catch us every Wednesday on Maximum Fun dot org
Or wherever you decide to get your podcasts
I'm not going to judge
