The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era.
A lot of people ask, Justin, why do you keep recording this show?
They say, it angers as many people as it helps. Why do you keep recording it?
And I keep recording it because every week we try to come up with
some topical thing to talk about to begin our program, and I get Travis's suggestions.
Travis, you should introduce yourself.
Oh, hello, I'm Travis McElroy.
Uh-huh, and Griffin, you're up in this piece too, right?
I am all up in this bitch, in it to win it.
In it to win it. Travis, why don't you hit everybody
with what your big suggestions were for this week? And I don't want any editorializing,
I just want you to list the topics that you suggested for our comedy podcast to kick off with.
Okay, well, the first was simply debt ceiling.
Debt ceiling, yeah, who's ready to laugh?
Number two, Grease is going into default.
Now, if you get some like hand jive, Olivia Newton, John action in there,
I think you could maybe get something going.
Travis, I know what all those words, isolated, what they mean, together though,
not quite so sure what a default.
I thought the third one was the real gem that I really thought we could have mined
for comedy, but it was Monte Carlo is coming out starring Selena Gomez.
Oh, you mean The Big Race?
Yeah, The Big Race, that's news. If we could just talk about The Race, like the formula.
Oh no, it's a comedy movie for tweens.
Oh yeah, and you would say you're pretty excited.
Well, Andy McDowell's in it.
Oh shit, that national treasure.
She's my number one celebrity crush.
Whichever pulse you have your finger on, can you stop touching that person,
that person that you're touching?
It's actually Selena Gomez.
That's right, I know.
I have a direct pipeline to Selena Gomez.
I am extraordinarily uncomfortable with it.
How about the fact that gay dudes and ladies can now get married in New York?
Oh fuck, that's way better.
That's way better.
Damn it.
Oh no, but hold on, wait.
Because let's balance these two.
Let's put these two on the scales of justice, because what's more important?
Gay marriage or Selena Gomez.
A Selena Gomez full-length feature film.
I really like Selena Gomez.
I think she's a rising star.
I just want to get married to Tim Gunn, and I don't think that's so wrong, is it?
I want to get married to Justin Bieber.
You guys remember Justin's first date with Tim Gunn?
Yeah, they went and saw Monte Carlo with Selena Gomez.
They necked the entire time, he really made it work.
Yeah, the junior mints were mushy, but the sex was neat.
I just imagine Tim Gunn's sex face and put me into a state.
It put me in a state that I'm not comfortable with.
Yeah, New York.
New York.
Because you're a bigot, and you're uncomfortable with the gay marriage.
It's now legal there.
So this is, of course, our advice program.
We record it for you every week to help you with the little things that pop up in your life.
We also talk to each other about the things that are going on in our lives,
because it's a helping show.
Can I say something real quick about the New York past and the gay marriage?
There's nothing in this earth that would make me stop you from talking more about it.
There were four Republican senators that voted for it, and like, yeah, gay marriage rules.
There was one Republican who was like, listen,
this is a vote of conscience and not a vote of party line.
I actually remember in my middle school social studies class,
I learned that every vote in the Senate is a vote of conscience,
because if you're asleep, they won't let you govern.
They won't let you act in a political body.
You will allow me to pronounce that word as conscience.
Then I will pronounce it better.
I won't.
I absolutely won't.
You guys are breaking my heart.
Let's take the first question.
I love my girlfriend, but she keeps eating off my plate
when she has perfectly good food in front of her.
She'll order what she wants, and then she looks longingly at what I got
until I ask if she wants a bite.
How can I put a stop to this without sounding like a selfish jerk?
Hungry like the wolf.
Why are you so hungry?
Hey, dog, like, chill out.
You live in America.
Like, if you don't get enough food right now at this meal,
literally, if you scoop your hand through the nearest gutter,
you'll come up with, like, a hot dog or something.
At least four ho-hos.
Like, you'll be fine.
I'm totally on his side.
Of course.
Oh, come on.
That's his food.
It's not.
That's what a relationship is.
If a relationship is not, at the very least, about sharing your food,
like, that's, like, the most basic survival-level post-apocalyptic,
like, hi, I found this half-eaten Hershey bar.
Well, I have a beef turkey.
Well, let's have a relationship.
Like, this is the base relationship.
The basest one we can have.
Well, here's, okay, I have a suggestion.
Make her order first and then order the exact same thing she gets.
Okay.
She'll never see that coming.
Does she order a salad?
My wife does that a lot.
If she orders a salad, you get a salad.
Like, this is gonna be a long game.
I'll get something delicious because I'm overweight
and I know what things taste good.
It's the one, like, perk of the gig.
And she'll, like, say, hey, that looks good.
It's like, yeah, no shit.
I've been at this for a while.
This ain't my first time at the steak rodeo.
Yeah.
And also, can we stop coming to the steak rodeo?
It smells like old wallpaper and I hate it here.
There's peanut shells on the floor, but they don't serve peanuts.
Where do all these peanuts come from?
Ma'am, excuse me, ma'am.
Can I be reseated in the non-peanut section?
That doesn't exist.
Yeah, I mean, like, just share your food.
It's not a big deal.
You know what?
Here's what you do.
If this is really that important to you-
Sit at different tables.
What?
You, uh, when she starts eating off your plate,
order another one.
I say, hold on.
No, we can make this work.
I'll get a second one for you.
You've touched this.
I don't want it anymore.
So you're saying always, like, order-
I will have two of that, please.
I'll have two of those, please.
You know, I'll do that.
Okay.
This is something that I've started doing.
I order two meals when I go to a restaurant
with the express purpose of intending to take one home
and eat it later.
You do do that.
How is that weird?
Don't make that sound like a thing that you do constantly.
Because you don't.
No, no.
If you did it constantly, you would be some sort of glutton.
Some sort of gluten.
No, not constantly.
But like, if I go to a brunch place, I'll get two brunches.
Now, sometimes the spirit will overtake me
and I will eat both of them in one sitting.
I will admit to the last time I went to the Chili Willys
and I was getting so their delicious Texas Red,
I did order carry out.
I got two of them with the express purpose
of eating one of them the next day.
Is that cool?
Is it just the restaurant thing?
That's not normal, you guys.
Why is that not normal?
I think that that's planning ahead.
I think that's kind of brilliant.
Well, where does that fucking stop?
Can you be like, hey, let me get seven cups
of that sweet Texas Red.
Daddy's going to have a chili week.
Happy chili week, everybody.
You try to paint that like a bad thing.
I think that's an awesome idea.
Yeah, like is anyone hungry?
I have all the chili.
Do you want that?
I mean, I have it.
Watch out for that guy.
He'll come in and order just like a month worth of chili.
It's chili Steve.
When you come here sometimes and you're like,
Griffin, I don't know where the money,
like, I don't know where my money is.
Like my money.
Where did all the money go, Griffin?
And I'll say, Travis, it's, do you remember
how you ate 14 steaks from Outback Steakhouse last week?
You got one in the restaurant and you said,
let me get a baker's dozen of steak to go.
That's where it all went.
To be fair, I said a staker's dozen.
I was wondering if you could help me out with a friend of mine.
I like this guy a lot, but he has to make it known
that he's a vegetarian.
He usually doesn't mention it around close friends.
However, I've been noticing whenever he's communicating
to new people, one of the first things that he asks,
it says is that he's a vegetarian.
I want to tell him he's being a snob,
but that nobody cares what he puts in his mouth.
Only what comes out.
Like puke?
Yeah, whenever I even bring it up,
he lashes out at me and thinks I'm attacking him.
Is he really being a snob or am I just overthinking it?
Help me, brothers.
And that's from Mr. Bixby.
I think it depends on how he's saying it.
Oh, me?
Me?
My eating preferences?
I'm a vegetarian.
Sit down.
Let me tell you about it.
No steak for me, thanks.
We're at a carwash.
Like, why would that even be in the equation?
Why would that even be in the equation?
I hope that's free range prawn.
What?
He's probably not being a snob.
I don't know that people can be a snob.
I mean, they definitely can be.
You can be a snob about anything.
But I mean, that's such a big part of a person's life.
If they're a vegetarian or vegan or only eats translucent foods.
Yeah, but at the same time-
I only eat dark fruits.
Like, I think that's such a big part of their life that like, yeah,
they're going to talk about it.
But I don't introduce myself as Travis McElroy Omnivore.
No, but because that's the norm.
It does say on your business cards, though.
Well, yes.
Let's not play make-believe here.
You are not an omnivore, sir.
I eat everything.
I don't think omnivore is the correct name for that.
Can we say a part-time herbivore, maybe?
Like a practicing carnivore.
I dabble.
I dabble in vegetables.
You like to check in every once in a while, see what's new on the scene,
but you're not like blogging about them.
Yeah, I'm not like super committed.
I'm like a Christmas and Easter herbivore.
Right, I can dig it.
But that's the norm, right?
Like everybody eats everything, right?
Except for those three or four people who don't.
So those three or four people get to bring it up, is what you're saying?
They have denied themselves life's greatest pleasure, which is to say bacon.
They can do whatever they want.
They've earned it.
Yeah, but who gives a shit?
I don't care.
Maybe it's part of their identity.
But it's not something that should determine whether or not you want to hang out with a person.
So if you're meeting someone for the first time and they're like,
oh, and by the way, I'm a vegetarian, you're like, fuck it, I'm out.
It does if you're ahead of lettuce.
Yeah.
Who can relax then?
What's up?
Cucumber fingers?
Oops, they're gone.
Shoot off.
Crunch, crunch, crunch, crunch.
An important question, too, is how long has he been a vegetarian?
Because if it's like within the last three months, he's totally being a snob.
Maybe he's just telling everybody he's a vegetarian
so he has some excuse for when he faints later.
I'm sorry I don't get enough vegetables.
Or so people like try to encourage him to eat bacon and then he's like, what?
No, okay.
Jerry, why is your blood so light?
It's like your blood isn't even there.
I mean, I think it matters.
I think it's a big part of a person because what if you start crushing on a vegetarian
and you don't know they're a vegetarian, though, and you ask them to go to Sizzler?
Love ruined.
Relationship gone.
I think if your first date's to the Sizzler, that ship's sailed.
That ship's already-
That's a good restaurant.
I haven't been recently.
Have they revamped the menu?
No, it's still pretty much the same.
It's still pretty much like steaks and you can get the steaks cooked however you want them.
Oh, man.
However you want them?
Sometimes there's potatoes, but there's like a secret language.
It's kind of like ordering it in and out.
You got to say, can I get a steakham and tubes and they know that when you say tubes-
Is that really how it is?
You say steakham and tubes and when you say tubes, they know that you mean tube.
I need a steakham and tubes.
I need it slarshed and dumps.
They look at you.
They say, that is not real steak.
With a Pepsi.
I need a steakham and tubes.
I need it slarshed and dumps.
Can I get two Megatators and-
To be fair, that was my favorite sci-fi channel movie.
I'd like two Megatators fully cheesed out.
Just sizzle the whole plate if you can.
Sour creamo.
That's not a good password though.
Yes, you're right.
Not sour cream.
Like fresh cream.
That worked because that's sort of like reverse psychology.
You guys want a yahoo?
Yes, please.
You know I do.
How about this one?
It was sent in by Gabe Gysin.
Thank you, Gabe.
It's by yahoo answers user Pat who asks,
Is the matrix real and is it possible?
Simple question, argued answer.
What?
Is the matrix real and are we biological batteries?
And is the human body capable of producing enough energy to power an entire world of machines
if there were six billion of us?
And if so, how would we get out?
Self-substantion?
Suicide.
Or is there someone who could free us?
Red pill.
Please take this question seriously.
No sarcasm or blatant humor.
Thank you.
Boy, when you have to say that right in the question, you were just begging for it.
No blatant humor.
I don't care if you like-
I'm like supes dumb.
So if you want to say shit that's like,
I'm not going to understand.
You're making fun of me.
That's supposed to-
I want to fucking punch this dude mostly because of this-
the phrase, simple question, argued answer.
Here's the problem, Travis.
You try to punch this guy and he dodges it in slow motion
and turns into like three or four different guys.
I want to meet the people that are arguing about this.
Oh, you know they exist, right?
Oh, of course.
Yeah, because you can't-
It's one of those you can't prove it.
You can't-
You can't pro-
Like anything you could create, you know, to-
to refute it could just be another creation of the matrix.
You're just another agent, man.
Yeah.
Like, we've all thought about it, right?
Like we've all just sat down-
We had that moment when we were on a bunch of drugs.
In that deep dark truthful mirror and saw that in that mirror
we were covered in metallic juices
and then we were transported to the real world.
Yeah, you know what though, Griffin,
I think we've all had that thought, but you know what?
I had it back in 19 fucking 99 when the movie was released.
I'm not still kicking that around in 2011
and thinking like, oh, maybe.
Like, it's been 12 years.
Maybe not.
Like, probably that is not the-
that is one construction that you could believe in,
but I am not subscribing to it.
I mean, look, some people go their whole lives without waking up, you know?
Uh-huh, yeah.
Come on, copper talk.
Some people go their whole-
I mean, that's all there is.
It's like, what if we are flesh batteries?
Like, there's only 10 of us who've made it out to the hallowed halls of Zion.
Like, what?
In the rave, in the origin-
In the rave underground fucking rubbing my dirty, dirty body on everyone.
Like-
Lawrence Fishburne spray oil on the crowd.
I know 10 person rave is a really shitty rave.
TJ Fishburne, he's on the ones and twos and he's getting wet in Zion
and like, you're in here, you're on earth,
and you're laughing at somebody on Yahoo Answers.
How's your life?
What gives you the right?
You could be-
You could be bumping to the sounds of DJ Fishburne,
letting his smooth grooves propel you to a higher plane of funky existence.
And here you are.
DJ Cowboy Curtis is mixing up the Chemical Brothers for everybody.
Only Cowboy and Curtis with K's.
Mm-hmm.
He's a real talent.
He could give another DJ, insert another DJ name here, a run for his money.
Tiesto?
He could give Tiesto?
Tiesto is an agent.
Tiesto is an agent.
So he does not count.
That would explain so many things.
Like, you've never listened to speed rail and been like,
oh, these beats are impossible.
Nobody can make these beats unless they're computer programmed.
Do you think that this guy, like, this is the question that starts every conversation
he has with new people?
Like, hi, nice to meet you.
Oh, you're a vegetarian.
That's great.
Do you think that the matrix is real?
Are you really a vegetarian?
Or is that a choice that our computer overlords decided for you?
Do they switch a bit of code in there?
They switch you to a vegetarian because they knew I would be more sexually attracted to you.
Thanks, overlords.
Do you guys ever see, like, déjà vu?
And you're like, maybe.
Maybe.
I don't know.
I can't explain it.
You know who can?
Fishburne.
Here's what I know, that if Fishburne's gonna come for somebody,
he's gonna come for somebody with an open mind.
I want that to be me.
If we are in the matrix, which I have, over the span of this conversation,
convinced myself that we are, in fact, in the matrix.
Because you can't prove we aren't.
Can't prove we aren't.
It's kind of like religion.
Uh, if you doubt it, that's just the devil.
In our case, uh, it's Joe Paglioni trying to convince you.
Joey Pants.
Joey Pants, as I call- as I and other members of the Italian community call him Joey Pants,
trying to convince you otherwise.
He's the devil.
He'd be a good devil.
Yeah, he would.
Let's make that happen.
You know who we- can we-
You're welcome, Hollywood.
Can we call up the Wachowski brothers and be like,
like, hey guys, like, isn't-
Quit keeping us in suspense.
Like, is this a documentary or not?
Was this shot on location?
Or is it a location in your own imaginations?
Your infernal minds.
Does- does anyone have a beat on Keanu?
Does anyone have his- his- his manager's, uh, info to get us around?
If you've got his AOL screen name, can you just, like, forward that to me at our Bim Bam account?
Um, we'll just get up with him-
because I think he would know what he'd tell us, though.
I think we would say, hey Keanu, um, I tried to shorten his name.
Which is his Hawaiian name.
Hey, um, hey Keanu, uh, what- what do you know?
Why don't you tell us?
And he's gonna look at us with kind of a knowing smile and be like,
sorry guys, like, uh, can't- can't say or else I'll get unplugged and then he'll wink at us.
And then we'll say Keanu no really fucking,
like, I gotta know, it keeps me up at night.
And he'll say, yes, it's real.
And then, like, he'll stand up really rigidly and he'll be like, not like this.
And he'll fall every day.
Hey, Wachowski brothers, I just wrote Matrix 4 for you, you ungrateful fucks.
Did you read TMZ today?
It was really- there's a crazy story about Keanu dying.
Apparently Griffin killed him by making him admit the Matrix is real.
We got him plugged.
It was brutal.
It was really brutal, but now we all know.
So we're going to start the rebellion.
Sacrificial lamb.
I just want to party in Zion.
Griffin wouldn't even do anything with the information.
He'd just be like, uh, uh, and then go to Chipotle.
He doesn't give a shit.
This burrito tastes so much better now that Keanu's dead.
I feel so much more alive because I outlived Keanu.
I don't care if I am a battery.
This burrito is delish.
Delicious.
I don't need to know that the computer program tells me it's delicious.
I'm just happy to have that in my heart somewhere.
There are some extra ones and zeros in this burrito.
Is that picante?
Can I have some extra data, please, on my, on my, uh, burrito?
Let me get like 400 megabits of Chipotle's salsa sauce.
There's only four megabytes left.
You better take them.
Om nom nom nom nom.
Hey brothers, recently a girl I knew back in middle school asked me on Facebook and
invited me to her small birthday gathering she's having this weekend in which there'll
be a bunch of people.
I haven't seen since we were kids and probably are more accomplished with their lives than
me.
Should I make up some awesome backstory of what I've been doing all these years?
Neal.
That's how I imagine he says his name.
Neal.
Neal.
Neal.
Just, just be Neal.
Be the best Neal you can be.
What if you, what if you show up to the party and people say, what do you do now?
You say, I'm Neal.
Like, they should get like, hi, look at me.
It's me, Neal.
I'm Neal, you know, from-
Of Neal fame.
My job is to be Neal and I'm always employee of the month.
Yeah.
It doesn't pay, it pays terribly.
The pay is gone, benefits are non-existent.
Uh, there is not a lot of, not a lot of responsibility, not a lot of upward mobility either.
Once you're Neal, you're pretty much just Neal.
For life.
But also, the chances of getting fired are pretty slim.
Did you hear the news?
Caught laid off.
Caught laid off from Neal this week.
Guess it's back to Kevin.
They caught me stealing.
A shop lesson from Neal.
Caught me stealing from Neal.
It's a sexual abuse scandal.
My mom caught me in my bedroom watching Baywatch.
It's pretty messed up.
Ah, Neal, listen man.
You, you don't know those motherfuckers anything.
120 years from now, we're all worm food.
Fuck it.
They're no better than you are.
120?
That's your estimate?
Well, I don't know who's gonna be at this party.
There might be some cyborgs there.
Who, of course, their machinations cannot exist for long.
Well, you're assuming that Neal is zero years old.
Actually, you're assuming he's like negative 30 years old.
Yeah.
Listen, I don't want to bum Neal out by giving him like-
I could tell Neal exactly when he's gonna die.
I don't think he wants to hear that I'm a bim bam.
That's true.
Yeah, but don't, don't lie because that's a-
There's no way that's not going to turn into a fiasco.
Yeah.
No, I think the better option is to honestly tell them
what you are honestly doing in your life,
but with such conviction and dedication
that makes it sound like you're super proud of it.
It's all about the perception.
I wish he told us what it is he's doing because I can spin anything.
Well, if he- okay, so say he's living in his mom's basement.
I'm saving up for a house.
Okay, great.
He's working at Arby's.
What?
Working at Arby's and working on an expose about the fast food industry?
I'm a beef specialist.
That one I think would get him less traction.
I'm an artisanal beef shaver.
No matter what job you're doing right now,
you can always spin it as research for a role.
Yeah.
I'm researching for a role at Arby's employee.
I'm in the new Michael Cera picture and I'm an Arby's employee,
so I'm hoping to get the part in the new Michael Cera.
I'm hoping Michael Cera makes a movie about Arby's employees.
It's called Squash the Beef and it's coming out in the summer of 2012.
It co-stars Megan Fox.
What a talented young lady.
Danny Trejo is in it.
He's a, he's a rugged gentleman.
He's all heart though.
Scraggy and leathery on the outside, but inside he's like gooey center.
That's a hard casing for a sensitive heart.
Exactly.
I think be you because otherwise you are going to get caught
because you are going to be like,
oh, I run a gym and someone else can be like,
I also run a gym.
What's your gym called?
And you're fucked.
And you'd be like, oh, I meant J-I, I meant J-I-M.
I run, I run a man named Jim is my job.
I'm Jim.
I'm in charge of him.
My name is Jim.
Let's be honest, Neal.
If you're really sharp at thinking on your feet,
you would probably be in a better position than you are right now.
Today is not the day to try and reinvent yourself as upwardly mobile dude.
Let's back up though because something even weirder
than your job status is happening.
And that is that a girl you knew back in middle school
added you on Facebook and invited you to her birthday party.
Like, hey, Neal, this is Susan.
Remember me?
You absolutely can't.
Like, there's no way.
But do you want to come chill at my birthday party?
I think it's a small gathering.
It's only like eight people and you.
Yeah.
Oh, shit.
Neal, you're about to get carried.
Oh, God.
Neal, Neal, get out of there.
Neal, come back.
You're walking into a carry situation.
You got to get out.
Is he about to get carried or is he about to get poked?
I'm saying someone found him on Facebook.
They were hunting.
They were trawling for Poon.
Hungry for Neal.
For man Poon.
So you think that this is like a small birthday party slash eyes wide shut kind of deal?
Oh, this has to be a sex party.
Okay.
Gots to be.
No way it's not.
It's not?
And there's no way it's not.
I'm saying it's 100%.
Oh, you're saying there's no way this isn't a sex party.
In fact, Neal, just roll up assuming it is, no matter what anyone says, because they might
be like putting on pretenses at first.
Yeah.
Just roll up and be like, so are we starting this sex party or what?
Yeah, if you're jobless or if you work at Arby's, which is pretty much the same thing.
Sorry, Arby's employees.
You got to assert yourself as king of this sex.
I am.
I'm a king of this sex party.
And the way you do that is on the porch, you bring the doorbell to enter into the house
for the parties being held.
You go ahead and get your dick out.
And you go ahead and go, I'm a king of this sex party.
So when they open the door, everyone knows what is up.
Who is this?
I think.
Is that Neal?
I remember him from middle school.
I don't remember him being quite so aggressive.
I think rolling up with your dick out is good.
It's predictable, though.
I'd put, I'd just scoot your balls through the hole of your Levi's.
Just scoot those out.
Don't like, now you can turn this into sort of a hilarious something about Mary situation
and try to dip your balls into it.
But that's not how you become king of the sex party.
That's how you go to the emergency room.
You don't want to do that.
What about mangina and cape?
Hold on.
What?
What?
Yeah, if he does mangina and wears the cape.
That's how you don't do, how does, how is that an active verb, sir?
You do a mangina.
That's how you become king of prison.
Can I ask you guys something?
This is a different approach to this.
Could all of his problems be corrected if he introduced himself at the party as electric
Neal?
Would that be, could that like fix pretty much everything?
He would have to have some sort of touchdown dance that he could do.
Oh, and the best part about that is after a couple of years and he's gone through some
shit and he's reevaluating his life, he can come back and tell him he's now acoustic Neal.
I'm 28.
He's 36 and we've been living together for seven months.
That's a good lead.
Yeah.
I like this.
This is right into the meat of the question.
I can, I can piece the other stuff together.
I chose choose to sleep naked because I don't like the restrictive feeling of clothes while
I sleep.
He chooses to sleep in shorts and t-shirts.
I disrobe right before crawling into bed at night and then walk directly into the bathroom
in the morning.
The problem is I think he is too used to seeing me naked.
Our sex life has slightly declined.
Seducing him doesn't work like I used to.
And I get the overall feeling that he's less excited to see my body.
I wonder if sleeping naked has affected this.
If this is true and I have exposed myself too much, is there anything I can do or is
it all downhill from here?
Bear or not to bear?
To bear or not to bear?
Well, great.
Now I have to do the show with a boner.
No, I don't.
I'm just kidding.
I don't really have a boner.
I'm only thinking all the blood is in my comedy gland.
I can't think about sex right now.
It's in your advice lobe.
It's in my hypololimus.
It's in my Lisa lobe.
I sent Lisa Loeb a package of my blood.
I think there's a picture of a cardboard box leaking.
What is this?
Hey, Lisa.
Hey, Lisa.
Hey, someone just dropped a package for you while you were gone.
It's leaking blood.
What appears to be blood.
Is it from Griffin McElroy?
Yeah, it is.
Yeah, it smells like CK1.
What an odd package this is.
I think that yeah, you are right.
But the good thing about it is I think that yeah, that a guy can get conditioned to seeing
anybody naked.
I think that the good news is men are fundamentally machines basically, and you can roll this
back up really quick.
Oh my God.
If you, tonight, if you put his shirt on when you go to bed tonight and get in bed with
him, he'll be like, where did they go?
Where did it happen?
Tracey, wake up.
They're gone.
And he'll wake up the next morning like, I thought it was a dream.
I'm living a nightmare, Tracey.
Yeah, it's literally like a day and you're back.
And never underestimate the power of lingerie because if he's gotten conditioned to seeing
you, Travis.
What?
No, I'm saying, I'm saying if he's gotten conditioned and used to seeing her naked.
You're taking this to a much, this is far too, too personal.
This place you're at.
Cover your boobies in silk and lace.
Like, no, gross.
Fringe him out a little.
Wrap your, wrap your butt in candy and stuff.
This isn't pimp my girlfriend who I'm tired of seeing naked.
This is my brother, my brother made advice and not creepiness.
Although some creepiness.
Cheap and practical solutions.
And the best that means put on a big T-shirt.
Put on a big T-shirt, you goof.
Yeah, literally.
I mean, it's like Griffin's right.
Like overnight.
I mean, it'll, it might take, if you've been sleeping naked for a long time, take a week
to course correct yourself.
Don't let him see naked at all.
Ever again.
Ever, ever again.
This is evil.
No, like keep it, keep it under wraps for a while and maybe, oh, this is good.
Do something different up in there.
Like lingerie.
No, I mean like something underneath your, like maybe get something pierced, get some
ink or maybe don't do anything to say you did something and say, you wouldn't believe
what's under here now.
Like he would just freak out if you could see it, but you can't see it.
Dave Coulier right on my gut.
It's so weird in here and you can't see it anymore.
And it's so weird if you need to see it.
Cause then he'll be crazy.
Like if you start teasing, now you got to deliver, you know, it can't be like Al Capone's
vault where Geraldo just teases and teases and teases, there's nothing in it.
You got to have some, you got to deliver something even if it's like a henna tattoo.
Or Dave Coulier.
Al Capone.
Or Al Capone.
Can you get Al Capone like on your torso somewhere?
In it on it somewhere around.
A tattoo or like the real Al Capone?
Yeah.
Like him.
Like the man.
Also start referring to your lady business as Al Capone's vault.
Just see how that takes out.
Uh, side note, uh, talking to a dear friend of mine today, his father's a teacher and
one of the students in his class is named D'Al Capone Jones.
This is not a joke.
It's awesome.
This is not a gag I made up.
Fuck that's good.
D'Al Capone Jones.
Speaking of Al Capone.
You want a yahoo?
Yeah, I do.
This one was sent in by Chuck Jones.
Thanks Chuck Jones.
It's by yahoo answers user Patrick.
That's weird.
Two Pat's.
Um, Patrick asks.
Questions for my dental hygienist.
I am going to be getting my teeth cleaned soon by my ridiculously hot dental hygienist.
And I want to ask some things.
Um, if you were asked these questions, what would your answer be?
And how do you think she will react?
One.
You want to just ask out to do we want to role play here?
Um, sure, sure.
Yeah, you guys can take turns being the super just banging dental hygienist.
And I'll be the sounds like me.
I'll be Patrick.
Uh, one.
Can I have the pair of gloves and the mask you used on me?
I was going to do a bit, but I think she would probably just leave the room.
Yeah, that was my reaction.
I was buying into the character saying yes to the moment.
And that is what my character would have done.
Does the general, does the dental hygienist have a button underneath the counter that
like summons the police?
That's what I would be doing.
Yeah, she does.
Now she will after this.
Um, two, can I have a pair of new gloves and what kind of gloves are they?
That one's kind of harmless.
Uh, yeah, unless unless you couple it with the first question.
Yeah.
And then you say I just need to hide my fingerprints.
I can't tell you why.
No, it's it's it's fine.
Three, would you please check in the back to see if you have any pink gloves or mask
you could use?
What's this guy's hang up?
Oh, four, four.
Do you have to wear a mask?
What?
Can you just spit in my mouth while you're cleaning it?
Five, will you surprise me with the profy paste flavor?
I don't know what that means.
What?
Profy, profy.
This guy doesn't have a crush on his dental hygienist.
He has a dentistry fetish.
That's what's going on here.
And not only that, but like these aren't even like, these are the least direct yet still
creepy questions I've ever had.
Really, Travis, because number six, instead of using a mirror to hold back my cheek, will
you use your finger?
Yes.
Seven, will you perform an extra intra oral and TMJ exam?
Really get in there.
Just get deep in there.
Is there?
Is there?
OK, are there more questions?
Will you use a toothbrush instead of the polisher?
That's not particularly sexual.
Nine, can I add you on Facebook?
Oh, there it is.
Dr. Woodruff, can I add you on Facebook?
That's the end of it right there.
Can I Facebook you?
OK, here's what I would like to pause it.
I think there is an order in which you can ask these questions where you could get to
the end of them without the person leaving the room.
Is there an order in which you could drop these beats?
You got to leave.
You got to lead with Facebook, I think.
It's like making a mixtape, right?
Like you got to, you got to peek it back off, peek it back off.
Like, I think you need to mix up the really weird one.
Dude, I don't know.
I think once you hit, just use your finger.
Get in there with your digits.
You could play that off there.
Like, I have a mirror allergy.
I have an allergy to silver.
Reflective surfaces, ew.
Just get in there with your dig.
Hey, hey, when vampires go to the dentist, how do the doctors see their back teeth?
Oh, it's so hard.
That's a good question.
And, and I mean, dental care is so important to a vampire for obvious reasons.
They've got those teeth forever.
Especially with the sugar filled diet of the American public.
I mean, you can't, yeah, you can't eat a fat person without getting a calorie or a cavity.
How do you get a modicum of a boner when you're in a dentist chair?
How do you get, how do you focus on anything but the raw primal fear of somebody getting
in your teeth and just clanging around in there with their digits?
Like some sort of, like some sort of bad mechanic.
Just tune me up.
Turn up your grill.
I don't think, like, I don't think I will ever be too old to not be scared fuckless
of the dentist.
Like, can't handle it.
Well, that is, that's because it's the most terrifying thing.
It's like the most terrifying thing.
I don't like, I don't like eating food.
Someone is putting whirring, like, blades and points into your mouth and you can't see
what they're doing in there.
You are fighting instinct at every turn.
Maybe that's sexual for some people.
Like, trying to clang, clamp down on, like, their better impulses.
All it takes is one Dr. Butterfingers and he's got a drill through your tongue.
Yeah.
Why?
Yeah, but like, that's hot for some people.
They love the danger.
They love the excitement.
The thrill, I guess?
What's gonna happen today at the dentist?
I don't know.
I might die.
I might die.
I might die.
I will get a boner.
That's for sure.
I will get arrested because I am gonna go full on creepster on my-
Okay, here's the thing that's gonna, like, really fuck you guys up.
Okay.
They ask these questions on Yahoo Answers.
There is 100% likelihood that this person who asked these things did sit in a dentist
chair at some point after this and have an interaction.
Like, this happened.
Like, this isn't, like, fun theory.
Like, this fucking creeper.
Oh, so he was, like, planning.
He did this.
I mean, he did these things that he's saying to us.
He may be apologizing.
Like, is this-
I mean, what would you do?
I just did this.
Is that cool?
So weird.
Did you pull this off of Craigslist Missed Connections?
No.
Me, in the dentist chair, mouth open, slightly numb.
You, finger, chewing on it.
Chesty, put your finger right in there.
Touch my teeth.
Saw down your blouse.
Saw your plates out.
Put that mirror away, silly.
Get your fingers in there.
Hey, we don't need to get mirrors in there.
Just put your fingers in there.
Let me kiss your eyelids.
In case anybody out there is wondering, of all the times to try to, like, be flirty and
pick someone up, when they're in there digging out your old-ass food and tartar buildup with
their fingers in your gross-ass mouth as you're drooling all over yourself, probably not the
best thing.
Is this a piece of Mars bar?
Point of order, if you're trying to fuck your dental hygienist, I bet you keep it pretty
locked down up there.
I bet you keep-
Or, I bet you're pretty much on point in your mouth area.
That's your showpiece.
I just can't, like-
The only thing that gives me a boner about going to the dentist is, at the end of it,
I get a free toothbrush.
And a prize.
Like, the value of that is, like, oh, I don't take the prize anymore.
I love-
What?
I mean, I love sticky hands, but it's a conflict of interest because I'm trying to fuck my
dental hygienist and, like, if I-
Can I get your number and also that pair of googly eyeglasses?
Like, we settle the bill and I walk out and I turn back and come through the door.
I'm like, two things.
One, can I not get a date?
Two, what about those sticky hands?
What's up with those?
Because I need one to grab things that are far away.
But seriously though, date?
You want to go to Sizzler?
I love you.
One thing is, do you want to go to Sizzler?
The other is, do you have one of those foam planes that I build myself?
I love those so much.
I love those so much.
I will take one or the other.
Choice is yours.
There's only one thing that I get aroused by, and that's trips to the money zone.
Okay, who's taking us this week, Griffin?
Okay, hold up.
Time out.
Why am I never invited to the money zone?
Okay, Travis, tell us about-
Because you make things up.
You lie.
You lie through the whole thing.
You'll lie about the thing, and then people pay us to say the truth, and you lie about
the whole thing.
You just make it up.
Travis, you do it.
I'll be your safety net, and when you fuck up, I'll be there to catch you like your father
figure.
Put your little hand in mine.
Lionel Richie, whatever.
Now, Cole Richie goes raw.
He's there.
Oh God, I can't take the pressure.
Do it.
No, you do it.
Oh, okay, well first we want to congratulate Mike on graduating from Stony Brook University.
That sounds like a wizard school.
Go fightin' white fish.
Is that a wizard school for wizards?
Wizard school.
Yes, Mike has graduated-
Classic.
Mike graduated with a wizarding degree in computer engineering.
Now, a lot of people hear that, and they say,
what, that's not, and I say technomagic, is what I say to those people.
Circuit spells.
Yeah, techno wizards.
It's all about bits and bytes and incantations.
Where's he going next?
Oh, he's going to be pursuing his masters at Stony Brook once more, and unfortunately
his friends, Matt, Tony, Franco, and Sean, they done fucked up, and they have requested
that I do the jingle this week.
Oh, shit.
You will also need to combo, that means you've been lumped in.
Oh, by the way, Mike's nickname, the captain.
I like that.
I like that, too.
I like any nickname that's the, unless it's the situation, but the captain is fine.
Listener Jennifer Manziel writes her husband, Todd, a 40, no, it's not what writes him,
wishes him a happy 40th birthday on June 29th.
So just two days away.
Here's what I know about Todd, rapid fire, chef, Vancouver, BC, before time he was a
chef back in caveman days.
We have a Boston terrier named Maude, Todd's nickname, gorilla, turning 40, did cover that.
You're listening to the captain and the gorilla on 94.3.
There, there's your jingle.
His hair is like lambswool.
Awesome.
He plays World of Warcraft.
That is the order in which I hope he would relate those facts to me, were I to meet Todd.
Actually, that's how it's listed on his resume.
Special skills, hair like lambswool.
Todd, this is a really long business card, but I appreciate you giving it to me.
Can I feel your hair again?
So happy birthday to you, Todd.
Thank you, Jennifer, for wishing Todd such a happy special day.
Uh, sadly, because of the, I'm just going to say callous misjudgment of Matt, Tony,
Franco, and Sean, you are going to have a jingle also sung by Travis as he sings about
the captain and the gorilla.
I told him to get a Casio keyboard pre-programmed with, with the backing tracks.
Uh, I do not think he has taken that action.
So let's see what Travis has whipped up.
How are we going to, how are we going to?
Here's what we're going to do, Griffin.
We're going to sit here in silence as Travis sings us a song about the captain and gorilla.
So you want, cause I can just do it like acapella, like arocapella.
Yeah, I think you should definitely do that.
I can't, like I won't be able to handle.
We are going to see where this goes.
Strap in.
You guys got to shut up so I can pretend like you're not there.
This is what it's like when Travis has sex too.
Okay.
Okay.
So here's what I've worked up.
Okay.
God damn it.
Captain Mike and the gorilla set their boat towards excitement and they sailed down the
river of dreams.
They had adventures by the score for about 20 years or more, but then everything ends
or so it seems.
Now they've grown up and gotten adult jobs.
He's a chef.
He's a technical engineer.
Is that it?
Stop laughing.
I'm not laughing.
Is that the end of the song?
No.
He's a technical engineer.
Got that bit.
Here comes the bridge.
Now Captain Mike and the gorilla have given up adventure.
They sold their boat and got a mortgage.
Did that rhyme with engineer?
Would that have rhymed if we let you sing it all together?
Yes, maybe.
Jesus will know if you're lying.
And then pretty much the song devolves from there and then the rest of it was something
about learning that the greatest adventure is life.
Why are you- why didn't you sing that bit, Travis?
Do you not know how the song works?
Is this like an R. Kelly speech breakdown?
Well now I've lost-
And then after that point we basically just sing about a free bird flying.
There's some more guitar noises.
And then there's a pretty epic bridge.
Yeah, so it's pretty much a lot of that.
Say so far, say goodbye to yesterday, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
And then we wrap it up.
Learn a life lesson.
Learn a life lesson.
Explored.
Yeah, so it's pretty much just like that.
Like, where were you?
The world stopped turning and we all think about how sad we were.
And then there's some guitar.
And then it's over.
It's the end of the song.
It's pretty good.
What do you think?
Thanks, Alan Jackson.
That was a great performance.
Hey-
Yeah, now it's like an Indian outlaw.
It's basically just a meditation on that for another minute and a half.
I have to do the course a couple more times and have Cherokee chalk to all that stuff.
There's some more vaguely racist stuff.
A, B, C, C, A, A, B, C, B, B, B, C, A, D, J, A, C, C, B song pattern.
So-
Did you see DJ, A, C, C, B, B, B?
He was at the show last week and he's amazing.
Oh, fuck.
It's amazing.
So thank you guys for, I guess, for that.
And thank you, Travis.
Please never, ever make me do that again.
Since splitting up with my girlfriend two years ago, I've been focusing on ruining my business-
Nope.
And spending- Nope.
I've been focusing on running my business and spending time with friends.
I'm 23 years old and I have ambitions and goals I would like to achieve.
Should I be looking for a relationship?
Most of my friends are engaged.
Or just carry on doing me and I don't think you have much of a choice.
Wait for someone to come along undecided in the UK.
Oh, man.
It's like this guy's me, like last year when I was 23 and running a business.
Well, Griffin, how did you make this choice?
Listen, I've been running my business with just full steam ahead
and I don't have time to dock in the port.
My business is a steamboat.
Let me start over.
Griffin's in the steamboat business.
I'm in the steamboat industry.
It's booming.
And because it's a hip hop steamboat and the speakers are loud.
So anyway, the stern wheels of steel is what he calls it.
This primary is going to keep on rolling.
And I don't have time to stop in the port of love.
I don't have time to dock there because I'm too busy running my business.
And there's nothing wrong with that because a steamboat in port gets loved.
But that's not what a steamboat's for, is it?
Uh, for love?
No, no, it's nice.
It's for traveling down rivers.
No, yeah.
Or hosting the most bangin' R&B rap and beats concerts in the eastern United States.
Exactly.
Listen, Undecided in the UK.
We all are in the business of spinning plates.
We all have different things going on.
And sometimes when one plate falls off, the stick that you're spinning it on, the dowel
rod that you're spinning it on, it shatters like your relationship did.
It's okay to look at the other plates and be like, well, I gotta make sure these are
really, really spinning.
But eventually, you gotta pick that plate back up and put it back on.
If I've learned anything from ABC family movies and the like, people that always just
devote themselves to their job and don't spend any time with family and friends are
always the happiest people.
Oh, yeah?
Right?
They never look back on their life and regret the choices they've made.
I mean, I'm fucking smiles for miles over here.
Like, you don't have to, because you're spinning- let's go back to the plate spinning
analogy, because I felt like it was so on the nose.
Like, you're spinning that plate and it falls off, and then your chore of a girlfriend comes
in and is like, why are you spinning my plates?
And it's like, this is my job.
I'm a plate spinner.
I'm focusing on this right now.
Yeah, but the problem is, is you don't look back.
Like, you don't turn 24 and look back on 23.
You turn like 68, and you're old and alone, and then you're sad.
You don't look back on 23, Travis?
I think about how sweet 23 was every time I go to bed in my bed.
Now you're 24, you're run down.
Oh, like, I'm already like a fifth of the way through my life.
Don't think about that.
Whoa!
Yeah?
I'm going with the 120 years.
You an electric Neil?
I mean, every year that gets away from me is another year that I spent alone on this
fucking steamboat.
This steamboat sucks.
I can't sleep on it, because it's just parties all the time.
What was I thinking?
To be fair, we tried to talk you out of it.
Why did I buy this from that shady Cajun businessman?
This was the worst idea.
I thought it was going to be like Maverick, but it's not like Maverick.
It's just shitty hip-hop parties all the time, and I can't sleep.
Fuck it, and I'm so alone.
Fuck you, Maverick.
I thought Jodie Foster was going to come in here and jump my bones, but that's not what
happened, is it?
So it's less focusing on your business and more trying to get Jodie Foster to fall in
love with you.
By the way, a little misguided, as it turns out.
A little bark up the wrong tree there.
I guess undecided in the UK, what we're saying is, you want to buy a steamboat?
I'll give it to you cheaper than I got it.
I know a guy who will cut you a deal.
Let's do a quick Yahoo.
Okay.
All right.
Sounds good.
This one was sent in by Ryan M.
Thank you, Ryan.
It's by Yahoo Answers user BX, who asks,
Should Obama try to change his image by wearing body armor and showing the world he is ready
for action?
Obama just does not seem presidential enough, and his policy on troop withdrawals are making
him look soft.
Here's the thing.
Yes.
Here's what's up.
I think Obama should dress up in full-blown robot armor.
I think he should carry around big gun all the time.
And I think, can we get a rapier?
Can you carry around a rapier everywhere he goes?
And like two flags sort of tucked within his back so he looks like some sort of superhero,
some sort of patriotic superhero.
I think he should wear a costume reminiscent of George Washington.
Oh, you're saying like full-blown powdered wig.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Peg leg.
Like let's president it up, you know?
So we have basically like old-timey Obama or like Psy-Bama.
Psy-Bama.
Techno-Bama.
Okay, okay.
So what about him in a George Washington costume inside of a robotic exoskeleton?
Oh, I love it.
Like, oh, that couldn't get any weirder.
Him in an exoskeleton.
It opens up.
Oh, shit.
He's in George Washington gear.
What about instead of body armor, what about under armor?
He just shows up, shows up completely flexed out.
And just cuts to Obama running up and down the bleachers and he stops and goes, you know,
I love Gatorade.
Obama, you gotta run this country.
He's like, I can't, I'm sporting.
Back off.
They're like, we need you to sign or veto these policies.
And he's like, I can't, I gotta catch this football.
Sports president.
I can't run the country.
I'm running these wind sprints.
Here's the thing.
Every president has his thing, right?
Like everyone has a scene.
Like Bill Clinton was the president who loved blow chops, loved getting them.
And then there was-
To be fair, he ran on that platform.
Yeah.
It's like, who's got two thumbs up?
There's blow jobs.
Me.
I do.
He ran on that platform, but not as fast as Obama.
He's a sports president.
Well, I don't know.
That's the thing.
I feel like Obama hasn't established himself as a particular, but he doesn't have a goof.
He doesn't have a goof.
He could be the sword fighting president.
That'd be good.
But I'm pretty sure that like Aaron Burr, was he a president?
No.
Sure.
Hamilton.
He was a prez, right?
One of those guys who was like scrappy.
One of those pugilistic guys.
Scrappy, yeah.
The ones that are like built like a short tank with a big mustache.
Okay.
But just picture this, right?
Obama, okay, so the scene is this.
We're inside the Senate.
They're trash talking Obama being like, he's soft, he's soft.
Obama kicks down a door.
Yeah.
With robots.
Shirt unbuttoned to his navel.
Oh, shit.
Slices the Constitution in half.
Well, he wouldn't-
Stabs a dude.
Okay.
Here's a problem.
Few things with that, that are a problem.
Like a hundred things that are problematic with that situation.
Okay.
I can name one right off the bat.
Our president is not Mike Hagar.
He isn't Mike Hagar.
He's not wearing a belt around his chest.
Not trying to rescue the mayor's daughter.
That's problem one.
That's problem one.
Problem two, he's not even remotely built like Mike Hagar, Travis.
Look at him.
He's good.
He's a great president and a great leader for our country.
But he's not a strong man, I don't think.
He doesn't look like-
He's never struck me as a particularly-
He's the cat burglar type.
Like he'd sneak in from the skylight.
Yeah.
And okay, so he can become Obama, our wispiest president.
Yeah.
I like that.
Just like behind a door frame, he sneaks in.
Where'd he go?
That's his jam.
He's just wispy all the time.
You never know where he's going to be.
So, and by the way, I just realized this.
I do want to apologize.
I've now stereotyped Obama as a criminal and good at sports.
I'm sorry, America.
I did my best.
Sorry.
Sorry, America.
Yeah, so there's got to be like, what if he could be like our most tender president?
What if he just like wrote poems?
Oh, and he did like fireside chats, but instead of being in a wheelchair,
he was laying on a bearskin rug.
You saw that video of that baby crying and he was like,
hold on, let me just, do you mind if I see that baby and the baby shut its fucking mouth?
Like the moment that his sweet presidential hands,
his tender, tender presidential digits like touched it.
You saw that video, right?
Because it's, that's what I'm talking about.
He's got powers.
The thing is, I can't, I think he should be wearing under armor in all these situations.
Why?
What?
Because it's like, if, because if he, he wants to keep that sports door open,
and I think just wearing under armor says that I'm going to do some sports later,
or I just got done doing some sports.
Like he gets those sports points without actually having to do any physical activity.
So it's like, and he carries around a water bottle,
like one of those squeezy bottles always.
Right.
Analoging.
Like it tells people like, hey, I just did sports.
And also I'm too busy to get out of my sportswear because I gotta run this country.
I gotta make laws and stuff and pass them.
I'm going to throw out one last idea here.
Oh, you're, okay, shut, shut it down.
Barack Obama, the hipster president.
Okay.
I like this so much.
So he could, first off, gotta grow a silly little mustache.
Gotta drink PBR, pretty much exclusive.
He already does.
He does?
Yeah, he loves PBR.
How do you know that?
Because it was in all the press photos, like when he was running for president.
Of him slamming a PBR?
Yeah.
God damn, if I'd known that, I would have voted for him twice.
Unpossible.
Travis, if you have a picture of the president slamming,
if you at home have a picture of the president slamming a PBR,
Hold on.
I need it in the forums today.
Obama PBR images.
Yeah.
Wait, no, that's photoshopped.
Get out of here, Travis.
All of this is real.
Look it up.
It didn't give me the pictures I craved, but if you've got one not photoshopped,
I want to see real pictures of our commander in chief slamming a PBR.
Slamming a God's beer.
I think it's a real thing.
That's Todd's beer.
Give it back.
So I want to hear Griffin's last question.
First, some super quick housekeeping stuff.
This is the big one.
The big one you've been waiting for.
If you go to maxfunstore.com right now, you will be able to buy the brand new
My Brother, My Brother, Me t-shirt,
designed by Mr. Justin Rousseau or Justin Rousseau, depending on how French I'm feeling.
It is an amazing design.
I adore it.
I could say that because I didn't have anything to do with it.
It comes in cobalt for dudes and turquoise for ladies.
We had a lot of people asking for a turquoise girl shirt.
And so we settled on turquoise for the ladies, especially cut for them.
These are high quality, soft, beautiful shirts.
They have a tag you can tear away.
So that's super nice.
They're alternative apparel, which is President Obama's favorite t-shirt brand
because he doesn't like he doesn't like those lane stream tees.
What what you need to do is be like Mr.
Dr. Muffin, who's my my hero in yours, Gregory.
I call him you.
You wear the shirt and you get on TV.
That's key.
Does it matter what show they get on?
Don't get on Tosh.
Again, because we've covered that market.
Also, don't get on cops unless it's you.
Unless it's you taking out a dude who just committed a crime.
Like you straight up tackle him and stand up and point at your shirt
and try to sneak into like photos or whatever.
Try to get it into cool places.
Our buddy Bob Ball has actually made like a video series where his
in B&B and T-shirt goes on tours and
if we could just like a series of people being that guy who like ducks in the back of pictures
and points at their in B&B shirt.
Like I would like that to become like the new like meme.
Get buried in your shirt.
Get buried in it.
When you buy a lot of them build a house off.
Just then you'll live.
Then it'll be forever.
Our show will live forever.
Go buy one of those maxfundstore.com is the website.
Go get one.
Go get one for someone you love.
What better way to introduce the show to someone
than get them a T-shirt and say you like this now.
Also, go to the forums that's at maximumfund.org.
You can find those and come talk about our show and all the other fine maximum programs.
Last week Griffin made a joke about nomenclature and drinking game
and we got so many emails about rules for an MB&B AM drinking game
which I think that that's a great idea but we're not going to limit your creativity.
So go to the forums and somebody start some line of discussion about.
I have a great MB&B AM drinking game and it is while you listen to our show
you drink an adult beverage and when you feel thirsty
you refresh yourself with that beverage.
Okay so every time you feel like taking a drink you take a drink.
Every time yeah every time the spirit compels you to drink your drink
then you drink it like a fucking adult.
That's I mean that's less of a game.
Is it?
To live will be a great adventure think about it.
I learned that from your fucking song Travis so don't tell me that's not true.
Travis and also go to bit.ly forward slash MB&B AM tune one
and watch the MB&B AM super show it's absolutely amazing.
I want a hundred can we commission them to make a hundred of those?
Yes we want to say thank you so much to people talking about our show on twitter.
Jonah Skye is trying to get people on board.
Deadpool Skye continuing this theme that I've just started now.
I'm seeing a lot of a lot of people listening to us on road trips
like Ben Laden and and Media Fairy.
Media Fairy was on a long one.
I think that's just great because I also listen to podcasts on road trips.
Not my own podcast but other people's.
That would be pretty cool if you listened to your own one.
Hey do you remember when I did this goof?
So thank you to everybody who's who's been listening
and uh Hey Friend, Heavy Mono, Neemi, everybody.
There's so many people.
Let's hit our old favorites uh Michelle Mittens and Awesome America.
Oh man.
Yeah oh man.
Killing it.
Ed Fail, Freeman Tim, everybody.
Resilient Rabbit, Kevin Wilson, everybody.
Lema Starda.
Just guys fucking thanks.
Thank you.
Yeah you're like the fucking best people.
Trav Man Man, Trevor Woodburn.
The Triscuit.
The Triscuit always.
Fucking killing it overseas.
S Diesel.
Great Nanners, Maya Love.
Oh that Carrie is back in the fold after taking a month off.
We're happy to have her.
This is this is a train that keeps on rolling.
Eric, Patrick, and Chimason who got a fucking stupid show tattooed on their bodies forever.
Yep.
Yeah.
Yeah, Corinne Taggs, what's up?
The Brennel.
I love you guys so much I'm fucking angry about it.
The Anarchists.
Fuck you.
Fuck you guys.
Fearless Gunner, you assholes.
You fucking jerks, I love you so much.
All right so Sam McBastard, Fancy Weevil.
Thank you to everybody.
Hey how about Rocky Horror?
Magic Whiskey.
My bim bam mixtape number two.
You fucking jerk.
Oh shit you asshole.
Thanks for being so fucking cool.
Golly A Olly and Jacob Locker and Callison in questions every week you fucking dicks.
Lil Sar is helping out.
Pitch it in.
Okay.
Daryl Stripper.
All right.
So that's our angry segment about how much we love you.
Fucking love you man.
Our parents used to have that segment pretty frequently actually.
So thank you guys.
Griffin I'm ready.
My body is ready Griffin.
Give me the last question.
This one was sent in by Cal.
Thanks Cal.
I love you.
You fucking dick.
Uh it's by Yahoo answer user Raymond who asks does this story sound too cliche?
Male lawyer plus female cop plus friction between the two plus murder plus mystery?
Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man these girls are smart.
Three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Play your part play your part.
