The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
What's up, sports fans? You've tuned in once again to Hoop Bros. It's a slam dunk.
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy, and I've got March Madness. It's clinical.
I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy, and I'm taking it to the hole.
What? Oh, sorry guys. I think I'm just coming down with a touch of basketball fever.
You have to say your name. Griffin McElroy. I have basketball fever.
Griffin McElroy, basketball fever man. It sounds more like a confession than AA.
So we are the Hoop Bros. It's March Madness, and that means only one thing.
This is just layout central. I hear the Blue Devils got a stern talking
to by the Tar Heels last night in terms of basketball points.
Who was dunking more sweet on which one? Willis went balls to face on Reginald in dunk mode.
Wow. Just full on dunking right on him. It was a nasty, he jumped from the half court,
and he stretched his arms and legs out, and all the Monstars grabbed onto his legs,
but he still stretched his arm all the way out. You're drifting into space jam.
Space jam again. What is it? We talked about how we're not gonna let you on Hoop Bros anymore
if you keep talking about space jam. But this wasn't a work of Looney Tunes fiction. This was...
Looney Tunes fact. Looney Tunes fact. Travis,
let's take it to Trav's Corner. This is our weekly segment where Trav gets
pretty deep into basketball, b-ball strategy. Trav, how important is it to get more points
in the other team? I've been doing a lot of number crunching, and my statistics look like
it's real important. Travis, now can you tell me what's a good score to have and get?
Uh, I don't know, like 12? 12 is...
13? Maybe like 13 points? I don't mean to, I know that you are our
resident math magician, but it seems like there are a lot of numbers higher than that.
Yeah, but that's like just an improbability that someone would score higher than 13. Do you know
how hard you have to be working to score more than 13 points? Maybe Wilt the Stilt Chamberlain
could do it, but that's it. Pretty sure he scored a hundo in one game.
What?! He got like a hundred points in one game.
And then he immediately died. Yeah, like his heart exploded.
Now, Travis, points in basketball are awarded by judges. How can you really wow them to make
sure they're assigning you a lot? It's all about the flair, Justin. It's all
about your spin and twirl as you do it. You can't just put the ball into the hole. You have to like
spin around when you do it, maybe stick out your tongue. Just a little bit of flair to make you
stand out. The new rule in the NBA is that if you yell your catch phrase mid-dunk, you get bonus
points for that. Or maybe you just yell like, dunking donuts! Or something like draining them!
And then you drain them. People like that. People like draining them. That's Kobe's.
Does Kobe say draining them, or is he like- He doesn't have to now because it's become so
much a part of his repertoire that people say it for him. Oh, like everybody else yells it.
Yeah, the other four guys on the team just sing it out like a chorus.
It's beautiful, actually. It's haunting. It's actually really touching.
It's actually pretty lovely. That sounds actually really nice.
But to be fair- Oh, sorry guys, that's the buzzer. That does it for the Hoop Bros.
For this week, don't want to get a technical foul, gotta pass the show over
to my brother. My brother and me will see you next week.
Oh, that was a good bit.
That was a real solid goof we just did for a long time.
I'm committing us actually to doing it every week in March.
Oh, you want to do Hoop Bros from now on?
Hoop Bros from now on, every week in March is Hoop Bros week.
This is my brother, my brother and me, actually. It's not really-
Well, the other show was a sports show that we do.
This is the other side of the coin.
It's the flip side of that coin. It's my brother, my brother,
me and the advice show from the modern era. We've already introduced ourselves,
so I feel like we should get right into the advice.
I feel like it's a bizarro world and Hoop Bros is the polar exact opposite of what our show really is.
Except for the fact that pretty much all the insight it espouses is useless.
Yeah, except for that.
Except for it's complete just sort of useless.
Somewhere in an alternate universe, there is three McElroy brothers that are just so on point with sports.
There might be some in this universe, they just don't have a podcast inside our podcast.
Hey, about two months ago, I moved into a new apartment. Great spot, love it.
But a few weeks ago, someone moved into the apartment above me.
He's loud and obnoxious, stomps around whenever he walks,
and on an almost daily basis has loud, drunken conversations with his friends really late at night,
often until two or three in the morning.
I have to live here for the rest of the year, and he'll be here for at least as long.
What is the etiquette in this situation?
Should I march up there and tell him to keep it down?
Should I leave a note in his mailbox?
Or should I just leave it alone and get used to it?
Can't sleep in San Francisco.
Do you know that there is a body, an agency, that will just take care of this for you?
Really?
What do you call them, Griffin?
I call them the police.
Griffin, stop snitching.
We talked about this.
Snitches get stitches, Griffin.
There are a number of horrible crimes that you can do in this world, and snitching is high up on them.
But keeping me up at two in the morning after I just drank a bottle of red wine because I watched
a really sad episode of The Bachelor, guess what?
That's the highest crime in the land.
But here's the thing.
Here's the problem with this, and people have dealt with this for ages, for eons,
and that is once you call the police, now you're that dude,
and you have to keep living in that same apartment underneath the other guys.
Do you think that the police, when the police roll up and they're like,
hey, Roger down in 403 just called us up, what a little bitch.
No, they say like you got complaints from your neighbors, but like clearly it's the guy below them.
It's the guy below them.
They don't have to know which neighbors.
You have plausible deniability.
What if it's the guy above them?
You don't know it's the guy below them.
It could be anybody.
It could be the guy adjacent.
Why would you assume people below you are calling the cops?
I rarely even think about people below me as even existing in the world.
I live in a duplex.
So if I get called up, the fucking jig is up.
He's like, fucking Roger, you bitch.
I'll walk next door and be like, hey, Carl, what gives?
Is this you or Rosario?
Who fucked me?
Thought we were gonna stop snitching.
Thought we had agreed upon that, but I guess that's not our policy now.
Whatever you do, do not leave them a note in the mailbox.
It gives me chills.
That gives me chills.
Don't do that ever.
Tape a note to their car.
Excuse me.
Hey, excuse me.
Excuse me.
Sorry to have a good day, smile.
I'm just, oh, three o'clock's pretty late to be chatting with your bros, don't you think?
If you could just keep it down.
We used to get notes from the woman who lived in an apartment building Sidney and I used
to live in.
And she was also an insane person who was living in the building at a discounted rate
because she would take care of odd jobs.
Sort of like a dumb superintendent, a less than super superintendent, if you will.
And I remember in one of her classic notes, she left it taped to our door in this sort
of insane person scrawl with like backwards R's and whatnot.
It just said, I will take your Christmas tree for you.
This was in January.
I will take your Christmas tree away for you.
What do you want?
There was no instruction on how the handoff would happen if she was just going to break
in the back door.
What I'm building a Christmas tree friend and I need yours.
I'm so hungry, hungry for trees.
I'm making pine soup.
Please give me your trees.
Was she affronted by the fact that it was after Christmas and then you still had your
tree up?
Is that what the situation was?
No way.
She could have seen.
I mean, I guess it was in the window, so maybe she did see.
But it was like January four, I mean, it was nothing.
Yeah, guys, it's, it is, what is it now?
March three, take them down.
And there are like, my neighbors still have Christmas lights up like on their house.
Now, do you think that's confusing?
Cause it's like Austin and there is no change of seasons.
So there's like waiting for Easter and we're waiting for the next big holiday, I guess.
I think it might be more that it's awesome.
And so people are kind of zany and crazy.
They're kind of zany and like, yeah, this is my only source.
He's trying to keep Austin weird.
It's my only source of lighting now.
Guys, I love Auntie Mame as much as the next dude.
You got, and I love, I love Free Spirits.
You're taking, every time you use up Christmas magic in February or March, that's Christmas
magic that we will not have come December.
It's not a renewable resource.
No, it's not.
The government has some reserves, but we can't really get a release that on the year without
a Christmas.
This is why I'm such a strong, I'm such a strong proponent of drilling in Alaska for
more Christmas juice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Me too.
They're like, it's going to harm the wildlife.
And I'm like, fuck the wildlife.
I need my eggnog.
Yeah.
Ironically, it will kill many, many reindeer to do so.
Highly toxic to them.
But I think, I think it's worth it.
Did you guys see, I think it was last month that there was a big Christmas spill in the
ocean.
Oh my God.
Yeah, and they were just like, there were just birds washed up on the shore, just covered
in tinsel.
Was it, was it a Hallmark rig?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So sad.
The SS Hallmark.
They're so wildly irresponsible with their Christmas sauce.
The boats are so old.
That's the problem.
They've been using them since, I don't know, since Dudley Moore found Santa again.
I forget when that was.
It was a long time ago though.
Guys, how about a Yahoo answer?
Yes, please.
That was creepy.
This one was sent in by Graham Wetterburn.
Thank you, Graham.
It's by Yahoo.
Good name, Graham.
Yeah, it's by Yahoo Answers user Raj, who asks, why does Dilbert's tie curve up?
Scott Adams said in an interview with groundreport.com, no one really knows, including me.
Dilbert started as a doodle before I knew he would be famous.
I don't remember what I was thinking the day I decided to curl his tie up.
WikiAnswers' search tells me, A, it's a metaphor for his inability to control his environment.
B, he's just glad to see you.
But IMO, a mini hurricane surrounds him and keeps flapping his tie, smile face.
To all Dilbert fans, what do you think?
Oh, God.
Who thinks about Dilbert this much?
Apparently not even Scott Adams could be troubled to figure out why his dumb tie is standing up.
Man, when you ask this-
He's too busy hating women.
Yeah.
When you ask the sexist creator of Dilbert, like, hey, what's the deal with the tie?
He's like, fuck it, I don't know.
Stop pursuing that line of questioning.
Yeah.
Why is his tie sticking up?
Because she didn't cook it long enough in the kitchen.
Oh, Scott Adams.
Oh, shit.
Why is his tie sticking up?
Why are you not having kids?
Get out of my face, Scott Adams.
Hold on.
I really think this Scott Adams character is going somewhere.
I mean, why don't you workshop it and come back?
Justin's going to go workshop his Scott Adams character.
Travis and I are going to goof on the original cue, but Justin's going to go off.
You guys go forward and I will dip back in a little bit with some more Scott Adams.
Let me give you a setup.
It's Scott Adams in a pet shop that's run by a woman.
Okay, good, good, okay.
I also like the person who ever said number two, he's just happy to see you.
Dilbert's just got himself a tie bow in there.
Nothing weird.
Nothing weird about that.
He's got a tie erection.
I think it's suggesting that Dilbert is so bound to his job that his tie has literally
become a part of his body and when blood flow increases to the tie, it forms a fully erect
phallus.
And he has a really curvy wiener.
Yeah.
Well, that's just like a hook, like a fish hook wiener.
It's just a half chub.
If it was a full chub, his tie would be sticking straight out from his neck.
Why are these poodles so expensive?
Must be your time of the month.
Well, there he is.
Hey, Scott Adams, ladies and gentlemen.
Closer.
What's next?
What's our next scenario?
Scott Adams is an astronaut going to the moon with a female astronaut.
Okay, I'll check you in a bit.
This is the kind of question, right, that somebody doesn't just, like, ask.
Like, that they-
Well, they did ask it.
No, but I'm saying, like, this isn't like, oh, just popped in my head what's up with
Dilbert's tie.
Like, they've stared at Dilbert like every Sunday.
Here's a few excerpts from my thesis, my master's thesis.
What's the deal with Dilbert?
I mean, there are a couple of answers from people who say,
uh, uh, Adams has also hinted that the tie may just be displaying an aversion to him.
We may never truly know why Dilbert's tie does what it does.
Dilbert's tie doesn't do shit.
It's not a real thing.
A dude draws it and he doesn't know why he does it that way.
Like, there's no deeper truth.
I just heard Justin inhale sharply, which makes me think he's ready to give us his Scott
Adams Goes to the Moon goof.
Why are you even coming, Angela?
The moon's made of green cheese, not malls.
Yeah, I feel like your first opus was a little stronger.
And he's also starting to mutate a little bit into the Wolfman.
I'm starting at 1.7.
Can I have, can I have one more?
Oh, God.
I need to redeem myself.
Scott Adams is getting married.
Okay, got it.
Yahoo Answers user question mark responded to me.
I think that Dilbert's tie curves up to give him some individuality.
He works at one of those office settings where he is really just another number and paycheck.
Nobody's special.
He could replace it any time and nobody would notice.
I think the curve of his tie makes him stand out, even though nobody really comments on it.
Hey, I think you're projecting a little bit, bro.
Maybe just a touch?
And maybe Dilbert's there and Angela and Accounting just doesn't want to talk to him,
even though he's a super nice guy and he offered to make her dinner.
And that's why his tie curves up.
It's hard, man.
He just gets repressed by his triangular boss.
And his dog talks, which is pretty cool.
His dog talks and his cat is like an evil scientist.
I haven't read it in a while.
Yeah, it's been a while.
But there's an intern or something and they're real.
Do you remember we used to have that Dilbert screensaver and-
Yeah, the Dilbert desktop games.
Man, when I was nine, that was a jam.
Yeah, we played some real dumb shit.
Hey Justin, you got that goof ready for us?
For all that you are and all that you will be
and all that we will be together, I do.
I want you to get in the kitchen and make me some hamburger helper.
Scott Adams.
Shit.
Is this the first libel we've ever done?
Nah, it's definitely a libel.
But Scott Adams is listening to this right now thinking,
how did I get on that podcast?
It's probable.
I don't remember doing this.
It must have been another misogyny bender.
Another loss weekend.
Another weekend lost to hating women and myself
and loving television and loving making subpar comics.
I'm gonna cut out that last bit.
That's too mean, Justin.
Okay.
What?
Dilbert is not subpar.
Thanks.
Thanks for-
Thanks, Griffin.
You complete me.
Hey, I have a problem with people taking me seriously.
And it has a lot to do with how I look.
But I have a baby face.
You got baby face?
Baby face.
I can't not say baby face like the way we sound.
I have a baby face.
I typically get carded for R-rated movies
and at the hospital I work at, clients always call me kiddo.
Oh, no.
Buddy or something like that.
Sport, tiger.
They also tend to question my, I almost said existence.
That's not what he said.
They tend to question, but they're not that old.
They tend to question my experience,
even though I have been at my job for eight years.
I've tried growing a beard, but it comes in very patchy.
Any suggestions?
That's from Darling Doctor.
Well, I know the obvious answer.
What's that, Travis?
You need a sweet ass scar across one eye.
Yeah, cut yourself on the face.
You're gonna need a wicked, like,
something like I got this in the jungles of the Congo kind of scar.
Mm-hmm, something brutal.
Yeah, so you can go with that.
And you're a doctor, so you got a steady hand.
Go to town.
You can also, with some baby powder in the hair
and a stipple brush, make a pretty convincing aging makeup.
Look at, take a Benjamin Button, for example.
He was not really an old man.
What?
Yeah, I know.
So if you can get some of that,
some of whatever they were doing.
I do not understand it, but whatever they were doing,
there's a way to make yourself look older.
So it sounds like you're saying the answer,
as to many problems, the answer is movie magic.
Just stipple it a little bit.
Do you stipple, Darling Doctor?
Do you stipple?
Have you tried stippling?
Did you even consider trying stippling?
Maybe like different grades of stipple brush.
Hey, here's a freebie, by the way, guys.
Don't pay $3 for a stipple brush.
Get an air conditioning filter and cut it into cubes.
Yeah, silly bitch.
God damn it.
All your money on stipple brushes, down the drain.
I see people fucking just going bankrupt
buying stipple brushes and foam wedges.
And then they're just standing by the side of the road.
And yeah, their fake beard looks great,
but there's signs like, I stippled myself out of a job.
You don't need to go buy a box of foam wedges.
I'll just buy a Tempur-Pedic mattress and cut it up
and then use the, you can get like 10,000 wedges
out of one mattress.
Lifetime supply.
Lifetime of it.
Basically, so aging makeup, movie magic,
there's two, scar, that's three.
Man, I feel like we're being super helpful today.
Well, you could just start using words like 23 skidoo
and calling other people kiddo.
Maybe walk with a cane.
Wait a minute, a cane is good.
I like that.
But they might think you have scoliosis.
You could go house.
No, you could go full on house.
Yeah.
No one calls Dr. House kiddo.
No, they don't.
They're too afraid of his mean ways.
You're gonna have to go full on house.
You gotta go just like House did it.
I bet that's like, doctors are just like sick of that comparison.
Like people like rolling up to the hospital and be like,
so which one of you guys is like the house of the different?
I'm just like, God, no one's house.
It's not a real thing.
It's not a real thing.
If you did that for like a day, you get fired forever.
Because the one thing-
He just takes pills all the time.
If there's one thing hospitals love more than a guy who cracks them all,
it's a guy who doesn't get sued to do oblivion every other week.
Can you put phone books on your feet and walk around?
Okay.
Well, then they call you old elephant foot.
That might look kind of ridiculous.
Can you get a long trench coat?
And sit on a short person's shoulders.
You get another young looking doctor and you guys team up.
Oh my God.
Because then you would be tall as two short doctors,
but you would also like have the brain of two doctors.
You would be the smart,
that he'd be whispering up to you like, check his blood and bones.
Oh, and you can say like, I need to consult a surgeon
and you just like duck your head inside your jacket.
And you put your head back up and you say,
don't worry, my dick is a surgeon or so I've been told.
And now he's ready to operate is the rest of that.
Yeah.
That's the, the, the, the cherry on top of that fucking yucky Sunday.
It sounds like you're setting up, like,
you need to start doing some experiments with like chemicals and stuff.
And you're going to get yourself into a big situation.
And you're like, I want to be big.
Is that how big happened?
No, big wasn't chemical based.
Okay.
But I'm, I'm telling you, I'm taking the non.
It was nuclear, nuclear radiation.
Zartan.
Yeah.
Zartan is a real.
You're talking about a real life.
Chemicals are real.
That's, that's good.
Chemicals are real.
You're just, and maybe it's a movie starring Timothy Daly.
I can see him in it.
Okay.
And he mixes up the chemicals and it makes him look older.
See, I see this as a book that Travis has written and it's called
Chemicals Are Real Science by Travis McElroy.
It's almost as good as his book about basketball.
All you want to know about science,
but we're too afraid to ask because it's fucking stupid.
I feel like we've given you some really good hope.
Yeah.
I mean, I feel like you've got enough.
I don't know why you're still bothering us.
Cause I feel like we, we really gave you some action items.
Some take homes.
You guys want another, you know, another Yahoo.
Yeah.
Give me somebody else to help.
I already helped that guy.
Yeah.
This one was sent in by Eric Leiden.
Thank you, Eric.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Sarah Sparks, who asks,
why did most of my friends turn into whores when we got into middle school?
Oh no.
Oh, golly.
That's it.
Is that the whole question?
Oh no.
Okay.
Um, I know.
Listen.
Really?
When you, when you hit 11, it is just, you just go full bore now.
You don't have a choice in the matter.
You just go full bore.
Is it 11?
Yeah.
11's the new 17.
That's like the saddest thing.
11's the new 15.
Like, like just like 15 year olds in our age, 11 year olds just ramp it, ramp it up.
They ramp it off of a cliff in the, in the sex, sexually irresponsible canyon.
This, see, this is one area where I agree with Rick Santorum.
Let's lock our preteen girls in cages.
Yeah.
Well, your own, not other people's.
No, no.
Don't come into my house and lock my family in cages.
That's my daughter and I will lock her in a cage to preserve her.
Kids grow up too fast, but you can stunt that if you have them in a cage in which they have
to remain permanently hunched.
Because if you put them in like a round cage, they're going to grow round.
It's really awesome.
That's, Travis, it's not like foot binding.
What are you talking about?
No, it is like, you know, like you grow like a cucumber in a bottle and you get a bottle.
Yeah.
You put a kitten in a mason jar.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
I feel you.
Don't do that.
That's stupid, but I feel you.
What you got to do is you got to black out.
You got to SOPA their like Wikipedia.
Because that's how you learn like what a boner is now.
Is that how kids are learning about it?
When you're nine and you get your first boner, the boner fairy visits you.
You know what you do?
You'll hop on Wikipedia and you look up a Wikipedia entry that somebody else wrote.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
People are getting boners at nine?
How are you this ignorant about this topic?
No, you're saying nine?
Yeah.
Yeah, according to Wikipedia, boner is a slang term for an erection of the penis.
Or a Zamboni ice resurfacing vehicle operator.
What is going on down there?
Or a jazz trombonist.
Yes, that's one of them.
Or a blunder, which is really funny and I wish we said that more often.
But I'm saying if you don't lock your daughter up before she learns all this stuff,
then you've made a terrible boner.
Yes, she'll start dating a boner or worse, a boner.
And you'll live to regret it.
Get it, lock them in a cage.
Before they make a boner boner.
Yeah, and then at 18, you release them into the world, just completely uneducated,
and then they're just so happy and blissfully ignorant.
Yeah, they don't need to know about all this stuff that we know about.
God, do you think, oh, I wish I could go back to the day before I knew how everything worked down there.
Yeah, there's a lot more mystery and a lot more shit.
I just thought it was movie magic.
Like me, myself, and Irene.
Here's a little factoid for you guys.
Did you know that there was an American comic strip about a guy in an ark full of animals
written by Mort Walker, creator of Beetle Bailey, and the name of that strip was Boner's Ark.
It stopped running in 2000.
I can't imagine why.
What could have undone this hilarious?
This hilarious, ironically, that is why Dilbert's tie curves because of his Boner's Ark.
Stupid, dumb show.
Can we just say that boners are a high schooler's game?
That's when you should start meddling.
In middle school, you should be more worried about being absolutely and completely ostracized.
Can we also agree that by the end of college,
you should have had all the boners you're ever going to have?
You've punched your boner card.
You get one more free boner, but then that's it.
And that's for your wedding night.
It's like that Eddie Murphy movie, A Thousand Words, where he only has that many till he dies.
It's like that movie, Brewster's Millions.
He has a million boners, and if he doesn't have them all in one day,
then he'll never have another boner again.
Also, the boners belong to an old man before him.
He's borrowing them.
He bequeathed his boners.
It's like that movie on borrowed boners.
It's a good thing they didn't cast a feeler in in that flick,
or it would have been a short film.
You know what I mean?
Because that's something you could say to make people think you're older.
Also, I've used all my boners up.
Should work pretty well, too.
My natural boners.
My God-given boners.
I've used all my natural boners.
Do you have any pills for that?
I don't want to have another one or I'll die.
This is basically what I'm saying to you.
So I'm so scared.
I only have so much blood, and I need to use it in my essentials.
Hey, how do I handle the immediate derision I get?
The, well, FU snob derision I get when people find out I don't own a TV.
Hey, I love TV.
I watch TV on my laptop, which often means I see new episodes before they air on real TV.
So I'm beating them at TV.
I shamelessly invite myself over to friends' houses to watch things,
and I will never ever give up my love for admittedly crappy TV medical dramas.
Is it possible, is it permissible to yell,
FU, I'm gonna go watch House-
So much swearing.
So much swearing.
So much swearing.
FU, I'm gonna go watch House now at these people and storm off.
Is there any way to defend myself as a normal member of society who loves
pop culture and just happens to consume it over Wi-Fi rather than cable?
And that is from, I kid you not, the future Mrs. Gregory House.
You are riding on the vanguard of the new television movement.
All those other people, they're the old guard.
You don't have to worry about them anymore,
because they're gonna die soon, like the dinosaurs.
You are in the fast lane of the information superhighway,
and they're over in the far right lane with their blinker on for like three miles.
Why are you even worried about the judgment of these dinosaurs?
They're extinct.
They're turning into coal and diamonds all around you.
Which will then go to power your internet, your coal-powered internet.
Coal-fired internet, the way grandpa used to make it.
I do not like people who don't have TVs.
Now, stick with me.
Now, stick with me.
No, I don't have anything.
Okay.
I do want to say that everybody should have a TV.
I have like four, so if you want one, I'll just give you one of mine.
But you do need a TV.
How else can you get emergency broadcast messages?
I have three TVs in my living room right now.
Jesus Christ.
One for cable, one's hooked up to my video game system,
and one's just sitting under a table.
It's just there in case one of the other ones stops working.
I haven't had cable in a long, long, long time, but I have a TV.
Is that weird?
No, because you need it for video games.
I need it for video games.
So you're just saying it's less to you about it being a facilitator for TV watching.
You just want people to have a TV.
Yeah, yeah.
I trust someone more if they have a TV.
Why do you think you're so cool?
TVs are cheap and they're great.
Just get one.
I know that we're going completely against what this person just asked us.
I disagree with you, too.
But I kind of feel the same way.
When someone tells me, like, oh, I don't own a TV.
I say to them, go, why not?
Just get one.
But I can do all the things I do on my TV on my computers.
No, but you can't.
Here's one thing that I'm going to hit you with.
Okay.
No one's ever said, like, let's have a communal experience.
It's Christmas Eve.
Let's all watch It's a Wonderful Life.
Please gather around my 13 inch MacBook Air screen.
No, this is going to be very cozy.
Flip side of that, nobody's ever said, I don't want to watch the latest episode
in The Bachelor.
Let's pick up my TV and put it in the bed with us.
And we'll just lie.
That's why you have both.
Yeah, right.
Nobody's like, hey, I'm throwing a big party at my house.
We're all going to watch the Oscars on my computer.
You are setting yourself up to be a lonely heart because you can't have someone over
to watch House with you.
I want you to live a life that is full of love and companionship.
And you can't do that when you're squinting at your MacBook.
Here's what you need.
You need to get yourself that S-video cable and just like connect your laptop to a TV.
But they don't have a TV.
They need to get the TV too.
So you need to get the S-video cable and the TV.
This is the most streamlined advice you've ever given anyone.
Just go buy a TV.
If you buy a TV, you get one.
You get one.
Just if you have one, then you, oh, you know what?
Just tell people you have one.
Yeah.
It's like, yeah, spot checking the neighborhood.
Right.
TVs.
Yeah, I love them.
I can't get enough.
Because if you can't say that to people, then you really are.
You don't have a TV because of because you like how that sounds.
You don't want to be that guy.
Oh, that guy can clean off.
I don't care about him.
I'm glad you're not that guy.
It sounds like you're not that guy.
And I'm proud of you for not being that guy.
Yeah, no, it doesn't sound like you're that guy, but don't be that guy.
Do you think that there were those guys like 50, 60 years ago who were like,
oh, I don't even own a radio.
Yeah, I see those where I see those wavy lines going through the air.
And I'm like, no, thanks.
Keep on going.
What is that?
You can keep your little orphan Annie.
I don't need it.
Oh, that's the Gutenberg press.
No, thanks.
Handwritten for me.
Yeah, I'll just let me get I got a lot of illuminating to do.
I'll catch you guys next week.
Like, hey, you know what I do when I need a new TV?
What's that?
I talk about soap.
Let's go to the money zone.
First trip to the money zone is being paid for by Sean Andrich,
who's wishing wishing Carla Andrich a very, very happy birthday.
Technically on Sunday, but we're celebrating it today.
Observed.
It's like it's like a birthday time warp because when you listen to this,
it will be Monday, but we are recording this on your birthday.
So it's earnest.
It's earnest birthday wishes, and I think you'll be able to feel that.
Yeah, she's happy birthday.
Okay, she's a dedicated MBMB AM listener and all around awesome lady
who's working on her second novel, loves their two awful cats and is a quote.
I don't want to say this, but I'll say it, and she is a total tiger in the sack.
All right.
Okay, so now the Internet knows that.
Now I know that more importantly, the Internet can go fuck itself with a with a pylon.
I don't care about the Internet, but I care about me having to hear those words.
Hey, I just want to wish her happy birthday and tell the world she rocks my socks.
I know Griffin won't do songs for non-corporate entities, but maybe Justin will.
Okay, will Justin?
Carla's so beautiful to Sean.
It's great.
Can't you see?
Yeah, something about being a tiger in the sack.
She's a tiger in the sack, and now that's something Justin has to know.
That's great.
You are so beautiful to Sean.
We really got to find a way to get you on Fox on all of the songs we do from now on.
You've got a beautiful set of pipes.
Yeah, that was amazing.
It's yeah, thank you.
Thank you very much.
And also, we, of course, want to take a moment to love our friends at Stack Soap.
Stack Soap is you ever have those stupid slivers as I call them?
Trademark where you use the bar soap and it's down to a dumb little sliver
you have to throw away or slip on and die.
Well, not anymore.
Stack Soap is a soap that has a special divot in it that lets you slide the stupid sliver
right into it.
And so you never end up having to waste it.
If you pledge $10, you're going to get six bars of Stack Soap.
And those kids, you only have nine days to get in on that deal.
And if you go now, you could possibly be the 1000th donor.
Can you believe that?
It's amazing.
Like you guys, you're incredible.
Yeah, you guys are really actually crazy for soap.
But I'm super happy that they have-
Why you guys love soap so much.
It is dirty.
But go to stacksoap.com, bid on some soap, get in on the ground floor of soap.
Now, part of our ongoing engagement with Stack Soap is that Griffin has been working on a
jingle for them.
Griffin, how is that coming?
Bad.
People have been asking about it.
Actively poorly.
I'm on the West Coast, West Coast, Left Coast this week.
People have said, I know John Drake, who works at a music video game company-
Can't say which one, but-
Can't say which one.
The only one that hasn't shut down.
Yeah, he works at Harmonyx said, I can't wait.
We're all losing our minds over here at video games.
Everyone at video games can't wait for Griffin to drop this hit.
And he knows everybody.
He knows Feist, he knows Ravi Shankar, he knows all the music biz.
So this is kind of your shot at the big time.
And I think everyone's, I think we've only got one more week with our friends at Stack Soap.
So like, you really got to drop it on us.
Oh, it's not ready.
Okay, next, but next week-
Next week it'll definitely, definitely be ready.
But this week I've been thinking more about like, I got the chorus down, right?
I got the, put your soap in my soap, right?
Yeah.
I got that part.
But like the verses need something like, I've been trying to think of soap goofs.
Soap goofs.
It's hard to do, isn't it?
Something like, it's-
Pop a bubble.
Bubble bubble.
I don't want to pop your bubble.
It ain't no lie.
And the lie would be L-Y-E.
Uh huh, uh huh, yeah.
Because it's not in there.
There's no lie in the product.
There's no lie in it?
As far as I know, no.
No, there's like glycerin or something.
I could just do a cover of glycerin.
God damn it.
So, um-
Don't let your skin get dry.
Don't let your skin get dry.
Don't let your grandpa die by slipping on a silver soap.
There it is.
That's, ooh, you're getting really close.
I want, here's the thing.
When you finally drop that, I want full production.
I want layered vocals.
Uh, I want, I want guitar effects.
I'd like a drum track if I could.
Okay, so you want me to get-
Can you do the Wawa thing?
I love the Wawa thing.
You want me to fully garage band this shit.
I just want you to garage band it.
Yeah.
I think everybody's ready.
But anyway, that's stacksoap.com.
Don't let your grandpa die.
Buy Stack Soap.
Don't let your grandpa die.
And don't let your grandpa die before he hears
one of the fine programs on the Maximum Fun Network.
What if what you're about to hear about right now.
Hello there, my name's Graham Clark.
And I'm Dave Shumka.
And together we host a podcast called Stop Podcasting Yourself.
This is a file that you download from the internet
and then you listen to it in your pod.
What's that about, you ask?
Well, who are you to ask?
Who do you think you are?
Yeah, get lost, bozo.
We're a couple of stand-up comedians in Vancouver,
British Columbia, Canada.
And every week we bring a guest on the show.
Sometimes they're Canadian.
Sometimes they're not.
Sometimes they're a ghost.
It's like you're sitting in on a friendly afternoon chat.
Plus we're Canadian, so you get a tax break.
You can find us on iTunes or online at MaximumFun.org.
One of my roommates has a tendency to be up super late
talking to her boyfriend on Skype.
It occurred to me.
No, I'm sorry.
That is Skype.
It occurred to me recently that our router is in my room
and I'm the only one in the house who is at all cognizant
of the vagaries of home networking.
Would I be, like, the biggest dick if I logged in
and cut off her internet access for the night?
Or is this totally justified at 3.30 in the goddamn morning
when I just know that that bitch is gonna give me a migraine?
The ladies are fired up this week, right?
They are fired up.
That's from Vivaciously Velourant for Virtual Vengeance
in the Victoria.
How do you know this is a lady?
Vivaciously, I think, tipped me off.
You know what?
If someone woke me up three o'clock in the goddamn morning
talking on Skype, I would melt the router down
to its essential components.
Forget about logging her off.
I'm gonna log off the internet forever.
No way.
That dog don't hunt.
It's not my home.
I'm asleep.
You could talk to her about it.
Say, hey, I'm trying to sleep.
Could you please?
You don't have to ruin this expensive piece
of internet technology.
It's pretty boring, though.
Well, additional details that were edited out for time
is that she has talked to her and that sometimes
she goes and bangs on her roommate's door.
But she points out that sometimes it's late at night
and you're real comfy in your bed
and you don't want to get up.
Just reach over, switch off the router.
Those were salient details, Travis,
and I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't
censor them out anymore, SOPA.
When I don't edit things out, I get bitched at
because the questions are three paragraphs long.
Yeah, but then you read them later.
What part of editing for time are you unclear about?
If you say them later.
They got to hear it in my dulcet tones instead of yours.
Right, you reworked the verbiage.
It breaks it up orally.
Okay, well, then if you've already talked to her about it,
then yeah, I guess violence is the only answer.
Is that more entertaining?
Shut it down.
Shut it down.
Go full Gallagher.
Wait, what?
Full Gallagher, fucking put it on a big-
You're saying Bludgematic.
No, I think he's saying get up and leave.
No, what?
Like you would at a Gallagher show.
No, I'm saying,
No, I'm saying I hate these things.
All the kids downloading all their pornography and Googles.
Well, I've got a Google here dot.com.
Smash it.
Is this, was that Scott Adams pretending to be Gallagher?
Or what's going on?
That's Gallagher.
How can you not tell that's Gallagher?
It's clearly Gallagher.
Do you want to hear my other Gallagher impression?
Yeah, please.
Is this Gallagher 2?
Oh, Crikey.
Wonderwall.
Oh, Justin.
Now do your Peter Gallagher impression.
Oh, Jesus, fuck.
While you were sleeping, I smashed you with a hammer.
That works on two levels.
Seth Ryan.
Hammer.
We've been going on an OC.
This is the theme song to OC.
He was on the OC.
Sorry?
Peter Gallagher.
What about him?
He played California Dad on the OC.
Well, he was Surf Lawyer.
Yeah, Surf Dad.
Turn it off.
Turn it off and in the morning just say like,
I guess we had a ping in the middle of the night.
Guess you had some latency.
I guess you used up all the internet.
Sounds like a hack attack to me.
Anonymous came in and just stole our router.
Soap-ed.
I guess you got soap-ed.
It happens.
It happens.
Maybe get politically active and stop the soaping.
WikiLeaks.
You got WikiLeaked.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by question mark.
Thank you, question mark.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Tom, who asks,
does anybody else abstain from masturbation, sexual intercourse before a job interview?
And if not, how come?
I apply the same logic to job interviews as some sports teams do to important matches,
and it has become a ritual of mine.
Does anybody else abstain from masturbation, sexual intercourse before a job interview?
And if not, how come?
I need to take these things one at a time.
First off, are people really doing that during sports?
Yeah.
Is that like a thing?
Oh, you know, that's a huge thing for like boxers and football athletes is that you don't,
you know, you don't mess around before a fight, before a big game.
Is that like a full-blown barbarian thing and like it makes them hungry?
Yeah, it's like you're harnessing like your primal energies.
Oh, fuck.
Yeah, right?
It is gross.
That's disgusting.
They also eat a bunch of fettuccine.
Wait a minute.
That's just to carve up.
Coach comes into the locker room, says, sorry, hey, everyone, quit jerking.
Instead, let's go to the Olive Garden.
Yeah, let's go get some free breadsticks.
I'm going to substitute your jerking with some good, good pasta fagioli.
I don't think I would ever call any pasta I've eaten orgasmic.
Saying that's not a very fair trade.
But that is a risk.
What if the breadsticks are too delicious?
I get it.
Right?
Fagiolis, you know, you take a bite and you said this is splendor and there's infinite of it.
Whoops.
Oops.
What happened?
I need a book to explain this to me.
I'll open up Chemicals Are Real by Travis McElroy and figure out this orgasmic situation.
Oh, I just thought that was to kill the, kill the sexual arousal.
It's like you either think about baseball numbers or read.
Chemicals Are Real.
Is this a real?
Fuck, I wish I'd played sports so I knew if this is a real thing and coaches were like,
I want you guys horny as hell.
No, I don't think a coach can like legally say that.
When you are out there on that gridiron, I want you grabbing at those guys.
I just want you so desperate for any sort of touch.
I want you hungry for any sort of companionship or connection.
I want you hungry for basketball points and some touch.
I want you to just crave human contact.
Some kind of affection in this cold, cold world.
Here's the deal I'm going to make with you guys.
First guy running in the end zone can jerk off right there.
No problem.
That was the original.
No points until you jerk.
No jerking until you point.
And if you do a field goal, you can do like a bow, like through the clothes rub down.
That's it.
Well, that's why fucking, that's why Brett Favre sent that, sent all those ladies pictures
of his member is because he was so sexually repressed for how long did he play football?
I think like 53 years.
He wasn't allowed to jerk it for 53 years.
Then as soon as he got out of the game for the sixth time, that's why he kept quitting.
He would quit football, but like I'm done for real this time, jerk, jerk, jerk, jerk, jerk.
Okay guys, he's back for more football.
And then when he was finally done.
So for real, he was like, I got to send a picture of myself to everyone.
And he just immediately lost like 20 pounds.
Yeah, I wasted so much time.
He meant to send the picture of his wiener to his team as if to say,
look how good I'm going to be at football.
This is how red I am for football this time.
Oh Jesus.
This has been a real sports heavy show.
I think I love that the gentleman who has asked this question
feels the need to say like, does anyone not do this?
If so, why not?
Yeah, like because they're not fucking crazy.
There's a billion reasons why not.
Well, let's get back to the original query, which was not sports related,
but for a job interview.
I really want this job so bad.
That's what you need, especially if you have a job interview with a member
of the opposite sex or the same sex if that's your bag
that you find devastatingly attractive.
That's what you need is the distraction of your sexual organs telling you
it's time to procreate.
Yeah, that's what happened to Gilbert.
He had his interview with Triangle Boss and he was like,
want to have that.
Yeah, he's actually always interviewing for a job to leave the crappy job he's at.
So he always has a tie boner.
I've interviewed for a lot of jobs and I've interviewed a lot of people for jobs.
No job interview is that important.
No, no job interview is worth putting your sexual tiger in a cage.
What skills are you trying to improve upon?
Like if I don't jerk it before this, I'll be better with eye contact.
Like what are you bringing to this job interview besides your boner?
Employers can sense willpower.
So I think that's more what it's like instead of prolonging the boner magic.
I think it's more about, oh, so you didn't jerk it today?
I like the cut of your jib.
I'm impressed.
So you're envisioning a scenario where the dude has left the interview
and the boss is like, well, he's got a solid resume,
but I just got the impression that he jerked it before he came here.
So where's the dedication?
You can, can you not tell?
I can tell.
I thought everyone could tell.
Well, I mean, I guess if I had like 30 years experience in a job industry,
you know, like in a field and I was interviewing someone,
I could probably be like, oh, that's a young man who jerked it today.
We don't need him here at Sears Roebuck.
That's where people get jobs, right?
Though I don't subscribe to this, I have heard of needing to pee.
Like drinking a lot and then needing to pee when you go into a job interview
or perhaps a theater audition, you use that energy.
And biologically speaking, that's basically the same thing.
Well, that's an old actor trait.
You got pee, you use it.
Several problems I have with the things you just said.
Okay.
Name one.
Well, for one, you're saying that making pee
and the beautiful magic of the human orgasm is the same thing?
Yeah, yeah.
It's like sneezing.
Sneezing, having to pee, orgasm, they're all basically the same thing.
It's your body getting evil out of you.
Yeah.
That's why you do it in the dark by yourself when you cry.
That's what I believe, Griffin, and I have a right to believe that.
Second problem.
If you're in a job interview and you use that energy
and you piss your pants in front of another man or woman,
you don't get that job.
I'm sorry you don't get that job.
Unless you pee your pants, say-
There's no way a sentence that starts with unless you pee your-
Oh no, you can totally use it.
You look at the boss and say, I am so committed to this business
that I will literally pee my pants right now
if that's what will get me the job.
And then you do it before he can answer.
I will pee my pants for this AutoZone.
You pee your pants and you say, if peeing pants is cool,
I'm Miles Davis.
And then say, get it, like in Billy Madison.
And then just stare at him until you have a-
Now that only works if you're interviewing for Adam Sandler.
Yeah, if you're interviewing for Adam Sandler,
he's really going to appreciate that deep-
The real problem is if you hold in pee and you don't jerk it
and then you pee in front of your boss and you get a pee boner.
Oh no.
That was the grossest sentence I've ever said out loud.
Yeah, I want to not do this show anymore.
Can we work that out?
I'm going to throw out one thing though
that worries me more than this young man's philosophy
on how to prepare for a job interview.
I believe that in this world, there's always a balance.
And for like every vegetarian,
there's someone who just eats meat and stuff like that.
There is someone out there who's like,
oh no, before an interview,
I just jerk it until I'm like fall down exhausted.
Right.
Like I just nonstop jerk it for like three days
getting ready for any job interview or sporting event or anything.
Just know like, I can't stand it anymore.
I like, I like my hand and my genitals
to look like I just dropped an iron on them.
Like just reddened and scalding and peeling away.
Bill, you look, you look pretty weary.
Are you sure you're ready for this?
This big game and or job interview?
I've never been readier, sir.
Sir, I'm so sorry.
I like the cut of that young man's jib.
It looks like he just furiously masturbated for 72 hours.
He's committed to this AutoZone.
Tantric.
So that's our, that's our dumb show about Peaboners, I guess,
is what Griffin has made it about now.
That's the only thing anybody's going to talk about.
Thank you so much for tuning in.
We're here every Monday morning, morning, afternoon, you know, Mondays.
Yeah.
Usually.
You can find us at nbmbam.com at nbmbam on Twitter or on Facebook.
Just search for my brother, my brother and me.
Speaking of Twitter, keep an eye on like Jesse's Twitter account, our Twitter account,
and I'm sure everybody who's associated with MaxFun.
We got a new MaxFun show coming up, I believe this week.
We're really excited about it.
You're going to love it.
So just kind of keep your eyes glued to the Twitter.
Yeah.
Keep it, keep it locked.
And thanks to everyone who is tweeting about the show.
Tweeting about the show, Kali Buckler, NanoBoy, Strack Films, Seth Macy, Johnny Wags, Gerardi
C. Griffin, Hello Jobin, Mr. Eduardo, Twitter Run, FunnySoracin, everybody, DCBY11, Jake
Fark, Bake R, everybody, Ashley Love Martin.
We really appreciate it.
And if you tweet about the show with the nbmbam hashtag, make sure you throw a link in, even
if it's to our sampler.
That's bit.ly forward slash it's what bim bam.
And I've seen a lot of those this week.
So thank you guys so much.
Thank you.
Yeah, much obliged.
Thank you.
We don't advertise or anything like that.
So telling friends is the only way we can evangelize.
So you doing that for us, it means a whole lot.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song, It's
a Departure, off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Are they touring?
I keep seeing tweets of his and he's in different places and I think they might be touring.
Well, he was doing some shows with our dear friend, John Hodgman.
They were in Tucson and I think maybe LA at the Largo.
Is it possible he's just a rambling man?
I think that he has the look of a rambler.
Yeah, yeah.
So he's just a rambling man.
Go see him if you have the opportunity.
I haven't yet, but I bet their shows are great.
Oh, oh, oh, one more thing before I forget.
Email us your questions.
If you got something going on in your life you need help, mbmbam at maximumfund.org.
And if you want us to wish someone a special time or wish your business some more business,
go to maximumfund.org for it slash Jumbotron.
Okay.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Lisa Holofield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Spencer who asks,
Who's a bigger star? Alpha Tony Danza.
