It's familiar, but not too familiar, but not too not familiar.
My son is at Santa for a Wii U. Is it Santa or Santa? My son is at Santa for a Wii U this year.
My wife and I have absolutely no intention of buying a Wii U for a
variety of reasons. He's young enough that we don't want to tell him the truth
about Santa yet, but we don't want to be disappointed when the big day comes.
We've tried several ways of talking him out of this Wii U idea, but his
conviction is pretty strong. How can we shake him of the idea that Santa will
bring him this ridiculous gift without ruining the magic? That's from Alex.
Why is your kid asking for presents from Sansa from Game of Thrones? I don't
understand. I thought it was Beyonce's alter ego, Santa Fears. Sure. Listen, let me
let me talk to your kid. You guys have to leave the room. Come in here little
Bryce. Come in here little Bryce. Let the brothers back right talk to you. Now parents you do
have to leave the room. We probably, you know we can't use bad words. We've been
bound by a blood oath, so just leave the room and let us talk to him. You know
Santa's gonna bring it to you. Yeah. Mom and dad are playing this, playing dumb
basically. They're trying to be so cool. You know my parents try to play this
game. Oh what a Guinness. I'm not gonna get you one of those. And then what's
that? Nintendo 64. Wouldn't you like settle for a Nintendo 63? And then what's that behind the
couch? Oh must be from Santa. What's that from Nonny? Nonny's got you another
present. What's that? It's a secret present. Wait what did Nonny get?
Open it up. Oh it's a sewing machine box. Nonny wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Feels like there's some extra space. Something now rattling around in this
box. Open it up. Is it closed? There's a map. There's a map on this sweater. Is
that a codex? Oh my god Jesus had a son. I'm not even worried about the Wii U anymore. Now I'm off on an international intrigue. I love this. I've gotta go find the Pope and kill him while he sleeps. I did not
rig the da Vinci thing. That's basically it. Bryce listen. Bryce you know Santa's gonna bring it to you. Yeah if you believe. Your parents are just playing
dumb. Santa always hooks you up. Bryce for real have you been good? That's the only
question because if it doesn't show up then you know that somewhere along the
line you done goofed up somewhere. Bryce have you been good and are you a
Christian? Have you heard the good news? Bryce we've got good news. Wear this cape.
Wear this cape. Take this little book. Don't tell your parents though. Bryce we've got good news about the love of Christ.
Keep this little book secret Bryce. But if Santa doesn't bring you a Wii U then Jesus definitely is. Jesus is Wii U insurance Bryce. If Santa doesn't bring you a Wii U it's because your parents don't believe in
Jesus. You gotta diversify. Diversify your Wii U portfolio. Listen playing Wii U is
cool. You know what is cool? Living forever. Don't you want to live forever Bryce? And also possibly playing two Wii U's. One from Santa one from Jesus. After you hear this good news you're gonna be like we who? Because of the good news. Nintendo power? No power of prayer. Power of prayer. Maybe the real power isn't Nintendo
power after all. And also Nintendo power of prayer. Hey Bryce Jesus does what
Nintendo don't. Just food for thought Bryce. Chew it over. Maul it over. Parents you can come back. It's all sorted. We smoothed it all out. Hey listen do get my cape back from him though. That wasn't for Keebz. That wasn't Keebz that was like a
load of cake. He's crying because he saw something outside the window that scared him. It was a hawk. A big hawk flew down. We scared it away. We freaked it out though. God once you have one year where Santa doesn't bring the kid what he wants you never have to worry about bad behavior again. Do you want this to be like the one year? The one year that Santa really followed through on his seemingly hollow threat to not bring you what you wanted?
Just Merry Christmas. Bryce's parents. It's going to be a great one. It's going to be a great one. Don't listen back to that part. You're going to be tempted. Just burn this after it's done. Your iPhone I mean. Bryce just flush it. Just flush this phone down the potty Bryce. Daddy doesn't need it. That way Santa can find it. Because he lives in the sewers. No I'm thinking of it. I'm sorry.
One of those three is definitely going to hook you up with the Wii U. Jesus, Santa, or it. Pennywise is going to bring you a Wii U. This is important Bryce. Don't go to him. Let him come to you with the Wii U. Don't. He's going to come at you from the sewer like check it out. Tell him to slide it to you. I'm down here having a fun fun two screen experience with Mario and Yoshi. Come check it out. And you say no Pennywise why don't you come up. I got a big table up here.
Why don't you come up here Pennywise. They all waggle down here Brycey. I've got a lot of space that you can really explore with that gamepad. You're going to. I'm telling you I think it's going to be way better up here. So why don't you just. Just not in the sewer if we could. Hey, I know kids love clowns. Is there a clown in the world that can entice a child to follow into a sewer? How good is this clown?
He was just so gosh darn charming. He is. No he's not. He's Tim Curry.
And Tim Curry as we know is not blessed with natural charm. Could Tim Curry entice any child into any space anywhere on the earth above ground or subterranean for any reason using any means imaginable?
He can have all the Wii U's and candy in the world and be standing 10 feet away from the child in an open space. I'm going to make you a deal. Surrounded by Wii U, the candy, the pony, and the balloons. Right.
Tim Curry couldn't entice a child into an ice cream truck driven by a Pokemon.
He could be surrounded by his parents and police officers. Come here. You're going to love this. I'm chilling in here with Pikachu and Charmander.
Charizard, pump the brakes. We're all eating push pops.
How do I see you met my faithful ghastly? Don't get strung out by the way I look. Well, what else do I have to go on right now? You are a clown with sharp teeth.
I would rather not. Do get strung out. Very strung out. To be fair, I also don't think Tim Curry could encourage an adult to do anything.
Well, except dance. But let's let's get back to Snuggies because I feel like we've made Justin uncomfortable.
I think Justin's left. I think Justin might have switched the nozzle. He might have flipped the flanger.
I'm still here. What happened? My cat took a dump in here and I'm dying.
I'm trying to like listen to this goop and pick back up on the goop. I'm trying to also light a sensei.
This is important. Is it the cat that you have that is approximately three apples long or is it the 600 pound sea cow with furry legs?
I'm going to say it's the skinny one because they got it. It was like a stealth mish.
They got in and out and I didn't I didn't get them until I started getting in my old factories. Oh God, it's so dirty in here.
I have to find a candle. Say something funny. I sprayed some Old Spice Fiji body spray.
It's getting a little better. Oh no, it's getting worse. They're blending. Stop doing aerosol alchemy.
Can you not? It smells like physical therapist and cat food in here and I hate it.
It's like Jim, bro. Let's do the next question. Okay. Oh, I got a question.
How do you get the cat poopy smell out of your office when you try to do comedy?
This is a really good idea. The room in your house that you work out of and spend most of your time.
Don't let your animals shit in it. Maybe don't put a shit receptacle for any living being in it.
You have full control over where that shit occurs.
It all started because I had to keep the little one locked in here to keep her separate from the big one.
So I would put the dookie box in here and then I realized I should move it out of here because I'm in here.
But then I'm so worried that Amelia will be like, well, I've always stayed here before.
Sorry you didn't have that magic dirt. I'm a cat.
As I'm passing those people, it is almost certainly the only time I'm ever going to see them.
It is intoxicating, right?
The way I think about it is that as soon as I avert my eyes from those people, they're dead.
That's actually how I operate in just everyday life.
When I don't see my friends, they're dead. Whenever I'm not talking to you guys, you're dead.
My world only exists within a six foot circle around me.
So when babies start to figure out spatial understanding, you just skip that one.
We tried to play peekaboo with Travis and he just screams. He just screams wildly.
Where are you? What the fuck? Justin!
There was a man. There was a man named Clint.
This sounds like a pretty good Liam Neeson movie.
Exactly.
Where did you go?
It's taken three and he's playing peekaboo with his daughter.
Return my daughter to me!
I'm just behind this washcloth, Dad.
Dad, I'm behind a washcloth.
I have a particular set of skills.
I'm upstairs. You hear the vacuum cleaner. I'm upstairs.
Please fix your object permanence.
I have a particular set of skills. Object permanence is not one of them.
But I have learned all my shapes.
Let me draw you a circle.
Ten. I have ten fingers, ten toes.
This is like a Muppet Babies version of Taken.
Taken Babies.
Oh, God.
I make pee pee in the potty.
Who's the big boy? You're about to find out.
If you don't return my daughter. Dad, I'm right here!
Just turn around slightly to the side.
You swear you wouldn't do this at my wedding.
I'll lift the veil. Is that what you want? I'll lift it.
Fuck!
Can I cut you guys with a proverb and you let me know if it seems wise to you?
Because in my head right now, it seems really wise.
Throw your wisdom spaghetti against our wall and we'll tell you what's next.
Let me just see what it says.
And then we'll say, you wasted that spaghetti. What the fuck?
I'm not saying you're going to want to cross-stitch this on something.
But I think there's a nugget of truth there.
The man who sleeps with a machete is a fool every night but one.
Think about that for a second.
You know what? I am going to get that stitched onto a pillow.
Or your arm or something. Just stitch it, I feel like.
I don't want to get too deep here, but I would also say that every morning when you wake up, you're forced to survive.
Wow. Damn it.
Can I try? Can I try?
Yeah.
The world is a little bit brighter when you carry a smile for a flashlight. God damn it.
Can I try again?
Let me hit you with another one.
Okay.
Okay.
Life is like a box of chocolate.
Get out. We were doing so good. We were doing so good.
Wait. Okay. How about this one?
Okay.
The man who sleeps with a machete is a cut above the rest.
That wasn't a proverb. It's like a pun.
I think it was.
That sounds like the sign you put outside of your machete store.
Well, okay. To be fair, my machete store, a cut above, is thriving. Thank you very much.
It leads me to a question I've always wondered, which is, if you got someone strong enough,
and they, whilst hugging someone, grab both of their buttcheeks and pull the part really hard, could you rip someone in half?
Because I feel like the butt crack is like that little slit that they make in packages that allow you to open it easily.
And it's like God's way of saying, rip this person in two.
It's your Achilles heel, except it's your asshole.
Have you never wondered that, you guys?
You've never wondered that? Come on.
Why God perforated us? Is he daring?
You're saying that if you were to tear a human being in half long ways,
that the best place to start would be the buttcheeks because it's natural handles, and also there's already-
Obviously. I mean, that's a given. That's not my question.
My question is, I don't know if anyone's ever tried it before, but would it be a clean break?
Could you do it in two?
I don't think that anyone- I don't even think Hulk Hogan and his prime could do that.
Maybe the power team could. Maybe the blessing of God's will.
I just thought about it, and I watched the Hulk Hogan sex tape, and he actually did do that. I take it back.
Brother, are you ready for my special move, brother?
Here it comes.
I'd rather not!
Hulkamania is about to run wild all over your butt and your vagina.
I'm gonna tear your butt and vagina in half, brother.
Then there was a 48-hour manhunt.
Only one man could leave tracks like this.
It's just Hulk Hogan running naked through the woods.
Somebody call Tommy Lee Jones!
I didn't destroy that butt, Hulk Hogan, sir.
I'm pretty sure you did.
We actually have a sex tape of you doing it.
I'm Hulk Hogan destroying this butt.
You have butt blood all over your hands.
Sir, Andre the Giant is dead. There's nobody else.
Have you guys seen that Hulk Hogan Andre the Giant sex tape?
Oh my God.
Both of them in a test for dominance trying to tear the other one's butt.
It's like the opening scene in Melancholia where the two planets collide.
That's basically what we're talking about.
It's like the last scene in Over the Top.
Except it's under the bottom.
Oh man.
Can we be done?
Hulk Hogan, it feels so good.
I didn't think I would like the way it feels inside, but I do in fact like the way it feels.
I'm gonna call me new Hulk Hogan!
What the hell is that impression?
That's what Andre the Giant sounds like mid-coitus, of course.
Because it sounds like the baby of Andre the Giant Sylvester Stallone.
If you tear my butt in half, then I do not think I will laugh.
Anybody want a penis?
Hulk Hogan, perhaps you?
Should we make a bet?
I have four gallons of what in my room?
I have a bag of 30 hamburgers.
I have that giant armchair Gallagher used to use.
I have a bicycle built for two.
It is just mine.
I'm gonna snap into some butt cheeks.
What are you doing?
Get out of here.
Randy, watch me.
Nobody wants you here.
Nobody wants to tear your butt in half.
We're getting tender.
Get out of here.
Oh yeah, I have a lance.
Tear my butt in half.
Get out of here, Randy.
Please.
Randy, please.
Unless.
Unless.
She's trying to set you up as like, can't fuck this.
You know what I mean?
Oh, she's putting her on a pedestal preemptively.
This is what I'm saying.
It's not what I'm saying though, because it's the dumbest.
No, say it.
Get it out there.
If you say that this person doesn't have sexual, then the person, if the person is the right
kind of person, or by which I mean the wrongest person ever, they might say, well, I can get
some sexual in there.
I bet.
Let me see.
I bet I can.
Let me.
You haven't seen what I do in there.
Let me find out.
Up and around it.
Let me find out.
Maybe you're just Dansexual.
Hold on.
Let Dan find out what's going on in there.
Maybe this whole time you've been Dansexual.
Might I suggest Dan?
Hey, don't be Danphobic.
This is...
Let me break you off some Dan.
Just real quick.
Just the taste of the flavor.
You know what they say.
Once you go Dan, hey, did you try the flan?
Because Dan makes flan for you after he makes love to you.
Dan's the flan man.
Don't even worry about it.
That's basically Dan's calling card.
If you smell flan, you know Dan's been fucking.
Do you want to fuck Dan and eat some flan?
Oh, what's that?
You don't like flan?
I understand.
The weirdest Dr. Seuss book ever.
Dan the man with the flan plan.
Fucking.
Dan's about two things.
Fucking and eating flan.
On his deathbed.
And we're all out of flan.
On his deathbed, Dr. Seuss handed that book to his publisher.
Dr. Seuss is like, listen, I know I told you that I didn't have any more books.
I said I was out the game, but wait till you hear my new shit.
I know I've been battling with mild dementia, but I believe this is my magnum opus.
That bitch is fine.
Let me know what you think.
It's like that scene in Proof.
It's from the notebook.
This is just pictures of a guy fucking some flan.
He had so many characters, Dan the flan fucking man.
What do you think?
What do you think, Seuss Incorporated?
Can I get another hit?
No.
We are already building the ride at Universal.
We're gonna have to edit this more than the original story for Hop on Pop.
You're on fire today.
I know.
Absolutely.
Just keep passing him the rock.
I think the in memoriam was kind of lame this year.
You guys think so?
I don't know who died.
Not a lot of like good people died.
A lot of beast rangers.
A lot of beast rangers.
A lot of cinematographers.
A lot of, you know.
Can we all just agree to make a commitment to have more awesome people die this year?
Can we get some good people to die this year?
Listen, I'm not saying anything wink nudge, but I'm just saying I'd like a really blockbuster in memoriam this year.
We could talk to them about adding people that haven't died yet.
How fucking crazy would that be?
Fucking Mickey Rourke up on the screen like in the audience.
And then cut to Mickey Rourke going, what? No.
No, I'm here.
Can't you see me?
Can't anyone see me?
The whole night's about trying to convince Mickey Rourke that he's a ghost.
I'd watch those Oscars.
They're happening to me.
And then like the only person that can see him is Bruce Willis and he just shits his pants.
By the end of the night, James Cameron's like, thank you for this Oscar for Avatar 2.
And he's jumping up and down behind him, waving his hands.
Can't you see me?
Please, someone, if you can see me, call.
Call somebody.
I'm not ready to go.
I'm not ready to go yet.
I have so much left to do.
At least turn me into a snowman like in Jack Frost.
I need to tell my son I love him.
Like the documentary Jack Frost that I saw.
Please, if anyone knows a voodoo priestess, please.
I promise to be a good Jack Frost, not like the killer kind, the killer one Jack Frost movie.
Snowman killer, good snowman.
Hey, folks, thanks for listening to our best of episodes.
It's been a few years since we've done one of these, but we weren't able to record last week.
So we hope you're enjoying the golden days back when we all had the loudest air conditioners in existence.
I'm guessing that air conditioner technology was not quite as advanced as it is now with our whisper quiet, you know, super coolers and stuff.
But anyway, I'm not here to complain about audio quality.
I am.
A little bit.
I'm also here to tell you about our sponsors this week.
Like Away.
Everything is super shitty right now, but you know what's not shitty?
Away's line of rugged and powerful and sleek stylish suitcases and rollaways and bags and other jams like that.
It says here, Away has asked me to speak about travel that I'm excited about in the future.
To which I would reply, any travel, all travel.
I have obviously not not doing a lot of flying these days, but sometimes I'll pack up my Away suitcase and carry it up the stairs and take it into the upstairs bathroom.
And I don't need a lot of stuff while I'm in there, but it just feels good to do a make believe pretend voyage.
But they offer a wide array of suitcases and other stuff made from a variety of different materials like polycarbonate, aluminum and durable nylon.
And do they have many colors and sizes?
Yes, they do.
I have a big sort of gray one.
I have a sort of medium sized green one.
Together they they fill all my family's needs.
Do they have four 360 degree spinner wheels?
Yes.
Do those help it roll very smoothly?
Yes, of course they do.
You can shop Away's selection of suitcases and bags at awaytravel.com slash my brother and give someone something to look forward to this holiday season.
That's awaytravel.com slash my brother.
Hey, with the holidays coming up, you know what everybody could probably use a nice pair of?
Not mittens.
Throw your mittens in the fucking toilet.
I'm talking about Raycon earbuds.
These little doodads are comfy and cozy.
They plop right into your ear.
They got a great sound.
It's got a deep, deep, rich bassy tones.
It's got anything that you could ask for to get a pleasant sort of sonorous experience.
They have seamless Bluetooth pairing and a comfortable noise isolating fit.
And you can start listening to them right out of the box.
There's no, you know, BS setup process.
You just plop them in and you can keep listening for hours.
You can use them for calls or music or work or play or at home or on the go.
It's the gift that keeps on giving.
And it's a great gift this holiday season because it's something someone's going to use.
Who wants it?
Don't give them that doily.
Oh, no one wants that candle.
They want Raycon earbuds.
And also, the best part, they're not wicked super expensive like other wireless earbuds.
On top of Raycon's everyday great prices, they're offering our listeners 15% off right now.
Go to buyraycon.com slash my brother today to get 15% off your Raycon order.
That's buyraycon.com slash my brother.
Buyraycon.com slash my brother.
Enjoy the rest of the episode.
Bye.
Video games.
Video games.
Video games.
You like them?
Maybe you wish you had more time for them.
Maybe you want to know the best ones to play.
Maybe you want to know what happens to Mario when he dies.
In that case, you should check out TripleClick.
It's a podcast about video games.
A podcast about video games?
But I don't have time for that.
Sure you do.
Once a week, kick back as three video game experts give you everything from critical
takes on the hottest new releases.
To scoops, interviews, and explanations about how video games work.
To fascinating and sometimes weird stories about the games we love.
TripleClick is hosted by me, Kirk Hamilton.
Me, Jason Schreier.
And me, Maddie Myers.
You can find TripleClick wherever you get your podcasts and listen at MaximumFun.org.
Bye.
Can we just stop it?
It's really fucking silly.
Like completely made up bullshit?
Stop it?
Is that what you mean?
It really rams home the fact that time itself and our measurement of it is absolute horseshit.
Not just time, right?
All measurements.
All measurements are made up.
It's money fucking, it's a, you know, oh man, the man, right?
Like business and politics and like Wall Street's not looking out for me.
And my bank?
No thank you.
My bank.
I don't want it.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like savings and loans.
Yeah, right.
Exactly.
The government man.
I don't know what's going on.
The government man is taking your time away and he eats it.
Is this Obama's fault?
Is Obama hoarding my time?
Do you know where that hour you lose goes?
Where?
It goes straight to the 1%.
And they go out on a yacht and they spend all the poor people time.
That's like that Justin Timberlake movie where they have the time in their arm and when it
runs out they die.
Where they keep looking at their watches.
Uh-huh.
And then Justin Timberlake is like, I'm going to instill a change in this unfair world.
And he does it with the power of his song and dance.
No, you haven't seen it have you?
I did not see the film.
Did not what?
It's called Time to Sing and Dance.
Can we not kickstart a horse?
Guys.
Are you saying that?
Guys.
No.
Guys.
We've talked about revving up the engine.
We've got to get out of here.
And that's the sound of it idling.
Jon Bon Jovi.
I'm not making a shitty metaphor between a horse and a motorcycle.
What I'm saying to you is.
Wait, he wasn't riding an actual steel horse?
Oh my God.
That would make it the fucking best song.
On my cybernetic horse.
I ride the wastelands of my katana.
With my vibra sword.
And my emerald visor.
I smoke a pack of nano stems.
Oh my God.
I love that.
Oh Jon.
Somebody write that baby.
I've seen a million faces.
And I process them for fuel for my metal horse.
I'm a cowboy.
I sell water at a great profit.
The land is not a myth.
This Yahoo was sent in by two different people.
One of whom was Jacob Blocker.
One of whom was Jack Howard.
I don't know how it happened.
It's a mystical occurrence.
Are they working together?
I think that they fucking work together.
Except they were sent like days apart.
So they probably found it together.
And then Jack was like.
Yeah, let's wait until Tuesday to send this in.
And then he fucking got the jump on it on Saturday.
Anyway, thank you both.
It's by Yahoo Institute's user, Manuel, who asks.
Is it okay to eat in the bathroom at McDonald's?
Hi.
Hello.
How are you?
Whenever I go to McDonald's, I always eat in the bathroom.
I've been doing this for five years now without a problem.
I think that saying without a problem is very generous.
Well, yeah, let's break that term down.
Like the fucking McDonald's bouncer is not going to kick the door and be like.
I've been following your trail for five years.
It goes straight from the fucking cash register to the bathroom.
So it was not a very difficult trail to follow.
You've got to think, though, that if he's been going to the same McDonald's.
That the cashiers are starting to talk.
Oh, I hope he's not going to the same.
I hope nobody's going to the same McDonald's.
Except for that dude in Super Size Me.
Oh, new guy.
Don't worry.
That's just Bathroom Steve.
He's in Super Size Me.
He's like, I ate five thousand Big Macs.
I eat six a day.
And it's like, that's great.
But like, can you do them at different McDonald's?
So they're not like, oh, here comes Big Mac Mac.
Because his name's Mac.
His name is also Mac.
His name is also Mac.
Can you?
And it's like, why wouldn't you just call him Big Mac?
If that's the case.
Can you imagine?
Because he was actually very thin, if I remember correctly.
He was a thin man.
You're on a road trip.
You park.
You pull into a McDonald's.
You run.
You make a rush for the bathroom.
You're promising yourself that you'll go back and buy a Hi-C or something.
You go to the bathroom.
You open the stall door.
And there's just this guy hunched over jamming chicken strips into his mouth.
Occupied.
Occupied.
Occupado, my good man.
Occupado flavor.
Is he voiding, though, while he eats, is the question.
I should hope not.
Is this?
Have we ever told a corncob story?
I feel like we have to have told a corncob story.
Because it's the best thing that's ever happened.
To my knowledge, we have not.
The perfect diagram of efficiency that is the corncob story.
The corncob story is we were at a trailer park.
Trailer park campground.
We were staying there with our cousins or uncles.
I think it was Tim and Tom, right?
So we were staying there.
And we were walking the grounds.
Seeing the sights.
Checking out.
Scoping some whinnies.
And we went to the bathroom.
And it was one of those deplorable kinds of bathrooms with no doors on the stalls.
So like those technically aren't even.
Which are not bathrooms.
In my opinion, they're not bathrooms.
They're not bathrooms.
They're risky water fountains, as far as I'm concerned.
They're little public jails.
And we walked in.
And I was walking, you know, just checking to see if maybe one of these fucking stalls had a door on it.
Because it's 1999.
And we're living in a civilized goddamn world.
Walked by one stall.
And I didn't look long.
Because it's like I guess a crime.
But there was a little kid.
And he's sitting there taking a poop.
And while he was taking a poop, he was also eating some corn on the cob.
He was eating his corn on the cob while voiding.
And I walked out and made a hand gesture.
I forget who was with me.
I made a hand gesture like a fucking SWAT team.
Like I can't talk.
I'm about to lose my fucking mind laughing.
You need to go walk eight feet in that direction.
And look westward.
Turn your eyes westward towards Corncob Boy.
And then we'll talk.
I did a little loop with my finger to say we will do some recon later on this.
We will get together and discuss it in a group.
Not now though.
Not now.
Not now.
I need your total silence.
I need you to walk there.
I need it to be very clear that I did not say hey go check out this kid with no pants on.
You have to keep it totally cash.
You gotta keep it cash.
Turn.
Oh.
Excuse me.
Say like excuse me.
Or how's that corn?
Pretty good I bet.
Since you couldn't fucking tear yourself away from it.
Couldn't leave it on the picnic table.
Go void.
Go evacuate and then return to your biz.
There was a moment in this kid's life where he was eating corn.
Realized he needed to use the bathroom and thought well I can't leave this here.
I get it.
I mean he buttered it.
And once you butter it it's like that's your day.
Yeah.
That's your day until it's done.
That's your day.
Have you ever thought about it from this kid's point of view?
That maybe like Griffin's acknowledgement of him and like just the look on Griffin's face.
Changed this kid's life.
Turned his life around.
He grew up Steve Jobs.
He grew up super fast.
He grew up Steve Jobs.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Reed.
Thank you Reed.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Miomi who asks well I quitted karate is that a good decision?
Trainings are hard my bro told me to quit.
Oh Jesus.
Trainings are hard.
My bro told me to quit because I didn't want to attend karate so I quitted.
My parents don't.
Hey did you.
Were you found guilty for karate?
No I was acquitted.
My parents don't want me to quit because they wanted me to protect myself when I grow older.
So is it a good or bad decision to quit?
Do you guys know anybody who did karate coming up?
Yes I do.
I knew one.
Chris Sizemore.
Derek Moore.
But like here's the thing I feel like there was a mythos around karate or all forms of
kung fu and there still is which is I'm learning it for self-defense.
I don't think that situation has ever unfolded organically in the history of pugilism.
I think that somebody who has dedicated 20 years of their life to mastering kung fu and
they get in one bar fight they in that bar fight in that moment that primal moment of
punch they do not go what did my sensei teach me.
See I disagree because I think in the moment of punch it probably comes up but like in
the dark alley where dude like pulls a gun you're probably not thinking like I'm
gonna cry.
Well no because you're not gonna fucking like throw a ball of chi at him like that's
obviously not gonna work.
Oh have you guys seen that thing though?
We totally do that.
But when you're careening towards that drunk truck driver you're not gonna kung fu his
car out of the way Travis.
When this when the fucking sun explodes and we experience the heat death of the universe
you're not gonna fucking kick your way out of that one.
Can I tell you the funny thing is though as soon as someone says like self-defense I'm
taking it for self-defense that is what I picture like fighting off.
I'm 95 years old and this coronary is about to get me but let me just chop it.
Done.
Fixed it.
Got it with a chop.
90 years of kung fu paid off.
People say they do it to defend themselves and if you really pound that math out it
is a bad investment no matter which way it breaks.
Inconceivable.
In this situation in this situation that you're that you're envisioning you're in mano
a mano combat hand-to-hand no weapons allowed because make no mistake my friend if you
have karate and he has insert sharp thing here you lose.
You lose.
It's over you get stabbed.
That's why that's why fucking knives and swords and guns were invented is because
people like this fuckhole on yahoo is like karate is too hard I wish there was a substitute.
Oh you're telling me this knife is worth a hundred billion years of karate okay I'll
just take that then it's way easier.
I uh I think that the the the the the big problem with with karate is I don't have an
end of the sentence.
Krav Magra now that's some shit that's some shit I can Krav Magra or Tim McGraw welcome
to Tom welcome to Tim McGraw's Krav Magra I'm gonna teach you how to tumble how to throw
somebody use their weight against him and not get your head knocked off welcome to Tom
McGraw's Tim McGraw Krav Magra hi I'm Tom McGraw people tell me I look like Tim McGraw
but that's just because my name sounds the same who wants to learn how to tussle my brother
Tim McGraw taught me his fighting style of Krav Magra that he invented it was not I miss
him every day I miss him so much I miss him he died in a Krav Magra accident I've been
pretending to be him for the last 20 years have you had sex with Faith Hill no well come
on let's Krav Magra everybody do in the Krav Magra crawl I don't think that was Tim McGraw
I don't think that was Tim McGraw everybody Krav Magra like you were dying let's go that
one that one works thank you don't take the Krav Magra lessons from my brother Tom don't
take his shit don't take his shit Krav Magra him can anyone give me an I like it I love
it I like it I love it I chopped that guy's arm off take a chance okay let me tell you
guys the story of the Terminator I will start from the beginning Sarah Sarah and her son
John John her son John Sarah Connor is pregnant with a baby and Arnold Schwarzenegger is a
robot a series 800 Terminator is he a dad what no sorry is he sorry is he the dad no
he's a robot so so robots can't sorry sorry to keep interrupting you Justin baby half
robot well I've seen Bicentennial Man okay and robots can like come and they can like
create babies just like a normal person okay let me start again and this time I will replace
the Terminator with Robin Williams robotic character from Bicentennial Man oh this is
gonna be so much fun okay so Bicentennial Man as portrayed by Robin Williams travels
is in a war in our future is in a war with humanity okay robots versus humans right does
he have his skin and stuff yet or is he still like the creepy servo at this point he has
skin okay so we're close to the end of the movie we're close to the end of the movie
it's in our future but he's about to go to the beginning of the movie which is our past
so back when he didn't have when he had just when he was just metal John Connor is leading
humanity's revolt against robots this is the baby like the baby is doing this yes yes
a baby from inside the womb fully grown John Connor is humanity's revolt against the robots
okay so the robots like this is going bad I don't think we're gonna win this one and
they're like well bullshit first off well this is the thing the robots never give up
okay here's the thing I don't see the robot sitting around a table like listen guys we're
blowing it listen guys I put a lot of thought into this and we had a good run in my guy
this is what happens so listen so they make a bunch of robots that look like Arnold Schwarzenegger
and now Arnold Schwarzenegger is it is a t800 but he's the 101 model so like his series
is like his robotic abilities and that 101 refers to like his flesh covering which all
look like Arnold Schwarzenegger so they sent him back in the past to kill John Connor's
mom which seems harsh it seems harsh t2 Terminator 2 and that's right that's the end of the
movie they send him back and say good luck and the movie is like thanks I'll do what
I can't and bum bum bum bum so then okay so then t2 they tried again with a robot made
of liquid but by this point the humans have their own Arnold Schwarzenegger and they sent
him back to protect him from that and that's John Connor's dad that's debatable is John
Connor's his own dad oh I saw the scene in the original t t1 uh-huh where um Arnold Schwarzenegger
goes that woman's door is like are you Sarah Connor and she was like yes let me take out
my chewing gum she was I said are you Sarah Connor yes I am and then he's like oh sorry
are you the Sarah Connor that specifically the one that does has a baby and the baby
and are you pregnant right now with a baby that just like feels like a like a few apocalyptic
leader of men and she's like no that's not I'm like I'm like 60 years old it's clearly
not me and he's like okay I apologize for the mistake have a nice day I love what you
I love the tasteful the hedges in your yard they're good while I'm here do you know any
other Sarah Connors that maybe you have like a daughter you're named after yourself did
you name a daughter after yourself by the way I have good news about robot Jesus he's
a new he's a new Jesus that I'm just gonna leave some pamphlets and a hundred years or
so it's really gone as it's just sweep the nation you could get on board super early
with robot Jesus I could I could leave you a few excerpts from the cyber that's a size
that's a cyber Bible that robot Jesus wrote for you from the future no okay let's not
try I'm gonna go his uh his oil will wash your heart clean if you want that that was
a fucking super super good impression we all did if we had a fourth brother he would be
indistinguishable from all sportsmaker because of diminishing returns and statistics you
know a lot of people don't know this but doing a doing an Arnold Schwarzenegger impression
is really easy just lower your voice slightly and mumble and apparently the only hard part
is fighting the temptation to say anybody want a peanut definitely it is your same I
just have an impression of a big man do you Jesse Ventura Oh hello I'm also a governor
so Griff just side note should we make like a bunch of loud noise so it's easier to find
the edit mark for when you cut out that giant section where we talk about Terminator now
do you guys like huge dildos to give me some sort of metric because that could mean like
my definition of what a huge dildo is is probably different than what yours is if it looks like
something that the eye of Sauron would appear above like that's the kind of thing I'm talking
about like I actually prefer a lot of really small dildos is that better for you and it's
just cuter it's fun it's like a couple pins on a desk you know in that one scene in Fantasia
where Mickey Mouse chops up the broom and it becomes a bunch of brooms it's like that
but with dildos do they sell that on extreme restraints do they sell do they sell a young
man's fancy on extreme restraints can you buy that can I buy my innocence back on I
want to tell you guys about one very special dildo to me this is the annihilator X X and
you guessed it X L dildo this thing extra access for excellence this man looks like
he is cradling a poodle a black shiny poodle in front of his crotch is 18 inches long Christ
nine pounds fuck how do you even how do you fucking operate that you got to have a trusted
friend you have to have accomplished for this bill bow or running start either way I guess
yeah I don't really understand let me let me zip on out of the comments and see the
comments are all just like no no no no I love how flexible this one is and I love taking
it all the way to the base I felt like I would explode now folks when you are leaving a product
review on extremistrace.com it is so important to make sure it doesn't sound like you're
bragging and this one seems very braggy to me it's like a backdoor brag I couldn't see
my good though that was my husband many years ago suggested a threesome with his very well
endowed best friend my husband's small only six inches long oh so he's still into threesomes
I guess and anyway my husband a few years ago bought me this and OMG it's huge and intense
I was lucky I have sex a lot but with a very big cock but this OMG it's on a different
level and so am I I am addicted to feeling stretched Justin is no longer reading review
he is just he's just letting his forming thoughts just forming thoughts in his brain and using
his mouth to express them I actually love the power move of telling your wife you're
gonna have a threesome with with your well endowed friend your well endowed friend gets
out his wiener and then he turns his back for just a second and that's when you whip
out the annihilator XXXL it really kills the appeal of Greg it also kills it also kills
the person that it plunges into is there are there any reviews like I am typing this as
I'm using it for the first time and am now dead this period I'm hitting the period hitting
clicking the send button and dying they said annihilator and XXXL they were not at all
joking this is the loved ones we came home David had been shucked like a pistachio but
he sure did look happy thanks extreme he died with a smile on his face like a toddler ripping
apart a fruit roll up just split right in twain he was I was looking at the horses and
there's one that I wanted to point out to you specifically and it is my favorite name
of a horse that is running in the Kentucky Derby and here it is are you ready for it
yeah orb you know orb one I am orb orb one the Kentucky Derby well of course because
that he has the maximum amount of space the maximum efficiency of space used in a geographic
object well he also has the most streamlined name why everybody else has like those longs
like you know like a Stevens left shoe or something you know and this is just orb yeah
what if orb was what if that's what was a sentient yes lobe that insisted he was a horse
I am orb I am a horse like your horses you must admit me to the race I am more not horse
I am horse do not pay attention to how my horse legs don't touch the ground I'm a hub
I am a hover well well well well well well well well well well I am horse please please
into oats into my own deposit slot I am I am horse I am not an orb I am named orb provide
me one one metric cube of of sweet glycerin and I shall tell your fortune and also when
your primitive horse race also if you if you know of any jockeys I do need one please one
with preferably a long a really good wingspan I'm going to need because I'm spherical and
20 feet in diameter you might need to paint him with some kind of glue I must ironic I
know I must win your horse your earth earth horse race so I may make love to your earth
horse women did you guys say your names because mine's just an orb is a very sexual being
I come from the advanced future of 5024 everyone is a geometric shape and everyone loves to
party please find me a horse that I will not crush to death and make sure she's down make
sure she's down to clown with a sex ball because orb is also only about consensual
sex do people in the pokemon universe eat pokemon pokemon seem to be the only animals
around the world created by the show and games do the humans who live there eat pokemon considering
that they can all be caught and trained they obviously have some sort of intelligence so
would eating them be in violation of some sort of ethical code the only way around this
I suppose would be if everyone was vegetarian but I don't see much evidence to support
either side what do you think definitely ooh tricky tricky quandary tricky conundrum it's
hard to catch them all if you keep fucking getting high on your own supply so to speak
I feel like okay so practically speaking in the world of pokemon the battling and competition
of pokemon is a huge business I mean it's like the most important thing in their world
right yeah I mean it's on it's on tv it's on tv the highest thing you can world celebrities
the highest status you can hope to achieve is to be the the you know the master you know
what I mean like so the victor I I asked this because it seems like they would be too expensive
to eat like anytime you eat one it's like eating a show pony I guess but the supply
and demand is off there because you can just fucking walk in the grass and then there you
go yeah nobody's nobody's eating like mew but people are probably eating pidgey left
you're saying there's a hierarchy of edible pokemon and you're saying near the bottom
of that is a pidgey is a magic carp and then what's the mouse one retata retata but he's
probably in there oh I could go for a retata frittata right now it would be so good yum
yum definitely but you're saying everybody's probably eating slowpoke they're probably
eating snorlax because they're like herd animals sure snorlax is not snorlax is actually fairly
rare but I I understand what you're saying um god I ate my snorlax what if you just wander
up to the campfire and you see someone guiltily eating a snorlax and then you tell them like
no he was like really valuable there's like two of those in this whole game but at the
same time though you gotta keep in mind there's only one mewtwo you can catch right I bet
he is fucking delectable because because of the rarity of it that's the thing only the
super rich can afford to eat mewtwo now that's a tricky one because he's he can speak english
according to the first movie okay that gets weird oh no he speaks the king's english so
like that would be that would be uncomfortable unless you only ate just a little bit well
you could do like one leg at a time yeah precisely and then you could still have the pokemon
that would be an interesting twist because like i've reviewed pretty much every game
that has ever come out for that series and you know it's a little stale it needs something
to shake up the franchise what if you get your starter pokemon and you just eat it instantly
right in front of them right in front which one do i want which one do i want i'll take
the grass type let me get a little ranch can i have another one nope ah shit game over
into the game if your list of pokemon gets full and you want to catch another one you
have to eat it there's no storing it you store it in your belly and you convert it to calorie
energy and it's not just like a pop-up like you've eaten it like you have to actively
do it and if you if you press the buttons wrong it goes from like a smooth easy mercy
killing to like a botched really horrible experiment i think there needs to be some
recognition of the of the food chain of survival in the fittest because let's be honest if
you're out in the environment you've got all your pokemon are are knocked out except for
one and you fight like a fucking alligator and he kills your last pokemon you're not
just gonna fall asleep and wake up in a pokemon center you'll be killed you'll be devoured
ticket chance uh it's finally yahoo answer is hidden by ira ray thank you ira it's by
yahoo answers user aaron who asks what are some good songs against illuminati without
cussing i'm travis macaroy i'm griffin macaroy this has been my brother my brother me kiss
your dad
out
