The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Happy birthday to us. Happy birthday to us. Happy birthday, my brother, my brother, and me.
Happy birthday to us. It's the birthday episode. November 8th was the day we're recording on
November 10th, but I guess it's all of our birthdays on November 8th. Today we are all
birthdays. Gotta do this every year. Not just every year since you've been doing the podcast,
but like every year since I was fucking born, and I'm sorry. I don't know if you guys know how
fucking baby gestation works, but that shit was out of my control. Forgive me if I've mentioned
this before, but Gervin, have you looked into legally changing your birthday? You know, it's
funny you bring that up because Jay-Z I think just did that. Jay-Z just did a tweet last week
where he was like, yeah, my birthday's on Tuesday, but guess what? I'm having my party on Monday,
so now my birthday's on Monday. And I think if Jay-Z is allowed to do that, I don't understand
why I can't. Oh, my birthday cake's ready. Excuse me. Well, Travis is making a birthday cake for
himself, and he's just gonna leave the podcast. Nothing sad about that. That's just a normal,
regular thing folks do. That's just a normal thing that people do. Just folks. Gervin,
your birthday is April 17th. Right, that's what I'm saying. It's not like November 8th rolled
around. They're like, Gervin, time to come out. I was like, nah, I'm gonna lamp in here for like
six more months. I got a pretty good situation up in here. I just set up my broadband internet
access, so I'm gonna chill in the womb. I want to come out registered with social services.
I want to come out with some knuckle hair. 87's gonna be a way, way, way better year than 86,
so I'm just gonna chill in here. If you want to go ahead and get the paperwork going,
and then I can just like slide out into that shit, that would be actually pretty dope for me.
No, it is not Gervin's birthday, but it is my birthday. I turned 33. It's Jesus' year, everybody.
This is the year I do miracles. And it's my birthday. I turned 30, so this is the beginning
of my teaching. I have 30 to 33. Yeah, your teaching begins now. I gotta get up on that old
rug cross. Important question, Travis, and I think I've posted this to you before,
but is it dirty or flirty? You know, it's gonna have to be dirty 30, in which I forego all hygiene.
Okay. Trav, do you feel, I don't know if you've postulated on this at all, but that's not the
right word. Meditated on this. Ruminated. Postulized. Ruminated. Postulized. Meticulated.
Do you feel weirdly younger at 30 than you did at 29? I do, and here's why.
I have now gone from being the oldest 20-year-old in the group to being the youngest 30-year-old
in the group. You know what I mean? So it's like I've entered a new chamber,
and now I'm at the beginning of a different line. I guess externally that makes sense,
but internally all your sperm is dying. Well, that's because of my hot pants.
I'm sorry, your what? My hot pants. I wear heated pants.
He's not giving those up for 30. Are they prescription?
Well, I got cold bottom, and so I have to wear electric pants.
Isn't that sort of like you're not gonna build an immunity to heat if you just keep-
Griffin, I'm 30 at this point. My body's not gonna start producing its own butt heat at this point.
I guess you've got a good point. This is My Brother, My Brother, Me.
It's an advice show for the modern era. Let's get into the advice.
Did we introduce ourselves by the way? I'm Justin McElroy. It's my birthday.
I'm Travis McElroy. It's my birthday. Griffin McElroy, it's not my birthday,
but you know what? I was born on Good Friday,
and I think that that is probably why I just decided to delay it.
Did you know that year, Good Friday, in 1987, they actually call it Great Friday?
Exactly. I was born. It's a little birthday joke I like to tell when it's not my birthday,
just to keep my spirits up. A couple of weeks ago,
I found a note inside my locker at school. It said, this is roughly translated from Norwegian,
been thinking about you a lot lately. Phone number. Call me. Heart shape.
Well, I thought someone put this in the wrong locker or something, so I ignored it.
How's your world view? That's your self-esteem, doc.
Pretty good, huh? Not good.
Today, on the 7th of November, I found another note in my locker,
which said almost exactly the same thing. My problem is that I'm quite paranoid over
stuff like this. I do not know how to respond. Please help, brothers.
That's from paranoid in Norway. I totally get it.
Absolutely right not to respond and be completely paranoid about the situation.
You're right. Most spies are Norwegian,
so if it's a spy thing you're worried about, then 100% right.
I think you have one of two things to be paranoid about, and one more so than the other.
One is that you have a young child vampirist who is trying to court and befriend you and
ultimately use you for all of your days for her sinister purposes.
And two is that it's some bullies and they're trying to entrap you into looking stupid.
But I'm assuming this is in Norway, though,
and so I think the vampire ass is probably a bit more likely.
Dark for a super long time over there.
Well, it's also possible that it's just like a really weird person.
Yeah, but that seems unfunny.
What if I think it might be a griff? It smells like a griff to me.
This has like-
You think like long con?
I'm thinking full griff. It feels like the beginning of a griff.
If they were like, I love it when you bring that briefcase full of money that you always
carry with you. I hope you'll do that tomorrow.
That's why it's a long con. You start really early and say, hey, seventh grader,
I really like it when you leave a nickel every day underneath this rock, right?
Because then you've got them for like 65 years.
That is a long con.
A lot of nickels.
Maybe this is the next evolution of the I'm a Nigerian prince and I need $10,000 to secure
the six million and I'll totally send you like 5.5 of that.
Maybe they're decreasing their scope and scale a little bit.
They're scaling and scoping it down just a bit and then they're going after our youths.
And they're also lowering their expectation of the reward.
And it's like instead of like $10,000, you know, blah, blah, blah, they just say,
I really like the new Kings of Leon CD.
And then they get a Kings of Leon CD?
They get a bunch of Kings of Leon CDs.
I don't think most people want one of those.
I think most people want a lot. They're a very talented band.
I don't enjoy their new stuff as much as youth and young manhood, but it's pretty okay.
I feel like if someone's not going to leave a name or any sort of identifying features
to this, I feel-
They're trying to fuck you.
They're trying to fuck you and not in like-
With a capital F?
The sex way.
Yeah, this is bad news.
I'd just throw it away, ignore it.
Is it?
Okay, wait, let me throw this out though.
Counterpoint.
Devil's advocate.
Vampiros' advocate.
Yeah.
It sounds like Question Asker is a very shy, like low self-esteem person.
So what if the person who's leaving this note is just another shy, low self-esteem person?
I mean, I guess-
It's so unactionable.
It doesn't seem worth putting your cycles in it, unless you're willing.
What if you're willing to do a sting?
What if you're willing to-
Leave the police.
Park your car outside your locker-
And then do a solo career.
In a discreet, no, not a Gordon Sumner.
A sting where you park your car outside your locker in a discreet place,
and keep the headlights off and stuff, and just have a bunch of-
I think they usually have a bunch of fast food wrappers in there and binoculars,
and you just wait until-
Martin Sheen falls from the roof of the building that you're parked outside next to,
and splatters all over the ground like in Departed.
That is actually how 90% of sting operations end.
It's also important that there's another pair of people that come and relieve you
after I think it's like 10 or 12 hours,
and you guys share some clips about how nothing happened,
and then moments after they start their shift, something goes down.
Martin Sheen falls from the roof.
That's why he put Martin Sheen pushed-
It's such a bad gig that Martin Sheen ended up with falling out of windows, predominantly.
I mean, at least-
How was your shift?
Oh, it's just fucking raining Martins and Sheens out here.
But not Martin Sheen.
There's been lots of Martin Smiths and lots of Steven Sheens.
That's why Emilio Estevez changed his name,
because he didn't want into the family business of falling out of windows.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm too busy.
So one day this whole racket's going to be yours.
You know, and Charlie Sheen's gotten really good at falling from high places.
What's up?
Oh, that was terrible, Travis.
You know what?
I'm actually going to switch my recommendation.
Go ahead and give this number a call, because you miss it.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take,
even if those shots will get you killed in an alley.
You guys want Yahoo?
This Yahoo was sent in by Ben Noteboom.
Thanks, Ben.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Eric, who asks,
How do I go about destroying a cursed item?
My sister is an atheist, and she has a Wiccan friend.
Her friend gave my sister a stone that she apparently hexed,
so that my sister would have better focus.
That's not a hex.
That's a blessing.
Go on.
Anyways, I want to destroy the stone because it was hexed using evil spirits,
but I do not want to release anything into my life or my family's lives.
How would I go about doing that?
This is just coming from such a place of ignorance.
Is it?
Because it's clearly not evil spirits, because it's a blessing.
You know, you see it every day where people are like,
I've been given a totem to protect me.
And everyone's like, oh, black magic.
I'm like, no, that's pretty white magic.
That's like as white as you get, you guys.
Right, but I mean, there's still a spirit occupying.
There's a spirit that's just like, hey, Martha, listen,
you've been on Facebook long enough.
You need to do your homework.
This Latin's not going to worm its way into your brain without some effort.
You got to work for it.
Well, so then you say, I'm afraid of destroying the item
and releasing the nerdy spirit out into the world.
What if you, I mean, destroying it seems fine.
I think if it was up to me, I would probably destroy it.
But like, make sure it was in a ring of salt.
That seems to be a popular.
Right, but then what is, you just have this fucking salt ring
that you can't, you can't like.
No, you do it at a friend's house.
All right, but then they have this salt prison.
And as soon as like, I don't know if the cat gets in it,
that buy cat, like that cat's done.
I think you should ignore the curse part of it.
And instead start asking the question, how do I destroy a stone?
Cause I don't know the answer to that.
I think if you, if you have any cursed items, stone or otherwise,
I think you can just drop it off at the little exchange box
that they have at Best Buy, you know, in the front
where like you're supposed to put your printer cartridges
and like cell phone batteries.
I think they actually do have a slot for cursed items.
But don't put it in there if they're out of the little baggies.
Oh yeah, that's just common courtesy.
I think the Geek Squad will be able to take care of that for you.
And maybe they can install Windows on your,
on your Windows PC for like $800.
That does explain why the last time I was at Best Buy,
I saw someone on the Geek Squad biting the head off a chicken
and dumping its blood into a ring of stones.
Oh no, that's to fix a virus on a Mac.
And then charging $800 to put Windows on your PC.
To literally put a disk in a disk drive
and then press the go button on Windows.
There's a big button that says, go for Windows?
Yes or no?
And if you click no, it's like, are you sure?
Cause like you bought the Windows already
and this is a Windows computer.
We can just do this for you cause it's like a CD.
$800 service.
Thanks Geek Squad.
Couldn't have done it without you.
Don't know what I'd do without you in my life.
Which one of you is a secret agent?
You have to tell me legally.
Which one of you has the intersect in your head?
You have to tell me.
You have to tell me by law or else it's entrapment.
Why can't your sisters pound on some ginkgo?
Yeah, that could work.
I don't think ginkgo biloba's got like evil spirits in it, natively.
I bet you, I mean the damage is done.
They have the cursed item now.
Am I crazy to say that like if his sister's an atheist,
doesn't that mean she doesn't believe in like curses
and blessings and hexes and spirits and shit?
Yeah.
I mean like by definition as an atheist.
You don't have to believe in ghosts to have sex with one.
You know what I mean?
I mean, that's true.
You don't have to believe in a ghost
in order to have it be having sex with you.
Yeah, I don't believe in guns, but I still don't want one in my house.
You don't agree with guns.
You believe that guns exist.
Okay, you're getting into the semantics here.
You may not believe in guns,
but you can still definitely be shot to death by one is what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
I think we're all on the same page.
I don't know why we're arguing.
Yeah, you're right Griffin.
This is silly.
Let's move on to another question.
I've recently been meeting a lot of new people
and you guys ever forget you have a coffee
and then it just like, oh, I feel tired.
And then you remember that you made a coffee before the show.
Yeah, what's even worse is when you've just gotten in your car
and driven like two blocks away from your house
and going, shit, I poured a cup of coffee.
I made that coffee.
I hate it when you forget that you're in the middle of reading a question
on a widely syndicated comedy podcast
and instead just talk about something else.
You ever notice?
By the way, I'm 33, Griffin.
This is the beginning.
From here, it's all downhill.
It's all like, you know what I like, vanilla tootsie rolls.
That's the phase of this show we're going into.
I watched CBS Sunday Morning this morning,
which I really shouldn't do
because more often than not, it makes me angry.
They had an opinion section that was delivered
by contributing editor Paula Poundstone
and it made me want to eat a sword.
It made me want to stab a sword down through my stomach.
Is Paula Poundstone the new Andy Rooney?
Is that the thing?
I think that she experienced the quickening upon his death
and got on there like, I think Obamacare is going to work
because once YouTube didn't work and I got it to work,
Poundstone out!
It was like, that was three minutes of my life, Paula Poundstone.
I'm never getting that back.
I do love your bow tie though.
Man to that.
Anyway, I've been recently meeting a lot of new people
and in an attempt to make conversation,
they've been asking me, what's your story?
I have a hard time talking about myself sometimes.
So how am I supposed to respond to that question?
Do they really want a summary of my life up until this point?
What do I say when someone asks me that?
That's from Flustered in Philly.
What's your story?
The Hobbit, what's yours?
That seems weirdly, doesn't that seem weirdly antagonistic?
It's like something like a hard-boiled cop asks someone
in a movie like, what's your story?
What'd you show I toots?
Start singing Canary.
Start singing Canary.
Come clean, Maroney.
Do you think that that question is giving rise
in this generation?
Because traditionally what you would ask is,
what do you do for a living?
And that question has become this thorny bramble bush
to navigate with today's youths.
Because most youths, and by youths, I mean people my age,
we don't know what the fuck we're doing.
You know what I mean?
None of us know.
I feel like what's your story falls somewhere
between the weird question of either what's your deal,
which I feel is super antagonistic,
and you are, which is really aloof and elitist.
So what's your story is kind of right between those two,
and it makes you seem both kind of a dick
and kind of a douche at the same time.
But more importantly, dick douche, you can, it's-
Hi, dick douche, what's your story?
More importantly, though, if someone asks you,
and by you I mean the youths of my generation,
generation, what are we now, like delta?
If they ask you, they ask a delta,
like what's your story?
And you can say, I've been thinking about getting
into artisanal beekeeping.
You can't use that answer when somebody asks you
what you do for a living, because you don't do it yet.
You know what I mean?
I actually, I hate the what do you do for a living question,
because here's what I do.
I write about video games on the internet,
and I do a comedy podcast.
I do two comedy podcasts.
There is a very high probability that I am going to have
to explain as part of my job description
some core concepts to the person I'm talking to,
specifically their ages above 50.
Or even more insulting, you have to find a way to intimate
that yes, you earn a living wage doing this thing.
It's not some joke job, you know what I mean?
Sydney's grandfather until, I mean,
probably until we launched Polygon in the beginning of 2012,
still asked me when I was gonna get a job.
I mean, I fully, fully was employed
at several different locales at that point,
and still was curious when I was gonna get
into the working world.
But don't you think that that is like becoming,
especially for people our age and younger,
becoming like more of the norm and less of the exception?
Where it's like, oh, what do you do?
Like, oh, I work for an independent brewery.
So many, first of all, that's an awesome, awesome job,
a venerable craft.
Everybody, our whole world of Generation Delta
would be fixed in a second if everyone would get
on that micro tip, where he's like,
everybody needs to go learn some fucking skills.
And I listened to him.
I hear him on the Bill O'Reilly talk show, radio program.
And he's like, everybody needs to go out there
and learn how to plumb.
Because if you knew how to plumb,
you'd be fucking set for life.
And if we did that-
The motherfucker went before Congress.
Went before Congress, like, and he's like,
you motherfuckers learned to plumb.
Learned to plumb, you dumb shits.
Name any problem in politics, American politics right now,
that wouldn't be fixed if everybody knew a trade craft
that they could profit off of.
Like, everybody needs health insurance.
Like, if you knew how to plumb,
you'd be fucking making bank.
And you could just like pay
for whatever elective procedures you want or need.
And people ask you, what's your deal, plumber?
Booyah!
You know what I mean?
Like, it would be so easy.
I have an actual real world skill.
I can do a thing.
Oh, what's your deal?
I can do one thing.
Hey, man.
That's the best thing about my stupid job
is that I get to say I'm a carpenter.
I'm a carpenter.
And if I don't feel like saying theatrical carpenter-
Hey, I'm in a hurry.
Summarize yourself in a phrase if you can.
Oh, me?
I'm electrician.
Get out of here.
I'm done.
I'm done already with you.
I'm gonna bookmark you in my head, Chad, electrician.
Oh, that's Chad the electrician.
I need some work done and I have lots of money
and I need electric work done.
I'm gonna continue supporting him.
Now, here's the thing.
The other side of that, though,
is that when they go, okay, Travis, carpenter,
then later when they're like,
I have this table that needs fixed.
Oh, Travis is a carpenter.
The nice thing about telling someone
that you're a small batch barrel maker,
no one's ever gonna call you to come fix their barrels.
Yeah, I guess if you don't want money,
what are you talking about?
No, but I don't like freelance carpent.
I don't think carpent is the-
But I'm a carpenter.
I'm really more of an edutainer.
That's what I'm gonna start telling people.
Me, I'm an edutainment.
I like to cross the bridge between education
and entertainment as an edutainer.
That's what I do.
I feel like Jindel is entire, everybody I know.
Hi, Jindel, what's your story?
Everyone, every dick douche Jindel
is somehow in the business of online publishing.
Everybody in our fucking world,
except for the guy who comes and fixes my pipes
when they break, is in the business of online publishing.
And at a party when someone says,
what aspect of online publishing are you involved in?
You can't be like,
oh, I lead a creative consulting marketing.
So do you think when they're asking what's your story,
they're literally asking what story did you online publish?
Yes.
Oh, I did 10 best pictures of cats in mason jars.
Oh, I remember that.
Great work.
Hey, this guy did the cats in mason jars post.
That was great.
Oh, I love that.
You remember him?
He's got the really small, really, really sick cat
that's like super famous.
Is he around?
No bones.
No bone cat.
Oh, I remember no bones.
He's great.
I feel like the less you can tell someone the better.
Like, I think you should try to keep it close.
What's your story?
Classified.
No, I mean, give him something.
Say, I grew up in the hills.
Now I'm in the city just trying to make my way.
I dabble.
I dabble.
I grew up in the marshes and then I lived in the mountains
for a while and then the swamps and I'm just-
Spent a little time in the glen.
I'm just naming Magic the Gathering energy card types now.
That's what I do for a living.
I collect magic cards for a living.
There probably is somebody making a living doing that
and they have to explain that shit at parties.
Dude, give it up.
Give it up and learn how to like clean gutters or something.
This is what I'm saying.
I think we need an encyclopedia of non-offensive job titles
that are all like euphemism for what you do.
It's like, what do you do?
I've got a huge assortment of magic cards that I sell for a living.
What do you do?
I'm a trades collector.
You know, something that like doesn't make any sense
but when you say it, everybody goes, oh, okay.
And it's like, what do you do?
Oh, I make tiny models of World of Warcraft battlegrounds.
What do you do?
I'm a carpenter, right?
And then somebody, if they care to, can go look in the encyclopedia,
flip the card and go, well, they make models of World of Warcraft.
I don't think it says that in the encyclopedia though.
That was a crazy thing you just said.
That is maybe the most nonsensical thing you've ever said on this entire program.
It'll be a very Orwellian lifestyle
in which everybody is just assigned a bullshit term for the real ass job.
You're saying that we should boil our jobs down to the actual base mechanic.
Like I should tell people I'm a typist and talker.
At a party though and somebody says, what do you do?
And you say online publishing, their response is gonna be,
don't be an asshole.
Like we're all in online publishing.
Of course you are.
Of course you're in online publishing.
Who isn't?
Asshole.
I think that we have developed this reverse aristocracy
where look around your office right now and then try,
like look at anything and try and imagine with your brain
how that thing got made.
You can't, you fucking idiot.
You can't.
Someone else made it and they're laughing at you.
They're laughing at you because they don't know how to do shit
and they can introduce themselves really easily at parties.
I make lamps.
I'm a lampman.
My entire understanding of the built world is drawn from 99% invisible.
So what that means is that when I see an everyday object,
I still have no idea how it was made,
but I assume the person that created it was a beautiful soul
that could teach me about something about life.
Because that seems to be the way of things.
We have ugly, stupid, live journal souls.
And can I just throw this out?
We do not appreciate those beautiful souls enough.
Financially, I mean.
Monetarily, not enough appreciation.
They're doing fine though.
That's what Mike Rose is saying.
People can't make a living because there's three paid online publishing jobs
and there's approximately 5.5 billion people scrambling for them right now.
But you know what's up?
My toilet's been clogged for like two years because nobody knows
how to fucking deal with it anymore.
Your toilet's been clogged for two years?
That's what I'm saying.
It's rough and tumble down here in Austin.
Austin is the home of online publishing.
Everybody in Austin.
We don't have a government because people don't know how to govern.
They know how to write blogs about government.
Got a lot of HuffPo free contributors down here.
We don't have anybody with any public speaking skills.
It's a fucking mess.
We don't have cops.
We don't have cops that can enforce the laws that nobody's writing.
You just have people that post like top 10, 15 worst crimes.
Right.
They'll go to Boston and a cop will beat the shit out of them
and they'll record it and they'll put it up like, isn't this terrible?
Yeah, it's terrible.
I wish we had any cops in Austin.
My house hasn't been burgled because nobody learned how to pick a fucking lock.
Because nobody fucking knows how tumblers work.
They know how tumbler works.
Tumbler works but they don't know how tumblers work.
It's a fucking joke.
I'm quitting the podcast.
I'm quitting online publishing and I'm going to learn.
I'm going to go like fucking tan leather or something like that.
I'm going to fucking figure it out.
Can I just say how much I would watch that?
Not like as a show but just day to day.
Are you fucking saying?
I would just sit and watch you try to learn to tan leather.
You are, you're a part of the fucking problem Travis
because if I start tanning leather and then like someone starts doing a blog about it,
you're going to read the blog and you're not going to buy my leather goods
and then I'm going to die.
Griffin, I can build a goddamn chair from scratch.
I'll race you.
I'll make a chair entirely out of leather and you make a chair entirely out of wood
and we'll see which one sells on Etsy first.
And then I'll write a blog about it.
And then I'll write a blog about it.
It'll be like Julia and Julia.
Was that movie called Julia Julia?
Julie and Julia I believe.
I think it was called Julie versus Julia.
Battle Royale.
Another question you think?
Yes, I need to stop getting so worked up during this podcast.
I got a lot.
I got a lot of loss prevention professionals emailing us.
Listen, I'm not saying I wasn't.
I should clear this up.
I wasn't saying that everyone should shoplift all the time.
I was only saying I don't understand why everyone doesn't shoplift all the time.
That's a skill.
It is a victimless, crimeless crime.
Specifically, if you don't get caught.
If you don't get caught or even if you do, they can't do anything.
Someone was saying that there's a, what is it?
Shopkeepers privilege, which says that you are allowed to detain somebody
who you think has shoplifted.
And I say, good luck, sirs.
Somebody sent us an email though that was great
because it also reflected something that happened to me
when I worked at Best Buy and this dude worked at Best Buy.
And he said that they caught this kid shoplifting
and told him to wait for the cops and he did.
And he sat there for 30 minutes till the cops came
and they were like, yeah, the CDs are in his bag.
Cops break open his bag and inside his bag is a bag of cocaine,
a bag of marijuana, a loaded gun.
Oh my God.
And the CDs.
And the kid just fucking sat there and waited for a half an hour.
The kid's like, listen, if you're gonna arrest me for the shoplifting,
you can't arrest me for the drugs.
That's Double Jeopardy.
I know my rights.
I watched 15 minutes of Double Jeopardy on Starz.
I think I know the law.
I know my rights.
That was from James.
Thank you, James.
Thanks, James.
That happened to me once where a kid came in
and used a stolen credit card
and then he tried to return those items for money.
And that's when we got him
because the cops came after he used the credit card.
And so-
Wait, that's a crime?
Yeah, so he came in, bought the things,
the cops came in and were like,
hey, did somebody use a credit card to buy such and such and such?
I was like, oh yeah, he did
because he showed them to me on his way out.
And then the kid walked back in like five minutes later,
was like, you know, I don't need these.
Can I return them for cash?
And the cops and I are just like standing there and looking at him.
So the cops just grab him.
And then they're like, can we check your car?
And the kid's like, oh yeah, sure.
And his car's just full of stolen stuff.
I don't want to have to steal things.
And as such, I need some money for that.
Our friend Warby Parker is revolutionizing the world of iCare.
It's true.
Don't laugh.
I'm starting to think that Warby Parker is like Hulu Plus
in that like everybody already has it.
So it's like, it's like,
because I see everybody on Facebook like just got my Warby Parker's in.
And I know those people don't listen to our show.
I'm saying they're already worldwide.
And I don't know.
I think we're kind of a drop in the bucket here, but let's do our best.
Glasses shouldn't cost as much as an iPhone, guys.
I've been saying this forever.
Warby Parker from Warby Parker, our friend,
he'll sell you prescription glasses starting at $95.
That's including the lenses, including the lenses.
They got an anti-reflective coating and an anti-glare coating.
No cost to you.
Don't even worry about it.
That way if people glare at you, you can't see it.
You can't see it.
You can't glare back.
Buying glasses online is easy and risk-free.
Warby Parker, they got, okay.
So here's the best part.
They got a try on program.
What they do is they, you pick five pairs.
They ship them to you.
You try them all on at the same time.
And not the same.
You always say that and it makes it sound like you're like
inventing some sort of Dr. Seuss, like mega spectacles with 10 lenses.
You pull them all at the same time.
Then you can see through walls.
What's up?
Money well spent.
And then you send back the one that you don't want.
Keep the one that works for you.
And you get to keep them for five days.
You can show everybody.
Have a big party.
Have the worst party ever.
Make people look at your glasses.
Shortest party ever.
This one, this one, this one, this one, or this one.
This one?
Cool.
Bye guys.
Thanks for coming.
For every pair of glasses they sell, they distribute some to some people in need.
So that's $95 prescription polarized sunglasses from $150.
And so here's the deal.
You visit warbyparker.com slash my brother.
Choose your five home try on frames.
When you're ready, you enter the promo code my brother at your final checkout.
You order your prescription glasses, sunglasses, or reading glasses at warbyparker.com slash
my brother.
And when you use the promo code, it usually takes about 10 business days to get to you.
With the promo code, you're going to get them in three business days.
No big deal.
It's just great.
Oh, I'm hungry.
Oh, I'm so hungry.
I've never been this hungry before.
Man, that really took a turn.
Justin, do you want some salty?
Do you want some salty, crusty, sugar, sugar flogs?
Shove that junk in your urethra.
I'm not interested in it.
Ho ho's, no no's.
Twinkies, forget about it.
You want a big bowl of junkums?
Junkums?
Keepums.
That's what I say.
No, these are baked junkums.
No, that's junk.
What I need is-
With holestra.
A nature box.
I'm excited that Nature Box is a sponsor because I was actually into the Nature Box game
before they sponsored us and I was so excited to have them.
Here's what you do.
Let me give you the pitch.
You go to naturebox.com and you fill a box up with healthy snacks.
This is like really good stuff.
They got french toast, granola, salted caramel pretzel pops.
Those shits are out of control.
I just had like this mango puffed rice kind of bites.
Oh my god, they're insane.
Delicious.
And you can get them all in one box.
You get a new shipment every month.
If you want to choose your stuff, cool.
If not, they'll choose it for you.
And the shipping is free.
Fantastic.
And what's better is for being a listener of ours, okay?
You're going to be able to get your first box half off.
Oh, half off?
Are you kidding me?
Does that mean they only include half the food that you ordered?
No, it just means the box is cut in half and stuff falls out one end.
Yeah, that sounds shitty.
Why would we give this shitty promo to people?
This is a money thing.
Yeah, so you go to naturebox.com and use the promo code MYBROTHER.
That's promo code MYBROTHER and naturebox.com.
You're gonna get that first box half off.
It's really delicious stuff.
And they have a huge selection.
It's like, you know, they got salty stuff.
They got sweet stuff.
There's stuff that like individually wrapped bars.
And all of it comes in like resealable packages.
So like you can take it with you and like-
Are you into umami flavors?
They have that.
I got a message for Steven Yee.
Watch your fucking back.
Love, Naturebox.
No, Travis.
What's my message?
You're gonna open one of those nature boxes and it's gonna be full of anthrax bombs and vampire bats.
This message is for Steven Yee.
It's from the Archery Guild of Calamitous Intent.
Uh, what better gift can we get the man who has everything
than a personal message from your three favorite brothers?
A crossbow?
Perhaps.
A falcon?
Possibly.
But we figured this would be a fitting gift
after your impromptu live reading of the sexy Garfield fan fiction
at Mel and Rob's birthday dinner last year.
Happy birthday, Steve.
May your day be full of bacon.
Sounds to me like Steve ruined Rob and Mel's birthday
and this is the punishment instead of a crossbow.
I do not remember signing off on letting someone else read our shit out loud.
Hmm. I do not remember licensing out that materials.
You read it at Mel Brooks and Rob Dierdrich's birthday.
Their combined party.
Steve-o, uh, happy birthday and watch your fucking back.
Griffin, we got another message?
Yeah, uh, this one is for Bryn Boatman.
It's from Evan Smale, who says,
To my best friend.
You done it.
Happy 20th haunted birthday.
Try not to get too spooked on your big day.
Now something tells me this one was supposed to be Halloween themed
and that we have slipped up, um, just a little bit.
Let me try to alter it a little bit.
To my best friend.
You done done it.
Happy 20th, um, pilgrim birthday.
Try not to get too turquied on your big day.
Maze, cornucopia.
Happy 20th birthday birthday.
Try not to get too born on your big day
because then it's celebrating our birthdays.
I like that.
I'm Jesse Thorne.
Bullseye is all about discovering the good stuff in culture
that will do nothing less than change your life.
You know, I'd never heard anything like it before.
It'd be like seeing a new color,
which I guess is music's like biggest asset
is that you can hear new sounds.
I'll probably never see a new color.
I'll probably never experience like a new crazy taste,
but I'll hear new sounds constantly.
Culture picks, comedy, and in-depth interviews.
It's the good stuff and just the good stuff in popular culture.
Just the good stuff in popular culture every week on Bullseye.
Subscribe to iTunes or find it online at MaximumFun.org.
Farm wisdom.
Waw, waw, waw, waw.
Fah, ah, arm wisdom.
Get a dubstep in your two-step farm wisdom.
Oh shit.
Get right out of town.
I'd say that's one of the better ones you've done recently,
but recently your game's been super shitty
on the farm wisdom introduction.
Give me some farm wisdom.
Can I read this one?
Yes, please.
Male pigs that are going to be raised to be hogs,
a pig over 120 pounds, didn't know that,
so already learning shit from farm wisdom.
Male pigs that are going to be raised to be hogs,
a pig over 120 pounds, and eaten for meat
must be castrated.
If they aren't, the testosterone makes the meat taste disgusting.
It's called boar taint.
If you've ever eaten a wild hog
that tastes really gamey and shitty,
it's been tainted.
That's the craziest farm wisdom.
I, like, that changes my whole perspective on pigs.
It makes me feel bad for eating them,
I guess, kind of a bit.
Not very much because, like,
they're still goddamn delicious,
but, like, to think that they have to live
in terrible conditions and get they dicks cut off.
It's not a good life they lead.
Not a good life, not an especially-
It's not their dicks, it's just their balls.
They don't cut off their dick and balls.
I guess that's a good point.
I didn't think about that.
Maybe we should cut that one out
because it really is bringing me down.
You guys want a yahoo?
Absolutely.
Oh, God.
This one's going to be really tough to get through
because it's sort of like,
could God make an object that he couldn't move?
Sort of thing.
Like, one of those quandaries
that wraps in around it on itself
like an MC Escher painting.
Sent in by Spencer Lee Curtis.
Thanks, Spencer.
It's by yahoo answers user Melissa who asks,
My horse hates other horses.
My horse is gentle and sweet,
but his personality changes toward other horses.
I feel absolutely awful when my horse
tries to bite and scowl at horses walking by.
He's kicked two horses at the barn I board at
and people are starting to refer to him
as the crazy one.
I don't feel like there's much I can do to make him stop
other than negative reinforcement when it happens.
He's generally polite,
but turns into an ugly monster when faced with other horse.
Any ideas?
Thank you for reading.
You're welcome.
Is it possible that your horse is actually a bear?
And you're an idiot.
Oh, good question.
Is it possible this horse is a bear and you're an idiot?
Better question.
Is it possible that your horse thinks it's a bear?
Does not realize it's a horse.
Here's the only thing though.
I do not think kicking is a bear's game.
You know what I mean?
Oh, no.
It's important to note the horse thinks it's a bear,
but it's never been around other bears
or it knows nothing about bears.
Then why would it does what it thinks bears would do
in a given situation?
It heard the word bear once and it's like,
that sounds like something I could get into.
Well, because the owner kept riding at bear back
and it was like, oh, I get it.
So I've got a bear back.
This is a horse that has chosen to live its life whenever
possible as a bear.
It's a fuzzy and I think we should respect it.
Hold on.
You're saying you just dropped a lot of concepts on me.
Baby, that horse is born that way.
I need you to walk backwards.
That horse is born that way and I respect it.
You're saying that, okay,
you're saying that within the animal kingdom.
Okay.
You're saying that within the animal kingdom.
Take as slow as you need to.
I'll walk you through it.
This is, let's start just with the basic facts.
I guess this is a horse we're talking about.
Yeah, right.
The horse sees other genuses of animals in the animal kingdom
and it goes up to one of those genuses and makes a wish
and says, make me a bear.
I wish I was a bear because it's just seems like a pretty
cool lifestyle.
Like we've covered being,
being into the furry community is not all about sex.
Right.
So you're saying this horse,
I'm saying this horse wants to be a bear.
So it acts like it thinks a bear would.
It's important to know it's never come in contact with a bear.
So this is all conjecture on this horse.
Does it wear a surprisingly expensive bear suit?
Like a, like a Tanooki suit.
Yeah, it doesn't have money.
Griffin, don't be stupid.
Don't be an idiot.
Horses can't get checks.
What are you silly?
They can't.
That's an important part.
I can't.
Can I say that I'm a furry and then like show up to a furry con
wearing like a t-shirt and jeans?
Yes.
Furries are not about your bank account.
That's like, if you were, if you were a king,
you're still a king even if you're not wearing your crown
and your cape.
It's not about the accessories.
It's about what you have inside.
Thank you, Travis.
Yes.
Exactly what Travis said.
Okay.
So can, if this horse wanted to be a dolphin,
would he be a,
That would be a squeaky.
Okay.
Is there one for every different animal?
Or are we just talking about the texture?
There's only one way to find out.
Just keep asking.
If, if it wanted to be a scorpion.
That's a stingy.
Stingy.
If it wanted to,
no, this is bullshit because I,
if I wanted to be a horse,
then I would still,
I think I would still be classified as a furry.
No, you would be everyone.
Beautiful sons of bitches.
I think maybe that's it.
Maybe the horse just realized
that it will never be classified as the majestic one
or the pretty one
or the graceful one.
You're saying he's found,
he's found his niche.
Yeah.
He was like,
he's looking around and going,
look at all of us.
We are all the majestic ones.
We are all the pretty ones.
I'm going to be the fucking crazy one.
But that's the thing.
If I've learned anything
from any horse-based entertainment medium,
it is that you,
that is the horse that you want to tame.
And then it turns out to be the fucking dopest,
the best, fastest, best, best racinist.
Well, I think the difference is,
is usually you look for like the stubborn one,
the difficult way.
You don't look for like the balls crazy one.
You don't want,
you don't look for the one
that's going to try to eat your toes
when you're not looking.
That's not what Black Beauty was about.
Now Black Beauty,
I know that you just ate my baby,
but God damn it,
I'm going to ride you.
I'm going to break that animal spirit.
Horses can,
this is an unpopular opinion,
but horses can look kind of crazy.
When they like,
when they like open their lips up
and show you those huge chompers
and their eyes open wide,
that is a scary, scary sight.
And I saw in the Pecos Bill cartoon,
they do this thing,
like when they jump up in the air.
You just said four words
that didn't sound like words.
What were they?
The Pecos Bill cartoon.
Okay.
The horse jumps and they are like
all four of its feet
leave the ground at the same time.
And it kind of like curves its back.
And it looks like a fucking crazy ass like horse show.
That's a cartoon, Travis.
No, but like they do it in real life too.
What if, what if the horse,
that weird horse face curve was describing,
what if that's their natural state?
Like, and they just gussy it up
for when humans are around.
Well, that's the time they're working
really hard to keep it together.
I can't let my lips do that weird thing.
It makes me look like
the horse embodiment
of a Robin Williams impersonation.
That is what they look like though.
This is the, this,
we're joking about this
because we don't want to answer
the fucking like hard, hard question.
We love horses so goddamn much.
I think about them all day,
especially in the shower.
I got to ride one on my honeymoon
and it was fucking glorious.
That's what I'm saying, Travis.
Was it familiar with you from your work?
It was, it was like,
oh, you're the horse advocate,
Travis McElroy.
We've read so much about in our horse case.
I'll make sure not to destroy your balls
and dick with my crazy spine.
I've only ridden a horse once
and it destroyed both my balls
and my dick with its crazy, crazy spine.
It was like, it was like riding
that one Spinosaur.
I think that was a dinosaur
with the like crazy spine fin.
Terrible, terrible for my situation.
What were we talking about?
If I've told you once,
I told you a thousand times
that was a motorcycle
and you could say it was a dinosaur
as many times as you want.
This horse is actively hurting
other beautiful, perfect horses.
What do we, what do we do about that?
Can you just sequester it?
What do you mean?
I mean, just like make it
never see other horses again.
A life without looking at horses,
you might as well send it to hell.
Oh, let me throw this out.
Equus, blind it.
That's a terrible, you understand?
Well, no, then it can totally
be around other horses, but don't worry.
Oh, it would smell.
Oh, I smell a fucking, I love-
Cut its nose off.
I blind it, cut its nose off,
pull its teeth out.
Oh God.
What are you talking about?
What?
But then it's still gonna ride it majestically.
You think any horse is gonna look anything
but disheveled and resentful
after that, this procedure
that you're doing majestically.
Sweet mask.
It's gonna hear the horses.
Gotta cut those ears right off there.
Cut the ears off.
It's still gonna wanna kick things,
so those hooves gotta go.
Come on, Torcy.
Torcy, the torso horse,
touch him and your wishes come true.
I don't wanna touch,
daddy, I don't wanna touch him.
Don't make me touch him.
Come on.
Touch the goddamn horse.
Packers got a hard game coming up.
I need to win.
Man, touch him, touch Torcy.
Your mom's not gonna come back
unless you touch Torcy for daddy, come on.
Go ahead, child.
How are you speaking to me?
Your mouth is gone.
I'm speaking to you through the Equestriaverse.
Touch me, child.
It's the only way your mother's coming back to daddy.
No, I think Travis should be forced
to leave its ears on
because I want it to hear the things
that people say about it.
And that's to the pain.
When the children walk by and whisper,
dear God, what is that thing?
What is that?
I want their heads to be forever
in its perfect ears.
Poor Torcy.
It could probably still survive, right?
If you wanna see this fan art of Torcy,
just draw a bean, draw a hairy bean.
It still has most of its head.
It's still gonna need a brain up in there.
Draw a bean with a brain dangling off of it.
Don't get me wrong.
Horse's hearts are the biggest,
most perfect, and wonderful hearts
capable of more love
than every human in the world combined,
but it still needs some think meat in there
to process.
Can we store the brain inside Torcy's torso
behind glass like Krang?
Um, yes.
Man, wouldn't that be great
if they made Seabiscuit too with Torcy
and he still somehow,
I guess he just like rolled really fast
and he won the big race.
Just gotta give him something to chase,
but he can't smell see or hear.
Move, live, think.
Bang a gong in front of him
and hope that the vibrations steer him the right way.
He would make a great bobsled though.
That's for goddamn sure.
My office had a Halloween party
which resulted in a large bucket of candy
being left over and set out in a common area.
The next morning, all of the candy
except for the Milky Ways were gone.
A coworker claims to be the sole witness
but doesn't want it to get out
because that would create workplace tension
between adults over candy.
Should I press my coworker to snitch?
This was probably $20 to $30 in good candy
and this is not the first time it happened.
That's from Snitch Witch.
Oh man, how many times has that happened?
The perfect crime.
I know.
Let me just throw this out.
Who takes all the candy except Milky Ways?
I know, Milky Ways basically the best candy bar,
so whoever, I mean, I guess leaving that behind
is such a huge clue
because it's like who in the office
doesn't like Milky Ways?
Robert, Robert, god damn it.
I knew it was you, Robbie.
You fucked us for the last time, Robbie.
Is that $20 to $30 pre-Halloween or post-Halloween?
Because that goes way down.
That's like down to like $10, $15 at Walgreens.
Are you providing us with the price of the candy
because you're thinking that they're gonna fence it?
Because if that's the case,
why wouldn't they just take the Milky Ways?
No, there needs to be some reparations made.
They need to provide everybody in the office.
They employ 60 people,
so they need to pay, I don't know, 30 to 50 cents per person.
How much do you have to fucking love Butterfingers
and Snickers and Twix that it is worth $20 to you?
The possibility that one of your co-workers
will have a visual of you like with a duffel bag
just raking candy into it except for,
oops, no, a Milky Way got in there.
I gotta filter that back out.
I would actually pay $20 to see an adult person doing that.
I think it would be worth it.
I think what you're missing out on is
that it's the principle of the thing
and not the monetary value.
Because if it were me, if it were my workplace,
A, I would be the one who had stolen the candy.
But B, the problem is is at that point,
it's like that was all of our candy
and Steve yummied it down.
Yeah, but you're 30 now, Travis,
and I have a hard truth for you to accept in this
that you can't eat candy anymore.
Justin will tell you all about it.
Once you hit 30, you can't eat candy anymore.
Because it gums up the works?
It gums up the works so, so bad.
Well, I know you can't do Starbursts,
but I figure a York Peppermint Patty isn't gonna mess it up.
I'm 33 now, and I am to a point where,
and this has just started to happen,
but I start to feel weird about eating candy.
Yeah.
It seems like, I don't know, I've got some candy here
and it seems like it's for kids now, I guess.
Good news is, Travis, you mentioned Starbursts,
you can't eat Starbursts anymore,
but can I suggest this substitute of Metamucil Fiber Chews?
Just as good, and they keep your pipes full.
What are you into, Skittles?
Skittles aren't gonna do you anymore,
but how about these Centrum Daily Vitamins?
They're like Skittles that you have to eat
or else you'll die because you're 30 years old now,
and your body just won't fix itself anymore
the way it used to.
You gotta keep filling it with nutrients and supplements.
I'm sad now.
Well, that's-
I wish I hadn't gotten old.
I know.
There's nothing you can do about it.
Well, not now.
You have no idea what it's like being the youngest brother.
It's like I have two portraits of myself
that a wizard painted and they're both,
I can watch them both getting older in front of me
and it's like, oh, I'm gonna be that,
and then I'm gonna be that!
It's really fucking terrifying.
Why does one of your portraits have a beard?
Because I have high hopes one of these days
it's gonna happen for me.
I'm gonna start producing.
Griff, do you have a Yahoo for us?
Sure.
This Yahoo was sent in by Steven Emrick.
Thanks, Steven.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Diddy who asks,
best Subway meat sandwich?
I've been wanting to try something new.
I love cold cuts and cheeses.
Not a fan of turkey or chicken subs.
What combination of meats and cheeses could I get?
That would be good.
And on what type of bread?
Have you tried the pt with quail eggs?
Order that, see what kind of reaction you get.
Is there a way to,
you know how like there's all those online publishing
things going around of like how to hack Chipotle
and like really, really sad ways of getting like
getting like some extra guac, you know what I mean?
Like ask for a medium sized tub of guac
and then have them put it in a large container
and you'll get 1.5 extra ounces of guac.
I was like, wow, man.
That's a lot of steps to go through
for just a little bit extra guac.
Is there a way to hack Subway to get bigger, better,
beefier, more robusto sandwiches?
Get the cookies on the sandwich.
You're saying when they ask what toppings do you want?
Yeah, what topping?
You say, I want a large soda on there.
Yeah, can I get a second?
Crunch up some of the Lay's potato chips onto the sandwich.
Can I get a second sandwich inside that sandwich, please?
And then you can keep doing that forever
until the universe is all sandwiches.
Do you guys, what do you guys get at Subway?
What's your Subway jam?
I haven't been to a Subway in so long
because do you know why?
Because those places fucking stink.
They stink so bad.
There's a combination gas station and Subway by my house.
Oh my God.
Every time I walk into the gas station, it smells like sick.
It smells like someone's vomit.
Yeah, being Subway adjacent is terrible.
I used to work at the country's best yogurt
and it really just, it wasn't a brand name for us.
It fucking meant something.
But that country's best yogurt was right next door to a Subway
and we would get a little bit of stink through the vents
and then you would go in on your lunch break
because there was nothing else to eat in a 3.5 mile radius.
So you would go into the Subway and I would get my,
you know, whatever sandwich I could get for $2.50
because I was broke like a bad joke.
And then you would come back and be like,
oh, you went to Subway, I can tell
because you carried it with you, the smell of it.
It gets in your fucking clothes.
You got a pig pin-esque cloud of Subway stink around you.
It's like every Subway comes with its own like methane leak.
Like that's part of the, in order to franchise it out,
it's like, let's see, you got a sandwich station,
you got a hood to prevent people from like sweating
and bleeding and snotting into the meats, that's great.
And let's just go ahead and break this pipe.
All right, you're good to go.
Have fun and sell lots of Sammies.
See you in a year to make sure that leak's still going
because man, it's important.
That was actually one of my favorite things
about the brief stint at Jimmy John's I worked where-
Doesn't have a stink.
Doesn't have a stink at Jimmy John's.
Doesn't have a stink.
Also doesn't like customize sandwiches.
All they'll do is not put things on it.
You know what I mean?
So people come in like, could I get the number 12?
But could I get that with, nope.
It's really stinky.
No, I just want to add extra, nope.
I remember you could get an extra slice of like mozzarella
on your sandwich and it was a dollar.
Hey, guess what?
Fuck you, Jimmy John's.
I can go buy a whole package of it at Kroger's for a dollar.
And then I can have like a full blown cheese explosion
on my sandwich.
I loved that for a while and he might still do it.
Jimmy John's whole thing was like, we're just sandwiches.
We don't toast them.
We don't do soup.
We don't do specialty, just sandwiches.
It's like, so your whole sales pitch is we don't do extra things.
We don't.
We just do the one thing and we do it okay.
That'll be $14.
We do not go above and beyond by any means.
These are artisanal sandwiches prepared by expert chefs
who've been apprenticing since they were 13.
And also they're 16 now and they're so good at sandwiches.
That'll be $14.59.
The problem I have with ordering at Subway
and trying to get a perfect sandwich is that,
and this should help this question asker.
So I'm happy to pitch in here.
I can't, I always feel awkward about ordering a topping
and then I get pretty specific.
Like when I'm watching them put the topping on,
I feel like it's really, I feel like this urge to control
the amount of that topping that I'm getting.
Like if I ask for green peppers, I don't want 50.
And their inclination is usually to put 50 on there.
Thank you.
You're an artist.
That's very generous.
Or mustard, they spread, they fucking,
they ejaculate that mustard onto your sandwich
with the carelessness of like a lunatic
watering their front yard.
Like it's a nightmare to watch.
That's why no matter what I get,
no matter what I get at Subway,
I always say, and I'd like that with this and this and this,
and I'd like to make it myself.
Can I get back, can I get back there?
And let me just, I know exactly how much lettuce I want.
Please do not touch it with your stupid service person hands.
I know shit at the Sub.
I don't want to put this particular Subway chain on blast.
Although if the quality control hasn't picked up
since the time I worked at the country's best yogurt,
they've definitely either closed or been closed
by some sort of government agency.
Somebody was cutting bread, cut clean into their finger
and then kept trying to do the sandwich.
Hey lady, you're not a fucking master chef.
Like you're not under a tight time constraint.
Someone else can go ahead and take the reins from you.
On this particular sandwich.
Let me get that with the oil and vinegar
and salt and pepper, a little bit of lettuce
and like a half pint of your blood.
You're not on fucking chopped.
Like it's okay if this sandwich takes a while to make
and if someone else does it.
I can happily confirm that Subway is still open
by the way Griffin, so don't even worry about it.
Great, well I'm not gonna, I'm sure there's a lot of Subways
adjacent to the country's best yogurts in the country.
Not so many anymore I don't think.
Like this one was on 8th Street in Huntington, West Virginia.
Have fun guys.
This week's episode is brought to you by Subway.
Subway.
Specifically the one Subway on 8th Street
in Huntington, West Virginia.
This is narrow casting at its best.
This has actually just been my brother, my brother and me.
It's like a, it's a podcast for advice and jokes
and love and laughter and-
Is that the whole ep?
Where does the time go?
I know, right?
It flies by when we're having it.
It feels like it's been about an hour and three minutes
for me actually.
It's about time for me to start sweeping up.
Saddle.
Plensing us back into the old trunks.
We need sad ending music like Dumbo's Circus had.
Get back in the wagon, we're saying goodbye, we've got to fly.
Thank you so much for reminding me of that show.
I'm gonna get off right now and watch it on Hulu Plus.
What about if it's like, show me that smile.
It's like the growing pains theme, but like a funeral dirge,
which is how the, I think that's how the show ended.
Remember, everybody go to naturebox.com,
use the coupon code MYBROTHER,
and you're gonna save 50% off.
How is that, how is that typed?
Can you provide the exact typing of-
Okay, in our notes, it has a space.
So try it with a space first, if that doesn't work.
Capital M, capital B, with a space.
With a space.
Try that first, if that doesn't work, just try it all together.
But, Nature Box, go get you some.
And let us know if you can eat any good snacks.
I can personally recommend the banana bread granola,
that's really good.
Cindy likes the Santa Fe corn sticks.
If you get chili lime pistachios,
if you could send some of those my way,
because we did get a sample box,
and Rachel did eat all of them before I had a chance to taste any.
Here's the good news, all the Nature Box snacks
are really healthy and made from good stuff
and no weird ingredients, no mystery ingredients.
So she can eat as many as she wants,
she's not gonna grow a horn or anything.
No, I know, but I wanted-
Apparently, as many as she wants is all of them.
This is all of them.
What's my favorite flavor combo?
Mm, chili and lime.
What's my favorite nut?
Mm, pistachio.
Yeah, I think I would have liked some of those.
Thank you to everybody tweeting about the show,
helping us spread the word.
We know we had some issues last week with the download.
Totally, for once, not our fault.
It was the fault of our friends at Libsyn.
Should be working now.
Listen, they provide a great service.
It's so rare that things go sideways,
but I re-uploaded it a third time,
so if you missed it last week, it should be working now, I hope.
I want to thank John Roderick and The Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Are they touring right now?
Because I just read a concert review of theirs from-
They're definitely playing some shows.
I don't know if it's a full-blown tour, but yeah.
Man, goddammit, I would kill to see that.
I know, I know.
So if you're The Long Winters and you're listening,
come on by our house and do a show.
No, The Long Winters with a T.
What did Justin say?
I swear he said The Long Winters,
which just sounds like a group of people
that tell really long, boring stories.
No, they have a name for that.
It's called My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
That's our show, folks.
Thank you so much for listening.
Griffith, do you have one last question to take us out on?
I'm so upset about these pistachios.
The bag wasn't opened, and she was like,
I thought it was because you didn't want them,
and it was actually the opposite.
I was so excited to eat them.
I was like saving it for a weekend treat.
Because this final Yahoo was sent in by Andrew Garcia.
Thanks, Andrew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Richard, who asks,
what determines a moose's coloration?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffith McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother.
Make it back in the wagon.
We're saying goodbye.
Kiss your dad's square on the way.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
Justin, what are you doing?
Strapping a chicken in my arm.
Heard there's some plague out west,
so I just wanted to kind of get out ahead of it.
Justin, if you'd ever listened to our medical history
podcast, Sawbones, where we talk about everything
from trepanation to bloodletting,
you would know that that is a ridiculous idea,
and it will never work.
Sawbones.
I haven't caught it.
Sawbones?
Yes.
It's every Friday on the Maximum Fun Network,
and we're going to be talking about it.
It's every Friday on the Maximum Fun Network,
and we record it together.
Do you need a doctor or something?
Yes.
