But anyway, I want you guys to put your hands together, together, there's beer here, put
your hands together like in a clapping motion, and welcome my brother, my brother and me!
The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how
cool they are for listening.
The last words Justin said to me right before we walked out here was, I'm fully turnt.
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother, my brother and me, the advice show for the
modern era.
We want that every sentence, every sentence we say tonight, we expect that result.
I was fucked, that was a goof.
That'll be great because we only have 30 minutes of material prepared, so.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
Oh no, this will be the loudest one, and we'll feel bad about it.
And I'm the baby-est one, Griffin McElroy.
I'm 11 for 11.
I haven't been keeping score, but 11 for 11, loudest cheers.
Welcome to my brother, my brother and me, which is my brother, my brother and me, live,
face-to-face, 11.
Did we come up with that?
No, I said no one goes home alone.
No one goes home alone!
What if they, like, want to?
Too bad!
We have, like, Chilean miners, we have emerged from our...
No!
No?
That is cheap!
Only the hits tonight.
We know you guys put up with a lot of traffic, we're only doing the hits.
Welcome to our spookiest live show.
We'll say, we'll say anything that'll get a response.
There might be ghosts around.
There we go.
Bramblepelt.
I'm literally, I'm shameless.
Thank you, half bottle of Hennessy, half of this is Diet Coke, so...
You pick which half.
I didn't like that LA show, Justin was drunk the whole time.
If you're not, if you're not here right now, which is, like, a lot of the earth.
Most of the earth.
What percentage?
We are, we're in a cemetery, well, we're not like...
We're in the middle of a cemetery.
Yeah, it's very chilly.
No, we're in a cemetery.
We're like Lydia from Beetlejuice, just hanging out.
Did anybody, like, walk around and, like, check out the graves?
These weirdos.
There's just two of them.
There's some pretty good graves.
You see any cool ones?
Shh, quiet!
What?
Did you go to the Mel...
The Mel Blanc one?
Yes.
That's the best one.
Yeah.
Was it cool?
Does everybody in the audience know Mel Blanc's avatar?
That's all folks.
It's so good.
So choice.
Such a cool dude.
If mine says kiss your dad square on the lips, I'm going to be very, very put out.
So I live here now.
I am a resident of a...
In the cemetery.
Travis has been dead for 25 years.
Have you seen Ghost Rider?
I'm like the creepy old guy who once was a ghost rider, but now lives here.
And you guys are visiting.
How are you enjoying your visit?
Oh, fucking great, dog.
Super good.
Travis has an air mattress.
Oh yeah, there was a vine.
Here's the thing about this air mattress is every 90 minutes you have to re-inflate it
by hand with a pump.
I did not know that when I pitched it to Griffin.
Which almost makes it like a coin-operated bed.
Like the magic fingers at a motel.
So instead of vibrating, it just turns into more floor, essentially.
Now that's unpleasant for Griffin waking up and realizing he's on the floor.
But I was...
Because I wasn't previously.
I was sleeping directly next to him.
So my sleep was interrupted every 90 minutes by this.
It's a hand pump, but apparently I just breathe very heavily whenever I...
Griffin takes his pumping very seriously.
That's my hand pump noise.
I thought that was obvious.
It's pretty good.
I'm not a Foley artist.
So that made sleeping interesting.
Yeah, it did.
Should we do the show?
If you've never listened to our show before, we take your questions and we turn them alchemy-like
into wisdom.
We have some questions specifically from people here in the audience.
Feel free to say woo or wooboy or wooboy.
We will also...
Any combination of woo and boy.
Boo and nanny.
Boo, boo, nanny.
Later in the show, we're gonna take questions from people who are brave enough to stand
up here and ask questions.
We just ask...
Do not be a bummer.
As always, don't be a bummer.
We say this every time and we really, really mean it.
Don't be a bummer.
We'll sit you right back down.
Yeah, it's an exciting show.
Got a lot of buds in the audience.
Got a lot of yahoos.
It's gonna be so good.
It should be pretty fun.
Let's...
And oh, I should mention, we're sorry the Soulbones couldn't make it tonight.
My baby still isn't sleeping great, so we couldn't make it.
Sorry.
Blame it on his stupid baby.
That dumb baby ruining everything.
But we're super excited about the special guest podcast.
They are so big.
We are opening for them.
We're opening for them.
So they're on after us, but we're really excited to be opening for them.
It's their first live performance, so stay tuned for that.
But first, questions.
Here we go.
This past Candle Nights, I got...
First off, I should ask.
Is anybody here not listened to our show before?
Any first timers?
Okay.
Oh, it's gonna be really weird for all y'all.
Oh, shit.
Welcome.
Oh, God, no.
Bienvenidos.
You're in for a treat.
Say something not funny, but people laugh, lean over to the person you're with and ask
why it was funny.
Right.
And they won't be able to explain it.
Or if you want, we can explain it if you just yell, why was that funny at the stage as long
as you can.
No!
You'll sound a lot like Arnani listening to the show.
I don't get it.
Oh, we should have a pop-up video thing that has like, Arnani is our grandmother.
This past Candle Nights, I got my girlfriend tickets.
Candle Nights, you see, is a Christmas alternative.
This past Candle Nights, I got my girlfriend tickets to an upcoming Meghan Trainor concert.
Meghan Trainor is the singer we didn't get birth to Meghan Trainor.
Not like for life, just for our, okay.
Upon receiving the gift, I got her tickets to a Meghan Trainor concert.
Upon receiving the gift, she was excited and informed me that she coincidentally has the
same dress Meghan, apparently they're on a first name basis, Meghan wears in her music
video.
My girlfriend is considering wearing the dress to the concert.
Is this acceptable or is it just as lame as wearing a band t-shirt at their show?
That's from Brian.
Brian, are you here?
Woo!
Yeah.
A woo in the darkness.
That was acceptable.
That was an acceptable response.
Woo, woo boy.
Or just boy.
Or boy.
Or oh boy.
Oh boy.
If you've been quantum leaped back to the show.
Quantum leapt?
Yeah, you had it the first time.
Quantum leapt.
Lept quantumly.
I mentioned in the, Travis told us about this question and I mentioned in the car ride here
that we had done a question about whether or not it was acceptable to wear a band's t-shirt
to that band's concert and they both said, I don't remember doing that at all and I don't
think it was that long ago.
In 138 episodes in, I can't remember every stance I took.
Yeah.
I'm actually pro wearing a band's t-shirt.
In the episode, I may have been anti, but that's just a character I play on the podcast.
We didn't cover, we didn't even touch the concept of cosplaying as good Charlotte.
No, I'm the anti, I'm bad Charlotte.
It's a fun spin on the cat, I'm steampunk good Charlotte, it's a fun spin.
I think she should do it because how many more chances is she going to get for a Meghan
Trainor concert?
Listen to you.
Listen to you.
Before it becomes a Meghan Trainor concert to the all about that bass girl concert.
How many completely confusing chart topping hits have you pinned in your lifetime?
Three.
Oh, okay.
You're beating her by one though.
I just called to say I love you.
That was Travis.
Mbop.
Mbop was Travis.
Yeah.
And I just called to say Mbop.
I wish you'd stop calling me.
It's 1996 and this is fucking expensive.
I bet.
I just called collect to say Mbop.
What if she-
Hey, don't accept the charges.
Just Mbop, later.
What if she's mid song and she just looks down in the audience like, nice.
Or worse, she looks down and goes, wait, hold on, stop, stop, stop.
What the fuck?
Everybody else out in the lobby until we figure this shit out.
One of us has to change.
One of us is changing and I have other costumes and it's not going to be me.
So figure it out.
We have t-shirts in the lobby that are $45.
Did she coincidentally have the same dress or did she buy it because she's a fan?
Was it a Meghan Trainor fashion decision?
We're sort of asking that to the ephemera.
We're not looking for an actual-
Yeah, it's a rhetorical-
Into the hive mind.
Right.
What do you all think?
Let's take an audience poll.
I'm in favor of it.
I think you could pawn it off as a coincidence.
You know, I don't watch music videos.
That's what you say.
I didn't see-
Oh, did I?
Uh-uh.
Is it?
I was wearing a cat face on my chest and a cat face on my vagina and it was just random.
Is that?
I have not seen the video.
Is that it?
That's the follow-up.
That's the second.
That's all about the base team.
Are you like shooting without a script here?
I don't know that this is-
Are you guys not big train heads?
No, I am sorry.
I am a train head, a fan of the band Train.
So don't try and take that away from us.
There's like 60 of us.
If you want me to replicate the casual yet stylish chinos from drops of Jupiter, I can
do that for you.
You're dressed just like the lead singer of Train and no one noticed.
There's a lot of people dressed like the lead singer of Train in LA I've noticed.
Keep an eye peeled.
You'll spot a lot of them.
I have a Yahoo.
Oh, if you've never listened to our show, we occasionally take questions from the Yahoo
answer service.
Occasionally.
From time to time.
From time to time.
Basically, it's whenever the show stops being funny, we'll, you laughed a little too hard.
You can keep it.
You can just relax.
We'll take a question from the Yahoo answer service.
Griffin, what question do you have for us?
This one was actually sent in by Drew Davern for you, Drew.
Stand up.
Stand up.
Is he here?
Stand up.
You mountain of a man.
I see your beautiful face.
There he is.
The legend of a man.
Wait, wait, I didn't, I didn't get a picture.
Everybody pretend like it's his first time standing up.
Stand up again for a pose.
Don't move.
Oh, God, that's a great picture.
That's good.
That's good.
He looks like a beautiful ghost.
You go outside.
You go outside.
You pick any tombstone, it's yours.
You can take it home.
You don't have the Mel Blanc one.
Fuck it.
As a profile pic for ages, my friend.
This is a weird giveaway.
This one was sent in by Drew Davenport.
Drew Davenport is a guy that sends in questions a lot.
All the time.
Drew, tell me if you remember this one, buddy.
It was asked by Yahoo answers user Jabbar who asks, how can I subtly start an apple orchard
in my neighbor's backyard?
I feel like the subtleness ends after step one.
I have a feeling that the soil he has over there would be great for my orchard plants.
Look at that soil.
And since my wife already used up our acre for this BS perfect picnic courtyard, I can't
do it.
I can't do it on my lands.
Damn it, darling.
My apples.
We never even picnic.
I can't tell me neighbor about this plan though because we've had multiple disagreements lately
and he'd never allow it.
Your picnic courtyard is too fucking perfect over there.
You're making the rest of us look bad.
How's your soil?
He'd never, he'd never allow it even though all that he grows over there is grass.
It's a complete waste and he could do more if he cared about the beauty of our neighborhood
and money.
It's in his backyard.
The problem with this is there has to be a moment during the blossoming where you have
to have a conversation with him like, those are looking, what are you growing over there?
Those look nice.
Also, those are mine.
Also dimps.
Hey, those look awesome.
Don't fucking touch them though.
Tell you what, I'll take care of those for you.
No charge.
I'll just get all the apples.
All right, 10% of the apples are yours.
You drive a hard bargain.
Do you think that was Johnny Appleseed's game when he was like roaming the lands?
Just like, where did this fucking apple tree come from?
You planted an apple tree underneath my child's play place?
Yeah, you destroyed my house's foundation because you planted an apple tree right next
to it.
Like, yeah, I know, but free apples.
I'll take care of it though.
But flip side, apples are pretty good, right?
You like apples.
An apple tree, taking care of an apple tree is a fucking commitment.
Johnny Appleseed planted his shit all across the country.
You know he wasn't watering those trees as they went.
He was saying, this is, hey, stranger in Vermont who I just planted an apple tree in their
front yard.
This is your problem now.
So basically, Johnny Appleseed is a metaphor for a deadbeat dad.
That's- Listen.
He walks across the country, spreading his seed, and then just moves to the next town.
I'm sorry.
It's right there.
I like a joke as much as the next guy.
But Johnny Appleseed regularly returned to the orchards he had planted to make sure they
were thriving.
In his car?
In his magic apple car, like in the fucking Richard scary verse?
Is that what you're suggesting?
Does it exist?
Do you think they had to get new cars like every day or like, they'd spray it with like
lemon juice.
Yeah, they'd spray a little bit of lemon juice on the inside, but in like a day, the interior
is just all- What do I have to do to put you into a crab
apple today?
That's a dumb line of jokes.
Justin, save us.
I got another question here.
A photographer friend of mine has developed an uncanny ability to consistently take the
worst pictures of me ever taken.
Somebody's laughing a little too hard.
We're going to get you in a second.
Hey, they're pretty funny, but at this point, there are a lot of them.
And some of them are really, really bad.
I am definitely part of the problem.
When she points the camera at me, I always seem to make a face, but she's got an amazing
ability to catch me with my mouth full, mid sentence, while apparently farting and sneezing
at the same time.
How do I train myself to pull a blue steel when my friend and her camera are near?
Or should I buy a large sack and dive into it?
Any tactics or advice will be appreciated, and that's from problematic photos in Portland.
Are you here?
Okay, everyone look away.
Okay.
Pull the face.
Did you drive from Portland?
No, look away, I said front row.
Okay, pull the face.
Yeah.
Okay.
Solid.
Yeah, that's- Whoa.
Solid.
That's rough.
Don't want that on film.
That's rough.
Thanks, Candidly.
I used to take a lot of pleasure in being Stink Face Steve.
Your name's not Steve, is it?
Because that would be really rude and coincidental.
I used to really enjoy that.
I used to take a lot of pleasure in looking ugly like you.
No, it's not.
It has nothing to do with attractiveness.
I would like to think I have very high self-esteem.
But then all my friends started getting married, and that's not good, because everyone looks
so good, but you're up there during the ceremony farting and sneezing at the same time, and
I have a pizza roll in my mouth during the ceremony?
If you all look in your hearts, I think everyone can admit that they have a face that they
pull when a camera's pointed at them and they know that... I mean, we're all adults, right?
You have that face where you're like, and you know that that's going to be your face
every time.
You're like, whoa, whoa, whoa, camera.
My face-
Every time, right?
It's not intentional.
My face is the face I get when I get a Christmas gift.
I don't like, but I don't want to hurt the person's feelings.
It's kind of like... Look at any fucking picture of me, I swear to God.
You'll look for wrapping paper.
Where is it?
I know he's getting a Christmas gift he doesn't like.
That's only one step away from a fire just exploded in front of your face.
It's hard, right?
I feel you, because you- Oh, if you're listening to the podcast-
It made a- These faces are solid.
You work so hard, right?
You work hard to keep it right and tight and just looking super good, and then somebody
turns the camera on you, and you just drop the ball.
That's why you need final cut in all of your pictures.
For other people?
No.
You just take everybody's computers and take the JPEGs yourself.
I wish I could help you.
I don't.
I suffer from this pretty chronically.
I haven't had a good picture taken of me since high school, probably.
What if you became the back of your head guy, where every time you saw a camera, you just
went- That's grim.
And they were like, I don't think Steve exists.
I hear all these legends.
And then they'll be happy to start seeing your face in some pictures, like, oh, there
he is.
Yo, Yahoo.
This one.
Did you really bring three beers?
No, these are backup beers.
In case of emergency, these beers are here.
If it's- If you- Okay.
So is it if it stops being funny, you're like, I'm out.
I'm under the table with my beer friends.
We record this show sober every single time.
And for some reason- Someone just went, yeah.
Every- You would be shocked.
Dozens of people ask us, you guys do that show high.
No, we don't.
But when we do it in front of people- Because we're older than 22.
So we don't know where- Right.
We can't find weed.
We're in California.
We don't know where it exists.
How about a Yahoo?
Yahoo is my drug.
This drug was sent in by Mark Brown.
Thank you, Mark.
It was sent in by Yahoo Answers user Rachel One, who asks, if you had the opportunity
to adopt a talking cat, would you?
Long hair or short hair?
Like of course.
The hair length?
I get that long hair is how it's akin to- If I don't want it to shed all over my carpet,
yeah, it's an issue.
But you could talk to it and be like, can you do something about-
Can you stop shedding?
Okay.
To be fair, it's a talking cat, not a listening cat.
That's a good point.
How would it have learned?
Can I ask you though, wouldn't it be disconcerting to have a cat that could speak English but
can't understand English?
Like, I'm hungry.
What are we going to eat today?
Like, well, I got you a can of fancy food.
I can't- How many times do I have to tell you?
Or worse, a cat that could speak English, but didn't.
Just wouldn't- I was like, hey, how's it going?
Oh my God.
You guys will never believe this.
Watch.
Cat.
Say something.
Yeah, he won't do it.
You fucking dick.
Let me hit you guys with this.
Cat story.
It's like Toy Story, but all cats instead of toys.
Same cast.
Same voice cast as Toy Story.
I think you're the first person to ever like pitch animals can talk, but we just can't
understand them.
No, no, no.
That's not the whole pitch.
Tim Allen.
Sold.
Yeah.
Tim Allen's attached.
Those are the three magic Hollywood words.
I'm having trouble selling my pitch.
Tim Allen's attached.
Nevermind.
What was it?
Cat Story 2?
What was it?
Cat Story 1?
That's dumb.
But Tim Allen's on board.
I just make the check out to cash.
You think that Griffin's joking, but think about how many Tim Allen movies you're asking
yourself, how the fuck did this get made?
Someone said Tim Allen's attached.
Tim Allen's attached and a time machine.
Right.
I like to imagine a rich fiction behind many Yahoo answers.
And for this one, I imagined a person sitting on the couch and looking at their cat thinking
God damn it, I wish you could talk or worse.
They adopted a talking cat, but the cat also scratched up at everything and they're like,
should I have done this?
Hold on.
Would you have done it?
Was this a mistake?
It's a talking cat, but also it's really racist and he can't hear, so it's like, you can't
tell him to stop.
He doesn't know any better.
If I had to shit in a little dirty cave, I would probably be pretty racist too.
The foreigners took all our toilets.
What?
What did you say?
Excuse me?
Whoa, Mr. Bobo.
I can never find a toilet because all the foreigners are sitting on them.
I was like, whoa.
What?
Be cool for two seconds.
Just one second.
Please.
I can't understand what you're saying.
I don't understand.
I can't learn and grow from my mistakes.
I don't understand English.
Here's a question.
My wife.
My wife?
No.
My wife.
Have you guys seen Borat?
It's really great.
I think you guys would like it.
My wife, CeCe'd, recently pointed out that I'm a bit of a jerk.
Her name is CeCe'd?
You CeCe'd her on the email?
Listen.
Solid.
I know you've wanted me to own up to my mistakes and I'm finally doing it in an email to a
comedy podcast, Beverly.
She says I treat her pretty well, but with others, sorry, I missed the emphasis.
Let me try again.
Hold on.
Ahem.
Oh, yeah.
That'll help.
It's Justin's magic talking potion.
She says I treat her pretty well, but with others, I can come across as abrasive, arrogant,
overly talkative, and a bunch of other things that basically add up to maximum jerkitude.
My first response was to be upset and not believe it, but then I realized that's what
a jerk would do.
It's fair.
Since this revelation, I've been trying to adjust my behavior, but now I feel like I'm
stomping around angrily on eggshells and hyper-aware of my faults.
How can I stop being a jerk without losing my mind in the process?
That's from Jameson.
Your first move is to ask this question in front of a room full of people.
Jameson, get up here, buddy.
Here, Jameson.
Is Jameson here?
Jameson, you motherfucker.
Yeah, get on up.
Come on.
Come on up here.
Come on.
Don't cheer for him.
Don't egg on this behavior.
Yeah, right.
Don't boo him either.
Just be neutral.
Jameson, can I say you were a micro?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Easy, tiger.
Where's your bodyguard?
Okay, already fucking aggressive.
Can I just say, Jameson, you look really pleasant.
Oh, thank you.
So can you give us a specific example of why you think?
I tend to talk.
Whoa, dude.
Calm down.
Pump the brakes.
Coming at us.
Yeesh, Don Rickles.
You don't have to come out swinging.
Yeesh.
No, no, no, no, really.
Go ahead, Jameson.
All right.
You seem very pleasant.
Now we're different.
I can be a bit of a know-it-all.
I admit that.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And yeah, lots of stuff.
That's not good.
So know-it-all, et cetera.
Yeah, yeah.
Can I just say, I totally, totally relate.
Oh, that means a lot to me.
I expected a bigger response, frankly.
Fucking classic comedy podcast stoppers with your host, Travis McElroy.
No, I...
I had this realization where a friend of mine, Michael Bradbury, basically said like, hey,
I like you.
Too much information.
No, no.
Let him out.
Are you speaking hypotheticals?
Yeah.
Imagine there's a gentleman.
Imagine, if you will, and his friend says, I like you, but everyone else thinks you're
a dick.
Sounds familiar.
Hypothetically.
Yeah.
And when that happens, all you have to do, like a big move was like take stock, and it
really is like when you respond to anything, think like, how would I feel if someone said
this to me?
Yeah.
It's...
Have you read How to Make Friends and Influence People?
Have you read How to Train a Dragon?
Have you read How to Train Your Dragon?
How would you want your dragon to train you?
Not a lot of people think about it.
It's the golden dragon rule.
Jameson, I want to ask you in a serious question.
Is your inner Jameson, the Jameson that you hold to be in your heart, is he a dick or
is the Jameson that you show to the world?
Is that the personality you've crafted for yourself on your exterior?
Follow up question.
All right, just let me get mine in.
Fuck.
I'm afraid that when he answers, I'm afraid that when he answers yours, it will negate
mine.
You can fucking wait and see.
Jameson, hold on one second.
Roll the dice.
Okay.
Sorry, Jameson, about my brother, the dick.
My inner Jameson.
He's a real Jameson.
You'll have to excuse him.
No.
Or maybe you're a real Travis.
I don't know.
Let's compare stories out.
We'll hang out later.
We'll compare stories.
Wait.
I want to get a fucking answer.
I would say that my inner Jameson is very sensitive, but I show a sort of thorny facade.
There.
I knew he was going to answer my question.
Do you correct people a lot?
Yeah, maybe.
Yeah.
Oh.
Shit.
Hey.
Dude, you just got corrected on how often you correct people.
Jameson, I think that that's part of the problem.
That idea of like, I want to respond before the person says something.
Like I want to be a dick before they do.
The ma bim bam story.
The ma bim bam story.
When you write your autobiography, that will be the title.
I'm afraid that someone else will be a dick to me like a brother would.
And so I want to say something first.
So I appear to be the dominant person.
I think that it's a lack of trust in other people to accept you for who you are.
So you don't accept them for who they are.
So I think there's a certain amount of like, just speak honestly to people the way that
they would, you wouldn't want them to speak to you.
I think honestly might be the problem.
Yeah.
It's hard.
Just don't correct people.
Like take that as your first step.
Cause it's easy not to correct somebody and it makes them feel like shit and nobody gets
anything out of it.
Yeah.
Just keep your damn mouth shut.
No, I'm not saying.
I never, no, I literally, I never correct anybody because you, you think about correcting
people.
It's a no win scenario.
Either one, you're actually wrong.
That's the fucking pit or, or two, like they feel bad and everybody else thinks you're
kind of a jerk.
So like, I used to do it all the time.
Look for any opportunity.
Loved it.
Was overweight, needed a boost.
But now I'm, now I'm still overweight, but I have a podcast.
I have all of you.
The fact of the matter, it's really easy to justify to yourself because I'm in great shape
now.
If you're listening at home, I just fell, I just took off my shirt and all the ladies
and so inclined men in the audience were like, a little bit of a delayed reaction.
We will take that.
We will take that audio clip backwards 10 seconds.
Hey everybody.
Nice.
It's really easy to justify yourself and say, if I correct them, I'm doing them a service
because they had the wrong information.
You're not.
No, you're not.
You're insulting them indirectly and you just keep that because no one ever says a fact
saying, if I'm wrong, I hope someone says something.
No one's ever done that ever.
Jamison, I'm starting to feel exceedingly guilty for the fact that we've had you stand
up on stage for 15 minutes.
If you're listening, Jamison looks great.
He looks really great.
He's really great.
Round of applause for Jamison.
Jamison.
He's a great guy.
We love him.
Thank you.
That was very brave of you.
All right.
Who is Jamison's significant other?
Are you here too?
I'm so sorry.
I know you're hanging in there, but- Hey, keep him on the straight and narrow.
You're doing God's work.
God's work.
Seriously.
He's going to turn it around.
You wait for his fucking Scrooge moment.
He's going to be visited by some ghosts, us, and he's going to, you watch, he's going to
turn it around.
Griffin, you got a Yahoo?
I just closed it.
Griffin, what's on the Google page?
What is today's Google doodle?
I don't know.
Some painting.
We'll talk about it later.
Sorry to interrupt you past us, but we wanted to break in here for a quick trip to the Money
Zone.
Have you ever thought about building an iPhone application?
I don't possess the skills.
I mean, everybody thought about it, right?
It's just like- Everybody thinks that fart button.
Yeah.
You put these some zeros and ones together, and then it spells the words that form the
programming of the swordfish.
I had an idea for one, and I asked Siri to do it, and she said, go fuck yourself.
Yeah, which is weird.
Yeah.
I want to ask- It was my friend Siri, not the Siri on the
phone.
Oh, okay.
Oh.
Classic Siri.
She sounds rude.
She is rude.
Yeah, a little rude.
That's why we like her, though, because she's kind of a sass pot.
You know what I mean?
Your lack of technical skills is no longer going to hold you back thanks to your friends
at one month.
I'm going to tell you about one month iOS.
It's an easy way to learn iOS development using Swift.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I didn't take the class, but I do know that iPhone is the only way to make money these
days.
You have to build an app, and you can do that.
The way one month works is you give one month 30 minutes a day for 30 days, and at the end
of it, you will have a legitimate actual skillset, and not like reading or writing or math skillset
that will actually serve you in your day-to-day life like application development.
Justin, did you say that the iPhone is the only way to make money?
Yes.
Being on iPhone is the only way to make money.
That's a fact.
Sorry, Windows Lumia owners, you fucking broke.
Get an iPhone and get some money, because people are spending money on their iPhones.
They love it.
Snapchat me some bucks.
Snapchat us some bucks.
We're going to save you a few bucks.
I'm going to tell you how, you're going to go to onemonth.com slash my brother, and you
can start building your first iPhone app today.
Each class is broken down into 30-minute chunks, so it's really easily doable.
You don't have to sit down and do it for an eight-hour block or something interminable
like that.
30 minutes a day for one month, and you're going to become an expert at it.
Now, they have other classes, too.
They have one-month growth hacking, so you can get huge.
Shred your delt with one month.
I don't think that's-
Your business delts.
One-month HTML that will teach you-
Your business delts and your accounting abs.
Teach you how to make a website.
One-month rails to help you build your web apps.
If you go to onemonth.com slash my brother, you can get a 25% off discount for one of
these classes, so that's a great deal if you go to onemonth.com slash my brother and get
yourself a skill set.
Now the only thing holding me back is my overwhelming, almost paralytic laziness.
Yeah, but they can't help you with that unless that's what growth hacking is.
Back my lazy brain.
Got a special message from Matthew Hammond from Adam.
Trav, do you want to tell me what they have to say?
Well, Adam says to Matthew, to the beardiest man in China, I'm going to need some documentation
on that, happy candle nights from your home across the sea.
I realize we didn't know about it the last time I saw you, but I guess it's a thing now.
I trust it will be filled with eggnog and revelry.
Two things I can only hope are readily available in your country.
P.S.
Matthew and Adam are half-brothers, tell all your friends.
The good news about candle nights is it's really more of a state of mind.
No, it's not.
It's a specific.
It's a fluid being.
It's not.
It's a specific octet of days in the last month of the Gregorian year, and it's a state
of mind.
Yeah, but it's also like a real fluid time, you know what I mean?
What does it mean to you?
What do you think it is?
It's a fluid, transient state of mind that occupies your brain in an octet of days in
the last month of our Gregorian calendar, and it's that simple.
But who knows when that is?
I do.
December.
Nobody.
December, December, December.
December could be any time.
When is December?
A lot of people are still wondering about that.
What is December?
What am December?
Matthew, happy candle nights to you from your buddy Adam.
I think that that's very nice that you wished your friend a happy candle nights.
Or half-brother.
Or half-brother.
Jury's still out on that one, even though they explain, when is December?
How are these people related?
Nobody even fucking knows.
Who is this next message for?
This next message is for Ren, and it's from D, D-E, gosh, I hope that's an actual name
and not Denise, and they just got lazy.
D-E, ugh.
Never mind.
It's for Rem, it's for Ren, from D.
Right.
It could be just a guy named Randy sending it to himself.
Renday.
Renday.
Renday says to himself, happy birthday, here's to the next adventure, short, sweet, to the
point, easy.
Is this for an adventure of this Money Zone ad?
Yeah.
We're all on adventure again.
Whoa, barely got through that one.
Yeah.
Whoa, well this is weird.
I've just been handed a map with an X on it, and it says to tell Ren to go to the special
spot.
You know the one.
Walk 30 paces.
Walk 30 paces.
Walk 30 paces.
All right.
Face the sun from using your clitoris as a jumping off point.
Sundial.
Jump off your clitoris this birthday with one of our brothers.
Wee, it's the magic school bus.
Happy birthday, Ren, I hope it's a great one.
Sorry about all the clitoris talk.
Sorry again about all the clitoris talk, gosh, if we could go one episode without saying
that.
I would never.
It would be huge.
I would hit that button on it, an apology.
Sorry about all the clitoris talk, my brother, my brother, and me.
I want to make a quick mention if you're a fan of ours on Facebook or you're a member
of our Facebook group, there's a domestic violence shelter in Heinz, West Virginia,
the only one, in fact, in our hometown called Branches, and they are trying to raise money
to keep the doors open there.
So if you kick in a couple bucks, it'll be money well spent.
The my bim bam angels are already hopping all over it.
If you could pitch in there, that would be great.
They're doing it.
Just go to our Facebook page.
It's the My Brother, My Brother, Me Appreciation group, and you can find a link to that, donate
there.
Yeah, they're doing a GoFundMe, so it's easy to help them out.
So please do that.
Oh, also, we're going to have a very special guest, Paul Scheer.
I don't know if it'll be on the next episode, but we are recording, I think, before the
next one goes out.
So we could use your questions that we can chat about with Paul Scheer.
Travis, what are his areas of expertise that will guide the questions?
His areas of expertise are Jason Statham movies, thank you notes, and weird collectibles.
I have a weird collection of thank you notes from people who I went to see the Transporter
movies with.
So I think I'm pretty well stopped.
Have you got a question for Paul?
I don't.
I've kind of mastered all of those concepts, yeah, so we'll need other people to chip in.
Also, listen, alert, alert, Valentine's Day is very close.
We get a lot of emails from people talking about how much they love that sound effect,
because we do it in every goddamn episode.
Because they weren't paying attention until then, and then we do it, and they're like,
wait, hold on, shut up, Steven.
Well, hold on, I hear some high-pitched, shitty sounds.
They're doing horrible mouth sounds.
ProFlowers is gonna save your keister, ladies and gents, with a gift, a beautiful gift,
if I may say so.
We have received many deliveries from ProFlowers, they have always been quite beautiful.
And quite edible, if you ask my cat.
Yeah, go to proflowers.com, and then you're gonna see a blue microphone in the upper right
hand corner.
Click on that and type in my brother, and you're gonna get some access to some special
deals like two dozen long stem assorted roses with chocolates and a cherry vase for $39.98,
if you can believe that.
My cherry vase came in with a bitchin' hot rod paint job, and not that-
There's flame decals, it's awesome.
There is no maraschino-like flavor on the vase.
You could get two dozen roses and chocolates with a free vase for $29.99.
There's an ultimate long stem Valentine's Day special that has a bear and some flowers
and chocolate and some, look, what appear to be some sorts of lotions.
Justin, can you confirm if the bear is a real bear or a stuffed bear?
It's a real bear, and the only way to pacify it is to squirt the lotion in its eyes, or
it will attack you and-
If you didn't figure that out, then you gotta go back to your last save point and start
over.
For $39.98, you will go on a bear combat adventure with your beloved.
Come find a bear at proflowers.com, click on the blue microphone, enter the code MYBROTHER,
and you're gonna get some additional, some great savings.
And who doesn't want that?
Show somebody you care this year with proflowers.com.
If I may suggest, when you deliver these gifts to your sweetie, don't say like, yeah, they're
beautiful and I got them on the cheap.
Maybe keep that bit of info to yourself.
I got full, I got full price love for you, but I paid half price for it.
Your savings are between you and us and God, so we'll keep it that way.
God runs, God runs proflowers, I don't know if you guys know that.
Yeah, it's a, it's a profit deal.
Thank you, hey, and listen, thank you LA for coming out and showing your support of us
as we got up there and we did our thing.
We've referenced the Masonic Lodge at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery is a great venue.
Thanks to our very special guest podcast that came out after us and really just fucking
swept the floor with us.
Really showed us, it gave us like a masterclass in podcasting excellence.
We'll find some way, they've agreed to actually let us release that episode.
We'll try and figure out some way to do it.
Maybe as a donor bonus, we got Max Fun Drive coming up pretty soon.
So we'll, we'll, we'll find a way to circulate, circulate the tapes as it were.
Anyway, back to the show.
I close it so I don't know who sent it in because I, Drew, just let me know if you sent
this one in.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Achaya Siva who asks, what happens when vampire bites a werewolf?
Is that true?
Yeah.
This falls into that category of Yahoo Answers that I go, wait, wait, what does?
I writing a vampire book on Wattpad and my character just bit a werewolf.
So now I'm wondering, wait, wait, what did you say?
A vampire book on what?
Wattpad?
I'm guessing it's a, some sort of, is that a cool hip young person thing?
Yeah.
It's like thought catalog, but for werewolves.
I'm writing a vampire book on LiveJournal.
So now I'm wondering if a vampire's bite somehow affects a werewolf in any way.
I already know what happens when a werewolf bites a vampire.
Well, oh, okay.
We all took high school chemistry.
Please tell me if you know what happened when a vampire bites a werewolf.
Someone's in the front row whispering to a friend saying, well, clearly, do you know
the answer?
Oh, I thought you were whispering about what happens.
Could you read the first line of the first answer, please?
Jesus Christ, you ask a simple question about fantasy critters and some douchebag thinks
you asked for a sermon about the frigging evil Girl Scouts.
Some people.
Anyway, where was I?
Oh yeah.
Jesus Christ.
Lost my train of thought there, I got so angry.
What happens though when a vampire bites a werewolf?
I think the werewolf goes, what the fuck?
What does he gain?
So okay, most of the mythology I've seen is that a vampire has to feed on you and you
have to feed on a vampire and normally you wouldn't think that a werewolf would do this,
but you would have to assume a vampire bites a werewolf.
They're locked in combat, correct?
We can all agree vampires and werewolves are better enemies.
Look in your hearts.
Watch fucking Vampire Diaries or Twilight or any of our home movies.
You'll see vampires and werewolves are better enemies.
So the vampire has bit the werewolf, the werewolf has probably bitten the vampire.
Sixty-ninin.
I want to hear Griffin's story now, you're out.
You're out.
Tag Justin, tag me in.
Sixty bite?
Is that a thing?
Start at the beginning and talk slow.
Well, it's not, they're not really sixty.
They're not really sixty-ninin.
It's just, you know, you do a double nose bite.
They're sixteen sixty-ninin.
Oh shit.
I figured it out.
I figured it out.
Nothing?
Nope.
It's fair.
They bite each other on the necks.
Same time.
Boom.
Right?
And then they...
What?
What?
What's your addition?
Do you know?
You saw the answer?
Whisper it.
No, he's saying whisper.
Oh, you want me to whisper my answer?
ASMR it.
ASMR it.
ASMR it.
I guess I'll ASMR this thing.
Everybody, I need complete and utter silence.
Or I can't finish.
You can't fucking laugh.
We do a bite sixty-nine.
And they both just like, just suck that.
Shut up.
We're never going to get a YouTube smash hit.
They both suck that monster fluid out so hard.
And then, but they both suck all of it out.
All of a sudden, the vampire's a werewolf, werewolf's a vampire.
They fucking switch all their fluids around.
They do a complete fluid rotation.
Vampire's a werewolf, werewolf's a vampire.
Oh, so not like a vamp, werewolf, or were-vampire.
They're like, they switch places.
No, I'm saying a complete, 100% fluid transaction.
Do you think we can mix?
Total monster conversion.
No, I need you to look at Griffin's face and how happy he is about this.
Just think about it.
First of all, why is the werewolf sucking blood?
That's not his M.O.
He's thirsty.
What do you want from him?
What's he going to do?
Drink a lemonade?
Come on, Griffin.
Full point.
Sixty-nine monster drain.
Okay, seriously, what liquid would you see a werewolf...
Three-sixty no-look.
What werewolf would you see, what drink would you see a werewolf drinking and you think,
yep, other than blood?
Powerade?
Nope.
That's a good point.
Pink lemonade?
Absolutely not.
Monster?
Monster, someone said.
On the nose.
A little on the nose.
That's fine.
You want to change places?
When we put that on the tube, I think we should mix it stereophonically so I'm in one ear
and Trous is in the other so you really feel like you're here.
When you hear...
Those are blood-drinking noises.
Did everyone get their ASMR rocks off?
Is that important to me?
You feel the tingles?
Excellent.
I'm the gal you guys created life with during the last LA show.
That's not what it sounds like.
Thanks for the advice.
We're now expecting that baby.
My friend Julie and I are...
Congratulations or whatever.
My friend...
Sorry, after you have a baby, it's kind of like, yeah, I get it.
My friend Julie and I are coming again to enjoy your advice stylings.
So here's another question.
Do you have any specific suggestions on baby names?
We got a couple of possibles, but naming a human is hard.
Specific name suggestions or general ideas would be appreciated.
Linda, Linda, are you here?
Linda.
We should explain.
If you miss that show, Linda asked us if she should have a child and we said, it's not
going to be our problem, so sure, go for it.
And then she did that night.
Well, I don't know that the timing works out so well on that.
Wait, what is it?
Fuck.
Linda.
We got to go ahead.
It's time to party.
Are we going to be pod fathers?
Linda, do you know Boy or Girl?
Oh, that makes things a lot easier on us.
Sorry.
Easy.
Lieutenant.
Could you...
Wait, what's your last name?
Wait, you don't have to say it.
What's your social security number?
It's your Netflix password.
Give us your thumbprint.
Show your thumbprint on paper.
Everyone can do that, right?
Have you considered nature box?
A streamer's chance.
Brand your child.
Early in all of them.
I went through, you don't know how many permutations of when I was trying to name our child, Charlie
the baby.
Hi, Charlie, if you're listening.
In 15 years.
In the future.
If you're younger than 15, turn the fucking show off right now.
Because he's about to tell you where the treasure is buried.
I went...
Also, we just talked about Monster 69, eh?
I went...
Yeah, there's no way.
She's like, ugh, I can't.
We went through every permutation of like, Batman, no, Batman the baby, no, Batman the
baby, Junior McElroy, no, Batman the comic of the movie, no.
Have you thought about Kraken so that every time you let her out of her heart, him out
of his harness or his like crib, you can say, release the Kraken.
Yeah, that's pretty good.
Because when you name a baby, it should be for one easy goof.
I mean, Justin's obvious.
Yeah, it's like, I think we should probably, we've been involved so far.
We kind of have been carrying the load a little, like a lot.
What does Justin mean?
What?
What does it mean?
What does Justin...
How long have you got, man?
You wait till you're 34, you're going to be asking yourself a lot of questions like that.
What does Justin mean?
What did you do?
Oh, fuck me.
Perfect.
Just what you needed.
If you're listening at home, I just ripped off my shirt again and my muscles were even
bigger and they went nuts for it.
Can we combine our names into one totally great name?
What would that sound like?
Boo-shimmy.
None of us have a B.
Or a shim or an E.
Okay.
That always goes by Chaboy, right?
Fair.
Lieutenant Boo-shimmy McElroy.
Lieutenant Boo-shimmy Chaboy McElroy.
Can you tell us an invented last name so we can have something to work with?
Just make it up.
Just make it up.
Whatever.
We'll take it from anybody in the audience.
It's time to put you on the spot.
Everybody promises not to identity theft them.
Come on.
Now, give me a location, give me a location someplace where you might go on a first date.
I have a veterinarian's office.
Okay.
I've heard aerobics.
Okay.
Venet...
Ven...
Ving Rhames Aerobics.
Is that what you're saying?
I was thinking like...
Like J-trigger.
Why?
For the last name or for the first name?
For both.
Okay.
Say it again.
J-trigger.
So it'd have to go back to that J-trigger J-trigger.
I'm Lieutenant J-trigger J-trigger.
Have you picked out his last name yet?
You laugh.
But you can do whatever.
It's 2015.
Yeah.
You can play Calvin Ball.
Let's...
Should we take some audience questions?
Calvin Ball is a great first name.
It's been...
Yeah.
I guess.
Yeah.
We've checked out.
So let's do audience questions.
Can we do one?
Okay.
Here's what we do.
I'm going to read one more and that person comes on stage and that'll be our segue into
audience questions.
You don't have to line up or whatever.
We'll call on you.
Yeah.
No bummers.
Remember, seriously, if you fucking kill this, oof, hypothetically speaking, do you know
who that is?
Are you here?
Come on up.
Someone just got real nervous.
Come on up.
Come on up.
Come on up.
No, no, no, no, no.
They approach in silence.
Everybody just relax.
Just look.
Don't speak.
Don't speak.
Hello.
Okay, here we go.
Hypothetically speaking, this is a fucking really funny question.
This is why I wanted to bring you up.
Hypothetically speaking, would you consider attending the live recording of a podcast,
perhaps one that focused on the alchemy like creation of wisdom, good material for a second
date?
Follow up question.
Absolutely hypothetical.
Do you think it would make a good second impression if I, I mean Jane Doe, submitted a question
about whether or not this second absolutely hypothetical date is a good idea?
Does it make a funny story or a cautionary tale?
And that's from totally not in the audience right now.
The jig, the jig, as they say, is up.
Hey, Debra.
Hey, Debra, should I email the brothers?
They won't like make this completely on blast.
It might be cool.
Right?
Yeah, yeah, that's probably true.
So like, wait, well, I mean, now I have to ask, how's a good one?
You'll have to speak at some point.
He didn't come.
Oh, what the fuck?
What the fuck?
What's his name?
Just first names, please.
For legal issues.
Lieutenant.
Lieutenant.
Well, listen, no, listen, listen, listen.
If he has served in our military forces, I don't think that we can.
They don't legally change your first name to Lieutenant when you join the military.
Yeah, they do.
It's to like.
Lieutenant Dan.
Yes.
It's how they make you part of like the machine or whatever.
So they say private and like 40 guys like, yup.
Well, now it's awkward to say like, yeah, that'd be totally great second date.
To be fair, though, he's still a funny story.
What?
Yeah, I mean, now.
No, it's a great story about fuck that dude.
Yeah.
Just so I'm clear, he did pay though, right?
I mean, he still bought the ticket.
Oh, no.
What the fuck?
I got a mouth to feed.
Okay.
Come here.
So this was literally a hypothetical, okay.
To answer your question, I think it's fine.
One time I went on a second date to see the film, a hundred and twenty seven hours.
I forget how many hours that man was trapped between those rocks.
It was a bunch of hours.
I think it was a hundred and twenty seven hours.
And I actually did throw up in my mouth while I was watching the movie.
And it was like, if you're going to throw up in your mouth, I did it probably as smoothly
as you could do it.
But yeah.
It was like two hours in.
He was like chewing to his own bone veins.
I was like, whoa, hold up.
That's fucked up.
I didn't know you had bone veins.
And homeboy was like going to golden corral on those motherfuckers.
And so I threw up a little bit in my mouth, literally.
I know that's a thing people say.
It can happen to you while you're watching twenty seven hours.
I played it off real smooth, but we didn't see each other again.
Jane, if it makes you feel any better, the first girl I ever actually dated, our first
date was bowling with her family.
Be cool, you guys.
Be cool.
He's coming out for the first time ever.
I didn't even know that.
Our second date was seeing Bridges of Madison County.
Nice.
I spent.
I can top that.
I can top that.
I can top that.
Not a joke.
I spent the what felt to me five hours and thirty minute running time of Bridges Madison
County putting my arm around her.
So literally.
Show me on.
Yeah.
Even even if you had time lapse, it would look like this.
And I mean, literally, this is accelerated, right?
Like like five hours elapsed in about 30 seconds.
She would not.
She would have at the by the fucking time she was swept away by fucking Clint Eastwood.
Spoilers.
OK, sorry.
By the time the credits rolled, she would have sworn with her hand on the Bible that
my hand had always been on her shoulder.
That was the speed at which has always been there, will always be Justin's hand.
I think it was there when I was.
There was moss connecting your hand and shoulder.
There was went on a first date to see the notebook.
OK.
And I know fresh.
I left like a baby.
Yeah.
And she did not.
All right.
And I chose to never see her again because she was a robot.
Bounces off you first date.
I went on with this with a young lady.
We were in Godfuck like middle school.
And it was also my first date ever.
We went to see the Prince of Egypt.
The animated movie with Johnny Osmond.
I learned for these to get you laid.
So I guess what we're saying, Jane, is did that help?
We're saying you could have fucked up so much worse.
This was like.
Yeah.
This was.
Yeah.
He didn't deserve you.
Yeah.
You're way better than that.
If any single men are out there.
Don't fucking do that.
That's not going to fucking turn our podcast into Grinder.
Thank you, Jane, so much for joining us.
You want to get some people up here?
Yeah.
All right.
Let's take another question from the audience.
Raise your hand if you have a question.
Not a bummer at all.
Let's get Drew up here first because like we owe him our lives.
Yeah.
Drew.
I like when Drew comes on stage because it puts us in scale.
He's a big guy.
God, look at you.
He's a giant of a man.
Strong like a bull.
Look at that.
He's standing.
He isn't even on the stage right now.
He's standing on the steps.
And he's still six times stronger than I am.
Griffin, go stand next to him.
No, I don't want to do that.
No, I have to pee like so fucking bad if I stand up.
The show's over.
Go ahead.
A little behind the scenes.
I have a question that probably only you three and one other person can answer.
Okay.
Who's gaslighting me?
Someone in this room.
Gaslighting Drew.
I saw a hand move.
Are you doing it?
No.
That was very suspicious.
It was very suspicious.
It was very shifty, madam.
Somebody wrote Drew Davenport a very sweet message that we read a lot on the show, realizing
as we read it that it was a sweet message to Drew Davenport.
I don't know if you know this.
I get a lot of emails, Yahoo submissions, hand of God from people to the Mabim Bam email
account with Yahoo submissions with the name Drew Davenport, but it's not you.
There are false prophets among us that create Gmail shits like Drew hyphen Davenport.
I'm like, that ain't it.
That's not the legit email address.
You have a lot of impersonators, but I know the true flavor.
Drew, how do you feel being gaslighted?
Gaslit I think.
Gaslit?
Gas hung.
At first it was like, oh, that's so sweet.
I was really excited.
And then it started to grow.
Yeah.
Someone should have came forward at some point and it never happened.
Should we just tell them?
Is it getting like, do you find a dead bird in your car or something?
No, just a lot of notes, like I'm watching, I don't know.
You scared the shit out of me.
Man, I feel like this show has done at least a little bit of good for a few people out
there in the world, but if you got murdered, it would cancel all that out I think.
Drew, let's just say there's a very good, there's a very good reason we're doing this
show at the Masonic Lodge.
Was it the tip?
I can't say anything, but yes.
If you're listening at home, we are not making triangles with our fingers.
Where are my people at?
I know some of you are out there.
We'll edit this out, right Grimmon?
Yes.
Yeah.
We'll edit out the shapes in our hands made from the audio recording.
Drew, I'm so sorry that we've brought to light all of your stalkers.
But can I tell you, you fucking love it.
Sorry.
Love that shit.
Sorry we ruined your life.
Drew Davenport, everybody.
Yeah.
Who's next?
I saw that hand go up first.
Yep.
Come on up with the sweet vest.
Are you not cold?
It's not a very protective vest from the elements.
So I'm here with my girlfriend.
What's your name?
My name's Kenji.
Kenji.
How's it going?
Going good.
So I'm here with my girlfriend.
Hi.
Yo.
And the question I have is, my ex will not leave me alone to the point that it's actually
kind of like really bad and dangerous and it's actually affecting our relationship now.
Kenji, I just want to stop you one second.
Yeah?
You are on a fucking razor's edge, my friend.
If you take us into Bummer Town- Not literally, don't look behind you, Kenji.
Not literally.
Well, I thought you meant like the edge of the-
Just pull it off of that.
You gotta-
She's a downer.
Come on, man.
She's a downer.
Listen to your girlfriend, Kenji.
She saved it.
Congratulations.
Okay.
Do you want us to get rid of her?
Is that what it would've been?
Does she listen?
We have a particular set of skills, but it's boner jokes.
There's one thing we're good at, it's ruining relationships.
Let Kenji- We don't even need to be here anymore.
Let Kenji finish for once.
Sorry, Kenji.
Sorry, Kenji, every time.
No, the question I have is, what can I do to get the ex to stop?
How tied are you to Hollywood?
Because I want her to stop.
I have asked her to stop, and she won't.
You can go my route and gain like 50 pounds.
Is it really?
It was that funny?
Kenji and-
Kelsey.
Kelsey.
Cool.
Kelsey and Kenji.
You guys are doing so good together.
Yeah, by the way, that's amazing.
You guys locked it down.
Just pretend like it's a debt collector and pretend like it doesn't exist.
Yeah.
Is that not what you do?
It's what I have traditionally done.
What effect does she- She has no effect.
She can do all she wants.
She can put forth all the energy she wants.
Unless she's putting dead rabbits into stews, you got nothing to do.
Dead rabbits into stews?
That's where they fucking go.
I want to know.
What are you fucking talking about?
Unless she's like cutting up potatoes and putting it in soup.
Unless she's like cutting up meat and seasoning it and putting it on grills, like fucking
ignore her.
Well, I mean-
Is she working a restaurant?
What's she doing?
Also, have you guys ever had to deal with a situation like that?
Just like a crazy ex that won't leave you alone.
Like a crazy ex that won't leave you alone.
With a woman being obsessed with us?
Look at me, Kenji.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Oh, man.
How many times?
At Prince of Egypt date, she was like, come on, we got to go see Exodus.
It's like, it's been like 21 years.
I love the way you cry in the notebook.
Let it go.
Let it go.
It's like Prince of Egypt, but not animated and Donnie Osmond's not in it.
Like what's the fucking point?
I saw a preview for a NBC special for the New Testament, a mini series coming up.
Talk about yourself, Kenji.
Just one second, Kenji.
And the opening of the trailer said, from the producers of the Bible.
I was like, I'm so glad that fool wrote something else.
It's like Harper Lee coming back and writing again.
The Bible was so good, but like, what's next?
So Kenji, seriously, have you been straight up with this girl and said like, we're done.
Like I couldn't be less interested in you.
Did you tell her we broke up six months ago, get the net?
I don't even have a gun.
It's been off for a while now and she says, yeah.
If you've been clear and you've been straightforward, you've literally done all you can do except
for like a legal restraining order.
I've tried to be nice with her.
I've tried to be civil, you know.
Restraining order.
Yeah.
Did she give you a gun rack?
We just did that one.
We did that joke.
I'm just going to fucking keep doing it until you stop laughing.
Don't laugh at this.
I don't even own a gun.
We literally said that.
We fucking literally just said that.
Remember when I simultaneously said, Hennessy P. Jones over there.
That's a great baby name.
We had a- Hennessy P. Jones, we found it.
We had a meeting with a business person today for business and we all remarked to each other
that sincerely in our heart of hearts, we were disappointed that the meeting didn't
end with the person saying, and I have a cashier's check here for $5,000 each.
So yeah, if you've been clear and you've done all you can do, legal, go legal.
That's why laws exist, dog.
Not just to like fuck you over because you parked your car in a place where it wasn't
supposed to be or whatever.
I know that's like 99% of our exposure to the man, but sometimes it'll get you out of
a pickle.
Thank you, Kenji.
Say thank you, Kenji.
Thank you.
One more.
Let's go a little bit deeper.
Are there any ladies here that would like our advice?
We just did two dudes.
I see a lady right there.
Right there.
Yes.
Come on up.
You wooed.
Give her a round of applause.
And might I say sweet t-shirt.
That is a nice t-shirt.
I'd love to buy one of those in the lobby.
Yeah.
Go out there.
They're for sale.
Travis's wife will sell you one.
Don't be weird to her though.
Don't be weird.
Be cool.
Can you give me one name?
What's your name and what's your question?
My name is Jolene.
Jolene?
Talking to the microphone, Jolene.
Yeah.
Don't be scared.
Jolene, can I ask you a question?
Are you sick of that song or is that song your fucking jam?
Which one?
There's like nine of them.
What?
Jolene Lamontagne's like, hold up, I got a good song name too.
Like do you?
Because Dolly Parton like took it.
You cannot beat that fucking DP joint.
I get the Dolly Parton one all the time.
Okay.
It's only because it's like the best song ever.
But go ahead.
Hey Jolene, just between you and I, if you don't talk into the microphone, people can't
hear you.
Yeah.
Okay.
There we go.
That's better.
What's up?
So my husband who is here, he has become like completely addicted to like board games and
could play them 24-7.
Sure.
Really glad you said board games.
There are a bunch of different avenues that could have gone down that would've been awful.
That's really the best one.
He's become really addicted to murdering.
For crack.
He murders people to take the crack away from the people who have all the crack.
What do I do?
Okay.
Board games.
Go on.
Okay.
Board games.
And remember, just like get really close to that mic.
He could play them like 24-7 with his friends all the time.
I could play them maybe 24 minutes every other week.
But he says, well, why don't we do some of your hobbies?
I don't have any hobbies.
I don't know what I like.
And you establish that among the things you like, Catan, not one of them.
Not great.
Not great.
So what are some good hobbies to do?
If I may, let me ask you this.
And feel free not to answer or to give a range.
How old are you?
I'm 24.
Great.
The world is so literally going for people to be younger than 30, but go on.
I think a cool hobby would be staying up until 11 o'clock.
The greatest opportunity you have, I assume you live in Los Angeles?
No, we're from Utah.
Oh, I'm done.
No, fuck off.
Fuck off.
West Virginia guy.
Hey, we're big time now.
Yeah.
No, but like in any city, there are like classes offered anywhere.
So like if you're like, I kind of like to cook, wait, take a cooking class.
If you're like, I kind of like movies, take a film class.
You're a millionaire, right?
That can afford to buy like cooking classes.
Yes, because every class costs $20,000.
We also, we don't like people and stuff, so we wouldn't like go out to find-
It's 2015, nobody likes people.
Can I ask you a question?
If you were to play a board game with just the two of you, would you enjoy that?
Or is it just like, because like my wife, God love her, she doesn't enjoy board games.
Like almost to a point where I feel like it's intentional, like because she knows how much
joy brings me, she wants to deprive me of it.
You guys don't know who his wife is, right?
So this is totally cool.
This is fine if you bad mouth her.
She didn't know.
I love the woman very dearly.
She gave me my child, my world, my everything.
She doesn't like board games.
One time my wife beat me at Settlers of Bataan and then we stopped playing board games together.
You're a very big person.
You gotta, can you find, what?
Can you give us anything?
Can you give us anything?
What do you like even if you don't think it's a hobby?
What do you like?
We like- No, what do you like?
What do you like?
This is about you now.
I like podcasts.
Ignore all these people.
You like podcasts.
Podcasts.
Podcasts are not a very good shared experience.
No, it's not.
Let's sit here and just not talk for an hour.
Hey, did you, listen, shut up.
Make your own podcast.
Yeah, it's easy.
I've been wanting to do that forever, but he doesn't think we have anything to talk about.
Listen, can I throw it out?
Board games.
Why are you laughing?
This is serious.
Do a podcast in which he loves board games and you do not, and it's about him trying
to sell you.
Yeah, that's going to be really compelling.
I really like Catan because it's like every time it's different because the hexes are
always shoved.
Fuck this.
Can I just say, I would listen to that.
I would listen to a show of somebody describing how cool Catan is and somebody making wet
fart noises.
I would do that.
That's the most successful podcast.
That is serial two Catan wet fart sounds.
I really like it because it's like different strategies every time you go for longest road,
biggest army.
Why isn't this digital?
Boo.
That'd be good.
Yeah.
So there you go.
We did it.
We did it.
Another one for the brothers.
Thank you.
I think that's a wrap up.
Yeah.
Listen, folks, thank you so much for having us here at the Masonic Lodge, the beautiful
Hollywood Forever Cemetery.
They have been fucking excellent.
They've been super, super great.
Big round of applause for them.
Yeah.
If you haven't had a chance, just like walk around and look at all of the things they
have here, because they have a lot of really great things, especially at night and let
them lock the gate while you're still here and just live here.
We want to thank Maximum of Fun dot org, a podcast network that we were proud members
of.
They have great shows like Oh No, Ross and Carrie, Bunker Buddies, Saw Bones, and I'm
a fan.
I think we should try Bunker Buddies again.
The Adventure Zone is another one.
Are there other Macroid podcasts?
There are other Macroid family podcasts.
Jordan and Jessica, Judge John Hodgson, RISC, The Memory Palace.
Flop House.
The Flop House.
Yes.
Try and get a video project on Kickstarter.
Brian Lindsay will totally eat that.
Go kickstart that.
It is a full podcast, Cornucopia, and we are so proud to be a part of their vast family.
So yeah, but above all else, thank you guys for coming.
Thank you.
You guys have been a wonderful audience.
Our closer is going to be coming on immediately after we finish the show.
I hope you're as kind to them as you have been to us.
Yeah.
They're super nervous to get out here.
You guys have been so cool.
I'm going to run to the bathroom.
Are you guys ready?
I mean, are you really going to go?
You better fucking hurry.
Yeah, yeah.
You don't want to miss a minute.
I'm going to stand up and just like sprint full speed as soon as I read this final Yahoo.
But I have to pee too.
Nobody go to the bathroom.
Seriously, stay.
Stay completely still.
Stay seated.
Let Griffin run to the bathroom.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
Thank you, Drew.
Woo.
It's by Yahoo Answers user baby who asks, any good websites I can meet human sugar daddies?
Not the candy, but men's sugar daddies.
Got to say, I'm Joe.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's me, my brother, my brother, my kids are not square on the left.
What's up?
My name is Jasper Redd, co-host of the Goose Down, along with the lovely Kimberly Clark,
and we want to invite you into the comfort and groove of our podcast that encompasses
the arts and entertainment.
You can check us out at Maximalfun.org, also available on iTunes.
See ya.
