The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome my brother, my brother and me. We have an exciting
opening plan for you. For the first time in history, we're going to be attempting our first
interactive choose your own opening. We have three different selections on tap for you today.
One is, this is our hundredth Max Fun show. Second is X Games.
That one's mine and it's going to be the best.
Third is Arnani's birthday is today. So we have three options. If you look underneath your chair
or car, look underneath your jogging pants. Don't get in there. Don't get in there in your butt.
You should find a three tiered sort of button knob dial that you can turn to whichever choice
you like. So go ahead and do that now and we'll see how those please be careful. You can also
text. I like number two and number every five five. If you text that to everyone, you know,
then that will I'm sure we're in your phone somewhere. Uh huh. And if not, it'll phone
tree back to us. Happy happy. So I'm looking at the results coming in here. Happy birthday,
Nani. Happy Max Fun birthday. But it looks like the winner is X Games. All right. So here we go.
Well, okay. Welcome, my brother, my brother, me, the X Games of comedy. I'm your host,
Super Spike, Justin McElroy. And I'm your Middle East host, Sean White. I am your baby host. I'm
Tony Hawk is the only one I know, guys. I'm sorry. It's the only one I know. It's the only one.
Get out of here, old man. Get out of here, old man. Me and Sean White are trying to carve up
some snow. Do you guys have any comedy stunts planned for your X Games episode? I was going
to a snowboard off of Bob Newhart's face. I was trying to I was going to try to do a 900 rotation
off of a half pipe. But what that is, is that it rotates towards did what is what he just said
racist. And then now I don't think it's racist. I think it is. And then I think it is. And then I
think it is. And I think it is. And then I land it. It's a slalom. No, it's a slalom. It's a I'm
turning in the air, vacillating between if what I just said was racist or not. So go ahead and do
that. Okay. Hey, gringos. That one I feel like you I feel like you botched that pretty much. No,
wait. Let me try it. No, I didn't do it right. Let me try it. Hey, gringos. I'm going to Harvard.
Oh, wow. You see what that just did there? I just turned it. I turned the perception in back on
itself. I'm gonna I'm gonna say I'm gonna try to say the word pussy, but I'm gonna make it last
for a whole minute. Don't stop. Don't give up. I'll tell you what you can give up. Can you like
keep going over me? We're gonna start right now. I keep doing the show over me. Oh, I thought you
wanted to like barbershop quartet. Why would I ever want that? How am I supposed to succeed if
my fucking crew team is acting up? I can't I'm not rowing the comedy boat. I'm trying to do fucking
long form endurance comedy sports and you guys are trying to do short term shit on top of it.
And I'm sticking. I'm trying to train for years. I'm trying to break the record for longest on
screen kiss here. Oh, my record just got stolen by the batch guys. And now I got to take it back.
Can we I know you know what we're gonna talk about the bachelor because I have no other way to do
this. In the latest episode, one of the dates was they went to the Guinness Book of World Records,
which first off cool day. And second off, they made them break the record for longest on screen
kiss, which was like three minutes and 15 seconds. Really? I had to watch the and they didn't cut
away. They did like window and window. So like you could watch it happen the whole time. I watched
two motherfuck ABC made me watch two motherfuckers put their mouths together for three minutes and
16 seconds. And it was the least erotic thing I've ever seen in my entire life. Yeah. Wait,
what held the record before that? I don't know. But it's torture born hostile for I don't know
what it was because it was fucking when you think about like all the all the spit in their mouths
when they started like one and a half minutes in like surely we're almost done because my mouth
has become a vault of spit. And then they look actually halfway through. It's a medical fact
that after you kiss someone for 316 seconds, or three minutes and 16 seconds, you become a match
for organ donors. Oh, God. It was true. It was rough stuff. It looks like the previous record
holder was from a movie called Elena Undone, in which two women kiss for three minutes and and
15 seconds. Yeah. Let me just update my Netflix queue. So as you've certainly guessed right now,
this is an advice show where we comedy and you can give us questions or and give us a questions at
mbnbam at maximum fun.org. We also take questions from the Yahoo News answer service. And we take
those and we make fun of those too. So you never know, kind of grab bag here on the show. So let's
grab a bag. Let's grab a bag and thump this melon. I have a little social media problem.
All of my profile pictures are either years old or non existent. And I don't have any recent
pictures of myself that I really like. I was planning on having someone take a good professional
looking picture of myself and using that on my profile pic of everything. But now I think that
might be a lazy solution. Someone who looks me up on each site would just see the same picture over
and over again. Should I take the effort to make more pictures of various settings or focus my
energy into one really good picture? And that's from out of focus on Facebook. And that's and
that's from a non-existing question in 10 years. Yeah, that that is a really good question. I
think. Is it? It is. It's the best question. It's the best question. Travis, you don't understand
because you you are in the theater. You have you have a built in apparatus for having pictures of
your face on hand up to date 24 sev. Justin, I don't Justin, I don't have that. People don't take
people just don't take pictures of me and Justin. They really don't. They can't find me. Sorry,
paparazzo. But but here's the thing, though. It seems to me like it would be beneficial because
you're building a brand. And if you have the same picture on everything, but it's identifiable.
It's like those people that like signed up in like 1997 for like a really super weird email
address and are still using it. I went easy just to have their own name. And then when someone's
like, I want your email and you're like, it's Chewbacca fan 72. Thank you for considering it.
You for considering people like, oh, man, that's a fucking great email. How'd you land Chewbacca
fan 72? I think it's so unfair to have this conversation with a person in the family, right?
Because you have people have an infinite supply. Why does it sound like you're vomiting when you
say pictures of them and like dope costumes and armor and sword fighting and fire and beautiful
ladies and explosions and shit. It's not me. If you took a picture of me at my job, you know,
it looks like it looks like if I had a toilet or me, I'd be pooping all day. Like hold on. Hold on.
Let me ask you a question real quick. Do you think I work for Cirque du Soleil? Yeah, I think you're
one of those those bendy orgy loving frogs. That's what I think. But see, in the theater,
we do have these things called headshots. And it basically is the idea of one picture
that you use for everything. But that but we are constant like Griffin and I, we are in a job where
if you try to like you do have to kind of treat yourself like an entity, like a brand that you
are selling. But also the moment you are actually doing that, you're the pits. You're the worst.
Yeah. Right. So you gotta pretend you're stumbling into a great picture. You need to get and promote
headshots, but with a level of discretion that is not required in theater. In fact, it's kind of
frowned upon, I would say. Right. So I think that there's a market for this for us to capitalize.
Whatever happened to like, whatever happened to the industry of like Ma and Pa photo companies,
where you like go and you get their homecoming pictures? Does that still happen? Yeah, what's
going on here? I guess. Really? Johnson's is still going strong. It's a simpler time. Let me suggest
this. Next time you're hanging out with a bunch of friends, say, hold on, guys, I've got one other
great friend I want to invite. His name is a popular photographer, Ricky Phillips. And then
Ricky Phillips shows up and he's like, discreetly taking headshots of you with friends. So it looks
like you were just hanging out cash. But really, he brings lighting. He snaps a great, great picture.
He is gonna need to thread a needle in order for this to be as discreet as we need it to be.
It's gonna, he's gonna have to roll up and be like, yo, what up, Michael? Hey, buddy. Haven't
seen you since the funeral. Let's set up these lighting cones. So my photosynthesis will kick
off because that's how I eat. I have a disease. Photosynthesis. I got a camera. Justin, Justin
got me a camera for Jesus' birthday. And like, I bring it around to stuff now in Austin. Like
anytime we have events, I'll bring it around and snap some great JPEGs of people's faces.
But I can't like hand it off to somebody and be like, hey, can you hold this? And man, if you
wanted to snap a JPEG of the G-Man, I would not hate it. You know, I would not hate you for it.
Just make sure, you know- It seems to me like this is like quantum physics. Like as soon as
it becomes observed, it's pointless. Well, right. You just gotta leave the camera on the ground
and like just walk away from it. And then just walk away. My wife has seen me in the worst,
like most compromising positions of my life. But if we are at a public event and I'm taking
pictures of like her and people in the event, there is no shame greater than looking her in
the eyes and saying, hey, can you take the camera for a while so I can be in some of the pictures?
Like people know that I was here too. I'm 32 goddamn years old. That can't be that way. That's
why there's no videos. If you were a dad born before 1980, there's no video of you. You probably
don't exist. Right. You're just a voice in the background saying, no, don't eat that.
Don't. And then what sucks the most is when you take all these great JPEGs of people's
beautiful faces. And we're talking like three megabyte files. We're talking big. We're talking
potential billboards. And then they pull out through like Nokia 9700. And they're like,
let me snap you now. And it's like, oh, fucking great. Cause I've always wanted a picture of me.
That was exactly three pixels. Just a two tan pixels on top of a brown. That looks like something
you'd make on Mario paint. That's fantastic. Thank you. You're worrying about your aperture
and your shutter speed. Do you even know about the rule of thirds? And they're just like,
oh, I forgot to turn on the flash. Yeah. It's like, oh, hold on. I've got a snake game. I
need to finish up. Have you been snapping a lot of JPEGs? Are you putting those on Facebook?
I'm putting them on the book. Yeah. And people love them. And like there there's a thrill that
goes along with like uploading a bunch of JPEGs and then just like bouncing for the day. Maybe
you don't use the internet. Maybe you get some farming done and then you come back and there's
like 40 notifications of people. Like I fucking love the way I look in this picture. It's like,
yeah, it's because you look great. And this photo is great. Now where's, oh, where let me go. Let
me lose. Let me get me on the book. Get me into my zone. My Facebook profile picture is like me
in like a senior in high school, like a shitty beard. And I probably still have braces.
I don't know. I don't know. Like it's not, I don't know how to use my picture at all.
I'm looking at your picture. Well, let me ask you that. I think we've talked before about like,
what makes a good Facebook picture? What makes a good Twitter profile picture?
I think it's good if you have like a little,
like half of a word balloon in the picture. So it looks like you're saying the thing that
you're tweeting. That's like that. It's got to be, it's got to represent who you are. Like
it's got, for me, it's gotta be, it's gotta be funny. Like maybe I'm wearing like a loud shirt
and I'm sort of shrugging like, I don't know. I like it when it looks like when it's in a small
version, like it's new to me, but then you click on it and it's just like a really close up of
your nose or something. Oh, that's how they get you. That's how YouTube, that's how YouTube gets
you. That's how you got to expand your YouTube profile is like a split second clip of like
something that looks like a butt, but then they click it and they watch it and it's your elbows
and you, they got you. They got your view. That's how, that's how you get them on Facebook. That's
how you expand your profile. That's how Brento Flores got all his views. He just puts lots of
pictures of his elbows up there. You put your elbows on there and maybe your elbows have nipples.
Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Maybe you've glued nipples onto your elbows. Now that may not
work so well on Facebook when like Yunani is scrolling around and then she sees your name
next to a profile picture that looks like boobs or a butt. And then she's like, I don't, why is
this, she'll click it though. It's human nature. It's biology. It's physiology. You got to know
what's up with that butt. I will take pictures of anyone for, if you need, if you need your face
on, if you need a new face picture, then I will get that for you. If you want to tasteful. I tried
it at holidays when Griffin first got his camera. I got some great JPEGs of you. They're not super
in focus though. And that's really important. You dick. I don't want to be a monster. I don't want
to be that guy. There's a really great picture of you where you look like Jamie Lee Curtis from
that scene in true lies. That was a good picture. I don't know how you did that with lighting and
smoke and stuff, but it looked great. Hey, do you have a Yahoo question answer? This Yahoo answer
was sent in by Layla. Oh, thank you, Layla. It's by Yahoo answers user Farrah who asks,
should I be worried if my girlfriend posted a twerking video on Facebook?
Okay. My girlfriend and her best friend, they both posted a twerking video on Facebook and
agreed to delete it after one hour. She used to be the girl who cheated and never settled down.
Now since she's with me, she changed and settled down, but yet it's only been around three months
together. She can go back anytime. Wow. Should I tell her not to do it or should I just let her?
Wow. That was a fucking rough one, guys. I am going to very quickly-
Don't Google twerking. No, don't. You'll betray the company.
I'll just tell you what it is. Travis? What is it?
Okay. You know when she pops the booty and then she does a booty shake and in your head,
all you hear is booty, booty, booty, booty, booty, booty like in the hit song?
Uh-huh. That is twerking and it shakes really
faster. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how anybody does that,
but that's what twerking is. Are you sure?
Yeah. It's that fast butt shake where you're squatting down on the ground and you're twerking
it. I've not heard a more incongruous word to dance action, I think, in my life. When you hear
crumping, you think, well, that just sounds like somebody violently flailing. I'm like,
yep, that's pretty much it. Nailed it.
Twerking it, it sounds like a... I don't know. It sounds like a fun... It sounds like it could be
like a kid's thing, like the jerk, but for kids. I put a twerking gif in the Skype chat,
if you guys want to just check that out. It sounds like a tiny adjustment you make
to some kind of bubble gum machine. Why would you put this in front of me?
You guys have a visual reference to what twerking is.
I thought you wanted it. Oh, goodness. Oh, goodness.
I don't know how this woman is doing this. It's mesmerizing.
Yeah. I don't know how she's managing to- It's got to be wires, maybe pneumatics.
Yeah. This is like seeing the Matrix for the first time, but each butt shake is twerking
independently of the other. It's amazing. This gif was actually made by the Wachowski brothers.
They look like they're having a really terrible argument with each other.
No, I like Bush. No, I like Kerry. We are on opposite sides of the political spectrum,
and also a butt crack. I have to close it.
Oh, I barely pulled myself away from it. I know. Let's... Oh, my God.
The podcast is canceled. It hypnotized me, and now I'm going to kill
the president. It Manchurian-candidated me. This twerking butt Manchurian-candidated me,
and I did not sign up for this when I Google image search twerking.
But call it rump bumping. Call it-
Rump bumping?
Call it that jiggling or something, like the jiggle jig or something like that,
like something that is more representative.
I mean, you're talking about hip hop dance lingo that has a word for when you
finish on girl's back and then stick a sheet to it.
No, that's... No, one 14-year-old rapper saying that word in one of his songs does not make it
a cultural thing. Touchstone?
No. I guess it's not actually technically a dance move either.
No, God, I hope not. It would require... That would require some
pretty crazy muscle control in order to do that rhythmically.
Yeah, or just really amazing timing. I've got to get to the club now.
Oh, man. I was going to say that funny thing you said, but then you said it, so I was like,
well, this one goes to Trav. Thank you.
Game, set, match. Game, set, match.
Hey, man, where's Tony? Oh, his boss made him twerk late.
Everybody's twerking for the win.
You know what my favorite Fred Savage sitcom was twerking?
That one was a little on the nose.
What? Let me try again.
Okay. I'm trying again.
You don't have to be crazy to twerk here, but it helps.
Okay, that's not bad.
What's up with this guy, though, whose girlfriend posted a twerking video on Facebook?
It's hard for us to throw any shade at this person because we just talked about that.
We just talked about how you had to expand your social media profile,
any which way, any which way, but loose.
And there's nothing loose about twerking it.
Now you got to keep it tight.
And it's so hard too because you, and I can sympathize with this,
you spend so much time honing this skill of twerking and you want to share it.
You don't want to keep your light under a bushel.
You want to show everybody how you do.
You want to show them how you twerk.
And I don't think it's right as a boyfriend to sort of limit your art that way.
Yeah, that's true. That's a good point.
Especially when she's only putting it up for an hour.
Just an hour.
Now that-
In the great span of the universe, she's only going to be visibly twerking for a blink of an eye.
That is an excellent point, Travis.
I do, however, why is she putting it up for an hour?
This is what I, for a limited engagement in select theaters.
Select theaters.
You know, I really-
Sunday's Sunday for one hour only.
I really wanted to watch Farrah's girlfriend twerking on Facebook,
but it didn't come to my city, which is a real shame.
I hear it's got a real, it's getting, picking up a lot of Oscar buzz.
I got the, I got the time zones maxed up.
I thought it was at four Eastern, but it was at four standard and I missed it.
Four standard.
Now is that a different time zone than Eastern in standard time?
Central, I meant to say central.
Fuck. Damn it.
Podcast is canceled.
Nice job, podcast.
Now, Justin, you've been quiet for a while.
I'm going to guess you've been Googling either the word twerking
or maybe things with work in the titles that you can say twerk inside of.
No, no.
No?
No.
What were you going to say, Justin?
I just want to say twerking not to fuck, that's no way to make a living, right?
Okay.
This girl should look into Snapchat.
What's that?
That's a new thing that teens are doing.
I don't-
Where it's a self-destructing photo or short clip.
It's chat that you do with your friends, but the picture doesn't remain.
Oh, thank God.
A lot of people are saying, a lot of folks are saying, hey, this is May for sexting.
Yeah.
There is literally no other purpose for this.
They are saying that only because that is exactly right and it's the only thing it's
designed for.
Yeah, it's a good thing.
Is it made out of special vampire glass that you also can't take a picture of the temporary
picture?
Fucking get it together, people.
I figured it out in 35 seconds and teens, this is all they think about.
All the teens think about is way to see dicks and boobs and butts and vaginas.
They will figure it out in four seconds.
Is it possible that Snapchat was created for pirate maps?
Wait a minute.
You don't want everyone to be able to find your hidden gold.
You want it to self-destruct.
You just want your friend Brenda to be able to find-
Brenda the pirate.
Your booty.
This could be-
I mean, either way, you're helping somebody find your booty.
I mean, no matter what you're using Snapchat for, it's booty-centric.
National Treasure 3, Legend of Curly's Gold wherein Curly is the nickname for Benjamin
Franklin and then Nick Cage-
Because he had a hooked wiener.
Right, like a pigtail and then Nick Cage-
Keep turning, I'm not in.
Nicholas Cage-
Sit and spin, please, or it's very painful.
Nick Cage pours lemon juice and heats up an old parchment of Ben Franklin's and very quickly
an animated GIF of Ben Franklin twerking it appears and then disappears.
Inside of that twerking, it was Morse code.
What does it say?
The Constitution.
The end.
Then we learned that our greatest gift is freedom.
The freedom to twerk it as we choose, as we like.
Nick Cage-
When Ben Franklin opens a bottle of wine, that's pretty much the end of the party.
You know once he gets to that point and he's corkscrewing it, then it's time for everybody
to go home.
Oh, you're talking about with his dick still.
With his dick.
I already forgot the fiction we established.
Well, let's rebuild the fiction.
Okay, sorry.
That's it.
The thing about wine.
Okay.
Yeah, I said, I thought earlier, but I didn't want to step on your toes there when you were
saying something not as funny as opening a wine bottle with his dick.
I see.
So it's a new kind of competitive collaboration.
It's like American Gladiators now.
We're working together, but we're working against the American Gladiators of-
Our listeners.
We're actively working against our listeners.
We're trying to destroy them from the inside out.
Let's do another question.
Much like Ben Franklin having sex with a woman.
Okay.
Okay.
All right now.
That would be rough though.
It would be pretty brutal.
But God, think about how smart he'd be after.
Why?
He would like be having sex with you and then he'd whisper in your ear like, quad vocals.
And you'd be like, oh my God, DaVinci coded.
He would drop a, what are those things called?
They're like good advice.
What are they called?
It's got like a whole book of them.
Twerk?
Poor Richards.
The poor Richards Almanac.
He would like lean in and be like, it's super good to get
boned by a corkscrew penis.
And then you'd be like, I didn't even think about it that way, but that's-
So poor Richards would help them forget about his poor dick.
Right.
That's what you're saying.
He's awesome dick.
No, cause like poor-
Next question.
I like to stay current and I spend a lot of free time getting up on the latest in politics,
movies, music, viral videos, et cetera.
So when a friend of mine sends me a music video or a clip of some dumb shit Bill O'Reilly said,
chances are I've already heard about it.
How can I tell them that without sounding like a pretentious douche?
Impossible.
Impossible.
That's from 2hip in Texas.
Yes. The answer is you cannot.
Nope.
Nope.
Here's the skill you need to learn.
Pretending.
Let me give you it.
Let me give you it one step deeper.
Cause everybody, if you exist on the internet and the very fact that you're
listening to this podcast suggests that you do.
Everybody knows everything about the pop culture.
Like everybody already knows everything and that person who's even telling you that shit,
they even know that you know about it already.
It's like an established social courtesy.
It's like a handshake.
It's like, I'm going to tell you this thing you already know and I'm going to see whether,
how good you do at pretending that you don't know about it.
Or here's, here's the solution.
What's that?
It's the agreement.
When they're like, check out this awesome video.
You go, I know, right?
It's awesome.
Like you don't have to go.
Oh, I've seen it.
I'm really happy for internet because I feel like if I didn't have internet,
I would be hurdling towards just sort of like old age obscurity, like not knowing what's going on.
But I feel like I have this tool now where I'm just like, in like no time in history before,
I'm just like clinging to the side of the youth comment.
Like I, you cannot shake me.
You are.
I will continue to know what's going on.
You are.
I will not become relevant.
You are a koala bear clinging to the eucalyptus tree of youth.
Yes.
You cannot get the eucalyptus tree.
That's me.
I'm just clinging to the side with my stubby little claws.
Let me give you one word that will fix your whole problem, 2hip.
Here's the one rude response.
You ready?
Classic.
This means two things.
One, this video you show me is new and it will go down in my classic archive of classic comedy bits.
To you, it means classic.
One I've seen many times, but I'm happy you're reminded of.
You have just been honest and lied with one word.
Classic.
May I just counter-argument?
That is actually the douchiest thing you could possibly say.
Classic.
Oh, classic bit.
Oh, classic.
That is classic internet right there.
Gangnam style?
That is quintessential.
Gotta have Gangnam style.
Okay, first off, 2013, can we stop with douche?
Can we let it go?
You know, in the film Premium Rush, Detective Monday,
when he's chasing Wiley, the Joseph Gordon-Levitt character on the bike.
I am gonna die.
He says, I can't believe you can just say douche on TV anymore.
I think that's really offensive.
Kids could be listening.
I was watching the movie and of course rooting against his character
because he's trying to get the envelope from Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
I'm gonna be dead.
But I was thinking that's true.
We should let douche go.
I think we're done with douche right now.
I think douche has gone around and eaten its own tail and now-
Oh, gross!
Fuck!
Can we instead, can we substitute for douche, can we just say Premium Rush instead?
Yeah, oh god.
This guy's a real fucking Premium Rush,
pretending that he hasn't seen Gangnam style.
Okay, but there is a point though, as you pointed out with Gangnam style,
where it's like when your friend goes, oh my god, have you seen this video?
It's of a baby panda sneezing.
Where you can go, yes, of course I've seen it.
That was the first video on the internet, you fucking Premium Rush.
What does that do though?
This is what I'm saying to you.
Telling the truth in that situation gets you nothing.
No, I disagree because here's what you're doing.
You're saving that same friend from going around to all of his other friends
and being like, check out this awesome video I found.
So this music video is called Gangnam style.
This is exactly my point.
People always try to say this when they're talking about correcting people.
Like, well, if I correct them, then they won't do it.
Not true, not true because they are going to resent you
for being the one that corrects them.
If you don't correct them, they'll resent the next person.
You get to maintain your relationship.
You can create a safe space for them to be wrong in, is what I'm saying.
If one of my friends came in and was like, hey, have you seen this movie, The Godfather?
I just checked it out.
It's pretty good.
I think you should watch it.
It's a little indie film from, I believe, the 60s.
Then I want to be able to tell that.
It's also possible your friend's been in a coma for 30 years.
I want to be able to tell that friend like, hey, bud.
Hey, Awakenings.
Hey, bud.
You know you're my bud, right?
But that's what you just said was so whack.
And if you say that in front of people that don't love you like I love you,
then you're going to get in a spot of trouble.
Have you guys seen this Premium Rush movie?
Hey, friendo.
Friendo, you need to lock that up, okay?
I love you like a brother.
There are people out there who don't.
They're rooting against you.
Everyone wants you to fail.
I'm in your corner, Awakenings.
Awakenings, I want to teach you about culture as it is today.
That's the hardest part.
That's the least believable part about watching Homeland is this cat.
The lead cat has been in prison for eight years and then gets back in 2012.
The idea that anyone could be separated from this culture for eight years
and then live for more than a week after is insane to me.
You basically become the old guy from Shawshank Redemption when that happens.
Yeah, you work at the grocery store, but you still have to ask to use the bathroom.
At one point he says, have you seen this video on YouTube?
And I'm like, oh my God, you would never be able to catch up.
You would just sit in front of the computer.
I mean, I do that every, it is a four hour job every day.
Don't tell my boss to keep up with internet culture.
You know, this guy's been out for eight years.
What's hot right now, Juice?
In the internet?
Yeah, in the youth culture.
No, in the prison culture.
This is going to surprise you.
Twerking.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm getting into it lately.
Past 20 minutes.
So it seems to be going pretty good.
I'm afraid I'll hurt my butt if I try it.
Hey, you know what?
If you really want to hurt your butt, I got a great place to head.
It's ExtremeRestraints.com.
It's an adult super site for all kinds of-
We didn't put in that transition in the money zone, you dick hole.
Well, like he can put it in.
I don't need to say money zone.
Speaking of, he can put it in.
As I said, ExtremeRestraints.com is an adult super store for every hole.
Every hole in your family is going to get serviced.
I don't mind.
There are several holes in my family that I would prefer to remain vacuous.
No, your body family.
Like my body is a family of hole.
You know, brother butthole.
Mother butthole.
Father taint.
My body is a family of holes.
Father taint sounds like the worst character from like Rudolph's shiny new year.
I am father taint.
I welcome in the new baby taint.
You must rescue father taint or there will never be another Kwanzaa.
This is all awful.
Trinity 10 speed vibrating egg.
I love my vibrating egg that I have currently, but doesn't offer me enough specificity.
Jesus.
Just head to remote sex toys and you can get the Trinity 10 speed vibrating egg and looks
like that retails for 78 bucks and you're going to be able to pick it up for 39.95.
That is fucking savings and a half.
With that savings, you can go and you can buy like 10 dozen real eggs and then cook
a big dinner for your family.
An egg dinner.
Now, so here's another straight from Extreme Restraints recommended product.
The ball tugging stroker.
Okay, hit me.
Okay.
I mean, do we really need the explanation?
It's all it's literally all of its functions are eponymous.
Every word there just says it is what they do.
It tugs balls while you stroke.
It's the ball tugging stroker.
ExtremeRestraints.com.
You're going to be able to get 20% off any of these different penetrators that you buy.
Holy shit.
It looks like a penis exoskeleton.
Right?
Sure.
It's so awesome looking.
It's like a sweet Voltron.
Just do one day without you saying that out loud.
It's like an exoskeleton for your penis within like a special thing that goes around your balls
so that as you stroke it, it tugs on your balls.
When your penis has to do battle with a xenomorph, the best option is ExtremeRestraints.com.
Do you need a penis carapace?
Here you go.
Okay, so I just we haven't actually talked about this.
I joined a intramural softball league.
Can I wear that in sports equipment?
I think you're fine.
Phenomenal.
Yes, also as a great way to intimidate your competitors.
Yeah, especially if you have it out.
Tuck it out a little bit.
I'm not going to be able to defeat that penis.
So coupon code MIDDLIST, 20% off is what you're going to save.
Head to the website ExtremeRestraints.com.
They are the biggest supporters of our program and maybe it's time to spice things up a little
bit.
You know, Valentine's Day is coming up soon.
That is true.
And what better gift, what says romance like a cup for her nipple?
Now at this point, we've done, let me check.
Yes, we've done 10,000 Extreme Restraints commercials.
So I assume that all of you have spent millions and millions of dollars there.
So it's also important that you go back and review all the products that you've purchased.
Give it a nice positive review and tell them MBMBAM sent you.
Yeah, that would be good too.
My best friend and I have been friends with benefits for almost two years now.
A couple of months ago when I got my apartment, he immediately moved in with me.
Even before then, we hung out literally every day playing games and watching movies and
snuggling to the point where it became hard to hang out with other people since I'm kind
of his only friend.
He pretty much treats me like a girlfriend, but insists he doesn't feel love.
What do I do to make him love me?
What?
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me once out of the FWB zone.
Listen.
You deserve better than this.
You have made this very easy for this person.
Listen, we all have done this so I'm not beating up on you, but you deserve better than this.
You aren't going to make this person love you.
You are going to-
And you shouldn't even try.
Because he sounds like the biggest premium rush ever.
He is a big premium rush and I know you're going to live with him, that's fine.
You know, you guys be friends.
But listen, something about cow and milk, you know?
I forget it.
There's something about it, there's a saying about it.
You should look on Urban Dictionary for what it says about cows and milk.
You are providing this person with every function of a girlfriend.
Well not only that, but you're also providing him, it sounds like, with shelter.
Well, no, I mean-
With food.
He's living with you as well.
And he doesn't have any other friends.
Oh my god, listen to me.
Listen.
Listen, the snuggle train and the sexing train.
That train just pulled into the station everybody off.
It's time for him to fly on his own little bird out of the nest.
Now can I just really quick, why would a bird ride on a train?
Because the birds, it's a long distance, it gets tired.
This is a train for birds?
This is the best thing I've ever heard in my life.
What if you're the only human being on that train and you're like, oh fuck.
It's a bird train.
God damn it.
Listen, you have gone through the physical motions of being in a relationship.
And in much the same way that if you smile long enough, you're going to feel happier.
The emotions have followed.
It's completely rational and logical that you feel the way you do.
And it's fucked that he doesn't.
Justin, what you've just described is a prime example of why the friends with benefits cannot be a long term arrangement.
Because it's fun at first, but after a while, emotions always follow for at least one of the party.
Right.
You know what I mean? And it always gets messy.
But what I'm saying is that maybe this is the arrangement that she wanted also for a while, but has only now developed feelings.
I'm not saying we have to make this guy out to sound like a total monster, you know what I mean?
But if he's not down with what you want now, then it's time to find a new thing.
Yeah, by me saying it sucks that he doesn't feel what you feel, I'm not saying that it's because he's a bad person.
I'm saying it sucks for you, but you are never going to be happy in a relationship.
And this goes for everybody, by the way.
You are never going to be happy in a relationship that you had to con somebody into being in with you.
That's never going to make you happy.
If you change the context, and you were dating this person, and you wanted to say get married,
and they couldn't see ever taking the relationship to that level, then you would know you needed to get out of it.
This is just one step back. You want to take your relationship to the next level.
They don't. That's a sign that you need to end it.
The reason I called this dude a major premium rush is because he actually said out loud,
Oh, I don't feel love.
Yeah.
Does he mean towards you, or does he mean like AI style?
Good question.
No, because even in fucking AI, his love was real, but he is not.
Right, exactly. This guy's like a reverse AI.
Fair.
I don't know, guys.
I think that you're above it, and probably, you know what?
Probably he is too. It sounds like it's not the right circumstance for either one of you.
So continue being friends, and maybe even continue being roommates.
But you need to end the friends with benefits side.
If you're going to start benefiting other people, then I don't think living with this dude is going to be a hot plan.
Okay, I amend it then. It's probably time for him to move out.
Yeah, listen, it's time for you to go.
Time to get on that big long bird train.
With all the other guac.
Oh, man.
Listen, I know it sucks, but please take care of your heart and cut it off before you do more damage to yourself,
or you miss out on any more good days.
Like, just get it over with, get the heartbreak over with, and move on to somebody who deserves you.
Don't cut your heart off, though.
Don't cut your heart off, that's true.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Ira Ray.
Are you Ira Ray? Who wants to know?
Not me. Yahoo answers user Zach Z.
Griffin doesn't care who you are.
I don't give a fuck. Come one, come all to the greatest show on earth.
This Yahoo is Yahoo answer user Zach Z, who asks,
How do you get the side splits? Fast!
I'm going to get into a special dance team, and I need to get the splits.
They are going to see if I can in about two weeks. I'm pretty far, but not far enough. Help!
Have someone push you down.
Say, I'm gonna do a side split. Someone can push me down.
It's really just mind over matter, isn't it?
You gotta keep a moist, supple taint, though, or else you'll rip it.
Never, ever again.
You do not want to rip your taint.
Never again, those three words. Never.
Because once it starts ripping, chances are it's just going to keep going,
and pretty soon you'll be split in twain.
That's really how you train your body to do that, right?
That particular part of your body has to become whiter, right?
Okay, so this leads me to a question I've been wondering for a long time.
That's what they don't show you with people who are doing a side split is when they're not side splitting,
their taint is hanging below them like a saddlebag.
Right, like a turkey gobbler.
Yeah, it looks like a...
A waddle.
A gobbler is what children call it.
Is that another way people who don't know what it's called call it?
No, no, that's what idiots call it.
I mean, there might be children listening.
It leads me to a question I've always wondered, which is,
if you got someone strong enough and they, whilst hugging someone,
grab both of their buttcheeks and pull the part really hard, could you rip someone in half?
Because I feel like the butt crack is like that little slit that they make in packages that allow you to open it easily.
Yeah, sure.
And it's like God's way of saying, rip this person in two.
Right, sure, it's your Achilles heel, except it's your asshole.
Have you never wondered that, you guys?
You've never wondered that? Come on.
Why God perforated us? Is he tearing?
You're saying that if you were to tear a human being in half long ways,
that the best place to start would be the buttcheeks because it's natural handles and also there's already...
Obviously. I mean, that's a given.
That's not my question.
My question is, I don't know if anyone's ever tried it before, but would it be a clean break?
Could you do it in two?
I don't think that anyone... I don't even think Hulk Hogan in his prime could do that.
Maybe the power team could. It was a blessing of God's will.
I just thought about it and I watched the Hulk Hogan sex tape and he actually did do that. I take it back.
Brother, are you ready for my special move, brother?
Here it comes. I'd rather not!
Hulkamania is about to run wild all over your butt and your vagina.
I'm going to tear your butt and vagina in half, brother.
Then there was a 48-hour manhunt.
Only one man could leave tracks like this.
It's just Hulk Hogan running naked through the woods.
Somebody call Tommy Lee Jones.
I didn't destroy that butt, Hulk Hogan, sir.
I'm pretty sure you did.
We actually have a sex tape of you doing it.
I'm Hulk Hogan destroying this butt.
You have butt blood all over your hands.
Sir, Andre the Giant is dead. There's nobody else.
Have you guys seen that Hulk Hogan Andre the Giant sex tape?
Oh my God.
Both of them in a test for dominance trying to tear the other one's butt.
It's like the opening scene in Melancholia where the two planets collide.
That's basically what we're talking about.
It's like the last scene in Over the Top.
Except it's under the bottom.
Oh, man. Can we be done?
Hulk Hogan, it feels so good.
I didn't think I would like the way it feels inside, but I do in fact like the way it feels.
I'm going to call on you, Hulk Hogan.
What the hell is that impression?
That's what Andre the Giant sounds like mid-coitus, of course.
Because it sounds like the baby of Andre the Giant Sylvester Stallone.
If you tear my butt in half, then I do not think I will laugh.
Anybody want a penis?
Hulk Hogan, perhaps you?
Should we make love?
I have four gallons of what in my room?
I have a bag of 30 hamburgers.
I have that giant armchair Gallagher used to use.
I have a bicycle built for two. It is just mine.
I'm going to snap into some butt cheeks.
What are you doing? Get out of here.
Nobody wants you here.
We're getting tender. Get out of here.
Oh, yeah. I have a lance. Tear my butt in half.
Get out of here, Randy. Please.
Randy, please.
Some of us are adults trying to make love.
Well, everyone's childhood is ruined.
Sorry, everybody.
Hey, at least we didn't make the very obvious Jake the Snake Roberts joke.
Okay, so that's going to do it for us here on My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
I believe. I don't think we can ruin anything else.
There's nothing else I can think of to ruin.
Well, there's lots of other things we could ruin, but we have lots more episodes to do.
We've got to save it. Yeah, we've got to save it.
Thank you to everybody tweeting about the show.
The Davenport, Evan Weston, Bearden Bowtie, Evil Chase, LG, Jared.
Don Chapel, Ted Winscott, Crazy Legs 2, everybody.
We really appreciate it.
So, thank you.
We've got a thread going on the MaxFun forums.
We're going to make a new sampler.
And we want your suggestions for what bits we should include.
And if you can, throw in like an episode number and a time code, if possible, to tell me where to look.
That'll make it a lot easier to get all that set up.
And while you're on MaximumFun.org, make sure to check out all the other MaxFun podcasts.
Throwing Shade, Jordan Jesse Goh, Bullseye, Josh John Hodgman, Risk, Memory Palace, International Waters.
What am I forgetting? Stop podcasting yourself?
Stop podcasting yourself.
There's always one. There's like 13 shows.
And they're all free and they're all amazing.
But it's hard to remember them. They're all like a bunch of words, you know?
Well, that's because MaximumFun.org is a website on the grow.
Yeah, that's true. I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
They have a podcast, Roderick on the Line, with Merlin Man from You Look Nice Today.
It's not on the MaximumFun network, though. Am I allowed to endorse it? I think so.
Yeah, I think that's fine. Legally speaking, I think you're a fine one.
Let me check our contract. Yeah, it's fine.
Yeah, it's fine.
And yeah, we're trying to plan some live shows.
We're doing MaxFunCon West, so get your tickets if there are even any still available.
It's like the most fun weekend ever.
But we're going to try and do some more live shows, hopefully somewhere up New England,
the Boston, New York, Philly region.
So if you have any suggestions, drop those in the forum, too,
or email us at movinbam at MaximumFun.org.
And make sure that when you email us that you put in the subject line,
either say live show in there or something along those lines
so that when we're scanning through, I can pick those out.
This final Yahoo Answer question was sent in by Adam Schwally.
Thank you, Adam.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Abdulliah, who asks,
Can you get a tattoo while breastfeeding?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me. This is your dad.
We're on the whip.
