The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis of McElroy. I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, you wascally wabbit.
Happy birthday to you. Hi, everybody. We're celebrating the life of Bugs Bunny,
who turns 80 years old today. I mean, he doesn't. So excited to have...
He's not on the show, but if he was, I think he'd sound a little something like this.
Okay, but he wasn't born, right? So he'll never die.
He was born. Just because he never died doesn't mean he was born.
Well, let's not be so quick to judge, because Maude Flanders died famously of Simpsons,
so there is precedent that cartoon characters can pass away, and we write about it in our TV guide,
and we try to solve who shot Mr. Burns, and it's very important to us.
So Bugs Bunny could get very, very sick, Travis, with some sort of disease for rabbits.
Yeah, some kind of carrot-related thing.
Some sort of thing like that, yes.
Like maybe he ate some tainted carrots and shit himself to death.
And he's little. Rabbits are little. It wouldn't take much, would it?
And you're thinking about it now. He's a fragile little guy.
We have to protect this 80-year-old rabbit, man.
You know, I never cared for his antics. I'm just going to put it right out there.
Okay. Of all the kind of cartoon, I would say, figureheads,
I always found Bugs Bunny's acerbic wit and japery to be a little bit on the mean side.
This is now the moment where we can exclusively reveal that Travis was adopted.
His birth name was Travis Fudd, and I'm glad we could finally put that out into the world.
I don't think you have to be cut from that particular bald, impotent cloth to hate this rabbit.
I think dude sucks.
You watch Space Jam, fucking Lola Bunny shows up like,
hey everybody, check out how good I am at basketball.
And this fucking idiot rabbit's like,
I have a boner.
It's like, yo, she didn't come here for you to do that, Bugs.
She came here to play basketball with Michael Jordan,
which is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
If I rolled up to that gym and was like,
let me play basketball, show you how good I am.
Tash, check out how good I am at dunking.
And fucking Wile E. Coyote was like, let me fuck you.
I would be like, this is not what I signed up for.
Okay, Griffin, to be fair, please don't besmirch Wile E. Coyote.
He'd buy you dinner first and he would ask for consent.
He would hold up a little sign that would say, gotta fuck you.
He wouldn't say it out loud.
He would hold up a sign that said, would it be okay if I fucked you?
Can I talk about the stuff that I want to talk about with Bugs Bunny?
Is it about how much he sucks?
I did my research on Bugs Bunny.
I put up some facts and figures and stats.
And I have two things I'd like to share with you about Bugs Bunny.
Thank you, The Mental Floss, as always,
for pairing all of human history down to the real tank nugs.
Here's one fact that I'd like to discuss.
In several psychological studies about false beliefs,
scientists have shown people fake advertisements for Disney World
featuring Bugs Bunny.
A significant portion of subjects then claim to remember going to Disney
and meeting Bugs, even though Warner Brothers character
would never be on display at a Disney theme park.
Now, okay, hey.
I want to be the, I want to hang out with these people like,
yeah, I fucking saw Bugs Bunny.
I remember when I was there, it was me and the mouse and Bugs.
All three of my best friends just hanging out.
How much time do you think there had to be
between showing them these fake ads and then asking them like,
hey, look at this ad.
Do you remember this?
Yes.
Yeah, I guess.
Do you remember when you saw Bugs Bunny?
Oh yeah, I think he was there.
Although, yeah, to be fair to science,
to be unfair to science, I guess I should say,
to be fair to these people who were in a study,
you showed me a commercial for Disney World featuring Bugs Bunny
and then they're like, is Bugs Bunny in Disney World?
I would probably say, well, it'd be a fucking weird commercial if he's not, huh?
They're gonna have a lawsuit on their hands, huh?
Who is wasting their time making false Disney World ads if not?
That's weird.
I mean, to be fair, there is a lot of weird stuff at Disney now.
Sometimes I'm reminded that the Muppets are owned by Disney
and that seems interesting and strange.
But if someone said, was Bugs Bunny at Disney?
I'd be like, I don't know, man.
You said you'd give me a hundred dollars if I did this study.
Is that now?
Do I, is it check or cash or what's the deal?
My second fact about Bugs is in 1961,
Mel Blanc, who voiced Bugs Bunny,
got into a serious car accident that left him in a coma for weeks.
Eventually a doctor tried to get the unresponsive patient to talk
by asking him, Bugs Bunny, how are you doing today?
Blanc responded in Bugs' voice, what's up, doc?
Later the doctor would say of the incident,
it seemed like Bugs Bunny was trying to save his life.
Oh God.
That's not a good, and that doctor's license to do literally anything
that involves helping people medically,
touching people, being near people was instantly-
Driving a car, he shouldn't be allowed to do anything.
So this, so are you telling this doctor after this moment
like went back to the other doctors as like,
Bugs Bunny is, listen, I know how this is gonna sound,
but Bugs Bunny is in there
and he's trying to help me save this man's life.
Anyways, I'm gonna go write a movie called Monkey Bone now,
if you'll excuse me.
The next morning he came in all embarrassed like,
guys, I'm sorry, I watched Patch Adams 30 years before it came out
and it led me to some questionable decisions.
Hate this fucking rabbit.
This is what I'm saying.
I'm done with him.
You know, if Donald Duck was talking shit,
Mickey wouldn't trick a hunter into shooting him.
That's what I'm saying, right?
Like Mickey Mouse would never be like,
ha ha, it's duck season, fucker.
Like he wouldn't do that.
Yeah, it's like if Peg like Pete was there
and he was terrorizing Mickey Mouse,
Mickey Mouse wouldn't be like, stop Donald to death instead.
Yeah, yeah.
We were watching a Donald Duck cartoon recently
and my two-year-old just out of nowhere
and loudly announced, Donald Duck is a grass hole.
What?
He said, Donald Duck, he's a grass hole.
And we, after a little bit of searching and digging,
we found out that she had confused him with Donald Trump
and was just echoing things that we had said around the house.
All right, cool.
So Donald Duck is a grass hole now.
Is that how you sort of like get your political frustration out?
You walk around your house loudly proclaiming
that Donald Trump is an asshole?
No, my five-year-old does that.
Oh, okay.
And then so.
Okay, cool.
Okay.
I was gonna say that's probably not,
that ain't gonna move the needle.
That ain't gonna move the national conversation forward.
It's a big tit at our house.
We like to let all political abuse.
Foment.
All right.
This is an advice show and it's specifically an advice show
on the Maximum Fund Network,
which is more specifically doing its annual pledge drive,
the Maximum Fund drive.
Maximumfund.org slash join is the address
where you can go right now and support the shows that you love.
You listen to Bim Bam, Sawbones, Stop Podcasting Yourself,
Jordan and Jesse Go, The Adventure Zone,
whatever, Switchblade Sisters, you name it.
Oh no, Ross and Carrie.
All those great shows need your support now.
And the cool thing is if you can pledge a few bucks a month
or a lot of bucks a month, whatever works for you,
we know there's a weird time for money.
So whatever you can do, we really appreciate it.
But that money goes directly to the shows you listen to.
You choose the shows you listen to when you sign up
and Max Fund takes a small portion
to sort of keep things operating on their end.
They do a lot to support our shows.
And then the rest goes,
it just split up between the shows that you enjoy.
It's a way to support the stuff you like.
And I know times are weird for y'all out there financially
for a lot of folks.
I will say it's also pretty weird on our end.
Touring and stuff like that is not currently an option for us.
So we really do depend on your support
to keep things going around here.
So if you like what we do and you have a few spare bucks
and just a few spare seconds,
maximumfund.org forward slash join is the address.
There's gifts too.
Yeah, if you can pledge five bucks a month,
you get a ton of bonus content.
10 bucks a month, you get all that stuff
and a beautiful pin from the show of your choice.
But the real thing is you're supporting things
that you love and with that,
not to put too far a point on it,
but we really need you.
So if you can help out, if you're able to,
maximumfund.org forward slash join.
More like maximumfund.orgasm
because that's what you're gonna have
when you go to this website.
Wow.
I'm not gonna say it again.
We didn't used to work so blue.
I told you I would say it again.
What are we, Redbook?
Come on, can we do a question?
At the office, my desk is right next
to our single occupant bathroom.
Unfortunately, I'm able to hear
some of the louder sounds
that come out of the bathroom.
Oh, baby.
However, there's a new guy in the office.
Oh, Marmaduke, you've done it again.
Snap into a slim jam.
However, there's a new guy in the office
who goes into the bathroom
and immediately starts playing drums
on his legs.
Fuck yeah.
The thing is, he's really good.
That's funnier than our things that we said.
Yeah, it's almost like you should
let me get through the questions.
I've been looking for a new drummer
to jam with and would love to ask him
to jam sometime.
How do I approach the new guy
and tell him that I'm impressed with him
bathroom drumming and invite him
to come jam?
That's from shamefully shy in Chicago.
Okay, we can assume this person
is drumming on his legs when seated
doing twosies or a comfortable onesie, right?
Listen, if they're not sitting down
to onesie, what are you doing?
Yeah, you're wasting a perfectly good
chillax opportunity.
Sit down.
I don't think people are standing
at the urinal pulling their pants down
to the point where they have exposed thighs
to create that sort of sonorous slap.
Yeah, it's a hand bone.
Doing that.
So that's important to know.
Yeah, I mean, listen,
if he's gonna get a good drum on,
if he's gonna hand bone,
he needs to get some skin.
Maybe he's also pulling up his shirt
to get the tummy symbol going.
Oh, belly, like a deep bass drum.
Yeah, right?
That's the bass drum.
So what would symbols
and maybe like the shoulders?
You get the fucking hi-hat at the like,
but then you get that.
Here's the problem.
Let's play a game.
Hold on.
Can we stop?
Can we stop?
Let's play a game where I slap
a part of my body.
You guys tell me what you think it is.
Okay, got it.
Wait, Justin, be quiet.
I hear it.
I think we have played this game,
this exact game before.
I'm gonna say that's a clavicle.
That's like a-
No, you think my clavicle would make that,
like there's not that much clavicle surface area
to make that, it's like loud of a slap.
Justin, do you want to hear it again?
Are you shirtless?
No.
That's like your flank.
Travis, you want to guess again?
I'm gonna say it's your bicep.
That's my foot.
Wonderful.
So this can be,
everybody's always getting on my goners
because I don't have a great segment.
Like you guys have all these great segments.
So maybe now in the middle of an episode,
I'll be like, everybody shut up.
That was my elbow.
If you say that you're going to do this
throughout the episode,
it will be the first time
that we've ever actually said that
and actually followed through on it.
Probably won't.
We'll be doing this throughout the episode.
Probably won't be doing that.
Probably not.
I, listen, all you got to do is let,
you got to lure him out with a tasty groove.
And that's the thing is with,
if you're within earshot of this guy
and you're just like sitting at the coffee maker
and while you're sitting at the coffee maker,
you just lay out a little
He's going to pick up whatever sticks he can find
right around you
and start laying down another lick.
Maybe give you a little bit of that.
And then you're giving him like
and he's going to do that.
And then Susan from down the hall,
he's going boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
I really wish we could have built that chronically.
I really like-
We were.
Travis helped it.
Yeah, but at different times.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
That's going to be, actually that, you know what?
I want to do a backwards segment.
That's your, that's your TikTok assignment.
Oh shit.
Okay.
That'll be a good one.
I don't think that's how TikTok works.
Here's the problem.
Oops.
No, whoa, whoa, what?
The problem is this, Justin.
You're going to start laying down that tasty groove
and he's going to get a little embarrassed to maybe walk away
and you're going to push it
and find out that he is only comfortable,
much like someone singing in the shower,
he's only comfortable playing drums sitting on the toilet.
So you're going to need to get a porta potty
into your garage where you jam
for him to be comfortable doing it.
Now, if you can figure that out,
that's a great gimmick for a band.
It's a great fucking gimmick.
It's like Frank sort of, but-
Yes.
With a guy in it.
Would you have, would you cut out arm holes?
Oh, cool.
In the porta potty?
So it's like the porta potty is playing the drums
or would you put the drums?
I had, I'd pictured the drums in the porta potty,
but now-
That's going to fuck the whole Sonic,
you know what I mean?
Sonically, that's not going to work.
Now, now I'm seeing it
and I like your version much better.
Yeah, like little arms stick out of the porta potty
and they're just ripping.
Ooh, and let me say-
I guess you got to have feet holes for the kick drum.
But then an LED face
so that it can take on different facial expressions
like you don't really-
One more time.
Really getting into it, you know?
It's like, oh, the porta potty is fucking rocking today
and then he's biting his little LED lip or whatever.
You've got, you've also got the built-in like,
when you need publicity,
be like, he's finally stepping out of the porta potty.
You know, it's funny, actually,
Neil Peart used to do this called the porta potty.
It's like, not a lot of people do it.
Oh, come on.
You dumb piece of shit.
I'm checking with the judges, hold on.
Hey, can I do a Yahoo?
Yeah, I love that, girl.
So here's a Yahoo that was sent in by,
as long as we're talking about jamming on music,
here's one sent in by Adrian Cowles.
Thank you, Adrian.
It's an anonymous Yahoo answers user
who I'm going to call Megan,
like Megan, but with an M at the end asks,
why do cello players shake their head
when they play the cello?
Okay, no joke.
Everybody knows this.
You look at the string quartet,
the cello players are always like,
always kind of grooving.
I was watching a Rachmaninoff concert last night.
Oh, fuck off.
Well, no.
Fuck him on and off.
That's two.
That's two in a row.
And it featured a young woman playing the piano.
She was really getting into it.
And as much as I enjoyed her performance,
all I kept thinking was like,
how much more interesting it would be
if she just looked really bored.
If she was yawning and checking the time and stuff
and playing almost like she was just killing time
until some of these really difficult licks.
And I think that maybe that's it,
is at this point, all cello players are so good at it
that they have to act like it's really hard
so that people are impressed
because if they showed how it was like,
no, at this point, man,
I'm not even thinking about it.
I'm trying to remember that recipe
from my grandmother's really good banana nut muffins.
Like, this is easy.
It's possible.
It's possible.
It could also be that Yo-Yo Ma started doing it
and everybody was like,
well, if Yo-Yo's, if Ma's doing it,
I need-
There have to be trends like that, right?
Absolutely there's cellist trends.
Absolutely there is.
Oh, this guy started wearing real jangly bracelets.
So now we're all wearing jangly bracelets
so that you can hear us like,
as we go.
I would think bowstring composure is like a big-
There's always like a new shit
that's continually more sort of devious,
like a more, like a worse,
just worse.
For the environment, worse morally,
like more bankrupt.
Like if it gets like cow,
like baby cow innards, stuff like that,
it just gets like worse and worse and worse.
This is hair from the Christ.
Yeah, we stole it.
We stole it from the church.
We hired Nicholas Cage to steal the hair of Christ.
Steal a fistful of Christ hair.
Yeah, do you guys know the kind of head shake
that I'm talking about?
Like that kind of like,
oh, fuck, yeah.
Yeah, I'm into it.
Really going on it.
Really hitting it.
Well, oh, yeah, shredding these, shredding these.
I'm ready to tell you, Griffin, the truth.
Yeah.
And I only know this because I'm an honorary cellist
because I saved a cellist's life.
And so now their life is mine to do it as they please.
Sure, sure.
Yeah, we know how it works.
What a lot of people don't know
if you don't play a cello is,
actually the way a cello works is
as you're playing it,
it is fighting back the whole time.
And so it's kind of like,
yeah, it's like a wrestling match.
So there's a lot of like kind of like
throwing it back and forth that has to happen.
So that head shake is like the kind of counterbalance
to keep the cello from getting away.
Because if it were to ever get free,
that little, it has that big spike at the bottom.
A dangerous.
It would use that to kill everyone in the room.
To hurt, yeah, at least, yeah.
And then there's also the danger that, you know,
a lot of times Yo-Yo Ma before he was
such an accomplished cellist,
he would finish a performance
and then people would be like,
oh, shit, where did Yo-Yo Ma just go?
And then be like, ah, fuck,
he got trapped inside his cello again.
And you would look inside the little hole
and he would be in there.
Like, ah, fuck, it got me.
That's why the concerts go so long.
They have to wear out their cellos
so that they can be put away for another night.
So they can be put away
or else they will not get back in their boxes.
They don't like it at all.
They will kill and they will not stop killing.
Once they taste human blood,
the cello will never rest until we are all dead.
And that's why violinists are weak babies.
Because it's like fight a real fucking instrument.
A double bass is like, all right,
fucking, wow, we get it.
You're so strong.
You can kick a double bass.
But even that, that's why, see,
the violin is too weak
to really hurt human beings all that much.
But a double bass is so heavy that it's easy to catch.
A cello is right there in the middle.
It's easily God's most dangerous creature.
And then you see a swing band
where they're like fucking spinning
that double bass around.
It's like, wow, big dick energy, anybody?
Is that Bach?
I don't think so.
I don't know.
It kind of felt like it was digging its head back in.
And everyone said, that's not Bach.
It's like, hey, guys, are we doing big dick?
Are we doing big dick energy?
Nope, not saying that.
No, no more?
It is problematic.
Okay, I'll see.
I'll try again in another couple of years.
Bye.
Here's another question.
I just purchased a basketball for my father's birthday.
Unfortunately, he decided he would go out
and buy one for himself at the end of the week,
two days before I was gonna give it to him.
The problem is simple.
How do I keep him from buying his own basketball
while not letting him know what I've done?
Because of everything, the store is not accepting returns.
I don't want him to buy another thing.
What can I do?
You gotta read the name.
Basketball Bungle and Benetiquette.
What kind of relationship...
Oh, man, I have a lot of questions.
What kind of relationship do you have with your father
and what kind of relationship does your father have
with money and also the sporting goods store?
And basketball for that matter.
And basketball for that matter
that he would say something like, at the end of this week.
God is my witness.
Listen, everyone, everyone.
Gather around.
Everyone, shut up and listen.
This Friday afternoon, I will be going to Dick's Sporting Goods
to purchase one American basketball.
55 birthdays have passed in which I did not have a basketball.
Another one will not come and go
until I have that rubber bastard under my thumb.
That is such a wild thing that I did not even process.
That's what they were saying.
I thought they were talking in the past tense,
but no, a declaration has been made
about basketball purchasing plans in the near future.
Your dad is from a different generation.
We're going to the store, used to be an event.
People used to gather around and circle the basketballs
they were going to buy or maybe just look at
if they couldn't afford it.
That used to be a big day out during the Great Depression
just to go to the Dick's and look at the basketballs.
Maybe bounce them up and down the aisles,
get a sense of their action, you know what I mean?
And then dream about the day
when you could afford a basketball.
Cut out clips of the old Sears robot catalog
of some beautiful new basketballs.
Why do you think, did he look when he announced this,
did he maybe look knowingly at everyone
thinking someone might say, no, please don't do that?
Hint, hint, hint.
I mean, again, a strange relationship with basketball
if that is the case.
Like, I really want to make sure.
I'm really going to put a gun to everyone's heads
on this whole basketball thing.
Well, one of two things has happened.
Either your father has never owned a basketball,
at which point him deciding two days before his birthday
to buy it is an interesting, why now, father?
Or he has owned a basketball before, routinely used it,
and now it is, I don't know, destroyed somehow?
He loves basketball enough that both you and him
have thought about getting him a basketball,
but not so much that he has a basketball at the ready.
Can I ask us just a stupid question?
Yes. Yeah.
Is Dr. Anthony Fauci on cameo?
Because if he is, you could just pay him like a hundred bucks
or something to do a cameo for your dad
that's like, basketball is dangerous
or contaminated in some way.
Oh, so not as a present?
No, I mean, it would be a present.
You could have him be like, happy birthday,
you old son of a gun, and also don't touch any basketballs.
They're so dangerous and it's really bad.
Unless given to you by a loved one.
Unless they're my own special brand of Fauci balls.
And then you are going to have to coordinate with Fauci
to get him to decorate the basketball,
like maybe it's just a big cool sticker that he puts on it
that lets people know this is a genuine clean Fauci ball.
That's a genuine Fauci.
I really hope I'm saying that name right.
Yeah, you're doing pretty good.
I don't think he's on cameo though.
When your dad says, I'm going to go buy a basketball,
say no, don't buy a basketball.
And he's like, why not?
You say, cause basketballs are stupid.
Make him feel really bad about it.
Or you could pay $100 beloved Dr. Anthony Fauci
to do that for you, Trav.
Your idea was just a worse idea version of my idea.
Hey, let me throw this out.
10 minutes before he's about to leave to go to the store,
hand him the basketball and say, happy early birthday.
That's because that is the play.
You've gotten him two presents then,
you've gotten him a basketball
and he doesn't have to go anywhere to get it.
That would be perhaps if I were your father,
which I'm not, then unless this is BB,
then I would be so joyous to have just been miraculously saved
any amount of effort whatsoever,
then like that would make my day.
What if your child just walked into the room right now, Travis,
and just like launched a fucking bullet chest pass right at you
like, let's go pops, happy birthday.
Oh my God, I'd be so excited.
I don't even like basketball, I'd be excited.
Let's put it a different way.
What if BB walked in and said, here on this memory drive
is the rest of the episode already recorded,
you can go fuck off, I'd be so excited.
That would be so sick, yeah, I would love that.
Right, if Henry and Charlie and BB had just gone ahead
and recorded the rest of the episode for us,
I mean, I'd be watching Avatar The Last Airbender right now.
Cool life that you're living.
Can I do another Yahoo?
I love that, Griffin.
I love how we're just churning through questions this time.
Yeah, we're really blasting off into some new levels.
Finally getting some work done.
Emma can't send this in.
Thank you, Emma, it's Yahoo Answers user.
They are anonymous also, I'm going to call them.
Preston asks, do people travel to the USA
for good American food like hot dogs and burgers?
Oh my God.
There's gotta be some reason they're doing it
because it was Broadway, but now it's not that anymore.
And listen, just to be clear,
there are good restaurants and good cooks in America.
I'm just gonna come right out and say it.
Wow, what a bold supposition, Travis.
But what I like about this question is,
there are good restaurants and good cooks like everywhere.
What this question is asking is,
is America a destination for food
for specific American cuisine that you can only get in America?
And like that, I do not know that there's an answer to that.
If it does happen, I hope they're listening
so I can give them this special public service announcement
right now.
Hello, my name is Justin McElroy.
I host a podcast and several other podcasts.
We are proud Americans.
But if you love American food so much
so you're thinking of coming here
to eat our hot dogs and hamburgers,
here would be my question to you.
How much do you like hot dogs?
I mean, do you really love hot dogs?
Because this is a weird time for us right now.
We're trying some different things out
in terms of vis-a-vis managing some different situations
that we have going on right now.
And I mean, I hope you really like hot dogs.
I mean, like you have to really, really, really love hot dogs
for this to make any kind of sense for you at all.
But the good news is, here's what you do.
You fly here, you land in probably Atlanta,
hit up that Nathan's hot dogs, get back on a plane,
go right back on home.
Get the, you gotta, you gotta go.
Hey, bring a Justin's size suitcase with you
and leave it unattended near my home.
You never know.
That'd be cool.
Pretty neat.
Swallow your boy out.
Please don't do that.
It's not, but it's not worth it.
Come on, let's go.
You'll get so sick.
Get on my back.
If you come here, you'll get so sick.
We're going, let's go.
Hey, gramps, get stamps.com.
Grandpas love stamps.
So what you just said, it's like their favorite thing.
No, but that's what I'm saying.
So they like, they're gramps
because they've always used analog stamps.
I'm talking about digital stamps.
Okay, cyber stamps.
Cyber stamps at stamps.com.
Well, you should have just said that.
Well, but now I'm worried
that there are cyber grandpas out there.
I am cyber grandpa.
I hope not.
Have my digital world as a new hit character.
Okay, with stamps.com, you can print postage on demand
and avoid going to the post office.
Stamps.com offers UPS services with discounts up to 62%
and no residual surcharges.
Nope, residential surcharges.
Hey, what about a character named surcharges?
Is that anything?
That sucks too.
Damn it.
Okay, simply use your computer
to print official US postage 24 seven
for any letter, any package, any class of mail,
anywhere you want to send.
Once your mail is ready,
just leave it for your mail carrier,
schedule a pickup or drop it in a mailbox.
It's that simple.
And with stamps.com, you get great discounts too.
Five cents off every stamps
and up to 62% off USPS and UPS shipping rates.
Right now, our listeners get a special offer
that involves a four week trial plus free postage
and a digital scale without any long-term commitment.
Just go to stamps.com,
click on the microphone at the top of the homepage
and type in my brother.
Go to stamps.com, enter my brother, hi, I'm surcharge.
And I'm cyber grandpa.
It's funny, man.
And we're in love.
All right.
And there's nothing you can do to stop that.
Beep boop, eat my digital worthers.
That is good, Trav, it felt good.
I took that boy on a walk, it felt good.
Feels good.
You know what else feels good?
Entering in a promo code
when checking out on an internet website
and getting it right and getting money
off your purchase for it.
Because here's the thing,
whenever you don't have that code
and you see the field where it's like
punch in a code to save money,
you know if you don't know the code,
someone somewhere is saving money and you're not.
And that's not fair.
But Honey is the great equalizer
because it's a free browser extension
that just finds those fricking codes for you
while you're just shopping like normal.
There's a little button that says apply coupons
and if Honey can find a coupon,
it just beep boop boop boop.
Sunny!
And the prices go down.
They've been advertising with us for a while
and I have now, not an exaggeration,
saved like over $100 using Honey every time I shop.
It is a absolute grand slam fantastic addition
to your web browsing and web shopping experience.
You can get Honey for free at joinhoney.com
slash brother, that's joinhoney, H-O-N-E-Y,
not the stupid way Pooh Bear spells it.
Dot com.
Okay, the way we also spell it,
it's the way we also spell it.
What do you mean?
20honey, that's H-U-N-N-Y.
Oh, is it spelled like that?
For our thing?
I don't like that.
Anyway, go to joinhoney.com slash brother.
It's money, honey.
Nope.
Okay.
Let's see, guest, I want a munch.
Squad.
I want to munch.
Squad.
Welcome to Munch Squad.
It's a podcast within the podcast detailing the latest
and greatest in brand eating.
Rather than go back into the time machine,
I've got a trio of new small munch squad stories
to share with you.
Oh, God.
The first is not thematically tied to the other two,
but I did want to share it with you.
This is about Bang Energy.
About what?
And what's that?
Bang Energy.
It's an energy drink.
Okay.
They got a new flavor.
It's a mouthwatering, ultra delicious.
This is thanks to Katie Bello who sent this in.
Mouthwatering and ultra delicious Radical Skedaddle
by Bang Energy.
The name radical tells the story of this new flavor
is extraordinary while the skedaddle will literally
make your tongue rattle.
After simply skipping radical skedaddle,
you'll feel the vibes of beating drums,
electric guitars and rock music flowing through your brains
and pulsating through your veins.
What?
With the new Rad Scad flavor launch,
rock and roll was the goal and cutting edge nutrition
was the vision.
It's easy as fishing when ambition drives the mission.
Holy shit.
Jack O'Oak, Bang Energy CEO,
who seems to be in my humble amateur opinion.
I have no information about a bad person.
Seems to be a bad person.
Hey, just real quick.
I wanna get a quick poll of the three people on this call.
Do you think Bang Energy doesn't know
what the word skedaddle means?
Yeah, I think that that's fair.
Okay, because they're trying to spin it
like it's like rock and roll.
That's not at all what I get when I see like
maybe a little scamp whose baby-
Skedaddle makes your tongue rattle.
Okay.
Jack also said we don't make people want our products.
Bang Energy makes products people want.
Huh.
Bang, we don't make people-
It's interesting.
Bang, Bang Energy.
Anyway, that was wild.
Maybe that's why I've never heard of Bang Energy.
Okay, meat of the future.
KFC is 3D bioprinting nuggets in Russia.
Good.
Huh.
Just wanna share everybody with that.
It's a 3D meat of the future printing thing.
Project aims to create the world's first
laboratory produced chicken nuggets.
They'll be as close as possible
in both taste and appearance to the original KFC product
while being more environmentally friendly
to produce than the ordinary meat.
Badass.
Receiving a final product for testing
is already being planned for the fall of 2020 in Moscow.
This uses chicken cells and plant matter
to create lab-grown chicken nuggets.
Where do they get the chicken cells?
It doesn't harm chickens.
Chickens, I think, give them freely.
Maybe it's hair.
They have lots of cells.
Maybe it's beard.
They have so many cells.
Maybe it's beard trimmings.
Bio meat has the same micro elements as the original product
while excluding various additives
that are used in traditional farming and animal husbandry,
creating a cleaner final product.
Cell-based meat products are also more ethical.
The production process does not cause any harm to animals.
KFC remains committed to continuous improvement
animal welfare from the farm
through all aspects of our supply chain,
including raising, handling, transportation, processing.
Beheading is not listed there, but I'm assuming that's taken at face value.
At KFC, we're closely monitoring all the latest trends and innovations
that are doing our best to keep up with the times
by introducing advanced technologies to our restaurant networks.
So this is a race by KFC
to produce a more environmentally friendly chicken nugget
so we can all, you know...
Thank you to Caroline, by the way, for sending that one in.
So we can all enjoy, you know, a safer,
more sustainable chicken nugget.
We're working together.
And then to do that, a lot of work and energy is going into it
just to make it, you know, a little less of an impact on the planet.
I think that's cool.
I do think they're missing an opportunity
if they are 3D printing this stuff to make it in a way cooler shape.
Like, for instance, just one very, very, very long rope.
Like a long...
Like a chicken spindle.
I just want to...
I think it's great that they're putting all this effort
into a more sustainable product, more humane product
so we can all eat chicken and, you know, feel a little bit better about it.
There's one more story here I want to share from John.
Central Florida PDQ locations to offer milkshake on Monday
with blended chicken tenders.
Whoa!
On Monday only, guests can order their chicken tender handspun shake
which contains vanilla ice cream
and a whole chicken tender blended up inside of it.
Fucking in Russia, people are racing against the clock
to save our bedraggled planet
by coming up with plant-based 3D printed chicken tenders.
In Florida, they're fucking jamming them into blenders
almost as fast as they can produce them.
This is why we need sustainable chicken tenders
is because PDQ is fucking jamming them into blenders.
I consider myself a pretty with it, dude.
Is this a thing people were asking for?
I've never heard of this.
Like I've never heard of like,
oh man, you like that milkshake?
Well, you haven't really enjoyed it
till you've put a chicken tender in it.
Well, Trev, I'm glad you mentioned that.
PDQ's chief marketing officer said in this article,
our guests love our craveable fresh chicken tenders
and our delicious handspun shakes.
This shake combines the amazing flavors in both.
Oh boy, you motherfucker.
This reporter who gets bonus points,
bonus points to Dave Plotkin for asking the hard questions
is basically like, is it fucking whack?
Because it sounds whack.
It sounds absolutely terrible.
The quote that Dave got back was,
we have heard from our guests
that they love our hand-breaded chicken tenders
and they also love our handspun milkshakes.
So what better combination
to celebrate National Chicken Tender Day?
You mother, just, you can't, it's 3.99.
That's a good deal.
There's gonna be chunks in like,
what are you doing, are you doing straw?
That's the plan, bud.
Yeah, but I, is it a spoon thick?
Oh, there's another chicken tender on top.
Fuck.
Travis, who is this imaginary person
that you have breathed life into the ether
who says, yeah, let me get one of those,
I guess it's gonna be either a hamburger
or the chicken tender milkshake.
You know what, I'll do the chicken tender milkshake
and then gets it back to their table
and takes a big bite and is like,
hey, there's a chunk in this.
No, I'm not sending this chicken tender milkshake back.
No, I'm talking about just consumability, Griffin.
What is the method?
Because this would have to be spoon, right?
Because a chunk of chicken ain't going up a straw.
This is not a straw drink.
I assume it'll be placed at your tomb with you
like an Egyptian pharaoh's cats.
Dave writes, the small size of this monstrosity is 3.99
and the regular size is 5.29.
Now, Justin, was there a little editorializing in there?
No, I'm reading from Dave's story.
It's in orlandoweekly.com, find it.
The small size of this monstrosity is 3.99
and the regular size is 5.29
and there is no large
because there is truly no justice in this world.
Have we heard from Dave before?
I feel like we've heard from Dave before.
It's possible we've heard from Dave before.
I do like, I wish there was a large
because I like the person's like,
I'm going to order this and I'm going to commit.
Why don't you go ahead and put a biscuit
and maybe some like solid sugar packets
or whatever in there too.
Just swirl it all up.
Swirl it all up.
Anyway, that's the much squad.
Sorry to take up so much of your time with it this week
but I just thought that those stories
were a really nice pairing,
almost as nice a pairing as handspun milkshakes
and chicken tenders.
Hey, real quick, can I tell folks at home
about the Max Fun Drive?
Yeah.
Okay, I'm going to speed through this
because I don't want to waste too much of your time, folks.
Right foot in the door.
This is the straight shit.
Here's how it works.
You go to maximumfun.org forward slash join.
You pick a membership level that you're comfortable with.
At $5 a month,
you get access to over 200 hours of bonus content
from every Max Fun show
and stretches across all Max Fun Drive.
There's tons of stuff on there.
There's video stuff.
There's audio stuff.
There's stuff you're not going to hear anywhere else.
You get that for just $5 a month.
$10 a month, you get the bonus content.
You get an enamel pin designed by Megan Lencott.
You get to pick it.
There's one for every Max Fun show.
You pick your favorite.
You're going to get that pin
and a membership card that shows you
are a member of the Max Fun family.
For $20 a month, you get the bonus content.
You get the membership card.
You get your pick of the enamel pin
and you get a Max Fun themed game night pack
with like Max Fun themed cards,
a Max Fun themed dice bag and Max Fun themed dice.
There's other levels to pick from as well.
You get to pick yours.
You decide which level you're comfortable with.
Maybe you're already a member
and you have come to depend more and more
on Max Fun shows for entertainment,
education or information or whatever, right?
And you're ready to move up to the next level.
You can do that at maximumfun.org slash manage.
Maybe you are a big fan of Max Fun.
You're already a Max Fun member.
You want to be able to give more to the shows you love,
but you aren't able to move to the next level.
This year, we're offering a new thing called boosting
where you can go to maximumfun.org slash manage
and you're able to give a little bit more
without having to move up to the next level, right?
So you're able to support the art and artists you love
without having to commit to a higher membership level.
Now this won't qualify you for the rewards,
but you'll have the reward of knowing
that you gave more to the art and artists you love.
If you're not able to give it all, we totally understand.
Things are really, really uncertain out there.
And you know, these are scary times.
And if you aren't able to commit yourself
to a monthly payment, we totally get it.
You can still support the shows by sharing the link,
maximumfun.org slash join,
telling people why you love Max Fun shows,
using the hashtag Max Fun Drive,
sharing links to episodes, anything like that.
And really just listening to our shows is a lot of support.
So thank you so much for that.
When you become a member or increase your membership,
30% of what you are able to give goes to Max Fun
to pay their staff, to keep the lights on,
and to fund next year's Max Fun Drive.
The rest goes to the shows you listen to.
When you become a member or upgrade your membership,
they will ask you what shows you listen to,
and that's where your money goes.
So you are directly supporting the art and artists you love.
So one more time, those URLs are maximumfun.org slash join,
and maximumfun.org slash manage.
And if you're thinking about doing either one of those,
we would ask that you go ahead and do it now
before you forget.
And if you're not able to, totally cool.
That was so easy for me.
I didn't have to say or do like anything.
And that's just a service I offer.
It was pretty rad, pretty righteous, and I do like it.
I do appreciate it.
Please go to maximumfun.org slash join.
It would be really cool of you.
Can I do a Yahoo?
Yeah.
Yeah.
This one is sent in by Adrian Calz. Thank you, Adrian.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Britt Britt, who asks,
what is some advice you wish someone would have given you
before starting your own clothing business?
Oh, don't open that chest.
It's cursed.
I don't know how common.
I went into great-grandma-ma's attic to look for clothes-
For your business.
Yeah, to look for clothes that I could sell.
It was a consignment business, and I found-
So you were robbing your grand,
just to start from the beginning.
Oh no, she's super dead.
She's real dead.
Just know what, I've been in the house for a while,
and I was like, I know great-grandma-ma has some old clothes
out there that I could sell for consignment.
And so I went up there looking for clothes,
and I found that old sailor's trunk.
And I said, there's probably some cool old sailor clothes in there.
And I opened it up.
And first let me say,
there were some cool old sailor clothes in there,
but also a scary sailor ghost.
And so I had to contend with that for a while.
And eventually, the only way I could get him to leave me alone
is I had to make him a silent partner in the business.
And now he gets 50% of every t-shirt I sell.
And that's really draining my profits, frankly.
And my overhead is over my head, if you know what I mean.
Did you think about putting him back in the trunk
and dropping the trunk into the deep-
I tried.
... into the ocean, no?
I tried, but it showed right back up in my living room.
And then I burned it, and it was right back there.
And I gave it to a friend, and it was right back there.
And the only way I could get him to go away
is the 50-50 partnership.
Right.
And the worst part is sometimes he does show up at the shop,
and he tries to make interior decorating decisions.
And he's like, I think that the pants rack
would do better over there.
And I'm like, fuck, Stuart, get out of here.
He does have a good point.
Listen, I know, but at that point, it's a thing.
You know, I don't want to give in to him,
because then it's going to make him feel entitled to come back.
And he kind of bosses my employees around,
and I don't care for it.
I think that I wish somebody would have stopped me
before I cut holes in the back of all the pants
to make little holes that people could poop through
so they don't have to pull their pants down in the toilet.
But those were a hit for a while.
For a while, but then it-
I was psyched, Travis, the week that people started to post
about that on TikTok.
And they're like, you've got to get these butthole pants.
And I was like, yes, I've made it.
But then the following week, nobody came in,
and I realized I was just sort of a novelty to them.
What do you think changed?
The pants, well, I guess they thought it was a joke,
but jokes don't stay funny for very long.
And then it was not even a practical thing
that people wanted.
So then I put patches on them, but the patches-
Just regular bad pants?
Now there's just bad pants with a patch on the back.
I wish jokes stayed funny for longer
so we didn't have to do this every week.
Can you imagine how nice it would be
if we could just say like,
no, those other jokes are still funny.
Yeah, those are the jokes.
Go back and listen to them.
They're still actually pretty funny.
They're just a week old jokes.
It's still pretty funny.
Go back and listen to those again.
I bet there are people on Earth
who still haven't even heard them.
That's possible.
They're funny to them sharing their laughter.
You know what I mean?
What about you, Justin?
What's something you wish that someone had told you
before you opened your clothing business?
That, hold on.
Uh-huh.
We've already done cursed pirate chest
and we did butthole cutouts.
You can do this.
I tried to get the multi-scarf thing going.
It was one scarf, but I pre-knitted them together
to get that Johnny Depp, Steven Tyler look.
Uh-huh.
I did not appreciate three things.
Okay.
One, that look.
One, that look would become unfavorable
much quicker than anyone could have possibly imagined.
Two, people like to mix and match their various scarves
to create a new multi-scarf look every day.
It's an expression of their own personality.
I should have appreciated that and I didn't.
Now, the third thing is crumbs.
You know, you have separate scarves.
You enjoy a Long John Silver's chicken tender meal,
three pieces, two pieces.
It doesn't matter.
You start getting crumbs in there.
If the scarf is all stitched together,
if it's several scarves that have been merged,
that's the problem.
Now, you got birds.
Now, you have a bird problem.
That's what happened to Brenda Fricker.
Everybody knows she had one of my multi-scarves.
She ate the chicken.
Yeah, the pigeons won't leave her alone.
You get the fries in there.
You get some of those crumblies, you know,
where they've just fried the fat,
like just to put some batter in there, you know?
And the birds love the batter.
They eat batter up and then they will pick you up
and fly you away.
I wish somebody also had told me
that there already was a store called Lids.
Yeah.
Because I'm open.
I paid all that money for a store at the mall called Lids.
And then I made all my shirts that says,
like, I'm a happy Lids employee
that I made all the employees wear.
And then I got a very terse email from the Lids owners
of the real Lids.
And they said, hey, you can't do that.
And so I said, what else am I supposed to call it?
What else am I supposed to call my shoe store?
And they're like, you're what?
And I was like, yeah, dummy.
They're Lids for your feet.
And then Griffin took the war to them.
Yeah.
You'll probably write about it in the paper,
but Griffin went to the Lids when the store was empty
and he threw a Molotov cocktail in there,
except he messed it up and he didn't do it right.
And there was somebody in there,
but he didn't do the fire part right either.
So it was just a broken pot on the floor.
And it was just soda.
It was just a bunch of cola.
They made him come back and clean it up.
And then they said, you did such a good job cleaning.
Do you want a job here?
And now Griffin works at Lids.
Yeah.
Well, no, he works at Lids in the mornings
and then Lids in the evenings.
Oh, I did have to change the name of my store
and I did change it to Feet Lockers
because it's like little prisons for your feet.
I also decided like you're locking them up, you know?
You know what I wish I'd known
before I started my clothing business?
I wish I'd known that people liked airbrush shirts
made to order because I just made a whole bunch of them
ahead of time that said like Deborah and Tommy
together forever.
And it just said that one thing, like a bunch, like a lot.
I made like 600 shirts that just said Deborah and Tommy
together forever.
And it was T, it was the letter T and then the letter two
and then gather and then it said F
and then the number four and then ever.
And people pointed out that that looked like together
and for forever.
Yeah, it wasn't good.
I didn't even think about that.
Well, and also I don't know anyone named Debbie or Tommy
and I don't even know if they're together.
Yeah, you were able to salvage a little bit of that though
when you scratched out everything except Deborah
and you did put in a sort of crude caricature of Ray Romano
and you did add like eight more A's on the end of Deborah.
And that's why I made my first million.
Hey guys, hey gang, hey fam,
I would wear the fuck out of that shirt.
Picture of a caricature, fucking Ray Romano
and it just says Deborah on top of it.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Lock that up.
Man, but here I go again.
Fucking lids too.
You can't just do that.
Isn't it weird how the Calvin peeing on stuff took off
but Ray Romano screaming Deborah never became
like a thing you saw in the back of trucks
and like ski news and stuff.
Or all the ones of Ray Romano very realistically
like photo realistic peeing and you see it from the front.
So it's like coming at you.
Yeah, or Ray Romano kneeling down before the cross.
Ray Romano peeing on Peter Boyle.
I wish that I have-
Ray Romano kneeling at his wife's grave
just saying Deborah, but in a sad way.
Yeah.
Deborah, period.
He's in love with Deborah.
I wish, I wish.
What about the ones where there's like a bunch of E's
instead of a bunch of A's?
So he's just saying, Deborah.
Deeb.
I wish before I made my unlicensed Pickle Rick hot pants
that I had Googled what that character looked like.
It has a face, that's number one
that I should have accounted for.
Because right now I have a lot of shorts
with Pickles with hands and feet and no face.
And I can't convince people
that they're this Pickle Rick they're all about.
And also, Justin, you did kind of lay the letters out
in the back so that a lot of them went into the butt crack.
So when people wear it, it just looks like it says Pickick.
Yeah, it's not good.
That's not great.
I really wish somebody would have told me
to check the carning when I did establish Griffin's tank top
so that it didn't look like I was trying to sell
Griffin stank tops because those went over
like a real lead balloon.
I just wish people had told me how litigious Ray Romano was
before I did all this branded content.
Yeah, it's really important to him
that people thinks his penis and wiener looks a certain way
and they don't like it when you make a sticker of him.
He also said he wanted to decide when Deborah died and how.
Yeah.
That wasn't really important to him for the character.
If they ever get to make another season
of Everybody Loves Raymond,
most of it is going to be about how Deborah dies
and how the character of Ray reacts to it.
And let me tell you, he let me in on it.
It's gruesome.
Yeah, that sort of Damocles has been swinging over
Patricia Heaton's head for some time now.
And it's probably why she turned out the way she did.
Well, Ray told me that he was kind of envisioning
a spinoff series in which Ray became a mentalist like
crime solver and there needed to be something
that fueled him into that.
And it did involve Deborah's gruesome, gruesome.
What if instead the series, he had been the lead suspect
and he had to find the person that did it
and it was called Everybody Hunts Raymond.
It's just all the different government agencies
working together to bring down Raymond.
You're a police officer.
Tell us where your brother is.
Yeah, it's led by his brother for reasons that are clear
and by his stepfather for reasons that are not.
Everybody loves Raymond's blood
because within it lies the pathogen
that will cure the world's ills.
A bearded outdoorsman, Joel, has to lead his charge.
Ray Romano through a zombie-infested wasteland
because Ray Romano's blood may be the only hope
humanity has for creating a vaccine to the zombie blood.
And then I heard that in the fourth season
of Everybody Loves Raymond, it was basically gonna be like
no one had been pregnant for a long time
but now Ray Romano was pregnant
and they were gonna call it Children of Ray.
And then it just seemed like he was just kind of doing
what different like post-apocalyptic things.
There was one where it was called Ray Box,
where it's like, Ray's in that box.
Don't look in that box.
Did you see 28 Ray's later?
Thank you so much for listening.
The Walking Deb.
Wait, the Walking Deb.
Wait, wait, wait.
Travis bursts into the door.
Wait, you can't lock me out.
The Walking Deb reopened.
What about the day after Romano?
Yeah, absolutely.
Absolutely.
Okay, thank you so much for listening to our podcast.
We very much appreciate it.
One more quick pitch.
The Max Fund Drive is-
For another Ray Romano show.
For another Ray Romano show that I just came up with.
That is gonna do it for us.
But the Max Fund Drive will keep on going
for a little bit longer.
You're running out of time though
to support the shows that you love.
Maximumfund.org forward slash join
is the address to do that.
Remember, a $5 pledge gets you all the bonus content,
which is great.
$10 pledge, you get the enamel pin
from whatever show that you choose.
At $20 a month, if you can pledge that,
gosh, we appreciate that.
And we're gonna send you a Max Fund game pack
with like dice and cards and stuff like that.
Plus the pin and the bonus content.
There's a beautiful camp mug at $35 a month.
There's just a lot of great stuff.
But the real thing is supporting the shows that you love.
And if you can do it, we know it's a weird time,
but if you can do that,
it really would mean the world to us.
We just really appreciate anything you can give.
So maximumfund.org forward slash join.
We appreciate those of you who are already donating so much.
Thank you, we know it's not easy
and it really does make our lives possible.
So thank you.
Thank you to John Roderick and The Long Winters
for these four theme songs.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed,
an album that makes my life possible
because I need that rock and roll in my veins.
I do have a final Yahoo.
This one was sent in by Emma Cant.
Thank you, Emma.
It's another anonymous Yahoo Answers user.
This one was sent in by Bear who asks,
how was the Golden Girls filmed
in front of a live studio audience
if it was filmed in a house?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
