The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the modern era.
But today, in recognition of our musical brothers who've been left out of the Grammy awards today,
we are going to be honoring, for the majority of today's show,
we're going to be picking up the categories that they let go of.
Travis, who took home the best new Zydeco of the fourth quarter award?
It was Zydeco Jones.
Zydeco Jones. I loved his second album, which was titled?
Movement in Zydeco.
You are bad at this.
I, some of my top Zydeco acts are the, I loved the Louisiana Creoles this year were great.
What about the Creole Opry? I like that one.
I like the Zydeco Sisters.
That was pretty good. I like Mojo Johnson and his Timbuktu twins. I love, they had a great year
with, they came out with a Cupid Shuffle and Lil Bootsy.
And Three Accordions, One Dream.
Yeah, that was really good. They're out of Port Arthur, Texas.
They got together while working in an oil refinery.
They studied under Clifton Schneer, who of course is regarded in most circles as the king of Zydeco.
I am going to miss the Zydeco Polka that Weird Al always treats us to every year,
combining all the winners into one.
And we're going to let, this year the Grammys let go of best Zydeco, best Tejano album,
that seems poorly timed, as we are now largely a Hispanic nation, and a Cajun music album, out.
Best contemporary folk, out.
It seems awful bold and brassy of them to just be like, ah, nobody cares.
Get out of here, Zydeco. Nobody wants you.
Maybe if-
That's not real music.
Yeah. If Katy Perry did Zydeco,
then maybe it would be the worst thing that anyone could ever hear.
Maybe it would be unlistenable.
It's not even like we're going to announce these awards given earlier.
We're just not going to do them.
I think it was, I can't believe that they boxed out Best Gregorian Chant 2011.
Yeah.
They got tired of Nickel Creek winning it every-
Every single time.
Hey, um-
How about Best Band with- Best Band with Nickel in it?
Best Band with Nickel in it.
Nickel- Nickelback.
Nickel Creek.
Nickel Creek.
Nickels Jones, who is another Zydeco-
Tommy Nickels and the Two Cents.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
And Jack Nicklaus.
Yep.
Golden- Golden Bear.
Golden Bear things, the golden hits.
Hey, I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
We're actually an advice show in addition to a Zydeco fan cast.
Um, so let's get into the actual advice, and we'll go-
We'll circle back around to more Zydeco chat.
Uh, I'm a 22-year-old girl.
I've recently broken up with my long-term boyfriend.
We dated since we were in high school.
We broke up two months ago.
Our anniversary would have been on Monday, February 13th, the day before Valentine's Day.
Do you have any sagely advice for what a newly single girl can do on her not-iversary
that's from new to the not-iversary?
Um-
Is it?
Um-
Do you know what?
You can't call-
The problem is you're calling it an not-iversary instead of what it really is, which is Monday.
That is the- that is the truth.
You are making a fake-
The days are the pits.
Any day, if it is a day other than-
No one's ever said, I had an unexpectedly good St. Patrick's Day.
Every holiday is always either a letdown or on par,
but you can have an unexpectedly good Monday.
Like, I don't know.
No.
Kind of worked out.
I went to the Thai house, saw that, uh, that, uh, for the love of the game on K1 cable.
It was a pretty good Monday.
You can't top a not-iversary, though.
How do you turn a not-iversary into a fucking full-blown rage?
I guess you- see, if it were me, you would start with buying myself an ice cream cake.
Yeah.
And then end with eating that ice cream cake.
Yeah.
Maybe you should be celebrating your freedom.
Maybe this is a liber-diversary or something.
Because you're out there looking on the prowl again, on the hunt.
Shark- sharks can't stay- sharks can't stay still because they will drown in the-
some of the plankton in there, in the ocean.
Uh-huh.
Sharks gotta move-
The krill- the krill is so thick.
The krill- you gotta shake the krill out your gills.
It's 20-
Shake the krill out damn grills.
Krills.
Shakes- well, your- well, your gills.
Shake the krill out bare gills.
Shake the krill out them gills and get to sharking again.
You gotta get out there and start swimming forward.
You can't stop.
It's time for a new boy.
All boy's done.
Done ski over.
He's in the rear view.
You know, now that you said that, I'm gonna throw out a term that you've just inspired me to,
Justin.
Feeding frenzy.
Oh my god.
Frenzy.
How do you turn an anniversary into a feeding frenzy?
You are three gobbles away.
Gobble, gobble, gobble.
Shark- sharpen up the teeth.
Get out there.
Get your- your pack of ladies together.
Oh, all the single ladies.
All the single ladies.
Make a shark shack, a murder of sharks.
Yeah.
Just shark pack it.
Get out to the club.
You want to hook up before midnight, though, because at midnight, you're still single.
You're just a lonely heart.
But right now, you're a motivated seller.
And maybe just crush some hearts, you know?
Oh, thank them.
Yeah.
Get the free drinks, bite your eyelashes, and then laugh in their face.
And then bite them.
Bite them and their surfboard.
Bite their surfboard and their legs.
What's the problem, officer?
He look like a seal.
Nom, nom, nom.
I'm in a feeding frenzy.
There was a drop of blood in the bar.
I could smell it a mile away.
If you go- if you go on a feeding frenzy, though, you got to be safe and protect it.
Yeah.
And the- and the cop will be like, oh, yeah, feeding frenzy.
I heard about that on my brother, my brother and me.
That makes total sense.
Trying to get it started.
Feeding frenzy.
It's a thing I heard.
Move along.
Go on ahead.
I'm pretty drunk.
It's also my nautiversary.
It's my nautiversary from sobriety.
Sorry.
Sorry.
I'm a cop.
You're under arrest.
I- I think those are our very good suggestions.
You're welcome.
All this is, of course, coming back to taking a bite of the recovery sandwich.
It's time to get back out there and normally it wouldn't be time, but it's cold.
It's cold outside.
You don't want to be alone.
I don't know.
I don't- I don't know how people do it.
You know, sans snuggles.
It's the- it's the body's most natural way of eating itself.
Yeah.
Yesterday there was a- there was a strange sex marathon on Nat Geo.
You really telling me you want to watch that alone?
You can handle that?
Wait.
Hold on.
Wait.
Nat Geo is like, check out these freaks.
Nat Geo is so dope.
Okay, here's the lineup on Nat Geo.
First, doomsday preppers.
Where people get ready for the doomsday and you watch them and you are happy you're not them.
They got undercover police.
You're happy that you're not them now.
Right, until Quetzalcoatl rears his head out of a dormant volcano.
Until they become like the Duke of Las Cruces.
Yeah, number one.
Yeah, I'm the king.
And then they got undercover princes.
They got that.
They're crushing it with that.
Is that like the Disney film?
No, there's like- I mean, it is similar to the plot of a Disney film.
These princes want a lady who wants them for them.
So they shuck their finery and they get out there and try to meet someone based on their own
fairly limited skill set of nothing.
And this is all on Nat Geo just waiting for you.
Nat Geo sounds like their shit is just really messed up.
But then you said Nat Geo has a show about like-
Bonin?
Fist- fist- well, fisting.
Whoa!
This is gonna sound like I'm fucking with you.
I watched- I watched an episode of Strange Sex yesterday about a man who's-
his penis went missing.
He couldn't find his penis.
He had an inverted penis.
Oh, man.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
And it's because he's had such a chub down there.
And he said- and he actually uttered the line,
I realized for the first time in 15 years, I looked down and I could see my genitals.
How is that a-
Genitals.
How's that a shock?
How's that not like a daily, like, affirmation?
Like, what the- yep, still there.
How does your penis go missing?
It went inside- back inside of him because of the panacea there.
There's so much chub in that region.
It's basically like-
His pubis?
His pubis swelled to the point where his penis inverted.
Wow, we've just lost every single person that has ever been to our show ever.
All right, let's talk about secrets now because we're the only people under the
people under the thrall of our voices that is-
Let us swap social security numbers.
Is his penis a ghost?
No, yeah, no, his penis saw its shadow.
Six more weeks of sleeping on the couch, Darryl.
Griffin, why don't you rescue us with a yahoo?
Sure, I'll pull us out of this as a penis.
Like a- like a- like a penis.
Pull it out like an inverted penis, Griffin.
You could do it.
This one was sent in by Lisa Holifield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It's by yahoo answers user David McMillan, who asks,
Is it wrong to call a woman handsome?
I sort of got in trouble for this the other day, but I defended myself.
Some women could just be described as handsome.
It doesn't mean that they are a lesbian.
It just means that they are not exactly feminine looking, but they are still attractive.
Does anyone know what I mean here?
Can I get an amen?
Amen.
Amen, I guess.
Is the woman a horse?
Because that's cool.
There are, I would say, few objects on this planet that I-
I would reserve the word handsome for.
Do you know what I mean?
Like a saddle?
A saddle or a- or a- oh, those are some handsome slacks.
Something like that.
Yeah, like that's a handsome flower arrangement.
But I don't think it- I don't think you can- I just don't think it.
Cybill Shepherd is a handsome woman.
That's a good point, Travis.
Kathy Bates is a handsome woman.
Well, let's not go crazy.
But what you- but what you're saying is- is that, like,
hey, you got kind of a Cybill Shepherd thing going on.
That's-
Oh, I don't think in any way it's a compliment.
Well, it does.
It kind of makes her sound like a dame, right?
Like- like a- like a handsome broad.
I like your getaway sticks, you handsome broad.
Is Maggie Smith handsome?
Yeah, Maggie Smith is handsome.
No, she is like a- she's like a- some sort of sea creature.
She's not a handsome woman.
Like, uh, who's a handsome woman?
Still.
Somebody- uh, you know, Diane Keaton is a handsome woman.
I don't under- I still don't understand the distinction,
because I would say that she is- she's just- she's just-
It's- I think it's like- I think it's like saying my granddad would probably want to hit it.
Yeah.
I think that's what a handsome woman means, right?
It means like she has moxie, she has spunk.
No, it's like you can appreciate what's going on there.
It's just not for you.
You know how sometimes, like, old people will say, like, if I were 20 years younger,
I think saying something- someone as a handsome woman is saying, like,
if I were 20 years older, I would hit that.
Yeah, I think that that's true.
That's horrible, though.
Yeah.
I know.
I don't know why you would say it to somebody.
It's a terrible thing to say about anyone.
Yeah, it's not a nice thing to say about a woman.
Although, I mean, like, I- is it- is it-
If Simple Shepherd is listening, I meant it as a compliment.
I'm a shepherd.
Loved you on Sibyl.
Siby.
Siby, you know I love you.
I didn't mean it.
Sibs.
Travis, if somebody said you were pretty-
I'd take that as a compliment.
That would treat you- that would treat you well?
Yeah.
I'd take pretty.
If someone said, like, well, there's a beautiful man, like-
They didn't say beautiful, though.
They said pretty.
There's a pretty man.
Well, I do have my foppish ways about me.
I don't have a problem with that.
But, see, you're- you're- I don't- I don't see- let's just- can we make all-
all, like, pleasant adjectives totally asexual?
What if it was just, like, that is, like, an attractive person?
Well, or we can just say that anything can be handsome.
Anything can be pretty.
Lovely.
Justin, you-
Lovely?
I haven't told you this lately, but you are just lovely.
You are divine.
Now, lovely and divine sounds like something you'd say, like, about your-
like, about your best friend who everybody thinks is gay but really isn't gay.
Yeah.
Oh, he's a lovely person.
What if-
He's a lovely person.
Travis, you are shapely.
Have I told you that lately?
Thank you, Griffin.
Griffin, I think you are pulchritudinous.
Okay, Travis.
What is-
Deal with it.
What does that mean?
You know what?
You're pretty.
You're painterly, I think.
You're symmetrical.
Painterly.
Okay.
That's good.
But that's- now we're talking, like, robot.
Yeah.
If you're- if you're- if you- if you say somebody has very Roman features,
I think that's good, because that is a nice way of saying, like,
you don't look nice, but maybe, like, a million years ago, back in Rome.
Yeah.
What's the- which-
Totally stickable.
Remind me, comely or homely?
Which one's the compliment and which one's offensive?
Did you say com- did you say comely?
A comely wench.
You mean comely, sir.
Excuse me?
How did you pronounce it?
You said it like it was dirty.
Comely.
Kevin, I need a ruling.
Is it comely or comely?
I- both are bad.
Don't Google it.
I need to know this for real.
I try to excise that word from as many other larger words as I possibly can,
so I'm gonna go comely.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Justin, if it makes you feel better, I'm willing to say that someone is a humbly wench.
I- that does not make me feel better at all.
I- I think there is a certain class of- of- of words you use to describe
female attractive appearance that you can only use if you're wearing, like, a black trench coat
and have a- and have a few swords at home.
Like, I think- I think-
If you- if you wear a fedora actively, then that's-
Right.
On purpose.
Yeah.
If some- if someone's ever said,
hey, I can see your vest bulge underneath your black trench coat, then- then-
then you can probably use words like comely.
Are those new steampunk goggles?
Those are lovely.
Those are divine.
I had them polished just for you, Christine.
Please leave your boyfriend.
Please go to Subway with me.
Who is- who is- who are these people who are complimenting people on the street?
It's me.
Hey, it's handsome stuff.
I like what- what all you got there.
Hey, handsome stuff, you wanna buy me a bus ticket?
I like here what you're working with.
There, text.
Uh, I- yeah, I think handsome could be misconstrued.
It just always seems like it's used as a euphemism.
Like, I've never heard someone say it in a convincing way.
I've never heard- nobody's ever called me handsome without the words little guy following it.
And- and usually- usually in the interrogative, who's my handsome little guy?
Question mark.
I- I've- I've never had it handsome unless it was followed by in context.
Which I-
Mine's usually followed with comparatively.
Yeah.
Yeah.
In the right light.
Um, I guess.
I guess.
For you.
Um, there- yeah, I- I think though I would steer away- I would steer clear of handsome.
I'm not sure that's gonna- I'm not sure you're gonna win that particularly.
It won't play.
Yeah.
That ball don't got legs.
It don't track.
Uh, hey, I'm looking to buy a diamond engagement ring.
Uh, I would like to get one with a diamond close to one carat,
but a good one that size is currently out of my price range.
You have any tips on getting a better price?
Or what channels I should go through to get a better deal?
That's from Engaged in Edmonton.
Travis, would you choose these questions?
What the fuck?
Like, what- what about me and Griffin makes you think,
I bet those guys got a good line on a diamond.
Well, I figured that with your extensive trading in blood diamonds,
you'd be able to like hook him up with something.
Steal- I guess theft?
What the fuck do you- I want the nice thing, but I don't want to pay money to do it.
You mine it out of the ground and you fucking- you kill.
You kill and take.
You would like- yeah, you would like to get one with close to one carat,
but you can't afford that.
Well, let me help you.
You don't- don't get that big.
Get a smaller one?
Maybe go smaller.
Maybe you're the real prize.
All I know- do you have anything about that?
I just know like about- I know a little bit about like purchasing things.
I know how to acquire things with money.
So in that sense, I guess I have- I guess I have a little bit of expertise here.
If you don't have the money for the thing, then you can't get the thing.
That's the problem with it.
Unless you get an apprenticeship at the jeweler.
That's good.
Are you talking about a heist?
No, I was talking about like working for it.
No, but let's go with heist.
Okay, diamond- diamond heist.
Now you're speaking our language.
Can you- can you do like a coal?
You press it down?
Like Superman?
No, if you- is that a power that Superman has?
He did it once or twice.
That seems kind of fucked up.
Yeah, doesn't it?
Okay, there's a pawn shop, right?
You can do that?
That's a thing, right?
Oh, you mean like-
You can go on pawn stars.
Go on pawn stars and get one for cheap.
Go on storage wars.
Hope you find one in a storage unit.
That could take a while, but you know, give it a shot.
Um, anybody else, when they hear pawn stars, they think that it just sounds like a New Orleans
southern gentleman saying porn stars?
Pawn stars!
Uh, this is- this isn't very good.
Nah, that's not very good, goof.
Kind of- kind of climaxed early, but I thought it was okay.
Um, I mean, girls- you know, girls don't really care about the size of diamonds.
If you're going with the size and you don't care about the clarity, you can get- you can
get cheaper.
Oh, that sounded good, Travis.
That sounded like a real thing.
You sound like a big, fat, muddy-ass diamond.
Yeah, if you're all right with some imperfections in the diamond, then you can get it for a
lot cheaper.
I got you this ring pop.
It's 450 carats.
You're talking about just the raunchiest, merriliest-
The nastiest, gnarliest, most-
I want a diamond with a fly in the middle.
Excuse me, waiter.
I want a diamond that I can use to clone dinosaurs.
You idiot.
You're so dumb.
I want a-
You're stupid.
That doesn't make sense.
You guys are dumb.
You guys are both stupid.
This guy's dumb.
Oh, I want a diamond the size of a can of soup, but I only have this many.
How many big-
How big a diamond for this many, please?
None.
I wish he'd give us some hard numbers, though, because I bet I could get him a-
I bet I could give him a better deal.
You see that Priceline Negotiator?
Maybe he could help you out.
He's not a real man.
Yeah, Priceline Negotiator.
You go to their site, go to priceline.com, say, I'm not going to pay a lot for this diamond.
Yeah, and then you, uh, you can pay any price you want.
I'm-
Here's what you do.
You call William Shatner.
You tell him you need a diamond real bad.
Say, I'm flying from Edmonton to Engagement Town, and I need a hotel for life.
That'll probably work out.
This is dumb.
You're dumb.
We don't know anything about this.
Why do you ask us this?
Ask somebody better.
Maybe a different setting?
Did you think about a crown setting?
Maybe a different setting.
Hey, what about, what about white gold?
Uh, so I guess in closing, sorry.
I guess in closing, ask, ask, ask somebody else better.
Or ask us-
Ask somebody better than us.
You either ask us about, like, farting in public, or you ask the diamond podcast,
you ask Jared.com about diamonds, because that's Jared's focal point.
Sometimes the best advice we can give is to tell someone that we're not their best.
Yeah, we're like Macy's in Miracle on 34th Street.
It's actually, it's honestly so rare that we're able to make that distinction.
I feel like we just really lean into it when it happens.
Griffin.
How about a-
Give me somebody, give me somebody we can help.
Okay, here's a, here's a good one.
This one was also sent in by Lisa Holofield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Ambie, who asks, I am trying to learn boxing.
The basic problem is, when a punch is thrown at me, I close my eyes and don't block.
Please tell me drills to do, because I really want to get over.
It's probably fear, because of which I close my eyes.
Wow.
So he's got one, he punches really good.
Right, the punches are on point.
His punches are like trains with fists on the end of them.
One prob though, one hang up though, is that when he gets punched, he says,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
The way he describes it in the question though,
makes it sound like he's really casual about it, because he doesn't block.
He's not ducking away.
He just closes his eyes, like, and just stands there.
If you can't see the fist, then they can't punch you with them or something.
Maybe this should be his thing, right?
Like you, I don't know, man.
I just kept swinging and he would just close his eyes and take it.
After like three or four, I felt bad.
I was intimidated.
I felt bad for him.
What is he doing in there, the little crazy little dude?
I kept putting his hands up for him and he would just drop them back down.
He looked like he was thinking really hard about how to punch me back.
And that kind of cerebral maneuvers, it's intimidating.
He had a strategy.
He's all up in my head, man.
Can you be a good boxer and take, and not, I mean,
maybe he's trying to learn how to take punches.
You get, so the solution is just have somebody punch you a lot
until you're not afraid.
It's immersion therapy.
Oh, you don't want to fight against callous face Jones.
Yeah, that's the, that's the, that's the, a lot of, a lot of people
don't realize that that's how you become a great boxer.
If you can arc it so that you become immune to punching before you die.
Yeah, it kills you because they hit some punch something in your brain and break it.
The trick is to take enough punches so that you're not scared of punches anymore,
but not too many punches so that you forget how to eat.
So that you forget how to chew and swallow food.
That's why, that's why Rocky drinks eggs because he forgot how to eat.
I just don't go on it.
I took too many punches.
I don't know how to eat to chew to chew.
That's why I sound like I do when I talk.
Hey, hey, yo Ziggy.
That was sliced alone.
That was good.
I thought.
Hey guys, I want to take a bunches.
Hey boo boo.
Hey boo boo, I'm a boxer.
I think I'm gonna close my eyes.
I am the law.
Pretty good impressions.
The important thing is not getting punched.
I think maybe if you punch them more.
What if you're, if they're too busy blocking your flurry of punches,
they're not gonna have time to punch you.
That's great.
They're gonna be Tucker.
You're just one big stupid glass cannon.
I would like to take this guy's story and turn it into like the next like Rudy.
Mm-hmm.
We're like the guy goes into the coach and he's like,
I want to be the best boxer.
Train me.
And the coach is like, I see something in you.
Let's do this.
And they get in the ring.
And the guy throws the punches.
The coach is like, that was a great punch.
Okay, now block.
Coaches like lays them out in the first punch.
Yeah.
It's like, hey, hey kid, you shouldn't box anymore.
And John Favreau comes in the next day.
He's like, hey, Rudy's dead.
Yeah, he's dead.
He punched him.
He punched him a bunch and he didn't block it.
Closed his eyes.
So at least he didn't see his death.
He died.
So that was merciful, I guess.
It's going to be a closed casket because he got, he did get pretty-
Whoa, whoa.
You punched the front of his face or the back of it.
Come on, coach.
Let me be a boxer.
I'll do anything to be a pro boxer.
Will you block?
I will not do that.
I will not do this one thing.
The one thing I will not do is block or open my eyes.
Do you dodge?
Well, with my eyes closed, it is hard to see which way to dodge.
Can we agree to that?
Like if you're going to get punched, like you probably don't want your eyes open.
Because he was there the whole time.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
They call him cornea Jones.
He punches him right in their open eyeball.
Actually, that's what happens in some pro fights is a person will get punched in their open eye.
And then you go, ow, ow, ow, wait, wait, wait.
And they have to wait.
Time out.
Time out.
It's the gentleman's role of boxing.
Do you know when they cut people in the corners?
What they're doing is cutting their eyelids off.
So they have to keep their eyes open.
A lot of people don't know that.
Why would they do that?
It's a harsh world.
It is a harsh world.
They also have that thing where they run the dry erase marker over their face to get rid
of some of the blood that's on there.
And then they make them smell like a bucket full of spit.
Like smell the spit.
I don't know.
Seems mean.
They fluff a little bit.
Just a little bit.
Hey, I have three best friends in my city.
They're all guys.
I'm a woman.
One of these guys is also my boyfriend.
My question is, is it normal and expected that they're all closer to each other than
they are to me?
I have girlfriends that I can talk to and spend time with independently of my other
boyfriend.
So it's not as if I have nowhere to go for advice and venting.
But the fact that you just asked us a question to the evidencing to that to the contrary,
but we'll continue forward.
I just wish I could go to my besties for that.
What do you think?
Am I expecting too much from my opposite sex friendships?
That's from second favorite.
Well, I got to think about this for a second.
I mean, I have my harsh reality opinion of it.
No, really?
I know.
But I feel like I mean, just just based on these facts without any other details, I feel
like there's a certain thing that happens, like where if your friends are friends with
your boyfriend, there's a certain amount that they probably have of just wanting to stay
out of tricky relationship stuff all together.
Yeah, because they're his guy friends, you know, so it's a minefield for them.
Minefield for them.
I know that it rubs some people the wrong way when you when you assign any sort of gender
attributes, and I'm not doing that.
We did do that earlier in the episode with the word handsome.
Uh huh.
Yes, that is that was different.
So we only get one pass per.
Candace Bergen is a handsome.
I was trying to think of her earlier.
I try to think of her often, but specifically Murphy Brown.
A handsome woman.
Is that a talented, award winning journalist?
Once you I think guys and girls can be friends with each other, and I think.
Sure, I don't think that's a problem, but I think once you decided you're going to date
one of them, you're going to date a guy, you have to.
Except that you are changing the dynamic, and part of that is when you have a problem
with the guy, you can't like it's not going to be as cool for you to go to his friends
to complain about it.
It's just not a safe split.
It's not a safe space anymore for for relationship stuff.
I don't mean everything, but I think of it specific to him.
Specific to your boyfriend.
I think you gotta go to other girls for that, and I think that even even in the most like
chaste, purely friendship situation, whenever you enter into a relationship, friendships
with the opposite sex become kind of just a little.
You know, a little weirder in general, I think on both sides because of this idea of like
I don't want to seem improper.
It just for some reason for me, it always got weird every time I've ever dated someone
and also been friends with, you know, and hung out with women and always just felt kind
of weird.
Yeah, you know, it really it and it doesn't have to do with the fact that of genders.
It has everything to do with the fact that they are friends with your with your boyfriend.
So they're not.
They can't be impartial.
They have loyalty to both of you.
It doesn't make them a good sounding board.
I mean, even if you want to be friends with other guys, that's fine.
Just it can't be guys that are also friends, you know, super close to your boyfriend because
they can't be objective and they're going to feel weird about about, you know, hearing
these complaints and not being able to do anything about it.
Yeah, that wasn't a very funny answer.
I just think you got it.
I don't think it's sexist to say that every lady should have her shark pack and every
dude should have his his his bro pack.
Right.
I is that weird that sometimes you just seek out the the company even briefly of of one
gender?
I mean, I do that.
And like my girlfriend does that.
And all of my friends here in Austin have like there's ladies nighttime and now there's
dudes.
Yeah.
And is that I don't think I think that's completely normal.
I think that that's I think that that is is healthy to have, you know, like just I'm not
saying like you can't be friends with the opposite gender, but every so often you want
to be like, hey, let's just like bro out, you know?
Yeah.
Or let's have a feeding frenzy.
Ladies just want to feed, you know?
Yeah.
They try to unhinge your jaws and just eat men whole.
I think you might be misinterpreting it.
I don't think it's that they are closer to each other than they are to you, because I
would fucking hope that your boyfriend's closer to you than he is to his bros.
But but I just think that it's sometimes they seek the solace of yeah, of gentlemen.
I it is hard, though, and I and I know that you would like to be able to I know you'd
like to be able to talk to, you know, your your other dude friends about it, but you
just have to accept that goes with the territory.
Once you start dating somebody and put that into the dynamic, you can't just turn that
off because you'd like their their advice.
It's it's a different it's a different world now.
And I think that you also it's a sticky situation because we've also gotten questions
from the other side where women have complained that they're, quote, just one of the guys.
You know, and like the fact that they still see you as a woman and don't include you in
their bro time is not necessarily a bad thing.
Yeah, it's not as bad as saying bros a lot, which we happen to be doing.
So we'll try to break that.
So he wants to go hang out with his bros keys.
Yeah, you know, if you want to go and out and yeah, is there a better word for men?
Friends like dude pals, dude pals.
OK, dude buddies, dude buddies, air buddies.
But what about just buds with a Z and you say with the Z and that's how you know that
it's in reference to a man.
That's pretty much how I say it about drugs, though.
Gentlemen callers can our podcast now just be called three buds, but buds and out in
my newspaper.
There was a story about a guy who did a Mario mural for his kid and they were quoting him
about the about the the the Super Mario Brothers game.
He said, I used to love that when I was a kid.
Mario and Luigi were buddies.
No, they weren't.
That's no, that's no, that's adorable, though.
When it was actually I would like to point out that they're never in the same place at
the same time.
Yeah, you don't even know that they enjoyed each other's company.
Hey, adults, when you say buddies, it's adorable.
Keep it up.
Keep it up.
You've earned it.
You went without dying for lots of years.
So you have earned the right to say buddies.
Griffin, you know what I've earned the right to do?
Be buddies with money.
Money, buddy, buddy, money, buddies.
And now here's a segment.
Money Buddies.
We are we are launching a journey today, an epic poem that is really a partnership between
us and our new friend, Eric Noreen, and his project, his his product, his fucking revolutionary
like revolution or change your life, change your life.
It's called Stack.
Prepare to kick yourself in your own ass for being so stupid for not coming up with this
first.
You're going to get ready to be an idiot because you did not.
You've been an idiot your whole life.
You didn't even know it.
You I want you guys to know that I really feel like you're talking directly to me.
You are a dumb shithead for not thinking of this product.
You stupid asshole.
Stack is not helping this.
It is.
It is specially created.
It's hard to describe the shape.
You should probably just go to stacksoap.com and you'll see.
But it's a it's created in such a way with that sort of divot.
It's it's pringular.
I would say it's pringular.
It's got a pringular design to divot at the top.
You you wash yourself with the stack soap and then you wear it down to the point that
it fits perfectly into your next bar of stack soap.
What the stack soap the divot has the word stack in it and like letters that stick out
so that it just it adheres to the wet sliver of soap that you have remaining and it forms
a new bar of soap that you whittle down to another sliver and fit into the next thing
of stack soap.
I feel so stupid.
You dumb piece of shit.
Never have a stack.
Never have a soap sliver again.
If you here's the thing, though, we're trying to get this made.
He's trying to get a a copper mold.
That's one of the last last components he needs.
But it's going to cost a little cheddar.
It's going to cost nine grand.
But we're all going to team up to get it made.
So go to go to stacksoap.com and you will find a Kickstarter.
If you get on board, the first thousand people can pledge what they want and they're going
to get six bars of stack soap, whatever they think is fair.
And and that includes shipping.
So don't you know, don't go on just just pledge a buck.
But the first thousand people that do that are going to be able to to pledge what they
want for a bar of stack.
So let's see.
Let's get six bars, six bars.
Let's get on the offensive right now.
Right.
If you're using body wash, you are just moving your funk around, right?
You're just moving the funk around.
If you don't have a solid lie based product, then you are as dumb as Travis is.
Yeah, you've got to have a stack, a physical, tangible, solid, not a plasma, a solid ass
piece of soapy matter.
No matter how handsome you are, if you're not using soap, you're an idiot.
You're a child.
You're a dirty child.
You're a dirty child, idiot child.
You're like an idiot, dirt child.
This is the infinite soap bar cycle and you can get on board with it right now.
Go.
This is like ground level.
Like you can get in on the first floor of this and go to stacksoap.com right now.
We're going to be following this.
This is going to be an effort between it's a it's a co production of my brother, my brother
and me and the maximum fun network.
February and a little bit of March is get yourself clean month with stack soap.
We don't have a jingle at this exact moment, Griffin.
I want to make it.
This is this is the longest relationship we've ever had with a promotional partner.
So when I turn it out, I want it to be like a like a Coca-Cola theme song.
You know, Coca-Cola, drink it all day and all night.
You remember that one?
That little ditty from the 40s.
They played it on the radio serials.
Anyway, when I turn this shit out, I want it to be like Space Jam 2.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Epic.
I want it.
I want it to be like I want it to be in the Grammys.
I like you getting garage band and just lay down some track.
I've been laying down some loops and I've got a few Samba beats that I like.
So we'll see.
We'll see what turns up.
But I promise Stack Soap the best jingle that they've ever heard.
So go to stacksoap.com and while you're getting clean with your new
Stack Soap, you can listen to another great podcast on the Maximum Fun Network,
which you will hear about right now.
Hello there, my name is Graham Clark.
And I'm Dave Shumka.
And together we host a podcast called Stop Podcasting Yourself.
This is a file that you download from the internet and then you listen to it in your pod.
What's that about, you ask?
Well, who are you to ask?
Who do you think you are?
Yeah, get lost, bozo.
We're a couple of stand up comedians in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
And every week we bring a guest on the show.
Sometimes they're Canadian.
Sometimes they're not.
Sometimes they're a ghost.
It's like you're sitting in on a friendly afternoon chat.
Plus, we're Canadian.
So you get a tax break.
You can find us on iTunes or online at MaximumFun.org.
Let's come back with a Yahoo answer.
This one was, Jesus, this one was sent in by Lisa Holofield, too.
Thank you so much, Lisa.
Crushin' it, crushin' it, fan of the year.
Can she just have some money?
Yep.
Someone give her some money.
This was asked by Brian, who asks,
is it illegal for me to upload a picture of me with a sword to Facebook?
I want my default pic to be one of me with the sword I got in eighth grade.
If I do not look threatening, is this illegal?
Any ins and outs I need to be aware of?
P.S. I will look civilized.
Call Guinness, because it's the first time a dude has ever looked civilized with a sword.
It's me.
I'm wearing a frock, and this is my gentleman's foil.
How civil.
I'm actually, I'm looking at the Facebook rules right now about posting pictures,
and it says to do it, you have to have a really intense look on your face
and be holding the sword somewhere down around your crotch.
You have to have photoshopped fire, like Dragon Ball Z fire,
on the sword and possibly in your eyes.
And it has to say something above it, like, Destiny.
And you have to make sure that you tastefully trimmed your scraggly beard.
If somebody could photoshop us, pictures of us like that, I will make it my face.
I want nothing but Dragon Ball Z photoshops of us.
There's fire and swords, laser beams, tails.
Maybe he meant Sybilized, which is to look like Sybil Shepherd.
I like the idea of Sybilized better, like us in full 1930s military regalia
with an epée in one hand and a tea sandwich in the other.
Very fancy.
Like a gentleman with a sword.
Who gave you one in eighth grade?
Who did that to you?
Who did that to you?
You're too young for that.
You're too little.
You're just a baby.
Unless it was his sensei.
Yeah, his sword sensei.
Oh, you're saying once he had learned all the strokes and all the stabs.
What are the cuts?
Cut one.
Left stab.
Leftward cut.
We have it on this show.
We take a pretty hard line against people putting things on their Facebook that aren't them,
such as their dogs and their babies and their dead grandmothers.
That's the one that's killing me, guys.
You gotta stop.
Stop, but I think that if you are the sort of dude
that would put a picture of you with a sword on Facebook,
that's probably pretty good.
Oh, God.
I swear to God.
I thought you said sword of dude.
Like the sword of dude.
I had no idea what it meant.
I don't know.
It's awesome.
Behold the sword of dude.
No, you're the sword of dude.
I'm more interested in this person thinking he's gonna get in trouble
for uploading a picture of him with a sword to Facebook
and then somebody being like,
is he fucking threatening me?
Whoa, oh, God.
In the picture, I am covered in blood.
Oh, God.
I was looking at my newsfeed.
I saw a picture of you with a Final Fantasy replica sword,
and I got spooked because I thought you were-
Put down that buster sword.
Hey, Skylar Zuckerberg.
You knew, you knew this call was coming.
You fucked up.
What is that?
A katana-naka?
Put that down.
I respect your people.
I respect your traditions.
You can't put a sword on my book.
I got a call from Spider-Man.
He said, I got spooked when I loaded my newsfeed.
I saw a picture of his katana.
I saw his epi, and I said, nope.
I closed the window because I was afraid.
Griffin, you have to take me inside the bit
and tell me what Spider-Man is friends with Skylar.
Spider-Man.
Spider-Man is the guy who was his friend in the movie.
Oh, I got you.
Spider-Man was his best bud.
I like to believe that all films share continuity.
I know you guys, you've heard about me.
Shortly after founding Facebook and suing for rights,
he was bitten by a spider and became Spider-Man.
Oh, I get it.
So that's what that's what spurned him to fight injustice.
He was like, that's it.
I'm going to fight villains from now on.
That's why he's ultimate Spider-Man,
because he's rich as fuck.
So when he said, you better lawyer up
because I'm coming after you,
what he meant was time to start ducking webs.
Yeah.
Because I got spiders, spider powers in here.
Spider blood pumping through my veins,
which doesn't sound that intimidating
when you say it like that.
No.
You know what is intimidating?
What?
A man with a sword.
That's a real power move.
Spider-Man with a sword.
Do you, do you use Facebook for business or just person?
No, it's pretty much just personal stuff.
I haven't got a lot of business traffic through there.
You should see my LinkedIn page.
It's, there's a lot of,
I would say civilized sword picks in there.
It's a-
I'm available for parties.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'll spend nunchukus around.
I got a whole bo staff routine worked out.
It's pretty sick.
Now I will be honest.
I do not know much about venture capital,
but I do have, I own many swords.
So-
I'm highly motivated.
Here's a reference letter from my sensei.
I used to own swords, everybody.
I still have swords.
There's nothing wrong with that.
I'm just not going to like take Facebook.
It's like, I mean, there's lots of,
okay, I have a Crock-Pot,
but if my Facebook picture is me holding a Crock-Pot above my head,
like, yes, look at it.
This is me.
This is me in 2012 with a Crock-Pot.
It's all about it.
Like it doesn't matter.
Like putting it in your Facebook picture is,
it defines you.
I mean, it is your, that is your outside message to the world, right?
Well, I think if you're the kind of person that owns swords,
then you're the kind of person that owns swords
and there's no getting around that.
You know, I have a sword and you guys want to know a secret?
Not.
Okay, great.
This is really dicey, but I'm going to go with yes.
I would never own a gun,
but I see nothing wrong with keeping a sword by the bed for protection.
Is this about to get,
are we about to have an argument about the lethality of swords?
No, no, no.
I'm just saying like, I see nothing.
I would like to envision a circumstance in which a criminal breaks into my house
and has a gun and I draw a sword.
You're telling me you could more easily stab a stranger with a giant sword
than you could shoot a stranger.
Like you severed their-
No, I'm hoping that they're shocked.
You stab them in the guts and then you see it.
You see everything.
You watch their intestines spill out across your Davenport.
I can do a pretty deep lunge and I feel like it'll be really intimidating.
That's, Travis, that's the most fucked up thing you've ever said out loud.
I don't think that's true.
Why don't you just keep a heavy rock next to the bed, fucking,
you Lord of the Fly psychopath?
I keep that under the couch.
I just want to, I would just like to, I don't want my kids getting hurt,
but I would like the feeling of crushing a man's skull with my bare hands.
So I'll just keep a big rock next to my bed.
Now the floor does open up into a sort of boo-boo box scorpion trap.
But it's that, I mean, guns, yuck.
Not for me.
Not for me, but I do have a table that I lay them on
and I saw a pinches off until they bleed out on my floor.
Travis, you do have to do me a favor though.
If you ever get into this imaginary situation, you gotta tube it for me.
I gotta see what happens.
I, seriously, I will make a whole Bravo series about that night you did that dumb thing.
That's fair.
Yeah, I, do you, okay.
If you have the sword and they are like, they see you, okay?
Describe that very next-
This is how I picture it going.
It's a very slow burn down to their gun
and then they slow burn down to my sword.
Okay.
And then they drop the gun and just start backing away.
Okay.
That's how I hope it pans out.
You have, why?
Why would that happen?
Because otherwise they shoot me in the face.
Yeah, right.
I mean, no, definitely.
I'm pretty well versed in the actual thing that will definitely really happen.
I'm kind of curious.
I want you to take me sort of inside and why you think they're gonna see this.
Well, I also have the true faith that like in an emergency situation,
I would just immediately be able to have like the-
The Dragon Ball Z fucking superpowers?
Yeah, I just feel like Ninja would just come upon me
and I would just move like a-
No fucking bullets would come up on you.
You would be dead.
Your hope is that maybe the gunman will be superstitious
about shooting mildly retarded Amish boys.
I would much rather be shot than stabbed.
I'm out of here.
Now, I just want to point out though,
if you were gonna get shot by someone robbing your house,
wouldn't you want it to be sword in hand?
No!
You don't want to go out like that?
Like a Ren Faire-ian actor?
No, I don't want to go out like that.
I want to go out like a man whose house got robbed with dignity
while he was in his bedroom.
I want to go out with a wizard wand
because I would stand a better fucking chance
than you would with your goddamn sword.
What were his last words?
His last words were,
Presto, I'm a dipshit.
Travis's last words were,
my name is Inigo Montoya.
You kill-
Opsies!
That was Travis's last word.
He was doing the monologue,
but then he said,
Opsies.
He said something about the quickening
and then he bled out.
He was dead as fuck.
He was really dead
and I miss him so much.
He was my brother.
He was a stupid man,
but I loved him very much.
He was great with a sword,
as long as his enemy was not armed with a gun.
Or any other weapon
because swords are bullshit.
Oh man,
gotta tube that for me.
My house,
where I still live with my parents,
was recently broken into.
We had some electronics and jewelry stolen,
if only,
if only,
had been armed with-
With Sarah Travis McElroy.
We had a security door installed
to distort-
Oh God,
let me try again.
We had a security door installed
to deter any further attempts at theft
and I believe my parents find that to be enough.
I, however,
would prefer to be more proactive
and aggressive towards future thieves.
Swords!
So what methods would you suggest
for further fortifying my home?
A katana rack by the bedroom door.
Oh, a katana rack.
That's good because you're-
It's both stylish and efficient.
You might be cutting him so many times
and not being killed for so long
that you can wear down the edge
on your first katana.
So it's good if it's a band of thieves.
Oh, good.
Yeah,
cause you might bury your katana
in one of their chests
while you're not getting shot.
Hey, can I have that back?
Ah, no.
At least I killed one of you.
I don't want to distract from my stupidity,
but I do have the question as to
what is a security door?
It's like a-
Isn't that like a door?
I mean, yeah,
but I think it's like metal.
So you can't get through it.
There's a retina scanner.
I'm pretty sure.
And there's a picture of Travis
with a sword on the front of it.
Beware of idiots.
And then it says the words inside
and then there's an arrow pointing to you.
Just wait.
This is inside.
Stab, stabs and hoys.
Beware of swordsmen.
It says, it says,
beware of swords at the top
and then at the bottom it says,
do you really want this on your conscience?
Go on.
He's, he's got enough problems.
He's actually six.
He has progeria.
This is my son, Jack.
He has Jack disease.
He has Jack disease.
Thinks he's a knight.
His shit is fucked.
Please be careful.
It's the weird thing now.
He has a lot of diamonds.
So if you're in the market for a cheap one,
he's your guy,
which is probably why you're breaking in.
But we'd rather you not.
So, um, I panic room.
Yeah, gotta go panic room.
You get a panic room
and don't get a half ass panic room.
That's what I found.
If you hang a blanket up over your closet,
that is not a panic room.
I'm afraid that's a,
that is a tiny closet
in which you may very well panic.
If I knew Travis had a sword in the house,
no room in my home wouldn't be.
I would constantly be panicking about it.
I hope he doesn't get it out today.
So are we done here?
Have we helped enough for one week?
I think so.
Jesus.
So thank you so much for listening.
Thank you to everyone
who's been tweeting about the show.
Turbo Toaster,
Real Mike Dempsey,
Real Nate Miller.
There's a lot of real people,
which I like.
DJ Shanty,
World Champ Dan,
Infinite Brads,
Zek Becker,
Ham Doctors,
our old friend,
Craig C,
Jens Dietrich,
so many people,
Fitzy Bear,
and Casey Fitz,
who I guess loves us more than her husband now.
Okay.
Which is fine.
Which we're used to that.
I think secretly in their heart of hearts,
every wife and every husband
loves us more than their significant other.
It's life.
Nothing to feel bad about,
but thank you guys so much
for tweeting about the show.
Just use the MBM hashtag
when you do that.
Hey, don't forget that
the second My Brother,
My Brother,
and Me mixtape
by our friend Rocky Horror
is live.
What's the best way of getting that?
I think iTunes.
If you search Hell House,
it's a podcast on iTunes
and it's the February episode.
Oh, well, there you go.
That's a fine way of getting it.
You can also go to myspace.com
forward slash Rocky Horror-fied
to learn more about our friend.
I don't know if he's still using that or not,
but he's also Rocky Horror on Twitter.
He's fine in that way.
You probably just ask him.
RH Club Music.
That's his website.
RHclubmusic.com
So go there and go get the second
My Brother, My Brother,
and Me mixtape
and support him.
Support all the other Maximum Fun podcasts.
Please do us a favor, guys.
This week, go to the Maximum Fun forum
and just talk about us.
Talk about this episode.
We'll put a thread up
and I promise this week
I'll be better about being in there
and talking to people.
So if you want to come by,
tell us what you thought, talk.
We will all go in there
and chat people up this week.
So find that thread and comment on it
because the other guys get...
They talk about their show and...
They're so popular.
They're more powerful than ever.
And I just want a little taste of that.
So make sure that whatever you do,
you go to Stacksoap.com
and you check it out.
Buy some Stacksoap.
And you tell them we sent you.
I want to thank John Roderick
and The Long Winters
for the use of our theme song
It's a Departure off the album
Putting the Days to Bed.
I saw a lot of people on Twitter
saying they bought it
and that made me smile
a little bit in my heart
because it's a good album.
It's a great band.
And sometimes I just like to think
that I'm sitting under the same big white moon
just listening to the same tunes
as somebody else in the world, you know?
Yeah, that's good stuff.
Forming a lunar music connection.
That's beautiful, Griffin.
You're a beautiful man.
So that's it.
That's our show.
Happy Valentine's Day, everybody.
Yeah, find somebody special you love
and just squeeze them.
Squeeze them.
And keep listening.
Go subscribe on iTunes and rate us
and retweet the tweet about this show
and we'll see you next week.
Go and put us on your Facebook if you want.
I don't know.
Something.
But thanks for listening.
We love you.
Thanks, everyone.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Gali Ayali.
Thank you, Gali.
It's by Yahoo Answer's user, Turn, who asks,
would Christianity be as popular as it is today
if the Jesus was depicted more like Danny DeVito?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This is with my brother.
My brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
It's way out of the way.
Keep your heart, Three Stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart, Three Stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three Stacks, these girls are smart.
Three Stacks, Three Stacks, Three Stacks, Three Stacks.
