The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Guys, I have breaking news from 22 Infinite Loop, or whatever the fuck Apple's address is.
This is my brother. My brother and me in advice for the modern era.
What's the news?
Let me break out this fucking tech news. I'm trying to get the SEO right,
and you're stepping on my... What are you doing?
That's the breaking news sound.
Yeah, that's the one we paid that studio thousands upon thousands of dollars to make,
and you got so mad at us because you said it sounded like us going boop-boop-boop-boop.
Here, let me hit play again, so you can do your breaking news.
Breaking news from 22 Infinite Loop. It's the new model of everyone's favorite touchable.
It's the guy phone. They changed it. It's the new model.
Going along just like Dr. Pepper and 7up. This is just for men.
Nope, that's not it. It's a little anthropomorphic phone. It lives in your pocket.
It's just a little guy. He's just a little guy. He lives in your pocket,
and he does all the things that iPhone 5 did.
Is he saved like a phone or a guy?
He is... Imagine a hybrid of both.
Okay, wait. Okay, wait, hold on. So like a phone with arms and legs,
or like a man with a phone for a face.
It does. It has appendages. Okay.
It has appendages, and it has a fleshy, scratch-resistant exterior.
The thing you should know about the appendages is that they are extremely breakable.
Oh my god. It's like Mr. Glass from Unbreakable.
You'll never stop hearing about it.
So be careful.
You have a phone call. Must be nice. I don't have arms. I'm guy phone.
Also, there's an unwrapped Starlight Mint in here. It's terrible in here.
It sucks.
Please don't leave your iPhone in a jar.
I need you to have baggy pants, please.
I need you to be the legend of baggy pants, and I need to ride around in there.
And if you could wrap me in pillows, I'm so fragile.
Did you want to apps? Did you want to Angry Birds on me?
Angry Birds on my tummy.
Angry Birds on my tummy? We used to Angry Birds all the time, Dave.
My battery's dying!
I'm dying.
That's what I need.
I need a guy phone that can tell me when I shanked it on Super Stickman Golf,
even though I know. I know. I did. I know it.
Oh, a little high. A little too much mustard on that tomato.
Thanks, guy phone.
I would like a guy phone that was sitting there like,
hey, we're going karaokeing tonight. Don't you have to work tomorrow?
You really think it was a good idea?
Ew, gosh. I don't know. Better set an alarm on me now.
So what I want is a tiny pocket nanny.
Pocket nanny from the makers of guy phone.
My name is Justin McElroy, by the way.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy. Ten thousand dollars for the guy phone.
Does it make calls?
They have a cheaper model. It does not make calls, no.
It does not.
They have a cheaper model that doesn't make calls or have apps, and it's just a small man.
That's cheaper?
It's called the guy phone Stephen.
Neither are a phone.
No, it's also not. It's not a living. It's a tiny. It's a little corpse.
Guy phone does.
Wait, guy phone Stephen is dead?
Yeah, it's a dead. It's a dead pygmy corpse and you carry it around and it doesn't have apps,
but you can still like play with it at the movies.
Does it ward off evil?
Doesn't do any of that. No, that's very, very nonfunctional, but it is cheaper than the guy
phone, so just food for thought.
Which as we've already established is pretty limited in terms of functionality already.
Listen, your kids are going to ask for the fucking guy phone for Christmas.
You don't have ten stacks to drop on each and every one of your seven kids,
so I've got a cheaper option for you.
We call it the guy phone Stephen.
Guy phone Stephen comes in a lot of different colors. He is a dead corpse.
He's a dead corpse. I'm not going to beat around the bush. We're selling you a corpse,
but it's cheaper than the guy phone, so you'll be able to fill all those Christmas wishes.
Great stocking stuffer. Guy phone Stephen's not going to complain about being stuffed.
He's got the same features as the guy phone. Very breakable, very brittle appendages.
I'm ready to make a buy. How much do I have to lay down for guy phone Stephen?
Guy phone's $10,000. What's guy phone Stephen going to run me?
$14.99. $14.99 and you can have your own guy phone Stephen.
You are going to have to walk me through how we are not... I mean,
where are you finding these Lilliputians for your experiments,
and how are we not going to wipe out this resource?
I don't want to be accused of false advertising in saying that it is very much similar.
The guy phone Stephen is very similar to the guy phone. These are obviously failed guy phones.
These came out of the printing press a little sloppy.
So these are guy phones into which we were unable to breathe life.
Yes, they are. They are these half formed golems.
They are lots of variation in the models. Some of them are very big, which people
aren't crazy about, just having these really big mutated corpses.
But $14.99 price it can't be beat coming out this November 32nd.
Get it. Get it.
Guy phone Stephen.
That's all for today, and now everybody Coolio.
I'm Coolio, and I'm here to say I like guy phone Stephen in a major way.
That's Coolio.
He has not missed a step.
He is still, and then he's going to drop in a fantastic voyage and lots of tiny Stevens
are going to just flop on the stage from the ceiling.
Be dropped like so much dead confetti.
Guys, how old do I have to be to call people in college kids?
I'm 25, and I really want to do that. That's from Caleb in New Zealand.
God, don't call anyone below 13 a kid.
I'm getting to that age where everyone's a kid to me now.
Yeah, but you don't hold on, but there's a difference.
Are you like, are you specifically referring to someone like, look at that kid?
Are you saying like kids today or those college kids?
Cause I think that's a lot less. That's innocuous.
You know, say like college kids these days are like, well, I don't want to go hang out
with college kids at some college bar, but I think if you like point at a 22 year old
and you're like, look at this kid over here.
Like everyone is a kid because every, the distinction for me is do they have
responsibilities? And if you're in college, you don't.
I mean, you probably don't. You might have some.
They may seem like responsibilities that you have, but you don't.
That's not accurate.
Are they sexually active? Middle schoolers.
By the time you reach middle school, this is, I saw Pew research study about this.
By the time that anyone ever reaches middle school, they're already hooking up.
They're already, you know, shagging and snogging.
You can't look at a middle schooler that, you know, this Saturday night is going to
make sweet love to a woman or to a man and say, look at that kid.
Look at that sexually active kid. It's not right.
But he also doesn't have a job.
That doesn't matter.
It does to me.
Lots of adults don't have jobs.
And their kids.
You're saying that unemployed to a kid?
Yeah.
Oh, you got fired?
You're a kid again.
You're a kid now.
Listen, if it was that way, I would tender my resignation right now.
But if you have if you have no job, but you have a child, you become a young adult.
OK, I don't understand.
It's a weird sliding scale.
I have it written down somewhere.
Is there any gradient between the two or is it just hard stop?
You're a kid now.
Yeah. You mean if you become like a part time employee, then you're a teenager.
Griffith, Travis, you realize these are tied to ages, right?
I mean, you're you're we're having a lot of fun here so far.
You realize these are our delineations for ages.
Yeah.
I did not.
OK.
But I'm also not ashamed.
Well, I guess that's I guess that's something.
Travis is a West Virginia heart.
He's living mountain proud.
He doesn't care about the role society makes for him.
He's a mountain proud.
Can we change the name of our podcast to Mountain Proud?
Don't call anyone a kid.
I think I think God, once you're like an irascible 70 year old who like only sits on their porch
exclusively, then you can start busting out that kind of vernacular.
You're 20 fucking five. No way.
Because realistically, like and I get it because I do the same thing.
But the reason that you want to do that is to feel superior is so that you can be like,
I've seen some shit and they are still kids.
And like, yeah, I get it.
But it's always going to kind of even people around you that want to do the same thing.
It's always going to make you seem a little bit judgy.
See, it's our fucking it's our stupid fucking language devoid of any and all honorifics.
That is what that is what Japanese has got on us.
Like they have a system, a regimented system in place for referring to people based on
their place compared to yours in like the social cast.
We don't have anything like that, because if so, like, you know, I would probably call you guys,
you know, misters Travis and Justin.
And you would call me like Lil Griffin or something like that.
Can we please get that started?
I think we probably could.
I have news for you, Caleb, why you should be careful.
I'm 32.
You're 25.
Guess what?
You're a kid to me.
You're 25 years old.
You're a kid.
You're a baby boy.
You're a sweet baby boy.
Travis is going to be 30 years old in November.
Oh, Jesus.
I know.
Can you imagine?
What do you think you're going to be to him?
I have a hint for you.
A kid.
This fucking podcast is not unless you be kidded.
Think about it.
This podcast is going to be like two and a half fucking men when Travis turns 30.
It's two adults and a young upstart, crazy religious son.
And introducing Lil Griffin.
He melted the heart of a nation.
I eat it all the potato chips.
I've never watched a single episode of that show.
Where's the potato chips?
I have a date.
I eat it all.
Have you seen my slingshot?
What?
I actually just found my I eat it all the potato chips t-shirt from when Lil Griffin
was still really big on TGIF.
It is a collector's item now.
So I'm going to try to hold on to it.
It's going to come back.
You know, they're getting the reunion.
They're doing it.
You guys want to Yahoo?
Yeah.
Um, this Yahoo was, uh, this Yahoo was sent in by Julie Ken.
Thanks, Julie Ken.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Koolaidman who asks how to make my clothes smell clean.
I have gym tomorrow and I don't have time to wash them.
How would I make them smell clean or just smell good with spraying them with tag work?
Sorry, what's tag?
One more time.
Is that like the body spray?
Is that a body spray?
So there's three body sprays, right?
There's the, there's the Trinity of douche smells and there's ax, there's tag, um, which
is very much, it's, I believe it is also delivered in aerosol form.
And then there's bod, uh, which I don't know if you guys remember bod.
It was, it was a fully blown liquid form that came in a little Windex bottle.
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
And you would spray that.
Oh yeah.
I want your bod.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
A very successful eye campaign, very successful, uh, uh, perfume.
Um, and you, yeah, you just spray that on your clothes or on your wiener and then you're
ready to go for the Eve.
What about Saber with four R's at the end?
Was that, am I misremembering that as a, as a pretty, a pretty popular one?
I think you're misremembering that as like an extant thing.
Saber.
Remember it was like, it was like Alpine Stink and Mountain Wafter and.
Yeah.
Truck, truck bed gravel.
Cloud shaker.
Midtime Saturdays.
Yeah.
Bad time Saturdays.
Fucking casual cretins.
Uncle Dylan secret.
They had lots of different.
Uncented.
You just, you just mist yourself with a, a saline.
I'm dry.
Sort of saline solution.
I'm really dry.
Um, take that with you to the theme park.
Sure.
Treat yourself.
Treat yourself to a little spritz, spritz, little spray.
How do you make clothes smell, um, in Ghostbusters, he says that if you leave a shirt in the sun
for an hour, it'll smell good.
Is that, is that a possibility?
I thought it was that he left it outside his window so that the wind would blow through
it and take all the stink particles away.
I'm not sure on the physics of stink.
No little, little bugs are attracted to it.
They'll come harvest your stink.
Take it back to their, um, um, you know, the drones will take your stink particles back
to the queen.
Build a stink nest.
It's just like the circle of life, I guess.
Beautiful.
Yeah.
I'm so glad that my stink is being put to a good purpose.
Would you rather just waste it?
Would you rather just like flush it down the washing machine, Justin?
No, you're right.
I'm, I'm eco.
I'm green.
I use shopping bags at the shopper and, uh, I, I, uh, I'm into this.
I'm into stink harvesting.
I actually wash my clothes in the river, uh, with sharp, uh, jagged stones.
Um, so that way all the stink forms into a reef, um, that can host marine life.
Yeah.
You always have to fucking one-up me.
Well, I'm just saying, like, I'm trying to live a green life.
I'm sick of it.
I'm sick of it.
I don't take baths anymore.
I'm sick of it.
I feed my clothes.
Do I use deodorant?
I feed my clothes to my kids and that's like a fun way of like reducing my footprint.
Um, because my kids die and then they don't, they don't like do anything and they don't
like consume anything anymore.
I, I actually send, uh, all my unwanted, uh, stinky clothes, uh, to, uh, starving children
in Africa.
Uh, so they can wear like my print at Hardy T's, um, some of my, like my Ginko jeans.
Oh, they love that shit.
They love it.
They love the bag.
Oh, that is a great, please tell me that you wore your Ed Hardy T and your Ginko jeans
together while you sprayed yourself with unscented bod and just like got ready to get
fucked.
When they see me, I want them to be like, ah, that dude is classy.
And I know that because his t-shirt says classy.
Travis isn't just a look.
Travis isn't just a person.
Travis is an aesthetic.
Really?
Yeah.
You know what?
What I'm doing is I'm, I'm selling my brand.
You know what I mean?
Like it's not just me.
It's Travis trademark.
Travis's saggums.
And cause you're, um, I'm assuming your Ginko jeans were tent like.
They actually contain smaller pants.
So I don't understand.
Are we talking about four pant legs?
You're only occupying two at a time.
Please don't say three like a dick joke.
No, no, I have two dicks.
Okay.
Uh, moving on.
I was raised super religious and was prohibited from most physical contact with other people.
If I had been caught even holding hands with a girl, I would have been expelled.
I've since gotten out of that environment, but now I don't know what the rules are in
the real world.
So far I've been avoiding touching people except for handshakes and goodbye hugs, but
touching is really important for flirting and it would be fun if I could be sure I wasn't
committing some unforgivable social sin by doing it to be clear.
I'm not talking about kissing or sex.
Those have obvious rules.
I'm talking about the zone between greeting strangers and kissing.
When can I touch people without being a creepy jerk?
That's from touchless in Rhode Island.
Such a good question.
Yeah.
Except that like the zone between greeting strangers and kissing is like all of it.
It's like, it's like everything.
Everything's hard and dangerous.
It's the whole spectrum.
You're talking about like a billion different steps in between those two.
Do you want to hear the creepy actor answer?
I don't think I do.
I think you have a feeling you're going to say it out loud anyway.
I am.
One of the things that we learned in our acting movement kind of classes is that when you're
working with someone, you can feel their energy.
Fuck off.
Open holes where like people could like let you know where it's okay to touch them during
a scene based on where their energy opened up a vacuum.
For a long time, Travis would walk into a party and say, does everyone feel my dick energy?
I feel some really prominent energy.
If anyone wants to...
I actually, to be fair, called it pinergy, but go on.
I have created a hole in my chi and in my jinko jeans for you to experience my dick beams.
Bzzz.
Let me help.
Bzzz.
Gotcha.
We can set some-
Should I go?
We can set some pretty easy rules, okay?
Here's one.
Don't touch anyone's butt.
Yep.
Don't touch anyone's butt ever.
I think if it's...
If it is shielded by a bathing suit, of course not.
If it's shielded by...
I don't care if it's shielded by-
What appropriate amount of fabric is there that it is okay to socially touch someone's butt?
God.
You don't.
I'm sorry, you don't.
Don't ever touch anyone's butt.
Man, woman, child, child.
I don't care if you're wearing six ski suits.
Yeah, I don't even care if you can't tell where their butt is.
Like you give them a butt sort of DMZ, right?
Do not touch that butt.
Do not touch any butts.
If you're in a committed relationship, then you get an engagement ring
and then you ask if you can touch the butt.
Other than that, no butt touching.
Are we talking about in public or in private?
I'm talking about if you're not in a relationship with someone,
you should never touch their butt.
Yes.
Why are you even like-
This person doesn't know!
I'm helping.
This is helpful.
I don't think it's helpful as much as it is like completely obvious.
Let's go for more of a gray area.
Don't put your finger in their butt either.
Like don't-
Don't come their ears.
Don't go inside them in any way.
In any way.
I'm trying to create a practical guide.
Don't enter any orifices.
That's great.
Don't touch their butt.
Your mouth probably shouldn't touch anything.
Like don't put your mouth on someone's neck.
They hate it.
Okay, so let's go for more of a gray area
and less of like an evil like dark dark area.
Sorry, if you were this guy,
would you be more concerned about entering a gray area
or entering the evil dark area?
Just like you put your tongue in my butt and I'm a stranger.
Like I didn't- I didn't know.
I don't know what this is.
I know he's not-
I'm stuck!
I'm stuck!
I know he's not in Cedar, man.
Like I know he has some baseline.
I'm just trying to get the easy stuff-
Well, but like what about shoulder?
What about shoulder?
Okay.
When is it okay to touch someone's shoulder?
I think you could touch someone's shoulder for one fact-
One Mississippi, done.
Out.
Longer than one Mississippi
and I think that you've-
Unless you're posing for a picture.
Like I think that that's-
I think also like there's a big difference between
touching someone's shoulder like in greeting.
Like, hey!
And you kind of like smack their back,
you know, kind of thing.
Or like give them like a side hug.
Don't hurt them.
Versus like you're sitting there talking to them
and suddenly you just reach out
and rest your hand on their shoulder.
That- that should be saved for serious conversations.
Yes.
I think that what if-
What if we had-
What if we invented some kind of social sex dice?
And then whenever you greeted a stranger,
you would each roll a dice
and it would tell you a body part to touch with their body part.
But it wouldn't be anything perverse.
It would just be like hand to like cheek.
Oh, so it's just like completely innocuous
like elbow to elbow.
Yep, to knock your knees together.
And then you would just like do a-
Oh, you know what would be good?
What if there was some sort of codified way of greeting somebody
where you just like grabbed their hand
and then grabbed your hand?
Like what are we fucking talking about?
He already covered handshakes.
That- that part he's good with.
He's trying to close the bridge between handshakes and kissing
and I'm trying to shine the light of truth
on some of the pitfalls that he's got to avoid.
All right.
Flirty fun.
Flirty fun.
That's our new-
That's the new motto.
Flirty fun.
Keep it fun.
Keep it flirty.
Keep it not weird.
That's like nothing.
There's nothing you can do.
This is the great-
There's-
It's a mystery how anyone gets born.
No, you know what you do?
You gotta-
You gotta take the- the shit that you already know.
You gotta take your- your areas in which you are confident and competent
and you need to put a little-
You gotta chop it and screw it.
You gotta remix it a little bit.
So like go in for that hug when you say goodbye to somebody you like.
Maybe hold it in for like second and a half too long
or like really get your chin down in that neck.
People are gonna either like that or not like that and then you know.
Or maybe when your hand-
Maybe when you're shaking their hand,
you hold it for like a long time
and then you take your other hand on the-
You take your index finger and you make little circles
on the back of their hand while you're holding it.
It's just like fun flirty stuff you can do.
Griffin's suggesting a very-
A very Dian Fossey sort of gorillas in the mist approach
to learning social interaction where just you physically do it
and see if you get bitten.
And then take notes.
And then move to a different town once you've established your thing.
That's another important thing.
After every physical interaction,
copious notes in front of the person.
They need to see you're engaged.
And if you could do it like on a live blog kind of setup
so that other people can learn from your experiences.
Oh definitely, definitely want to know what happens here.
Definitely want some follow-up info.
And maybe some GIFs.
Maybe a couple GIF GIFs.
Maybe the answer here is just to never be
sort of the hugresser if you will.
And make it clear the sort of social physical contact
that you're in the market for.
Sort of put your sign out and let that person take the lead.
I mean because here's the thing realistically,
like as I've been sitting here trying to think about it,
it's one of those things that as soon as you are thinking about it,
there is nothing you can do that's not creepy.
You know what I mean?
Because the thing is,
as soon as it's not like just a spontaneous action that you've taken,
when you think about it like,
can I touch their shoulder right now?
It's already creepy.
You're inherently thinking about something
that you would be ashamed to say out loud.
Like you would never say out loud to someone,
I've been thinking about how to touch you.
Because that dog will not hunt.
So I would say like the best thing to do
is just try to quiet your mind
and just like hang out with the person and not worry about it.
And then if you know in the course of the conversation,
like you end up like kind of you know touching their arm or whatever,
so be it.
But if you try to think about it while you're doing it,
one, you're probably not paying attention to them
and not really listening and being a good friend
or flirting efficiently.
And secondly, as you're thinking about it,
you're ruining the moment by forcing it.
Yeah, but if you don't think,
I mean, yes, but if you just go out,
that's what being drunk is for,
to do these sorts of things without consideration.
Oh, was that not clear?
You need to be drunk 24 stuff.
Yeah, there's nothing that people like around more than a touchy drunk guy.
That's never gotten anyone into trouble.
Everybody else also has to be as drunk if not more.
Did we all touch?
I was just gonna make a joke about how you can sing ZZ Top's
I'm just looking for some touch to people,
but the name of that song is actually tush.
Like they're singing like I'm just looking for some tush.
How the fuck have we allowed ZZ Top to get away with that shit
since the summer of 75?
What the like, what the fuck have we-
They have a song called like tube snake boogie.
Right.
How about wieners?
That song called she wants a pearl necklace.
But that's fun.
But that's like fun, like a fun double entendre.
They're literally saying like,
I'm just trying to hunt some fanny cheeks.
Like ZZ Top, I just wanna squeeze a titty.
Like ZZ Top, you can't just come out and say the thing that you wanna do.
I would like to ejaculate thanks to a sexual partner's interaction with my genitals.
ZZ Top.
Mr. Top, please stop.
The joke, the persistent joke of ZZ Top
is that anyone could ever love a bearded man.
This is the great underlying satirical tone in their music,
which you miss if you aren't paying close enough attention.
Also-
The word, according to the Wikipedia article,
the word tush is pronounced in the song in such a way
that it rhymes with the word rush,
resulting in a mond green, which has some listeners believing the word is touch
if they haven't read the lyrics.
That's because they fucking like said the word wrong.
You're not allowed to do that either.
You're not allowed to do that either.
Say what you will, I love Munduck Dynasty.
Some episodes of that show are really tushing.
What are you fucking doing?
Yeah.
Here's a Yahoo answer.
Here's a Yahoo mystery, Knights.
Yahoo mystery, Knights.
It was sent to me by Jacob Holt.
Thanks, Jacob.
It's by Yahoo mystery user Mondo10, who asks,
would it look cocky or vulgar if I posted a transformation pic on Facebook?
Like, I was about to upload my before and after pic
of how I was fat starting sophomore and how I look now with a six pack
and completely shredded.
When people hate or think I'm cocky,
it's not like I'm doing a selfie of my body.
It's putting both in one pic.
You're doing a double selfie.
Right, but if he was totally ripped and shredded in both pics,
then I think it would be a selfie.
I think this is like an admission of-
Let me throw this out.
This is the only circumstance in which I would allow this.
Picture one, ripped, shredded, lifting up,
your wife beat her to show your abs, posing.
Picture two, exact same picture, but you took it a month later
after you're growing a mustache.
And you have a seventh, you have a seventh pack.
And it's like one of those like magic eye,
like find the differences and the difference is the mustache
and the seventh app that's migrated up towards your right breast.
Right, and if you look really, really,
if you put your face really close into those abs
and you pull back just a little bit, oh, it's a sailboat.
There's a sailboat in there.
That's fun.
I think that you should have one picture of yourself completely fat,
totally fat.
You probably have one of those.
And then the second picture, you're shredded, right?
Six pack the whole bit, except you're surrounded by Nazi paraphernalia.
People are forced to confront the nature of transformation
and the steep price we must sometimes pay.
You take the good, you take the bad, you take them both.
And this is a third panel that just says worth it, question mark.
Maybe, it's up to you, listener.
I miss fat, non-antisemitic Joe.
Okay, what about first picture?
You're fat, but you're very happy.
Second picture, you're ripped,
but they can see that there's trouble behind your eyes.
Then a third panel where you're fat again and clearly happy again.
Okay.
You've just come back around, but you know what?
I wasn't happy.
I wasn't, it's like limitless.
No, it's like fucking shallow hell.
If you're going to compare it to a film.
It's like shallow limitless.
I think the fat to like shred it up to like,
then a third panel where you're just kind of somewhere in the middle.
And that's sort of a realistic take on weight loss.
It's like, oh man, I fucking slipped up.
I need to eat and healthy sucked.
So I might as well just try and like balance out until I die.
You know, but they don't do that with other things.
There's not like one where the dudes are just sitting in pajama pants at home
watching SpongeBob SquarePants at like three o'clock in the afternoon.
And then the second panel where the guy sitting in a cubicle,
like talking on the phone, giving a big thumbs up.
I don't understand.
Like, oh, you're talking about being unemployed and employed.
Like there's not before and after for any other life situation.
Between being a kid and an adult, you mean?
Yes. Thank you.
But like that idea of saying like, this was me fat and this is me fit.
Like there's no like, this was me living in an apartment.
This is me living in a house.
This is me before I learned C plus programming.
Yeah.
And this is me after I learned it.
Can you tell?
Right.
I programmed this Facebook.
I don't understand.
I don't understand the obsession.
I used to not be able to cook quinoa.
Now I totally do.
And I eat it all the time.
Can you tell before and after you look so much happier in the second picture?
Yeah, it's the quinoa.
I told you I learned it's an ancient, it's an ancient grain, super food.
It's a super food and an ancient grain.
This is me pre-goji.
This is me after goji.
You can tell because I'm fucking, I have a 13 pack and I'm fucking glowing.
And I'm floating six inches off.
I'm floating six inches off the ground.
I'm shooting beams of energy out of my, out of my chi holes.
I went super Saiyan.
There, it's out.
I went super Saiyan thanks to my goji and my ancient grains.
If we want to buy more goji and ancient grains, we got to get some money.
So let's do that now.
We talk a lot about sex toys on this program week to week.
We do?
I know.
Thanks to our friends, extremistraints.com.
But I want to, I want to change it up.
I feel like we give so much coverage to extremistraints.com's sex toys that we miss
all the other great options.
I get all my groceries off extremistraints.
The Claiming of Sleeping Beauty.
That's a book.
You could just buy that.
It's by Anne Rice.
It's a very, it's a book about the creator of Sleeping Beauty who is very litigious.
And there were a lot of people who wrote basically Sleeping Beauty knockoffs.
And so this writer had to like defend her intellectual property.
It's very fascinating stuff.
Very interesting.
It's probably not about that at all.
There's also a book you can pick up called Bondage for Sex, which is a great, I'm glad
they're differentiating from, I don't know, bondage for tax evasion.
I don't know the other reasons for bondage.
Pipe sealant, I'm guessing.
I guess.
Bondage for own protection.
Bondage for your own safety.
Your werewolf.
For werewolves.
Yeah, exactly.
Or maybe like you just can't control yourself around chocolate chip cookies, you know?
Like if you put me in front of them, I'm going to eat them.
So I'm going to need you to strap into this bed.
Hold me back.
There's a paddle.
That's great for strict parents.
Or for getting pizzas out of the oven.
That is if you want the bottom of your child or the bottom of your pizza to say
slut on it backwards.
Will you make, you make this amazing artichoke slut pizza?
Uh, can you, can we have that for dinner tonight?
Can we have slut pizza for dinner tonight?
Absolutely.
That's all, that's the only thing on my menu.
And I mean, of course there's nipple clamps.
There's so much extreme restraints.com chastity devices, which are like the opposite of sex
toys.
Think about it.
And so much more.
The good news is you can get it all 20% off by using the coupon code sexabunga.
That's sexabunga.
You didn't like, you just said it again.
You didn't spell.
One more time.
Sexabunga.
That's sexabunga.
Spelled just like it sounds.
Spelled just like it sounds.
All capitalized and with three exclamation points.
And unsettling.
It's all waiting for you to extreme restraints.com.
Go get 20% off right now.
I have a message for Blaine from Mary who says in just a few days we will be married.
I can't properly express how excited I am to spend the rest of my life with you.
I look forward to years of cats, video games, and traveling all over the world.
I love everything about you and hope that someday we can finally own a horse together.
I did not misspell house.
I'm sure this comes as quite the surprise to Blaine.
A horse is like the best shelter I think you can have.
Like a tax shelter?
No, like a living place.
Oh, okay.
I would point out though that if you're hoping to travel the world, maybe having a pet horse
isn't the way to go because you can't really like take them with you.
And God knows you'll want to.
Like you're not going to want to leave them.
That's the problem.
All your plans for, you know, you can make all these plans.
We're going to be different from all the other horse owners.
We're going to be cool, you know.
But once you have the horse, everything changes.
You're going to want to stay home more.
You know, maybe another night watching Project Runway reruns.
Not so bad because you get to do it together as a family with your horse.
I've been looking into this two-bedroom, two-bath horse here in Austin.
I can get it for a song.
It's really competitive, the horsey market.
I got a message for Alexandra Splendor from Alexandra Splendor and she says,
hey brothers, it's my 20th birthday on the 21st.
I want to treat myself to a special birthday message from my favorite trio.
My friend Amber introduced me to your show via Corncob Boy
and I've been obsessed ever since.
Your show has helped me get through life with a smile.
Danny Glover, you all.
P.S. Can Griffin say sugar water?
Man, we had a fucking exterminator come to our house
because we have a very serious ant problem.
Um, and my cat, like, went ape shit on him.
Like, I've never seen my cat, like, freak the fuck out before.
And when I told Rachel, she was like,
is it possible that he was a bunch of bugs in a suit?
Like, the cockroach guy from Men in Black.
If he's a bunch of bugs in a suit, being an exterminator seems a cruel twist of fate.
Maybe, or else he's just, like, false flagging it and just spraying water.
Or sugar water.
Sugar is spraying over the water all around my house.
You shouldn't have any more problems with ants.
We've sprayed it with a deadly toxin.
You sound like Torgo.
The only way to check it is to leave apples on the counter.
A dish of jelly?
Well, that seems perfect.
Uh, we have one more message.
It's for Alicia Neal, uh, from Justin Gray.
Happy birthday.
Happy 30th birthday to Alicia Neal.
Wonderful painter, beloved by corgis, never-ending story, and M-B-M-B-A-M devotee.
An all-around swell lady from her demo partner in crime and co-liver in sin, Justin.
May this year bring you the fanciest of cocktails, macaroons, adventures, and parties.
I feel like I know everything about this lady now.
Yeah, I have a window into her soul.
I like that we're on par with never-ending story.
I wouldn't say that.
It's heavy praise.
But she's devoted to us both.
She is a servant of two masters.
I don't think we could call ourselves her master.
That's terrible.
Now we're her master.
You can't get the fold, Alicia.
Please put on this robe.
Uh, this robe smells terrible.
Didn't you have this thing harvested?
I forgot to put it outside the window.
I'm so sorry.
New question.
I'm on a semester abroad in France, and there's some really cool girls here that I've met both
English-speaking and not.
I'd really like to take one out to dinner to get to know her better, but apparently in
Europe, that is much too serious and reserved for actual couples.
I feel like anything less than a date just puts me in the friend zone.
How do I show interest in a girl without taking her on a date?
That's from really confused in, I don't know, some French city, I think.
I can't pronounce it.
Some fur in place.
Some fur in place.
First off, friend zone is illusion.
Yep.
That doesn't exist.
That doesn't exist.
Second off, they're women, not girls.
I guess just get all the classics out of the way.
Now, let me get a country.
It's a commonwealth.
It is a union of nation-states.
Let me get to the real meat of this question.
What exactly about the last three and a half years we've all spent together have you said,
boy, these guys have such a good handle on how relationships work in America, I bet that
they're just experts about all around the globe.
Do you really think that-
They seem like intercontinental.
They seem like intercontinental classy gentlemen.
Do you think we got so smart about relationships in America that we've branched out to challenge
ourselves?
We don't know where to put hands.
The only thing we could tell a guy is not to touch people's butts.
That's where we're at, caveman status.
Is it possible that it is simply, and I know you said English-speaking and non-English-speaking,
but is it possible that it's just different connotations to hear when you say go on a
date, it just means you're going one-on-one with the person to go do something?
Maybe there, when you say go on a date, it just carries a different kind of weight?
Because what difference is there?
If you just said, hey, do you want to go hang out and see a movie, how is that different?
Travis, I don't know.
It's another goddamn country.
I don't know.
Because it seems to me like the question this person's asking is, hey, they don't want to
call it a date.
How do I still get to know him?
By just hanging out?
Just being around them and then listening to them talk and then interpreting the things
they say and then storing that data in your brain?
Without having to label it like an American?
That's the problem.
That's the issue.
You got to think a little bit more European.
Travis, you're going to Europe in a couple months.
How have you started to recalibrate your thought patterns?
Well, I got a passport.
Sure, that's key.
I'm driving on the other side of the road.
Does this person have a passport?
Do you have a passport?
Have you checked their passport?
That'd be a good way to learn some stuff about them.
Let's see what passports are for them.
Let's pack each other's bags for travel.
Let me see all your visas.
Can I check your receipts for travel?
Do you have anything to declare?
Have you brought any fruits and vegetables?
Do you have any?
Hey, just a quick question.
Just to just quick get to know you.
Have you got any foreign soils?
Got any jars of foreign soils that you're sneaking in?
I was wondering about your youth,
and specifically your youth within the last three weeks,
and have you interacted with any livestock?
The Brothers McElroy told me that this is a social faux pas,
but I'm going to have to stick my finger in your butthole
just to make sure you don't got any foreign soils in there.
Or livestock.
I have a bit of a problem.
Don't do it.
Why are you trying to start a relationship
that you know when the semester is over
is just going to end in heartbreak?
Didn't you see fucking Before Sunrise?
Or After Sunset?
Or After Sunset?
Or From Dawn Till Dawn?
1230.
They had a movie called 1230.
It was a minute long.
They were at Hardee's,
and they were drinking a triple thick milkshake.
And at the very end of the movie, she's like,
why are we eating it hot?
And then credits.
Haunting stuff.
It is not Linklater's best work.
In fact, I'll go out on a limb and call it his worst work.
You know, that was the last movie Roger D.
would ever saw.
His quote upon leaving the theater was,
oh man.
Stop it.
Not like this.
Not like this.
You guys want Yahoo?
Not now.
You guys want Yahoo!
Night's Mystery?
Yeah, please.
This Yahoo!
Night's Mystery was sent in by Nathan Hull.
Thanks, Nathan.
It's by Yahoo!
Answers user Cassie, who asks,
simple cosplay ideas for me.
I really want to do a cosplay for crazy day at school,
but I don't have any money to buy and thing.
So is there a cosplay I can make with normal cloths,
but still have it look cool?
I have wavy shoulder length,
blonde hair and blue eyes.
Wait.
So she's asking,
is there a cosplay I can do without dressing up?
No, no, no.
She has normal cloths, not a big budget.
She needs a lot of bang.
And give me her look one more time.
Shoulder length, blonde hair and blue eyes.
Wavy, wavy ass hair.
Oh, well that's, wait.
Is that Buffy?
Could she do Buffy?
No, I'm thinking more like a Carrie Bradshaw.
You could go as Carrie Bradshaw.
That's a pretty lazy answer.
Expecting a little bit more from you.
You could go as Carrie Bradshaw's evil twin.
Bane.
Carrie Bradshaw's evil twin.
Barry Bradshaw.
Barry Bradshaw.
That sounds more like a football player.
You could go as a football player.
Maybe it's like a scary doctor.
Are you just naming things that women can be?
Like is that just our, here's a list of things.
I was evolving more into like Halloween costumes.
At least he went fairly progressive down that line.
Yeah.
Women can be doctors.
Women can be football players.
They can be ghosts.
They can be, women can be ghosts.
Hey, women can be mummies too, you know.
Such a narrow-minded point of view.
All mummies are women, otherwise they're duddies.
That joke was a duddy.
Like Duddy Rock?
Like Sean Paul?
I'm sorry, what?
Take that, Duddy, Duddy, Sean Paul, Sean Paul.
You could be Sean Paul.
Could you cosplay as Sean Paul?
No one knows what he looks like anyways.
The man's a mystery.
Sean Paul is constantly changing.
Sean Paul is anonymous.
Sean Paul is Guy Fawkes.
It's hard to hear him at his concerts through his mask.
Can you take the mask off, Sean Paul?
Another thing you didn't know about Sean Paul is he's not a person.
According to his Wikipedia page,
Duddy Rock is the second album by reggae dancehall toaster Sean Paul.
So he's been a toaster this whole time.
You didn't suspect that.
He certainly has good flow for a toaster.
Your toast is done.
It's brown on country.
Oh man, all these are so terrible.
Sorry, Sean Paul, but if you're unpopular for long enough, you get on the list.
Our fucking random list of people that we summoned from the grave,
like Dr. Frankenstein, to turn into comedy tubes for our podcast.
Should have had a hit, son.
I imagine him and Duffy just sharing a long embrace.
Like, it's okay.
Welcome to my brother, my brother and me, bullied anonymous.
Please, no names.
Just the names that they gave us.
Duffy, Squinto, Sean Paul the toaster.
Welcome.
Welcome. I haven't been mentioned on my brother, my brother and me in three months.
So proud of you.
That's the problem.
See, you have people like French Stewart who crawled their way back into relevance
by getting back onto TV and then we can't talk about him anymore.
No.
Apparently, oh, by the way, you fucked up.
Duffy is on Dallas, too.
So we're gonna have to scratch him off the list.
And he's also not on Dukes of Hazzard.
No, he's not?
No.
Patrick Duffy wasn't in Dukes of Hazzard.
It was Tom Wopat.
Wow.
It was Wopat and the dad from Smallville.
Well, I mean.
What? Say it.
You say potato.
You say Wopato.
How about another question?
Wow, you are 100% right, Travis.
He was not on the Dukes of Hazzard.
Yeah.
He absolutely was not.
It's okay.
We'll get it in the Corrections and Attractions episode.
I'll be like, that's what-
Episode 200.
Episode 200 is gonna be like things we fucked up through history.
And it's gonna be-
Four hours.
It's gonna be a very long one.
I have a bit of a problem involving two friends.
These friends of mine have been in a relationship for a good few months now.
However, it is common for them to show their affection for one another in public.
It has even come to the point in which it can be rude, for example.
I would be talking to one of them.
Then the other will interrupt our conversation.
And they'll start smooching each other.
Is it not just me that has an issue with this number of our friends also find it uncomfortable?
What would you guys do in this situation?
So it's like you're talking about the latest episode of America's Next Top Model.
And then one of your friends is like, oh, hold up, smooch break.
I don't even think they're that polite about it.
I don't even think they interject like,
hold on, talking time is about to be put on hold while I get my smooch on.
Can you slide, can you crouch down low and then very slowly slide your face in between their faces?
And get kisses on your cheek.
I'm just gonna, excuse me.
Excuse me, let me just, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
So yeah, on the latest episode, Cory pulls this great prank.
I feel like if you made your displeasure with that known just like once,
it would be enough to shame them into stopping, right?
I mean, have you said like, hey, that's kind of rude.
Like, just say that.
Why is it like, hey, could you guys cool it a bit?
Just say that.
That's a little, do you know why?
Do you know why?
Because I'm developing a theory on this and I believe it is because in real life,
people would rather have that thing in their group that everybody can form around
and kind of bitch about quietly behind people's backs
than just address it and have it be done because it's more interesting.
Oh my God, you are getting real.
Yeah, right, but like I've seen that happen.
I've done that before where it's like,
it's more fun to bitch about the person behind their back
than it is to actually take steps to fix the problem.
Travis, that is such a good reminder and I think we've gone too long
without reminding people that it is, it is 2013.
That's true.
You are supposed to be getting out the dirt, washing it out, shaking it out.
And well, you can't really wash dirt, can you?
I'm just saying the thing you said, the thing you said was dumb and wrong.
When you try to wash dirt, it turns into mud and that's not especially clean.
Okay, then when you try to wash mud, it just goes away.
Okay, so then you're left with nothing.
You gotta bleach it and teach it, you know what I mean?
I don't know what that means.
I don't either.
Doesn't rhyme with 13 either, so what the fuck are you doing?
You gotta clean it and-
Clean rhymes with 13, like stop, put that part at the end.
You gotta clean it and screen it.
The screen keeps more of it from coming back.
So you clean it and then you screen it out.
Okay, wrap your friends-
2013, screen it and clean it.
Wrap your friends in a protective screen.
Have you thought about like a Faraday cage for your friends?
Oh, put your two friends in two separate Faraday cages
and that will keep them from coming back.
And that will keep their kissing electrons from meeting.
Put your friends in a box and then put a vial
full of harmful radiation in that box.
Maybe it'll break.
Maybe your friends are dead.
Maybe they're not.
You are existing in two universes simultaneously
where your friends are both necking and not necking.
Isn't that a little bit better?
No?
Okay.
Nope.
You're overwhelmed with existential dread?
Oh no.
Not again.
Not again, sorry.
We're not very good at this.
Or maybe not again.
We don't know.
We're not sure.
Open the box.
Don't open the box.
Don't open it.
Don't open that box.
But open it.
Not until Christmas.
You're gonna see some limbs.
Limbs all-
It's a Kimbo.
All a Kimbo.
It's gonna look like two giant Guy Fone Stevens in there.
Hey, thank you so much for hanging out with us again for another hour.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself half as much as we have.
Thank you to those Tweety Bucks-
That seems about accurate.
Yeah.
Matt Oldenburg.
I didn't enjoy myself all that much.
So 50% of that-
I will hope you don't put the muddle through it.
Yeah.
Just like we did.
Jordan B.
Megashurry.
Zacharias.
Scrooge McDunk.
Ray Frendan.
Sean.
Luke Gayne.
Don Zacharias.
Thank you so much for sharing the show.
We sure appreciate it.
A lot.
I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters.
I want to put myself out there,
make myself a little vulnerable for a second,
and just thank John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure,
off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
Heard a lot of people say,
Griffin, I bought Putting the Days to Bed.
Where do I go now?
How about when I pretend to fall?
How about the other one?
The Name of Which Escapes Me.
The Name of Which I Cannot Recall.
That would be a badass name for an album.
How about-
The Name of Which Escapes Me.
There's the Ultimatum EP.
That's one.
Lot of albums.
Maybe four or five.
Then John Roderick will make more for us.
He's just been waiting for you.
This whole podcast is basically a pyramid scheme
to get people to buy Long Winter's albums
so he can get that new one.
Anyway, thanks John Roderick.
Thanks Long Winters.
And then if you're looking for something else to listen to,
go check out the other Max Fun podcasts.
Stop podcasting yourself,
Throwing Shade, Jordan Jesse Goh, Bullseye.
And check out Sawbones.
It's a podcast all about pee pee.
It's not all about pee pee.
I mean-
I listened to this week's episode.
You guys talk about nothing but urine on your show.
It's a medical history show, but okay.
Anyway, there's lots of other shows.
If you want to listen to a pee pee cast,
well then urine luck with Sawbones.
Starring Justin McElroy, Cindy McElroy.
Griffin, didn't you have a last question for us?
I have the last one, yeah.
The last one.
This one was sent in by Jacob Aller.
Thanks Jacob.
It's by Yahoo Answers user King K who asks,
what inventions did Paul Bunyan make?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dads.
Square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
