The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for joining us today for a very special
My Brother, My Brother, and Me, episode 250. A very important episode in the lifetime of any
podcast, and here we are, having our midlife crisis. I'm your youngest, babiest brother, Griffin
McElroy, joining me my two dear brothers. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. I didn't know
we were doing something. And singing for us is Babs herself, Barbra Streisand. We managed,
we called up Babs. I was like, I need you, and she's like, what is it, podcast episode 250?
And I was like, yep, and she's like, the third one this week. Standard rates, free, here I come.
Making my entrance again with my you. Here come the Babs. Justin's around here somewhere.
Hey guys, what a pleasure it is to be on this special episode of My Brother, My Brother,
My Brother, Me. My fault, I feel. I thought you want what I want. I'm sorry, my dear.
But where are the clowns? Big finish. Send in the clowns. Did we get clowns? Don't bother. Oh.
Okay. They are here. I love that we're making a big deal out of episode 250. Maybe
next year. I love they're making such a big deal out of episode 250 when we have completely fucking
dropped the ball on so many other celebrations. April 11th, 2015 marked the five-year anniversary
of My Brother, My Brother, Me. Totally slept on it. We just missed it. Five years of goofs,
and we just, I mean, we whiffed it. No, I remembered. I spent the day staring into a mirror
and just drinking whiskey as I glared upon what five years of the weight of this show had done
to my body. What are we talking about? Oh, it's bad. It's like, you eat a lot of fried chicken wings,
and I think that that maybe has a more detrimental effect than our-
When I started this show five years ago, I was a beautiful young man. Some people said
God-like features. But like the traditional sort of vision of God as an old bearded man.
Yeah, but like beautiful in that way where you look at him and be like,
that's a beautiful young old God. Sort of like how John Lithgow is beautiful.
Yeah, but now I'm more like John Lovitz. Beautiful, but like in a different way.
I'd like to make a point, by the way, that had we done a fifth anniversary observation,
this is the entirety of what it would have been. Five years is 260 weeks. In that five-year period,
we produced 247 episodes of My Brother, My Brother, Me, and the Vice Show for the Maldonera.
That is a miss of 13. That is 13 missed weeks. I think for five years, that's pretty good.
That's pretty fucking good.
This is my challenge to you, the listener. Find another podcast with that hit rate,
and I'll be impressed.
We're the Cal Ripken of podcasts.
If Cal Ripken can miss one every once in a while, we're the Cal Ripken of podcasts.
Do we miss any other important celebrations? Obviously, it's Thorwatch 3 with Avengers 2
in theaters right now, but we just didn't have time to do that, I guess.
Didn't do that.
Episode 69, I feel like we didn't really make a big deal out of.
Before I forget, Teresa and I went and saw Avengers 2 at 8 30 in the morning,
and we walked into the lobby of the movie theater. Do you know who else sees movies
at 8 30 in the morning? Donald Faison.
That's a great get.
Did you hit him up?
I didn't. I wanted to so bad, but he was mid-conversation with someone,
and I wanted to be cool. I wanted Donald Faison to think I was cool.
Man, I wish.
A lot of missed observations, a lot of missed celebrations. We're going to circle back to
some of them throughout the show as they come to us. We're not about self-adulation. I don't
think that's a crime. Well, I self-adulated yesterday. Wait, what are you talking about?
Masturbating a penis.
Five years more mature, ladies and gentlemen.
Griffin is providing a new service for our listeners that have trouble detecting dick jokes.
He's actually, to mark our fifth anniversary, he's actually providing a new service that is
not optional, that is required, where he points out dick jokes as we perform them and explains
them. It's boner captioning.
I am wondering if it's appropriate to moan slash groan in pleasure.
Moan slash groan in pleasure.
I just experienced ear shrinkage. Is that weird? My ears just sort of shrank and recoiled.
Griffin is referring to the way a penis will sometimes shrink and recoil.
As highlighted in the hilarious Seinfeld episode.
No, Justin, I was actually talking about my ears.
Is it appropriate to moan slash groan in pleasure when receiving a massage from a professional
massage therapist in a paid setting?
Nobody's listening to the show anymore. If you keep doing this,
we're going to lose every listener that we've ever had.
Hurry through it. Say the rest of it.
Okay, okay. I asked this because I was receiving a massage from my boyfriend,
a dedicated fan of the Bim Bam, and I asked him to buy me a real massage.
Then I wondered if this sort of moaning groaning you do when getting a massage
from a loved one is appropriate in a formal setting. Advice is appreciated
and needed, and that's from Pondering in Portland. This is a fucking great question.
This is the best question. Yeah, it's a real good one.
You know, because my immediate reaction was like, oh, no, no, no.
But then I think, like, what if it's like the massage therapist expects you to do it?
And if you don't do it, they're like, am I losing it?
Do I lose my tubs? I used to be able to rub.
But then again, what if you do too much? And then the masseuse is like,
I'll rub what she's rubbing or something like that.
I actually had a massage experience last weekend for Sydney's birthday.
We went to the beautiful Glade Springs Resort in Beckley, West Virginia,
and we got a couple's massage. And before the our. OK, first off,
let me ask you guys this. This is not a joke.
None of this is a joke, but like this is not particularly funny.
I'm just curious. There was a man and a woman.
When I saw the two of them, I was absolutely horrified.
We were going to be asked to choose. There is that is the Kobayashi Maru of marriage.
And there's no way I would have got it. It's the Kobayashi Maru of massages.
Whenever whenever you pick a like a preference at a new massage place,
like what do you want, dudes or women? And it's like,
well, there's no good answer to this, is there?
Because if I pick women, it's like women.
But actually, I got asked the same thing.
The only time I've ever had a prostate exam.
That's not a no. That's absolutely true.
And I did not know how to answer.
They asked if I'd rather have a male or a female doctor.
It's literally we just not do it.
It's either women or men. Like, it doesn't matter.
I guess that's true. It is a gender neutral.
Like it is the most beautiful, softest one.
Whichever one you pick is like, because I want it.
Who do you have? Who is the slipperiest?
Bring me a spectrum and I shall choose.
If Earth is ever invaded by pansexual, pangender aliens,
I hope we do the right thing.
And job one, before we ask about their technology
or their medical advances,
like we just put them to work doing massages.
Because that is, there is a no lose pick right there.
Put your weird sucker fins right on my back.
And this is good. I excrete a jelly through my gills
that it's like icy hot. You're going to love it.
I'm a very, very slippery alien.
Also, I exude the smell of lavender, so it's perfect.
Perfect. No, but when they, in the massage,
right before they leave the room,
they say, and this is a direct fucking quote.
Speaking of like impossible scenarios,
they say undress to your comfort level.
And then get out of the blanket.
And then it's like, oh, you left your boxers on? Pervert.
Exactly.
You want to be a messy underwear boy, huh? Okay.
Like, do you want me to be honest?
Because you don't need to leave the room
for me to address to my comfort level.
I'll just hop on up on that table.
Yeah. Let me just get up on this table.
If I had, if I could reach a comfort level
with fewer articles of clothing before I left the hotel room,
I would have done just that. This is my comfort level.
I'm here. I'm living in it.
We're talking about moaning and grinning.
It's hard to say anything in that situation
without feeling like a total, total nasty boy.
Like a little softer. That's, it sounds like,
where do you want me to rub? Where does it hurt?
Uh, my upper thigh.
Like it does. I just started, I started running.
My thighs hurt a lot, but I can't be like,
I need you to pay special attention
to my bottom of my bathing suit reaching zone.
They asked him, like, if I had any problem areas.
They have to ask for attention.
Like, there's no, where, there's not a right,
I mean, what answer could I give there?
My forehead.
My forehead?
There's nothing, nothing.
My earlobes?
No, that's bad.
Rub my ear, rub them lobes.
But yeah, go ahead and moan, moan away.
Go to town.
No, wait, what?
No, we didn't answer the question.
No, I wouldn't moan.
Yeah, moan.
I wouldn't moan, I don't think.
But I, this is one of the scenarios, Justin,
where I'm gonna say that like, no matter what you do,
because you're concerned about appearing weird and creepy,
that you will not be the creepiest person
who's ever come into this establishment.
So I say go to town because for every one of you,
there are a hundred people who are just like,
there are a hundred people who are just like,
I'm here for me.
You know that there are people who,
when told undress to their comfort level,
literally just reached out at lightning speed
and pulled their dick out of the hole
in the front of their pants.
Like, okay, how about I undress to your comfort level
and see who blanches first?
I need to know what your,
we may be getting too intimate now as brothers,
but I do wanna know,
I wanna know what your comfort level was
in that situation with your wife and the couples.
Well, fucking great news, Griffin.
I was wearing some me undies boxers,
so I felt very confident that the,
because of the relaxed fit of my me undies boxers,
that they would be able to massage around them.
So my comfort level was my me undies boxers
and nothing else.
Okay, I thought you were gonna be like,
I need you to massage around my Tybee Island
parrot head t-shirt.
No, the cargo shorts will remain on.
Anywhere you see cargo shorts, I am fine there.
No soreness in the cargo short reach.
Please rub around the 3DS in the pocket of my cargo shorts.
Explore around my Nintendo 3DS,
but I need it there because I am street passing
with a 12 year old.
How about a Yahoo answer?
Hit me.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by level 9,000.
Yeah, Drew Druid, Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by a Yahoo answers user, Iceman,
who asks,
Iceman.
Sweet.
Is someone with the personality of Jackie Chan
the perfect man for a woman?
Wait.
I've always wondered about that.
I don't personally know him,
but he seems humble, generous, unselfish, and kind.
What do you think is someone like him
irresistible to women?
Update, is he your type of guy
or do you need a man who's more aggressive and combative?
Wait, hold on.
Do you think someone with the personality of Jackie Chan
the perfect man for a woman?
I want to start with the update.
That person put that fucking crazy ass question
in the Yahoo answers,
then went about their day,
and then they were like,
oh, wait, yeah, I can't believe I didn't say.
Oh, shit.
One other thing.
I think Jackie Chan is the perfect man for a woman,
a man, whatever, because yes.
He's good for what ails you.
He's good for what ails you
no matter what you are in the mood for.
Jackie Chan has got it.
What do you need?
Do you need a bodyguard?
You need a bodyguard?
Sure, if that is your romantic ideal,
then fine, he can be that for you.
Do you need stunts in your life?
In your life, do you need somebody
to jump off of a ramp into a helicopter?
Because he'll do it, and he'll do it for real.
What if I needed a kind of bumbling tutor for my kids,
right, but then somebody tried to kidnap my children
from our home one evening while I was, say, at the opera.
Do I need Jackie Chan for that?
I possess an extraordinarily technologically advanced tuxedo,
and I need a man to wear it.
Who's gonna wear my space tech tuxedo?
Hey, it's me, Owen Wilson.
I'm looking for a friend.
See if you got any ideas.
I think I can help you out with that, Vince Vaughn.
No, not quite.
Can I hear that Owen Wilson again one more time?
Yeah.
I'm looking for a friend.
And this is Owen Wilson right after waking up.
No, he's always a little lost.
I'm just looking for somebody to help me
just be my friend, you know?
You're getting closer.
I got a mouth shave to help get me a little bit closer.
Hold your nose.
See if that helps.
I want to talk about life stunts.
Okay.
Griffin mentioned this idea of life stunts,
and it really resonated with me.
As in, stunts are things that happen in movies
to make it look like something dangerous is happening, correct?
Yeah.
And nobody gets hurt, ideally.
Well, no, that's my favorite part of every Jackie Chan movie.
Is that reel at the end where he has stunt bloopers?
You saved that.
You saved the snuff for the ending.
Here's all the parts where Jackie Chan died
and was replacing the new Jackie Chan.
And also, he got hit in the balls 17 times during filming.
Like 17 different times.
And every time that, you got to feel bad
for that fight coordinator guy who's just like in it.
It's just like, oh, I got in Shanghai Noon 6?
Awesome.
This is going to be great.
It's going to be so good for my career.
No, actually, bad news.
You accidentally kicked Jackie Chan in the right nut,
and you'll never work in this town again.
Yeah.
And now you're blackballed.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Jackie Chan is the perfect man for any woman
unless she does not want a man who is just permanently sterile.
Like beyond sterile.
Permanently purple down there.
Just beat to hell.
You can't even clone Jackie Chan.
That's how sterile this cat is from all the ball shots.
Life stunts.
What?
Why don't we have more parts of your life
that incorporate stunts that are preplanned
that you know you're going to do
and just have like more stunts in your life?
Do you know where that would be a huge benefit, Justin?
Imagine like you've just realized-
Viral wedding proposal videos.
Yes.
You've just realized your fly is down, right?
And you're like, oh, I need a distraction.
You look over at Jackie Chan, you nod.
He pretends to like fall through like an awning,
you know what I mean?
And land and pop back up and all that
while you're zipping up your fly and no one notices.
That might be a little elaborate.
It's a little elaborate.
I think I would just say like, please meet Jackie Chan.
This is Jackie Chan.
Here is Jackie Chan.
Zip.
Oh no, excuse myself.
Zip.
That's a great, that is such a great,
like you're married to Jackie Chan.
You're at your friend's New Year's Eve party.
Things are winding down.
Oh no, you shit your pants.
Jackie Chan, take it away.
I need to get out of here.
I've got you.
Hi everybody, I'm Jackie Chan.
Oh my God, where did Griffin go?
Please, you can call me Jacqueline.
Everybody does.
My friends, my closest friends-
My closest friends call me Jacqueline Chan.
He's probably the coolest person ever, right?
Yeah.
I think that he would probably be in my top five people.
I would be like just devastated to find out
was kind of a jerk in real life.
No, you watch somebody like crash a train into him on accident
in those snuff bloopers at the end of his films
and he gets hit by the train and goes flying
and is cut in twain.
But then they like run up to him like,
Jackie, are you okay?
And he looks up and gives a smile and a thumbs up.
That's a dude.
Don't blame the conductor.
It's fine.
I find myself in a bit of a conundrum.
I really enjoy animal companionship,
but my boyfriend is very stern on the opinion
that he doesn't want the responsibility of having a pet.
The most he will even consider allowing me to have
is one of a simple pet rock.
That's cruel and not a real pet.
Brothers, how do I explain to him how important it is
for me to have an animal around the house
that I'll look after without coming off
as I'm trying to wear him down?
He's a listener of the show.
Excellent.
And if anyone could convince him,
it's probably you guys.
Sincerely, Cat Crazy in Canada.
You're gonna start referring to the cat as,
you need a familiar.
Oh, that's good, Travis.
For your magics?
Well, if it gets to that point,
I'm just saying if you don't wanna appear
like you're just trying to wear him down,
just be like, ah, a familiar would really help me
in my research.
Something like that.
You know, just keep dropping those every so often.
You get the familiar before you learn any wizarding.
Yeah.
Think about Harry Potter, right?
There was a point in Harry Potter's life
when he knew no magics, but owned an owl.
At that point in his life-
And that was just okay.
He was just a kid that owned an owl.
Like, what am I supposed to do with this?
That must have been the hardest thing.
Like, when he was getting magic books, cool.
And he got a wand, cool.
And here's a bird of prey.
Here's a big fat bird you have to feed mice to.
That's probably fairly difficult to keep alive.
Like, we're not talking like goldfish here.
Like, this is an owl.
Yeah, and the hardest part about keeping a pet owl alive
is when you wake up and it's in your room
and right next to you, not instinctively murdering it.
Not just instinctively tearing it in half.
Like, oh god, big eyes, bye.
Tear it, rip it.
Could you start, I mean, you gotta start small, right?
You have to start with like a beta,
maybe a nice beta fighting fish, you know, betas.
Nobody has anything against owning a fish.
Like, it's the lowest impact pet.
I would like to suggest another plan.
Release a dozen mice into your home
and then place a call, email or fax to my newly formed business,
Justin McElroy's prohibitively expensive
yet profoundly incompetent pest removal service.
I come to your home and I have a thing on my van
that says the best in the biz, okay?
That is an important statement.
And that's sort of like a general use decal
so that whenever Justin pulls a grip on any sort of trade skill.
Justin McElroy, best in the biz.
And then I show up and I'm like,
oh, I see your problem, you got mice.
And then I do my magic.
I don't know what it'll be.
It'll pretty much just be hooking vacuums up to heating vents
and like doing that for a little while
and saying like, yeah, well, and-
Blowing into things and then waiting.
Throwing cheese out the window and say like, it's there.
And then I'll say, everybody out.
And then I'll wait.
I'll say, well, folks, that'll take care of it.
Then-
That ought to do it.
Then you have two pet options.
Pet option one, you see mice.
Oh, we should call pest removal.
No, what point would there be in that?
We already got the best in the biz
and he couldn't get rid of all these mice.
We're stuck with this mice problem.
So option one, you have pet mice.
That's cool.
Option two-
Cage free roaming, cage free mice.
Option two, and I think you're really gonna love this one.
We've already called the best of the biz.
We've already called the best that humankind has to offer.
We have to take this back to the animal kingdom.
Meet my pet cat, Mr. Hunter, like predator.
Meet my cat predator.
And then you own a cat to keep the mouse population.
But your boyfriend doesn't know how many mice are in there.
You can never get rid of the cat
because you never know when he's gonna find another mouse.
And if you need to keep up the illusion,
release another mouse in there every once in a while.
Justin, I just want you to know
in the scenario of this movie that you've created,
I picture the cat being introduced
very similar to the priest in The Exorcist.
Like at the bottom of a set of stairs
in like one street light, like meet my acquaintance, Mr. Hunter.
And then it's just a cat in a trench coat.
Meow, I'm father predator.
Meow.
And the cat just says best in the biz across the side.
That's key.
I can't emphasize that enough.
Listen, what we're really talking about here
is branding opportunities for Justin's
best in the biz sign making business.
Now, can I ask Justin what you get out of this?
Are you charging a fee for your initial consultation?
Maybe you didn't hear, it's right there in the name.
Prohibitively expensive.
Like if I'm gonna go through all this rigmarole,
I'm gonna get my taste.
I'm gonna get my beque.
And by beque, I mean the chicken
that I also bring to give you as a pet.
Listen, it's a full service business.
What does a chicken do?
Just makes a cat look good by comparison?
A chicken makes eggs, you fucking neanderthal.
I need a book.
Our first sponsor this week is Pro Flowers.
Mother's Day is coming up and you want to show-
It's like six days away?
Is that right?
Well, I mean, it's, well, I mean,
it depends on when this goes up.
Is it gonna go up on May the fourth?
May the fourth, that was our intro.
It was right there.
And another missed observation.
Make it up to your mom that you missed Star Wars Day
with a glass of 100 blooms with a free glass vase
for just $19.99.
You can make that day extra special
and add some chocolates for $9.99 more.
Just go to proflowers.com
and you're gonna click the blue microphone
at the top corner
and you're gonna type in the code MYBROTHER.
Sydney, we got a vase of these flowers sent to us.
They were Peruvian lilies
and they were now Sydney's favorite flowers.
They are really, really beautiful and it's a great deal.
So go to proflowers.com,
click the blue microphone in the top right corner
and type in the code MYBROTHER and get that great deal.
Now say that this is the first episode
someone's ever listened to
and they're like, what's this guy talking about
about his undies?
Why is he saying me undies?
Why is he speaking?
It's this product placement
because I cannot imagine a less appealing product placement
than thinking about my brother wearing me undies
and getting them super duper oily and squishy
from massage juices.
They pull moisture away from your skin
so you're cool all day long down there.
I just wore them to a rent fair yesterday,
walked around for four and a half hours
whilst drinking ale and eating,
I ate a quail, which was pretty cool.
Turns out I wasn't supposed to.
They were very ugly.
You got the quail and ale special?
We watched a joust.
My joust person lost.
It was very sad,
but me undies kept my zone very dry.
If me undies can make Travis cool at a rent fair,
they are capable of some pretty goddamn superhuman feats.
They are the Jackie Chan of delicates.
Right now, this is a great deal.
meundies.com slash my brother.
You can get 20% off your first order and free shipping.
We've had so many listeners try these
and they absolutely adore them.
They're never going back to regular underwear.
Don't get that six pack for eight cents.
That's gross.
Who knows what's in there?
meundies.com slash my brother.
For men and women.
For everyone.
Yeah, for everyone.
They're fantastic underwear.
And you're just gonna love them.
I have a message here for Will and it's from Alita.
And Alita says to Will,
Will, we've been married for two years now.
Can you believe it?
And we're coming up on 10 years together.
I'm really happy about it.
I think you're just so great.
You can make this sound really sarcastic.
I think you're just so great.
Really, the greatest.
I love you more than everything.
Here's to all the future years of our super fun life.
Love, Alita.
Do you love that this is the first non-ironic
actually kind message that we've gotten in literally months
and we managed to turn it into something dark and despicable?
We're bad people.
We're terrible, terrible people.
Thank you for not just being like,
hey, I'm gonna make Griffin say dog farts now.
Here I go.
You did it all right.
That was actually their plan was to get you to say dog farts
and they just like took you way around the bend.
That's a deep con.
That's a deep 2015.
I have another message though,
and it's for Jorge Aviles.
God, do you think I hit that?
I think you nailed it.
It's for Jorge Aviles and it's from Melissa.
You had to give it another pass in there.
You had to go back for it.
You got a double dunk.
And it's from Melissa who says,
Jorge, thank you for introducing me to the brothers
on that road trip we took to Big Bend.
Beautiful, beautiful park.
Thank you for letting me share in the therapeutic nature
that is Mabim Bam.
Laughing alongside with you
while listening to their goofs is priceless.
Happy birthday.
Love always, your Babi or baby.
I think it's Babi.
Probably Babi.
I think it's Babadook.
If it's a show reference, it's probably Babi.
Love always, your Babadook.
I'm glad here that Melissa has acknowledged
the therapeutic nature of MBMBM.
Not enough people talk about the recovery
that can be accomplished
just by simply listening to our episodes.
Physical, mental, emotional.
We'll adjust your fucking energons for free.
For nothing.
If you went to an energon specialist,
they're gonna charge you like 60 bucks an hour.
No one's gonna get mad at you for moaning
during a My Brother and My Brother and Me episode.
Yeah, I just assume,
I've never listened to our show before,
but I just assume that people who listen to our show
are just constantly like, oh, yeah.
Yeah, oh, man.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I'm gonna.
Ecstasy.
Oh, the pleasure.
I'm gonna nut.
Gross.
Gross.
I hate it.
I hate it.
Hi, I'm Julie Sabatier, host of Rendered.
It's a show about making meaning and breaking rules.
We're answering important questions like,
can you build a space suit in your living room?
I went to my brother's place in Beaverton,
and he has a swimming pool, and I pressurized the suit
and sat down there underwater for about 10 minutes.
The thing that I built was supporting my life.
That felt really good.
What does it sound like when you play a polka record
through a styrofoam cup?
And what happens when an airport carpet
gains a cult following?
Oh, my goodness.
The carpet has an Instagram.
Check out Rendered now at maximumfun.org
or wherever you like to listen to podcasts.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Yeah, Griffin.
I would love one.
This one was sent in by YadruDru at Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yadru Answers user, Lane, who asks,
is there such a thing as spirit sitting
that you can be paid for?
Is it like babysitting?
Like babysitting and being paid for your time.
Oh, I was joking.
For reals?
It says update.
The loudest like a whining baby
crawling all over and in you.
And that's not even information.
That's not, that's not, that's a,
that's a goddamn EE coming slam poem.
I have a question.
Griffin, read the exact phrasing of the question again.
Is there such a thing as spirit sitting
that you can be paid for?
Like babysitting and being paid for your time.
Time out.
That is a person who wants to get into this field
and would like to be paid for their abilities
with spirit sitting.
And then the further details are
the loudest like a whining baby
crawling all over and in you.
Okay, that's what happened here.
This person put up this question
and then they thought, well, I better get better at it
in case anyone says yes.
And then they got too big, too quick.
They got into some shit they didn't understand.
They got into some dark, some of his dark materials
and they, and they, and they opened the door way wide to.
His, his capital H.
His, his dark material.
Well, Lucifer, but yes.
Oh, okay.
I was a babysitter for a summer
and it basically involved me helping
one of the children beat all the very hard bosses
in Kingdom Hearts.
And I don't think that a spirit is going to be
quite as chill.
It's gonna be me.
It's gonna be me just constantly walking around
shutting cabinet doors.
Very funny.
Real funny spirit.
Pretty good stuff.
I go into the bathroom and I use the bathroom
and when I wash my hands,
all the skin falls off of my face in the mirror
and it's like, ah, it got me again, spirit.
Oh, you jokester.
Check this out.
You ready?
Mary Poppins, except for ghost children,
you're welcome, Tim Burton.
Please enjoy the movie that I have just written for you.
Oh my God, it's already out
and I'm looking at it on Rotten Tomatoes,
2%, 2% on Rotten Tomatoes.
Widely panned.
Helena Bonham Carter is Mary Spookins
and, thank you, Griffin.
A spoonful of poison.
That's my Helena Bonham Carter impression.
Why would you poison ghosts, Griffin?
That doesn't make any sense.
Because they're already dead
and it's like what they're into.
A spoonful of holy water banishes you to the great beyond.
Supercalifragilisticexpialis, oh shit.
Ghost, she got scared by a ghost.
Sure.
The good news is there is someone
who gets paid to sit spirits for you.
Go to your living room window,
look out at the street, there's a van there.
What's that van say on the side?
It says the best in the biz.
It's me.
Now Justin, what do you bring to the table
that makes you the best in the biz at ghost sitting?
A Ouija board.
I put it right on that table and I say,
let's sort this out.
Why are you still here?
And then I do, I'm the best of the biz.
So I say I got rid of them.
And what I do then is if you tell me the ghosts are back,
I just say, you're insane.
You're actually an insane person.
You need to go to the head doctor.
No, you just say that's a different ghost.
I'll take care of that one too.
You got, oh, it looks like you just,
you got ghosts up in the rafters.
I'm looking up here, you got some ghost damage in the corner.
No, Travis, I'm expanding the sale.
I'll say you are insane.
You need a head doctor, preferably one
that makes house calls look outside your window.
There's a van outside.
You step out of it.
David Blaine, what the fuck?
How do you do it?
You were David Blaine the whole time.
Best in the biz for psychiatric issues.
I come up and I help you that way too.
I help you in every way imaginable.
I'm gonna hit you with this.
You throw down the Ouija, throw down that Ouija board.
You say ghost, what is your unfinished business?
I'm trying to sit you.
And the triangle, the glass triangle starts moving.
And very slowly it spells out,
I need help beating Jafar in Kingdom Hearts.
I'm having a very hard time with the Jafar boss fight.
Can you help me?
And I'm like, yeah, dude, I got this.
The secret is you wanna use Thundaga.
The greatest test of your Kingdom Hearts acumen
is to give clues through Ouija board to say how to beat it.
You have to have some fast hands.
Well, no, Justin, the Ouija board is not a two-way thing.
You could just say out,
you don't need to use the Ouija board
to send messages to them.
Yes, Travis, that's true.
But Griffin is unable to see the ghost monitor.
So information about what is currently on the screen.
Right, they're playing PlayStation in the spirit realm.
Right, where all dead PlayStations go.
Right, I don't know what kind of equipment they have.
I don't know how they've got goofy kidded out.
One of my closest friends recently started selling cosmetics.
While I'm glad she found a way to make some extra money,
she's always asking me if I wanna buy some.
Even explain that she needs to hit her monthly sales goals.
As a friend, am I obligated to just help her out
and buy this stuff I don't need?
And that's from not buying it in Boston.
Sounds like you've already made up your mind.
Why not just hand her money and just say,
do you need it that badly?
Here's 10 bucks.
Here's $500.
I don't need any cream.
The cream doesn't expire.
Why don't you just stockpile?
Listen, I totally get this question.
I mean, in this day and age-
Travis sells a lot of chocolate bars
to try and pay for his band trip.
Listen, we're just trying to get to King's Island, you guys.
We just need this money.
Isn't this the reason that these businesses exist?
I mean, cause nobody's really selling the shit to strangers.
Nobody goes door to door anymore with this stuff.
They're sitting there and you're doing a birthday party
and you're like, well, you know what would help
with that problem?
I'm sorry, overheard you talking about bags under your eyes.
I have this product.
That's why it exists so that you can get your friends
into doing it.
You throw a small packet of cream at their eyes
and it explodes and covers them
and you've just cream bombed them
and then they have to pay for it.
That's a good sales tag.
That's how you become best in the biz.
I'm coming for your throne, Justin.
Come at my throne.
Can I ask why it's always cosmetics?
Cause if it was literally anything else,
I would be totally down.
If I have a friend that was like,
listen, I have a hard time making my quota.
I'm selling nature box snacks.
I would be like, I'll sign me up for just everything.
I'll buy all of everything you got.
I'll drink up all the nature box you got on the shelf.
Just let me introduce myself.
My name is, and then I start eating some pistachios.
Pistachios.
What?
Pistachios.
Pistachios?
Pistachios.
It's pistachios with extra potassium.
I once went on a great Twitter run
where I was just coming up with the top 10 nicknames
for pistachios.
What do you guys got?
Okay, here's some of the minds.
Stashies, great.
P-bombs.
What about little nut purse?
What?
Nut purses?
That's excellent.
Little nut purse.
How about oyster crunch?
Because it's like a little oyster
and you crack it and you get a little crunch.
I went with pistachios.
Little greenies.
Green nuts.
Green nuts, okay.
I think the problem-
Pistachios.
Pistachios?
I like that.
The problem with this question is,
I get that because when your friend's like,
hey, do you want to buy some of my wares?
And you know that they're trying to make money
and do it as a business,
it's really hard to look back on them and be like,
no, I can buy this cheaper somewhere else
and I support you doing it, just not financially.
That's tough.
Yeah, that's right, Travis.
This person has literally said exactly that.
That this is a hard situation.
I'm trying to get us back onto actually helping them
and not so much talking about pistachios.
I was terrified of the sales career
at an early age because of my exposure to the play
Death of a Salesman.
Here's what Death of a Salesman tells you
about selling things.
If you're really good at it,
eventually you're gonna be Willy Loman
because the, I don't know,
the things will change
and you won't be able to sell the widgets good enough.
Option two, it's going bad.
Psych, you're already Willy Loman.
Uh-oh, you missed your chance to get off the bus.
Don't be a salesperson.
Everyone ends up like Willy Loman.
But can't you also end up like Alec Baldwin
from Glengarry Glen Ross and always be closing?
You'd love that, wouldn't you, Travis?
I mean, as long as we're making play references.
See, Travis, that's a fictional piece of work.
That's a fictional play.
Oh, I see.
Salesmen die all the time.
That's just for real.
But do they ever truly live?
I work at a small office inches away
from three other people.
We all get along well and then spend time
talking as we work.
This sounds good so far.
I don't know why you would need this.
Sometimes we have lunches together.
It is enjoyable.
Later on, I go home and perhaps make some dinner
and watch a movie.
Anyway, anyway, good night.
Good night, man in the moon.
Another Grand Slam day in my cool life.
Had some good talks, had some chicken pot pie.
Pretty good all there.
Tomorrow's Debra's birthday.
We're going out for afternoon drinks.
I'll get to that laundry tomorrow.
It's no problem.
He'll still be there.
One guy, though, will put on his headphones
and tune us out until we start laughing
or the conversation sounds interesting.
Then he pops up his head and says,
what are you talking about?
Oh, my God.
He does this at least five times a day.
We have to repeat the entire conversation
to him every time and it's making me crazy.
Just pay attention.
Brothers, how can I keep my cool
and still have work chats around this guy?
That's from vexed in Vancouver.
Oh, Vancouver.
I'd love to go by there sometime.
Maybe make a visit there on, I don't know, August 30th.
Does that sound good?
Yeah, it's a date.
Yeah, I think I can work that.
I'll do that.
If you want to see me there,
go to bit.ly forward slash van, M-B-A-M and buy a ticket.
Anyway, more on that later.
More on that later.
God, it's rare when a person possesses
this sort of robotic work ethic strategy
and also like chronic FOMO.
Or it's like, you can't have both.
You can't get the best of both worlds.
Either do your business and be a good business boy
or be like a lunchtime fun boy, but you cannot be both.
You cannot be both.
I have an idea.
A lunchtime fun boy and a good business boy.
That's too true, Griffin.
I have an idea.
Hit me, Travis.
Every 20 minutes or so,
lean over and ask him what he's listening to.
Oh my god.
And then have him tell you about it
and then lean back and like 30 minutes later,
ask him again and do that until he's like,
hey man, why do you keep doing that?
And be like, because you do it.
Because you do it, Steve.
Get the fuck out, you're fired.
What if he's like, Dave, the guy I used to work with at TriData
and the answer to that question is always C&C Music Factory.
It is always the same C&C Music Factory cassette tape.
I think that that would be a pretty cool work day, honestly.
I'm a big fan of their work.
I recently in the car treated Sydney
to my recitation of all the lyrics that are gonna make you sweat
and she was not as impressed.
Every time he asks what you're laughing or talking about,
look him dead in his eye jellies and say, you.
Every time.
Every single time.
You, we're talking about you again.
He takes them off five minutes later.
Hey, what's all the hub?
It's you, I promise.
We're laughing at you and talking about you.
And not in a fun, nice way.
He'll have to keep his headphones off then.
How about one more Yahoo?
I just wanna get to it.
I love one.
It's sent in again by Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
Patrick, you did it again.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Kat who asks,
is crying over a celebrity normal?
I want everybody, I want everybody to predict now.
I know you're thinking Zayn Malik, maybe,
who the celeb in question, this person has sent forward this quandary.
Is crying over a celebrity normal, Kat asks.
For no reason, I have been crying over Willem Dafoe.
I was in my room watching one of his interviews
and when it finished, I turned it over to watch TV.
A few days later, I burst out in tears
and I don't know if it was me thinking about Willem
or if it was something else.
I haven't been paying attention to him as much as I used to.
I have been doing it for a few days.
My boyfriend knows the reason for my crying
and he's comforted me about it.
My friend Maggie told me to stop crying
and to just shut up about Willem Dafoe.
I have looked up to him since I was nine years old.
I'm 17 now though.
My boyfriend said, just remember, I'm here for you
if you need anything or if you wanna talk about things
like celebrities, then I'm here for you.
If you guys are gonna say it's your hormones, it's not.
I can tell you this has been going on for days.
I go outside a lot, so don't say it's that either.
Could someone please help me?
Is crying over a celebrity normal?
But do you think her boyfriend said it
as he was furtively throwing his personal possessions
in a bag and buying plane tickets to anywhere else?
Yeah, just give me a call whenever, I gotta go.
Gotta go, bye.
But she does.
Is that window reinforced or, you know what,
I'll figure it out.
Nevermind, bye.
Griffin, does she at any point in that question state?
Okay, that's what I wanna get to.
It's not like I heard Willem Dafoe singing
like a beautiful angel and it brought me to tears
or I heard Willem Dafoe talk about the death
of his grandfather and how sad it was
and it resonated with me on a very intimate level.
No, it's just this person is going Willem Dafoe,
like, oh my, wait, hold on, wait.
Willem Dafoe is, he is, he exists.
I think what this person is experiencing is guilt
is because they said in the question
that she doesn't think about Willem Dafoe
as much as she used to.
So maybe she feels like, hey, you know what
I haven't been making enough of lately?
Willem time.
So it's like the scene in Toy Story 3
where Andy comes across like all the old toys
and she's sitting there thinking,
I need to pass Willem Dafoe onto a six-year-old girl.
I need to find a six-year-old girl
and give her Willem Dafoe.
It's me, Willem Dafoe.
Have you thought about me lately?
I noticed you haven't gone to see Grand Budapest Hotel.
I don't know if I can take it.
Finish it.
What if Willem Dafoe showed up every time anybody prayed?
Smash the windows out, like, finish it.
I was about to, give me a second, Willem.
And are you wearing a green goblin costume
that you made for yourself out of cardboard boxes?
That looks terrible.
Finish it.
Okay, just give me a second.
And make sure you throw in an extra one for me.
An extra prayer?
What are you?
An extra prayer for me.
God won't listen to me anymore.
I need all the help I can get.
Anything you got.
Forgive me, Father.
It's been a while since my last confession.
And also on the last one that I did,
I forgot to pray for Willem Dafoe.
And I feel super duper guilty about that.
You should.
Oh God, no.
Wait, how did you?
Is there a celebrity that when you guys think about-
Them existing, they're existing.
Just the thought of them moves you to tears.
I'm betting that there's probably at least one.
I'm trying to.
I'm trying to work up a couple big fat tears
thinking about somebody.
Up, up, up, up, up.
I got it.
William Daniels.
Mr. Feeny.
John Adams.
It's pretty solid.
Just kind of, oh, there they come.
Griffin's sadness sounds like a wounded animal.
Don't you interrupt him.
You get it all out, Griffin.
I gotta, I gotta, I gotta Google
and make sure he's in Girl Meets World, a lot.
Don't stop.
This is the first step in healing.
People are apparently confused.
He is in Girl Meets World.
People are confused as to whether or not he is a ghost.
There is some confusion on Girl Meets World
as to whether or not Mr. Feeny,
the character from Boy Meets World is a ghost or not.
Hey, Girl Meets World, how's your storytelling?
Pretty good.
Cause people don't seem to be sure
whether or not one of your major characters is a ghost
or is a human existing person.
Do you think that that's part of the natural progression
as an actor?
You go from like playing a leading man
to like a more wizened sort of like grandfatherly presence
to anytime you're on screen,
it is questioned whether or not you are a ghost.
It's just people assume,
like I'm in that phase of my career.
The ghost phase.
I'm in the Sir Alec Guinness phase
where I only play ghosts in all of my movies.
I need someone to come and house sit
for my William Daniels ghost.
He gets very scared at night.
He is uncontrollable.
He gets, if he doesn't lay down to sleep by 7 p.m.,
oh, there is just no dealing with him.
It sounds like a job for one van.
You know who that is?
Van Morrison?
Best in the biz.
No, best in the biz, the van.
My van I have.
That's enough comedy for a van.
Mr. Matthews, I'm a ghost now
and I'm having a very difficult time
beating the Beauty and the Beast level
in Kingdom Hearts 2.
Mr. Matthews, I need you to help me beat the dark Mickey boss fight, please.
Can I hear that noise one more time?
Excellent.
Great, great noise.
That's my ring tone.
That's the end of the show.
Thank you so much for listening to our program.
Big thanks to Mianis for supporting the show.
Go to mianis.com slash my brother
and you can get 20% off your first order right now.
You'll get also free shipping.
If you want to come see us
when we do our Pacific Northwest shows,
if you live up there in the top left part of the country,
there's still tickets available for the Vancouver show.
You can find those tickets at bit.ly slash van, M-B-M-B-A-M.
If you want to come see us in Seattle,
there's tickets left for that show too.
It's bit.ly slash M-B-M-B-A-M Seattle.
You can find all the details on when we'll be doing those shows
and the specific venues there.
Portland, that show is sold out.
Sorry, but if you want, you can come see us in Seattle.
There are still a bunch of tickets available for that one.
If you're going to be in Seattle for PAX,
you can come to the show,
but you do not need a PAX badge to get into the M-B-M-B-A-M show.
Those tickets are going fast and they're reserved seating.
Yes.
Do not wait. Do not hesitate.
Go get those tickets.
We haven't mentioned it in a while,
but we've got PO boxes for the show
an East Coast and a West Coast HQ.
If there's anything you would like to send us,
we get a lot of wedding invitations.
That always makes us feel pretty special.
Doesn't make you feel special though when we do not respond to them.
We do not make it.
The West Coast PO Box is PO Box 341769, 341769,
Los Angeles, California 90034.
PO Box 54, Huntington, West Virginia 2576.
I want to thank John Roderick and The Long Winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
You should definitely, definitely buy and listen to that album a lot
because it's super-duper good.
And best of luck, as always, to John Roderick
on his Seattle City Council run.
We are rooting for you, even if we can't vote for you
because we don't live in Seattle.
I might do an absentee ballot.
I don't think that's how that works, Travis.
Oh, bummer.
There's new merch in the Max Fund Store,
new Max Fund merch,
including an incredibly awesome new Sol Bones shirt.
So go check it out, maxfundstore.com.
And we also have by Sydney's Sister Taylor.
There's lots of My Brother, My Brother, Me merch there,
other Max Fund merch.
Go check it out.
And please, if you can, share the show with a buddy,
rate it, review it on iTunes.
We don't spend any money advertising the show.
We never have.
We literally never have, so if you can help us out.
And we never will.
Well, I don't know about that.
I'm on my fucking grind now.
But if you can just help us out now
when we're still in our five-year-long grassroots campaign
by just telling a friend about the show
and making them listen to an episode
when they're in your car with you.
If you listen to our show and you just realize that,
hey, I've been listening to five years worth of this show
and I've never reviewed it,
we're at 2,996 reviews on iTunes.
I want to make it into the big leagues, please.
13 missed episodes in five years.
Justin wants to be Mr. 3000 is what he's saying.
Basically, yes.
And, Watson, we get asked this a lot.
If you would like to have a Jumbotron message,
if you would like to wish someone a happy birthday
or happy anniversary or just say,
hey, I think you're great in the money zone,
then just go to MaximumFun.org forward slash Jumbotron
and you can set it all up there.
We do a lot of them, so we can't guarantee a timeframe.
It may be a delay.
So non-time-specific, if you're willing to wait,
it's a great way to tell someone you like them.
And go listen to the other Max Fun shows.
If you haven't, Jordan, Jesse, go.
Stub Pockets and Yourself, Throwing Shade,
Sawbones, The Adventure Zone, Bunker Buddies,
we do those three.
There are a ton of really great shows.
Lady of the Lady, One Bad Mother, Pop Rocket.
Just go to MaximumFun.org and poke around.
Look around.
There's a dropdown list of all the shows.
You're going to like all of them.
Oh, and a special plug here.
A friend of the show, John Hodgman,
is coming to our hometown.
Well, not our hometown, but our home state,
Charleston, West Virginia, live.
What?
In June.
Yes, this is happening.
So just search for John Hodgman Charleston
and you'll see tickets.
I'm going to be there and I'm going to try to con my way
on the stage to get my...
I just want applause.
I don't really want to do anything for it.
But tickets are very reasonable, 30 bucks.
It's part of Festival June 22nd in Charleston.
So go see our buddy John Hodgman.
With me.
Y'all ready for that final?
You know it.
Yeah.
Y'all ready for my new mixtape?
This final mixtape is fire.
And it was sent in by Zoe Kinski.
Thank you, Zoe.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
No name.
No name available.
Doug.
Doug Yahoo.
It's asked by Doug Yahoo.
Doug Yahoo asks...
Why does the footballist Steve Madden
now make fashion shoes?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm footballist Steve Madden.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Get your dad's score out of the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hello, I'm Taco, the elephant magician.
World High Church here, the master of clerical magic.
I'm Magnus Burnside, the fighter.
Did you guys like that?
Did you, the listener, like that?
You were just swept up in a world of high fantasy and magic
where anything can happen and anything is possible.
Hi, I'm Griffin McElroy, dungeon master for The Adventure Zone,
a new podcast on Maximumfun in which magic and mystery intertwine
for a very erotically charged role-playing experience.
You can catch it every other Thursday here on Maximumfun.org or iTunes.
It's for Dungeons and Dragons, but with family.
