The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, me, and the advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis
McElroy. And I'm your sweet baby baby, Griffin the Swamp Thing McElroy. Hey, Swamp Thing,
we're so happy you could make it on the program. Get off that hoverboat, what's you afraid of?
You're gonna get your feet all swampy, that's a good Earth down in there. Justin, stop interrupting
him, just let him talk like that. Join my hydration specialist, Griffin McElroy. Grab
yourself a hurricane, baby, grab yourself a- wait, where am I going now? Where in the world is-
Griffin, hold on tight, this magic carpet of axes is backing hard. Is it gonna be the deep
south? Wait, where is this house? Is this Florida? Griffin's just fluctuating back and forth across
the Gulf of Mexico. I'm a mystified Floridian, and I've never seen anything like this before.
And on here we go, back to the Zatarans. All right, Foghorn Lozitico, maybe you could tell
us why your accent has been so impacted. I just got back from Nolans, where I had myself a lot of
ratatouille. On the plane there, I watched the movie Ratatouille. I went down to Nolans,
and a mouse cooked me all my meat. I walked around for like fucking 100 miles, because they
haven't invented public transportation yet down in Nolans, and I did develop myself a hemorrhoid
big enough to draw a face on. A lot of times when you're in New Orleans, you will ask that a mouse
prepare your food, but you really need to go back into the kitchen to make sure, because they will
try to tell you that a mouse has prepared your food. A lot of times, it's a possum. It's not even
a mouse. Or it's a guy named Possum. Got myself a flank steak, 16 ounces. How's a mouse even gonna
pick up something that big? You tell me that. You can't do it. Don't be afraid of this swamp water.
Did you take Traveler? Oh God, yeah. That's Savannah, Georgia. Well, no, you can do that.
As long as it's an open plastic container, you can drink whatever the fuck. You can drink heroin
out of it, as long as it's an open solo cup. Did you get into any voodoo? No, I didn't.
Did you eat any voodoo donuts? I ate 12 voodoo donuts, and every time I did, a bigger donut
was destroyed. That's how it works. Travis was staring at that big donut out in LA,
and it just all of a sudden started evaporating. It just got completely wrecked. I assume Griffin
traveled back in time and stopped the donuts' parents from eating. With a time-traveling
voodoo donut. What are we doing? I don't know. This sounds like we're reciting the lyrics of
a Cherry Pomadaddy's record. Time-traveling voodoo donuts. Come on out with the flank steak made by
a mouse. Okay. That's where Brian sets her territory. You know what, Kmart? This is worth
the $3.99 I paid for the CD. I'm glad I made this versus this is a worthy follow-up. No,
I had a terrific time in Nolens. I was kidding about going near swamp water. Not so much about
the hemorrhoid. If you haven't listened to our podcast before, what we do is we take your
questions, we mix them up with a little Cajun spice, and then we turn them into wisdom. Got
that. Got that Creole comedy. Creole comedy. Right here on my brother, my brother and me.
Let's get into it. Every time I hold open two doors in a row, like walking out of a shopping
mall, I'm not sure if I should expect the person to thank me twice or if the initial thank you for
the first door is implied for the second door. Vice versa, if someone holds open two doors for
me, should I say thank you both times or just the one for everything? That's from the curious,
courteous Canuck in Canada. I'm confused by the question because me too. I always understood it
to be whoever holds the first door door walks through the second door while you hold it.
Right. So a World War Two veteran, a 102 year old World War Two veteran, you say,
hey, Frank, what the fuck? I thought we had each other there. Otherwise, Griffin, what you're
looking at is I open first door, right? Person walks through, then they wait for me to then get
to the second door. It's like if they have to wait, if they have to wait, you fucked up. You
got to juke around them. What is this weird Cinderella's footman like idea? Excuse me.
Let's get the second door for you. I'm saying that's what's expected of you when you run into
a 100, a surviving member of the greatest generation. If you juke around them- One of
Nick Fury's howling commandos. But if they don't thank you again, fuck them forever. I don't care
if you were on the beaches of Normandy. Well, it's hard for them to thank you because they're constantly
howling. Well, I don't think that was a thing. I think it's weird to hold open both doors. I think
that the person would probably be so distracted by your desperate need to touch doors that they
wouldn't think to say thank you twice. They would be too busy thinking, what are they doing?
So it's a thank you and then a what the fuck? What are you doing? At what point is holding
the door open just become such standard courtesy that it's just like, oh no, you can only go
negative if you don't do it. The courtesy is to hold open the door. To me now, if I'm
like walking through a door and someone's right behind me and I don't hold it, I'm like, oh,
I'm a jerk. And when I do hold it, I'm like, oh, I'm just a human being. Like I'm just a normal
person who didn't close a door in someone's face. It's not courtesy. It's just like basic human
nature. So I don't think I should, I don't need to be thanked for that. Like you not hating me
is thanks enough. My periphery's all fucked up. I basically don't have it. I'm basically a horse
with those cool horse glasses on. And I never know when a human being's behind me, which would
make me very vulnerable and say like a ninja scenario or just a sneaky murderer. I would just
have no idea. There could be one behind me right now. Hold on. There's not. No, not. So I almost
never hold the door open in the style that Travis has just described, where it's just like you walk
through it and maybe you give it like an extra second or two of leverage. I fucked that up a lot,
which my wife can attest to. Cause I just, I, she has seen me fuck that up a lot with her perfect
periphery. It is often a very funny moment to me though, where like I see someone go through a door
in front of me. They let go of the door, then see that I'm there and you watch their hand, like kind
of as they're like, should I, I should I grab it? No, it's too late now. Just got to keep going.
We could do a whole episode about door holding. Cause what's the etiquette of when you hold it
and then the person who's coming actually slows way down. Or maybe they're just much slower.
There is no, there is no worse lock of the gaze than I opening this door for you and you are too
far away and we both know it. And I don't know where we go from here. If you speed up, I feel bad.
If you slow down, then you're going to feel awkward about it. And I don't know where we go from here.
Going to feel awkward about it is a nightmare. The only thing worse than that is the, um,
like the church letting out where you hold up in the door for one person and pretty soon,
like 30 people are walking through. Yeah. And you're stuck in that like, Oh, when do I let go?
At some point you have to just let it go and walk. Yeah. I w I would actually agree with you,
Travis. That is the only worst thing. I meant in a door context. Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Sure. Uh, this Yahoo was sent in. Wait, I have a question that I meant to ask. Oops.
How do they do it in Japan Griffin? How would I hold a door open? Uh, the Japanese style.
Well, I'm glad that you've asked this, Justin. Um, all of the doors in Japan are hard light
holograms. Do you guys want to Yahoo or not? Fucking tell me, tell me now. Yeah. I am going to
get in the Japanese style going as my brother. We'll get some fucking hard light hologram doors
and stop fucking tipping. Uh, this Yahoo was sent in by Drew Davenport, level billion Drew,
Drew shaman. He is a shaman of the Drew arts. Thank you. A Druid. What the fuck? How have we
been fucking this up this long? Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Uh, Drew, it's by Yahoo answers user, just me
who asks. Okay. They land on Mars. Then what? Like, what are they going to do? Good question.
That is going to cross somebody's mind when they come down. Like, I never thought we'd get this
far. We didn't really plan. Oh fuck. Actually. Um, look guys, I found a rock. Yeah, me too.
Fuck. Okay. Bring any bags or anything to put the rocks in or yeah. I mean, they're not coming back.
Like this is this mission. What is it? Like a hundred people like get there and they're like
fucking, all right, we're here. We're the first people to die on Mars. We're going to have a
Martian baby. Fuck. It's super fucked up. Let's um, okay. There's nothing funnier to me. Like,
obviously I think like, I don't know. I'm sort of a mix of, of two minds about the whole, like
going to like live on Mars. Like, that's your life if you want to spend it that way. I, you know,
it's like you're going to be alone. There's going to be other people there. That's fine. It's not
actually going to happen by the way, but like, I think that's, that's fine. What I like is the,
the decision that they definitely aren't going to be able to figure out a way back. Like it is not
even on the list of like- That would probably be day two. Day one. We did some experiments on some
rocks. Day two. Should we like try and build another ship? Can we turn these rocks into fuel?
Because they just fucking launched House of Cards season three. And I would very much like to see
that before I die in 60 years. All I know is that for me, like every time I pack to like go to San
Francisco, you know, three hours away, I'm like, Ooh, what am I forgetting? And Teresa always
reminds me, don't worry. Like they have toothbrushes there. You know, they have socks there.
Yeah. Not so much with Mars. What if you land and you're like, Oh, I didn't bring socks. Socks.
I forgot socks. Can anyone get on the wifi yet? Oh no, you can't. Cause we're- Is it any? We fucked
up because we're on the fourth rock from the sun. Say you're going to Mars, huh? Yeah. How do you
think, how do you think the effort to make another ship there is going to go? Well, bad. Well, I don't
know how to make biscuits from scratch. So probably not build the rocket ship. Do they have, they don't
have water per se. And I've heard that's important vis-a-vis living. I thought we would just go to
Mars. NASA doesn't, they don't have it here. Can I, Hey guys, I'm going to Mars tomorrow for the
rest of my life. Can anyone recommend any good iPad games I can download for the trip that will
last me for the rest of my life? I've heard this monument Valley game is good. Will it last me for
the rest of my life? Well, I also might need a battery backup. What, what the phrase the rest
of your life means is vastly different when you're headed to a planet that does not have water on it.
Cause that raises a lot more question marks about exactly how long of a span we're talking about.
Cause if it did fucking interstellar would have been a much shorter film and much better film.
I would say 20 minutes. We need to find life on another planet. There's Mars. I guess we can just
like fucking cab over there. Can we share an Uber? Okay, here we are. They also have decided that
like, it's also a sort of negative saying like, yeah, we're going to go die on Mars. It's kind of
a weird like a point of view on how you think humanity's space travel development is going to
go. Hey, do you think in your lifetime humanity will have a rocket that can get both to Mars and
back? Like that doesn't seem that crazy when you think about it. Like all you need is a ship that
can make the return journey. Like Justin, how many people do you think sit there and go,
I'm going to go die on Mars. That's what they're doing. That's what they're doing. That's what
they're all doing, Travis. Like that is the, that is the deal. None of them have have like,
are even thinking about a return trip like that. This is what they're doing. Do you think they just
finished Breaking Bad and we're like, well, that's it. That's as good as it gets. So I'm
not going to get any better than that. These people are heroes. And then they're like in the
ship and they see a billboard as they're flying out for Better Call Saul. I would love that
character. I love my kids or whatever. Send me back. I think you can own these people are science
heroes and we're goofing on them and we shouldn't be because they're fucking science heroes.
And I'm fucking, I am picking up what they are putting down in a major way. But what are y'all
going to do up there for real though? Give me a team of like 85 year olds and shoot them up there.
Fucking space cowboys too. Let's go die together on Mars. Cool. I'm fine with that because you can,
you can squeeze fucking 15 years out of euchre. You can squeeze 15 years out of the game hearts.
I bring a super hard puzzle. Just bring up a billion piece puzzle and you're cool.
You're probably even going to have a better time up there than you would in Florida,
but like fucking, oh man, what are you doing? Like 185 year olds and one like totally tubular
15 year old and his skateboard. Cause the lesson gravity is going to make for some six
sick tricks while all the 85 year olds are like, stop skateboarding on Mars. And I want to watch
that movie. Cut to, cut to, uh, cut to the mom just shouting. We forgot Kevin on the spaceship
to Mars. He's going to Mars. Planet alone. Home alone five. He's going to do sick kickflips,
but also die on Mars. Next question. I love watching X-Files, but sometimes it's just a
little too freaky watching at night by myself. No one will watch it with me. And I have a vividly
active imagination. How do I cure my heebie-jeebies so I can watch my show without having night
terrors? That's from in Oklahoma. I hope I said that right. I get it. I like, I am with you. I
like spooky stuff, but I have to keep it in the daytime hours. Rachel and I have actually stopped
watching walking dead. Well, we should probably just stop watching walking dead period. Uh,
but we have stopped making it the last thing we watch before we go to bedtime. Not just because
it's like scary or whatever, because it isn't. Um, but it is fucking depressing. And that's my bigger
thing is like, if a show is going to be just sort of unswervingly dark, I fucked up last night. I
watched the house of cards season three, a first episode, which has some, let's call it dark material
in it. And fuck my, fuck my rims up, fuck my rim cycle right up. And I wish I hadn't done it. So I
feel you just got to set a timer on that shit. I was walking dead where it was like, we can't do
this the last thing before we go to sleep. And then it was, we can't watch this, you know,
when we're just a couple hours away from bed. And then it was, we can't watch it after six.
And then it just, and then it was, we can't watch it because they're not fucking doing anything on
that show anymore. They're just walking around and dying. It's a good name for the show because
they're just walking around and then one of them will die. They should just, why don't you just
like watch X-Files with your morning coffee? Like to start your day, you're going to watch a dude
crawl through like an air duct and dislocate his bones and eat someone's liver or whatever,
while you sip on your coffee and eat your Cheerios. Jumpstart your day with some spooks
and some scares. Jumpstart your way the scully way. X-Files. The best part of waking up
is a boneless man in your ducts eating your liver. Because for me, like what I, I would watch stupid
scary stuff. Like, are you afraid of the dark? And the episodes that were legit, just like goofy and
stupid. But then my brain would kick over to like, yo, that was stupid, but what if? And then pretty
soon I was up till four o'clock in the morning. Yeah. And I'm talking about like a week ago. I'm
a grown ass man and still my overactive imagination does that shit. So just watch in the morning and
then watch a bunch of SpongeBob and like wash it away. Jesus Christ, Travis. Is it, is it just,
is it just Nickelodeon programming for you from this point on? Listen, I have, I have a very
particular set of tastes and it's basically like, I only enjoy things for children. You've got,
you've got Jack disease, but culturally. I actually like that. Uh, I actually like that chaser idea
of you watch something, but then, you know, you sneak a gravity falls or something like that in
right after it. Someone's going to pick your spirits right up. And, uh, uh, parks and rec
is great for this. Antiques road show. Okay. Well, no, but sure. Oh, see, I only enjoy things for,
uh, five year olds or 85 year old. That's why either I'm going to watch like, um,
avatar, the last airbender, or I'm going to watch, uh, you know, like property brothers.
Travis has both Jack and Benjamin button. So some, you would think he was like right in the
time of his life where he met in the middle and like carried himself like a grown ass man,
but no, because they both reversed and turned around. And now he's got Benjamin button and Jack
on either side, book ending him, trapping him in a prison of his own creation.
As I worked through grad school, I nanny for a beautiful one and a half year old girl.
I love spending time with her and I can't complain about the money.
However, when I take her on the town, I'm often confused for her mother.
Should I try to let admirers know that she isn't my child? This has led to some awkward situations
like the time I responded to what a beautiful baby you have with, oh, she's not mine. I just
found her like this. Well, don't say that. Don't say that. Especially not with that inflection
I just unintentionally gave you. Brothers, how can I let people know that I'm a nanny and not a mom
without a call to the police? That's from Kidless in California. Might I suggest a broom
and a carpet bag and an umbrella and not a broom. Okay. Cause I forgot what Mary Poppins.
A witch's broom, an umbrella, some steam punk goggles.
Okay. I heard, I heard aerobics and I heard a Mexican restaurant. Okay. Now I need a scenario.
Sweating up the check. Okay, here we go. How about, hey, how about number one nanny
shirt shirt. Yeah. Some kind of branding. Can we, is this something, listen, Facebook for me
has become, well, a prison of my own creation. Um, so many things in your life are a prison of
your own creation. And if you take a look around, you're, you're really going to start to see the
bars showing, but, um, Facebook for me, that's liberation. That's the first step to liberation.
Remember the con is on the con is on realize you're already in a prison of your own creation.
90% of Facebook to me is advertisements for, uh, let's see, I got one this morning,
but it's like, it's an Austin thing. You wouldn't understand it. Uh, or, uh, don't worry. Leave it
up to Griffin McElroy. Like it's like the fucking like books that your parents would get made for
you. Like Griffin's a six year old space astronaut. He's going to Mars to die. Like those books that
Facebook has basically become that for me. Are we missing out on a nanny centric market of people
who are fucking, how about this nanny and proud of it? You didn't let me finish nanny and proud of it.
Put that shit on a shirt. If every nanny buys it, we're Brazilian airs. What about a t-shirt says
it's not my baby. Gotta love me. Because cultural aspect and then on the back, because I'm a nanny
and I love it. I'm very proud. I guess doesn't have the pride. I feel with completing a good
job of watching this child. That's not mine. How about front side? I'm not a booboo nanny.
And then on the backside, just, I'm just a regular nanny and I love it. Love it so damn much. You
can't spell awesome without au pair. You can't spell awesome pair without au pair kind of,
and even then not. And even then it's a stretch. You can't, you can't spell Australian pair without
au pair. There we go. Maybe. Yes. Might be a bit of a reach. Are you Australian? I think there's
some symbols like an umlaut or French umlaut on there. Can you change something about the baby
to make it clear that you two are not related? Can you make the baby a different race than you? Can
you reroll the baby? Can you change the baby's characteristics? Is it too late to respec this
baby? We just changed Drew from a shaman to a druid. So I don't think it's outside the realm
of possibilities that maybe your baby is now a ranger. Oh, I can tell this isn't your baby. It's
a tiefling. This is a tiefling baby. I understand. Justin, hold on, because we did gloss over it.
Did you just maybe suggest baby blackface? I don't think I definitely did. I think it's
maybe open to interpretation what you said. And perhaps my interpretation is just one of many
because there's a lot of beautiful races out there. Yeah. I think that, I think this is a
situation a lot like when people say like, Hey, how's it going? All you got to say when they're
like, Oh, what a beautiful little girl. Just say, thank you. I don't think you need to say like,
she's not mine. Oh, I don't want to mislead you. This isn't my baby. Like, okay. Yeah. Cool. Super
cool. Like I don't really care transaction where that information becomes important. Like you're
selling it. Like I don't think that you're selling the baby. Why are you selling the baby? That's
like the worst. I'll pair all pairing that you could do. That's like number one of the three
laws of pairing. Don't sell the kids. You can't harm the kid unless the kid asks you to harm it.
I have to reread Isaac Asimov because I've forgotten the rest. And also look out. It's Will
Smith. Oh, I feel like I would be. He's got a baby arm. The kid is Alan Tudyk. Do you guys think I
would be a good au pair? Oh, for sure. Yeah. I feel that in my heart that like that would have
been a good career path. If the baby just wants to chill. I think if the baby wants to, if the
baby wants to sketch up on a skateboard and do some truck tricks. Hey, Uncle Justin, it's time
to get active. I don't think so. All right. Our first activity is why don't you bring me a laptop
and load up to monster.com for me? Cause I'm going to need a new career path. I actually did that
when I babysat and the kid was like, I'm going to go outside and play basketball. I'm like, or
we could watch SpongeBob. What would you think about that? Huh? On the couch time, not going
outside for you and me. We can go on a couch adventure. Use our imaginations. We can go
wherever you want. Like I want to go to the park. I want to play in the creek in the park. It's like,
it's like around the corner. It's like in one block over, we can go to the park and just like
throw a frisbee around or we can go on a couch mind adventure and we could pretend that we're
in a park throwing frisbee, but like we could easily super do that thing and it would be like
super duper easy. If you love nature so much, why don't you check out the Phoenix on my computer?
Cause this is Phoenix online and I'm going back to college. I love that Justin's, Justin's imagining
of him being on a career path involves him quitting that job. So deep are those roots in Justin's
mind. Yeah. So deep are Justin's commitment issues to a career path. Yeah. Just completely. Yeah. I
can't be that. I can't find, well, how are you going to advertise that you want a less active
kid? Like, do you know Brayden? Do you know Brayden? Is your kid less active than Brayden?
Then have I got an au pair for you? Wait, are there two of you? Why did you emphasize pair?
It'll seem like that. That's how good I am at it. You'll wonder if there's an au pair of me.
That man is sitting and playing video games on his couch so good. It looks like there's two of him.
That guy's, that, that man is watching TV with kids and actually secretly scrolling pornography
on his phone. Justin. He's the worst in a lot of ways. He's super bad. Wait a minute.
Is there one or two of him? He sucks so much. There's only one cause he's terrible. This
shithead is so shitty. I'm seeing double vision. This kind of incompetence can't be contained in
one corporeal form. You'll say to yourself. I want to tell you all about BlueApron.com.
Blue Apron is like one of, uh, it has literally changed my life. And I, I say that you're going
to sound like I'm blowing, uh, blowing smoke, but, uh, Blue Apron is a service where you sign
up and every week they'll send you meals in the mail. All the ingredients you'll need to make a
meal, I should say, because it's not done for you. You've got to meet them halfway on this. They'll,
uh, send you fresh, delicious meals that are easy to make for $9.99 a meal. It's a
refrigerated box, uh, with, with the meat, the spices, the vegetables, everything you'll need.
Uh, and it's a different thing every time. The reason I say it's changed my life is they, uh,
there are well balanced meals. Um, and, and I, and that's always the part for me at dinnertime
is figuring out like, you know, you're tired. You don't want to put the time into like driving to
the store and all that stuff. So you get a pizza, you get something unhealthy with Blue Apron. It's
settled for you. You know what you have to do and it's all there ready for you to start, uh, digging
into. So it's a, like a really great, healthy option. Most meals are only 500 to 700 calories
per serving. We're talking about stuff like, uh, let's see, what did I have? Uh, this week I got
lamb shawarma. Yeah. Yeah. That sounds awesome. Oh, we did that too. Can I dip into that? Uh, last,
uh, last week I had some, uh, uh, uh, beef low main in like an orange sauce with guy land on it.
And I actually get a lot of vegetables in the blue apron box that I could not buy locally.
I mean, and that's the cool thing is not only are you getting the main dish,
but it also includes a side dish as well. So with the shawarma, there was a radish salad
and like we did, uh, we did crispy chicken thighs and like a whole separate other side dish. And
it was ridiculous how good it was. Like if it's so much food and it's only 9.99 per meal. So if
you want to try it, you're going to go to blue apron.com slash my brother, and you can get two
meals for free by going to blue apron.com slash my brother, that address one more time, blue
apron.com slash my brother. Um, here's the thing guys, when you're not eating delicious food from
blue apron, you're going to be wearing underwear. Sometimes those may even cross over. It's
impossible. No, I cook bottomless because I like to feel the air on me while I'm expressing myself
colonarily. And I'm saying this and I'm thinking about like grease splatter and I'm uncomfortable.
That's why you have to wear one of those big, like Irish thick mitt sweaters cable. So it hangs
down to like your knees. And that's a sexy look for a boy. Yeah. Um, I want to tell you guys about
the best underwear you can buy. And that is of course me undies. Uh, me undies is the most
comfortable underwear that exists in the world. Uh, they're dedicated to offering you, uh, comfy
undies that fit great. They don't ride up and they actually pull moisture away from your skin. So
you're cool all day long. Uh, I wore them almost exclusively down in Nolans and that swamp water
didn't get anywhere near my zone. Stay out of there swamp water. I have a certain barometric
level. I prefer to keep things down there and me undies got me. Um, they're environmentally friendly.
They have cool styles for both men and women. They look great. Go to me undies.com and you can look
at pictures of people wearing underwear and they look great. And the underwear looks great and you
can own them. Uh, if you go to me on these.com slash my brother, you can get 20% off your first
order and free shipping on that order. No kidding is the best underwear that exists. Treat, treat
yourself to it. Um, because you, you won't regret it. We have a message for Lydia syphilis Diller
Carlton. Oh Jesus. Okay. And it's from Edwin. I feel like you didn't nail the emphasis there.
Let me try Lydia syphilis Diller. No, no, no, no. Lydia syphilis Diller. Oh, okay. I see. There you
go. Uh, Carlton, uh, from Edwin double-fist Zuniga. Yeah, probably nailed it. Happy birthday to the
truest friend, a long haired kid from the streets of LA could have. Sorry the end of 2014 sucked,
but together we'll avoid le bonking it in 2015. Looking forward to fire pits, dice rolling,
pasta necklaces, judging young kids at the rock and roll shows and slapping fugazi songs on my
belly in the years to come. Keep it streets, LC. Wow. Sometimes I just feel like I have this open
wind. Like it's almost like you're driving past and you stare in people's windows and you think
like, I saw something I'm not meant to see. Yeah. Driving past, not like looking in for a long
period of time. Oh wait, hold on. Let me listen to that belly slap. Is that fugazi? Is that fugazi
or is that pavement? I can't. Some people will say that the only way to listen to music is on vinyl,
but I think the only way to listen to music is on belly slap. I actually, I like to take two
seven inch LPs and I use those as circular drumsticks against my belly fat. I do it against
other people no matter how much they ask me to stop. Got a message for Charles R. This is a
fucking name. Charles R. Mountain from Caitlin says, happy birthday, Chip. Sorry, Caitlin. Do you
mean Charles R. Mountain? We'll accept Chuck Mountain and also the mountain and that's it.
That's it. I know you thought your birthday present would be a personal message for the
McElroy brothers, but that wouldn't be a surprise at all. Instead, I got you a large frame photo of
Orb winning the Kentucky Derby. To redeem, mention coupon code, Orb is two steel drums.
He is. He really is. He is. Well, happy birthday, The Mountain or Charles or Chuck Mountain.
I don't think there's any gift that anybody could give you that's better than if your parents
already gave. Enjoy walking the land and spreading the good word. Mastering all you survey, Chuck
Mountain. Hi, I'm Julie Sabatier, host of Rendered. It's a show about making meaning and breaking
rules. We're answering important questions like, can you build a space suit in your living room?
I went to my brother's place in Beaverton and he has a swimming pool and I pressurized the suit and
sat down there underwater for about 10 minutes. The thing that I built was supporting my life.
That felt really good. What does it sound like when you play a polka record through a styrofoam
cup? And what happens when an airport carpet gains a cult following? Oh my goodness,
the carpet has an Instagram. Check out Rendered now at maximumfun.org or wherever you like to
listen to podcasts. Do you guys want a Yahoo? Yes. Yeah, please. This one was sent in by
game recognized game, Rachel Sperling. Thank you, Rachel. What was that? That was just the drum beat
of like when a basketball team enters. I was hoping somebody would do like the synthesizer
and which name name me three basketball teams. It's not the LA Lakers, the Wizards, the Bulls
and the Spurs. OK, someone knows their shit. This anonymous user asked this question in the
pregnancy and parenting trying to conceive category. Would your semen be able to leave the moon
if you ejaculated while standing on the moon? Oh, God, sorry, showing up on the radar,
it's coming hard and fast and it's not breaking up in the atmosphere. Armageddon,
too. We got to stop this jizz. I don't want to close my eyes, but I probably should.
I should because this sucks. Would your semen? You're on the moon. You blast off some dude juice
and it whoosh. I think you've created a new astral body. It would enter like it would become
a moon to the moon, wouldn't it? At that point, like it would enter. It would have its own orbit.
Yeah. Uh-huh. The tiniest comet. A little comet. It comes around every 70 years and your kids
look up their future telescopes and say, Dad, is that Hale-Bopp Comet 2? And you say, Yeah,
it is. And I have a secret I've never told anyone as much is. I guess the real question in this
scenario is like how what mechanism did you come up with to have your wiener out that it didn't
freeze off in the void of space? A mitten. Put a mitten over that. Of course. I don't see what's
so hard to understand about that. Whoosh. There it goes. Got you, little guy. It can fly. It'll
take trillions of years as it travels out of our solar system, goes through the interstellar black
hole, comes out the other end. It's trillions of light years away from our Earth as we know it.
And then to a derelict part of space where it's just no life has formed. And then my dew juice
explodes. What if that becomes the sun? Oh, my God. And that's the newest game from me, Peter
Molyneux. That is how this is the opening moments. And then from that point, you take one ounce of
the dew juice to portray, to go to every corner of the solar system. And this is the game that
I've made for you, Peter Molyneux. It has the most upsetting Kinect controls that you've ever-
You will never be more upset by Kinect controls. Graphical fidelity so rich you'll wish it wasn't.
And there it goes off on its own adventure. I'm just thinking about the departure.
Mm-hmm.
And just one astronaut watching another one. And it's like, this isn't weird. This is science.
I see you've come control to me, Tom. Please stop.
And then it's like, whoosh. My own little spaceship of my own going on an interstellar journey.
And there it goes, saluted as it escapes the orbit. Whoosh. But then it runs into an
astronaut. And then it sticks to all the astronauts together.
I don't know why the scientists keep making astronauts.
All the astronauts get stuck together. And then it alters the orbit of this new planet you've
created. And it crashes into our planet. And that's Melancholia II. Lars von Trier. He's
mixing all of his genres together. It's a spatial sex horror romp.
And I call it Ghostbusters III. You're right, everybody. I just made it very bad. Made a bad
film. That's me. Lars von Trier.
That's right. Ghostbusters III.
And that's what I sound like. The classic my brother, my brother, and me bit. What does
Justin think people sound like? Hi, I'm Lars von Trier. This is me. Did you guys see Antichrist?
Pretty fucked up, huh? You may remember the way my voice sounds from the time that I tried
to sound like Peter Molyneux ten minutes ago. Oh, Jesus.
I fall asleep without trouble, only to be slowly woken up by a song, usually at about
four a.m. Today, it's Starship. This happens almost every night. I've tried putting on
ambient music or white noise, but it only makes Mbop even louder. Do you have any ideas
about what I can do? Save me. We built this city from this terrible. We built the city
on rock and roll waking nightmare. Sleepless in Portland, not Seattle. I'm confused.
Yeah, me too. Where's the music coming from?
No, I don't understand.
You find the source of the music and you ask them to shut it down. Like, I don't understand.
No, it's in your head. Or is it in your head?
That's the thing. What they're saying is they have a song stuck in their head. So this happened
to me with Bastille's Pompeii for literally three weeks, where I would be woken up from
a dead sleep with badadum badum in my head.
You're talking about Tarzan Boy 2.
It was so catchy.
Yeah, I got Pompeii in my head really bad. I think everyone on this call will remember
the grim few days in February of 2015, where we were all in confined spaces for a weekend.
And I had not even the chorus of Ginuwine's Pony stuck in my head, but just the very beginning
sounds.
The opening strains.
The opening strains of Pony.
I actually looked up the lyrics later and was retroactively horrified by what I'd been...
So this is a great opportunity for us to talk about the lyrics of Pony in a frank and safe
environment.
Because this is a fun game.
If you're listening at home, you've certainly heard the song Pony millions and millions
of times.
Go ahead and say the first few words of the chorus.
They reference it on Parks and Rec.
He sings it at Lilith's...
I played it at my wedding.
I played it at my wedding, and I danced with my nanny to it.
But go ahead and try and figure out the first words.
So let's just go ahead and talk about this.
By the way, this is the rest of the show.
So if you don't want to spoil Ginuwine's Pony for yourself, then you want to skip ahead
to the end.
Here are...
Let's just go line by line.
If you have a song stuck in your head, by the way, just try and get it out.
Get over it.
Go on.
Okay, deuce.
Listen to the song.
Actually, listen to the song.
That's what did it for me.
You have to listen...
Because if you get halfway through something, that's when it gets stuck.
So you have to like finish it.
And then stop listening to it instead of midstream.
Because your brain gets hung up on things that are unfinished.
And it wants to complete the loop.
There's a lot of game design based around that.
Anyway, I'm just a bachelor.
Okay.
Looking for a partner.
Beautiful.
I'm loving it so far.
This is very romantic.
Yeah.
So far, this is good.
Someone who knows how to ride without even falling off.
Maybe he literally needs horseback riding.
Hold on.
Are you having a problem with people falling off of your pee pee during sex?
She's really bad at riding.
She keeps injuring herself.
Are you bucking down there?
What are you doing?
It's so rambunctious.
I'm very slippery.
I'm very slippery.
I'm not a sex time, like, master.
But you don't buck.
I don't buck.
Nobody falls.
Gotta be compatible.
Takes me to my limits.
Girl, when I break you off, I promise that you won't want to get off.
All right?
You're starting to confuse some of your...
Okay.
But then he...
Just before you can like contemplate that line, he gets...
Like, in case you've been somehow confused by the layers of illusion.
Is it horses or is it fucking?
Right.
Is it horses or is it fucking?
Genuine dispels any of that lingering doubt by saying,
if you're horny, let's do it.
Ride it, my pony.
But he could be being very obtuse there.
And he could be just speaking politically if you're super horny to ride a horse.
I mean, because that's me.
Like, basically every day I'm super horny to ride a horse.
Give me more general parlance, not the specific, not the literal horny,
but the new vernacular horny.
Like, I'm really horny to try this burger.
Yeah, I'm horny.
I don't want to fuck this burger.
Right.
No one would want to fuck a burger.
But I will.
I will if you need me to.
If I have to.
If it's going to get me this job, yeah, sure.
Listen, I'm going to be devil's advocate here because-
That's what it's going to take to sell you this car.
I'm going to be devil's advocate here because I feel like people have over-sexed this song
way too much, and I am still unconvinced it's not about horsies.
What a pretty fun interpretation of this song is that Genuine has never had sex in his life
and doesn't know the things that happen in it.
So he imagines that maybe falling off is a problem,
or maybe someone gets broken off at a certain point.
Or like if it's not compatible because like yours is kind of shaped like this
and hers is kind of shaped like that.
It's like, well, I'm not going to fit in there.
Some people have a duck penis.
I don't know.
What do you say before you do it?
Probably something like really direct, like if you're horny, let's do it.
Do you think that's how people have sex together?
Like they say that?
I can't think of literally any other introduction to the act.
Yeah.
Then I'm going to kiss your butt.
You're going to kiss my butt?
Because that's-
Is that what you-
Gonna pinch your elbows now.
I don't think, and then he thinks saddles are involved.
My saddle's waiting.
Come and jump on it.
Now here's where I think my theory is reinforced.
In the next section of Genuine's Pony,
he has completely exhausted any like imagined sexual prowess that he has
and says the lines,
sitting here flossing,
peeping your stelo.
He's sitting here flossing.
Yeah.
He knows about oral hygiene.
He's got a fucking amazing smile.
So I'm not so surprised about that.
Peeping your steelix.
He's looking over their Pokemon collection.
So like, yes, again, I'm on board.
Is it possible he's so deep into Pony play that when he says like,
you're falling off and like my saddle is ready, he's being literal.
Like if you want to do this, put a saddle on me, ride me around the apartment.
Do a horsey back ride.
And then nine months later, you'll poop a baby out of your butt.
I think.
Yeah.
Maybe.
There's some more vague,
vague allusions to the sex act,
culminating in chills up and down your spine,
juices flowing down your thigh,
which I think we can all agree.
It's sweat from the saddle.
I got the sweaty thighs from this saddle.
I need a bigger saddle that it has that it breathes.
So here is the next, the last section of this song.
And he starts,
he grabs the reins of this fucking crazy metaphor
and just steers it into a shopping mall.
And it's just like knocking over trash cans.
Cannot keep it on the rails.
Here are the last lines of the song.
If we're going to get nasty, baby, first we'll show and tell.
Okay.
So metaphorically, what you've done is you've taken us into a classroom
where we're going to show and tell about the things
that we're about to do.
And what are those things?
Show our genitals and tell about them?
Tell about our genitals.
This is my penis.
His name is Steve.
This is penis.
What is this?
Tell me.
What do you call this?
Till I reach your ponytail.
Okay.
So now you've like conflated ponytails with ponytails
and maybe another,
and there's definitely like an animalia layer.
He might actually mean like a ponytail butt plug
from Extreme Restraints.
Or he thinks that he's going to go so deep in that vagina,
he's going to reach her butt again,
proving that I don't think he understands what's up down there.
Is that Genuine's hand coming out from underneath your ponytail?
Like that one scene in The Grudge?
Yes, it is.
He's deep inside.
He then says, lurk all over and through you, baby.
He's going to go on a magic school bus adventure
through your vagina tube until he takes the butt exit.
He's going to lurk.
But he says he'll lurk.
How are you going to lurk through someone?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
You seem distressed.
Yeah, my stomach is really hurting.
It might be I had some Mediterranean food
and I don't usually handle that well,
or possibly Genuine's on a magic school bus adventure inside.
And he's lurking around my insides.
Lurking around all over and through me.
And then he gets that,
like he tries to bring the metaphor back around.
He says, until I reach your stream,
you'll be on my jockey team.
Sure.
What are you even saying?
Like I don't even understand metaphorically
what you're trying to get across anymore.
The stream is a metaphor for the fact
that he can lead her to his penis,
but can't make her drink.
And then the jockey team,
she's going to be on the team of people riding him.
Apparently?
For competition.
He is not making her feel special.
Maybe he says jockey team
because he feels like he had to rhyme with stream.
But honestly, Genuine, that's a restriction.
That's a self-made prison, man.
Yeah, look around.
That's a prison you made for yourself.
Stream didn't make any sense in context.
You've had no water-related-
Again, Genuine, you did say earlier
that she was the one with a ponytail.
And if that's the case, she's a pony
and ponies don't ride other fucking ponies on races and shit.
How about this line?
I don't want you to think I'm a player.
I'm going to make you my only mare.
That's beautiful.
That's fine.
But then you have just confessed
that you have a team of people
that are unsuccessfully riding on you
because you won't stop fucking bucking them off.
You have to have some backups
because that's how he thinks sex works.
Well, what he's saying is
she's going to have to work his way up the jockey team
because you don't just start the jockey off
in first position.
You get in on the ground floor.
Yeah, I'm going to welcome you to the line
and if you can prove that you're better
than Jimmy and Steve and Susan and little Jimmy,
then you can be the head of the jockey team.
But until then, if you're horny, let's do it.
You got to muck my stable, if you know what I mean.
If you know what I'm saying.
I wish he threw out more metaphor.
Oh, there's so many things that he could do.
I'll let you shoo me.
What?
Yeah.
What does that mean?
Inspectum, my teeth girl, looking for gum health.
It'll be there because I floss awesome.
An apple, two apples, third apple, I'll eat them.
I'm pulling your carriage.
I pooped on the street and the Shriners rode through it.
He's in a parade in this metaphor.
Sure, I'm with you.
Wow, that really was the rest of the show.
I told you, I knew, I sensed it.
I sensed it coming.
Thank you so much to MeUndies for sponsoring our program.
A reminder, you can go to MeUndies.com slash my brother
and get 20% off your first order.
I guarantee both of our advertisers are going to
significantly improve the quality of your life.
Who's the other one, Griffin?
The other one is Blue Apron.
Blue Apron, you can go there and you can get delicious
ingredients to cook your own delicious meals at home.
It's $9.99 per meal, but we can save you a little bit off that
if you go to blueapron.com slash my brother,
you will get your first two meals free.
Also, Max Fun Drive is coming up.
It starts on the 16th and goes for two weeks.
I mean, this will be our fourth, I think,
but if you're new to the show or new to the network,
Max Fun Drive is our opportunity to give you something
like the best shows of the year.
And it's also your chance to become a sponsor,
a donor of My Brother, My Brother and Me
and other great maximum fun.org podcasts.
And you'll get some great gifts for becoming a donor
or upgrading your donation.
You also get bonus episodes and I can only speak for
My Brother, My Brother and Me in the Adventure Zone,
but they're fucking good.
You won't want to miss those.
So, I mean, I don't know.
I wasn't sitting in on the Sawbones
or the Bunker Buddies bonus episodes.
I don't know what kind of heat you guys are bringing.
The Bunker Buddies one was super fun.
How was Sawbones?
I haven't done it, but will.
It's gonna be good.
It'll be real good.
It's gonna be great.
Also, I'm gonna let you know,
there's a couple more tickets left.
I think there's only a few for Milwaukee
and a little bit more for Chicago,
but they're going really, really quickly for our live show.
So go to, it's bit.ly forward slash M-B-M-B-A-M Chicago.
And the other one is bit.ly forward slash M-B-M-B-A-M-M-I-L.
I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed.
A terrific album.
I was actually listening to it this morning
because it got a little chilly here in Austin.
It's a nice cold weather buddy,
but it's also a warm weather buddy.
It's completely arbitrary what type of weather it is.
Just buy the album and listen to it.
It's great.
I also want to say we got a, or I did at least,
from Rob Toner in the LA PO Box.
Rob sent me two Mordecai posters.
Oh God.
And they're the gigantic ones,
the one of Johnny Depp and the one of Gwyneth Paltrow.
Oh sure, yes, I know them well.
Oh, they're so wonderful.
I'm going to put them up in my home.
The PO Box for the LA, the West Coast,
is PO Box 341769, Los Angeles, California 90034.
Speaking of, super quick,
I want to just blow through these
because I want to thank people
for the great things they got us for Candlelightz.
And I've had this stack of stuff next to my desk
for literally three months.
And so just let me say it.
Andy sent me discs of all the Joystick podcasts.
Thank you so much, Andy.
Oz and Ben sent us a beautiful greeting card.
We got one from Lead Beaters here.
We got pickles from Scottsdale.
Got a game of horse sense from Reed,
a t-shirt and CD.
Kate and Carl sticker factory.
And Sean sleeps naked is the name of that CD.
Andy got me Power Factory on CD.
We got a beautiful postcard from Nauter Sessions.
Scientists, those words don't make any sense.
A postcard from Eric in California from Rome,
which is beautiful.
A postcard from Dennis R. from San Francisco.
That's beautiful.
A lovely Christmas card from Brian and Katherina.
Another one from the Hills, which is just lovely.
Everybody's got beautiful families.
The Vandenbrooks sent us one.
They have a beautiful family.
I'm happy to report.
Oh, I was worried.
I know.
Thank you, Brian, for the lovely note
and the Adventure Zone gifts.
Thank you to George Zimmerman for the very kind note.
And congratulations to Talon Wisdom for graduating college.
Thank you, Lindsay, for the beautiful gift
that you sent to us.
Jennifer and Laura, thank you for the wedding invite.
Thank you to Nikita for the Jimmy Buffett book.
Thank you to Save the Date from Rachel and Chris.
That's very kind of you.
We've got a beautiful postcard from India.
Thanks to Anne for that.
And finally, lastly, a dice bag from Trevor Dearborn
that he fashioned for us himself.
These chain link dice bags, I'll have to get you guys.
Oh, sweet, yeah.
So I know that was, sorry, everybody,
but thank you to everyone who sent us stuff
because it really is so very kind of you.
Yeah, thank you all very much.
Got a final Yahoo answer here from level 9,000.
Yajuridru at Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
This is by a suspended Yahoo Answers user who asks,
where and how can I get a life like Kesha's?
I want a life like that.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Charles McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother, Me.
Kiss your dad.
My Brother, My Brother, Me, Kiss Your Dad, school.
Way on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
Oh, hey there, everybody.
I'm Guy Branum, and welcome to Pop Rocket,
a new weekly show picking over the pop culture
we all love to love.
With me to talk TV, film, music,
and anything else entertaining
are journalist Margaret Wappler,
academic writer and DJ Oliver Wang,
digital strategist Wyndham Mitchell,
and comedian Santina Muha.
It's an intellectual and incredibly snark-filled discussion
about pop culture by five cranky Hollywood 30-somethings.
No name-calling, no rudeness,
just straight talk and a lot of role play.
I'm only 30-something for another year.
Me too.
And I don't tell anybody I'm 30-something.
Pop Rocket comes out every week from Maximumfun.org.
