The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
If you change your mind, I'm the first in line Honey, I'm still free, take your chance on me If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around If you got no place to go, when you're feeling down If you're all alone, when the pretty birds have flown
One, two, three, and fuck it, it's The McElroy Brothers, back for another MV, MV AM.
I feel like here on the advice show for the modern era, we can curse a lot more now that we have Bob Ball telling people, watch out, cursing.
I actually, I have Bob Ball following me around all the time just to do that, like, watch out, Travis is about to curse.
This guy's about to say some shit.
Oh, I'm sorry, I just did it. I just cursed in the disclaimer.
And then he has a guy that follows him around that says Bob Ball is about to curse when he tells you Travis is about to curse.
And hey, pretty soon, everybody's employed. You're welcome, Obama.
Hey guys, happy 20th anniversary of the very first show we did. Can you believe it?
I cannot believe it.
It seems like only 21 weeks ago.
It was.
It was.
It was.
Sorry about that one.
Hey, here on the advice show for the modern era, we take your questions and turn them into wisdom.
It's Alchemy, and I'm going to kick it off right now.
I'm almost 30 years old and I've never really had a nickname, says FormSpring.
I think FormSpring is a pretty good nickname, but let's move on.
I'm starting a new job soon, and I think this might be my last chance. Should I just introduce myself as Highway or Hunter?
Or do you have any other suggestions?
Highway Hunter.
Yeah, I was going to say Highway Hunter, but Highway to Heaven.
I'm Landon.
Whatever it is, it has to be something that refers to either some sort of trait, some sort of physical trait or some sort of physical item that you wear around.
For instance, one year I went to church camp, and I had this new pair of shitty sunglasses, and I referred to myself exclusively as Shades.
That's why whenever I walk into a room, I say, Hi, my name's Cock Ring.
Hi, I'm Skinny Jeans.
Whatever it is, you've got to devote yourself to it.
You can't waver.
That's the thing about it.
If you roll up in a church camp and you say, What's up, they call me Shades, and then you go off that for a second, you'll never hear the end of it.
Yeah, the trick is to pretend like this name has been given to you.
I don't even remember my real name.
If it doesn't say Shades on my birth certificate, I don't know.
Exactly.
I don't know.
People have been calling me Shades for so long that I don't really remember what my real name is.
Because it's got to be like back in school and you've got to have a backstory.
You've got to have a convincing backstory for this name.
It doesn't have to be a good one.
The important thing is that it's a casual backstory, not something you've thought about.
It can't be intricate.
They call me Funyuns.
Why?
I like Funyuns.
I like them.
They call me Red because I like red.
I don't know.
I like red a lot.
Better than that.
I think what would be great though is if you picked another name as your nickname.
If you're like, hi, my name is Travis, but people call me Ignacio.
Just don't make it make sense.
I think that's the way to go.
Or in reality, don't give yourself a nickname.
Do not give yourself a nickname.
You just got to pretend.
You don't give it to yourself.
You pretend it was given to you by a group that these people will never ever meet.
So not long ago, this is Leo from Gmail, not long ago, a girl I really liked asked me out
on a date.
It went well, even to the point of her coming up with a whole bunch of ideas for follow
up dates.
Okay.
Pre-planning.
Good.
Thinking this meant she dug me, I decided to ask her to our high school prom.
She said no, even though she didn't have another date and even came and gloated to me when
she did find one.
Since then, she's ignored me completely.
This wouldn't be a problem, except we'll both be going to the same university.
We'll be in the same faculty and we'll both be living in res starting in a couple of maybe
residency halls.
Something like that.
I think so.
Yeah.
Starting in a couple of weeks.
So since I'll probably be seeing her somewhat regularly in the next while, how do I make
things less awkward?
Unfortunately, packing up and leaving isn't an option.
Damn it.
Damn it.
That's our A material.
Thanks.
Keep up the great work, Leo.
My real question is, Leo, what did you do?
What did you do?
Yeah, Leo.
Shit's on you.
She was planning other dates.
How gnarly was that gas you ripped at the end where she was like, never again.
This is the worst toot in history.
The toot heard around the world.
The toot heard around the world.
Leo, here's something for you to nosh on.
Maybe since you were the one that was wronged in this scenario, maybe you shouldn't be sweating.
How awkward it is.
Maybe you, Leo, should be just riding that awkward wave.
Give her the pretend you don't know who she is.
That'll go good.
Oh, I like that.
You like that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think that's pretty good.
Griffin, how do you make things less awkward with girls like this?
I shit you not.
Packing up and moving away is one of the few options.
Otherwise, time's going to heal those wounds.
Really, you're going to meet so many new people at university, as you say, that I really don't
think it's going to be a big deal, man.
That's the thing.
I don't know what school you're going to, but most of them are big enough that you're
not going to see her.
You might see her two times in the next year, so don't worry about it.
But if you do see her, just punch her right in the face.
No, don't punch her in the face.
Travis, don't punch her in the face.
I'm sorry.
My fault.
I get caught up sometimes.
When are we going to get a new brother?
I am a single young gentleman who relies on the advice from others as a formative measure.
When talking to people, I often find myself giving anecdotes and metaphors too frequently.
Even I will admit that most are pointless and or boring.
Am I being rude or do I need to refine these skills?
Please help, Simon.
I don't see why I can't be both, Simon, but maybe you are being rude and yes, you need
to get better at that.
Travis, do you have any advice for him?
You can never use anecdotes and metaphors too frequently.
In fact, you should only speak in metaphors.
Okay, well, that's probably, maybe Travis wasn't the one I should have turned to for
wisdom on this.
To be fair, I don't know what a metaphor is.
I can't remember if that's the one with like her ass.
You would probably be well to remember that there's nothing that says you have to speak
in any given moment.
Sometimes I'll mull over five to ten different things I could say in a given situation and
then wait till I come up with a really good one and then say that because a lot of times
if you talk and don't really think about it before you talk, you'll just, well, you'll
be recording the show, but sometimes people will let you host a podcast, but it's not
the best way to entertain.
Try asking more questions.
As far as being rude goes, Justin pretty much hit it on the head there is the rudeness comes
from taking up all of the space in the conversation or in the room.
If you're a real fatty, that's what it is too.
I still don't understand how using metaphors in a conversation is rude.
Maybe they're like overly long metaphors.
Like today is like a day that it's a simile.
It's like a sun.
See, okay, so metaphor is the one with ass, right?
That would be like saying today is a sun.
Today is a sun.
Maybe, maybe his metaphor is you're a pussy.
Maybe he's confusing metaphor with your mama jokes.
Yeah.
Are you not dropping enough of those?
Because those are pretty important for social skills.
In the end, you just need to focus and think about what you're saying before you say it
because if it's not something that you would like to hear, then chances are other people
wouldn't like to hear it either.
Also, listen to a lot.
I'm going to write that down.
Listen to a lot of stand up comedy and steal it.
Just cold house it and no one will be the wiser.
Yahoo answers user Moli.
Moli asks, oh, and this question was sent in by TJ Madd.
Thank you, TJ Madd.
Moli asks, how do you treat someone with an obsession with sticky buns?
I'm sick of the questions and the buns are mounting.
So is the mold.
He won't talk about anything else.
You will see him on Yahoo.
He's the one with an obsession with sticky buns.
That was a fully formed sentence.
That was my favorite episode of Hoarders.
Did you guys see that one?
I think it was subtitled A Sticky Situation.
I really I guess the only thing you can do is get them hooked on an even more delicious
food, although you'd be hard pressed.
It's super doughnut.
Jesus.
I'm obsessed with super doughnuts, but the fact that I'm not in elementary school keeps
me from eating them for every meal.
What's up with super doughnuts?
Does anybody have any of those right now in this podcast?
If you work at a school, a public institution, we will trade you wampum style super doughnuts
for t-shirts.
It's a new initiative, the super doughnuts for t-shirts initiative.
They're full of nutrients.
They're full of a lot of super doughnuts.
They are so full of nutrients and full of flavor and they're always soggy.
Always.
Except that last bit because they're microwaved and that last bit is always the last bit is
hard like a like some sort of doughnut scab.
That's where the nutrients are.
You got to suck the nutrients out.
But you wait, wait, wait.
Don't tell me you've been eating that.
That's the rind.
I didn't know.
That's that's nature's handle.
You're not supposed to eat that part of the super doughnut.
That's disgusting.
When I moved into my new house, the gas station right by sold super doughnuts and they were
right between like the bongs and the lottery tickets.
There was just a big box of super doughnuts.
That sounds like the coolest apartment of that gas station.
It is.
So do you think there are people who went to school in places where there weren't super
doughnuts that have literally no idea what we're talking about?
We sound like mad people, like just crazy people.
Like people that don't know what breakfast pizza is?
Just Google it and you'll find out.
But basically, they're delicious doughnuts with nutrients and a rind.
I'm a guy and I'm thinking of shaving my legs.
If so, how far up the leg should I shave?
What are your thoughts on men shaving legs from form spring?
Bitch, what do you think our thoughts are?
I'll tell you how far up you should shave.
Not not up, but to the ankle, to the ankle.
Shave your just the top of your foot and your knuckles.
Shave your foot, Bilbo.
The answer is either not at all or all the way.
Yeah.
I don't want any of this half-ass shit.
I want you to shave it.
Inner thigh, outer calf.
And just a lightning bolt that goes.
Leg like a hairy checkerboard.
That's what I want.
Carve your basketball jersey number into your inner thigh hair.
Better yet, carve mine and we'll be going steady.
You shouldn't shave your leg.
Don't shave your legs.
Unless you're a swimmer.
If you're a swimmer.
If you're a professional swimmer or runner.
I bet that Michael Phelps shaves his legs and he could beat the shit out of me.
He's just all arms and sinew, isn't he?
Yes, he's like some kind of pterodactyl.
Like a pterodactyl.
He's like an antelope.
He's like half antelope.
Half antelope, half pterodactyl.
Can you think of any other reason for shaving your legs other than I'm a professional athlete?
Yeah, if you're a drag queen.
If you're a what?
A drag queen.
If you're a drag queen.
And what I've learned from RuPaul's Drag U is that almost all drag queens are helpful and wise.
They're the wizards of the modern generation.
They are the wizards.
If you're starting a quest, don't even trip.
Don't even hang out with that wizard.
Just skip to a drag queen.
They know everything.
They've seen the Quinn from both sides and they like it.
They like what they saw.
I met the most beautiful girl.
This is from Andrew, Gmail.
I met the most beautiful girl I've ever seen last night.
And she's single, so I want to take a shot at her.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Easy there, DC Sniper.
Yeah.
Let's chill out.
The problem is I'm doing a semester-long program in DC.
Oh, shit.
Oh, God.
Oh, damn it.
No.
I'm leaving today.
Should I add her on Facebook and keep in touch while I'm in DC?
Whew.
Or just see what happens when I get back in December so I don't seem creepy by adding
her after hanging out with her only once.
Andrew from Gmail.
Don't add her on Facebook.
Oh, add her.
Add her.
No one.
You cares.
I had people that I talked to once in high school that I do not remember, but apparently
remember me.
Facebook adding doesn't matter.
Well, he can add her, but what's he going to keep in touch with to kind of keep that
first-time meeting energy alive?
You know what I mean?
Hey, remember that time at Sparrow?
We had that three-minute-long conversation, there were sparks.
You remember the sparks?
The Sparrow sparks?
It was delicious.
If you've already made that initial connection, if you've already talked to her and hung out
a little bit, Facebook is a pretty good way to sort of stay in touch, to stay in the loop.
You can follow what she's doing.
But also, it can be a great tool for managing her love life until you return to be her special
guy.
So, if she says on her status, met an interesting guy tonight, might go somewhere, and you comment
on that status.
Well, let's not be too hasty.
Let's really think about this.
How well do you know him?
Have you seen the latest AIDS stats?
Everyone's got it.
They're pretty AIDS-y, so maybe you should just think about that.
Oh, is it Rick?
Who hasn't Rick been with?
Yeah, just add her on Facebook, because A, it doesn't matter, and B, if she is interested,
then that's kind of a way of, you know, you showing that you're interested.
Kind of a sad way, but...
Yeah, kind of a way to make her want to...
Makes me wish that you thought I was cute so you'd shoot me.
FormSpring asks, Hi Mubim Bam.
I just dyed my hair fuchsia, and I am now thinking of the next color that I am going
to do.
I am a girl, so the pinks and purples are okay.
What do you think would be a good color?
Thank you in advance, Tony.
I think it's thank you in advance, comma, Tony.
Oh.
Tony, you are always such a pretty girl.
Tony, I remember brushing out your long brown hair and saying to everybody, she looks just
like a princess.
She looks like a young Linda Carter, is what I used to tell people.
I wish you would just dye it brown.
Just dye it brown so you could be that girl we all remember and come home.
We miss you, Tony.
Tony, come home.
We miss you.
The big city does swallow you up.
The city swallows you up, Tony.
Come back.
I'm so down with fuchsia-colored hair.
I'm down with it, Tony.
I think it's great.
I think next color, how about lime green?
Whoa.
Actually, I like that.
You went out there.
Why don't you dye it lime green?
When people comment on it, say, you know, got to get that money.
People will be like, what?
It's a reminder to get that money.
Tony, are you all about getting that money?
Because if so, I would say green.
I would say Tony with an I, all about that money.
She's got to get that cheddar, right?
Is she one of the Tonys like Tony, Tony, Tony?
Because then it's all about the money.
Whoa.
Did you ask Tony and Tony what colors they're going with?
There's nothing worse than showing up to record Poison 2 and people will be like, and Tony.
That was Belle, Biv, DeVoe.
Oh, snap.
Can you edit this out?
I'm actually going to forward it to Belle and Biv.
But not DeVoe.
Fuck him.
DeVoe died.
Let's move on to my next question.
Oh, no.
This comes from, this next question says, no one remembers that I recorded Poison.
What should I do?
DeVoe.
So sad.
It's so sad.
God.
I feel like the momentum is completely off now.
You know what will pick it back up?
What?
Yeah, this question was sent in by Christopher, Yahoo Answers user DK.
I always screw that up.
What did Tony, Tony, Tony do?
Tony, Tony, Tony.
I honest to God, I couldn't tell you.
Griffin, you read the question.
I'll do a little googling.
If I had no loot.
Here we go.
DK asks, how should I wear a flannel shirt without looking bad?
Now, listen, there's a matrix of options here.
We need to come up with an algorithm using these metrics that DK has provided.
Okay.
Options.
White v-neck, black wife beater, white wife beater, black crew neck, gray crew neck, no undershirt.
How many buttons undone?
Zero, one, two, three, etc.
Bonus.
What type of jeans?
Add or deduct things.
I am a guy.
I am skinny.
I have short hair.
First off, I want to say how much I appreciate him going through the different numbers of buttons.
Because sometimes I get hitched between two and four and I have to remember, ah shit, three.
That's the one.
It is a red, black plaid flannel shirt.
He has one shirt that he is dying to wear, but he's just eyeballing it from across the room trying to figure it out.
He gots to wear it the right way.
I want to wear this shirt.
I have one flannel shirt that grants me wishes and I have to wear it.
DK, hold on to your asshole.
White V-neck, all buttons undone, wrapped around your waist, torn, faded, light blue jeans.
I love it.
That's the Joey Lawrence is what I call that look.
Whoa, you just blew my fashion mind.
Turn it into a flannel kilt.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah, but not a utility kilt because I'll leap through the internet.
I'll fucking strangle you.
Justin, I believe you were looking for House Party 2 from the House Party 2 soundtrack.
I think that was their big hit.
The House Party 2 soundtrack had a song on it by Tony Tony Tony called House Party 2.
Wait, wait, wait.
I can't tear down anybody's knowledge of Tony Tony Tony, but you think that House Party 2 was maybe their big song?
It reached number 19 on the US R&B charts.
You guys remember when Will Smith did that track on the Independence Day soundtrack called Independence Day?
That reached number 19 on the hip hop and soul charts if I remember correctly.
Welcome to Earth, welcome to Earth, welcome, welcome.
Welcome to Earth, welcome to Earth, welcome, welcome.
Can we get back to the narrative subject at hand?
Can you just read the last couple sentences again, just the part with just the whole thing?
Add or deduct things.
I am a guy. I am skinny. I have short hair.
It sounds so defensive.
It sounds like a math problem.
If one douchebag is traveling at 50 miles an hour to Hollister to get a goofy looking red and black flannel shirt,
how many buttons should he button up?
Add or deduct the fact that he is skinny and has short hair.
Why do you feel the need to wear this shirt?
It sounds like he's causing you a lot of consternation.
Maybe just throw it.
I think the better question is how many failed attempts has he had at wearing this shirt?
He just comes home dejected and strips it off and goes, today wasn't my day.
I can't do it internet.
Clothes but no cigar.
Do you think he's sitting in his room with like three blackboards surrounding him?
He's just like madly doing arithmetic.
You have to come out and eat.
Shut up mom, I'm figuring out the shirt continuum.
No undershirt, one button undone.
Blue jeans.
Honey, we're supposed to be married today.
Why are you saying these things?
Just say I do.
No, no jeans. Short hair.
I'm a guy. I am skinny.
So you want to name your child.
The name you want me to put on the birth certificate is one button.
Black crew neck.
I'm skinny. I am a guy.
Fanny pack?
For one week, all that's written on the board is just dry letters.
Fanny pack with a big question mark at the end.
It's been 30 years and I've never even considered fanny packs.
Fanny pack!
As he slowly chews on the end of his glasses and then just erases the board and cries.
He finally solves it and in celebration he tips over his blackboard and tears the shirt in half.
I'm B.E. you flannel bitch!
Rod Serling is like, what's up Twilight Zone?
Deal with it. We're out of ideas.
And I'm dead.
Forum Spring asks, Dear Mabim Bam, what's the best way to meet nerdy single women?
Science nerds, video game nerds, animation nerds, movie nerds, whatever.
BTW, I mean non lesbians.
Overstocked on them, thank you.
Regards, single player.
Ooh, I like that.
Can everyone start whenever they ask questions?
Can they give either like little nicknames like that that are appropriate to the question that they're asking?
Or like, Forlorn and Frankfurt or something like that?
Yeah, I like that.
Griffin, you should know this.
Oh, should I?
I do really well at this actually.
Do you?
No.
They, for the most part, don't exist.
They are cryptozoological in nature.
They're often seen riding unicorns and such.
Yeah, I mean, the best thing you can do is just bounce from GameStop to GameStop just looking for a cute cashier.
With a net.
With a net, yeah.
You have to put her in a net, whatever.
No, don't put anyone in a net.
I really don't know what to tell you.
Facebook's pretty cool.
The internet's alright.
You can meet lots of people in that.
Why don't you go to PAX?
Yeah, go to PAX.
Go to some sort of convention.
But, I don't know.
They're not looking to meet dudes.
You put an attractive girl at a video game or nerdy convention, it's just like chum for nerd sharks.
I just, also, I don't think you should be, I don't think anyone should use that as a metric for people that you're looking for.
I don't think anyone should ever be like, oh, I need to find a partner.
How about someone who's nerdy?
I don't think anyone, like that shouldn't be, there's so many other qualities that are more important than that when looking for another person.
That's a great point, because if I had asked this question ten years ago, I mean, this is probably the sort of thing that I would be looking for, right?
Somebody who has similar interest to me, but now that I'm older, I mean, my wife and I don't, we don't have any interests that are similar.
We like really disparate things, but we get along probably a little bit better because of that, because we have different spheres of interest.
And the important thing is her nerdiness about certain things is something you find out.
It's not like you're going to look at her across the room and be like, oh my god, there's a huge video game nerd.
You get to know someone and find out what their interests are.
Anybody who makes it that obvious, it's probably an affectation, which is not something you want to be attracted to.
And they're probably dressed like a Final Fantasy character, and you don't want to talk to them anyway.
This is a question that Griffin's going to be able to knock out of the park, so I'm just going to ask it.
I'm a member of my high school cross-country team, which means I have an hour of jogging a day or more.
Oh, you show off. The problem is, as I get it, OK, we all get it.
The problem is, as a sensible alternative rock and indie music fan, TMBG and Sufjan Stevens-
Wrong!
Quite.
It's Sufjan.
Sufi? Sufjan? Sufjan. OK, let me try again.
TMBG and Sufjan Stevens are not kind of fist pumping.
Hi, I'm 29 years old, OK?
You're lucky I can turn my computer on, you slut, so shut up.
Do you guys have any suggestions for music that would get me pumped up for jogging long distances?
Russ, Gmail.
Here, how about this?
Yeah, turn us up.
Running and running and running.
One foot, next foot, next foot, next foot.
The answer, of course, is Neil Diamond.
Cranked up as loud as I can go.
Yeah, maybe.
I actually listen to a lot of podcasts whenever I'm doing my walk around the neighborhood.
Not my jog. Maybe that's missing something.
Maybe you should stop.
Maybe you should quit the cross-country running team and join the cross-country walking team.
And then listen to podcasts.
Cross-block, cross-neighborhood walking team.
Other than that, man, just find something with fast beat.
Maybe a Daft Punk, maybe an LCD sound system.
Something to just, you know, get the blood pumping.
Get that Fix Up, Look Sharp.
Fix Up, Look Sharp? Yeah, anything off the DJ Hero soundtrack.
Yeah, get the DJ Hero soundtrack.
That's good.
And you know what?
Maybe you're not listening to the right They Might Be Giants songs,
because there are some of those that are upbeat and get you pumped.
Can I recommend the House Party 2 soundtrack?
What was that one song on there?
You were talking about House Party 2.
I have a real problem with listening to music whenever I'm running,
because I don't have one of those sleek little iPod baby iPods
that you slide into your arm, into your cyborg arm, that just kind of stays there.
Did you say cyborg?
No, cyborg.
I have like a big Zune.
I have like a big 30-Googlebyte Zune that any time I run it just jangles around in my pocket.
Right.
It makes me look silly.
Are you running a lot more than I knew about?
Is this a big problem for you?
There's a lot of people chasing Griffin in his new neighborhood.
I've been doing a bit of exercise, yes.
Is that okay?
I mean, I don't want anybody growing.
No, you should grow.
I want you to grow as a person.
I feel I am.
But it's important that you don't surpass us.
You can catch up to me, and then you've got to stop.
Yeah, just get a good design.
That shouldn't be too hard.
I am 27, and my husband is 28.
We are coming up on 30,
and I'm wondering if there is something that we should do before we hit 30.
We don't have kids, so we don't have to worry about that,
and we don't want kids, so please don't say have children.
We live in upstate New York and have a bit of money saved up.
Any suggestions?
Tony.
Also with an I.
Wait a minute.
Tony's getting a two for this week.
Congratulations, Tony.
You're lucky Travis is negligent.
No, it's a completely different Tony.
Oh, okay, sure.
This is Tony Collette.
I think you should act.
Just act as much as you can as Collette.
You're a real talent.
You're a treasure.
Hollywood treasure, Tony Collette.
Upstate New York.
Okay, I have a few suggestions.
You could, they're skydiving.
If you say we're on a cross-country amusement park trip.
Rocky Mountain Climb?
You got to stop.
How about buy an apple orchard?
Whoa.
I like that.
You got to buy something, right?
When you turn 30, you have to buy something as a gift to yourself for not dying for 30 years.
I really think an apple orchard in upstate New York would be a real treat.
Get some farm hands.
When you see people doing weird things in their 60s, they had to have a moment earlier where like they decided to do that.
And this has to be your moment.
We're like, how did you guys get an apple orchard?
It's like, well, we just.
At turn 30, we didn't want to have kids.
These apples are our kids.
Please stop eating my baby.
David.
David.
He wasn't even ripe yet, you bastard.
Your baby's really mealy.
Do you want another slice of bread pie?
We made it this morning.
It's full of bread, our baby.
So what we're saying to you is you should have an apple orchard and you should make the apples your babies.
And Sharpie on faces on every single one.
I mean, Sharpie faces.
It doesn't have to be an apple orchard, but it has to be something big and irresponsible.
It has to be some kind of orchard.
Yeah, but make sure it has to be something you have no idea how to take care of.
It has to be like in three months.
A llama farm.
Oh shit.
All our alpacas are dead.
These alpacas are dead as fuck.
We did not think about this before we did it.
I like that.
Do that one.
My best friend lives about 1.5 hours away.
That's 90 minutes.
And every time she comes into town, she demands that we hang out all the time.
Now, I would love to, but I have a life aside from her, a job, and sometimes I'm just tired at the end of the day.
And not in the social mind to hang out.
I tell her and she keeps demanding.
What should I say to her?
Or am I just not appreciating our friendship as much as her?
Hey, do you guys remember that question?
I think it was like last week or the week before that where someone talked about how they went in town to hang out with their best friend, but they didn't want to hang out with them.
Uh-huh.
Uh-oh.
We've actually received this question a couple times, and thank you for listening when I said to send it again because I forget all the past questions.
I don't know if they're related, but if so, apologies.
I think you just got to bite the bullet.
If I have a friend in town, I'll hang out with them even if I'm not even particularly close friends with them or don't want to hang out.
My friend is an hour and a half away.
It's not like she moved to Nebraska or something.
She probably sees her once a week.
You know what I mean?
It's not that epic a deal that she's in town.
I love how you think Nebraska isn't close to anything.
Nebraska is universally far away from every point on the globe.
To be fair, I meant to say Alaska, and it came out as Nebraska.
Regardless.
Earlier, I meant to say Bilbo Devoe, and it came out as Tony Tony Tony.
That's my fault.
I meant to say house party, too, and it came out as poison.
Yeah, just drop her if you don't want to hang out.
Yeah, sorry.
If you don't want to hang out with her, then that means that you don't want to hang out with her.
And this and there is a quick solution to that problem.
That means like it's it's not being a friend anymore.
You could come up with like creative like, you know, I can't.
I have the flu or crabs or something.
But you could keep coming up with those lies, but eventually you're going to get sick of that, too.
And just straight up be like, listen, I don't want to hang out every time you come in town.
I have other things to do.
If that bothers you, I am sorry.
Because really, what are you out?
Like if she gets really mad and doesn't talk to you for like two months, then what are you missing there?
I mean, she could go like she could go swim fan on her ass.
Oh, shit.
She could start she could start leaving like dead small animals in her front seat of her car.
Like it's a it's a thorny situation, which is.
Which is why I almost always tell people to pack up and just get the thing is, you can't leave a 40 and that's because swim fans will check the track you down.
Why not split the difference and tell her you're moving away?
Tell her you're moving to Nebraska and you will come visit her.
When you can.
Yeah, that's the only thing you can do is retaliate.
Don't even move away.
Just go and visit her like every other day and just be a big useless lump whenever you're hanging out.
Just don't talk to her.
Just just say I like your presence or go up there and have her decline you and just be lonely all day and see how she's living.
Yeah, because that then the shoe will be on the other proverbial foot.
Deal with that.
I have a Yahoo answers question.
OK, it's from Dave one, but it was sent in by T.J.
Mad is my second T.J.
Mad question of the show.
He's a real hero.
Thank you, T.J.
Man.
Dave one asks and to really appreciate the comedy of this question, you have to understand that it's in all caps.
OK, he asks, why do we scream or shout loudly when frightened or excited?
For example, when on a fast ride or something makes you jump.
What's the purpose of making a loud noise?
I mean, it's it's it's really dumb and poorly worded, but he's got a point.
What are we doing?
We're wasting our throat meat all these years on screaming for no reason.
Next time you go to King's Island and you're on the vortex, just losing your mind.
Just oh, oh, give it one of those.
It's so fast.
I used to I got I got into a kick.
And I think probably everybody gets to this phase when I would go on roller coasters.
And, you know, they take your picture.
I with everybody screaming, I thought, you know what I'll do?
I'll just look super cool.
And then and then everybody screaming, I'll be like, what's up?
But I found that like maybe it's because of the gravity or or because of like the internal terror.
But like it always looked like seven people having the time of their life.
One guy trying not to poop.
The picture always looked like it sounds like I'm just going to do the screaming thing because maybe that's why.
Because it's either scream or look in the picture like you're trying not to poop.
I always give the I always give two middle fingers up, point them up.
Give two middle fingers because it lets people know how edgy I am.
And that that fucking King's Island attendant who's all whose job is to sit and look at pictures of people having fun all day.
Like worst job ever.
He sees someone giving the double deuce and he's like he watch him.
I keep an eye on him and that picture loads up and gives a little unknowing smile.
What I do is I flash my boobies and it's because I'm whimsical because I'm fun.
And I'm also a little bit sexy.
You know what I mean?
She's a little crazy, a little wild.
I want to hear Griffin's last question.
But before I do, we have a couple of quick housekeeping things, just reminders, basically.
First off, as always, thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
You're telling people about the show.
You're tweeting about the show.
We love to see to see that.
Gotta give a shout out to my man, Nick Suttner.
He's he's in Suttner on Twitter if you want to follow him.
But he he promotes the show every single week, tells people, hey, there's a new one of these out.
You should go listen to it.
Ditto for Xander Davis Live.
He's another one that was talking about the program.
So Charlene five one nine on Twitter is passing it out to her friends.
Someone passed it to her and now she's telling other people about it.
Thank you for that.
It forward pay.
Always said that it.
I would also like to thank Kate Nash on our Facebook appreciation group.
She posted a picture of her holding the postcard that she's sending to Tristan.
Thank you so much for that, Kate.
That's so sweet.
Everyone. Oh, the address for Tristan's on the Facebook group.
So if you want to send him he's our favorite Marine.
We've seen gotten a couple.
I got a mail from last last week.
He seems to be doing pretty good.
And thanks, everybody.
Oh, thanks to bought T-shirts, too.
Oh, yeah.
Those should be going out from what we've heard.
All the pre-order shirts are out and about in the world.
Do you want to hear a confession?
Yeah, I just ordered my shirt today.
You piece of shit.
What?
I assume they would send me one.
My name is on it.
I bought mine.
I bought both of mine.
So if you if you want to be like Travis and buy a shirt, you can go to MBNBAM.com.
Click buy stuff.
There's a link to two shirts.
If you pre-order shirt is in the mail and other orders are being processed as they come.
I'm seeing a lot of people putting up pics of them wearing the shirt on Twitter.
I think we're going to collect all those, put them somewhere either on the side or maybe on the on the on the T-shirt site.
So keep what's the best way just to email us links or what you should do is.
Just put them on Facebook and then link them in the Facebook group, which which we have.
And I don't think we've talked about in a while, but we have a Facebook group.
It's my brother, my brother and me appreciation group.
You got to search for the whole thing.
So put your pictures on there and then we'll grab them from there.
And also, you know, it helps spread the word.
People like, hey, what's that really fresh, comfortable looking shirt all about?
If you don't use FB, you can tweet it.
Just always use the NBA hashtag on Friendster.
And no, don't do that.
Just get on the space.
Oh, God.
Or email it if you don't use any of that.
Or fax it.
We don't fax.
And that's all the housekeeping stuff.
Review this on iTunes.
Subscribe.
And if you want to send in a question, all the methods are on our website, MBMBAM.com.
Which is about to get a facelift, I think.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, it's beautiful too.
In the works.
Lots of big things.
Lots of big things.
Stay on board.
And it's all, make no mistake, it's all because of you.
Because of me?
No, not you.
If anything, you're hindering the process, Mr. No T-shirt Buying.
I bought one today.
Yeah, you're a big one.
Here we go.
Last question from my brother, Griffin.
My real brother, Griffin.
I make the distinction because he bought a T-shirt.
I bought one today.
Oh, and I'm going to be at PAX this week.
I mentioned it earlier.
I'm going to be at PAX this week, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
If you are there and you have a My Brother, My Brother, Me T-shirt, wear it.
If you see somebody wearing a My Brother, My Brother, Me T-shirt, hug them because they've earned it.
Unlike some people on this show.
Namely, Travis.
I found this question on Yahoo Answers Malaysia.
What's up?
National.
Shabana on Yahoo Answers Malaysia asks, also in all caps, by the way,
how can you make your own dildo at home?
How am I supposed to break this?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad and square on the lips.
You will never know me.
Give me something I can break.
