The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, welcome to my brother and my brother mean advice show for the modern era. My name
is Justin McElroy. I'm your oldest brother. My name is Travis McElroy. I'm your middle
brother. I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. Check that calendar. What day is it?
It just, I just see a bunch of ones. It's just all ones.
Nav one. Nav one, and you know what that means. Punch it. That Christmas creep is on.
Punch it to 88 miles an hour. Happy anniversary. Back to the future.
Today was the day. Today was it.
They took down his Halloween decorations and back to the future and put up his
Christmas decorations. We on that creep now, guys. I'm excited.
That creep popped off. Nav one. That means the creep is on.
Halloween's over. Halloween's done with. That means there's no more holidays until
the holidays. Isn't it weird how you can leave your
Christmas decorations up for a little while, but if you have your Halloween decorations up
one day after Halloween, you're a sicko. You just look like a sicko pervert.
I like your pumpkin there, pervert. You weirdo. What did you want to hold onto
that death, huh? A death and despair. Oh, you carved out Master Chief's face
and a pumpkin. That's really great, pervert. That's really good for you, pervert.
You should be very proud of yourself. Yeah, spooky skeleton in that tree, I see.
Maybe, you know, like I've got kids, so... I gotta tell you, maybe it's a Christmas
creep side effect, but by the time Christmas is done, I'm like,
woof. Okay, good. Thank you. Goodbye, Christmas. I enjoy you very much.
So happy to have you gone. I feel like I didn't even get enough Halloween
this year, and I was really trying to get deep into it.
I really like a Halloween extension. The problem is, Justin, because I thought
about this. Everybody accepts that Christmas, you can start celebrating on November 1st,
right? You can start decorating, and the music plays, and everyone's like, yeah.
But if you start doing Halloween stuff, if you dress up on October 21st,
people are like, what the fuck? No, Danny, it's more than a week away. Be cool.
Cool. My local Rite Aid started, like, I went there this morning, right?
And the creep had, like, just disassembled. Like, there's people just throwing piles of
Dracula's out the window. Like, please, make room for Santa's, please.
I went to a Marshall's the other day. Yesterday. The Halloween day. All Hallows Eve.
I fucking walked up in that spot, and they had Halloween stuff next to Christmas stuff.
It was like the creep was starting to encroach. Like, oh, come on. Get out of here,
Dracula's. You're done. You're done. You're done. All Dracula's must go.
It was weird seeing them in the same place. Like, oh, Santa versus Dracula. That would be
fucking sick. I went to the Halloween store, and I heard somebody asking if everything went on sale
the day after Halloween. And it occurred to me, like, they're probably just going to box that up
and sell it again next year, right? There's not big shifts. No, we got to get the new models.
We're going to get the 2016 Dracula's in here. Much more streamlined with cup holders.
These days have three sharp fangs. Everybody knows that. That's what the kids are into.
You know that new Dracula you've been looking for?
Do you guys remember on the last episode, I talked about batting zero out of a thousand
for putting on Halloween costumes that anybody recognizes?
That after last night, my perfect record of badness has not changed.
Yeah. No recognition.
I got a kick out of your costume, which was a...
It was a birdhouse in your soul. I bought a birdhouse at Target,
because I didn't buy a costume until yesterday at, like, 4 p.m.
And we were going to a thing at 545, and so I went to the Target. It's really on me. Like,
I have no one to blame but myself, and I saw a birdhouse. I was like, that'll do.
That didn't do. It didn't. That didn't do for anybody.
It didn't. That dog did not hunt.
No. That dog sat on the floor.
You did fashion a harness for it, which I thought was quite impressive.
Staple gun and elastic. So you were in that thing, huh?
I was in it to win it. Made it really hard to piss. Had a big birdhouse right there.
My sight lines.
Well, the spooky times are over, and we all met Christmas creeps now.
And thank God. It was getting a little too spooky for me. I don't know how it treated you guys,
but, like, one of my neighbors went all out. It had mummies in their yard. Mummies?
You don't think that's taken a little too far?
Did that scare you, Griffin?
Mummies are real, though, is the thing. Like, people actually did that to people.
You know what I mean?
Yeah. Mummies are real.
Skeletons, I guess, are kind of real because they're inside you, but they can't do anything.
Mummies were real. Mummies were and are and will be real.
Mummies alive, right now.
Guys, listen. Mummies alive. That show's title was a fucking warning.
Mummies alive.
Hey, guys.
Hey, listen. Speaking of being on that creep,
tickets are now on sale for our Candle Nights Holiday Family Fun Spectacular.
It's a pan-religious, pan-sexual, personal pan holiday just for you.
And tickets are on sale now if you go to bit.ly forward slash Candle Nights 2.
And we've sold a good number of tickets already. Like, a solid number.
But there's an even better number of tickets still available.
Yeah.
So go get those and then come to Huntington with us.
Are we doing costumes for that? Because we had costumes last year and it was pretty fun,
but I don't know what other, other than the ghosts of Christmas past, present, and future,
like what other trio of, I guess, wise men?
We could do the wise men. That seems pretty on the nose.
It seems, yeah.
And I like it. Don't get me wrong. On the nose. And I like it.
See, Griffin, that's your problem with costumes. It's okay if it's recognizable.
I went to a party last night.
You can do a thing that people go like, oh, I get it.
I went to a party last night where I didn't know literally anybody,
and I was near a table getting a drink and there were a bunch of people sitting at the table
whispering and finally one woman like stood up and was like, sorry, what is your costume?
I was like, oh, it's a birdhouse from your soul.
And she was like, I don't- I was like, oh, it's like the They Might Be Giants song.
And somebody at the table yelled, what is it? What's his costume?
And she yelled back, she yelled back, something esoteric.
And I was like, yeah, I guess that's-
And did you then just turn and walk right out the door?
Because that's what I would have done.
Yeah, I would have left.
So come to our holiday show. It's going to be really good.
And I'm going to try to make it more Jewish this year.
Last year was very Christmas-y and I'm going to try to make it more-
Well, we're going to do a rotation.
Okay.
That's the good thing about candle lights. It can- it can- it's amorphous.
I actually wanted to-
It can actually be a little spooky. We could have some Jewish mummies up there.
I don't even joke about that.
Yes. I actually have struggled with this and maybe listeners can like give us some guidance here.
I know like what stuff- like I know that pretty much anything Christmas-y is like
fair- fair use, right? In terms of like being fun.
Hahaha. But like I don't know with like Jewish stuff.
I don't know what is like a fit- like it seems like a lot of that stuff is holy.
And I didn't- like I made a video, a dumb video, promoting candle lights.
And I needed to put- I wanted to put something like- I had some Christmas-y,
Santa-type stuff and I wanted to put something Jewish in it.
And I was going to have like a cool menorah on a table.
But like I don't know if that's holy or not. Is that holy?
That's cool.
Is that not allowed? I ended up going with a dreidel because that seems pretty benign.
That's about as innocuous as it gets.
Yeah, a menorah is totally cool, dude. That is the Hanukkah equivalent of a Christmas tree.
But I have to know the limits of the symbology, Griffin.
If I stay on that stage and use a menorah to light an American flag on fire-
Well that's taking it a touch too far, my boy.
Yeah, I don't know where the line is, Griffin.
That's what I'm saying. I don't know where the line is.
Hold on. You say you would light an American flag on fire with a menorah
and you don't know that that's over the line?
No, I would assume the line is there.
Like, I definitely see that as an outside boundary of the line.
When you take three to four steps back from that, I have no idea where I'm at.
If I rigged a menorah to shoot Nickelodeon Gak out at the audience-
That would be fucking sick. Everyone would love that.
I don't think so. I think it would be offensive to people. I really do.
Well, offensive to people in the splash zone, sure.
Sure. Well, they saw the signs outside.
It's not- You may get wet. You will get wet
with holy menorah emissions. You may get gacked.
Yeah, you may get gacked. I don't know.
It was- All right, let's do the show.
Yeah, we'll talk about this afterwards.
It's a fair point. I was-
It's a fair- Yes.
We're young Southern Baptist boys that just don't want to step on anybody's toes,
but we want to be as inclusive of our Jewish friends as possible because it is a-
Then we have to have a Gak Christmas tree and a Gak Kwanzaa.
And we need some non-religious, just general, like, solstice stuff up there.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah, for sure.
And I don't actually- Maybe somebody could tell me, like,
can I even dip my toe into Kwanzaa? Can I even drive by Kwanzaa and take a look?
Of course. Of course.
You can window shop Kwanzaa. I'm not going to be part of the problem.
Dear Mabim Bam, I ordered pizza the other day with my friend. Since my friend was at the house,
I did the courtesy of paying for the pizza. When we finished the delicious za, there were leftovers.
My friend then proceeded to start packing up the leftovers in order to take them home,
even though I paid for the pizza.
Am I within my rights to keep the leftovers, or should I stop being so fussy?
The pizza cost $40. That's a good pizza.
What? Including delivery, which is fairly expensive.
For just you and one other person? How much za?
This is my foie gras pizza. Did you have a-
Did you each get your own fucking pizza?
Did you have a stack of eight leftover pizzas, like the family at home alone?
Like, is that why they thought they could have some?
Considering work part-time, am I within my rights to keep the leftovers,
or should I stop being so fussy? That's from Sherwood likes some pizza in Sherwood Park.
What's up, Griff?
It's just their friend has committed so many-
Pizza crimes.
Pizza crimes here. It's like, first of all, the person who pays for the pizza
should most of the time keep the pizza.
The only thing that can be like a variable in that situation is who is hosting the evening.
Because by taking a pizza that you broke bread with somebody in their house,
and then you take it out of their house, that's theft.
That's theft, according to the law.
It's theft.
It's just- Okay, here's the scenario that works out.
Like, you apparently ordered six pizzas.
There's five whole pizzas left over, and they say,
please take some.
That we don't have room to store all of this pizza.
No, we insist, take some with you.
But to just like finish the day, I'm like,
well, guess I'll be heading home.
As you like scoop it into your backpack.
Get the fuck out.
Because did you like ask for like Ziploc bags?
You- Yeah.
Oh, you're the worst.
You're the worst.
This is the worst.
Let me- Let me-
The payment issue like completely solidifies it.
You paid it, your house, your pizza, that's theft.
Pizza crime.
I'm calling the pizza police right now,
and they're gonna kick in this person's door.
Send me their information.
I'm not a cop.
I have to, I would have to tell you if I am,
but I know cops.
Pizza cops.
If you bring a six pack of beer to a person's house,
and you don't finish that six pack,
you still leave it at their house, right?
Because it's their- It's a party payment.
It's their house.
At that point, it's their house.
I want to drink those beers later,
and I'm going to drink some more beers when I go home,
and I don't have any at home.
But it is important in that scenario
that you leave some sort of toll or tax,
where you, like, if you have a six pack,
you drink two, there's four left.
You leave at least one.
Or just leave a small toy.
That also works.
You just have to swap it out,
or like a bag of sand the same weight
as the beer that you're taking.
Exactly.
I would challenge, Travis,
I would challenge your assertion that if someone
offers leftover pizza,
that you are then permitted to take it.
I would challenge it based on an irrefutable law
that I've been working on called
the elasticity of pizza deliciousness.
And here's how it works.
After you finish pizza,
and you've eaten a lot of pizza,
you look at the pizza,
and you think, ugh, never again.
I'm destroying my human body with pizza.
I'm never gonna eat pizza again.
Everybody, take some of this pizza with you,
because I don't want it.
I'm just gonna throw it in the garbage.
The next morning you wake up,
it's 11 o'clock, you're a little bit hungover.
You would move heaven or earth
to get one of those toasty slices
right into your belly.
They knew that.
I'm saying this law is so universal
that you should not legally be permitted
to take leftover pizza under any circumstances.
But what if there's not room to store it
in your refrigerator?
That's not the case.
Stop throwing bullshit variables into this.
This person has a big empty fridge.
It's empty.
It's pizza-less.
They've got a pizza shelf,
a pizza crisper drawer.
Also, listen, question asker.
Can I just say, if you're working part-time
and money is an issue,
you could get like two pizzas
for like $15 from Domino's.
Get cheaper za.
Why are you getting $40 pizza?
Pizza Hut's got a carryout order
for $10 any.
Go with that.
You can do 11 if you order due delivery.
You only get one go-around.
Eat the best pizza you can.
That's my whole thing.
That's sort of like what I'm all about.
I realize that's a privileged position to take,
but I think pizza's worth it.
I mean, that is the best pizza that I could get.
It is really good.
That's sad for me in a major way.
My name is Griffin,
and I'm here to say that you should
eat better pizza every day.
Do you guys want a yahoo?
Yes.
I'm not done with this by a country mile.
Well, it's cut and dry.
It's cut and dry.
This is fucking bullshit.
If you bring something to somebody's house
for all of you to consume,
it's theirs.
It's their house.
It's theirs.
It's their house.
It's theirs.
Stop fucking taking shit out of the house.
This is easy.
No, not unless.
No, this is un-unlessable.
There is unless.
You're a criminal.
You're a thief.
You're the fucking pizza burglar.
Rubble rubble, that's you.
What if there's a precedent established
and this question asker
did something similar at this person's house?
Two wrongs don't make a right.
But three lefts do.
Do you guys remember that Reliant K album?
What about, okay,
what if there were two pizzas,
two extravagantly expensive pizzas ordered,
but one was for each like,
okay, what if one was specifically crafted
by the person who stole the pizza?
Like they incepted it with like their favorite olives
and ham and turds or whatever,
and it's just for them, right?
They said like, just get me a tom.
It's not beyond who paid for the pizza.
Think about this for a second.
Paying for the pizza is simple.
Anybody could do that.
What this person did
is they looked at a huge list of ingredients
and they opened up their third eye
and they just like conceived of the perfect pizza for them.
Like it's their creation at that point.
Isn't there some ownership
that they've been vested at that point?
No.
Yeah, how about Yahoo?
Yeah, I'm just, it actually is a little disquieting
that you basically just endorsed breaking and entering.
That's what I'm upgrading it to, breaking and entering.
I'm pretty pizza picky though,
and I don't want people leaving pizza
that has pineapple around.
Like I don't want that.
You can pick it off
and then it's still got that good cheese on it.
I don't want to fucking hear it.
Now if they chipped in,
if the person put in 20, is it then okay?
Yeah, well still probably no, it's their house.
I think there has to be a discussion.
Like you're robbing someone
of their most valuable natural resource.
Not natural.
Then you need to have a conversation about it regardless.
I think you always have to have a discussion.
Gonna be an uncomfortable discussion.
We have to move on.
I'm getting mad.
Real super quick though.
You want to reheat pizza just in a perfect fashion?
Get a waffle iron.
Oh yeah.
Fold the pizza on half itself.
You will be astounded at how good that is.
And then bury it in the backyard for three weeks.
Then dig it up when the time is right.
Guess what?
Now you've got kimchi.
That's how kimchi is made.
Do you guys know, I hate to break the flow,
but I feel like we just haven't had a flow yet
in this episode.
So I want to get this in under the wire.
Do you guys know about the Switch Witch?
Okay, I saw this on Shark Tank.
It pisses me off something fierce.
Yeah, the Switch Witch.
Do you know about it, Trav?
No, I do not.
We went to the drive-in yesterday to see Hocus Pocus
and they did car-to-car trick-or-treat.
It was really cute.
Kids were coming car-to-car and trick-or-treating
and it was great.
I bought Mike and Ike's and Rachel hated that
because I like Mike and Ike's and she thinks
I'm the only person in the world that likes Mike and Ike's
and so I just got candy that she knew.
She knew that I got candy that only I liked
so that if we didn't give all our candy away,
I would have a bunch of Mike and Ike's and guess what?
That is exact how it is, how it panned out.
And the kids didn't seem so psyched
about the Mike and Ike's anyway.
Anyway, this mom came by and she had two kids,
the two little kids and I gave them a bunch of Mike and Ike's
and this boy actually stuck his hand into my giant bag
of Mike and Ike mini-sized packages,
pulled out like 20 bags.
I was like, hell yeah.
She was like, it's his first Halloween.
I was like, he's a natural.
He's very good at this.
And she was like, well,
it's all going to the Switch Witch anyway
so it doesn't really matter.
And I was like, well, I gotta Google that.
You've said a thing that isn't a thing
so let me just Google that real quick.
And then when I found out what it was,
I wanted to track her down and say,
I'm gonna need you to give me that candy back
because the Switch Witch is garbage.
All right, Trav, what is it?
It's like a shelf elf.
It's like a shelf elf, right?
A shelf.
Switch Witch, you leave your hard-earned Halloween candy.
You leave it for the Switch Witch, okay?
In the end of the night,
once the night's over and you wake up the next morning,
your candy is gone and replaced with a present.
But you get to decide how much candy you want to give up.
The more candy you give up, the better present you get.
There's an economy of scales to this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate it too.
The family that was selling one of my Shark Tank said,
we want to push this product
so there's a Switch Witch in every house in America.
And I just want to point out that, like,
you do understand that we're not idiots, right?
Like, the candy economy would definitely...
Like, if everybody knew that you were taking their candy
and throwing it in the trash
because that's what everybody did
and they fed it to some dumb witch,
there's no way anybody's gonna hand out candy anymore.
I am literally angry as a person who has bought
and handed out candy with this idea of like,
okay, and then we garbage it.
A lot of that isn't even touching a kid mouth.
I think about how much candy I handed out last night
that's not even touching,
not even crossing the sweet gums of a kid mouth.
What? Why?
No.
What are we all doing here?
This is as bad as burning an American flag with a menorah.
I will not stand for it.
This is worse.
It's at least beside it.
I did want to hit you guys.
As long as we're talking about candy,
like, we'll get back to the advice in a second.
I had a weird Halloween and I need to unpack it
is what I'm saying.
I need to unpack mine.
This is the first year that I took Charlie trick or treating
and I wasn't struck with this problem
until I started doing it
and I'm curious like how you guys would have approached it.
So I'm in the scenario where she definitely has a pumpkin
and I definitely am.
Well, first off, like I'm an adult man.
I'm obviously carrying a few extra pounds
and I'm carrying this baby around
who can't say trick or treat or at least she won't.
She can.
She just won't.
She won't.
She's being very obstinate.
Yeah, no kidding.
She won't say thank you or bye or anything really.
God.
And she clearly can't eat candy.
That is also true.
Okay, yeah.
But like I want to do,
but it's like a fun thing, right?
Just like you're walking around the neighborhood.
So like I had two options.
One is like I go up and I'm like,
hey, give me some candy.
Look at this.
Look at this baby.
Can I have some candy for my adult body?
Thank you.
And the other option-
It's not for me.
It's for the Switch Witch.
It's for the Switch Witch, did you see?
I'm hoping to get a new iPod.
The other option I had though
was to go to people's stores to be like,
no thanks, I don't need any candy.
It's just like, look.
Look at this baby.
You're just doing it for the XP.
Apparently I'm just grinding my memories here with this baby.
Mother fu-
Okay, listen.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck though.
Fuck though y'all for real though.
Travis, tell them what happened
because I'm too fucking angry.
Here's what happened.
My audacity for no goddamn reason
stopped recording halfway through the episode.
Pooped right in the bed.
Got poop all over the sheets.
The nice sheets.
People ask us what programs we use to record
and I always tell them audacity.
Don't fucking use audacity for anything.
No, it's free garbage.
Free, that's why it's free
because they left it on the floor.
Anybody want this free garbage?
It's like we're yelling into a toilet
and praying to God that the toilet records our voices.
The thing that hurts about it is that
I feel that we are the earthly stewards
of a divine talent.
Yeah.
And we have been bad stewards.
We recorded, we used some of that gift
to record half a fucking podcast.
We spilled our seed on the ground.
That's exactly it, Travis.
We spilled our comedy seed on the soil
down there with the snakes and rats.
And now we're unclean.
Ceremonially unclean.
I don't have to do a whole smudging thing.
So many good goofs that have just been consigned to oblivion.
They're just lost now.
They're just lost now.
I remember them.
I still get a good chuckle.
Uh, should we just do a fresh 30?
Yeah.
Somebody's mowing their lawn now.
Yesterday was better.
Yesterday was a funnier comedy day.
I have a cold now.
I didn't have a cold yesterday.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, let's just-
This is gonna be, this one's gonna,
the rest of the show's gonna be off the fucking rails.
Yeah.
And I hope you're all ready for it.
Let's spin it up.
I'm like, I'm barely hanging on.
I got my key in the ignition.
Let's twist it.
Uh, this Yahoo was sent in by Tim Atkin.
Thank you, Tim.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
They're anonymous.
Let's call them Pquad.
Pquad asks,
I will never learn a backflip.
Hello.
I'm trying to get over my fear of backflip.
I'm trying to get over my fear of doing a backflip, but I can't.
I saw over 100 videos on how to do a backflip.
I can do a front flip pretty good, but I can't backflip.
I got the part where you fall on your back
and put your legs over your head.
All of those, the wrong you-er.
I do that good.
I have done that a lot of times.
I just don't have guts to do a backflip.
I even have my mom as a spotter beside me, who I really trust,
and I still can't do it.
I jump, get ready, then I won't flip back.
Any help, please.
Thanks.
I just want to start off by saying what a world in which we live
that there's 100 videos available to our young people
on how to do a backflip.
Like what is not covered in the first one.
Right.
Yeah, right.
The fact that there were 99 and somebody's like,
nope, this is not instructive enough.
No, I need a different angle.
Oh, you're using the Bertolucci method.
I see, I see.
Fascinating.
A little rote, perhaps.
A little plebian.
I also really enjoy the fact that, okay,
so he's got the part where he falls backward
and he puts his legs up, right?
Yeah.
His mom's got him perfected on that step.
His mom's just like tighter, ankles in 15 degrees, perfect.
Now next, you gotta have guts.
So the only thing stopping him is not a physical problem.
No.
It's that there's a mental block in his brain
that will not let him do a sweet 360 backflip.
I think it's just your inner ear, right?
Yeah.
It's your cochlear defense mechanism
triggering and telling you, hey, don't do that.
Hey, stop it.
Stop doing that.
I see where this person is coming from because,
okay, so they can flip.
You gotta remember, Trev, that they are flipping
and landing on their back good.
Yeah.
They want to be on their feet after having done a 360 degree rotation, right?
So right now, they're getting to about 180.
Yeah.
There are still many degrees of just paralysis.
Yeah, sure.
Just complete and total like incident
that they have to like clear in one pass.
But Justin, mom's not gonna let that happen.
That's why he's got his mom there.
You can't practice the part where you land butter side down.
You're dead.
Like dead ski dead 100%.
Welcome to heaven.
How far did you get?
About 270.
That's the worst one you could do.
I gotta tell you, man, if you'd made at least 280,
I think you would have been all right.
I mean, 270 is the worst.
You went full 6 p.m. and you can't do that, dog.
Now, can I get back to midnight?
You landed right on your C6.
Damn, son.
That's a bad one to hit.
That's a rough one.
It's one of the best ones I made.
I made that one.
That's what I call that one.
The paralysis bone.
You gotta watch out for that one.
Tricky bone.
Tricky, tricky bone.
How to give humans a weak point, you see?
That was it.
That's the only one.
How does anyone learn about like who did the first backflip?
That's a good question, Travis.
Yeah, that is good.
The answer is Ben Vereen.
So it was probably like 1977 and Ben Vereen did it.
And people were like, what?
How much coke did I take?
Excuse me?
Sorry?
Even Ben Vereen didn't know what had just happened.
Like he was trying to do a front flip and like just did it backwards.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, he was drunk.
Classic drunk Ben Vereen did a backflip.
I shouldn't have done that, he said.
He tore a hole in the universe.
Have you guys ever done a backflip?
Yeah, I did one today, earlier today.
I woke up and did my pee, my morning pee.
I did a flip off the toilet.
No, I've never done a fucking backflip.
I'm just curious if you guys have ever done a backflip before.
I don't know if I've done any flip.
I think I've done a somersault.
That's the one where you just roll on the ground the whole time.
I don't even like doing somersaults because your butt hits the ground really hard.
And it's close to C6 territory.
It's not flipping and rolling, it's just not my speed.
You gotta wonk at it.
You gotta roll and then pop up.
Yeah.
But if I was that agile, I'd be doing backflips every day.
Well, yeah.
Maybe they need an impetus, right?
You have no biological need to do a backflip, right?
Maybe they need some sort of threat that they have to not get hit by
and that necessitates a backflip.
Oh, so like a blade coming at your knees?
Blade, the vampire blade?
Like, you know how your dad pushes you in the pool and then you learn to swim?
Yeah.
What is that for backflips?
But this is what I'm saying.
Like, I don't think there is a need for backflips.
I don't think that there is any problem that can only be solved by backflip.
Well, say that, but then you watch Ocean's Eleven.
Oh, right, that too.
Um, maybe this person's mom is giving them bad instructions
trying to keep them from doing more backflips.
Like, they're nagging them.
Right, it's the most dangerous, it's the most dangerous game is backflips.
And so the mom is like, yep, no, you did it.
You just did one.
That was a good one right there.
That was one right there.
You did, no, that was a backflip.
That was a backflip.
You just laid on your back and you put your legs up in the air and you kicked them.
That was good.
Have y'all ever seen somebody really beef a backflip?
It's terrifying.
It's the worst.
It's a very bad scene.
It makes people, like, no matter what age or...
Everybody comes together for the fear of that person's back.
When we were in middle element, was it elementary school or middle school?
It was at Miller Elementary, boy.
Go Owls?
Go Owls, the most terrifying.
Somebody there knew the Red Ranger from Mighty Morphin Power Rangers.
It was like an associate producer's daughter or something like that.
And so he came to the school to tell us all about how drugs were banned.
And then he attempted to do a backflip off of the stage and beefed it so hard.
He was so coke high, which is the ironic thing.
He was so coke high.
He actually did a 540.
He landed on a C5 and I was like, oh, close one, Austin.
It was Austin St. John.
Can you not spread, like, fucking vicious rumors about Austin St. John's drug use?
No, you're right.
He's clean.
It was just karate energy that gave him the extra flipping strength.
But I remember, like, I was, like, nine years old and I was like, oh, that's bad.
He might...
He'll never...
He's certainly not gonna flip again.
Certainly not gonna pilot Megazord again.
That's definitely true.
Do you guys think...
I have a question for you about your elementary school years.
Did the landscape change in terms of, like, what lies...
Okay.
When you're in elementary school and you're out on the playground, kids lie constantly, right?
I got a Canadian girlfriend.
I got an uncle who works at Nintendo.
I'm good at basketball.
I'm good at basketball.
My dad knows the Red Ranger.
I'm the king of Spain.
I've switched places with a pauper.
When that girl actually managed to materialize the Red Ranger, that must have changed the
whole game in terms of lying out there.
It was pretty sick.
But then that excitement was short-lived because I watched him absolutely chomp a flipper.
Just absolutely chomp a beef.
And then that little girl ran up to him.
You embarrassed me, Austin St. John!
You embarrassed me, Austin St. John.
No, no, Power Ranger.
I like that.
He set up a foundation to help fix Austin St. John and it's time to raise some money for it.
Please teach Austin St. John how to flip good.
He doesn't have the confidence.
Can you imagine if you beef a flipper in front of like 47-year-olds?
You'll never flip again.
That's the ultimate shame.
Ironically, you know who's really forgiving?
47-year-olds.
You know what?
I had three near-simultaneous thoughts of, man, I hope Austin St. John doesn't listen to this.
And then, oh man, there's no way Austin St. John remembers this.
And then, yeah, he bet he totally does remember this.
Austin, what would you like to talk about in today's session?
The backflip again.
Again, Austin?
Again, I thought we had such a breakthrough last time when you just laid on your back
and you kicked your feet up.
Yeah.
Thanks, Mom.
I got super duper close.
Stick to kipups, Austin.
Okay, here we go.
Let's raise some money for Austin St. John in the Money Zone.
Our first sponsor this week is Naturebox.com.
Well, I guess they just prefer Naturebox, but they don't normally put the...
Anyway, they have a ton of great snacks like peanut butter nom-noms and sriracha cashews.
I like the mini Belgian waffles.
Boy, those are nice.
Just like a little spot of natural peanut butter goes down real good.
Also, just smother them in chocolate.
Sure.
Nutella, pretty much any liquid.
I like their bacon uh-ohs.
That's not a real one.
Yeah, bacon, you haven't had the bacon uh-ohs?
At least brand new choices every single month.
Naturebox is full of flavor, but without any of the junk.
So here's the deal.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother and you can unbox a world of taste and possibility.
I really like their salt promises.
Have you guys had those?
Again, not real?
No, no, no, those are...
I was kidding about bacon uh-ohs, but salt promises.
That's like a...
They're like little salty promises.
Griffin, have you tried the Melting Susans?
I have not tried the Melting Susans.
You gotta do it quick or they're gone.
Yeah, I really like caramel and there's a question mark at the end of it.
I like the salted peppermint missed connections.
Yeah, those are very good.
Naturebox.com slash my brother.
Find out which of these are real and which are fake and get your first box of hand-picked
snacks sent direct to your doorstep.
I want to tell you guys about Zip Recruiter.
Zip Recruiter is a place where you can recruit millions of people to work at a single business,
I think.
No, wait, no.
That's a crazy business.
Have you ever wanted to have millions of employees in your small business?
Raise your own army.
Zip Recruiter is an army recruitment...
No, if you're short staffed, there's no time to deal with the dozens of different job sites
that are out there.
Monster, cooljobs.fart, was that what it was?
With Zip Recruiter, you can post to 100 plus job sites with a single click and be instantly
matched to candidates from over 6 million resumes.
You can hire all 6 million if you want.
I'm not going to tell you what to do.
Zip Recruiter has been used by over 400,000 businesses and you can try it right now for
free.
Go to ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
That's ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
Start surfing the human web.
I got a message for Tom and Jessica from Ashley Shannon and this is the entire message.
Hey guys, call me back.
All right, is that for us or?
No, it wasn't.
I also just want everyone to know that this was a best available time slot.
So God knows how long Ashley has been waiting for this call.
She could be like a cartoon skeleton with cobwebs by this point.
She probably is because I bet she got locked out of her refrigerator and she couldn't eat
any food and now she's a cobweb skeleton.
Tom's like, hey Jessica, do you remember an Ashley Shannon?
Do you remember Ashley Shannon?
She's all bones now.
We make the Pony Express look like Prodigy or CompuServe.
I have another message here and it's from Sarah and it's to Jesse.
And Sarah says to Jesse, hey Jesse, Jesse!
I wanted to wish you a happy birthday in Truman Bim Bam style since you were sweet enough to
do the same for me on my birthday.
I love you more than anything else in the world.
You better get ready.
I'll bring the love and you bring the powerade so we can replenish ourselves after we do
activities together.
You know, like they're playing some ultimate.
Oh, okay.
Ooh, I thought you meant boning.
Travis, Patrick McElroy.
Yes Griffin Andrew?
What?
We just said fuck like 18 times.
Well, that's because we lost a fucking recording.
That fucking sucks.
That was out of anger.
That's not profanity.
But we can't talk about fucking out of love.
No Travis.
Can I say lovemaking?
In many ways that's worse.
They need the powerade to replenish our fluids after lovemaking.
The sweet embrace of coitus.
We're eight.
Do you think Austin St. John makes love or does he just fuck?
Can you imagine having that his mouth just inches away from your ear and he whispers?
It's morphin time.
Yeah.
I'm gonna morph inside you.
What?
Austin?
Austin, no.
It's porkin time.
Let's move on with our lives.
What if Zordon, what do you think?
I've got a Zordon.
I've got a raging Zordon.
I hate this shit.
See, if that wasn't in the one we lost.
Ty is a pedantic person.
I think when he pronounces these words, it's in a very show-offy way.
Jairo.
Yiro.
Sacrebleu.
Sacrebleu.
Ayers Rock.
Uluru.
What you are witnessing is real.
The participants are not actors.
They are actual litigants with real cases.
They call in via Skype to Judge John Hodgman's court, the real people's court.
Now I call you to Judge John Hodgman's internet court.
Find it at Maximumfun.org or wherever you download podcasts.
I recently referred my friend to work at the same company as me
and he got the job, which I just found out comes with a nice $1,500 bonus before taxes.
He recently messaged me and said he thinks he should get a chunk of it.
What the fuck?
He is a single guy.
I have a wife, two kids, and a mortgage to pay.
Not relevant.
Yeah, it doesn't matter.
You could be a coke dealer.
I told him no, but in a nice way.
After all, we're only a few weeks away from buying candlelight presents
and also diapers are expensive.
Do I owe it to him to toss him a few bucks since I don't technically earn it?
Or is getting him the new job good enough?
Am I good?
That's from All Mine in Atlanta.
This is insanity.
The fact that you're trying to justify it to us like,
I have kids and I have to buy diapers.
That's great and all, doesn't matter.
I don't care if you said I'm gonna take that $1,500 and burn it.
I'm allergic to money and if I touch it, I get very, very ill.
I don't give a shit.
It's your fungibles.
His bonus is a paycheck.
It's a paycheck that you got him in the bank every two weeks, homie.
What are you talking about?
Do you get a cut of that?
Do you give him like $500 now and then you get 10% of his paycheck every like month?
You need a royalty on this deal.
Gotta get that, gotta get your long straw out.
You gotta sip, you gotta sip of that juice.
Is it possible?
Is it possible after like the pizza thing and then this thing that like people just don't have-
The society is just grumbling around us?
Yeah, like friendship is just not what it was anymore because I cannot imagine,
even like my closest friend who I have no problem saying like whatever to.
I can say anything to them.
The idea of being like, but I need some of your money.
Like, no, no, ew, ow.
This is bonkers and bad.
I think you and should break up with this friend and pizza,
would sure would like some pizza in Truett Park, break up with their friend.
You're each other's friends now and the other two friends can just fucking parasite off each other
until they run out of money or pizza and just wither up and die.
Unless.
Unless.
Check that calendar again.
What year is it?
Well, it's November 2nd now.
Yeah, but what year is it?
2015.
Sorry, did you just say 2015?
Sorry, do you mean 20-grifteen colon the con is on?
The con is still on, yeah.
The con is on.
Is it off on January 1, 16?
Yeah.
Then the apologies begin.
Got about 58 days.
So start, keep your conning, finish those cons up.
It's time to move on to the fucking prestige.
So what if this, okay, you get your friend a job.
Yeah.
Yeah, 750 in your pocket, 750 in his pocket.
Garbage.
He quits.
Okay.
How long does he have the job?
What?
How long does he have to keep the job?
It doesn't matter.
A day.
I mean, he literally, he like calls in the next day.
He's like, hey, it's Brian.
I got hit by a bus, bye.
And he's just gone.
I'm an angel now.
I'm calling you on an angel phone.
Then you show up.
He's back.
Fake mustache.
This is my friend, Ryan.
He is in many ways more qualified than Brian.
So far, so good.
I don't want to speak ill of the dead, but fuck Brian's whole work ethic.
Brian gets the job, 750 in your pocket.
Next day, you overhear a little chatter around the coffee maker.
Did you hear the tragic news?
Ryan moved to Aruba and was hit by a bus.
That's probably a little more fiction.
Hi, everybody.
This is president Obama.
I'm prioritizing legislation to just get rid of buses.
They're fucking out of control.
They're out of control.
Did you see Ghost Dad?
Then who's that knocking on the door the next day?
Boss checks his day planner.
What's that?
I have a 1030 with a new hire applicant named Brian.
Can that be right?
It can.
And guess who's about to make 750 more dollars?
It's you.
The con is on.
Also, Brian.
Next day.
You and Brian.
Next day, Brian.
Hit by a bus.
Brian's not even a name.
I'm gonna miss him, though.
This is my friend, Scryin.
He's had a lot of work.
He's really into seeing the future.
Yeah, he's a soothsayer.
This is a lot of work.
Didn't foresee that bus, though.
Because he's dead.
750 more.
This is Dryin.
Dryin?
Dryin?
Travis, you're right.
It is a lot of work, and that's why we got to simplify the process.
Cut Dryin, Brian, Dryin, Ryan out completely.
It's just you.
Okay.
Okay, you show up at work.
Hey, boss, it's Doug.
I've got another great candidate for you.
His name is Jug.
It's you.
You're in a bowler cap and a monocle.
Good day.
Good day.
Yes, I am Jug.
I'm Jug.
I'm prepared to work at your establishment.
I will work hard.
I will do good jobs.
Can you just be like, yeah, I've got a candidate.
It's you, boss man.
You're hired.
I'm hiring you for your job.
That'll be $1,500.
Money, please.
Money, please.
I'll take it in small or large bills.
You know who else we should hire?
Debra from accounting.
Bring Debra in here.
Debra, good news.
I'm hiring you for your job.
Well, yeah, I already work.
You're perfect then.
A perfect candidate.
Very qualified.
I don't know.
This still seems exact.
Can I just embezzle?
Yeah, just embezzle.
Or just steal.
It just seems much more straightforward.
Just steal.
Just take.
Can I just steal?
Just steal and take.
And don't try and get clever about it because that's how you get caught.
Just fucking take.
Yeah, just take.
Because everybody assumes nobody's stealing.
Yeah, but everyone-
Unless you yourself are a stealer, in which case you're assuming everybody is all the time.
This is the secret.
Everyone's stealing all the time.
I steal from this podcast a bunch.
What do you steal from this podcast?
I stole 30 Minutes Trash's recording.
It's me, podcast Krampus.
I've cursed Audacity.
Just kidding.
But we cut your head off and buried you in a grave and put a cross up and set a fire around it.
Yeah, it takes two crosses.
Damn it.
You can't kill podcast Krampus.
I told you, Travis, we shouldn't have gotten cheap on the crosses.
Well, you know, ties are tight.
It's candlelight.
There's not a lot of money to go around.
Also, you used Epsom salt.
It takes kosher if you want to take down old podcast Krampus.
That's what I had left over from my gout.
Sorry?
You heard me, Krampus.
No, I heard the words you said.
They didn't make sense since you have to put salt on your gout.
You gotta soak it.
Come on, Krampus.
Read a book.
100% certain what gout is.
And I'm pretty sure I did a salt buns episode about it.
Yeah, no, that's nothing.
I know, I've seen gout as you guys swollen toe because you drink too much wine and you
live too high on the hog.
That's exactly it.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Please.
Yes, I hope podcast Krampus doesn't steal it.
I like the idea of podcast Krampus because I feel like it's a very relatable thing for
podcast creators.
It's just losing shit.
I listen to a lot of worst idea of all time.
Those guys have lost like a dozen episodes at this point.
Fucking podcast Krampus is busy in New Zealand.
This one was sent in by Yahoo Answers user game recognized game Rachel Sperling.
It's by Yahoo Answers user boomhauer.
Did I call Rachel Sperling Yahoo Answers user Rachel Sperling?
I think you might have.
At this point, it's not inaccurate.
That's a good point.
Boomhauer asks.
If I'm at an MLB game and that's Major League Baseball, could I help my team?
Sorry?
Go Royals?
I'm going to jump right on that.
You don't have to say go Royals.
They won it.
But that's why I'm jumping on it because they won it.
Okay.
So now I'm a fan.
Good, good.
If I'm at an MLB game, could I help my home team get a home run this way?
Say that I am at an MLB baseball game and a batter for my home team hits a ball and starts
running bases.
So as the opposing outfielders are looking for the ball to drop so they can throw it
to home or to a baseman to try and get my batter out, what I do is throw another baseball
on the field to distract them from the real ball that is actually in play.
So they all go after my baseball and then even if they get him out, the ruling is reversed
when it turns out that they did so with an entirely different baseball that wasn't the
one in play.
So just help my team get a home run through the classic Sun Tzu strategy of creating a
diversion.
Could this work?
It happens all the time.
It does happen.
It happened in the World Series game five last night.
The problem you're going to run into is that once you enter a second ball into play that
then they have to play the rest of the game with two balls.
It's like, what's that?
Said two balls.
Oh, excellent.
Great.
Yeah, it's like pinball rules when you get a multi ball.
They're both in there now.
You have to get two batters, two pitchers, two catchers all working.
Backup catcher.
Backup catcher.
Pull him out of the outfield.
That's what the book Catcher in the Rye is based on because that's what they call the
area just behind the plate.
They call that the rye.
So two balls are going simultaneously and you have to keep track.
Usually the judges, you know, the baseball judges, the panel will paint one of the balls
red to help keep track of it.
And that's the double point ball.
Yeah, that's the one that's full of bonuses.
And if you catch that one, nobody can touch you for like 30 seconds.
I feel like these rules are getting a bit complicated.
But now you have to be careful.
Don't hit the green one.
If you hit the green one, your team loses a point.
That's the innocent ball.
But if you hit the sort of glowing one, then your bat becomes imbued with those properties,
which is like a plus three strength.
Yeah, and then you can hit all of the basement with your bat as you run around.
Yeah, but watch out because they can fight back.
They got knives.
Two ball baseball started as a joke to me.
It would be sick.
And now I really want to, it sounds way better.
Can I bust it out, flip it, and reverse it for you, though?
Hit me.
What's the worst part of baseball?
When your team is fielding.
Yeah, it's just the outfield in general.
It's a giant barren land where nothing exciting ever happens.
Let's just get rid of it.
Just infield.
Just the core diamond, right?
But then let's duplicate that, flip it around, mirror image.
We're talking about two batters batting at each other.
Oh, so like full court baseball.
Full court baseball.
Yeah, two balls.
That's where the difference is.
Full court baseball, yeah, two balls, that's where the two balls comes in.
No defense, no defense whatsoever.
And two gloves, one on each hand.
Why they got that free hand?
Yeah, just sort of like a home run death battle.
This is amazing.
This is very good.
Would this work in football?
There's no defense.
No defense.
Just two teams trying to score points on each other.
Yeah, at the same time.
Two footballs, double the pigskin, baby.
So that sounds way, because like that cuts out the point part.
Let me say this.
Maybe shorten the old football field.
Like, you know, 100 yards is a long way.
I can't imagine going that far.
Oh, go ahead.
Do you think I'm going for arena football?
Because that's not what I was going for.
Oh, dang.
No, no one wants to watch arena football.
No one even wants to hear us tell jokes about arena football.
I'm just talking like 25 yards.
Oh my God.
Whoa, okay.
Yeah, I can conceptualize running 25 yards.
So like that's how far it would need to be for me to play football.
This pro crazy football that is like a future sport at this point.
Yeah, and it only goes like 15 minutes.
I mean, oh, shit.
Oh, fuck.
Advertising is at a premium.
That sounds real digestible, yeah.
Yeah, this sounds like, this kind of sounds like NFL Blitz at this point.
The street football.
Sounds like NFL shits.
Can I hit you guys with another idea that's even better than all the ideas
that you two have come up with so far?
Yeah, please.
NASCAR driving in circles.
What if half the cars are driving one way and half the cars are driving the other way?
And then it's like everybody's playing Mario Kart,
but half the people are really bad at it.
So they get far behind and instead of trying to win,
they just like try and take the other people out.
I do have to point out that this is like,
we're doing this in our real lives every day.
And it's just called like,
homecoming traffic, different lanes.
Not really that thrilling.
And so just to keep it safe,
we'll put a concrete divider in the middle of the road.
There's going to be a bright yellow line dividing the two lanes.
And then you know how sometimes like during NASCAR races,
there are people like camped out in the middle and like trailers and shit.
We got to give them some way to like get out of the middle of the thing.
So we're going to put like a special light at one point on the racetrack
that like tells the cars to like, hey, chill out.
Brian's got to go refill his Diet Coke.
So like a light that changes like if it's greener,
then they can keep going.
But if there's like a red one, then they have to stop going.
Is that kind of what you're thinking?
And you know, if it were me driving in a circle all day long,
I'd get really bored.
So I'd want some like,
some like off-shoot roads that I could pull off
and maybe head towards other roads.
Yeah, sure.
I don't see why the race has to be,
I feel like the race, you should have to like find your own way.
And so there should be lots of different roads leaving the racetrack.
And then we can also just put a bunch of like residences
and businesses to sort of all around.
Yeah, so maybe I pull off the race and then like I stop at the office.
Is this what the movie Cars is?
I think this is basically the movie.
What if people get bored in car city
and they want to watch a race?
So they have to maybe build a smaller go-kart track
in the middle of car city that you can go to
to watch an unfettered race.
Yeah.
And then we just keep collapsing that in on itself
until we're like model cars, hot wheels,
just like three guys sitting around a hot wheels track,
just watching them go.
It's just race cars all the way down, baby.
Can we do golf?
Can we do golf?
What would golf be in these sort of like heightened,
like 1v1 terms?
I feel like you would need more than one person.
I feel like a golf course, very big.
People, very small, like an army.
100 people batting in a circle for a hole in the middle of all of them.
Last man standing.
You go laser tag rules, right?
Each golfer starts at opposing sides of the golf court
and each one has a hole and a flag taped to their back,
like coming out of their back.
Oh, fuck.
You're just like beaming golf balls at like,
hey, I got a hole in Doug.
Just sink it, just sink a hole in Doug.
Man, that was a par four Doug.
That was an incredible, incredible shot, Henry.
Yeah, he hit up a tree, but I still got him.
Still got him.
He did fall out of the tree, landed right on his C6.
Do you know what though?
This is a realistic application for a backflip.
Like if you can reliably do a backflip,
no one's ever going to score on you.
Nobody's ever golf dunked on Austin St. John.
Hasn't been done.
What are you trying to do?
Forward, nice try.
Flip.
Oh, I'll get you Austin St. John.
Rubble, rubble.
Well, I don't think the Hamburglar
was a Mighty Morphin Power Rangers villain.
He had to get work after there.
Rita, what was her fucking name?
Rita Repulsa.
Damn, Justin.
Nice, good pull.
Good pull, right?
Should we end the show?
Uh, no.
Okay, this has been my brother,
my brother, me, and it's a vice show for the modern era.
I hope you guys liked this second take.
Yeah, we said different things, so that's good.
So that other one's just lost the time in memorial.
Sorry about that.
God, I fucking hate podcast crampus so much.
We should tell you, we mentioned earlier,
but just to reiterate,
we are doing the Candle Nights show
again here in Huntington, West Virginia.
We're going to have Sawbones there
and it's going to be a lot of fun,
a lot of frivolity.
There'll be an after party afterwards
where we can like hang out and chill together
and we'll have better sound than we had last year.
We had some sound issues and so we'll have that fixed.
If you're looking for a place to stay, by the way,
the show's at the Big Sandy Superstore Arena.
It's actually in one of like the smaller rooms.
We're not like playing in an arena,
but there is a Holiday Inn like right next door.
And it's one of the nice ones.
It's one of the nice ones.
It's a nice Holiday Inn.
And you'll be close to like shopping and some food.
And industry.
And industry.
You're literally right next to the venue,
so it's going to be sick.
And City Hall and the courthouse.
There's so much to see and do.
Jim's Spaghetti.
If you actually go to justinmaccroy.wordpress.com,
I did a post last year about stuff you can do in Huntington.
There's a lot of fun stuff to do.
And this will be on a Monday instead of a Sunday.
So like shit will be open.
I want to say thanks to NatureBox,
where you can order hundreds of great tasting snacks
and get a naturebox.com slash my brother
to sign up for a great box of great tasting snacks.
I might, can I recommend Swirl?
It's a new snack flavor that they have.
Can I recommend Apple Attack?
Apple Attack.
Apple Attack sad face.
Yeah, there's an emoji in there.
Not a real one, again.
We also want to say go check out
all the other amazing maximumfun.org shows.
Shows like Sawbones that Justin and Sydney do,
where they talk about the history of misguided medicine.
You can check out Jordan, Jesse Goh,
Judge John Hodgman.
I do a show with my friend Andy,
where we talk about how to survive different apocalypses
called Bunker Buddies.
I produce and semi co-host a show called
Can I Pet Your Dog?
All about dogs and dog enthusiasts.
There's tons of great shows on there.
Go check them all out.
Check every last one of them out.
I want to thank John Roderick in the Long Winters
for his theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
He's a super great guy, that John Roderick.
And the band's super great and the music is very great.
And go listen to it because it's great.
It's a great holiday album.
Also, we haven't mentioned in a while,
but if you've got a question for us,
you can send it to mbmbamatmaximumfund.org.
Just make sure that, you know,
that there's some form of advice being asked for.
Some people are just like, which one's better?
It's like, okay, that's not,
we don't really make those decisions.
We give advice.
So as long as you're asking for advice, it'll be great.
Also, no bummers.
No bummers.
No bummers.
Should we close it out?
Yeah, we're done.
Oh, I'm having a stretch.
That's excellent.
Excellent update.
So sinewy.
How about this one?
It was sent in by level9000.
Yeah, Drew, Drew, Drew Devonport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Navya, who asks,
who invented the names of things?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Swear on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
This is Biz.
And I'm Teresa.
And we host a show called One Bad Mother, a comedy podcast about parenting.
Not a parenting podcast.
Guess what?
We both just had babies.
Again.
Check out the show enjoyed by breeders and ballers alike on iTunes or Maximumfun.org.
