The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
The weather outside is frightful. Merry Christmas, everyone. It's 81 degrees outside
of my house right now. It's 81 degrees. It's gonna be a warm Christmas at the McElroy household.
By that, I mean Griffin McElroy. I guess that's kind of frightful when you think about, like,
the earth and the fate of the world and its peoples. Christmas time has sprung because
Halloween's over, so we're full-blown Christmas season. I got my Scrooged graphic t-shirt on,
which I wear every holiday season. I have a frosty mug of cocoa, hot cocoa. I actually
literally just drank some hot cocoa. Well, hey, kids, I'm Tom Turkey. Let me teach y'all a little
lesson about why Thanksgiving deserves a chance. Tom Turkey, you had your fucking time in late
August and you fucking blew it because you slept through it. I was on vacation. Yeah, I know you
were, but you- I'm full tryptophan. What we should do is we should start celebrating American
Thanksgiving during Canadian Thanksgiving, which is in October, pre-Halloween, and just get it out
of the way. Listen, okay, straight up, though, it's an arbitrary day anyways for Thanksgiving.
Like, it changes every year and it's just- does it really matter? Why not just make it, like,
23rd- I don't know, March? No, no, I mean, we should- we should settle on a fucking date on
this fucking thing because it's- It's September 17th. No, it's the 23rd. The 23rd, I feel like,
is a good average Thanksgiving day, and it's not like when the Pilgrims and the Native Americans
had their first sit-down, their first collabo. It's not like that shit happened on, like,
a set Thursday. It was a day, you know what I mean? It was the 23rd, I think.
It's not like the birth of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ happened December 25th at 6.38 p.m.
Yeah, it would be like if we celebrate Christmas, like, when was Jesus born? I don't know,
Tuesday? The third Tuesday, maybe? I don't know, it seems about right. It seemed like a Tuesday-
It had a Tuesday vibe in the Bible. Historians have a hard time pinning down- nope, 25th,
says so. Ecclesiastes 22- Here's the problem, though, is that if we- if we don't do the- the
Thanksgiving on, like, a floating day, one- one year, it'll just be, like, a big Saturday lunch.
Like, there will be nothing special about it except, oh, we had three more sides than normal.
Oh, maybe- maybe for you, Edatron. Yes, that would be your robot name.
Oh, okay. Because you eat so much all the time?
Right. I'm not saying you're fat, but you do eat a lot of- you consume a lot of content.
Well, I- I want other people to not have it. Fair enough. This isn't My Brother, My Brother,
Me. It's an advice show for the modern era. You wouldn't know it from our intro, but it is a
comedy program, and we're gonna be serving up fresh laughs to you just as soon as we find our rhythm.
It's been a while since we've made a live- an actual program, I'd say about three weeks or so,
since we've made an actual- We've been busy.
Well, you've been busy.
That's not an excuse. To the people at home, we're just- we're just voices that come into
their ears. Like, we're not human beings. They don't have time for marriages and,
um, other big important life events.
They don't want to see us, you know, wiping off the grease paint,
returning- Exactly.
Returning back to our lives. We don't have any stage door Johnnies
there waiting for a glimpse of us as we slip out the back of the podcasting theater.
As soon as we- we pronounce that kiss your dad's ground on the lips, we die for a week.
We die in their minds.
We have no lives and certainly don't have weddings.
Or murder mysteries.
But that's okay. We're here in your ears now. We're- let us cradle you into wisdom
with this first question.
Since American politics have become such a hot topic lately,
I've been having a problem with my- one of my closest friends.
Recently he's been getting extremely vocal and animated about his opinions
whenever he finds a news article or political meme on the internet.
Although we don't share the same views on these matters,
he and I normally have a great time when we hang out.
But since he's been constantly bringing up these topics,
I find him difficult to be around. I don't want to ostracize him from my life.
And I've told him a few times that talking about politics
isn't how I want to spend my time with him, but he just won't listen.
Is there a way I can avoid these conversations while also maintaining our friendship?
And that's from Congressionally Confused in Connecticut.
That someone has to be engaging with him.
Like there's no way he's just sitting there and,
an Obama, right?
And like nobody answers and he just keeps going?
Because if so, your friend is insane.
You gotta- you gotta make him feel small.
You gotta- you gotta learn so much more about whatever subjects he wants to talk about
that you politics him under the table.
Like if you- if you haven't already started, it may actually be too late,
but you need to start, you know, reading Le Monde exclusively.
You need to start reading back- back catalog of the economists
and just get like so deep in politics.
You could do that or you could do what my parents did
when I thought that I would start discussing politics with them.
And this is actually pretty savvy on their part, so I'll pass this on along to you.
What they did was when I would start espousing political opinions,
they would just keep asking me questions about my political opinions
until that thin veneer of basically a hodgepodge,
paper mache construction of hope and good feelings
and just a minimal amount of information.
And stuff you learn from The Daily Show.
And exactly.
And that would- it was- that was- became sort of a tapestry that I would-
I would wrap myself in and they would just ask questions about my beliefs
until they crumbled around me.
This sort of predated The Daily Show though, this interaction.
Like I don't know- where did you get-
Don't fucking age me Griffin, Jesus.
No, I'm saying you're old as fuck, but where did you get your shit?
Like Nick News? What was your-
He read it on The Onion.
The Onion. The paper one. The Onion.
And I was like-
Oh that would be great.
Every time your friend brings up an article like you read in USA Today,
bring up an article you read in The Onion.
It's like- and you can believe this? He's- he's mating with aliens.
Listen, you're basically fucking describing Facebook.
That is basically just my Facebook wall right now that you're describing.
Hey, Obama's a Muslim.
Hey, somebody at a mall believed something about a dragon.
That's The Onion headline, isn't it?
I don't read much.
That's pretty good.
That's not bad. I'll find it.
Does anybody-
Obama says french fries are Benghazi.
I have- I have friends that are- I would say very political.
They talk about political things.
But like, does anyone really like talking about this shit?
Is there anyone that it doesn't make you just feel impotent?
Here's the thing. That's the thing.
Nobody enjoys talking with other people about this.
They like talking at other people about this.
They like just hurling facts and knowledge and random shit.
I guess in the hopes that the other people listening will just
realize that they are the superior political mind.
People say not to discuss religion and politics because it's impolite.
And I think that's fair because it rarely leads to any sort of positive discussion.
But I think the other side of that is because they're also-
Those conversations, almost by definition, can't be fruitful.
You're going to have one of two things.
Either you're going to have two people so dug in that all they are doing
is espousing their own beliefs at the other person until they run out of breath.
Or you're basically going to have an echo chamber
where you're hearing your own beliefs repeated back to you.
Neither one is healthy.
Well, somebody's got to be- Yeah, you ain't Lincoln Douglas.
You know what I mean?
Somebody's got to be listening to this shit though.
Or else explain Ron Paul.
Ron Paul started with one guy.
It was like Ron Paul talked to this one dude.
And that dude was like, oh my God, Ron Paul, I'm so into you.
And then he told two friends and then they told two friends.
And then all of a sudden you had the Ron Paul extranet of human beings.
You had the Ron Paul hive mind.
And that was started by word of mouth.
That wasn't big political contributions.
Can I tell you guys a few things about Ron Paul?
That I like?
How long do you have?
I know everybody's lives are so busy, but-
Are you opening to joining with me and opening your hearts
and just joining the relivution?
That's what we call the revolution, but there's love in there.
Let me tell you all about it.
Do you like guns?
Ron Paul sure as shit doesn't.
If your friend wants to talk about politics,
you should carry around in your pocket forms to sign up for the next election.
To like make him run for city council.
If he is so belligerent about this, make him run for political office.
That's your only out.
Because if he's not going to do that, then he's not serious enough about it.
And if he does do that, you have to be his campaign manager.
Oops, you fucked up now.
That's that you played chicken and you lost.
Oh, cut to 40 years from now.
He's president and you're his chief of staff.
And then you're like, hey, by the way, I've never really liked you that much.
This was all a mistake.
But I'm proud of the progress that you've made.
Too bad that you beat the shit out of Ron Paul in the primaries.
I was really rooting for that guy.
I heard some really good news about him.
What about what if every time your friend brings up 2013 American politics,
you bring up 1913 American politics, but don't let him know the difference.
But like and I hear that they're voting on something called prohibition.
Then just see see if eventually he'll stop hanging out with you.
Or you could always bring up rap beefs.
Those are about the same thing.
Yeah, but when they got Biggie, who was almost like the GOP, GOP,
when the GOP got Biggie, that's when things really probably fucking did.
I could I could send you guys some literature,
but that that shit was entirely politically driven.
Go for the three way beef between Pac, Biggie and Ron Paul.
And let's just say one of them still alive.
And then the other two died.
Ron Paul was like, Biggie, they might as well call you the IRS
because I'm not convinced of your continued solvency.
And Ron Paul said nothing.
He just got it fucking done.
He just did the damn thing.
Just did it.
He did that hit.
He did that hit on Biggie.
No, he did it twice.
Mystery solved.
And now you know the rest of the story.
Ron Paul, 2014.
When's the next election?
Yahoo, please.
This Yahoo, as long as we're talking about politics,
this Yahoo was sent in by Harrison Ross.
Thanks, Harrison.
But Yahoo answers user Friendly Cow, top contributor.
Who asks, why can't you just walk into a store and take something?
Then walk out.
Like who is going to stop you?
Walmart stop funding that greeters so you could just walk in,
take whatever and walk out.
As long as it doesn't have one of the things
that make the alarms by the door go off.
That's actually an unspoken law.
If no one sees you, then you're good.
It's like, oh, you got us.
If you're saying shoplifting is legal,
if you can cross the barrier and nobody sees you,
the statute of limitations on that is until you get to your car.
And then once you're there, it's all yally oxen free.
I mean, that's the question.
If the question is, why don't you do that?
The answer is everybody does all the time.
Yeah, you've just described the exact conditions
through which everyone is stealing everything.
Everyone's doing, I've never shoplifted anything in my life.
Can I tell you why everyone doesn't do that?
Because it's not exactly like everybody
who would shoplift from Walmart is a master thief.
I worked in loss prevention at Best Buy
and like the ability to be like,
oh, look at that person who's like hiding their eyes
and looking around and it's like,
yeah, you're not exactly like Pink Panther in this shit.
It's that guy in the hoodie
who won't make eye contact with anyone.
But like, at Walmart, what's gonna,
like someone, I've never understood
you can just grab the thing and walk out the door
and even if somebody's like, hey, you can't do that,
I work at Walmart, you have to pay for that.
What's stopping you from just being like,
no, and there's really not anything you can do to stop me
and then getting in your car and driving away.
I mean, you can't do that.
Can't they detain you?
Can't they chain you to a right here?
No, they can't, you know why?
Because I'm a fucking adult and they have no legal authority over me.
So wait, Griffin, are you implying that all of capitalism
is just a smokescreen and we only do it
because we think we have to do it?
I'm saying that the societal norms
are all entirely projected into our own minds
by ourselves and our teachers.
I'm saying if I go to Target right now,
I can pick up a fucking PlayStation 3
and walk out the door and someone's like,
hey, you can't take that, I work at Target.
And I can say, you're not my dad, like later, later.
And I can hop on my skateboard
that I've been riding through Target the entire time
because nobody can fucking, they can't touch me.
That's for fucking sure.
It's like Target is like a haunted house rules.
They can't touch you.
They can't touch you.
They're not gonna, there's a security guard by the door.
He's not a fucking ordained by the city.
My taxes don't pay his salary.
He's not gonna fucking shoot me later.
If you ever wanna have some fun.
His gun squirts mustard.
Like there's no way he can't stop you.
That's why he sits by the fucking food court.
He is not a cop later dog, later.
If you ever wanna have some fun,
if you're at like a big box store,
trust me as someone who worked in loss prevention,
they won't do shit until you try to leave with it.
Even if they watch you do it.
So just make eye contact with someone
in the electronics department
and put something down your pants.
And then just before you leave,
pull it back out and put it on a shelf.
And then just walk out and goodbye everybody.
And like you've done.
Can I give you an alternative theory?
Just shove it down your pants
and walk the fuck out of the store
because they're not cops.
I wouldn't shoplift from a cop store,
a cop good store staffed entirely by cops
because they're gonna fucking enforce that shit.
Travis, what could you actually do
to someone you thought was stealing?
Like what was my process?
Crack this open, crack open
how fucking impotent these dudes are.
It really is, okay, listen,
I don't wanna put all security guards on blast
because I feel like I'm betraying my brotherhood.
But here's the thing, you guys,
the amount of quality,
like the amount of things that you have to prove
before you can even have someone arrested.
Right.
Like here's the thing,
I could watch you, Griffin McElroy do it, right?
Yeah, and you know,
I'm fucking going to after this goddamn podcast.
And then if I lost eye contact,
like if I lost the visuals on you
and you were just gone and then showed back up,
I couldn't do shit.
Couldn't do shit.
Because I couldn't prove,
all you would have to say is like, no, I put it back.
Hey, that's not cool, I'm gonna call real cops.
All right, they'll be here in like 20 minutes later, later.
My car is 20 feet away, bye.
The point Griffin is making is not that,
it's not about whether or not they see you do it.
What he's saying is they can watch you do it,
watch you walk out the door and they cannot do anything.
They can't do fucking anything
because they're not a cop or my dad.
If my dad was working loss prevention,
he's like, no, son, don't.
Like, all right, I'll put it back.
And I put it back.
But very rarely would that happen
because my dad doesn't work retail.
That would be a sweet,
like some sort of a duel between they bring on Clint
because he's the only one that can stop Griffin.
It'll be sort of a Thomas Crown Affair vibe.
I think Griffin's like rappelling through the ceiling
and dad like cuts the string.
Except by rappelling through the ceiling,
you mean like just walking in the door
and taking out a handful of boxes of Mike and Ikes
and walking out.
If you think I would go that small,
I mean, I will go that small.
I'll go small to big.
I'm not paying for shit anymore.
I don't wanna-
I actually, I don't believe in shoplifting.
It makes me so sad because I know who it affects.
So what I do is I go in and I pick up the thing
and then I leave like a clay pot I've made
or some like shiny stones.
So you like covert bartering basically.
You like very one-sided bartering.
They can't say yes to it
because then everybody would do it.
But I know that they appreciate those sand dollars.
It's like farting in yoga class.
That is what I equate shoplifting to
is like farting in yoga class.
Because you've done inventory
at a major retail chain before.
I have too.
I imagine Justin has too
since he's worked about 28 retail jobs.
It's like typically 75, 80%.
And then the other shit gets just straight up cribbed.
And when someone, if you become a cog in that machine
you're literally just a drop in the bucket.
You're adding 0.0001 to the shoplifting rate at that point.
Like it doesn't-
Because most of it, most of it.
I do wanna drop.
When I worked at Best Buy, I had like 10 fools arrested.
Yeah.
How, Travis, how?
Because I called the cops before they tried to leave.
But you said they won't do anything-
The cops are waiting.
Hold on.
Until they try to leave.
Which is- Until they try to leave.
And so then the people would walk out the door
and the cops would fucking, you know, come in.
No, okay.
Travis, how on earth?
Because I was fucking on point.
With your profiling?
No, because I want-
Okay, so this is why there are greeters
because people come in and you say hi
and like your normal average person goes, oh, hi.
And then people who are coming in to steal shit-
So they look at you and they're like, can't talk.
No, there are people that would come in
and suddenly they'd be so surprised
that a human being was like acknowledging them.
They'd be like, what?
Too busy, too busy, gotta steal something.
In which aisle is your small and valuable things?
About pocket size, please.
Do you have that special belt that loosens your pants?
The thing is, is like all you have to do is watch people
and people, like I said, are not exactly master thieves.
So they're like looking around all shady
and like hiding stuff.
And like, you know, when you see a 12 year old kid
jacking out the refrigerator section,
it's like, no, you're back there stealing stuff.
I'm gonna give you one last chance at this
before I just declare your entire form of profession made up.
You can't physically stop people
as they're leaving the store, correct?
If someone went-
All right, let's paint a hypothetical.
No, no, no, I can.
I have to prove that they were bypassing the checkout.
You can't fucking touch them though.
You can't grab them by the script.
That's what I'm saying.
If someone walked in the store-
Oh, I hardly disagree.
Let me finish my scenario.
Someone walks in the store,
goes full-blown supermarket sweep in two and a half minutes,
just like runs through the phone aisle,
like wee, just like knocking shit into their giant pants
and then runs out.
You can't do shit about that scenario.
I would tackle the shit out of them.
You can't, that's assault.
That's assault and you go to jail
and don't want that happening to you, my brother.
I wouldn't do very well in prison.
I'm just saying you wouldn't be able to-
I would though.
The settlement would pay for all the shit
that he was gonna steal
and then you'd be back to square one.
But see, the problem is, Griffin-
You're not Batman.
You're not Batman.
I don't know why we haven't talked about this
for 20 minutes now.
But the problem is the fiction that you're creating
is not how people shop with.
It's reality.
I've never seen anyone do that.
I agree that that would be a solid play.
But people are trying to heist it.
People are trying to Ocean's Eleven it
and the first person I ever had arrested
was hiding it in a baby carriage.
Just pick up the thing and walk out.
I do agree with you.
That's what I'm saying.
People just don't do it that way.
They're not, not yet.
Not until this episode hits the fucking web.
God, Travis, I bet when you would catch someone stealing
literally the second the cops are out of earshot,
you would just crank Katrina in the waves
and just dance around the store.
Actually, the first time I had someone arrested,
I jumped up and down in celebration
so hard I hurt my ankle.
Just like Batman does.
I think that's how the killing joke ended.
I am here at Starbucks studying
and there's a guy taking out the only two comfy chairs
with him in his bag,
is putting his feet on the little table
that is shared between them and hasn't bought a drink.
I have no plans on sitting on them,
but it's annoying me how inconsiderate it is.
I just asked the barista if they could do something about it
and they said they can't even talk to the customers.
What can I do to fix this without getting into 50 cuffs?
And that's from not a single fuck was given in South Texas.
Can I just like, can I just say something?
Can I just say something really quick
based on this new fucking worldview
that I've adopted since we started recording?
Just walk up to him and take his bag.
Just take his bag and walk out.
What is he, like, what can he possibly do?
He can't touch you.
No, he actually can at that point.
I don't think he is not associated with the store.
I don't think you get the fucking castle doctrine at Starbucks
no matter how much you think you live there, Brad.
You're still associated with like humanity and the law
and you can say, hey, you assaulted me.
I was just trying to steal that.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, mine's a victimless crime
in that no one was physically injured, but-
Right, I just, man.
This is why we have the liner at the beginning
saying don't do anything we say
because I'm basically telling everybody
just fucking whatever's not nailed down, man.
Grab it and go.
I think, question asker,
I think what you need to do is to realize
that this seems inconsiderate
until you consider that everyone in the world
is inconsiderate and terrible.
That's not-
And so this is actually, this is pretty basic.
If you ever need proof of it,
all you have to do is travel.
Travel, having just been on so many flights
and going through so many airports,
it is this microscope under which you can view
the inconsiderate nature of all humanity.
You go on one honeymoon and all of a sudden
you've seen the curvature of our terrible Earth.
Curvature of the terrible Earth
was my favorite pop band in the 80s.
I think this is a very different,
I mean, I think they're very different people.
Me, when I go into a place that is my home,
literally all I'm thinking about is,
please, God, don't let anybody yell at me.
Just let me not get yelled at
for this time that I've left my door
and will soon return to it.
Please don't let me get yelled at.
If I'm at Starbucks, I'm pretty sure
that when I plug my laptop into the wall,
they're gonna yell at me.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, that's art juice.
Are you gonna buy four coffees?
It's four coffee feet, use the plug.
Like, I didn't know.
I just think it's a different world
where some people don't think that way.
I think it's very possible that this person
doesn't know what a dick fish they're being.
And if that's the case, then just walk up to him
and say, hey, can I move your bag and sit down, please?
Hey, do you know what my pet peeve is?
As long as we're talking about inconsiderate people.
And it's when someone either walks into a doorway
in a room or gets to the bottom of a set of stairs
and stops when there's a group of people behind.
I was on a tour of a castle
and very small doorways, very small things.
And people would get inside the doorway of a room
and stop and look around.
And it's like, hey, dog, there's 30 people behind you.
Life is so hard when your castle tours
are interrupted that way.
I know, Jesus.
Hey, is this what it's gonna be?
Is this how it's gonna be?
I think that you run a real risk.
Travis does have a fair point.
Thank you.
I don't think everyone on Earth is that way.
But I think that if you're looking for people like that,
you will find no shortage of inconsiderate people.
Especially at Starbucks.
You're looking at the worst place.
Yes, and I think that if you allow it,
you are constantly going to be annoyed
by people that aren't directly inconveniencing you.
And I know it's annoying,
but unless you're being directly...
If you're looking for a seat,
I think you're 100% within your right to say,
hey, would you mind if I sat there?
That's human and natural,
and that's how we should be interacting with each other.
But if you don't need a seat and you leave your seat...
First off, you can leave your seat, bummer.
But secondly, it doesn't...
Actually, the TikTok seat lock is enforceable by law.
That is the only thing that our fucking legal system can allow.
And you can actually assault someone if they break it.
You can fucking beat the shit out of someone.
You can steal their shit.
But TikTok seat lock is...
Is TikTok seat lock what you had in college?
Yeah.
We had barbershop.
That's what we...
What would you say?
TikTok barbershop.
TikTok barbershop?
No, we would just say barbershop when you get up.
You would quote your favorite barbershop lines from barbershop.
But wouldn't that be confusing
if you were just going to the haircut place
and you were just announcing your friends like,
oh, barbershop.
And they're like, oh, should I sit in a seat
or is he going to go get a shave and a polish?
It was the 70s.
We didn't get haircuts.
What was your guys' favorite barbershop movie?
I think it was Barbershop 2.
That's right.
I don't know when people started getting so rude.
I don't know what the turning point,
what the tipping point was using Malcolm Gladwell content.
At some point, shit done tipped and everyone got really rude.
I think it's when Touched by an Angel went off the air.
We didn't have the soothing influence of Roma Downey there.
I think if Roma Downey had walked into this Starbucks
and be like, oh, child, you should get up
and not be occupying three seats.
Do you know, wait, do you know which one was Roma Downey?
I'm Roma Downey.
Which one was she?
Who do you think she was?
I thought she was the large black woman.
No, you're done wrong.
Okay, so you, in trying to fuck me, got fucked yourself.
The old Roma Downey fuckeroo.
You flipped it on yourself.
I think it was Robert Downey Jr.'s wife.
Oh, no.
I think that's inaccurate.
First off, she was a gypsy woman, I believe.
She would have to take the junior first if they got married.
Secondly, where do you get off?
Where do you fucking start?
Challenging people's Touched by an Angel knowledge
when you yourself are pretty fuzzy on the basics of Touched by an Angel.
Listen, all I need to know is was James Spader on that show
or am I thinking of the wrong dude?
Yes, he's on every show, but I think he was on that one too.
This is what happens, you miss two weeks of episodes
and I forget who Roma Downey is.
Do you guys want another Yahoo?
Sure, yeah.
Ugh, I still had that tab open about why can't you just take shit
and it makes me so angry.
This Yahoo was sent in by Ashley Burghardt.
Thanks, Ashley.
It's by Yahoo Answers user
PowerHouseStan who asks,
can your girlfriend break up with you if she doesn't like your Facebook photos?
We've been going out for three days, but she's been very distant.
I don't know, before she was all over me and she doesn't even respond.
I even added her on FB and she didn't respond.
Any advice, kind people of Yahoo Answer?
Additional details, I'm 16 and she's 15.
Ah, Jesus, I've invited her places, but she says she has a strict father.
I think I can be fun.
Wow.
Can your girlfriend break up with you if she doesn't like your FB photos?
It's just so weird to me that that seems like the least of his worries.
Listen, it's fucking hard out there,
even for a relationship that's been going on as long as three days.
A solid 72 hours.
A solid 72 hours.
The first 48 were amazing.
We're amazing.
It was like before sunrise,
like every moment was just pregnant with romantic intent.
And now she doesn't respond.
She's pregnant.
There has been a poke lingering for eight hours unanswered, an unrequited poke.
I'm an old man and I don't know any better,
but isn't it weird that they would engage in a relationship
and not already be Facebook friends?
That is quite puzzling.
I think maybe this is a whirlwind affair.
I think it's gotta be even a whirlwind affair.
I feel like Facebook friendship should be step number one.
Especially for a 15, 16 year old.
Like if I'm considering that at 9 30,
you gotta think that they have that in a handbook somewhere.
I think if you don't have everyone in your high school
on your Facebook friends list,
you're basically, I mean your high school career is over anyway.
Yeah, I mean, I like, you know,
me, I go to a party and I say, who here don't I know?
And people are like, you don't know me.
My name is Charlie.
I'm like, hold up, Charlie what?
And they're like, Charlie Powell.
And I say, okay, hold up.
And I whip out my phone, search them, link them, sync them,
hand over my phone, say, log in, accept that shit real quick.
And then they say, what?
I say, log into your Facebook account on my phone.
And they're like, I don't want you to have access to that.
You're a big Buffalo Bills fan, huh?
Huh?
Oh man.
I see you like books.
Griffin doesn't get invited to a lot of parties in case that wasn't clear.
No, but when I do, I make it fucking count.
And then he steals stuff from the person's house.
And I just walk to their house and take the things.
They can't touch me.
Actually in Texas, they definitely can.
Can't run that game in Tejas.
Cannot do it.
Cannot do it.
They have strictures written down explicitly saying, don't do this thing.
Or you will be, or you can be harmed.
Capitally.
If you in high school start dating someone, but you're not connected on Facebook.
One, two, you don't go out and hang out and do anything because she has a strict father.
Yeah.
How did they get dating in the first place?
Yes.
Yes.
It was a drive-in?
It was a drive-in dating scenario.
I'm sure it was a drive-in.
It might as well have been a spaceship, Griffin.
The odds are equal that they found a drive-in.
Like unless they are their parents, like their connection is that their parents are
weird drive-in enthusiasts that drive across the country looking for still open drive-ins.
That's the only reality in which that would happen.
What's the modern day drive-in?
Because in our day, you go to a drive-in with a group of your friends.
You would swap hot rods, right?
And you would, you know, neck.
You raise for pinks.
Yeah.
You would neck for a solid 90 minutes, depending on the length of the movie.
Sometimes you would say you would want to go to a longer movie, like remains of the day.
You can get a solid two and a half hours of necking in.
And what's the modern equivalent of that?
What is the modern equivalent of that?
I guess anywhere, anything.
I often race for pink slips, just at normal movie theaters now.
Outside the parking lot.
I mean, that would make it so much easier.
We should race our Toyota matrices at some point.
What year is yours?
2003.
Oh, that's a slow shit.
I mean, I've souped it up.
I've done quite a bit of work.
I have a lot of, I have a few.
What kind of stuff did you add to it?
Oh God, Hemi.
You put Blazer, you put Blazer.
You put Blazer, you put Blazers in there.
Blazers, NOS, the wrapper just rides around with me.
Brakes, I just took those out.
Never going slow again.
Griffin knows where all the mattress stores in town are now.
That is one benefit of losing the brakes.
Yeah, stuff like that.
Six wheels, using more traction on the ground.
Butter, just covered everything in butter.
Just get up real, real, real slippery in there.
Which makes me pretty, pretty popular to drive in.
He has two steering wheels, one for left and one for right.
That's right.
It's basically like pod racing.
It can't go in park.
It's another thing.
That one was tricky to figure out.
Just like the physics of it is that it can't stop.
And you actually can't turn it off.
If I remember correctly, you just welded the key on.
Yeah, you could say she's a gas guzzler.
Except she's not powered by gas.
Just fire.
It runs on fire.
So pretty fast car if you want to race them.
Yours sounds more stock than mine.
But there's no shame in that.
It's all about the driver, not about the beast.
That's what I learned from Too Fast, Too Furious.
Or at least the 45 minutes of it you watched.
Yeah, I couldn't finish it.
One would say that movie was a little too fast and too furious
for Travis's taste.
The Rock never showed up and Diesel never showed up
and I didn't even have my eye candy.
No, but you knew.
That was like three movies ahead.
And you knew that eventually like, God,
the Rock has got to get messy up in this shit.
That's why I forced myself through the first 45 minutes
just so I would understand when I got to Three Fast,
Three Furious.
You don't want to be lost, sure.
Yeah, I wanted to know what was up.
I mean, I don't think he showed up till Fast Five.
But by Three Fast, Three Furious,
you could already smell what the Rock was cooking,
which is weird.
Sorry, did you say Three Fast, Three Fergie?
Three Fast, Three Furious.
She was in that one, I think.
What was the one where she came in?
I thought there was four Fergys.
Four Fergys and a Ferguson.
The Hugh Grant film.
I love my film.
You know, if you were going to shoplift,
I bet the best place to hide things would be in your butt.
Because not only would no one ever find it,
but even if they knew where it was,
they wouldn't go looking for it.
I mean, I already said that you can just walk out
because no one can touch you.
But I guess if you want to go the whole nine yards.
Well, what if you like having things in your butt?
If you want to go the Sextra Mile,
there's only one way to go,
and that's ExtremeRestraints.com.
They've got everything you can fit in your butt.
If it fits, it ships.
And I bet it's like stuff that feels better
to have up there than like a CD player.
Like maybe the Ass-Emulator Wireless Silicone Butt Plug.
Wait, it's wireless?
What other butt plugs are wired?
No one wants that weird cord dangling out of your khakis.
Luckily, there's the Ass-Emulator Wireless Silicone Butt Plug.
It's your secret.
No one else in Jenny's needs to know
that you've got this beautiful AAA goblin beauty.
What percentage?
But what does the batteries do, Justin?
They play CDs.
The two batteries will play MP3s
that reverberate through your colon
and you can hear them in your ears.
Also, more importantly, it vibrates.
Do you guys hear air supply?
I swear to God, I hear air supply.
Now that only works if you have braces.
That's worth noting.
That's why fucking Lucille Ball,
she thought she heard radio signals all the time.
It wasn't.
It was Desi's radio butt plug.
You can use remote control.
It only has two buttons on it.
I guess because the most important one is off
because I can see a lot of scenarios in which,
well, this is no longer appropriate.
There's one that says go and one that says go hard.
Don't worry.
This one does come with a power button
so you can't shut it off at some point.
And there's 10 modes of vibrating pleasure.
So you can pick that up at extremistraints.com.
Now here's the thing about,
and maybe use it as a space.
There's lots of things you graduate up
to the biggest things you can put in there
until you can fit a nook in there.
I have a thick colonic wall.
I may be sharing a little bit too much for you guys.
Let me know when it starts getting uncomfortable for you.
But I have a really thick colonic wall.
Will the wireless-
The question at Extremistraints is
when does it get uncomfortable for you?
I have a thick colonic wall, as I said, a couple times now.
Will the wireless signal from this remote
be able to reach the device that I have installed within me?
When I have-
Well, you have to put the device in your butthole too.
I mean, that's-
Now we're dealing with a little old lady
who swallowed a fly scenario.
I'm gonna have to shove a horse up there
to get the 20th remote that I've shoved up there
to shut down the 19th remote and so on, et cetera.
I'm just chock full of remotes over here.
I'm just jangling around.
Just a big ball of plastic and batteries.
Is the remote programmable?
Could I control both my butt plug and my Bose sound system?
Yeah, but you don't wanna get that turned around
because you're either gonna deal with really loud music
or an exploded butthole.
Crank it.
Oh, don't.
Oh, don't.
Oh, no.
Don't crank it.
That's all extremistraints.com.
Use the coupon code sexabunga and save 20%.
We wanna give a message to Aaron Brown from Desiree Dupree.
It says, happy birthday to you.
Happy birthday to you.
Happy birthday.
Oh, we can't do it.
No, we can't say it.
Don't sing it.
We'll get arrested.
Sing it, but sing it to the theme of a different song.
Okay.
Do it to Welcome Back, Cotter.
Happy birthday to you.
Happy birthday to you, dear Aaron.
Happy birthday to ya.
Hey, you're famous.
You don't have to sing this part.
Hope you have a good birthday because you're the best in town.
Now you're adding-
According to our new rival, life is more than their survival.
Yeah, they don't try to live the good life yet, Aaron.
Standing tall on the wings of Aaron's birthday.
Henry, we got a message to you from Elisa.
She says, please wish Henry a happy 27th birthday for me.
Nothing to rearrange.
Show me that Henry again.
Show me that Henry.
Don't waste another Henry on your Henry.
It's a rare condition this day and age that me and Henry have been together for 12 years
of sweet delight.
Yet he only cares to hear birthday wishes from the mouths of the macaroons.
Love him anyway.
What are the next words?
There must be some magic clue inside these gentle walls.
All right.
I never knew the next words, but I'm glad I do now.
I got a message for Angelo from Dan, Greg, Nick, and Wayne.
Wayne?
Wayne.
Angelo, we hope you have the rudest, most hecklesome, nice and neat math filled birthday
yet.
I hope I didn't just say something gross.
Don't let those cadavers you see on a daily basis bring you down.
Here's hoping for high quality goofs on this episode.
Sorry.
And shit in your pants now that you heard some authentic McElroy Leo-isms.
Wait, what?
From your favorite.
I think these guys hate Angelo.
Why do you hate Angelo so much?
And why are you calling him a serial killer?
I mean, I guess jokes on them because they just paid like a penny to wish him a happy
birthday on this podcast.
So I guess good way to prank suckers.
Is he seeing the cadavers on a professional level?
Welcome back.
Welcome back.
Welcome back.
Okay, hold on.
Dan, Greg, Nick, and Wayne are dead bodies that haunt Angelo.
No.
Okay, Angelo killed Dan, Greg, Nick, and Wayne and actually wrote this message to himself
from the perspective of their dead bodies.
Oh, and this is like the monkey's paw.
This is the-
This is the monkey's paw.
This is the heart beating beneath the floorboards.
That's driving him insane.
This is the black cat.
This is the in a pendulum.
This is Jesse Thorne, proprietor of MaximumFun.org and host of International Waters.
International Waters pits a team of comedians in London against a team of comedians here
in LA over several rounds of very stupid pop culture questions and games.
We've got Paul F. Tompkins, Josie Long, Greg Proops, Claudio O'Doherty, Robin Ince, Andy
Zaltzman, Paul Scheer, Izzy Sooty, Ricky Carmona, Cameron Esposito, Aaron Gibson, Brian Safi.
So join me and the best comedians in the English speaking world for International Waters.
Go to MaximumFun.org or look for us in the iTunes store.
Farm wisdom. Farm wisdom. Get your pitchfork.
Justin had a stroke.
Oh no.
Did you know carrots?
Do you know carrots and being around goats can fix strokes?
Our first farm wisdom comes to us from IMDB.
Says that John Dye was in touch by an angel, not James Spader.
Dammit.
Jesus Christ.
James Spader.
I know. I was surprised too.
John Dye is dead now.
He passed in 2007.
Was he playing James Spader?
He was playing James Spader playing the angel of death.
And he passed away.
The skin on a turkey's head and waddle can change with their mood.
It can be red, pink, white, or blue.
I think if they'd heard the past couple minutes of podcast, probably blue.
That's from Alan.
Trav, give me one.
Break me off a piece.
Apparently horses engage in a behavior called cribbing.
Where they go to Target and just like pick shit up and leave.
Where they copy each other's test answers.
Where they bite down on something like a wooden post and suck in air.
It can cause stomach ulcers.
They may do this out of boredom, stress, or dietary imbalance.
Those are both from Alan.
People think we give horses a hard time.
That's the dumbest shit I've ever heard.
Okay, no.
To be fair, it's not exactly like human beings.
This shit that we do where it's like,
hey, if you drink too much alcohol, it can kill your liver.
Be like, yeah, but I'm stressed.
Alcohol, alcohol, alcohol.
Which is what I say every time I take a shot.
If a horse gets this stupid because of boredom, stress, or dietary imbalance,
that's not the horse's fault though, is it?
It's the owner's.
And the fact that you have this precious treasure that you're fucking in charge of keeping,
not bored, not stressed, and not imbalanced, dietarily speaking.
This isn't on the fucking horse, Justin.
Horses are perfect.
Also, if they do do this, they probably have a pretty good reason for it.
Beyond the boredom or stress or diet.
We can't see inside their heads.
This might be a religious thing for horses.
Have you bitten down on a wooden post and sucked in air ever?
Have you cribbed?
You will trip balls.
You will fucking get so fucked up.
Horses love to party.
If you want to keep rodents from eating your bird feeder,
I hope they mean the seeds in your bird feeder.
Okay, eating from your bird feeder.
There we go.
Put jalapeno poppers in the mix.
No, jalapeno poppers.
Man, put some potato skins and some mozzarella sticks in there.
Good.
This is Guy Fieri's target demo.
Is rats.
Just take those rodents to Max and Irma's and give them a triple app of slider pack.
Hey bros, got rats in your bird feeder?
Buy some of my mozzarella slammers.
Buy some sloppy-doppy turkey bones.
We coat them in hair gel to slide right down your throat.
Birds aren't able to taste the spiciness.
But it does keep rats out of it.
Birds are rats with wings.
I don't know why we all are.
That's from our dear friend Ousmane.
Why are we giving them preferential treatment over rats?
Rats are just terrestrial birds.
Rats are birds.
Rats are the birds of the ground.
Think about it.
I always want to try to dress professionally as possible.
Work.
I follow blogs.
I put this on and really make an effort to dress well.
Problem is I often have to attend conferences for work and have to wear some sort of name badge.
Oh man.
Always seems to clash with my style.
Wow, how do I wear the name tag and remain stylish?
That's from a lanyard hater in Little Rock.
Oh, this is a great question.
This is a great-
This is one of those words like I wish I knew.
Well, I mean, if they're not going to supply you with a fashionable name tag,
you have to supply your own.
Like maybe if you just had your own like a silver carved kind of thing.
Well, I mean, silver doesn't go with everything.
You would- I mean, if you want to-
You got to have at least-
What about a big diamond necklace with your name in it?
See, that's the reason that those exist.
Can you have a fashion lanyard with you?
Just keep a fashion lanyard.
You got to have one in black, one in brown to go with your accessories.
And then a casual lanyard, which really is going to be seasonal.
I think you're going to want some pastels for the spring.
Well, you're also going to want like a utility lanyard, something that's durable
and can withstand the elements for like outside conferences.
Yeah.
When you're at a mountain climbing conference business, what are you talking about?
Or like a paintball business mixer.
Maybe you could-
We're up to seven lanyards now that you need.
Go on, Justin.
Maybe you could class out the name tag a little bit by drawing pictures of classy stuff on it,
like money clips or caviar or something.
So you're saying dip the lanyard.
That's just a messy lanyard at that point.
No, I'm saying draw pictures of it.
Draw a picture of caviar.
It'd be fun.
My name's Brian and you can tell the things I like.
I drew a picture of a sleek Lambo.
Is it posh here?
Wait, is this a money making thing where we could like have sticker books
for adult professionals so that they just have some Lamborghini stickers already?
Every meeting between two adults is a money making opportunity.
Think about it.
Think about that.
Is it possible to have a street team that just you don't wear a lanyard,
they just go around the room and go up to people and say,
Brian, and then they point to you.
And then nobody's going to forget your fucking name at that point.
Brian's ready for you.
Just hire like a Herald that they walk into the meeting room before you and say,
my lords and ladies.
Brian approaches.
Prepare thyself for the oncoming Brian.
You want to get a little hipper, you hire a hype man.
They come into the meeting room, they start flipping the light switches on and off.
Here he comes.
Hold on though.
What's the hype man going to wear?
You're going to have to get him past us.
You got to get a smaller hype man.
You got to get a smaller hype man ad infinitum.
Let's see.
So many great ideas so far.
Can you get a business Jersey?
Sorry, that actually creates twice the problems that it's all a business Jersey.
You can color coordinate that easy.
And then your name is just on the back of it.
Business Cape.
Business Cape with your name on it is a little gauche.
Business robe.
That's moving in the right direction.
Oh, sort of like a boxing vibe.
Yeah.
I'm selling like business trunks, business gloves.
The champ is here.
Sign your name on that.
I can't gloves.
Can't sign shit.
Luckily my Herald is, is authorized.
I have his power of attorney.
I'm just waiting for him to die.
I'm his lover.
I'll inherit everything.
I'm his lover and he won't acknowledge me publicly.
At night in bed.
I think about killing and becoming Brian.
No one would notice.
It would be a seamless transition.
Hold on.
I forgot to flip the lights on and off.
He loves that.
He loves that.
Oh, Brian.
Maybe sunglasses in the shape of the word Brian.
I like that.
Like the two that find those people that make them for the year and they had thought they
had a really good scam until 2009 when they just had that meeting where they had to stand
around like, okay, look, guys, I think we can work something out for 2010 pretty good.
But past that, I think we're just going to be really flying by the seat of our pants.
We'll see you guys again in 20,000.
I just hope there's still eyes.
Or that people have evolved three eyes because then we will have it made in the shade.
There will be nothing but shade, though, because we'll be covered in an ash cloud.
The most important part of style is to not make anyone feel uncomfortable with your style,
right?
It's for it's for every your style is for everyone else's benefit to look at you and
be be odd, right?
And I think if you show up and you're the only one with a gold plated name tag or a
Herald dressed in pastels in the spring, of course, then like you're going to you're
going to stick out and everyone's going to feel uncomfortable that they didn't bring
their own Herald or maybe they did.
Maybe that is the maybe that is the coterie in which you run.
And in that case, where do I sign off?
I I have to guess that if that was the norm for Brian and his business dealings, that
information would have probably been included in the question.
Like, I try to dress nice and I always dress my Herald in pastels when it is the spring.
That's the only palette that I know, by the way, matching the season.
If it's wintertime, I don't know snow colored whites.
You do blues and whites in the winter.
You're going to do the autumnal like some brown, some oranges, some yellow.
And summer is just a fucking Jimmy Buffett orgasm explosion.
But he has to maintain the same decorum and professional nature.
I thought it was just pastels, but shorter.
Everything's shorter, a pastel, Jimmy Buffett, pastel, like a pastel crop top.
Great luck.
You guys want to Yahoo, please?
This Yahoo was sent in by Daniel Shires.
Thanks, Daniel.
By the way, and Daniel wasn't guilty of this, but I feel like it's time for me to sit down
our audience and have a very stirring talk with them about the subject of the show.
I mean, we can make it pretty quick, because I could come up with a bullet list of no-nos.
Like number one, incest, number two, poop, number three, poop incest, very, very much frowned upon.
If anything involves pooping on someone, especially a family member, you probably just go ahead
and keep that one in your pocket.
Especially don't send it in saying, hey, I found a real gem, because then I can't help
but pass judgment on you and the type of person you are.
Weirdo, weirdo, fucking weird beard, just keep those yourself and keep digging, because you'll
find something not about poop or incest eventually.
Just dig deep.
There are Yahoo's about other things.
Anyway, thank you everybody for your submissions.
This is by Daniel Shires, though.
He sent this one in.
Thanks, Daniel.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Jacqueline who asks, I just clicked a Yahoo advertisement link.
Let me just go ahead and close out of that, and then I can get back to business.
How do I get Jonah Hill to notice me on Twitter?
I want to get noticed by Jonah Hill on Twitter.
He's like my idol.
I swear.
I swear.
If I had to die just to save his life, I would.
But please help me get noticed by him.
Would mean the world.
Thanks, Jacquelinexx.
Jacquelinexx.
Thanks for the question.
Would mean the world, thanks, Jacquelinexx.
Jacqueline, I think if you're willing to die so that he may live, it sounds like you've
already got a pretty good method of getting his attention.
Do you ever hear that Eminem documentary Stan?
That was the only way that Eminem ever acknowledged him.
Right, and they formed a long friendship that lasted to this very day.
Is this what the song Your Own Personal Jesus is about?
This person wants to die for Jonah Hill.
That Jonah Hill is their Jesus.
No, they want to be Jesus of Jonah Hill.
Right.
Dying for his sins, and there are many.
I saw Moneyball.
He was great.
Moneyball was a fine film.
I know, but I couldn't think of a bad one.
Hold on, give me a second.
Yeah, that's a fun puzzle.
Try to think of a bad Jonah Hill film before you start talking shit about him and his career.
Can't do it.
I don't think he's ever been in a bad film.
Wait.
Yeah.
Okay, let me try the joke again.
Griffin will just edit this, I'm sure.
Oh, he's got sins.
I saw The Sitter.
And let me do one cold so you can just, in case the other edit's better, I'll just record this wild.
The Sitter.
Can I get-
Can we get a Cyrus goof?
What?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Cyrus.
Cyrus.
All right, we're doing great here.
We're doing great picking on Jonah Hill.
How do you get someone like Jonah, someone of the Jonah Hill echelon to notice you on Twitter?
Someone from the Brat Pack.
What are they called?
I think they're just friends of Judd Apatow.
Aren't they the Frat Pack?
The Frat Pack, I think, actually, maybe.
No, isn't that, like, I don't think that's the same circuit.
That's like Will Ferrell and all those guys.
I think maybe it had something to do with weed, because they all seem to have quite an affinity.
Did you just call him Will Ferrell?
It came out wrong, I'm sorry.
Did you hear the new Daft Punk?
The new Daft Punk with the samples from Will Ferrell in it?
It's great.
Does that one impression of that guy from that thing?
Jonah Hill seems to be the type of celebrity that, while, I mean, he's definitely up there,
it strikes me that he's not like a Brad Pitt level kind of like-
Oh, some of that did rub off during Moneyball.
You're in a movie with Brad Pitt, and you get the sexiness that follows you along.
And if you don't believe me, watch Jonah Hill on Moneyball, then watch him in This is the End.
Dude picked up, like, dude got some shit definitely figured out between those two films.
How do you get someone to mention you on Twitter?
How do you get someone?
I think if you just tweet at him and say,
hey, Jonah Hill, I'd die for you, follow back.
RT, please, for a friend.
The problem is, you gotta-
Rinse and repeat.
What's important is you have to look at his feed, right?
You look for people he has tweeted to.
Has he tweeted to fans, right?
Has he said, hey, shout out to my boy, this guy, or replied to anyone?
And I'm looking through his feed, and I don't think he's ever replied to anyone.
So I think you're wasting your time with this right now.
I think you need to move on to greener pastures.
Or just go directly to get him to see you in real life.
The tried and true method used to be you try and kill Ronald Reagan.
But that method doesn't-
You can't do that method anymore.
You can claim-
That used to work for everybody.
Or you could claim responsibility for his death on Twitter,
and then that might be enough to peak his interest.
Kill a Ronald Reagan, because I bet there's more than the one.
I'm hoping that one of the ways to get the attention of Jonah Hill
is not to make fun of a couple of bad movies he's been in, because-
Yeah, and first of all, we have to think-
Jonah Hill and Justin got beef.
First of all, if he is listening to this, I hope he doesn't get upset,
because really, how long did we have to think before we could think of a bad movie
that he was in it?
And really, the average length of time that it would take to think of anybody in a bad movie
is much, much shorter than it took us to think of Jonah Hill.
Jonah Hill, he did his time.
He did his Cyrus.
But he's making fucking solid goal hits now.
I love that dude.
Did you guys see 21 Jump Street?
Yes, I did.
It's a fucking great movie, Jonah Hill.
I'm so sorry.
Follow me on Twitter, Griffin McElroy.
You know 22 Jump Street is coming, right?
Oh no, is it?
I just learned that from his Twitter feed.
Follow back, follow back, Jonah Hill.
Oh, that's a good way to get him to notice you.
Be Channing Tatum.
Yeah, if you can be Channing Tatum, I bet he'll reply.
Pretend to be Channing Tatum.
I don't think that's going to work.
There's anonymity.
Okay, Griffin, you were all about shoplifting, but identity theft is a sticking point for you.
I mean, it's just harder to do.
You can't walk in and take Channing Tatum.
You know what I mean?
You can't just like go into Channing Tatum's house.
Wait, wait, Ocean's 15.
Ocean's 15.
We gotta have Channing Tatum.
Oops, we stole Stockard Channing.
It's okay.
That's an easy mistake for anyone to make, including Griffin, constantly.
Every goddamn day.
I'm sorry, I skipped Ocean's 14, you guys.
It's okay. Thank you so much for listening to our podcast.
We hope you've had some fun.
We're sorry we were not with you.
The funny joke about the greatest hit shows is they take infinitely longer to edit together.
And also requires us to listen to when we weren't as bad.
I don't know.
Do you think we were better in the days or do you think we were shittier?
Because I always think we're shittier.
Because it takes us- I think our highs were higher and our lows were lower.
We're so, so much lower because it takes us so long to find gems in the shit.
But thank you for downloading that.
We hope that this week, if you get a second, it would be awesome if you share the show with people
or review it on iTunes.
You know, something to help us spread the word.
We don't have a big, you know, we don't have a big PR firm behind us.
We don't have a Herald.
We only have you.
So we need you to help us pass the word around.
And we'll do our part right now by recommending some of the other great Maximum Fun podcasts,
like stop podcasting yourself.
Judge John Hodgman, Jordan Jesse Goh, Wham Bam Pow, Bullseye.
One Bad Mother.
One Bad Mother.
And make sure you check out Sawbones.
It's the show Justin does with his wife, Sydney.
It's mine and Teresa's favorite.
We listen to it constantly.
We listen to old episodes.
Catch the fucking Sawbones wave that is like sweeping, sweeping the nation.
Justin's too humble to talk about this, but that show is about to start doing better than
this one.
Yeah, it was in like the top 10 on iTunes.
That's sickening.
It's disgusting, but we try our best.
Thank you to people tweeting about the show like Ian Dukes, Caitlin Klein, Josh, Diabolical
Machines, JP, Matt Brown, Ryan Lynch, one gentleman named Comedy Podcasts.
I don't think he's a person.
Sam Lubega.
Is it Lubega Senior?
Lubega Vivo.
That's Lubega's official YouTube channel.
What?
I don't think it is actually Lubega's Vivo channel.
Still, that's a great Twitter name.
It is a great Twitter name.
Church's wife, her old friend, Jess Krawowsa.
I'm sorry I messed that up, Jess.
And thank you to everyone else listening and sharing the show.
It really means the world to me.
Justin, open up that mailbag.
Tell us what's in there.
Oh, crap.
We got so much mail from you guys.
No fewer than three wedding invitations.
Can you please make sure you respond to those?
Wedding is a fucking month out, and I'm still missing RSVPs from people.
Are any of them near any of us?
Yeah.
Is there any in Cincinnati?
They're actually all past because I forgot to check the mailbox for a while.
You did.
But I did spend.
Okay, listen.
I'm trying my best.
Can you RSVP now at least so you don't, like, I don't want people to think that I'm a dick
just because you're a layabout.
Kate and Liz sent us a horse named Orb that they got in Iceland.
We got a note from Erica, Sam, and Kim that has pictures of gorillas on it.
You like that?
Got one from China from Paden that's lovely.
Is it a postcard, or do they live in China?
It's a postcard from China.
Our uncle traveling, Matt, sent us postcards from all over, including but not limited to
Portland, Los Angeles, Olympia, Seattle, Chicago.
He sent us one from there.
Catherine and Matthew sent us a beautiful postcard from Croatia.
We got to save the date for Joanna and Kyle's wedding.
Not going to be able to make that one because it is past, but gosh, I wish we could have
saved some for any parent.
Hold on, fuck, we got to save the date and we already missed the wedding?
Sorry, okay?
I'm trying my best out here.
Corinne and Kevin, again, sorry we couldn't make it.
That was in August, but, uh, and-
Jesus!
By this much!
John and Benjamin-
By a hair!
John and Benjamin, consider this our RSVP.
Sorry we couldn't make it.
Uh, sorry I didn't check the mailbox for so long.
With regrets, I guess, kind of.
With regrets, uh, I guess.
Uh, I want to thank- I want Griffin to thank John Roderick and the Long Winners for the
use of a theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
Griffin, can you do that real quick?
Thanks, guys.
And thanks to you.
Here's one last question.
Oh, make sure if you, uh, if you want to wish someone a happy birthday or if you know someone
that's a fan of the show and you want to send out a special personal message to them, go
to maximumfun.org forward slash jumbotron.
Can you guys please-
I love you so much, but please don't email us because we have no mechanism to set it
up.
You have to go through maximumfun.org forward slash jumbotron.
No, but we appreciate your emails.
If you just want to email us and just like chat.
Um, guys, 20 dirt?
We're like 60 days left in it.
Can you fucking believe that?
Did you get all your dirt out?
Did you dig it up?
Wash it out.
Wash it out.
Rinse out those sheets.
What's 2014 going to be?
You know, I- somebody emailed today and said, uh, go full war in 21-4, which I really kind
of liked.
We'll figure it out.
We'll get it together.
Um, I feel like tomorrow- next year- tomorrow year is going to be a banner year for us,
and it's not going to be much harder to beat this year, I think.
Yeah, we'll actually do a live show.
We'll actually do live shows.
That's my promise to you, the listener.
We'll do live shows, I promise.
We'll have time on our hands.
We'll have time to do it.
And I'm going to try- I'm really going to push us to try to do something in the UK in
the next year or two.
Oh, Jesus, just don't promise that.
I mean, just don't promise it.
Griffin, take us out.
I said push.
I didn't promise nothing.
Final Yahoo was sent in by Alan Black.
Thanks, Alan Black.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Rosalie, who asks,
What the heck is masturbating?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
This is Biz.
This is Teresa.
We host a show called One Bad Mother.
We're a comedy podcast about parenting.
Not a parenting podcast.
And for some reason, we seem to be most popular among single dudes with no kids.
Weird.
The only advice you'll get from us is when we tell you to stop feeling like shit for
being a mom.
Or a dad.
Or, you know, a single person with no children.
Find us on iTunes or at Maximumfun.org.
