The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hi everybody, welcome to my brother, my brother, and me, an advice show for the modern era. I'm
your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy. And I'm the
baby, baby, baby, girlfriend McElroy. We are, you have reached us here at Prank HQ. Uh-oh.
Tomorrow is April Fool's Day, as you know, assuming you're listening to this on Monday,
and we are prepping for the biggest prank of the year. Before we came in to start recording,
when we were out in the lobby, before we came into the studio, Griffin told me he had the best,
the biggest idea for a prank to pull on anybody ever in the history of prankdom. He said it was
going to make us the mayors of prankton, is what he said. And I said, wait, hold that thought. Don't
tell me the prank plan now. We're in the lobby. Wait till we're in front of the MICs. So Griffin,
now that we have retired to the recording studio, we are in front of the mics, the show's started.
We're laying on our chaise lounges.
We're, lay it out for me Griffin, prank of all time. Just to let everyone know,
to reiterate that I definitely came up with ahead of time. And then I like informed Justin to set
up this intro so that I would just come out and say what the prank was that I invented ahead of
time before we started recording. I feel like I've contextualized, read stalled. You may be
listening to this thinking like, is this like one of those things where Justin's just saying this?
And that didn't really happen. And it's just like a fun way to see how Griffin reacts in
a situation where like, he is the lobster. He's just been thrown into the boiling water.
Can he escape from the trap or is this not a trap at all? Did he mean to get his, his goose cooked?
Mixing my animal cooking metaphors, but that's quite all right. Griffin, I'm ready
for the prank of all time. I mean, I guess there's a lot of stuff that you need to understand before
I can reveal the prank. Like my prank draws on a lot of different influences. Are you familiar
with the jerky boys? I am. I love their work. Not those jerky boys. I'm talking about the,
the hoodlums who hang out outside of my local Sit Go and they shoplift and eat beef jerky and
just like the stoop. The jerky, but the ones whose mouths always smelled like smoky teriyaki.
I think it's supposed to be teriyaki, but for some reason when it's smoky,
they call it smoky teriyaki. So that's important. So you need to know the jerky boys. Got it.
How much Franz Kafka have you read? I mean, just like anybody else, I understand when people reference
metamorphosis, but I have not actually read any of his work. Yeah, no, he did write a book about a
bug. I say this because my prank involves a giant bug that used to be a man. So that's going to be
tricky. I'm not going to lie to you. There's a lot of, uh, I would say impossible setup for this prank
that is going to render it literally impossible to, to achieve. But if man, if we can do it.
Okay. Now I have a question. What about Damon? Are we going to get Matt Damon on board? Is Damon
like in for this? What about Damon Waymans? Hi everybody. He's a smoky teriyaki. What about
Damon Waymans, smoky teriyaki king of the Midwest? Um, there are three Wayans involved.
Three Wayans involved. Can you guess which ones? You can't because one of them is Hank Wayans.
Not a lot of people know about him. Hank Wayans the third or Hank Wayans junior?
Hank Wayans, um, not a, uh, he is not a famous actor, but boy, can he fucking pull a prank with
the best of them. Um, who's the prank on? Who are we pranking with this prank? Well, this is the
thing. It's sort of, uh, um, it's sort of like a choose your own adventure. Like it's just an empty
slate that you can fill with, you know, whoever you want to use it on. You know what I mean? It's
not like I'm going to prank like the president. And I mean, that would be a pretty good one.
Don't know how I'm going to get the bug into the white house, but the, the sorry, the bug that was
a human that was transformed by magic. Can you have the jerky boys poses caterers and maybe,
Oh, I mean, that would be easy. Cause that's their, that's their job. You think their fucking job is
just hanging out outside the gas station? You think that's how they make their living? No,
they're white house caterers. They're white house. So they're going to, they're going to,
they're going to sneak Maiman Waymans into the white house and some sort of like rolling cart
because he's small and also an acrobat. He's very, very, very little. And then they robbed
the casino, but at the same times they show that the casino owner doesn't really love his wife.
So that Maiman Waymans can get back with the wife. That's going to happen. That's not really like
the point of the prank. It's not really funny, but like the great thing about this prank is that
it's going to change and improve the lives of everybody involved with it. Not a joke per se.
There's not a punch. There is a, but there is a, but of the joke and it's our American president
in this specific example. But everybody else who's involved with it is going to get a little
something on the side. Well, Griffin, I, I'm so excited about this prank. I can't wait to,
to stunt it and, uh, pull it off, uh, with the whole crew, the jerky boys, Maiman Wayman,
Daymans, Smoky Teriyoki, the whole gang. I'm so glad they're all going to get together for one
last big heist. Yep. And, uh, I'm glad that I was able to sort of outline exactly what the prank
was. Yep. Well, thank you for coming up with it ahead of time. Um, it is to just,
we're going to steal all the toilets. So Obama's, Obama's going to be running around. Hey,
I thought I had a toilet in here. Great, great, great, great, great, great impression.
Hey Joe, did you, did you steal the toilets, Joe? That Joe Biden? No Biden? No, I didn't.
I'd left them wherever I used them. Is he Charles Nelson Riley? He's Joe Biden. Okay.
Are you sure he's not the lead singer of the B-52s?
Super pussy. Okay. Nobody's going to get super pussy. That's like the deepest inside joke,
basically ever. That was a fake B-52 song that Griffin came up with. I don't think it's that
hard to explain. Six years ago. Like 150 years ago. Super pussy. Can you do it once, Griffin?
Hey there, brothers. My boyfriend is in a band that's starting to get really big.
I go to one of his shows every weekend, pretty much. My issue, I'm assuming it's the B-52s,
my issue is that I don't know how to act when I watch him on stage. I feel awkward being right
up front staring at him, but I want him to notice me in the crowd. I'm five feet tall,
so I get lost in the crowd pretty easily. Do you have any ideas for how I can be a good,
supportive band girlfriend and not come off as awkward or just standing there?
And that's from Phelan Oxoss in Chicago. I have a question for you guys about this.
Is there a way to ask the boyfriend if he actually cares whether she's there or not
without it sounding like she's asking him to release her from going?
That's what I'm saying. When I played Templeton the rat in our community three production of
Charlotte's Web, which critics hailed that performance as revolutionary to pretending
to be a rat, I wanted our meme meme to be there once, but I would feel guilty if she had to sit
through the same shit. And it was not good outside of my revolutionary rap performance. It was not a
great show. I don't want her. I start to feel guilty if Momo is out in the audience 14 all 14
showings. But then the problem being that as soon as the person says, Hey, do you really care if I'm
there or not? All I'm afraid all it's going to sound like is, Hey, I don't want to come see your
show. You can only enjoy their ironic cover of tiny dancer so many times before it starts to
grow a little stale and perhaps the effect is lost on you. Are you putting this person on
blast because they're not very tall? No, I actually, that was not intentional. That would be the work
of a much swifter man than myself. Ooh, I have a great idea. Uh huh. Convince your boyfriend and
their band to start selling some merch and then you work the table. So you're there as a supportive
girlfriend. You don't have to stand up in the front. But then do you get like a cut? Cause then
your boyfriend does, but your boyfriend does. Oh, okay. Oh, that's some dog shit then. Hey babe,
babe, babe, babe, babe. I'm going to be up on stage shredding. Um, and then I'm going to be
backstage shredding too if you know what I mean. But Hey, well I'm back there. Babe, can you do me
one flavor? Babe, can you do me one flavor? Just go do this unpaid job for me and I'll get all the
profits. I bet you could ask for a cut. Yeah, I don't think you need to ask for a cut. I think
between standing there staring at your boyfriend as he sings versus like doing an activity. Yeah.
That you know what you're doing and is like. Get some fucking devil sticks if you want to like
occupy your time. Like don't, don't make this poor, this poor woman like start shoveling coal.
Hey, why are you shitting on my awesome idea? Travis had a great idea of this man or woman.
I'm assuming woman only because five feet tall, but it could be a man,
it could be a diminutive gentleman. And because she says supportive girlfriend, but that's fine.
No, but Travis has a great idea. What? Okay. Let me, let me take Travis's idea
and push it one step further. Uh, why don't you do join the band?
No, well, okay. So I was going to say sort of join the band, but you don't know, uh,
how to play any instruments. So what do you do? You, uh, you become the dancing
guy in the My Name is Boss tones. Like that kind of vibe. You become like the hype man.
You become like, uh, what's that cat's name? Ben? Something like that. You become like,
no, like the guy who's there dancing. Like the guy who wears the nice suit and has an umbrella
always during outcast performances. Yes. What was his name? Oh, I used to know his name too.
Rufus Wainwright, I think it was. I don't think that was who that was. I think it was Rufus
Wainwright. I don't think that's who that was. I'm pretty sure it wasn't that. Fonzworth Bentley,
Fonzworth Bentley, Fonzworth Bentley. I was so close. You weren't close fucking at all. You got
0% of his name right. There was some similar letters. Okay, sure. So be like the Fonz or like
Ben the guy from Mighty Mighty Boss tones and just dance on stage. Just get up on stage. Now
you don't have to dance good. In fact, it would be better if you didn't. Um, if you,
if you know how to skank it, that particular dance craze. Um, I don't know if your boyfriend
is in a ska band, but that's always a popular maneuver. Yeah. Uh, I, I think that getting
involved in some more concrete way, whether it be dancing or merge sales, uh, and nothing,
but those two things, uh, I think that that's going to help you pass the time, make you feel
a bit more purposeful, purpose-driven life. But there's like eight seasons of How I Met Your
Mother on Netflix that this, that this woman needs to watch. Uh-huh. But that's why I love,
that's why I love you sit at the merge table. You're not going to have to do anything till
after the band plays. You could be on Netflix on your phone, but you can't hear all the funny,
you can't hear all the funny jokes from Marshall and Lily and the crew. You put on headphones
over all the loud, loud ska music that's going on on stage. The great thing about working is that
when you want to not be at the concert, you have a great excuse. It's a lot harder to sell to say,
I'm too tired to go listen to your band play than I'm too tired to go work the merge table.
So if you, if you solidify that that's what you do with the shows, then it is a lot more
excusable if you need to get out of it once in a while, because now you've turned it into a job.
It already sounds like a job either way. I listen to you. I have no comment on your guys
relationship or whatever, but like having to go to the same concert, like no matter how,
like how incredible it may be every single time, like every weekend though.
Hey babe, babe, babe, did you hear when I went? Yeah, like I heard it today and I heard it on the
28th and then I heard it on the 21st. Babe, babe, it's different. I went na na na na instead of na
na na na. Yeah, no, that was really, um, that was really good and it did take the song in like a
totally different direction, but I am just going to kick it at home today, um, because they just
added the first captain America movie to Netflix. But this, but tonight I was gonna go na na na na
here and change the title of the song. No, just my, my, just my didgeridoo part. This is a pretty
crazy band. What is this? Is this that? It's Rust and Root. Oh, they're back. I heard that they're
back in a big, big way, but they're back. This is, but this is like, this is the new Rust and
Root, like the new monkeys. A bunch of people got together and decided to be Rust and Root again.
Yeah, no, it's sort of like Doctor Who. It's just a mantle that's passed from band to band.
Why does fucking well be? That's what, that's why they say send me on my way. It's like,
you've had fun with this band name for a while, but it's time to let it go and let somebody else
have a chance to be Rust and Root. Goetje actually used to be Rust and Root. Wow. And then they,
then they sent it on its way. Griffin, may we have a Yahoo answer question, please? Yeah, sure. This
Yahoo was sent in by David DeCruz. Thank you, David. It's by Yahoo answers user. How can I
include? Oh, no, I fucked up. Cause they changed how the shit works. Nobody saved. Nobody y'all.
Thank you. Uh, thank you, David. It's by Yahoo answers user ghost gate who asks
how can I include my Guinea pig more in my daily life? Please help. Okay. So I have a male G pig
and I want to include him in my daily life. Okay. So from Monday to Friday, from like 7am to 4pm,
I'm at school. I let him walk in my room. Whoa. I let him walk in my room, but I want to have
him in all my daily stuff, such as when I go out or just pretty much in everything that's possible.
But I have a problem. It's a dumb problem, but it's affecting me. Problem is that I can't afford
to wash every day. I'm kind of broke. And so I can't change cloth every time he loses hair on me.
I know it's pretty stupid, but that's my situation. So do you recommend buying a G pig carrier or what
do I do? He doesn't have a buddy. Oh my God. This question. He also doesn't have a buddy. I know
they supposed to be in pairs and all, but I know my story and can't really afford another G pig.
So that's why I want him in my life more. And not just cause of that, but also cause I want like a
closer friend. No, I'm not a loner, but more of a close pet cause I enjoy pet interaction. So
please, please help me out and give me ideas with my weird problem. Please. Thank you. Signed Bill
Gates. Signed Bill Gates, inventor of the computer. Griffin at this point, can you edit in the sound
of me running down a long highway and jumping through a stained glass window? Because that's
what I emotionally, that's where I'm at right now. You didn't have to read it, man. That was like,
I felt like I was doing a Slylock Fox there. This gentleman, this gentleman can't afford to wash,
but can't afford to feed a G pig. How are your priorities? I think he can afford to wash his
body, but I don't think he can afford to like go to the laundromat every day because his stupid
fucking filthy pig rat got his stupid filthy hair all over his jeans and his shirts. Maybe like
invest in a lint roller. Maybe that would be a way that you could, or shower with your clothes on.
Or just put the G pig in like a Ziploc bag before you put it in your pocket.
That's a great idea, Trav. What's a G pig carrier?
I imagine it's a Ziploc bag. It's a lunchbox pretty much, right?
What's the point at that point? If you can't like, this is what I'm saying. How do you affix
this G pig to yourself in a manner that still makes it feel like you have an animal attached
to you? You know, back in the day, back in like French Revolution times, ladies would make their
hair into like a cage and keep live birds in it until the bird died. Maybe that. Maybe you make
like a G pig cage out of your hair and then the G pig rides on top of your head. Why would they
wait for the bird to die? Because they didn't care about it as a pet. It was just as a decoration.
Because they didn't know how to get it out. Well, that was also important. Guys, we fucked up again.
Oh, man. Listen, you did a great job with my hair, but how did you get the bird out? Ah,
fuck. I did it again. How didn't you notice there's a bird in my hair?
No, I put the bird in. I put the bird in there, but when I was constructing the framing
for your hair, I forgot the door part again. You left a bird in my hair. You know what's
going to happen. Somebody will take a picture of it. It's going to be in a history book.
People are going to think this is how we did it. Man, those people were dicks to their birds.
See, that's what they're going to say. I didn't want to burn my hair. I hate this. I hate this
haircut. Oh, God damn it. I love living in France though. I love France. I love France. God damn,
our bread's so good. Hey, y'all, hope we don't get beheaded. Oh, boy. You know who I'm into,
Napoleon. I wish someone had invented a moon pile already. Oh, shucks. Oh, hooks.
Oh, man. I'm so sunburnt right now. I've got sun delirium, and I'm hoping that it's going to
like let me tap in. I know what you're saying. Iron Man style. Get this. Can you embed the
guinea pig in your chest? And running on a wheel somehow that powers you? Oh, I love that. That
would be like a fun parody. What do you think? We could do like a fun parody, like one of those
those fucking hilarious scary movies, like those parodies that can be like superheroes,
and that could be like how we do Iron Man. The thing that bothers me most about this question
is the idea that this person lists their guinea pig have free reign over their room.
Crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy. That's crazy on many levels. One, what's it doing? Two,
two, can you think of anything less appealing when you finish a long day at work knowing you
have to go home and go on a G-Pig hunt? Is it in the laundry basket? Is it in the closet? Where is
it? It's small. It's hiding. Where didn't it poop? Where didn't it poop? I had a buddy in college who
had a hedgehog, which is like awesome. Like across the board, that's awesome. But he let it just roam
free in his house, in his whole house. And then like I would go over there, and every time I went
over there to hang out, it would be like instant dread. Like I'm going to step on this little thing
and it's gonna hurt me and kill him. I'm gonna sit on the wrong pillow. I'm gonna sit on the
wrong pillow and this hedgehog's gonna be fucking underneath it. And it's gonna be a fun prank,
but not fun, I guess, by any conceivable metric, because I will kill the animal.
I bought a moped in high school not knowing the social consequences that came with it.
Now that college is upon me, do I bring it to school or keep it at home and be forced to walk
around campus like the rest of my scholars? P.S. I bought the moped secondhand, and the previous
owner put a super loud exhaust on it to make it go fast. This subsequently makes me look like a
huge tool. That's from Easily Confused in New Hampshire. Efficiently, actually, which is weird
that you mess that up. I am so glad that they, this is textbook good question submission to
my brother and my brother and me, because if it had just been the first part, I would have been
like, I don't get the big deal. I think mopeds are pretty great. If I had one here in Austin,
I would use it to go everywhere. But the idea of having a super loud exhaust on it
takes this thing and turns it right on its head because the whole thing about a moped is that
you're supposed to be very, it's like a very discreet means of transport. It's a very ashamed,
it's an ashamed means. You don't have to feel shameful about it, but it's not like
something you want to be like, ah, moped, check me out. And if you put like a super banging exhaust
on it, like that's exactly what you do. It's like you put like 20 inch rims on your razor scooter,
like you stop it. You don't think about it. Sometimes when people own ostentatious things,
you tend to make assumptions about them. You don't think about the fact that they might've
just gotten stuck with it by happenstance. You know, it really makes you think, you know,
right? Like when I, when I inherited water, you know, when I inherited your Oldsmobile Cutlass
Sierra, right? Like I didn't have any choice in the matter. It was just the most balling car
in Huntington, Virginia at the time. And so like, I would drive around like bumping those speaker
rattling tunes that had broken off inside the car's cassette player. Um, and then people would
be like, man, what a jerk that guy must be with all of his money. I'd be like, sorry, sorry guys,
it's not me. It's my brother. He's the one who tricked us out. Sorry, player haters. Sorry,
player haters. I know the hood ornaments gone. That's what my brother did. And like,
I know it's a sick look, but it wasn't me. When the option is walking, the alternative has to be
better. So you just have to make peace with the fact that you're the guy with the loud electric
bicycle. Is that what a moped is? It's basically an electronic bicycle. I actually completely
agree with Justin on this one. Do you, Travis? I do. See that's two out of three. That's a majority.
So complete is your guy's hatred of, of, of ambulation. You would rather be like piggybacked.
My life, Griffin, my day to day life is trying to figure out how to make the least amount of trips
to and from someplace. If it means loading up my arms in a painful manner, just so I do not have
to walk back to somewhere to get more things and go back, I will do it because walking is so awful.
Why is it? It's like what we did for a billion years.
Yes. And animals see us walking and they're like, ah, we're equals. We're not equals.
You stupid idiots. And then the, you know, they hop on their mopeds.
They're all squirrel mopeds. Can you imagine? Can you imagine?
They're sitting on a Stewart Little.
Oh God.
I love them so much.
I love them when I squeeze them and squeeze them. Oh, I killed them again.
Listen, I don't think mopeds have, have a, I think you are imagining a moped stigma.
Do you guys, let me ask you two. Do you have especially harsh feelings about mopeds?
No.
Uh, jealousy, I guess. Cause like usually if I see one I'm walking.
Cause otherwise I'm not going to notice. I'm just going to assume it's like a tiny motorcycle.
If you saw a man going on one of those giant bikes with the one huge wheel and one really
small wheel, you would see that and be like, fuck that dude's cool cause he's not walking.
And I am like a chump.
Yup. It doesn't matter what it is. If I see a guy on a dead horse,
I'm going to think the same thing. Man, man, he's not moving especially fast.
If I see a guy rolling down a hill in a barrel, I'm like, nice.
You know, I brought, uh, Jeremy Larson bought a moped, a scooter when we were living in
Cincinnati together. And I was jealous on it both because it was better than walking
and more fuel efficient than driving.
It's a super good way to get around.
Yeah. It's good. If anybody gives you shit, just say like uses less gas than your car.
Yeah. Fucking asshole.
But that, whoa, that's the thing. When you're riding on this super loud moped,
you need to just be yelling shit constantly. Like, sorry, it's so loud.
It's solar powered. It runs on the sun.
Sun power is loud. What can you do?
What can you do about it? That's not the motor. That's just my farts.
I don't know why that would help. I don't know why that would help anything,
but you should do it anyway. Let me know how it goes.
Just don't walk. Please think about this.
Think of the children.
Think of the children. You have to walk. Dear brothers, I am six months pregnant.
Congratulations.
Thank you. So many people in my life, whether they have kids or not,
keep giving me advice and I hate it. How can I politely or not so politely
tell them I don't want their opinion? That's from preggers on the Pacific coast.
You just gently rub your stomach and say, I'm ignoring you for two.
I just asked my wife. I don't know. She should be the one.
This should be my brother and my brother and Sydney and me.
Yeah. I'm sure she's getting like, you got to rub oatmeal on your tummy and your underarms.
Like she let me just get her real quick and then she could just feel this one for me.
She can pinch hit. Sure. Yeah.
Okay. Hold on one second. Hi. How are you guys?
How are you? How's the baby so far? So good. I can feel her kicking a lot more now.
That's weird. I said, is it rude if I ask if you're showing, I forget where you are.
Oh no, I am. I'm I'm over five months now. So yeah.
Have people started to awkwardly touching your stomach without permission?
All the time. Awesome. It's terrible. Totally great.
So this person is saying they're six months pregnant. So a bit more pregnant than you.
Not that it's a competition. Not that it's a competition
with this person's winning. Maybe pick up the pace.
Try to rush her along. They keep getting advice. Well, we don't know if it's a he or she.
They keep getting advice and they, that was a joke and they hate getting the advice from people
and they want to know how they can politely turn it down. How much of this are you,
how much of this shit do you have to eat every day?
A lot, which is surprising because you'd think that like,
it'd be limited somewhat by the fact that I'm a doctor.
Right. That's the thing. Right. Like you are at a place I think where babies happen a lot
all the time. Yeah.
There are a lot of babies happening. And so like, I would assume that there's like a lot of people
like, let me tell you what I did. But like you, you, you went to school for like a hundred years.
You know, everything about every physiological issue ever. How can somebody have the hubris
to be like, let me tell you one thing you didn't know about babies. Don't shake them shits.
Like I super know that.
Well, it's, I think it's one of those things where every woman thinks and maybe I should
say rightfully so once they've been through it, once they've been through the whole, you know,
40 weeks of pregnancy and then the labor process that they have earned the right to tell everybody
else how to do it. And I think it's well-intentioned. I mean, most that's,
most of the advice I get is from women who are pregnant.
Nobody maliciously is like, uh, just, uh, do it in a toilet.
I think, I think they really think like, oh, this will really help her out. This will really,
she, I bet she doesn't know that she's going to get nauseous. I'll tell her about it.
Have you ever had a point with someone like giving you advice where you've wanted to say like,
Hey, just shut up. I don't get out of my, I don't care.
Yeah. I, you know, what was funny is, uh, I have all these books that, uh, like about pregnancy
updates, like fun stuff for each week and thing. And they, one of them says specifically, like how
to deal with people giving you advice. And it tells you to just be polite, which is what I try
really hard to do is just say, Oh, thanks. And nod and smile and walk away. Um, but it's really hard
at, cause a lot of the time I'll just snap back. Yeah, I know. I know I basically know everything.
Got it, chief. Thanks. I catch myself doing this a lot, uh, or I have, and I'm trying to curb it,
um, vis-a-vis marriage because a lot of my friends are getting engaged out here in Austin and
Rachel and I were like, one of the first, I would say couples to, to get married. And so like,
I catch myself like saying to people like, you just got to make sure to really like in the moment,
just really treasure it because, and I like barf in my own mouth and I'm like, I'm so sorry. I don't
know what that was. I don't know who that was. I'm sorry. No, we all do it. I think Justin and I
probably did it to both of you guys at your weddings. I mean, I think that's human nature.
And I try to take a video with your mind posted on your soul Facebook. What are you saying to
me right now? Just remember all the people who were here and how happy they were. And
has anyone given you advice that you were like, Oh shit, that's tight. Yeah. Great. I'm going to
do that. Um, you know, I didn't know about actually, I don't know if it's sort of advice,
kind of a tip you and Rachel gave me that snuggle. Oh yeah. I didn't know that existed. Well, I mean,
that's sort of like my whole game now is all about maximizing my, my sleeping structures.
I'm sorry. I'm going to need someone to clarify for me what a snoogle is.
Is it a snoogle or a snoodle? Snoogle. Okay. And it is what now? It's this giant pillow,
like this long worm like pillow that kind of coils up and you can just wrap yourself like
completely in it when you sleep. What? Yeah. Awesome. It's basically every sort of human
invention and like thing that we have as a species have like figured out has culminated
in the snoogle. Um, because it really takes your sleeping game. Can I, can I ask you a question
Sydney, because you are now far more experienced with the snoogle than I am. Is it weird if I get
one, even though I am not now, nor will I ever be pregnant and Rachel, Rachel will get pregnant at
some point, but this is my snoogle actually, babe. Um, we can get a second one off Amazon, babe,
but this one's mine. I've like sort of impressed onto it. My body contours already. You can have
matching his and her snoogles. Oh no, because I wouldn't want to get it confused and then
accidentally sleep using her snoogles and her impressions because that's a fate worse than
death. It's, I think it's fine. Cause I fully intend to continue to sleep with this after I
am no longer pregnant. Yeah. It's fantastic. Um, excellent. But, but most of the advice I get
is not as helpful as the snoogle. Um, well no, cause that's actionable stuff. It's like if,
if every piece of advice I got came with a hammock, I'd be like tight. Yes, I will take,
I will take that. I will make my pizzas with a pizza stone. Thank you for the advice in the
hammock. No, a lot of people want to give me advice about what they ate to like keep them
from being nauseous. I've found that's the most common advice. And I keep telling people like,
Oh, thanks. I'm not really nauseous anymore. Thanks. Just a Tina's pizzas is like basically
it. Thank you though. I just want pizzas. And then a lot of people want to tell me about how
I'm not going to sleep. This is why it always seems to me like the advice is like a schadenfreude
kind of thing where it's like, well, you know, you're not going to sleep. You're going to puke
a lot. You might poop yourself. It's like, it always is like this. It's, it never sounds helpful
to me. You never know how bad it's going to be. Listen here. You think you know some shit. You
don't know shit. It's going to be so much worse. That's exactly what it is. That's what people just
want to tell you how bad things are going to get. And I don't know. I don't know what at the end,
but Oh, but at the end you don't sleep ever again after it. You don't sleep over again,
but they always cap it off with the same thing. Whatever terrible thing they've told you,
you're going to never sleep. You're going to get puked all over. It's going to be awful.
Then they say, Oh, but it's all worth it. It's all so much worth it. It's so worth it. It's like,
well yeah, I freaking hope so. Or at this point, even if it's not, I'm kind of in too deep.
I've committed myself. Yeah. We're at that. We're just going for it. So, so I don't know. My best,
my best answer is I just, I try to stay calm and I don't listen a lot and I nod and smile.
You should give them advice about how to fix whatever, um, like physical thing they might
have wrong with them. Um, it looks like you're like, Hey, how's your diabetes going? Well,
I mean, you don't have to go that personal. You can do like, Oh, great. Here's some advice about
how to like make your bangs work for you. Cause right now they're working against you.
That would work. Cause I don't know anything about that. So it would be good.
You're fighting, you're fighting your bangs right now. You need to work with them as a team.
You know, if all else fails, this works for me. I just say, Ooh, I've got to go pee again
and walk away. That's you are not going to be able to play that smoke bomb card for much longer. You
need to savor it while you can. There you go. I try to do that same thing now and people just
look at me like I'm disgusting. I'm going to go pee. I got to pee later. Now see when pregnancy,
you got to revel in that. Oh, I've got to pee again. And everybody always understands it.
And then it's adorable too. Oh, she's got to pee again. Oh, cause there's a baby in there.
Um, Sydney, do you want to thank you for sharing some light on shedding some light on this? Do you
want to take us to the money zone? Sure. I'll, I'll drive us there. Justin usually says like a thing,
like, uh, um, if you need to support a baby, yeah, stuff like that. Like he usually does like a fun
thing like that or something about us needing money. So, um, here's some great pregnancy advice
for everybody. If you're gonna raise a child, you know what you need for that? You need to
if you're gonna raise a child, you know what you need for that? What? Lots of money. There you see.
That was great. Was that good? Yeah. Got a message to Alita from Will. It's, uh,
I guess rhyming couplets, I guess. Are you, you get really, really uncomfortable with having to
like be a vessel for other people's romance. No, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope. I was gonna
make it really erotic. Yeah. That's because he can't not. Oh boy. Dripping with eroticism. No,
no, no, no. Let Justin do it. You're ruining it. You filled me with love and joy since before I
got on one knee, but marriage to you is greater still. It's how we were meant to be. I know not
what next year will bring, the sights that we will see, but I don't care where you go
as long as it's with me. Happy first real life married anniversary. I don't know if they meant
for that last part to rhyme. You definitely made it work. I just did my best. I'm sorry, Alita. No,
Will. I'm sorry, guys. I'm sorry, Alita. That's both of you. That's your celeb name. See, that's
the best gift we can give them. Yeah, you got a celeb name. Not a big deal. Griffin Trav. Travis.
Yes. We got any other important messages? Yeah, this one is for Jody, and it's from
Bayon or Bayon? Bayon. Say all of them and they can just. Yeah, that's just for the Justin McElroy
scattershot method. This is for Jody from Bayon, Bayon, Bayon, Bayon, Bayon. Bayon,
Bayon. Wait, Wayman, Wayman. Vega. This is from Vega from Street Fighter. Hey, Bubby, what's up?
Hope you're having a sweet day, but why don't you go ahead and open up that glove compartment and
see what's inside? Oh, Jesus. What's that you say? Travis, what is that? I can't, I can't take it.
A gun? Is it a gun? Oh my God. A ring? Dun, dun, dun. Will you marry me? Oh my God. God, Bayon.
It was a gun. Get down. Oh no, get out of the car. Get out of, just kidding. Say yes, God.
Say yes to the gun. That is beautiful. I'm so happy. Congratulations. No, I know there's,
right now there's, oh, listen, we, we should like just give them a minute. Cause right now there's
like that afterglow where it's like, I can't believe this is happening. I can't believe
Travis asked me to marry him. I can't believe you did it like this. This is so romantic. What were
you thinking Bayon, you asshole? I want to mention something. What I, my favorite thing about this,
uh, proposal, let them, we'll give them their moment. Yeah. And the rest of us will talk over
here. Bayon, just like turn the volume down for like a minute. Cause we're going to say dumb
shit and we're just going to like step all over your magic moment. Yeah. So have your magic moment,
pause it and then come back. My favorite thing about this message is that it says,
it literally says dramatic pause on here, but there is no dramatic pause. The dramatic pause
is between a ring question mark and will you marry me? So not a dramatic pause as the contents
of the glove compartment are revealed, but a dramatic pause is the reality. What could this
ring mean? What is this ring? We also don't know if we gave, if we gave Jody enough time to open
the glove compartment to see what she might've had hands full of taco bell. Why don't she listen to
this while she's like sitting in bed? I love compartment. I don't know what you mean. What
if the money zone starts on this episode and Bayon's driving and he just keeps discouraging
her from picking things up. Put that down, put that down, put it down. Keep your hands free.
Keep your hands free. You are holding, you are double fisting Crunchwrap Supremes right now.
You need to put at least one of them down because I need you to have a free hand. If not both,
cause I'm worried about you. Also. Yes. That's too many Crunchwraps. Speaking of snacking smarter.
Hold on. Let's congratulations Jody and Bayon. We're very, very, very happy. Thank you for sharing
your, your super special moment with us. That's incredibly nice. We have a mission for you.
Listeners. A mission. You're a snack smarter and you're going to get in shape by summer.
Your enemy, the vending machine. Don't go running. What just happened? What? Did Travis just drop
off? No, no. He was just on my sales pitch. Okay. You guys were just like trading. Sorry.
Well, it was like, that's what it sounds like when people get into a rhythm. I know it's so,
so rare on our show that you think that we're having technical difficulties when people are
actually actually communicating. Is Skype breaking up? Now we're just like working together and like
having a conversation like without talking all over each other. It's weird. Anyway. Naturebox
is a company that is going to put great tasting snacks right in your mailbox. They're not just
great tasting. Right in your face. A Naturebox funnel technician will kick in your door and start
jamming it right down there. They got BBQ kettle kernels. They got everything. Bagel sticks.
They got South Pacific plantain chips and over a hundred more options. Wow. Really? Yeah. Have they
been expanding their game? Their game is like elevated. Every time you go back, they have,
they legally have to have new snacks based on what I just said. So salted caramel pretzel pops
are my jam. I would also recommend they have some like French toast granola. That's like really,
really good if you want that. And it's all like real. There's no like high fructose corn syrup
or artificial stuff or like non GMO. And I know your mouth's watering right now. The good news
is that we can get you some on the cheap. Get your first Naturebox right now for 50% off.
You go to naturebox.com forward slash my brother. They, the deal is they send you a new box every
month. You can choose what snacks or you can go hog wild and let them choose. And, uh, uh,
but I would recommend customizing cause you know, you want the, you want the stuff that
suits your lifestyle. Yeah. It's almost summer. It's time to get fit. And if you order this on
April fool's day and you let them choose and you're going to get like bugs and shoelaces.
And bug shoes and bug shoelaces. Stay full, stay strong. Go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
That's naturebox.com slash my brother. Uh, also my brother, my brother and me is supported by
Squarespace, which is the all in one platform that makes it fast and easy to create your own
professional website or online portfolio. Uh, it's a, it's a platform. A lot of, uh, people,
I think who listen to the show are familiar with it because they've, they've helped us out with
sponsorships before. Uh, but they've been improving the platform really frequently since, since, uh,
since they started advertising with us, there's new features and designs and better support for
the platform. They have a new, like sort of, uh, uh, uh, tailored, like pre-made designs that you
can start with and a lot of options to change it. And so to look tight to begin with, and then you
can change, you know, how it is tight for you. And every space has a, it, they have responsive
design, which means that no matter what device you're looking at this webpage on, it's going to
look awesome. Uh, and you know, when I like, when I'm going to make a webpage, I don't know when
inspiration is going to strike, you know, I don't know when I'm going to want to work on my webpage.
Maybe I'll want it to do in the afternoon or 3 am or whatever. I got to follow the muse. Sure.
The good news is that they're available. They got to support you available 24 seven. So whenever the
web muse strikes me, I can just go on, go get some help or just you get super drunk on white wine
and then you need someone to talk to. Give them a call 24 seven. They're there. How do I website
like go back? They'll talk you down from a bad LSD trip. You need to drink three waters.
Go drink three waters. Get in bed. Somebody get this man, some orange juice and graham cracker
and stay calm. You need to spend to the chill out to it. You need to get him to the job.
10. He needs to drink three waters. He needs to urinate. You need to urinate, sir. And flush
these toxins. I want to make a website. I want to make a website. There's a gorilla in my chair.
How do I get the grill out? So I can sit down on my desk and do my typing
inside. The gorilla is stealing my.com. My gorilla put the bottom in his mouth and he's
drinking all the internet in the world. The grill is still stronger. He's a genius. We're all doomed.
So go to square face.com and use the offer code my brother. That's all one word. My brother.
Get 10% off your first purchase. Square space. Square pace. Choose a different name
for your hosting service. Square space. A better web starts with your website. I'm Dave Holmes.
I'm the new host of International Waters, the transatlantic comedy show where land laws
do not apply. I am here with one of our writers, Sarah Morgan from the UK. Hello,
Sarah. Hi, Dave. How are you doing? I didn't understand a word you just said. Could you
explain International Waters and how it works? It's a transatlantic panel game. We have teams
based in the UK and in LA, and basically people try to be funnier more than they try to know
things. I caught about half of that. Find International Waters on maximumfun.org.
Thank you for your attention. I will see you on International Waters. Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Please. This one was sent in by Charles Decker. Thanks, Charles. It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Wait for it to load on Yahoo's new shitty website. This is asked by Yahoo Answers user Travelman
who asks, how do Popeye's employees know you've eaten there before?
Oh, the first time I have to say anything else, I get it.
The first time I went there, they just said welcome to Popeye's.
But now they always say welcome back to Popeye's. How do they know I've eaten there before?
Hmm. Statistically speaking-
Everyone's eating. Everyone's eating at Popeye's.
I have to tell you guys, I've never eaten at Popeye's.
I've never eaten at a fucking Popeye's. Griffin, you haven't fucked, you fucking liar.
When did I eat at a Popeye's? When there was a Popeye's, there was a Popeye's like
right across the main road from our apartment when we lived in Batavia.
And you just assumed that I fucking hoved over there at some point.
No, we ate there together. I brought you back some Popeye's,
we ate it together like brothers. It was a special goddamn moment in our
relationship. It was a moment.
How could you fucking forget that? I can't believe you don't remember it.
Right, but I can't- When we finally became brothers.
If I cross the threshold of the Popeye's, are they gonna be like, hey, I know you've
never been here before, but you've consumed our products, so welcome here.
Welcome back for the first time, if you know what I mean.
Griffin McElroy, Social Security Number 138311412.
I'm sensing a real opportunity to open one of these in Huntington.
Just because, like, there isn't one and everyone needs it to stay alive?
Yeah, apparently everyone's been there except all of us, so maybe if I open one-
You open a- You open a Popeye's, and right next door, Jack in the Box,
and you'll be a very rich man. Did you guys hear the news, by the way?
We got a- We got a Chipotle now, so you have to come back.
I know, we talked about this in the last- We talked about this in the last-
We talked about it- You can come back.
It- But it opened. But it opened.
You think- Hold up, you think that's why Travis and I bounced, is we were like,
no big fat burritos? I can't get any Chipotle here.
I just figured that's why you left. It w- I knew it wasn't me,
so I figured it was Chipotle. It wasn't you?
It was guacamole. It's the guacamoles.
I've- I haven't been to Popeye's, but I guess they're- Okay, I have an answer.
I think that they say welcome back to Popeye's, because if they said welcome to Popeye's,
what that puts on the employees is this expectation
that you're gonna have to explain all the nuance to ordering at Popeye's.
You have to give them the full sales pitch. None of them want to do that.
So to circumvent having to walk you through the experience of choosing your breading
and biscuit combos, they say welcome back to Popeye's and just assume that you know the drill.
Sure. It's like when you run into somebody at a party,
and you can't remember if you've met them before,
um, and so you just go, hey man! Like that.
Exactly. That's exactly- Yes, that's exactly.
And then of course, you haven't met them before, and you look like a fucking crazy person.
But if you commit to it, they look like they have amnesia.
Right. Right.
Does Popeye's embed all of us with secret ID chips in traps all around?
Oh, yeah. Okay.
I mean, I just- I mean, I know it was a pretty obvious question. I just wanted to like-
You think that's what the spice is made out of? Secret ID chips?
Is there spice on that- on that food?
On that food?
No, if you don't get it spicy.
Okay.
But they strongly recommend you get it spicy, otherwise they can't track you.
That's how I stayed off the grid this long.
Listen, Suga, how are we gonna be able to keep tabs on you, sweet baby?
Who is this employee?
That's the lady who's in their commercials.
She's like a southern sort of southern lady who welcomes you back with open arms.
Come on and eat on my nano machines.
Don't you want to get super strong, Suga?
I'll activate the dailiest protocol.
That's my guarantee to you, Suga. Just go ahead and suck them down.
Suck down these marrow bones.
You'll get to jump super high and we'll know everything that you buy and eat.
No problem.
They can talk to your credit card.
That's convenient, Suga.
Oh boy.
Is it okay to play music from my phone to cover up any possible sounds made
while using a bathroom at work or in public?
And that- this person has-
Holy shit, the bravery.
This person has neglected to come up with a clever nom de plume.
Should we- it was clearly an accident that he didn't do this.
Can we come up with one for him, please?
Sure.
All right, let's- what do we know about him?
We know his name is Kirk and he lives in Maryland.
And he uses the bathroom and he's apparently real, real noisy in there.
Okay, so I don't know-
Whatever he's doing in there, he's making a significant amount of decibels doing it.
That's from-
Decibel-deucing in Maryland.
That's from decibel-deucing in Maryland.
So, I think that's too obvious.
The best thing you could do is wait for flush windows, which I think we've all done, right?
Your- your problem isn't that this is-
Your problem is that it's obvious that if you-
if you go to the bathroom and the person in the stall next to you
is fucking rocking out to Splish Splash, I was taking a bath,
then you think like, oh, that person's playing music because they're pooping.
You don't think, why is there music in the bathroom right now?
I mean, because that's- okay, not to get a little blue,
but the sound- pooping sounds belong in the bathroom.
No one is upset by hearing those.
I am upset.
They make cringe.
Every could I-
They make cringe slightly.
Every time.
I'm not kidding.
I'm a grown ass man.
I just bought a house.
I own land.
If I hear someone make loud poop sounds in the bathroom in the stall next to me,
I have to suppress a laugh every time.
I have to suppress a laugh every time, 100% of the time.
Okay, this might sound outlandish to a lot of people listening right now.
When I was in Japan, all of their fucking super toilets
that beat the shit out of our toilets, our dumb caveman toilets,
have incredible buttons on them,
like one that will blow a sweet scent into your butt
and one that will shoot water into your butt.
A lot of things involving putting things in your butt to make it a better butt.
What it also has is a noise button that you can play
and it will make the sound very, very loud,
shockingly, surprisingly loud, of just running water.
This is good for two reasons.
One, it helps sort of get things going.
Two, it disguises your shame with the sound that's already pretty natural in the bathroom,
but better than the alternative of the sound that your butt is definitely already making.
Yeah, no response to that.
That's because you both realized that all three of us live in the wrong fucking country.
Yeah.
You know, what I found when I was in Scotland is that they've developed technology
in which when the stall doors close, they overlap so that you cannot peek through them.
I really appreciate that.
There are, if you're gonna play music,
there are a couple of things that are important to do.
The first one is you have to also say out loud,
where is that music coming from?
Are they piping that in so you can cover up that it's coming from you?
Second, play something that's gonna blend in really nicely,
like perhaps the music of 311,
that is largely indistinguishable from the sound of someone making a mountain.
Is audiobooks better?
You know what?
No, because then you might think someone's talking to you.
What about live streaming like NPR?
Do you think there's somebody who uses our podcast to poop too secretly?
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, just statistically, yes.
Maybe, could you play loud, like whimsical pooping sounds
to cover your real ass pooping sounds?
Just like go Elton John on the fart piano?
Yeah, seems to me.
But then, because then whoever is listening will be like,
ah, some jokester.
Some jokester and he was trying to make a joke.
And then you do that enough and then you become the office jokester.
It's like, ah, that's Kirk.
Dude, oh shit, I said his name.
No, I'm sorry, Kirk.
Now everyone will know that Kirk poops.
You become the office jokester.
If you're in Maryland and you meet a Kirk, just know this,
he has made a vowel movement.
He has made at least one whoopsie daisy.
If you become Kirk the office jokester on the fart piano
and everybody knows when they hear that,
then like, oh, it's just Kirk acting a fool.
And then you can start phasing the application out.
Then you can start phasing the app out of the rotation.
Yeah, just then when you make a vowel movement,
all you have to do is shout, get it?
Oh, that's over him.
Oh, I love that.
He's using the fart sax button.
That is a fart sax solo.
That's my very, very favorite button on his fart piano app.
No, it's not.
He doesn't.
All right, listen, thank you guys so much
for hanging out with us this week.
We hope you had a lot of fun.
One last thank you to everybody who gave in the Max Fun Drive.
We crushed previous records.
We had over 2,500 new donors and upgrading donors.
That's amazing.
That's fucking bananas, guys.
Thank you so much.
I thought maybe this was gonna be the year
when everybody was finally like,
we're giving money to this?
But instead they were like, we need to give money to this.
It's unbelievable.
So thank you guys.
You're the absolute best, best, best.
Make sure you listen to some other programs
on the Maximum Fun Network.
We've got a lot now.
Got a lot of different offerings for you.
There's the Goose Down is very funny.
Lady to Lady is very funny.
Oh no, Ross and Carrie is another great one.
Bullseye.
If you liked when Sydney stepped in
and helped us out with a question
and you haven't listened to Sawbones yet,
first of all, what's the matter with you?
Second of all, go listen to Sawbones.
Justin and Sydney host it and it's awesome.
So thanks to people tweeting about the show.
Rhodes Clark got his donation in under the wire.
So thank you so much.
Thank you to Tim Brick and A. Foster
and Paperback Princess Emile Dallaire.
I'll just take a shot there.
Alyssa Jefferson, Nick, John Rom, Ashley,
Honey Boy, The Tontons, so many others.
Thank you so much for tweeting about our program.
The Tontons are a band by the way.
I know, I feel so bad they invited me to come hang out
at one of their shows here in Austin
and I was too busy getting horribly, horribly sunburned
in a different city or else it would have been there.
Thanks again to Nature Box.
You can order all the snacks you want
and you can get in shape for summer with healthy treats
like the barbecue kettle kernels
and you get 50% off your first order
because you listen to us and we think you're awesome.
So go to naturebox.com slash my brother,
get 50% off your first order.
Trust me, check it out.
They've got awesome shit there and we're all big fans.
And a big thanks to John Roderick of the Long Winters
for the East Front Team song It's a Departure
off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
We've been singing the praises of that album for a long time
but it really is very good.
Do wish there was a new album to talk about and promote.
I would like that very much.
I would like that very, very much if that could happen.
But you know what?
The wind is gonna blow where it's gonna blow
and you can't change it.
But you can't control the wind.
Can't control the wind and what is John Roderick but the wind?
He is the wind of people.
Anyway, thank you John and company.
We are going to be performing a live show on May 24th
at the People's Improv Theater in beautiful New York City.
As you may have seen, tickets for that are sold out
but we are going to be releasing more tickets Wednesday at noon.
So just go to the pit-nyc.com and you will be able
to get those tickets Wednesday around noon-ish.
So keep an eye out.
We don't actually like the ones pulling the trigger
so we can't guarantee at noon but that's the plan.
Wednesday at noon, more tickets.
I think that's gonna do it for us.
Kripp, do you have a question that you could maybe read for us
from Yahoo and then we can kind of think about it
in the intervening week and we'll answer it next week?
Oh, absolutely.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Brian Couch.
Thank you, Brian.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Calamity who asks,
how do I keep my son from naming my grandson YOLO?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
In each episode, a musician takes apart one of their songs
and piece by piece tells you the story of how it was made.
You get an inside look into the creative and technical process
and a unique view of a song by hearing just the drums
or just the guitars or say just a Wurlitzer piano.
If you're a fan of music, if you make music
or if you just like to learn how things are made,
come check it out on MaximumFun.org.
Thanks.
