The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists. He's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall. I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
Hello everybody welcome to the party everybody get up inside a slam now
We got my brother, my brother and me going now. Wake into the space jam
It's your chance
Now don't touch the back or just put it in the hoop. I'm Justin one of them's Travis one of them's Griffin. Listen
Here's the thing
Yeah, big dog. Yeah
Here's the thing. Okay space jam did come out a week ago as the code flies
As we're recording this a week ago and we fucked up because we accidentally did a whole episode about fucking lame-ass parties
Yeah, and then I got off the call and as I was getting off the calls like oh my god
We talked about space and not jam about it. We were so close because a fucking Jeff Bezos. Yeah
Like he always does distracted us from the important
Let's actually start there if I could okay, it's a new film space jam a new legacy which Griffin and I have enjoyed it
I have yes, um and Travis has not partake in it has not partaken yet. I want to say one thing up front
This is not part of talking about but like this why we haven't started talking about it
We haven't this is this is the preamble
This is the horse do verse to the conversation about why is it called space jam?
Because they can't
Not in this one space was in the first one if you remember
cyberspace in it
Now cyberspace jam would have been a much better name cyberspace jam is actually a fucking great name because cyberspace is in it
Okay, Travis. I'm just gonna tell Griffin and I are gonna be telling you wild shit about this movie
Okay, and I don't want to try to what you had pitched is like we would make things up. I don't even think
We okay. I have the game. Are you ready for the game?
Griffin and I are gonna tell you wild shit about space jam a new legacy
Okay, but each wild thing we tell each other has to top the the wild previous thing of the previous thing
Okay, so if we go deep in the paint too early and Travis if the other one can't come up with a wild thing that
Tops the previous wild thing then we start a new round and you're the judge. Okay. Okay, great. Great. Okay
So try and start low juice. There's a lot don't don't come at it with a
Hot, okay. No, here's okay. Here's what we'll do. Here's how we make it fair, right?
Justin well, whoever goes first right has to if the other person can't top there's top their own to show that it could have been
Spelling be rules. Yes, we should also say that like
Spoilers
Industry now so like everybody worked really hard on this
Jordan is in it
But not that Michael Jordan
What?
It's a great gag
I almost feel like this is the only the only spoilable thing about the film so like we did warn you at the top
We warned you at the top. It's a fucking great gag. I like Michael B. Jordan or something. Yeah, but it's Michael B
Jordan, it's so fucking funny
Except for it does kind of lean into like some some unsettling things about the linden's perception of human beings
Yeah, because they do think it is the Michael Jordan that they are dear friends with. Yeah, and spend
Time with there's a codicil there where Sylvester says it has been 25 years which then sent me made me feel like a mummy
Yeah, maybe feel like a old
Griffin can you beat that?
there's a
matrix parody in which
men shoot at Speedy Gonzales with deadly guns
Weaponry they shoot realistic guns
Bullets, I mean it's a it's essentially a clip from the matrix, but they did put
You know what you speed round that whole sequence. Let's just ping pong it back and forth
I take back my Speedy Gonzales being shot at because that is part for the course for the Looney Tunes
I am going to say Travis there is a
good
Long chunk of Austin Powers in the travel good. There's like a good bit of Austin Powers in this one
Yes
Powers has been in the movie for about 20 years and it's in Space Jam because they go into like
Do a scene of that they do a scene where they're in Austin Powers
Yeah, Trav Trav trap that okay. So that was Griffin mine is they do a scene
in the Mad Max, what? Mad Max, Ferry, Rebel Brawn and fucking Bugs are huffing paint and fucking chasing Valhalla
Yeah and fucking Oily Coyote has a sign in his hand that says witness
And listen, I saw a lot of haters out there saying wow, what a fucking
Cash-in sellout the best. It's good. That's good stuff. It's so good
It's so good. That's good that that happened. It's not bad that that happened
It's actually good and I would say Looney Griffin top that
God I mean, okay
We could even start with John Cheadle is a cyber man who steals
LeBron James's son and takes him to teach him that it's okay
He's not good at basketball and that's okay to be good at video games. Yeah, that's a great lesson
but it turns because then LeBron James's son is like
I don't care if this leads to the destruction of mankind. I'm gonna beat my dad at cyber basketball
So we're in a hook situation is what you're saying. Exactly. It's exactly a hook situation
Does that top?
Now Travis I have a question though was Griffin's thing an escalation or do I get a point?
Well, I want to say Justin gets a point because the only way it would have been an escalation is if it was John
Cheadle as Don Cheadle doing this. It's his name is algae rhythm. Uh-huh. Okay, we've discussed this
We just we can't pretend like that's news to us
We've discussed it on the show next round you start. Yeah, I start off. Okay
Um, there's a rap battle with Porky Pig and
Algae rhythm I say a rap battle. It's pretty one-sided. I don't think algae rhythm ever gets a hand on the ball
Yeah, rads are weird. They're a rap battle where algae rhythm does not produce does not wrap and so wrecked by Porky Pig
Probably but he comes at it with you expect him to be like the
And like come at it with some like real rap God energy
Yeah, some real twista energy, but it's very he raps very slow and bad
Yeah, I was actually kind of getting pumped up because I felt like it would actually be kind of fun to watch Porky Pig
absolutely
destroy
People like he does
But he don't but it sucks. It sucks shit. They even do the like, you know the meme where the guys like kind of
Reacting to the rap battle and and it's that one where he's like running across the screen with you know
She saw it but they're acting like it's a very big
Win when it is actually just like about as good as Porky Pig. I would think would do a rap
What they should have done and I haven't seen it
But maybe this does happen
They should have instead had to be like a king speech thing where someone teaches Porky Pig not to stutter
I think that's the whole movie. Yeah
That would be way more exciting to me. Okay, I got I got one as long as we're keeping a little mile here
LeBron
The story is about LeBron as a father and he does have kids in it. Uh-huh, but they're not his kids
They're made up
They're made up kids that are based on his kids LeBron James has actual kids in real life. Yes
They did not cast those kids. No, not only did they not cast those kids the names have been changed to fictional kids
But LeBron does not have I see I see I see that's pretty weird, but I'm gonna say give Griffin that point
Okay, because that's not super wild to me because I don't know if I got a chance to invent better versions of my kids
It's not that my kids are great. Yeah, I take it. I'll give him my like I can understand the reasoning behind it
It is a wild thing though. Griffin. Yeah any other ones just bump it around your head. Oh
Oh god, I'll just drop one then cuz like I feel like the pace. Let's do just like lightning round
It doesn't even have the top. It's just like whoever can't come up with a wild thing. Here's one trap
Hey trap. Yeah, here's one. Yeah
When LeBron and the Looney Tunes are playing in basketball
The they are being watched by Voldemort and the look he'd Phoenix Joker. Wait
Wait, what? Oh, okay, and I'm gonna take it one up top. Well, I'm gonna take I'm on one. Oh, wait
You can't just say that
And while they're playing basketball they are also being watched by
The fucking dudes from Clockwork Orange is also in it
Watching it and they're like we love basketball and it's like I don't I've I've never seen the Clockwork Orange film
But I do believe those those gentlemen are quite quite rotten
Uh, it's like watching videos though. I yeah seems a vaguely recalled that
yeah, but in the in the stands in the audience because the premise is like
That it's inside the servers of all of Warner Brothers
So all their IP gets to come watch them play basketball
So more a thinly veiled reference to like white supremacy
Yeah, Nazi is it was like I would like to watch the basketball the more it's there though. Joe
Call me Baltimore the serious murder Joker and not the fun Joe fun Joker
They could have had fun Joker and but they do have fun penguin. How about that?
Fuck yeah, but not Danny DeVito
Well, that would have been abs now Travis that would have been even too wild for space
Yeah, if that's that fish sucking monster had been there in the stands watching them get wild
Fuck this fuck. Let's talk about the goon squad. Yeah
so the goon squad is
based on scans of actual players in the NBA and WNBA like the monster and
but but
They've been given they've been blended with other
Things like us. There's a snake woman and a spider person and a guy who can turn into water and also fire
and so they set all this up like oh this kid scan these players with his phone and now they've got
Superpowers and that's the team and then about halfway through the game Don Cheadle's like but check out my
Time-traveling robot that's also on the team and it's like who the
Get ready for Kronos the basketball player who can freeze time
It's like I thought everybody was based on actual players that had special props. No, okay
We're just like a step line a hat on a hat where it's like I'm wearing a hat and I built a hat store on
Top of yes and imagine Travis and Space Jam 1 if Swackhammer the big alien mean boss
I was like this games not going the way I want
I'm gonna eat some basketball power to get huge too cuz the algae rhythm does that and he's like fuck this
I'm playing now and you get to see a huge muscle II just ripped Don Cheadle
But you know, yeah, I understand that they play fast and loose with the rules these games, but that can't be allowed
Oh, don't worry about it rules have gone completely out the fucking window the game at the end of Space Jam 2 is a disgrace
To pass it's not it. Yeah, it's embarrassing
It's like the scene in my ducks when the ducks get so funny and he's like that was actually too funny
Yeah, and I'm back being Gordon Bombay the lawyer now, and I'm mad again. Yeah. Yeah now I'm mad at you guys juice
I just did a few. I'm sorry. You know, it's all good. It's all good. I'm I got one for you Travis
I got one for you. I should have mentioned that the Night King from gamer fans is also watching and play best, huh?
They're having fun. Yeah, he's killed a lot of people. They're all there. They have a lot of murders in there, huh?
Yeah, there's like a lot of fun. The internet says that Danny DeVito's penguin is actually I think he's I think I did see him
So that penguin too, okay, but it's not Danny DeVito playing. It's like obviously not
You probably didn't need to say that it's Manny Belvita
Manny Belvita is what you get when you do like a fly experiment and accidentally cross Danny DeVito with a breakfast cookie
Right, exactly. Yes
Iron Giants in it, which is wild because he was also in the other one. You know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah, they couldn't is a Vin Diesel in it as a
No, that's Universal, isn't it?
Listen listen, this is my biggest one. The Monstars are in it, but in their small
supplicant
Alien forms
No, no, neither is but more importantly wait night
No way
Listen the little aliens from Space Jam 1 are in it, right and they're in the crowd
Right when the goon squad does well and slams and smashes and just blasts the toon squad
These little aliens go wild cheering and when the Looney Tunes start to win the basketball game
The month these these little aliens who were the Monstars in Space Jam 1 get sad and disappointed
No, that's bullshit. That's not cannon. That's not cannon at the end of Space Jam 1
They like joined the Looney Tunes to live in toontown and be silly aliens and now you expect me to believe
That they've turned it against them. They bet a lot of money
They just bet a lot of money against because they're like we know that the Looney Tunes will win, right?
So it's got to be long odds and they put a lot of money on the fucking goon squad
I guess so it's not about person. It made me so angry to like
No, Michael Jordan at no way night. Whatever like you can't get the folks. That's fine. But do you have you got this wrong?
You undid all the work. You got this wrong. You did all the work and this is wrong. They love the Looney Tunes
Trav, I just I just dropped a still in there just to get you like really worked up, huh?
I just dropped a still in the slot. Oh shit
Can you tell me who you see in this slot? Oh shit, just top of my head
There's the mask and he's wearing what appears to be some sort of referee shirt. We have
We've got Danny DeVito just poking his head over there's the Joker. Yeah, there's that looks like I'm gonna go with penguin
Not the Joker. Oh, thank you. I'm gonna say that's agent J or agent K
No, it's one of the matrix no
There's there's mr. Freeze and a nun I
Get a nun from the from the x-rated film The Devils that is
For some reason in the back. There's a woman who looks like like June Cleaver. Yeah. Oh
Trav just two other things that I needed to tell you real quick. I have a actually like it and the Hamburglar
The ham what?
That's great Trav, that's great. That's great. I'm gonna play a quick audio clip for you for this one
Or else you won't believe me
Yes, Rick and Morty in air in it they're in it they are explicitly not loony tunes
They're not loony tunes. They're regular tunes. Can I tell you one of that?
Can I tell you of all the things you've said to me today? Nothing is more
offensive to me
than the inclusion of
Huge Rick and Morty head. No, just the idea of like, okay, you're gonna include like real people in it
Okay, great a crossover. That's great. But then also just like here's other cartoons
This isn't fucking who frame Roger rabbit Travis Travis. You should not see this fuck
Oh, hey Trav. Don't watch this. You're not ready go to some different places in this man. What are what are the rules?
There's no rules Justin. What's your last thing? Cuz I got one last thing too that I think it's gonna be the
See, I feel like mine is all right. Let's see. Let's hear it. This is it Travis. This is for all the marbles
This is for all the marbles
Griff let's say him at the same time. I want to say three two one and then we both say it. Okay, okay
three two one Bugs Bunny dies at the end
Hey Trav
Hey Trav. Bugs Bunny dies in the sleep.
Bugs dies at the end.
Do you wanna do some Bugs Bunny dies?
In order to win the game
They got to do a special basketball move that will freeze the simulation and kill whoever does it and LeBron James is like
I'm gonna do it for my son
But then Bugs steals the ball and does it and dies and Travis for the extra bonus points
Bugs Bunny's last words before he passes from the mortal coil are
What's down doc, I don't know
That's pretty good. That's pretty good
It's
That's all folks. Oh
Oh, that's touching. Oh god. What's down doc is actually extremely extremely choice. Well, he's afraid of going to hell
So he's asking like what's down there? You know what I mean? I don't care to die, but
So that is
You can't just say Bugs dies. I'm not gonna watch this fucking play. We can't spoil everything Bugs dies
Um, and then he's crazy
Just later he's there and LeBron James is like you died and bugs buddies like no I didn't
That's the dumbest thing you've ever said LeBron James you fucking idiot anyway, I'm gonna sleep at your home
Okay in the film and honestly folks
You probably should still watch it it's it's good. It's a it's great. It's supremely amazing. Hi. It's
Amazing. I do actually want to watch it more. My kids were kind of like
Idly watching at it and I'm like standing on my couch
Tripping my shirt in half every five seconds because it's so utterly unhinged. It's not a movie
No, no, no, no, no strictest sense
In the strictest sense, but it's a heck of a thing. Hey, this is an advice show
If you're about to tweet at any of us that we spent too long talking about space jam a new legacy or not long enough
And if you're about to be there mad out spoilers or whatever
Well that you can be mad about but if you're about to say we talked about too much
I I encourage you to go listen to another podcast because this is this is who we are you you had to know
What you were what you were jacking into at this point after 10 after 11 years?
This is an advice show obviously
So I wanted to give some advice to people
The position of mayor in my very small town is mostly symbolic but would look great on a resume
I have enough friends to get the votes next election
But here's the tricky part the current mayor owns a record store. I go hang out at almost every weekend
How do I unseat him without severing the relationship we have? That's from new mayor in New York
Hmm, I mean you want to unseat Bill de Blasio you think you have enough friends to secure that
Also another weird thing
Bill de Blasio is a record store. Oh, yeah, it's crazy. Oh, yeah. He loves that stuff
They may mean New York State
Maybe that is actually that makes wicked more sense. Yeah a lot more so that might be possible. There doesn't have to be hard feelings
Former Huntington mayor Jean Dean passed away this week. I'm sure you know sad news. Yeah
Yeah, yeah, Jean Dean passed away this weekend Steve Williams current mayor Steve Williams, but a very nice tribute to her because she
Absolutely
Thumped his ass the first time they ran against him beat him shit senseless
I hope he's listening to this because they really cheating beat the shit out of Steve
And when she pat and he said that a few years later he saw her and
He was and he had like focused on some other stuff after he got beat and it had gone well for him
And he thanked her because if she hadn't beaten him so soundly
He wouldn't have been focusing on the stuff like business-wise that he wanted to focus on so it all works
I mean we all have different paths sure if your path is to be the mayor and his path is to be
unseated by you
It might work out for everybody in the end Steven Jean had a great relationship
Until our passing you could bet you could have that relationship just because you have different paths that happen to intersect
You know and maybe he doesn't want a mayor anymore. You know he doesn't want to be the mayor
He has a record shop that sounds like kicks ass right yeah, and you're asking me Travis McElroy
would I rather deal with the day-to-day stresses of
running a city or
Hang out at my super cool record store. Yeah
I
Think another sort of tact for this as you go to the mayor and say you got to be the mayor I
Think it would be cool to be the mayor so it's my turn
I
Would like a turn at mayor, please
um oh
Yeah, walk out to him and symbolically like reach up right empty hands reach up to his head and say heavy is the head my friend
I'll take it from here, please let me take the crown and then and so you're gonna
Hey, this one's on me. You look so tired. You look so tired. You look like shit
I'll take shit. This job is killing you. Hey, I'm gonna save your life
You've aged 40 years in the last two my friend. Let me take over from here
Can we talk about a town that's so small you could just decide to be the mayor, but can't support a record store
It's a front for pot well, yeah, which it's a record store. That's right. Oh, yeah
Fair enough. I just I think that when we all really think about we all look at our heart of hearts, right?
I would say 99% of people who want to be the mayor
Want to be the mayor so they can say they're in the man
Not cuz all the hard work not cuz the change that want to implement no no no no it's the name
So why not just say like hey, I'll be the mayor and you can be my vice mayor
Yeah, and do the work and I'll be the mayor
I want to I want to I want to challenge something
I want to challenge the idea that being the mayor would look great on a resume because it does raise a central question
All right, if you're the mayor and then you apply for a job
Yeah, first first problem if you apply for a job while you are the mayor not great
Great. Nope, not great second if you apply for a job after you're the mayor. Why aren't you the mayor? No more?
Yeah, what hey, what happened? What happened there? No more
Also, if you were a mayor and now you're applying to work at books a million or whatever like that seems to stay
Why did you get out of politics? What happened? Was there a scandal? I'm going to assume
Scandal definitely a scandal for sure a scandal. There are very few no matter where you look, especially in American politics
I guarantee that there are very few politicians who reach any kind of like high-ranking level and then go
Now I'm gonna go apply for jobs afterwards. Yeah
Yeah, there's always something stinky in there in there
There's always a little skeleton in the closet and the old mayor closet unless you're doing it unless you're only applying for jobs in
the town
That you were mayor of
That feels like I could see that working out
Um
Man, it'd be cool to be the mayor
You know, oh then if you apply somewhere else and they're like, hey, why are you the mayor anymore? You can just say like
Oh my turn was done. My turn was on see that's what I'm saying. Let's break the stigma of losing at politics
By just saying like everyone gets a turn like term limits is what you mean. I'm in favor
Yeah, well Griffin, but like monthly. Oh
Yeah, like get in there for a month and like get wild on it
And I think this would break a lot of the gridlock, huh? If everybody's like we got a fucking month, right?
Let's get it done
Then there would reach a point though Griffin where and I don't know how long it would take before like, okay
We need somebody to do this now anybody are we out of people who want to do it?
Are we gonna start back at the beginning of the list? Oh, man
Um, hey, do you all want to approach the wizard? Yeah, please. Let me humble myself. Yeah
Big so I can scare him. Oh Travis. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't you late? I'm doing it. Oh
Damn it. I'm gonna roll. He turned out 20 sweet potato. I love sweet potatoes
Well, this one was sent in by fucking Graham Roebuck. Thank you. Graham Roebuck. Just a platform agnostic treasure hunter
It's like a Formula One racer comes and races at NASCAR like the hit film Talladega Nights
exactly like that, so
What we're looking at here is a this one's not peer-reviewed. Oh, I know that's important to some people
It's gay, but it it is called how to live in a haunted house
You just moved in and now you have really bad feelings about the place. Chances are the place could be haunted
I mean it could be
Any termites? Yeah, but it would be haunted
Yeah, you may be frightened
But don't be reading this article and can help you cope with the ghost presence
Right in an awfully big check here at the top of the thing
So very first thing guys
Very first thing that is if you don't do this thing don't even think about living in a haunted house
You got to take a well-built guard dog like German Shepherd with you into the house. What the fuck is that gonna do?
The reason dogs easily detect the presence of spirits. It will be daring to you also with the dog
Awesome. Yeah, but that's a dog. That's gonna work once
Maybe the dog barks and the ghost goes whoa, and then goes oh wait. I'm a fucking ghost. I'm a ghost
What are you gonna? Do this? Why does the size of why does it have to be a well-built guard dog like German Shepherd?
When all it needs to do is since it's not gonna eat the ghost. It's not gonna get into a scuffle
Do you know what I mean?
anyway
Remind yourself before you move anything into the house walk through the entire place doing this will give the ghost and then in parentheses
s in case there's multiple ghosts a chance to scope you out and accept your presence in their home
So just before you move anything in the house got to do a quick walk through so the ghosts get acclimated to your presence
But do have an enormous fucking gnarly dog in there with you that the ghost will feel
Afraid of and then they'll know what it's like to be to feel that fear
Well, that's assuming that the dog is acclimated to goes to right ghosts aren't scared of any of this. Yeah
Nothing could scare. Yeah. I don't know why the first move is
Intimidate the ghost when it should be like listen. You're gonna need to get that ghost on your side toot sweet
Yeah, well the ghost's forgiveness beg your pardon ghost
Yeah, sorry to get like a good cable package or something for the ghost do stuff with the ghost that the ghost can't do for
Themselves, I'll open the blinds so you can see outside or something, right?
I will open these this box of cheese. It's for you. You have the cheese. It's within I know you have trouble with the box
I'll put in some scented candle. Can you smell okay? Is that thing ghost can still do? I don't know
We're still getting to know each other. Ask the dog the dog knows
Remember before moving all your stuff into the place move as few items as possible. This will avoid riling the ghosts
To the changes going on in the transition from former occupants. Why not just ask? Hey, can I put the couch here?
Where that couch come from?
If I could put the couch here, it's gonna get less glare on the television that I bought for us for us
Go so this is a this is a boiling the frog sort of
like strategy for moving into a ghost house is if you go slow enough the ghost won't even notice that you're a different person ghosts are
Also, very inconsiderate. Yeah, keep in mind while moving furniture other objects and be alert for any feelings
You may have about where an item should be placed
If you can make a ghost happy, but it goes happy by placing a chair in a particular place
It could save you lots of trouble later on. Yeah, put it in the middle of the kitchen
This is a sofa middle of the kitchen
It makes me happy
That makes me happy
Refrigerator backyard, but what?
Okay, oh
Man, is the dog is the ghost pissed off? Yep. Where does it want it?
Put the oven in your bedroom
What I agree what's what's it boo, why did you say boo you're the dog
Are you guys on the same side now? Oh, no, I've been infected. You can't get affected. No, I got it. I got ghosts
Man man try to relate to the ghost by talking about what life might have been like in the house if it is an old
House and try to do something former residents would have done in the house while they lived there like eating some meals in a formal
Dining room or listening to period music from the town that time the house was built. There's no way the ghost wants that
When was this house built?
Looks like 1993. This is how we do it. This is my jam
This is how we do it
Try to talk about some big events that would have happened while past owners would have been living there
For example on October 29th of a year try to talk about how past
Residents would have felt about the stock market crash in the beginning of the Great Depression
You're bumming me
Haha, please tell me what's going on with the Kardashians
It's so close to Halloween. That's like my jam, but the Great Depression. Yeah, it's such though
I don't want to think of it. Do you want to think about when your fish died? It's
Avoid the area the ghost is in if if they are in a particular place
Try using the room as a storage area and leave the ghost alone
so do you want me to fucking have dinner with it and play fucking this is how we do it and talk about the
Great Depression or do you want me to like?
Chill on it and leave them to wither and rot. You could also just like not walk through it
It's not like that's a lot of these are just good rules for having a roommate
Don't sit on your roommate ask your roommate where to put the furniture talk to your roommate. What would they like?
Try to spend a night in the place some ghosts try to communicate with the living through dreams allowing the ghost to get its
Message to the living may put an end to the haunting and send the ghost on its way
Well, I'm going to sleep in my house. Yeah, so this one's gonna get done. No matter what are you sure?
I should try the other shit before this. Thank you for sleeping here. My message is there's a carbon monoxide
Except the ghost
This may be difficult for some to do most ghosts will leave you alone if you acknowledge their presence
Hey ghost except the ghost leave them alone have dinner with them dream about them, but I love you
Don't you do this to me man? I love you. Don't say it if you don't mean it you heard me
Yeah, fucking love you
Talk to the ghost let it know it's welcome to stay if it leaves you and your family alone
But remember if the ghost does something scary let it know you are upset and that if that such behavior continues
It will not be tolerated. Okay. Yeah. Okay fucking tough guy back that up
Hey back that up shit head
This is shifted from what to do if you have a roommate to what to do if you move into a house and there's a big
scary dog there
Yeah, hey you just stay over there and I'll stay over here. No, don't growl at my kid or else what?
We'll move. I'll kick your ass
Probably not that though
Can be persistently aggressed some ghosts and be persistently aggressive in this behavior may prevent you from sleeping or enjoying your home life the
Way you deserve to if this happens never respond in anger
This will only add fuel to the fire focus on feeling love for these entities that probably haven't felt love in a very long time
If ever directing positive energy toward them can be surprisingly effective in stopping unwanted behavior. Okay, so that's the tip
I need to get some sleep. Do you want to make out? Yes, please. Yes, please
I
Don't know why my ghost kind of sounds like Bane a little bit it does a lot
Let's take a quick break and then we'll be our back after this brief trip to the money zone
Listen Justin you got calm down, buddy
You're okay your your Andrew sleuthing the roof man unclench your jaw quick. Keep telling me about this why I definitely don't go pee
Okay, but it's a shame cuz Justin could really benefit from the application. Yeah question
Well, that's what it takes him sometimes like 40 50 minutes to pee cuz he's gotta relax all his muscles and take a deep breath
He could be gone for a while now
That's why calm is so great because calm is the number one mental wellness app to give you tools to improve the way you feel
And to help you pee faster now they don't say that and I might get in trouble for saying it clear your head with guided
Daily meditation might it might it hasn't been proven to make you pee slower
Yes, exactly improve your focus with calm security music tracks and drift off to dreamland with columns imaginative sleep stories
I'm a big fan of calm. I've been doing meditations for a while. I got the what the scientists called the ADHD
And being able to get my focus, right get my mind in order to start the day and to end the day
It's something I literally don't think I could live without
So for listeners of the show calm is offering a special limited time promotion of 40% off a calm premium subscription at calm
calm slash my brother go to calm
Calm calm slash my brother for 40% off unlimited access to columns entire library
That's calm calm slash my brother. Hey, we also got stamps calm on the docket today
You know stamps calm it's the one you use to print out postage US Postal and UPS shipping services
Just right at your computer. It's summertime. It's time for us to reconnect
Maybe not face-to-face yet, but letter-to-letter pen pals
freaking
care-packages
freaking postcards love letters
Ransom notes not that like cute ransom notes. Yeah, like I've stolen your heart. I've stolen your heart if you want it back you
You know, it's in two hundred thousand unmarked dollar bills
Anyway, you can print official US Postage shipping labels 24-7 without having to leave your desk or buy any fancy equipment
All you need is your computer and just a regular old printer. They offer you deals
You can't get anywhere else like up to 40% off USPS and up to 66% off UPS shipping rates
Stop wasting time going to the post office and go to stamps calm instead
There's no risk and with our promo code my brother you get a special offer that includes a four week trial plus free postage
And a digital scale no long-term commitments or contracts just go to stamps calm
Click on the microphone at the top of the home page and type in my brother at stamps calm promo code
My brother stamps calm never go to the post office again prepare yourself for the greatest pro wrestling podcast
spectacular known as
A fact-frobbing audio showcase that helps you understand the world of pro wrestling with a lot of love and no toxic masculinity
Featuring host Danielle Radford time to kick butt and chew gum and I'm all out of butts
Lizzy cow, I'm a brutal Brit and my fists were made to punch and hit
I was doing the voiceover this whole time here
Let's talk about pro wrestling's greatest triumphs and failures and make fun of its weekly
Absurdities on the perfect wrestling podcast types and fights every Saturday Saturday Saturday on
maximum fun
Justin do you want to do the next question hey fellas did you hear the news oh boy
Excuse me fellas fellas. Did you hear the news fuck is now what news?
Justin McElroy's got a new bit. Oh cool. Yeah, here's a new year. I got a paper about it
Here you go sir. I'm not buying down be a nickel. Oh
Did you have a nose? What's the news?
Okay, everyone's a classic yeah, but you're kind of giving away the headline didn't try to sell the newspaper
What is the head already didn't read the story about the bit? Okay? It says here Justin's doing a bit. That's all it says
Yeah, this is Justin's doing you coming up says everyone likes the bit
Everyone likes the bit the stock market through the roof crypto is really taking off
Well, that's perfect cuz here comes the theme song
oh
Host of the town I was just toast of the town
Turn that frown upside down. It's the crypt host of the town
Why you ain't gonna need an actuary to know this news ain't deflationary. It's the
Of the
cryptost of
The town I still don't understand what crypt toast of the town a lot going on here Griffin. Yeah
host of the town and crypto toast of the town and
Justin please and so he's combining them like a portmanteau, but bad
Okay, but I don't know if he's taking us into a crypt. I understand. There's no crypt. There's no
Crypto Justin, please I'm explaining it cryptocurrency thing and he's gonna eat toast. I think okay
No toast isn't part of it toast. Oh, yeah. No toast is definitely part of it. Definitely gonna be named. Yes. Yeah
You said crypt toast of the town. Why would you say toe?
toast of the town
Where I tell you the latest in the world of cryptocurrency now
I do a serious Bitcoin analysis show on tick-tock. This is not that this is for fun
Okay. Yeah, and then we talk about toast
Toast ain't part of it. I'm pretty sure it is because I don't know if you guys
What's your guys? I need to know your real-world awareness of cryptocurrency Elon Musk made up some money
Fucking nothing. Okay good
Cuz here's this story is that do you guys know about alt coins?
No, so all coins are kind of like spin-offs of the good
Cryptocurrency, huh, which in and of itself is kind of questionable, right? It's great. It's cryptocurrency Knights
Yeah, so
the celebrities
Because it's tough to make these rise above the den
Celebrity and it's like really it's momentum based right like you remember what happened with those coin
Oh where everybody's like doge, I love it. Let's get on board everybody buy a bunch and it's like wow, this is really expensive
What's it for nothing? Okay, so they get celebrities to try to pump these up, right?
So Logan Paul has been pushing one called ding
Huh?
No, no, you need to say that again, but
It's called
That's a coin that Logan Paul is pushing dink don't know it's not Justin
It's a crypto meme. It's a meme coin. It's a mean coin called ding-dong
It's a main point called ding-dong because nothing means nothing no more
I didn't mean it's just a mean coin called ding-dong
Cool, and that's pretty impressive as exciting
But I that's not the celebrity coin that we're worked up about this week on cryptos of the town
And I actually have the announcement here
Oh, it's boop, it's boop-doop
It's not boop-doop. It's uh, it's even better. I have the announcement here. Okay, I've actually brought them into the studio
What a thrill this is. You ready? Yeah
The Stanley nickel token better known as the nickel token has officially launched on Uniswap and pocket swap
Nickel is an ERC 20 token on the aetherium blockchain
Including deflationary and frictionless yield mechanics. This means you earn more tokens
Just by holding and the supply is constantly decreasing
Raising the value of the remaining tokens
Nickel is a utility token with a charitable basis rewarding holders with future NFTs
memorabilia collectibles and addition
So none of that is words. So here's the thing about it, you know Stanley from the office and how everybody loves Stanley
Yeah, you you remember the great own footlander Stanley. You know the great episode with shrewp bucks
Yeah, everybody loves those
Stanley in that episode said I got a Stanley nickel and someone saw that and they thought I'm gonna do a real one
I'll do a money on that. I'm gonna do a money all about that
so the this is a the Stanley nickel is
Leslie David Baker's
Cryptocurrency that he I guess he you could tell from that that he did created himself and he hand coded it
Obviously and that's Stanley from the office's money that he made up from the TV that comedy TV show The Office
Yeah, but he can buy it
Like and you can buy it and it's just out there, you know what I mean?
Yeah, okay. Can I tell you my problem with cryptocurrency Justin you have a problem with cryptocurrency that doesn't seem possible
It's all up side man. No, here's here's what it is. It's just it's very mechanical and practical which is they
Invented currency, which is fine. That's how currency was invented in the first place, but then they also
Invented all the words and all of the mechanics to talk about they couldn't at least have started from a place of vocabulary
I can understand. It's friction. It's frictionless. It's frictionless. What does that mean?
Does that mean I can slide it across a table forever because otherwise I don't know what the fuck it means. No, it's imaginary
They won't actually. It's not real. Yeah, it is charitable. Some of the profits from this go to the
Sorry, the actual fund which is cool
He said in there and I want to really zoom in on one part of this that proves that it's not made up in fake
Good, because I'm in the weeds right now. I need help
He's the part where he says that it is
It has yield mechanics sure
You earn more tokens just by holding now and the supply is constantly decreasing so you earn
You earn more. Oh, it's by holding it at least the one Justin and then the supply is decreasing. So I
I don't that actually should make sense to you if you're in this. Yeah, you start so there's a hundred circulating, right?
And then they kill one person who holds one. So now
The 99 people remaining have a little bit extra and they just keep killing people one by one until eventually
One person's token is worth a hundred
It's worth all of them and they can go to a Subway sandwich restaurant and get a big sandwich for their fake office money
It's six inches the best we could so I guess
The reason I wanted to do this bit, which I don't think will be recurring is
The guy who played Stanley on the office. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm
Made a cryptocurrency and why haven't we?
About a scene he did on the office one time called Stanley Nichols that you can buy and spend your money on and
It's deflationary yield me obviously on the Ethereum blockchain. I hope of these I believe is on the Ethereum blockchain
and guess what I'm what I'm saying is like
Where do we go? Yeah from here because
The idea that the guy what played Stanley would do a cryptocurrency about Sally Nichols is
On my I feel like there is a lawsuit. It's hot that list of things kind of got ahead of us
Maybe a few episodes in the future. We'll do this bit and they kind of stole it the idea from us
I would write I have an idea Justin. I think you're right
Everybody would be at dink-dink
Stanley Nichols donkey-donk
Um donkey lips whatever everybody's doing cryptocurrency. Why don't we do?
Get this
Classic currency. We're gonna start printing money and I've been doing I've been doing blacksmithing Justin
You've been doing woodworking we can make our own coins and just declare that they are worth money
Right. Okay. Ooh, can I twist that up a little bit? Yes, please. Can I twist that up a little bit?
Yeah, we print that money, right? But it looks nearly
indiscernible from US
tinder, okay US currency dollars and cents and
If we get caught and people are like, are you forging money? Nope, then we can say no
This is dink doing this is a currency baby
This looks like a fake $100 bill that you printed on a inkjet printer. That is black and white
Yep, and you say that's how you know, it's dink doing baby
I'm not going to this is dink doing too. I'm not going to jail for you or anybody. Yeah, I'm
Guys, I'm trying to hang in here with you. Yeah, I really am trying to hang in here with you
But just as I was about to move on to the next thing
Oh, and I should also say dink doing too is it's gold stamp like it's backed by gold
You can turn you in anywhere for gold. You gotta
Just as I'm ready to like move on to the next bit
I saw that screenshot I sent earlier and I sent you a picture from a real movie
About the mask and Danny DeVito penguin and mr. Freeze and agent Smith watching Don Cheadle watch
LeBron James and Bugs Bunny play basketball and I don't know it feels like a
Photoshop that one of our fans made up about one of our great skits, right? Like what this is the same episode?
What do we do? Like what things are outpacing us?
Reality is outpacing. I tell you what's bothering me about this picture Justin if you look over
Like if you follow back Don Cheadle to penguin to maybe Alexis Rose. I don't know
I don't want to do jokes about a picture. No one can see yeah, we'll post it. Oh my god
That is Alexis from Schitt's Creek
Anyway, um, so I'm kind of having a little bit of a crisis about this
I don't know what our I don't know what our contribution is to the culture at this point at this point
I'm not classic currency
So we can kind of
Circle back around and get less weird. Oh, you know, yeah, we'll start back at the beginning baby trade economy
I'll give you one goat you give me two bushels of grain
Charlie it travels. She's coming Charlie. Did you just call that should give you a secret hint of the tone that's approaching
Yeah, we we have never really been a sort of currency focused enterprise
I don't know why we need to circle back around earth on the currency front
I'm talking like in the currency of ideas the original currency
We need to it needs we need to like
Get less weird right like we need to somehow
Like become the MacNeil layer news hour. Oh, you're saying everyone else is getting so weird that it's like maybe the new thing
Maybe the thing that we could do is be like now we do fresh air
Oh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's awesome. Well, we've already got movie reviews you can use
Let's delete the first 12 minutes of this episode then where we talk
Enthusiastically about space jam 2 and in fact, let's just try actually this is great. This is a great way to end the show
Okay, let's try the intro again, but talk about space jam 2
Like we don't like we're not excited about
We can do that we can do that, okay, okay, okay
Okay, bring us in Justin bring us in
Hi welcome to can we check the name of the show is the same right? You can make it like brother talking brother
brother brothers
A good show. Yeah, Terry grosses next show is called brother zone
Fresh brother fresh brother. Okay. No, I'll figure it out. It doesn't matter a touch of brother
No
Really so bad at this
Meeting of them of them on of the great man. You're trying to get clever and it needs to be like
More boring. Yeah, you're right
Pod chat
Podcasts. Hey, okay. Yeah
Hello and welcome to the podcast chat show a show hosted by me Justin McQuarrie my two brothers
Travis and Griffin on today's episode. What are we gonna be discussing griffin Griffin McElroy today?
discussing the
Disgracefully zany
Major motion picture
space jam
To space jam a new legacy now Travis they've been trying to get this one made for quite some time
Is that right some stops and starts?
Yes, it's been in the works for about 25 years now and I I think it shows because it really reflects the mentality of the
geopolitical culture that existed back in
1996 when it was conceived and I don't think that it accurately reflects the current culture of the time. I
Need to step in here and say please one point in the film an old
Old
Let's say nemesis to civility reared his head and I am talking about Austin Powers
and when he arrived on the scene, I
started to
Throw up
Because of how
Absolutely wild and unexpected. This is a children's film about rabbit who can dunk a basketball and
And Austin Powers is a rival on the scene
Talking about his genitals and how much he loves to
Fornicate now made me
barf up the
It made me barf up weird. It made me barf up the plain soup by eight now
As as you know, I do not allow my children to watch movies let alone
consume any form of media and I never will right how I become but the
The idea that somewhere down the line they might be talking to a human being
Who has seen this movie and they would recount this scene in which?
Austin Powers discusses his genitals. It makes me vomit
The right thousand oyster crackers I consumed this morning on a dare. I
Also ate a thousand moisture crackers this morning, but they were unsalted. Of course
I ate a picture of a thousand oyster crackers
That was
tasteless and odorless, but it was
That's what my doctor told me to do for my various conditions. How big was the picture? Did you find it filling?
It was a delicious picture. I
I the I didn't appreciate when Austin Powers appeared in the screen my children
Obviously have no friend or preference
Any of his and they of course asked me who he was? Oh, just I wish sorry
Of course, they would though if you're the makers of this film you have to expect it
I then had to explain to my children about the British sex female
And
How he was basically a British a British man who has also
Had the soul of Shrek
In him confusing for my child as well. It is upsetting to me that they have the opportunity to include Shrek in
This film who we all love. Oh, yes, of course
Shrek is good. He's the modern Hamlet
but
No, that was a no. No that think you just said
That was weird. If I think you misspoke and
Say a normal thing, please of course the universal worldwide sex symbol Shrek whom we all
Know okay. Let me try one more time. No more fun, please
Please no more the Republican icon Shrek
After the break dink doing we hate it
Thanks for listening. We hope you have
enjoyed yourself
We have some stuff if you want to buy stuff about our show
We don't have any fake money or cryptocurrency, but we do have a beautiful adventure zone mug
Well, that's a sticker. This mug is its own crypto currency and it's worth. Yeah, however many one mug
Yeah, yes, and for one mug you can drink as much out of it as you wish and we've still got man our
Guys, here's the thing. It's now our 11th anniversary and we still got these plates
Oh boy, if you could buy a few plates Wow, that would be cool. It would be so cool cuz it's so embarrassing
Cuz we made so many thank you
Thank you for your support in advance also speaking of support the latest adventure zone graphic novel
Crystal Kingdom is out now
If you haven't gotten it
You can go to a bookstore if you're in an area where that is safe or you can order it on the adventure zone comic
com
Hey, thanks to Montaigne for the use of our theme song. My life is better with you
It's gonna it's gonna win it. It's gonna win ten Grammys this year. So get on the train early
Because it's coming. Oh, do you hear that sound?
Chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga
It's coming. The song is and be excited for that. Cool. Well
That's gonna do it for us. Griffin. Do you finally on who to send us out on? Yes one was sent in by Homer
Simpson
Who send it in and the question is asked by
Palmer
Lucky the the out though. No, not him and
And it's asked by Yahoo answers user Mavis
Beacon uh-huh. I get who's who asks
Who this it's asked by Mavis beacon and Mavis beacon asks. I
I invented a cool new keyboard that has has only ten keys on it. I
Am typing this on my ten key keyboard
Do you want one?
They are seven dollars
I'm Griffin McElroy. It's been my brother. My brother may kiss your dad's grow the lips
It's better
You Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
