The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say hey I wanna, just say hey I wanna.
Frankenstein was the first in line, Wolfman came up next.
Dracula wasn't doing his stuff, breathing down my neck.
Jump back, make tracks, here comes a hunchback, better get out of his way.
Fee-fee-fie-fie-fo-fo-fum, it was a monster's holiday.
Hey folks, welcome to part three of our Halloween 2018 celebration. The prices-
Skullabration. Justin, can I- Skullabration.
Well see, I said celebration because we slashed prices on all the late model Fords
that we've got cluttering up our showroom floor. We gotta make room for the 2020s people.
The 2020s are coming in. We got Ford Cadillacs, we got Ford Priuses,
we got Ford Lincolns, we got all the Fords. We got the new Ford Prius, it runs on hate.
That one's coming in at 36 large, you can walk out of the showroom in it for $34,
and then that one's yours, you're gonna drive that puppy home today.
Bad credit, no credit, reverse credit. My credit, your credit.
Oh shit, we owe you money, oh damn. With prices so low, it's scary.
Please come in and let us settle our debts with you.
Please. Please, we owe you a car.
We feel so guilty. That time when you saved our life, we owe you this car, please.
Hey, come on in, we just refilled the soda machine and now we got hot dogs.
Please, come in, we froze Griffin in a block of ice so that you would come look at him.
Oh, I'm frozen, let me out. They didn't add a pee hole.
Oh no. It's just filling up.
You gotta say your fucking name in the name of the show, I am in hell.
My name is Justin McElroy and I'm the oldest broooother.
Okay. My name is Travis McElroy,
and I am the middlest broother. Come up with your own thing.
Well, you didn't really come up with your own thing, so.
I'm your youngest broother and 30 big skeletons, Griffin McElroy.
30 big skeletons sitting on each other's shoulders and driving a late model Honda
that's gotta get out of this showroom.
We are out of room between all the skeletons and these late model Hondas and Fords
and Ford Hondas. We need you to come take some of them
because they're in the bathroom and we haven't been able to use the bathroom for weeks.
Folks, if you don't come by these cars, these 30 tiny skeletons sitting on each other's shoulders
dressed in a trench coat are gonna come take them all.
And I, I hate it. I hate it when they're around.
We don't know how to drive, but we'll gone in 60 seconds your ass and your full family's ass.
Yes, please, please come. And listen, we'll give you the money directly.
No need to go through a blood bank.
All right.
Okay, well, anyway-
I think that was a 30 second radio spot.
And this is also an advice show for the modern era.
We're pumping, we're pumping them full of gas before you take them up a lot.
We're pumping them full of gas.
That's really good.
Do you think people are confused because when they're listening to this, it is November 5th.
Yeah. So you do want to vote tomorrow, but we, we figure a lot of people,
a lot of famous people that you trust are telling you to do that.
And you should obviously do that.
And Future Us is probably telling you to do that as well.
But Past Us, it's the 31st.
And we're just trying to fucking kick it for like a second.
If you could just let us kick it.
Fucking people talk about Christmas for weeks and weeks and weeks.
Sure.
Before and after.
Not after though, Trav.
To be fair, not after usually.
You don't normally hear people mid January like,
damn, I love Jesus and his birthday and Santa and all his miracles.
I feel like there is a window between the 25th and the 1st
where you can still have some remnant Christmas.
The week between.
Yes, of course.
The dead zone.
Yes.
And we are, we have as many late model Fords and Hondas as we need.
Excepting no trade-ins.
No trade-ins.
There's one Mazda on the lot.
If you find the Mazda, it's yours.
Please, if you find a red sports car with a giant grill that looks like a mouth,
that is a teenager that we are waiting to cool off.
So he will transform back.
Please don't buy this turbo teen.
We are getting so late in the year to make our turbo teen reference for 2018.
Thank God we got there.
When the turbo teen transforms back,
we always focus on the one transformation into the car.
If there's someone driving the turbo teen when he transforms back,
does the turbo teen just absorb them or does he-
The word is digest, Griffin.
The word is digest.
When a human being-
Well, or is it just like he's like standing in human form,
but he has like two sets of every appendage?
Do you know what I mean?
A real Zayfod Bebebrock situation.
As he transformed back at the end,
you're just left with like your finger in his mouth.
Yeah, so then it's just like awkward, but it's fine.
But if his finger is spicy, if he just ate some Flamin' Hot Cheetos,
here I go again on my own.
And then you're back in and driving.
That's actually the only way to get into boy cars.
That's the keys.
If you're taking a long road trip with your friend turbo teen,
you just have to keep sticking your spicy finger into his mouth every 20 minutes.
It's miserable.
Are there times when turbo teen regains consciousness
and he's naked on a highway with oncoming traffic coming at him
because he didn't get spicy foods?
Yes.
Yeah.
If turbo teen car gets in a crash and transforms back into human,
what's he look like?
Is he all messed up?
Does he get all jacked up?
If he like has a bladder infection and it burns when he pees,
does he turn into a turbo car?
I don't remember any of this show,
but I do wonder what kind of mysteries or adventures they were having
since like a bunch of teens and their one friend who's a car sometimes
are equally as like threatening as a bunch of teens,
one of whom is rich enough to own a car.
That's basically their superpower is they know how to get a car.
For a second.
The only superpower I can imagine turbo teen having
is like one of the bad guys lifts him up
and while he is above the bad guy's head,
he eats a pepper.
He eats a buffalo tender.
Squish.
Crushes him.
Squish.
This is gonna freak you guys out.
Okay.
Do you know that there were exactly and only 13 episodes of turbo teen ever made?
Really?
We have probably talked more about turbo teen
than it would take you to watch the entirety of-
The entire duration of the program.
From September 8th, 1984 to December 1st, 1984.
And that's it, folks.
That's the ball game.
That's all you got of turbo teen,
which will be, let me run the math, 35 years old.
Damn, it's older than me.
Now, hold on.
You said 84?
So I was only about a year old.
Griffin was still two years away from being born.
How do I know about this show?
Just from you telling me about it when you were four, Justin?
I guess I was just wild about it
and telling this baby that lives in my house
about the car that can transform into a person, I guess.
I got a reboot and it's about a grandpa
that whenever he eats sour food,
turns into a helicopter.
Oh, that's pretty good.
Can I please, please let me tie this?
It's called Chapa Papa.
Chapa Papa, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Oh boy, that's very good.
Or Sky Grandpa.
The Sky Grandpa sounds like when you've retranslated it
back from the Japanese title.
Overseas, it will be known as Sky Grandpa,
but here, Chapa Papa.
What if we did a crossover event?
We set the reboot in the world of Pixar's Cars
and this will be like whenever Mater eats some cold food,
he turns into a man.
Oh, I would love to see that.
I would love to see what just a human looks like
in that world.
Should we do advice?
Because it's been almost 10 minutes now.
I'm starting to get a little antsy
that it's going to be one of those episodes.
My boss and I were working on a project on my computer
and she asked me to bookmark a link
probably for murder.com or ghost.org or something spooky.
Something like that.
Haunted.pizza.
Haunted.pizza.
Hey, oh, hold on real quick.
Sorry, stop the podcast.
Jesus Christ.
Hey, Griffin.
Hey, Griffin.
Can you stop the podcast?
Yeah, I'll pause it.
Go ahead and everybody stop your podcasts, please.
And that is, yeah.
Okay, folks, $38.
I don't mind if I do.
Haunted.pizza is your home.
We got it.
We got it, folks.
Everybody relax.
Haunted.pizza is your home for the latest and greatest
in podcasting.
Okay, so I got Haunted.pizza.
Let's move on.
How do you do that so fucking fast?
That was not edited.
Justin really did that that fast.
It's wild.
Do you just keep it open when we record?
Do you just have like the cursor over the box to enter in?
I'm just always logged into our domain host and I know the
interface like the back of my hand at this point.
Yeah, at this point, I would say.
How's that domain host?
Do they call you now and like, hey, are you okay?
We're worried about you.
No, they're like, you're going to be rich someday when teen
Google pays off.
I'm like, yeah, I know.
At what point did the bank stop calling you for fraud alerts?
Right around this time that I sold them, pressx2jason.com to
redirect to Fifth Third.
Anyway, okay, so boss working on project computer bookmark
link, when I did the computer gave me the option to put the
bookmark in one of the bookmark folders that I have set up.
The first folder on my list is labeled meats.
My boss saw the name of the folder and said meats, M-E-A-T-S,
by the way, and then chuckled.
I didn't think anything of it because the folder was full of
links about different game meat vendors that I had been
researching for Christmas present.
After a few minutes, I realized that my boss likely thought
that my meats folder was a cheekily named folder where I
keep all my porn links.
By then, enough time had passed, I couldn't backtrack and
explain the name of the folder without looking like I was
trying to cover up having a folder of porn links.
So brothers, what's the best way to casually convey to my
boss that I don't have a folder of porn on my work computer
without making it seem like he thinks he doth protest too
much situation?
And that's from Not A Dirty Bird in Brooklyn.
All right, I mean, you can't fix this.
You cannot fix this because you could say like, no, no, no,
come back here and look in my game meats folder.
You're going to love it.
I have so many venisons and they're just going to think
that you fucking changed it since they were last there.
It is because that is a really wild sort of...
Usually I don't take it on this tack with our listeners,
but I think you're lying.
I do think you have pornography in there and then now you're
like protesting too much that you like had to email the
entire universe by way of our show about it.
Man, this is tough.
This is something that other people can learn from.
You shouldn't overthink things.
You should just sort of say whatever the obvious thing
is sometimes, you know?
You don't have to overthink it.
Sometimes if somebody questions something, you shouldn't
get too lost in the pros and cons, the whys and wherefores
and whatnot.
Just say, I'm going to buy meat for Chris's.
And do say that specifically.
Don't say, I'm shopping for Christmas presents for you
so I can't tell you about it.
Because that does seem non legit.
Yeah.
Hey, why are you bookmarking a bunch of meat for a present?
I've never worked this hard for a present in my entire life.
How many different options are you looking at that you
can't keep track of them in your head?
Yeah, that's wild.
I don't believe you.
Yeah, it's not true.
It's a falsehood.
I kind of was thinking about it.
I was trying to give you a bit of the doubt with just, I
don't believe you, kind of.
I don't actually believe what you're saying.
I think that the boss caught you.
OK, if I could back up for a second.
I'm sorry that I got so suspicious of you.
I thank you for your support over the years.
I assume that you're going to maximumfund.org
forward slash donate and give me money to the show.
And I so appreciate that.
Thank you.
I'll believe you if you do that.
That's easy.
Yeah, that's an easy one, it's a slam dunk.
I don't know that your boss necessarily thinks it's a porn
thing because that would be wild to have a folder on your
computer called meats and that's for porn.
That's like very close.
That's barely, that's a semi cloak.
That's not even actually cloaking it.
Everybody's porn links are in the same directory and it's
labeled productivity and finance spreadsheets for business.
It's definitely not.
Or simply media.
Because that's not a lie.
It's not inaccurate.
It's not an inaccurate sort of filing mechanism.
The only reason you would label the folder meats is if you're
trying to be sneaky, but also you know how forgetful you are.
Like you also make your password password one, two, three.
And you're like, well, I want to hide my porn links, but I
don't want to lose them.
Yeah, I don't think there's anything you can do except, oh
my gosh, if you get your boss a meat for Christmas, when you
give them the gift, you say, this is going to sound wild,
but do you remember when you saw a directory called meats on
my computer?
This is assuming you haven't been summarily fired.
You remember when you saw the directory, that was what this
was for.
I couldn't tell you back then.
Because then it seems like commitment.
It doesn't seem like you're backpedaling.
It seems like you are committed to surprising everybody with
some great meat.
And they're going to say, this is Hillshire farm sliced roast
beef that you got from Kroger's.
It was pornography.
Just own it.
Own it.
It's fine if it was.
Can I offer a very drastic solution to this?
Even more commitment?
You're going to have to go into work tomorrow, quit and
announce that you're leaving to become a butcher.
I mean, you've been dreaming of this for months and it's time
that you finally committed to your lifelong passion,
butchering.
Perfect.
Yeah, that should work too.
Either one.
We've given you a lot of good stuff to go on.
How about a Yahoo?
I'd love that.
Thank you so much.
I got a good one here and it's from Alex P.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Akash.
And we've never really done one like this, but I thought it
would be a fun sort of conversation starter on this
light and loose third Halloween episode of the year.
Okay.
Akash asks, would you rather have a cat with a human face
or a dog with human hands instead of paws?
A cat with a cat with a human face.
Still meows?
Should we assume?
Let's let Justin finish because that Travis just brought
up something that's going to really change the dynamic.
A cat with a human face or a dog with human hands
instead of paws?
Correct.
And feet or four hands?
Yeah, that was another question.
Yeah, it just says hands instead of paws.
So I was assuming two, but it could be four.
No, it has to be just two.
I can almost wrap my mind around that, but there's something
about it having four hands.
Yeah.
That's really, because I could see the dog then maybe
walking on its hind legs and having hands a la like
the funny dog from Family Guy, but like-
Oh, I love him.
I love this human.
I love the way he drinks, but the idea of four human hands
plodding along on the ground.
It's too many.
It's more than I have.
It's more than I have and therefore he would pose
a threat to me and my family's safety.
I mean, he's going to with two hands, four hands,
like we're all done, right?
Yes.
This is so tough because it's like the face cat is going to
be no good, especially if it talks human language.
That's no good.
That is so bad.
Sometimes I'll be like peeing, right?
And like the cat will be in the bathroom because that is
where her food bowl is.
And like, she'll look at me and it's fine because she's
a cat, but now imagine that that was a human face.
Yeah, that's rough.
It is rough.
It's going to look and the thing is, the law of doppelgangers
says that it will look exactly like somebody on Earth.
And we don't know who.
It could be anybody.
What if it looks like Hugh Jackman?
What if it looks like my brother Justin?
What if it looks like Justin dresses Wolverine?
It's impossible to say.
I want to give a counterpoint because this is actually
a very good question.
I think at this point.
Yes.
The problem I have with dog with hands is this.
Guys, you've created this crime, right?
This crime against the natural order that's sure to live
in a lot, I mean, a lot of spiritual and sort of
existential pain.
And what you've done is in addition to making it monster,
more monster than canine, you've also given it all the
equipment it needs to use a gun.
And that I hate.
That I hate.
I hate the fact that it can now use use tools and including
tools, one of those tools being a gun that can use to
take vengeance on you for willing it into existence.
And I hate that part.
Facecat, you have not made more lethal by creating.
There's no choice.
It is facecat.
You must choose facecat.
Hand dog will kill you.
Hand dog will kill you for making it facecat.
We'll try to kill you, but we'll have no enhanced lethality.
Not only that, like facecat's going to suck to be around and
you got to be around it because you can't throw it out because
it has a human face, right?
But dog, hand dog, if it doesn't kill you, it's still
going to get up to no good.
He has a dog's brain.
So maybe he won't think to kill you.
Maybe he still loves you because he's got a dog brain.
But he also has a dog brain.
He has a dog hunger.
So he's going to go in the kitchen and, you know, eat all
of the eat all of the lunch meat.
And you can't tell him.
No, that's like telling a roommate, like, no, no, you
can't eat the lunch meat.
But they have human hands, so they're going to do what the
fuck they want to do.
But that's assuming that then hand dog is capable of
utilizing the hand.
Because right now it's not like my dog with her paws is walking
up and trying and getting frustrated because it doesn't
work.
They can shake them.
They can shake.
They can sit on their hind legs and use the hand to shoot a
gun.
No question.
No question.
But you've just made me- that sealed the deal right there.
The idea of doing, like, shake with a dog and a human hand.
A full, meaty sailor's hand just extending out and taking
years.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You- I can't- I can't have a cat with a human face, though.
I don't want that either.
You-
Cat eyes or human eyes?
Okay, can it talk?
Yes.
It has to talk.
I'm out.
I'm so fucking out.
Actually, I have less of a problem with that.
It can talk and it sounds exactly like Lorenzo music.
Yes.
I love that.
Now I'm back in.
Does it eat cat food?
I'm backed out again.
I don't want to see that.
That's the thing.
If the cat can talk, then at the very least, I can A,
apologize and B, like, that- like, I get that.
But if it just has a human face that meows, I'm always going to
be looking at it thinking, do you understand?
Like, do you know?
Do you know what's happening right now?
Like, are you watching me?
Do you hate me?
What's happening?
And I don't want to see what the human face looks like when
the cat makes brown in the litter box.
Mm-hmm.
I don't want to have to confront that.
Catches a mouse?
Or catches a mouse and- oh no, Trav.
Yeah, or licks itself.
But you can put sunglasses on it and-
Yeah.
Come on.
But you could put mittens on the dog.
The only reason I'm going face cat, face cat sucks unilaterally,
but it won't try and kill me like hand dog.
I'm done.
It's face cat for life.
Okay.
I can't.
You- you gripping?
You have to- you have- okay.
The dog won't want to kill you, probably.
The cat will have the face of Rush Limbaugh, definitely.
And it'll just be waiting for you in the dark all the time.
Imagine, Griffin, imagine that you wake up at three o'clock in the morning
because you need to get some Imodium, and you walk into the hall,
and who's that waiting for you?
It's the face of Joe Pantlione.
He's trotting towards you, sashaying back and forth from your cat's body.
And what if it can talk, but it can just say,
hey, in a human voice over and over.
No, don't try to take the legs out from this.
It talks.
It talks human.
I can have a conversation with it.
I work from home.
I'm lonely.
Now I want face cat.
Now it's not, I don't want hand dog.
Now it's, I want face cat very badly.
Science, make me a face cat.
You want a cat that's just like other cats,
except it screams, why am I, at the top of its little lungs.
Why have you done this, creator?
You'll scream that for a bit, but then you'll be into it.
Then it'll be fun.
Acceptance therapy.
Is it like a full human head or just the face?
It looks like a cat, like Mario in a Tanooki suit, right?
For sure.
Yeah, that's pretty good.
And now hand dog.
Can this guy play a guitar?
I don't think the hands would be,
maybe ukulele is maybe the best.
All right, now we're coming.
See, now I'm trying to frame this like,
which one do I want very badly more?
Not which one is the least bad.
And if you look at it that way, I'm kind of torn.
What's his words per minute?
Does he know how to, can he edit a podcast?
Can he edit a podcast?
Yes, yes.
Can he use Squarespace?
Probably, it's very user-friendly.
Now, hold on though.
When he cranks it, does he use his human hands?
I'm back to face cat.
Hi, face cat.
Welcome back, Griffin.
See, Griffin, what if his voice
wasn't that like beautiful bear tone?
He's still not gonna jerk it with human hands.
I'm good, I'm good.
Face cat, can't face cat for life.
I'm gonna have to, I think I'm going hand dog.
Hand dog plus mittens, I'm okay with that.
See, that's cruel though.
That's cruel because you've not only transformed him
into a complete monster,
you have sort of taken away the only like agency
that you have given him in this monstrous form.
That's the most fucked up option, Travis.
Okay, the mittens won't be an all the time thing.
Well, when it's cold, right?
Just like a human.
Sure.
God, I feel like I felt such strong conviction both ways
at this point and I feel, I mean, I'm glad neither,
but I'm sad both, you know what I mean?
Yeah, I do.
Like it seems like if the world is gonna make one of them,
it should have to make both of them.
Both of them, yeah.
Like they should have to be friends
or in the same house or whatever.
Where are we at?
I mean, let's just take a vote.
I could love hand dog.
No, let's just take a vote.
I wanna take a vote right now.
I already love face cat.
Griffin votes face cat, Travis.
I vote hand dog.
Tiebreaker, and the other one dies, so.
Yeah.
The problem is I already have two faces
that are very dependent on me in my journey
and I don't know that I need a third face
no matter what it's attached to, truly.
I don't need a third face that's sort of dependent on me
and sort of needing my guidance and expertise
and wisdom and coddling and what have you.
I think it's very beautiful, Justin,
that you're counting your children's faces
but not your own.
Well, nor my wife's
because they're not dependents.
I'm saying that I have two babies
that live in my house.
Your face is pretty dependent on you.
Yeah, you do need to feed your own face, my pal.
Yeah, but I'm saying that these faces,
these two, it's like a third child.
I get what you're saying.
You hate my fucking precious baby.
I get what you're saying, Justin.
Go ahead and say it.
I'm a hand dog, you idiot.
It's just like I'm an introvert kind of by nature
and I'm trading away those precious moments of solitude.
Okay.
Have fun getting strangled by a dog, you two jerks.
Have fun getting strangled by a dog.
She doesn't have human arms.
Yeah, that's fine.
I'm still stronger.
It doesn't have the power of the human arms.
I don't even think that it could bend the middle way.
I don't think it could flex the hands.
Sure, yeah, yeah.
No, he could totally just inject poison into your neck
while you're asleep.
There's a lot of different ways.
What's he getting poisoned?
No, have fun.
I'll do the podcast by myself
because you two have been killed by your dumb dogs
that you wanted to get instead of my cool face cat
who looks like Joey Pants.
You stinkers.
Joey Pants face cat could talk anyone into murdering you though.
It's a cat with a mouth
and that mouth pet is mightier than the sword kind of thing.
That cat could lead a rebellion.
It could create sort of a krang suit around itself.
Oh, absolutely.
I'm as surprised as anybody
but we're gonna have to take a break at this point
and go to the proverbial money zone.
I want to tell you about Zip Recruiter.
You gotta hire people for stuff.
Look around you.
You have all the cubicles set up.
You bought the coffee.
You have all the spreadsheets ready to be filled in
but what did you forget?
You forgot to hire people and you know what's not smart?
The way hiring used to be
or like job sites that overwhelm you
with tons of the wrong resume.
I'll tell you what is smart.
Going to ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
Zip Recruiter is powerful.
Matching technology finds the right people for you
and actively invites them to apply.
You're not just waiting.
You're not just waiting.
They say, hey, you're perfect.
Get in here.
So it's no wonder that Zip Recruiter is rated number one
by employers in the US
and this rating comes from hiring sites on Trustpilot
with over a thousand reviews
and right now our listeners can try Zip Recruiter for free
at ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
That's ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
Would the face on the cat age in relation to the cat's body?
The cat never dies nor does the dog.
Okay, because just thinking about it getting old and wrinkly
very, very fast just kind of bum me out.
But if it's eternal, then that's better.
Can I tell you all about Casper though?
Yes.
They are fantastic.
They have the mattresses.
They have the mattresses that you need.
They're the mattresses that you want.
They're the mattresses that you crave.
Delicious scrumptious mattresses.
The mattress you deserve.
On the table.
They are so good.
We're supported by Casper this week.
They're a sleep brand that continues to revolutionize
its line of products to create an exceptionally comfortable
sleep experience one night at a time.
They got affordable prices because they cut out the middleman
and sell directly to you.
We, I think, all have Casper mattresses at this point.
And my guests, when they stay at our house, get rave reviews.
Well, they give them, but they also get them.
Before they lay down on the bed, I say, listen, here's how good
this bed's going to be.
Charles M.
Oh, I thought you meant you look at them and you say,
let me tell you how great you are.
You're doing great.
But Charles M. from Des Moines says this mattress is da bomb.
Five stars.
So look forward to it.
Their mattresses combine multiple supportive memory foams
for a quality sleep surface with the right amounts of both
sink and bounce.
You can be sure of your purchase with Casper's 100 night
risk-free sleep on a trial.
And you can get $50 towards select mattresses by visiting
Casper.com slash brother and using the promo code
brother at checkout.
Terms and conditions apply.
How about another message here from Jenny?
And it's for Peter.
And it goes a little something like this.
Happy meat-aversary, Peter.
Now this one, I'm going to be real clear and say it's
M-A-E-T-aversary, Peter.
You are so wonderful.
And every moment with you is pure magic.
Thank you for introducing me to bim bam, saw bones,
and wonderful.
I'm super excited for our next loft's adventure and cuddles
in the coming years.
I cannot wait to marry you.
I love you to the moon and back.
And that is so sweet and was supposed to be read eight
months ago, but it's still so sweet is the thing about it.
And you know what else is sweet?
Like saw bones is good.
Wonderful is good.
But have you tried shmanners?
And that message comes to us from Travis.
Yeah, pay me and Justin $100 right now.
I will in kisses.
No, Venmo me $100 fucking dollars right now, you creep.
You know what?
I'm going to do the other one too, because that's how I'm going
to do it.
It's for Dylan and it's from your cat, special boy.
Oh, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
Meow.
Hello.
I love you.
Sorry I don't understand soft paws and break the no slapping
rule constantly.
Also, sorry for running out the front door all the time.
The hallway is just so interesting, but also scary.
So please continue to rescue me.
Meow.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
That's great.
How did the cat get the money to can face cat get a job in
like customer service?
Yeah, yeah.
I'm all about that.
Love this crazy cat.
Crazy cat, but then hand dog could totally be a typist or
manual labor for sure.
This is what I'm saying.
Not enough people are interested in manual labor jobs like
mechanic and plumber and electrician.
Hand dog could fill in that it is.
It is starting to raise the question of which one could move
out, which is usually desirable.
Which one can become autonomous and not my problem.
I feel like face cat is going to be able to get a social
security number much easier than hand dog would, right?
Hand dog could drive.
No, here's what it's going to be in the eyes of the law.
And this is it.
This is a dog with human hands.
This is a human with a cat body.
Oh, you're right.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, it's true.
He has a passport now because he's a human with a cat body.
We can't discuss, but I'm not going to give a passport to a
fucking dog.
Note this far, no further.
A sister's guide to teens through the ages.
I am a teenager and I was two.
Butts, butts, butts, butts, butts.
My husband and I live in a small haunted apartment building
with just six units, mostly occupied by other couples and
also some ghosts.
We've lived here for seven years and have become friendly
with some of the other tenants, occasionally having meals or
cocktails at each other's places.
Here's my dilemma.
When I'm at another tenant's place and I have to use the
bathroom, should I use the one there or leave and use my own
mere steps away?
Oh, huh.
Of course, I want the sweet, sweet security of my own
porcelain haven.
But is that weird or even insulting?
So far, I just held it and waited until I got home.
That's the right answer.
Usually, when we socialize with other tenants, it's just us and
the other couples.
So it's not like a party situation where I could just
slip out and back unnoticed.
Help me.
There's no place like home in San Francisco.
This one, this is so easy.
Can we just move on to the next?
Because you can give a nearby guest your pee pee, but you
can't give them your poo poo.
If it's a poo poo, you have to go home and do it there.
If it's a pee pee, you do it wherever you want.
I'm so glad we agree, Griffin.
Yeah, because we've dealt with that with our hotel rules.
If you're hanging out in a friend's hotel room and yours
is 20 feet away, you can give them your pee pee, but you
can't give them your poo poo.
That's it.
Next question.
Huge problem.
Do you have to explain that?
If what you're saying is the accepted law and from your
tone, that is, it seems to be settled law from what you're
saying, then we are creating a culture where if you say,
excuse me, I have to go to my apartment for approximately
five to 10 minutes.
You are then announcing your intent to have a bowel
movement, which is not necessarily part of the culture
is not announcing I'm going to go shit.
We just, it's simply not done.
Well, another part of the culture is not dropping a big
one inside of this domicile when yours is so very close
and they're definitely going to notice how long you've
been in there and they're also going to notice the bad
smells that you did make with all of your process.
Not necessarily arguing that.
I'm arguing that if you have this standard where I pee
pee at your house, I poo poo at mine, you are making it
so people can always track if you've left to go poo poo,
which is not great.
This is why we need a social understanding.
We need something like how pirates have the black spot
where you just like slide a card onto the table and
everyone knows what that card means, but in using that
card, everyone is also agreeing like if this was me,
we would all pretend like this wasn't happening.
And let me also say, if I know that the two of you left
my house or room so that you could go and poo poo somewhere
else, when you come back, I will have a Harry and David
cheese basket waiting for you as a thank you gift.
I don't know why you think this is an embarrassing thing
as much as it is me knowing that you've done me a great
service this day.
I cannot tell you how many times every single one of us
on this call have been on tour with the other ones and
they've been in their room and they say, well, I'm going
to wreck your bathroom real quick and then go back to
my room.
It happens constantly.
Yeah, but now we must put away our childish things.
Please do not poo poo in my hotel room anymore.
It is so bad.
I don't know what you two do.
Well, because here's the thing, it's especially why
you're doing your favorite because you could wreck your
bathroom and leave three minutes later.
Like you're basically saying like, this is yours now.
You know what I mean?
Like, no, no, no, no, no.
And if they don't notice right away and pin it on you,
they're going to pin it on somebody who uses the bathroom
at some point.
It's just so bad.
Poo poo at home.
Can I do a Yahoo?
Yes, please.
Here's a good one.
This one is sent in by lots of people.
It's from a Yahoo answers username, Jack, who asks,
do planes, do planes move faster, slow?
When I look at a sky plane, look slow.
I run faster than I see plane move.
Like what?
How plane look like move so slowly?
Well, it's okay.
So, and they won't teach you this in school because
they're afraid, but basically the plane hovers in the air
and then the earth turns underneath it.
Okay.
And then the plane lands back down.
Yeah, they're part of that's probably right, Trav.
So like, I would say the plane moves probably about as fast
as question askers running, but then add to that rotation
of the earth.
And that's why the plane gets to Phoenix slightly faster
than if you ran to Phoenix.
Okay.
Yeah.
So if I could jump up super high, like a Mario brother,
I could be in Phoenix right now.
I wouldn't like, it would be like that movie Jumper,
but quite literally.
Yeah.
So that's why skipping is faster.
Huh?
Yeah.
Here is the problem.
Yeah.
Sky is big.
Oh damn.
And plane fast, but sky is big.
And not like ground.
Ground is small and you can walk around pretty much
anywhere you want to, but sky is so big that it take plane
long time to cross.
So that is the main kind of issue is that sky so big.
But less to move around.
Less to move around, Travis is right.
Ground, building, mountain, tree.
Now the problem is I go in house and sky go away.
So it can't be that big, can it?
Fickle.
Yeah, it's a fickle baby.
Well, sky sneaky.
Let's also remember, hold your thumb up and look at plane.
Plane.
Plane very small.
It's so fucking small.
And I don't know how they do like the shrinking machine
inside of it or when, because I've been on so many planes
and I've never felt the shrinking machine go off,
but I know they're using it.
Maybe that's why you're not allowed to stand up when the
plane's like going up because it's shrinking very quickly
and your bones aren't good and you might fall over.
Griffin, you dullard.
The Earth is getting bigger.
That's ridiculous because it would have to get bigger
for every flight that's going on.
Yes.
No, Travis, no, come on.
You're getting kind of silly, Trav.
We were all having a lot of fun.
No, I'm telling you, hey Travis, I know it's a little out there.
We were all just having a lot of fun.
I'm a big Earther.
I'm sorry.
That's a real hand dog way of thinking about this situation.
Just telling you, Earth get bigger.
I'm the one who looks at the glass and says, face cap.
Do you think this has been our weirdest episode of like 2018?
Oh, it's our spookiest one for sure.
So I have a coworker who took my cookie.
It was a wrapped cookie like you would pick up at a gas station.
So it definitely was obvious that it wasn't for sharing.
It was meant as a treat for me between doing work.
Another coworker told me he saw him take a big bite out of it
and set it down like it was his.
When confronted about the cookie, he said,
Oh, my bad, you can punch me if you'd like.
With no offer of recompense, brothers, what do I do?
I just wanted a sweet chocolate chip treat
that's from Lost Munch in Midland.
That is amazing because what it has said is like,
I can't make it up to you.
I don't have another cookie.
But we're square because I offered you the chance to do violence to me.
Yeah, I'll shoot.
Well, beat my ass, I guess.
Hey, no, it's not my kink.
I don't know why you...
No, I eat your cookie and you beat my ass.
It's just a regular thing.
I don't understand.
Yeah, this is how we do the cost of doing business.
I knew when I took a bite of that cookie,
I was running the risk of getting my ass beat.
And that's why I justified it
and thought it was an okay thing to do to unwrap a wrapped cookie.
Unbelievable.
You fucking murderer.
That is definitely the calculation that this person did, right?
Like, if I bite this cookie, they're probably gonna wanna punch me.
But I will have gotten a bite of the cookie.
You shouldn't work at this place anymore.
That's obvious, right?
We're all agreed on this.
You have to get a new job.
You can't work with a person like this.
No way, no how, no where.
This is step maybe two, maybe three of like a 10-step path
in which they end up probably killing you.
Now, can you punch them so hard they go through the glass of the vending machine?
And then you can reach in and get all the fucking famous Amos that you want.
A victimless crime.
A victimless, well, there's two victims, actually, as far as I can tell.
It's a double victim crime.
The person you punched in Amos?
And Amos.
Amos Lee.
Famously, that's why he calls himself Famously Amos Lee.
What would they have done if you had just fucking laid them out?
They might have.
What if you had punched him so hard that he died?
What if you punched him in his appendix and at first-
Like your dainty and he died.
And then you had, oh, happy Halloween.
But then you had to go to court and the judge was like,
so what happened?
And you're like, well, long story short,
he took a bite of my cookie, so I killed him.
Yeah, the jury would find you guilty,
but then the coroner would run in last minute and be like,
hold up, we just finished cutting his tummy open.
There is a bite of cookie in there.
And then the judge is like, okay.
And then note in his pocket that says,
if I took a bite of someone's cookie,
they're allowed to punch me as hard as they can.
Did you do it though?
That's what I need to know is if you did it,
because you didn't say if you did it or not.
Because if not, what you need to do is you need to wait.
You need to hold that and then one day punch him.
And when he's like, what the hell?
You're like, that's for the cookie.
Yeah, and he didn't specify where to punch him.
You could punch him on the crown of his head
and he wouldn't like that, I bet.
Ooh, wait till he's eating a cookie.
This could be years later and you punch his hand,
knock that cookie right out of his fucking hand
so it shatters on the ground.
Yeah, yeah, that's good.
Yeah, that's fucking good.
Punch his butt so hard his wallet comes out
and you get cookie buying money from it.
There's a lot of options actually.
It depends on how accurate your punches are.
Can you punch a wallet out of a dude's butt pocket?
This week on Mythbusters.
This week we brought it back for this one special
and it's a McElroy Brothers special.
Can a cat have a face?
Where should you poo poo?
Where should you make poo poo?
Poo poo.
We tried doing it at our friend's house.
He didn't like it.
Myth confirmed.
I got a Haunted Doll watch.
Yeah, I know, that's what that song means.
It's a Halloween episode and I thought this was perfect
to help us bridge the gap between seasons
so I was very excited to find it.
Got a Haunted Doll Gloria active paranormal winter
slash Christmas spirit dolls.
Ooh.
I am sharing my special winter
and Christmas spirit doll collection.
Meet Gloria.
She was 22 years old when she passed away.
She had high ambition to accomplish a lot of different-
Happy holidays!
Happy holidays.
She had a high ambition to accomplish
a lot of different things.
She was an activist and often would protest
against issues that she felt were unjust.
I'm not sure how she died
but she has strong willed, independent spirit.
She will speak up when she sees someone lying
or treating someone else badly or unfairly
by slamming a door or turning her lights off
to get your attention.
I have heard her yell no before
when she didn't like something.
She will talk to you through a spirit board
and in your dreams.
She is a loving, compassionate spirit
who really cares about what happens to others
and will watch over you and your family
with protection and care
and will stick up for you when needed.
Do you know how bad your self-confidence has to be
for you to be like,
don't let my doll hear you talking that way
because she's got my back.
Yeah.
The doll itself is 16 inches high
and has brown curly hair and blue eyes.
She's wearing a beautiful dark blue velvet dress
with white fuzzy trim and has a matching hat.
She has bloomers, socks, and black boots.
She is also holding a silver gift.
Gloria will make a wonderful Christmas gift
for you or someone you love.
I don't know what is wilder.
Or the idea that you would say,
Merry Christmas, it's a doll with a dead activist inside.
Or that you would say,
Merry Christmas, me, surprise,
I got you a haunted doll for yourself.
Maybe you need someone who's gonna give you
that little boost of self-confidence every day.
Who's gonna be like,
here's you like looking in the mirror
and you're like,
ugh, I don't wanna, I'm such a loser.
And then you hear a door slam and you're like,
hey, thank you, doll, you're right.
You hear the doll yell, no!
Is that what it sounds like?
Can you imagine being anywhere at your house
at any time of day with any number of people there
with any level of security
that you feel in your heart of hearts
and just hearing yelled out loud, no!
That's bad, that's bad, that's not good.
What if a face cat did it, Griffin?
Then I would know, I would expect it,
I would anticipate it.
Yeah, I mean, how is this doll boosting my self-confidence?
Is it like a Teddy Ruxpin
where it's got a cassette tape of Wilson Phillips' hold on in it?
Because I could be for that, I could be all about that.
It's just there is never gonna be another doll.
Justin, you've jumped the fucking shark.
You cannot shock me anymore with this segment
after the very sexual, very sensual spirit.
You can't do it anymore.
Yeah, I'm gonna have to go back to the woodshed
and chop up some of these dolls,
glue them back together,
and see if we can find something a little spookier
than a sexual doll.
The thing is that this doll,
I just didn't know that dolls had seasons and trends.
Because if you look at this doll,
like its dress is blue,
and it looks kind of like it has that frosted,
kind of snow-like trim,
and it's got like silver holly on it.
And it's definitely a Yuletide haunted doll.
A question for you.
If you had this haunted doll that was very Christmassy,
would you feel okay about packing it up
10 and a half months out of the year?
How would you feel about that?
If this thing's yelling no in my house,
I believe it will find itself packed up 12 out of 12 months.
No, but-
That's worse.
I actually, I'm more okay with the doll randomly
like from a shelf somewhere yelling no
instead of yeah, for the ad, I just no, no, no, no, no, no.
We're talking about maybe the most effective form
of elf on the shelf imaginable.
Because it's not just like,
oh, don't steal a cookie because it's a sin, I guess,
and the elf will tell Jesus
and you won't get any presents or heavenly reward
at the end of your life.
You also have this doll as maybe backup for this elf
who literally will chide the child,
just chide them so good and so loud and so scary.
Oh boy, it's kind of sad, this one.
Oh no, I just got a sad doll.
You know, I don't know.
All right.
I bummed myself out with this one
because somebody is gonna buy themselves
a haunted doll for Christmas.
Oh yeah, yeah.
That bums me out, I shouldn't have thought about that.
Well, maybe it could be like a Christmas shoe situation.
Ooh.
And it's like if mama meets Jesus tonight
and needs a ghost to guide her up the spiral pathway
into the crystal heavens.
If mama meets Jesus tonight,
I wanna have a doll for her spirit to leap into.
I'm channeling my mom's ghost into this special Christmas doll.
Do they sell husks on eBay or is that just,
can I go, if I go into any like American girl store,
is it just Husk City, baby?
Husk, Husk City.
The way this population is expanding daily,
we are soon going to have two designations,
dolls and not haunted dolls.
Those would be the two different things there are
because it would be such a rarity to find
one that doesn't have a ghost inside of it.
Yeah, it's like trying to find an apartment.
You know what I mean?
You're gonna have to find a real,
like when you die, you're like,
I'd really like to,
but I can't find an empty doll anywhere, Jesus.
Yeah, this is how like Polly Pocket
and all that shit came about.
This is just sort of efficiency.
Just that you get a big box full of Polly Pockets,
you fit like, you know, 60,000 people in that one.
You ever see that Matt Damon movie?
Yep, it's awesome.
He gets shrunk down and he gets put in a hell box
full of just a bunch of writhing flesh.
It's really, it's funny.
It's a funny movie.
Honey, I Shrunk the Matt, I believe it was called.
Meet Matt, because he pilots a giant Matt Damon.
Hey folks, that's going to do it for us
for this episode of our podcast,
My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
We hope you've had a deliciously spooky time with us here.
We would remind you, though, that you should please go vote.
Please go vote, freaking people, please.
Did I go vote? Did I go vote?
Did you? Please go vote.
So we got a mailing list that is going to get rolling here.
The first one may have already gone out, possibly.
Is that possible?
May have, but you want to sign up for it.
Go to bit.ly forward slash McElroy Mail, M-A-I-L.
It's not a pyramid scheme.
And a lot of people have been buzzing about that.
I don't know who keeps saying that.
It's not a pyramid scheme, just a regular mailing list.
I also want to say, if you are anywhere near the Cincinnati area,
I've got one of my Underground Society shows
coming up November 16th.
You can get tickets for that at bit.ly slash cus November 2018.
We've got a lot of fun guests,
and you can come out and hang out with a bunch of cool people,
and you'll find out who the guests are once you get there
and join the society or whatnot.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Fantastic song, fantastic album, good band, great band, great dude,
good times, great oldies.
I also want to thank MaxFun for having us on the network.
Go to maximumfun.org.
Just start clicking on shit, and you will find so many good shows.
And you're going to love listening to them.
We have other stuff at mcroyshows.com.
Anything else, boys?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We've got exciting new stuff at mcroymerch.com,
including, I believe, some like Candle Night stuff
you should go check out.
And also, we've got our shows coming up in Denver and Austin,
so please send your questions in for that
with Denver and Austin in the subject line.
And the Adventure Zone graphic novel, Book 2,
is available for pre-order now at theadventurezonecomic.com.
How about a final Yahoo?
Yes, please.
It was sent in by Adrian Cowles.
Thank you, Adrian.
It's an anonymous Yahoo Answers user
who I'm going to call Julian, who asks,
if I can catch a scorpion, does it become my pet?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad, square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
We've all made mistakes in book club, right?
You drink a little too much.
You don't actually read the book.
And if you're under the bubble in Fairhaven,
your individual will get subsumed by the collective.
Hey, maybe I just let him go and whip us up some guac.
We do not require guac.
We require only nutrients and expansion.
You will become book club.
You will eat, pray, and love with us.
Join us.
Eat, pray, and love with us.
Join book club.
Bubble.
The sci-fi comedy from Maximumfun.org.
Just open your podcast app and search for Bubble.
