The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, me, and advice show from the modern
era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin Andrew McElroy.
Guys, what's still funny? Very little, it seems.
What's still funny is the thing for me. You know what, Justin? I don't know about
funny. I don't know from funny anymore. What's still funny? We're supposed to punch
up, not down. Everybody's down. Yeah, we can punch side to side.
I can punch you, and you can punch Griffin. Let's try punching each other.
Lateral punches. Let's give that a shot. Okay, let me go. Travis, the noise of you
eating peanut M&Ms when we began was profane. But I did it off mic, Justin.
No, you didn't, bud, because I just told you what you were eating.
No, sorry, sorry. I did it off audience mic. The audience didn't have to. Just you.
Just you, my brother. Yeah, but I got it.
I don't like this. I don't like us punching side to side.
No punching sideways. Travis, did you send questions?
We going to do those, or it feels... Maybe not questions this time. I don't know.
Questions feels... Okay, let's talk about... Listen,
this is negative for everyone. Let's acknowledge something up front.
This situation is negative for everyone to different degrees.
Yes. This is not news to us.
We are going to push forward in the best way that we can sort of manage in our sort of twisted...
Let's shut up. First of all, can you guys fucking wait for the South Park episode about this?
Holy shit, guys. I said that fucking phrase out loud.
Oh, no. But I don't think they're in production.
I think everybody stopped production. See, you can't even get like a little twist
of South Park humor joke going right now. Hey, can I tell you guys something real
from the heart? Yeah, sure.
I guess. I had a lot of funny stuff to say
about South Park, but go ahead, Travis. I know.
I'm so happy to be talking to you two boys. Oh, God, I know.
Because if I'm being honest, even though I spent time with my family,
I have spent a little too much time with myself. Oh, I see.
Yeah, last night, I found the entire season of Boy Meets World on Disney+.
So I was watching some episodes of that, which led me to thinking about the Lawrence Brothers,
which, and this is not an exaggeration for the podcast, I became very worried about the
Lawrence Brothers. I hadn't heard from them in a while.
And I found myself having real emotional investment in making sure that the Lawrence
Brothers are doing okay. In the context of the global pandemic?
Okay, so you're just saying you're worried about early 2019 Lawrence Brothers.
Yeah, I'm just saying I've kept up with most brothers in the game.
I know what's going on, but we get the newsletters. Right, but the Lawrence Brothers,
I realized it's been a solid grip since I heard anything about those fools.
And I was worried about them, but they're Wikipedias.
It seems like everything's okay. Good, good, good.
I think that's the secret, right? We're all anxious people.
And when I say all, I mean literally every person listening to this.
And if you are listening to this and you don't have anxiety, what are you doing, man?
Yeah, give me a snoot of that. Yeah, let me have a huff of whatever
you're huffing, pal, because I would love to ride that Bronco.
But, you know, it's maybe you can occupy your anxiety with something completely demented,
like what are the Lawrence Brothers up to? And then you can-
Griffin, let me be clear, not what are they up to? Are they okay?
Are they okay? Are they good?
Are they doing well? Are they-
Here's the thing, it's three child actors in that family,
and all three of them seem to be doing okay, statistically.
But they're in cloaking mode. Yes.
Here is one bad thing, is I will tell you guys up front,
I wanted to come hot with a fun segment.
Not a lot of innovation in the fast food space right now.
Shoot, Juice. That innovation has ground to a halt.
And I know what you're thinking, it seemed to have been all upside so far
with this unpleasantness, but now there's a downside as well.
And it is fast food innovation has ground to a halt.
When we needed them most. I know.
Here's a new innovation, if any of the fast food industry is listening.
Yeah. What if it was-
And what excuse do they have? Yeah, right?
What if it was like food, but I went to the store and bought it,
and then I could make it at home, so no other human hands ever touched it?
That's them's groceries. That's groceries.
Yeah, you made groceries. You know what?
I knew it as soon as I said it, I was like, yeah, you're right.
Okay, what about this? A bigger drive-through window,
so like eight people can be getting food all at once.
We're veering towards food train, Trav.
So yeah, we've also covered food train.
Okay, food train, if you are not aware of the deep lore,
food train is an innovation where all the world's food would be art.
No, sorry, all the nation's food would be on a single train
that would be like a roving food truck
that could move along and expand or attract capacity as needed.
Yeah, right.
And crucially, it was staffed by sexy robots.
Yeah, because the full surface was so hot.
Yeah, whose bodies were grills, and they all look like Mark Ruffalo.
I've watched this bit recently.
I forgot that part.
The sexy Ruffalo bots and everybody wanted to get on the train
because it looks so sexy and hot.
Would we be, as a nation, in a better or worse scenario
if the nation had heeded our warnings about food train
some three years ago or however long ago it was
when we sort of breathed that into existence?
I think one would fix the other.
I think one would fix the other.
Which one would fix the other one, Griffin?
Yep.
Oh, like Seabiscuit fixed all of us, that kind of thing.
But also how we kind of fix Seabiscuit, if you think about it.
Thank you, we did.
We did fix Seabiscuit.
Because we made a movie about him,
and without that, he's just another horse.
Hey, do you guys think we could get a bunch of podcasters
together and make a viral video of us all singing
like Wild Honey Pie or...
Actually, I think we, Griffin, I hate to sort of tone police you,
I think we're switching back to popular.
I think we're gonna stop calling videos and stuff viral,
and I think we're just gonna start calling that popular again.
Oh, that's good, I like that.
I like that a lot.
But we could do like, we could get fucking Joe Rogan
and do like Dizzy Miss Lizzy or like Eleanor Rigby or something.
That's so close-minded.
What about Sex and Candy by Marcy's Playground?
That could be super strong, and I would think that, Trav,
we would make that video, Travis?
Yeah.
And I think it would do something out there.
Well, because here's what I'll say,
here's what I see an opportunity for, baby boom, right?
Everybody was talking before this, there's not enough babies.
Everyone agreed.
I have not been particularly horny the past month or so, Trav.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
We're all locked up, but we don't have the hornet.
What if we do Sex and Candy and everyone's like, oh shit.
Oh, actually, yeah, let's reproduce.
Yeah, right?
They hear that, as everyone can agree,
Sex and Candy by Marcy's Playground is the sexiest song on Earth
because it's about the two things people like most.
Right there on the 10, right there on the 10.
And so you hear Sex and Candy and you're like,
well, I really don't feel like it,
and I think we were supposed to socially distance each other,
even in our own homes.
I'm not certain about that part, but-
I tried to convince my kids that that was the case.
They just weren't buying it.
Yeah.
So let's get Robert Kralwich on the phone,
and we'll get him to drop a verse of Sex and Candy.
Justin, do you know him?
Or just the whole thing.
Get Robert Kralwich, yeah, that'll be our Imagine video.
It's just Robert Kralwich singing all of Sex and Candy front to back.
Yep.
Can I tell you guys the traveling thing
about some of these ideas that we tend to throw out there?
They're getting you too horny.
No, it's that I now have this bad part of my brain that's like,
what the fuck else are they doing?
You know, like we could get-
I've been thinking like, is this the moment that we should try
to get like bag some big celebs?
Yeah.
Like, yeah.
You know, business as usual for us, I mean, except if I can find the time
to keep coming down here and doing this.
But like, I know a lot of Hollywood and TV are sort of in suspension right now.
We had a couple of projects kind of thrown into disarray by this.
So we are speaking from a reasonably educated stance here.
Should we try to bag some big ones?
I think we could get a Richard Gere.
Like that feels like a reach for not just like scale wise,
but also just like demographic wise.
I feel like a Richard Gere is out of our reach in many ways,
but maybe a Richard Gere type.
I'm not even saying necessarily Richard Gere.
We could-
No, Richard Gere's good, Trav.
Let's talk about that for a second.
Because what I like about that is extremely difficult to attain.
And I think also my best guess would be a very bad match for the energy of this program.
Between those two, I think that's an interesting submission.
Griffin, who do you have?
Can we get a- No, it's Richard Gere, Justin.
Because we're going to give Richard Gere podcast glow up, baby.
Yes!
We're going to turn this motherfucker into a real popular sensation on the internet.
It's really hard to not say that word.
And I think that we can make him good at Fortnite.
I think that we can make him talk about TikTok.
I think we can make him whip a Nae Nae.
What up, GearHeads?
It's me, Richie Boy.
Coming at you live.
Be sure to smash that like and subscribe button.
GearHeads is good.
Smash that.
Smash them.
And I'm going to open up a box of small toys.
And this one's for kids.
I'm Richard Gere.
What's in this box?
It's going to have some marbles and hard candies in there.
Hey kids, smash the like, bud.
I just got legitimately excited to watch Richard Gere open some blind bags
with complete enthusiasm.
Yeah, I got the new LOLs, glow ups, season three, rip them open.
This is advertorial content.
Just got to get that out there.
And remember guys, if you're not sleeping on Casper, you're not really sleeping.
Okay, so let's open these bags.
This is how we're going to whip this thing's ass.
Is not saying what can Richard Gere do for us?
Yes.
But what can we do for Richard Gere?
Yes, yes.
And by Richard Gere, sometimes I also mean other people who actually need help in the world.
Well, sure.
Right now, hypothetically, we're going to start with making Richard Gere a top tier YouTuber.
And if I could just sort of do, maybe I get in touch with Ninja and I say,
Ninja, can Richard Gere be you for a day?
Yeah, that would be good.
And Ninja gets to live, trading spaces with Richard Gere and Ninja would be good.
Richard Gere has to go on and try.
If you just try to log on to Ninja's computer, if you can figure out how to start on Twitch,
you can phone three 13 year olds that you know and they can try to help you.
See, and he's going to fucking get it.
No, we're releasing this on Monday.
We're probably fine.
Fine.
Listen, I've seen some of our celebrities already.
Listen, everybody's saying, imagine that was great.
We were-
We love that.
Not asked to get in on that.
I got to give a shout out to my man, Sam Neal, who we have talked about during the Celebrity Wine,
Why Not segment.
Sam Neal put out a video of himself and this is the entirety of the video.
Sam Neal says, hey, I'm doing okay.
Of course, he looks fucking great.
Yeah.
So sexy.
Out on his like vineyard, wherever, hold up like, well, I'm in isolation.
He's like, I don't know.
I didn't know what to do with myself.
So I washed all my shoes.
And then he shows a shot of all his clean shoes.
He's like, but I don't have anywhere to wear them.
But man, and then he picks one up and just gets a snoot fall.
He's like, man, do they smell good?
Anyway, hope your family is doing well.
Sam Neal, that's the best you got.
This is amazing because it's-
Man, you've been in isolation for four days and you're already washing your shoes?
It sets a bar for us, doesn't it?
Because I don't know the decorum.
I would love to make the world fucking laugh and share a Pepsi,
but I also don't want to be, you know, unrespectful.
But now I have a bottom, a baseline of like what I can put out into the world.
And it's me in my own vineyard, huffing my clean, expensive shoes.
That's the bottom of it.
Top of it is the imagine video.
Now I want to put out a video that's like me in my vineyard.
And I'm like, I'm in isolation and I didn't know what to do.
So I just did a bunch of research on the Lawrence brothers to make sure they were okay.
And then I just like huffed some pictures of the Lawrence brothers.
Like maybe I've printed out their Wikipedia.
And I say, man, this Wikipedia smells great.
And then I just eat the pages.
That's good too.
Or we could have Richard Gere and Sam Neal have a grape fight in his vineyard.
But from six feet away.
From six feet away.
You got to.
Should we do a question just to get our sea legs under us?
I want to say one other thing.
Slightly more seriously, but it's on my heart.
And I don't know how to like process this otherwise.
We have gone at, for the past, like let's call it nine and a half years.
We've tried, cause we've been doing the show for 10 almost.
Gonna be a big anniversary soon.
But we've been doing the show for a while.
And for the bulk of it and like most of our professional careers,
we've made it our goal, like try to have fun without hurting people
and trying not to like make things worse or make people feel bad really
is what I should say.
But I feel like everyone is in the same boat in a sense,
which should be like easier to make that easier.
But everybody's in very different boats
because it's going to impact everybody differently.
So we're just trying, we're going to try.
I don't know.
It's a tough time.
I'm obviously like, again, I have to put this like corollary and everything,
but like it's harder for a lot of people.
It's easier for some people, I'm sure.
So we're trying, we're going to try our best
and it'll be a learning process.
But like, we're not going to stop.
We can't stop.
No, we could.
We could.
I mean, yeah, but they canceled all our dang tours.
So we do have to keep the lights on.
To be fair, I've got nothing else to do.
Nothing else to do.
So please, you know, hang in there with us
and we will hang in there with you
and we'll get through this thing together
and it will continue to be like the show,
but it'll be different because everything's different now.
But we're still here to provide an oasis for you
in as much as we can.
Drink our cool waters.
Drink these calm, cool waters.
Drink a sip of these calm, cool waters
and we're going to do our best to make this fun for everybody.
Obviously, if you're already struggling,
I know a lot of people, especially in like service industries
and restaurants, bars, et cetera,
that are already like in pain and we love you
and hang in there.
Justin, that was very nice.
Thanks, Travis.
You like didn't, you barely even let me finish
before you said that.
So I feel like you had that queued up.
No, it's just so exciting.
I really didn't mean it.
I thought it could have been better.
Oh, well.
Wow.
Okay, well, you can punch it up in editing.
Maybe add some strings.
Sure, let me add like some like.
Oh, let me.
Woo, go Justin.
Woo, slam dunk.
Griffin, you can edit this in wherever.
Okay, and I'll drop that in.
And let me do this one.
You the man.
That was good.
My son's gonna wake up from his nap.
Travis, I have to ask you about these questions real quick.
What epoch of human civilization are they from, would you say?
They're from the before time.
Okay, well, that'll be fun.
We have a limited supply of these bad boys.
Yeah, this is from all the way back March 16th.
Oh, I'm looking at currently.
Oh, and they're all titled,
roommate keeps drinking their own pee?
Question mark, question mark, question mark.
So this is like 1700 of those.
So that'll be a hot topic.
I actually have a question here, can't, may I?
No.
Rittle me piss, boys.
Oh my God.
I'd rather drink my own pee.
It's the thing that's gonna get us out of this funk.
Rittle me piss, Justin.
I would argue that the thing that's gonna get us out of the funk
is doing the thing that you usually do.
But this is good.
Actually, I would rather do this now, Juice,
where it's at the beginning,
and then we can recover from it
instead of having it hit us in the middle
and knock us off balance.
Give me a feast,
give me something I can really sink my fucking teeth into, Trav.
This one I find, I think it's revolutionary.
Are you ready?
Let me make a meal of it.
There are three ants.
The first one is at the front.
Second one in the middle and third one at the back.
The front one says that behind me there are five ants.
The middle one says that behind me there are three ants.
And the back one says that there are eight ants in front of me.
How can this be?
Holy shit, Travis.
I cannot even visualize what you are saying.
Do you need me to read it again, Justin?
I mean, I know the version of this riddle
where the numbers aren't just fucking number pasta
just kind of thrown in a bowl and stirred all around.
This one was sent to us by Michael.
Do you need to hear it again?
No, I mean, they're walking in a circle,
but why are there more ants?
Well, the one in front says behind me there are five.
The middle one says behind me there are three.
And the back one says in front of me there are eight.
Did you guys give up?
Oh, they're walking in front of a mirror.
And it's a circle.
They're a circle walking in front of a mirror.
Good guess.
Good guess.
Justin, any guesses?
No, Travis, I don't have any guesses.
Well, the answer is simple.
They are all liars.
Okay.
You can't.
You can't do that.
This is why I love this because this is revolutionary
because this could be like, you know,
a father and son are in a plane crash
and the father dies and the son is rushed to the hospital
but when he gets there, the doctor says,
I can't operate on this child because he's my son.
How can this be?
Answer, he's lying.
We could just have all kinds of questions like this.
What can you put in a barrel to make it lighter?
A fucking lie.
A lie.
What's red and white and green all over?
Nothing.
I lied.
Travis has lied to you.
Okay, here's a question.
My friend is getting a vasectomy soon
and the doctor said he could choose any music he likes.
The doctor warned he would likely associate this music
with the procedure forever afterwards.
Any recommendations?
That's from Sniptoon.
I can only imagine.
Is that one?
Is that anything?
Well, Justin, it seemed like you were coming at this
from the position of let's put a stinker song in there
that you're not gonna be sort of like poisoned by.
You know what I mean?
I can only imagine.
But Justin, you seem to quite enjoy your set.
Yeah, that's what I was trying to capture
was the sort of spirit of rejoicing.
Oh, I see.
A hymn of sorts.
I wish I had had this option because my vasectomy,
the doctors just talked about a bunch of garbage,
a bunch of nonsense.
Do you remember?
Remember any of it?
It was in a sort of Twilight state.
Wait, they gave you Twilight sleep?
We did an episode right after I did it.
I'm sure there's like more details there,
but my brain has not held on to them.
I should go back and listen to it.
Is it just one song long?
It seemed much longer than that.
They're really...
What linked this song?
Is this like an American Pie sort of deal?
Or is it more of a...
I'm gonna do In a God of DeVita, please.
Yeah, because I really want you to take your time down there, yes.
Justin, I'm assuming one of the things that the doctor said
when they were down there was something like,
did you get...
You gotta check out this dude's nuts.
Something like that.
Did you see this dude's huge nuts?
Something like that.
I do remember him saying like,
wow, these are so regular.
Just a normal kind that everybody has.
This just right in the middle of the median.
The whole thing.
It's just so average.
You see him from the outside and you're like,
whoa, big nuts.
But you get in there.
Not that big, dude.
It's an optimal illusion, dude.
Can you believe this?
No, look at it.
Kind of cross your eyes.
It's a rhino.
Dude's got razzle dazzle on his balls.
So sick, dude.
Hey, hey, hey.
Start Amber by 311 over again.
It just ran out.
Flip the tape.
I got distracted.
I just remember I started chanting,
peer sit, peer sit.
Like I'm already...
It's fine down there.
Yeah, you're already there.
What's a good song to get of it?
I mean, Justin, were you hurting for a distraction?
Were you like, boy, I wish I had something else to think about
to get my mind off what's happening down there?
I was high.
I mean, I was high on drugs.
Right, right.
I didn't...
I don't want to...
I was trying to fall asleep and I couldn't.
And they told me I couldn't fall asleep.
I didn't want to be around for it.
I wanted to step out of the building for a few moments
and come back to my ruined penis.
But I couldn't.
I couldn't.
I was like very present in the moment,
but there was just chattering away,
just talking, talking, talking.
Yeah, that's interesting.
I do remember them saying like,
I can't believe this guy's laughing.
That's the one quote I remember.
They couldn't believe that I was like,
chuckling it up.
What were you laughing about?
Can you remember?
No, I really...
My memory...
I feel like I did have memories at the beginning
and whatever, they have been replaced by,
I guess, like animal crossing strats or something.
I don't know.
You're probably laughing because at one point,
one of the doctors was like,
I need that clamp right there and can you hand me these?
And then he just kind of waited.
Just kind of waited.
It's rare that you have...
Doctor, you do this every time.
We can't.
This is our eighth vasectomy today.
Please, please.
I like bro surgeon.
Bro surgeon's my new favorite guy.
Hey, how about a Yahoo?
I do remember this.
After they had given me the gas,
the doctor came in wearing a hooker shell necklace
and I was too late.
I just couldn't...
I couldn't stop.
At that point, it was like,
I can't stand up and walk out.
They were at a gas ring.
I'm in for the ride of my life.
Here is a Yahoo sent in by Adrian Cowles.
Thank you, Adrian.
It's an anonymous Yahoo answers user
who I'm going to call famous.
Asks, in college,
what's the punishment for roughhousing in class?
And then that's the end of the question.
And we're not talking about fighting.
When you fight...
In high school, if you fight,
you're out of here, mister.
Like not in my school.
We're here trying to educate
and enrich these young lives and souls
so that they get to go to heaven.
And I'm talking about roughhousing,
which is kind of just rough play.
Pressing hard in your friend's armpit
and they fall over accidentally.
Like roughhousing, like a noogie.
Yeah, like a noogie, right?
Where you wouldn't necessarily say there's ill intent,
but if you found out later
that that person does not like you,
you'd be like, oh, okay.
This makes a lot of sense now.
Giving a friend a pink belly.
Too much.
Saying, friend, pull up that shirt.
But okay, but I'm in college
and I am learning about law
because I'm about to be a lawyer.
And my friend accidentally lifts up his shirt
and I say pink belly.
I give him pink belly.
Am I going to, what's the...
Like what is the lawyer professor gonna fucking do?
It's not how to get away with murder.
It's not how to get away with pink belly.
What if it was?
What if it was?
Welcome to my new show.
The perfect pink belly.
The perfect pink belly.
Wouldn't that be wild
if you just lift up your shirt and be like,
hey, okay, no one's gonna believe me,
but my belly's pink and it stinks
and I know one of you did it.
Let's show me your hands.
As one lone student just whistles
as they leave out the door
and then it's like, I put it all together.
The lights go off and there's a scream
and a chandelier falls.
Who punctured my belly?
Like candles.
One person has a pink belly.
Somebody pink to Donald.
Who did this?
Everybody put your hand print up
against the hand print on my belly quickly
before it disappears.
Don't have much time.
I'm already moving past this inconvenience.
It couldn't have been me.
I had honey all over my palm
from that sandwich I received.
If I had pinked your belly,
there would be honey residue.
Yeah, and you were loudly announcing
right before the lights went out
how you were really enjoying
your super stinky sandwich.
Yes, so you see, it couldn't be I.
Reginald's slab belly.
You're being really quiet over there, Lawrence.
Oh, Griffin, you're Lawrence.
Oh, yeah, yeah, man.
Oh, yeah, dude.
Oh, man, pink belly, huh?
That's the pits.
Lawrence, I heard thou in the lavatory.
Why do you talk like that?
I'm a foreign exchange student from the past.
I saw a lot of shit in mid school
and high school, vis-a-vis.
Did you call it mid school?
Vis-a-vis.
Yeah, vis-a-vis.
That's what the cool kids call it.
People doing a big fight or a wrestle
or horseplay in class
that got a little out of hand.
Once I did a horse playing class
that got out of hand,
I got detention in middle school.
I accidentally knocked the table over
and it grazed a young girl's leg
and I got written up
and on the pink slip, the teacher wrote,
in an effort to be cute,
Griffin flipped a table over
and mauled a young woman
who then had to go to the hospital.
Like, no, that was true.
And I wasn't trying to be cute.
I didn't appreciate that.
But I got sent to detention.
Nothing like that.
I don't think I ever saw anybody go.
Let's start here.
Does college have detention?
It has to, right?
Because if not-
You live there.
What are the fucking-
You live there.
What are the fucking stakes?
Maybe that's the secret.
Well, hold on.
If in real life,
let's take it one step further.
If in real life I horseplay,
I could go to jail, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They don't call it that.
When you do horseplay
and you hurt someone in real life,
they don't call it horseplay anymore.
No, they call it assault.
They call it assault.
And if I do that in high school,
I go to detention.
Why, Griffin, as you're pointing out,
is college this like safe,
uncanny Middle Valley thing
of just like horseplay here?
You're fine.
You're fine.
I want to know what dies in us
when we graduate high school
where we no longer feel like
doing an awful waffle to our friends
in the middle of our history class.
I don't get it.
Too much going on, I guess.
I guess beer, right?
Oh.
Oh, man.
Is that it?
And probably beer?
Getting laid.
Well, I don't know about that.
Yeah, bro.
So I've gotten laid before
and wanted to do an awful waffle
immediately after.
Really?
Which my sexual partner was not into.
And so I had to quell those dark urges
back inside and write them down
in my sex journal.
Speaking of sex journals,
should we go to the money zone?
Let's go.
We do have a sponsor this week.
It is Honey.
I actually, you know what?
I installed this little doohickey
on my Chrome browser.
And I tell you, it has saved me
a fair bit of money.
It makes it really easy.
Actually, you install it.
There's just a few clicks
and you get it for free.
And then when you get to the apply coupons
part of the checkout,
Honey just checks a bunch of coupons
to see if there's any that will work for you.
And a lot of times,
I'm like, hey, here's one.
I'll save you a few bucks.
It's nice.
I saved like 10 bucks
off a pair of headphones
that I was buying.
Do you think they tried to call
the business money,
but then they mistyped it
that they had already spent
the dollars at GoDaddy?
That's probably it.
Honey works on over 30,000 stores
and they add more every day.
And with over 100,000 five-star reviews,
I mean, they gotta be doing something right.
You know?
It's a cool service.
You should check it out.
Visit joinhoney.com slash brother.
It's free and it installs in just two clicks.
Give it a whirl.
I really think you'll save some cash.
It's joinhoney.com slash brother.
Welcome back to Fireside Chat on KMAX.
With me in studio to take your calls
is the dopest duo on the West Coast,
Oliver Wong and Morgan Rhodes.
Go ahead, caller.
Hey, I'm looking for a music podcast
that's insightful and thoughtful,
but like also helps me discover artists
and albums that I've never heard of.
Yeah, man.
Sounds like you need to listen to Heat Rocks.
Every week, myself and I'm Morgan Rhodes.
And my co-host here, Oliver Wong,
talk to influential guests about a canonical album
that has changed their lives.
Guests like Moby, Open Mike Eagle,
talk about albums by Prince, Joni Mitchell,
and so much more.
Yo, what's that show called again?
Heat Rocks, deep dives into hot records.
Every Thursday on Maximum Fun.
I have a question for you guys.
Okay.
And we're definitely gonna like,
you know, we're gonna be, like I said,
it's gonna be a little mix.
Okay, grip it, not me.
Wait, who's first thing you'll grip?
Oh, well, I don't care if Travis does.
I saved it.
Okay.
Because I wanted to frame Justin,
but then he instantly was like,
it wasn't me.
Can we go back and like,
pretend it was Justin for a while
and do some jacuzzi?
That would be funny.
It would be funny,
but we've already kind of blown it.
Next time, next time.
Next time, two of us will grip it and grip it,
and we will be up to the audience to decide.
Why do you keep, Travis, Travis, Travis.
Yeah.
Where does that voice, what part,
where does that voice deep inside of you?
It's Riddle Me, Piss Guy, and he won't leave.
It's like the third time Riddle Me,
Piss Guy has showed up this episode,
and I wish he would, here's the door.
It's me, Riddle M. Pissworth.
Yeah, get out of here, Riddle M. Pissworth.
I don't want you.
I want Travis.
But I paid to be here.
We love Travis.
I hate you.
Did you hear that, Riddle M. Pissworth?
They finally chose me.
Right before the unpleasantness began,
the last two big hit shows on Netflix that we got like,
I don't know if everybody on this call,
I'm pretty sure almost everybody on this call
got obsessed with at least one of these, right?
The last two big Netflix, like Sweep the Globe,
huge hits, was one, The Circle,
which imprisoned people in apartments
and forced them to only contact each other
through social networking.
Yes. Right?
The second big one right after that is Love is Blind,
where people were put into isolation
and forced to fall in love and marry each other.
Yes.
So my question is this.
Did Taco Bell, not Taco Bell.
Wait, what?
I don't know why I said Taco Bell.
Justin, no, hold on.
Well, why did you just confuse Netflix and Taco Bell, son?
I was thinking about Taco Bell's response to the unpleasantness.
Did Netflix get in right under the wire
or right before peak relevance?
That's my question.
Oh.
Did these show, the timing of these shows is wild either way.
It is wild.
And I hope if this passes prologue
vis-a-vis Netflix's programming,
I sure hope we don't hit,
I sure hope we don't get a bird box.
Yeah, I guess that's true, girl.
Now you're hoping that a real bird box doesn't happen?
But a Terrace House would be fantastic.
No, if Terrace House were to really happen,
that would be so exciting.
That would be so exciting.
Real people would live together
and get to know each other by living together.
That would be incredible.
Instead of a bird box,
I would rather we all do a To All the Boys I've Loved Before
is where I would rather be.
Definitely, definitely.
That's the world I wanna live in.
You know what world I wanna live in?
The Boss Baby world.
Justin, can you make them do Boss Baby world?
Uh, I guess I could try to get the world of Boss Baby going.
Okay.
You seem to know people, Justin.
I don't know how you're all connected, but-
Tell them.
I thought you said-
I want a munch.
Squad.
I want to munch.
Squad.
Squad.
Okay.
You know, there's still gonna be one up in the mix.
Come on, they're not stopping.
All of the others will be turned,
but rising is still Taco Bell.
Okay, now it's-
See, I had my suspicions
when Justin had his Freudian slip of the tongue
that perhaps might be a munch slot on the horizon.
I had that Taco Bell time open,
ready to pull the trigger on it,
and I just went too soon.
Taco Bell-
I want to frame this for y'all
before I get into the press release.
I think that we're going to be talking about
the longest shell ever with the triple lupa.
Huh.
The ultimate reinvention of the fan favorite chalupa.
It's the triple lupa.
I guess what I'm thinking is
there had to be someone at Taco Bell
in the past couple weeks,
as bad as things have been,
I will tell you that there's someone
I've talked about in the past couple weeks
that at some point has had the thought,
man, now nobody's going to talk about the triple lupa.
Yeah.
Three shells, three flavors.
Huh.
The triple lupa triples the flavor
and doubles the beef in Taco Bell's
first tear apart menu item.
Tear apart menu item?
Terror?
Tear apart menu item.
I would argue any item at Taco Bell
is tear apart if you want it.
If you believe.
If you need it.
Yeah.
Taco Bell is no stranger to giving fans
more of what they love.
And now the latest reinvention
of the iconic chalupa gives fans
three times the reason to get excited.
Launching for a limited time
in participating restaurants nationwide
on March 12th.
Ooh.
The tr-
That's tough.
The triple lupa serves as a hands-on experience
with three mini chalupas
featuring three flavors
and double the seasoned beef
compared to the regular chalupa.
Combining three mini chalupas
to create the longest shell
in Taco Bell history.
The triple lupa marks Taco Bell's
first ever tear apart menu item.
It takes all the elements of the chalupa
to the next level
with different flavors
in each of the mini shells.
Nachos.
Do you see how they've become mini shells?
Solely solely by the fact
that there's three of them joined together.
Now they're mini shells.
It's bite size.
It's like they've made a flight of chalupas
but it's like a concentric flight.
There's nacho cheese on one end.
Chipotle on the other.
And a combination of the two.
Cheesy chipotle in the third.
Okay, fuck off.
That's not three flavors.
That's not three flavors.
That's a messy spot in the middle
where you can't separate the two.
Justin, can I ask you a question?
Yeah, I'm not.
Is it about the triple lupa?
Because it's all I care about.
I'm not as in touch with the quick service industry
as you are.
Was there ever a double lupa
or did they just skip straight
from single lupa to triple lupa?
Because if so,
I feel like they have missed
a very important milestone here.
There's a market there for the double lupa
for those of us who are scared of the triple lupa.
Yes.
If we can find a way to fill that niche,
fill the South Park niche,
we're gonna be in the money.
The double lupa is not on sale right now
but it's just called the double chalupa.
Okay, so it's two,
it's a double wide basically.
Yeah, if they-
Double chalupa.
But that's not the same.
If they were gonna skip ahead,
they should have just gone straight to the quadrupa.
Well, that's just two of those squished together
by a very strong man.
That's a good point.
Okay, so the triple lupa,
getting back into the mix here.
Since the introduction in 1999,
the beloved menu item has continuously transformed in shape,
form and ingredients to become the most reinvented
Taco Bell menu item of all time.
Weird brag.
We just can't seem to get this fucking thing right.
All our fans agree.
We can't get this one right.
From flavor innovation like the Baja Chalupa in 2000-
Which wasn't it.
We know it's not a good idea.
Which wasn't it, we know it wasn't it.
We know we missed on that one.
Don't tweet at us anymore, please.
To size innovation with the double chalupa in 2017-
What were we thinking?
We blew it.
At Taco Bell, we recognize and love the fandom
that the chalupa has cultivated over the years.
A fandom that is devoted to essentially a concept.
Really, a brand name, really.
Because this thing has been reinvented so many times.
But fandom to me implies they're out there,
people out there doing cosplay
and writing fan fiction about the chalupa.
Probably there is.
It's an all new flavor and shell experience
with the triple lupa.
That's from Kristen Fudelan,
associate manager of research and development at Taco Bell
and lead product developer behind the triple lupa.
The triple lupa's nationwide launch
gives us the opportunity to celebrate the transformation
of this beloved menu item.
And we can't wait for everyone to taste
this latest innovation.
For the triple lupa's nationwide debut.
I want to thank Taco Bell, honestly, kidding aside.
I haven't thought about anything but the triple lupa
for the past like three minutes
and it's been pretty incredible.
And this one is so long
and there's no way they could have known.
And they made such a long press release for this.
Thank you.
For the triple lupa's nationwide debut,
Taco Bell is partnering with a brand
known for serving up its own reinventions.
Guess, right now, both of you guess.
Oh my God, segue.
Is that a brand?
Travis?
Just an invention?
Oh wait, Tesla.
I take it back, Tesla.
Well, it's TikTok.
Oh.
The short form mobile video platform
serves as the framework for the triple lupa's national TV spot
and is the first time TikTok has partnered with a brand
on a national advertising campaign.
Shot in TikTok's full screen vertical video format,
the ad spot follows the creative, unexpected,
and joyful content the TikTok community is celebrated for,
which I would assume is much less triple lupa focused now
than it would have been two weeks ago.
When I look back at our history with social trends,
I'm proud of the fact that we are always leading the industry
and pushing boundaries.
Whether it's being the first on new platforms
or breaking records on others,
Taco Bell is constantly at the forefront of online trends,
said Tracy LaRocca,
senior VP of brand engagement at Taco Bell,
who must have a very confusing job at the moment.
The most natural step for us would be to partner
with a brand like TikTok.
Yep.
The most natural step for our taco store would be to part...
Where did it go?
Oh, how did it get to here?
Where the most natural step for our taco store
is to partner with this small video because...
Jesus, Justin, we can't say that exact sentence
that you just said out loud about how did we get to here
because it invites you to open up a door
and do a pitch black abyss that I got.
I actually got vertigo from like thinking about it
and I had to close the door.
I can tell you exactly how it happened.
Are you ready for this?
It happened like this.
Yeah.
Picture like a conference room table full of execs,
some young, some not so young.
One of them playing on his phone is Bradley.
He never pays attention during these meetings.
And Mr. Bell, who is of course the owner of Taco Bell,
says, Bradley, what do you think?
And Bradley, without thinking,
just looks over and goes, TikTok?
And that's how it was born.
That's how most business happens.
Yeah.
Because of fucking Bradley and his malfeasance.
And then Bradley said, TikTok-o and everyone lost their shit.
I mean, that's probably it, yeah?
Yeah.
Oh my God, I'm looking at a triple looper right now.
Taco Bell was tweeting about this.
The brand is encouraging fans to jump in on the fun
by participating in an upcoming Taco Bell hashtag challenge on TikTok
and plans to announce more details about the challenge in the coming weeks.
I doubt it.
Taco Bell will also be partnering with select TikTok creators
to inspire fans to reinvent something themselves
and share it on the platform.
So yeah, that one hasn't gotten, I'm looking at Twitter,
and that one hasn't gotten a lot of the traction
you would sort of hope for on that one.
That one hasn't gotten a lot of heat.
I tell you.
The best laid plans, huh?
I'm looking at this wild taco caterpillar
that they have put together for me.
And the only one of these that I'm interested in
is the liminal lupa, the centralized sort of middle of the Venn diagram.
Give me that one.
I want a service that will rip the liminal lupa
out of the middle of this caterpillar and mail it to my house.
Now, what if I get one of these and I got two friends
and one of the friends is like, I want cheesy.
And the other friend said, I want Chipotle.
But here's the thing, guys.
I wanted Chipotle.
I didn't want, now I'm stuck in the middle?
With the, are we each supposed to get our own?
I think you spend as long as you can arguing about that
and then find another vine to swing to.
Yeah, you just enjoy each other's company
for the brief moment you have.
I wouldn't call that enjoying company.
Having a taco fight, Travis, is not enjoyable company.
I'll tell you, Griffin, right now,
I would love to have a taco fight with a human being.
You'd love to have a taco fight, huh?
Yes, that wasn't my wife and kid.
I love my wife and kids, but we've had plenty of taco fights
over the last couple of days.
Yeah, it's not even complete.
You know who's gonna win before you even get started.
And it's BB.
Yeah.
I'm frustrated by another Taco Bell product.
They got a new grande burritos.
I don't have a price list about this one,
but there's two new flavors of the dollar grande burritos.
One of the flavor is called Loaded Taco Burrito.
Huh, what are y'all doing?
What are you doing?
That's just two of the things.
What are you doing?
What if Taco Bell just tweeted like,
hey, right now we realize no one's looking,
so we're just gonna rename everything, everything.
Because none of y'all are paying attention.
We're gonna completely change our menu
by the time y'all get back.
Listen, we're innovators,
and we are not afraid to make bold choices,
and we're gonna move everything just one over to the left.
Yep, and you won't notice.
Good luck.
Just get, you just go to the drive-thru
and like, just give me a bag of sludge and bread, please.
Yep, just whatever conflagration of that,
whatever different permutations you have.
Let me get a meat and bread.
Does that say fettuccine alfredo?
Taco Bell, what the fuck?
Hey, wait, this is two soft tacos.
Yep, you cracked the case.
A conflagration is actually a fire,
but that actually is a plumber, I think, in our situation.
Anyway, this has been my brother, my brother, and me.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
We hope that we could,
and we'll continue to provide a little bit of cheeriness for you.
Hopefully we won't spend as much time couching it,
I think, next week.
It would be wild not to sort of talk about it, I guess.
We're just like everybody.
We're fucking flying by the sea of our pants right now.
We'll, you know, it's like things are,
we normally record on Wednesdays and publish on Mondays.
Like, it seems like things are so drastically different,
even in like a four-day time span.
But, you know, I really, I think we're gonna get through this.
Like, we've been doing this show for almost 10 years.
That's like, if we can do this show for 10 years, you know?
Yeah.
Wait, are you comparing talking to your brothers
for an hour every week to a quarantine?
I was just saying like the time shall pass,
and we will figure out a new way of being.
You're making it sound like once we hit 10 years though,
we're out of the worst of it.
Finally.
I mean, I would hope we're out of the worst of this show.
We're passing through the clouds now.
I real quick just wanted to say,
isolate yourself and wash your hands.
This is the kind of thing where I still see people,
even this far into the whole thing.
I hate to be serious for a minute,
but I see people saying, well, I'm not worried about it.
Well, it's not about you.
It's about everyone.
And there are people that are worried about it.
And the best thing that we could do right now
is to self isolate and social distance
and wash the hell out of your hands.
Please do that.
Yes, do that.
I could just be a good citizen.
Wash your whole body.
A lot of people aren't gonna tell you to do that,
but wash your feet and your butt.
Like do your hands whenever you're near a sink,
but don't forget about the rest of your body too.
I'm worried.
And here's one more thing I would say.
This is just advice from somebody who's lived with anxiety
for basically his whole life.
Do your best to accept your scenario as it changes.
Do your best to just embrace where you're at
and be in that moment
and don't let yourself get too far ahead
because there's no way of knowing.
And you know, we got today, so focus on today.
And really, you know what?
Really, seriously, look at your situation
and say, how could the McElroy brothers address this?
I need advice about the new nuance,
the new meaningless things,
the new meaningless conflicts in my life.
And we will continue to address those
because this is gonna be weird
because a lot of us are gonna have
a lot of the same meaningless conflicts in our life.
The same meaningless challenges,
the same easily overcome challenges
that we can all sort of talk about
and work through together.
So, you know, let us know how we can help
and we will continue to be there to advise
through these challenging days until-
Or as was the case in this episode
to talk about Richard Gere and Taco Bell a whole lot.
Yep.
What if Richard Gere worked at Taco Bell?
I think it would go a little something like this.
Something like this.
Something like this.
My name is Justin McGrath.
No, wait, no, wait, Griffin didn't say the thing.
Thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album,
putting the days to bed.
Thank you to Maximum Fun.
Thank you to, just thank you to you.
Let's do it.
Let's do that final.
Yeah, we got a final yahoo.
You usually don't introduce the final yourself, Griffin.
It's a weird transition.
So let me do it also for you.
Okay.
Here comes Griffin with the final yahoo.
I'm gonna do the final yahoo now.
Here it comes.
It's from Graham Roebuck.
Thanks, Graham.
It's an anonymous yahoo answers user
who I am gonna call Picard
because there's an F for it.
Picard asks,
can poems have curse words in them?
My name is Justin McGrath.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
We should change that.
No, I can't.
You shouldn't though, right?
But your dad's fine.
Everybody can kiss your dad's fur.
You might not be fine.
Yeah, I guess it's true.
Do we need a new one?
Kiss your dad from six feet away.
That's impossible.
Yell at your dad.
Yell something affirming at your dad.
Encourage it.
Check on your dad with your phone.
Check on your dad.
Yeah.
Send your dad the kissy face emoji.
We'll just keep it.
It'll be weird
because in a few months,
people have forgotten all about this
and I don't wanna make it weird for them
when they listen to the ending.
Imagine those quotes around kiss and lives.
Yeah, for yourself now, imagine that.
I hate actually putting those quotes there, Travis.
Yeah, you know.
I want you to write it down
and I want you to read it
and then think about your actions and your sayings.
Kiss.
I would actually hazard to say
that every word of it is worse with quotes.
Like there's not a thing in there
you put quotes around and it works.
Kiss your dad.
Kiss your dad.
Yeah, any words are bad.
