If you change your mind
I
Don't want to do this
I'm brothers together for advising telling people
Tell them what they don't what?
Three of us are around a mic and we're so close
It's despicable like it's gross. I can feel I am feel
I feel Griffin's whiskers on my cheek. There's an odd number of us
I think you're too far you got to come close
I think we call I say this because we only have one mic so I know for a fact you have to get close
We got to take a vote if we should continue this show or if we should just abort it
When would we do it if we aborted it?
We'll figure out another time. I support our right to choose. All right, so advice, right? What's the story with that?
Is that is that how we're beginning the episode? That's the beginning of the episode? Yeah, that's how it begins
Advice, what's the story with that? What is the story? What's the dealio? What's the dealio? Hey, that's for some queries
Hey there, ma'am. My boyfriend has been struggling with an addiction to internet porn for a long time
Neither he nor I like this issue that he has to deal with and would rather him get over it as soon as possible
What can I do to help? What are your suggestions to him? Thanks tannery what?
Tannery, all right. Well, that'll allow it
Um
Let me see if I get this straight you your BF your boyfriend is addicted to internet porn. Can you be addicted?
No, that is not a thing. It happens addiction is a physical thing
So he really likes internet porn
How do you stop that get it?
We live without the internet for thousands of years just cancel it. Yeah, just get it sexy
Just one. I'm just saying if she's asking for a way to help she needs to get it sexy
I don't know what getting a sex
Yeah, tannery needs to sex it up. She needs to replace internet porn. What what what human have you seen the internet?
What like the things those people are willing to do are just despicable
How how could a regular woman help hope to live up to that?
Well, I guess the real question is how much do you love your boyfriend?
You love your boyfriend enough to foot crush some stuff. I'm talking about like the difference between love and just physical like just laws
You can't be as big as the internet. You can't be as sexy as it internet's on 24-7. It's available for you
It's gonna cater to whatever bizarre desire you want. The air is like a sex Hydra, right?
Sex Hydra, you can cut off its heads, but in other words just gonna spring right back into place. Yeah
so I would say
Cancel your internet because it's the only way you got to keep them from the internet because the internet is
Pretty much just porn these days or maybe it's something you two could share together. Watch that internet porn together. Make it a magical
weird
Weird, maybe you need to cancel your boyfriend
Justin you're pushing me. You're not cancel the mic. We got one mic. Do you remember one mic?
Remember this one mic one level look pretty tight, but I'm saying
Cancel cancel that cancel that boyfriend. I'm a chubby guy and I've never been a relationship. That's half true
I've not it's not that I have a problem talking to bitches or anything. It's just there's your problem right there
You got to stop calling them bitches. No, he didn't call bitches girls
It's just the only girls I find attractive are out of my league and can never
Work up the courage to actually ask them out all let me help you out with this man. Lower them standards
You got them too high you're reaching for dust bunnies on the ceiling we got shit under your couch it needs to be dealt with
Lower that standard there's no such thing as out of your league, bro
Yeah, except there is be that way. Wait, let me correct you. There's no such things out your league if you're hugely physically attractive
Because then anything is within your reach I would say
Your problem is you're getting intimidated because you don't have the skills yet
You're trying to friggin knock one out of the park when you should just be trying to pick up a grounder
You know, everyone wants to buy that Corvette first car out. Yeah, you just don't have the capital for that man
You're gonna need to get that used Kia. Yeah, you know the juice you consider hopping on that Atkins diet train get that Atkins
Hit that ketosis drop about 50 get your key to get your keyed up drop about 50 in a week
And then you pick up a fly honey, and then you start eating your breads and your balloon again
And then you look right up and you're like too late. You're already with this lady confusion. She'll never know
Fuckin hey, yeah answers user Charlie asks Christians if we did discover aliens
Should we share the gospel with them? Does Jesus love aliens too?
Deep I
Would think that it takes so much energy to love people
That like he's got to have an outlet and the outlet is probably hating people from other
I love everyone on earth, but everywhere else fuck them
Well, do you remember?
Independence Day right the end of Independence Day right when Will Smith he fired the nuke, but it didn't go off
Until a miracle happened and then I blew up the mothership and saying that miracle was Randy Quaid that miracle is Jesus love
Blowing up aliens through Randy Quaid
Through Randy Quaid Randy Quaid wasn't in that film
Yeah, it was you're too young to remember because you just remember him as a hero because you're a child
You've replaced him in your mind's eye with Jesus, isn't that Dennis Quaid? Now it's Randy
He does hate he does hate people from other planets but at the
Millennial Jesus convention, he always covers it up for like he doesn't tell Mars Jesus that he hates
Martian so it's a franchise, right? Because I've always assumed the Jesus franchise
Ah Jupiter Jesus is my new stage name. You should have been there. You should have been there when they excommunicated Pluto Jesus
It was crazy
No, no Jesus's for moons. Get out of here
Pluto Jesus is also my favorite Eddie Murphy movie
This summer
Eddie Murphy is Pluto Jesus. I work as a lead to the coffee house
How can I best impress the virtue of cleaning up after oneself on my co-workers and boss?
I still don't know. Hey, you're not the boss. Don't fucking worry about it. Yeah, don't worry about your boss
Let him do his thing your co-workers just the first time they leave trash around pick it up and throw it at their face
Probably when they're busy slash a couple tires and that shit changes around real quick. Just be careful that you don't get murdered
Wow, man. Yeah, don't get murdered
Seriously
There's a callback to last week's show. It's okay. It was a long time ago. It's been a long week
Just don't get murdered the 21st of June will be my birthday
Looking for advice on how to kick it like a McElroy any suggestions sort of drinking out of children's beach toys
Would be much obliged as I'm only turning 19
James
James 19 years old. That's a rough age because you're not an adult
Anymore, I mean you're still an adult, but you're not turning into an adult and you're still two years away from any practical upshot
Even 20 is cool cuz you're in your 20s
So I guess I'm saying is keep it on the silent
Oh
I thought you're saying like sit at home by yourself. Keep it quiet. Don't bother people with it, man
Nobody cares calls to the year. It's just keep it quiet
So you're not suggesting he practiced some surreptitious flaskmanship
No, no, just take a chill pill. Everybody's first question is gonna be how old are you me like 20 19. They'll be like, yeah
What did you do? Okay. Well
Not a big deal, but I guess
19 wasn't a great year. So have fun James. You did it. Enjoy it. Yeah. Enjoy it. Drink it in drink it deep
I
Haven't been for a checkup in years and decided it's about that time
The only problem is I really like this like the idea of another guy touching my wiener
Whatever the context what I come across as some degenerate if I asked specifically for a female doctor
Is it normal for a guy to outright refuse to have a male doctor in a wiener related circumstance?
I I feel so completely the opposite on this subject that I only want a dude touching my wiener when it comes to
What if you have a female doctor and she chuckles? What if there's a chuckle?
I made the decision when I went in that
He was gonna be just as uncomfortable as I am like if I'm gonna be uncomfortable in this situation
Guess what brah? So are you put your finger in my butthole try to use the phrase get it as much as possible?
So like mmm get it or just like that
Just like that one finger. That's all you can get
Sometimes you can distract yourself from feeling awkward by making someone else feel worse. I
Mean more awkward or just worse just insert them while they're down there holding your wiener
It's like by the way, your haircut is ugly
So go into the office fully erect is basically what you're saying and don't ever address it like this. This is
Why don't you try to remember he's trying to keep you from having prostate cancer
You you terrible terrible selfish person out the worst. He's not gonna touch your wiener worst-case scenario. He's gonna cup them balls
It's not biggie no big juice that nut yahoo answers user
Tesorio asks, how do my nipples hurt?
Did you saw that please how do my nipples hurt I
Think that's supposed to be how do my nipples hurt and not like some sort of archaic like Oh
Do my nipples hurt?
I went swimming today at the lake while we were in the water for like an hour or so and my nipples started hurting like
After an hour. Why is that? I was wearing a t-shirt. They really hurt like they sting. What can I do to make it stop?
It's the t-shirt man. They're your nipples are sensitive. Some people say they're the most sensitive organ on your body
And you've got a wet t-shirt there. They're just
Rubbing
Just run I had it we had remember those boogie boards we got once the beach one time
I got these boogie boards again about it
They had the texture of sandpaper
We would just dive in the ocean on them like nipple first like we land directly on our nipples
Funny McElroy fact our chests are all sandpaper smooth like all like nipples gone. No belly buttons
It's just a flat sheet. It's really weird
medical mysteries
Griffin ask a question. I want to do is two yahoos in a row. I'm president. What is the best flavor of jelly?
We don't have to answer this one but someone went on the internet
With this burning question that he had to fucking crowdsource
What is the best flavor of the worst things? He's still I'm looking at zero answers. That means he's still sad
Still standing at the curve. There's actually ten answers
strawberry
Flavor jelly get that jelly. It's just a matter of opinion. Mine is peach
Great, but even better is grape jam pear preserves by Braswell's are awesome boob flavor get it
All right, strawberry raspberry. I love orange marmalade
But my favorite is whatever is available for toast at the time. It depends on the person. I personally prefer grape boys and dairy
What a weirdo. I don't know what he said. Hey, why I don't know what he say
Hey as un-clever and awful as these people are nobody said can they really are the worst and the worst is being the only
No, it's worse that someone
Is curious what other people think about jelly or that someone thinks that they're curious about what they think about jelly
Like I'm gonna get on here and answer this guy. He needs
But listen Robbie if you are listening get that rose jelly we had some of those
Jesus it's delicious. You can only get in Britain, but it's worth the investment
Smear that on your English muffin. I have two gay brothers whose wedding
Sorry, I miss read it. I miss read it. I have a gay brother whose wedding is coming up soon
I'm the best man at the wedding
I am very happy for him and I wish him the best of luck my girlfriend
Who is supposed to come with me to the wedding has expressed her dislike for gay rights and gay marriage
She's expressed her unwillingness to come to the wedding due to her own beliefs. What the fuck do I do?
Andrew that's a tough putt man. Thank you. Wicked sick you wicked. I've been thinking about this and I have an idea
I'd like to play a game. All right, we're gonna play a point counterpoint game, right?
Which one of my Justin you are going to be pro gay marriage Griffin. You are going to be anti gay marriage Justin go
Okay, I think gay should be married. Okay, Griffin go
It's yucky. It's sake. It's a union that I
Respect and frankly love is real
Well, is it real if it's two mouths?
Maybe in your man mouth has been married for time five seven times, right?
But how Andrew I hope that helps how many times they married men how many times is man mouth? That's another man mouth
What's wrong with that? It's beautiful
Guys, I've seen a lot of movies and I know the way that this shakes out is that the
Your brother and his free-spirited
Husband meet your girlfriend and they
Enchant her with their love and convince her that she was wrong all along. I've seen Lacoste
I feel I know how it goes or or it pulls the saving Silverman and you you kick a man to Pete to the curb
Yeah, and and also probably the case is she just doesn't want to go to the wedding because going to wedding sucks
So gay or straight wedding. Okay weddings are the bomb. You know, are they fun? They're dope
Yeah, I've been the one I gotta get down on that. They're very brief and the catering is usually very snappy
Yeah, and everyone wears briefs, which is weird
My first wedding anniversary is coming up on July 21st
You can use your expert advice on a cool gift for my husband
His primary hobby is gay being gaming but I typically steer away from buying games as he researches and buys those for himself
He also loves our college basketball team
That's nondescript, but I've already bought him all sorts of
Local team I he enjoys local team all sorts of teen related perfinity over the years now. I'm at a loss
So I'm hoping that y'all can come up with a great anniversary gift for a 30 year old guy
Any suggestions will be much appreciated?
My husband is a big fan of the podcast. So a mention on the show would be a little gift all by itself
But feel free to shout out my excellent husband Jonathan if you're so inclined that's from Rebecca
So shout out to Jonathan. I have a perfect gift
Track down Tenry's husband get him to make you a guide to all the hot sites
It's a gift that says hey, I'm cool. I'm down. I know you have needs and this is a guide made specially for you
I feel like we used up all of our good gift suggestions last week
But I'm sure we still got some in the tank. Have you considered a home brewing kit? Oh
Always good home bring kids a very is a great idea
maybe you could wait for your
If your beer to be done cooking as you explore all the new pornography sites at Tenry's husband
To
Meats
Some form of meats maybe a meat
Subscription a meat of the month Club. Is that a thing that exists?
Sure, it should be noted that the two of them haven't received a gift for many years
So this is largely from memory and what they read in Charles Dickens books torches buck knives
Coffers darning wool
Orphans how many orphans does a bolt of calico?
Twine does he have houses twine houses lard. How about a lesson in love Yahoo answers user on asks. How do you French kiss?
Well first you need to find a partner then you would just kiss regularly
But you need to put your tongue in each other's mouth. There is so much more to it
You know what there is so much more to it than that fuck honor for
Asking how to French kiss then explaining how to French kiss. Is it a question or an answer on a no?
He's always great. One of the answers is don't suddenly put it in and wiggle it around
But that's a turnoff. You need to do it very gently and softly good advice in the link above
That's how I learn to do it. And then there's a link to a wiki page on how to French kiss
Fuck you internet. Fuck the internet. I had to learn that shit at 15 by myself scared like
How's it my problem with the internet for every site? That's like, how do you make you know baked potato?
It's like oh, it's really helpful. Then someone feels the need to create a page. It's like here's how you French kiss. Fuck you
I don't need it. What why is that a thing on the internet that I would ever look up? Why are you stopping such a sinner?
Everyone's got to figure that shit out by themselves at age 15 and it's like going into an arena against an angry lion
and it's the scariest moment in your life, you know, you're either gonna come out a champion or
You'll be fish mouth for the rest of your high school career
Okay, almost two months ago my fiancee and I broke up after dating for five and a half years
We are still living with each other were and but I will be moving out July 1st
Okay, within the last month I discovered that she has been hooking up with my best friend since childhood
That is gross
Obviously I'm angry about this since he was slated to be my best man
and he was when this whole time he was hers and
That was I just extemporaneous that it wasn't in the email
The first person I turned to for consolation after the breakup. Oh
Ouch, man, and even with my knowledge of this
He still continues to talk to her and I know that things are going to pick up more so after I move
I've tried to get past this but in my mind, it's very difficult. I value my friendship with both of these people. Why?
And I don't want to waste my life holding grudges
I know they didn't do this with any intended malice towards me
But it's very difficult to put behind me any advice on how to deal with it. Jeff
I gotta say man, you're already dealing with this pretty cool. I mean, but you did you seem to be dealing with this pretty maturely
You're gonna feel hurt it's gonna happen, but don't be in a rush to try to forgive him
Sometimes no matter how much you care about people you gotta say fuck you
That's some cold shit life. And and if I can play devil's advocate here Jeff
Intended or not. This is your ex-fiance of five and a half years and best friends since childhood. So the malice
Whether they should that's something they probably considered and said fuck it. He'll be mad
So there is a little bit of not so good feelings there
So it's it's perfectly normal that you're still still dealing with it and not completely over it. Fuck him Jeff
Fuck him Jeff get out of there. Yeah, screw them Jeff move out before July 1st, July 1st
Jeff you can get him come stay with us
This is a safe place. Come stay with Griffin come stay with
Perfect to do your armies. Hey guys. Hey
So this last year I had my own apartment and it was where my friends and I would hang out basically all the time
Because it was centrally located between all of us and be the lack of parents rents
If you prefer was nice as well, but because of grades and money, I'm moving back home with my parents in August
It's putting me closer to some of my friends, but putting me almost 20 to 30 minutes away from some others
I just worried our group of friends is going to fall apart without that central place to hang out
What can I and my friends as a group do to make sure this doesn't happen?
You gotta find a peach pit. Hey Ian, how about you focus on your grades?
Yeah, so you can move out of your parents house and get a job
And your peach pit find your peach pit. It sounds like he's a high schooler. That's how he's a high schooler with his own apartment
He's doogie Howser. Yeah
Listen dumb shit, if you're not even gonna listen to the questions. I can't I can't what advice are you gonna give that's gonna be worthwhile or practical
Find a third-party hangout location a peach pit or a pub a genus
Genus pub and family family fun center
Get your get your ski ball on
Cafe, what was the one from friends? Friends Cafe Central Perk. It was Central Perk
I think the Friends Cafe was what was the one from Joey?
Believe that was also Central Perk. Pinchel Cirque
Hey, there's my friends Handler. Hey guys. Hey guys. I got a question. How you doing?
You remember Joey?
You guys remember when Joey would say like pretty frequently he would be like, how you doing?
You remember that?
You guys are trying not to laugh. I wish they could see you. You're oh, you're trying really hard, but you're smirking
How you how you doing?
Hey, no, but seriously, how is everything?
Fuck. Yeah, I win. How are you doing?
How many more we have?
Not too many six two maybe ask me why don't you pick one more off this and I'll do more last
Yeah, I love this. I love this. Shut it down
Um, but now people are thinking about that. They're worried, but we'll probably throw in a bonus one
I just recently have braces for my teeth. What?
I just recently have braces for my teeth and I'm 20 years old and to be taken off when I'm 22
Well, will women let find me less attractive for having braces? I i'm not gonna answer this question
I'm gonna say something fuck you. If you come to Mbembe, this show is not called hard truths
Don't make us deliver hard truths to you
You don't want so like if that's how you're starting to seek it out. Don't make us be those guys
Hey, let me drop this on you since i'm the only mcroy who uh was loved enough by his parents to get the embraces
um
Uh, yeah, it's gonna be rough for a while man. You're in for you're in for two sexless years entirely
But listen, look
When you get out of it, once you make it past once you break on through to the other side
You're gonna have that
That fucked up girl. You've been sporting your whole life. It's gonna be straight and narrow. Let us consider the caterpillar
In the mouth in the poopa
Is that
Listen 20 20 to 21 those years aren't that great anyway
What yeah, those years are pretty miserable for me. And so i'm having my first alcoholic beverage. Oh, but clinty gives my braces
I'm having my first alcoholic beverage. Oh, but clinty gives my braces
You will have a unique life experience and not a lot of people will be able to associate with
You can open beer bottles on your teeth if you could get that trick down. It's a it just became a w
Um, but yeah, they will find you less
You you should be less worried about the lack of female attention
You'll encounter in the next two years and worry more about the lack of corn chips
You'll you'll be able to eat because corn chips are completely off the docket
Maybe you'll get fit. Maybe you'll get here's what you gotta do. You gotta counter it
You gotta get so fit and so dope on bass guitar or something
That the ladies will be able to find you irresistible reinvent yourself. It's the new you
It's the new
Um, well, I don't know your name but it's the new you
um
I've recently noticed a trend this is from screen again
I just noticed a trend where people come up to me and seem interested girls come up to me
Not just people that would be that would be a bitter pill girls come up to me and seem interested
But there are always to be a presence of some
Whoa, okay, you know, okay, it's french i'm gonna let this out for you because it's confusing
I've recently noticed a trend where girls will come up to me and seem interested. What was that girls?
Uh, there will always be a presence of some ambiguous male
i've never
Sure of his role, but I can't ask is he your boyfriend without feeling like a creep any advice?
What is the wording on that makes that sound like the creepiest situation?
What is your life like how's your life that there's like just a girl comes what is she saying?
Is she like hi? I want you to meet my boyfriend because that like that's what got on lockdown. But
What what male who is this male?
Is it possible that he is her herald?
Maybe her squire her handler
He's just there in the background to make sure everything is going, you know hunky-dory
If she says to you in a very, you know scary voice. Oh, don't worry about him. You need to get out of there, bro
You're out. This is a bad situation for you to be in maybe she gets off on
Flirting with guys and then getting her boyfriend to beat the shit out of them
I've seen that in movies. That's a thing that happens
Isn't it I don't I don't see me in movies
You ready I don't know let's give our instructions a glimpse at it. Let's get our instructions
I don't like this is gonna be this this is episode 10
It's a special one. We're doing it in the same room and by special. I mean jess and I both had red eye flights
I mean jess and I both had red eye flights and we we I'm you know, we've had long ones, but I think we pulled it together
Let's see if we can stretch it out to 30 30 whole minutes. Okay
whoa, um
So if you want to email us you can do so at mbnbam.com if you want to check out our forum spring
It's formspring.me forward slash mbnbam. I think I don't know
Uh, all these things can be uh, we love it when you tweet quotes from the show and use the mbnbam
Hashtag that gets us out in the public eye. That's always fun. Um, if you got questions, you can ask them that way, too
And all this stuff can be found out on mbnbam
dot com
We
Love it when you come by and visit comment on the on the show. Let us know what you thought review us on itunes
Um, if you want to know where all the hot porn sites are check out tannery's husband
Um, he's got the scoop the inside poop on on inside poop, which is his thing
Hey, and that's a great site. Make sure make sure you subscribe
We know you've just been downloading a piecemeal and that's not the most efficient way to get us into you
So just just get it get it that subscription lock it down and then take it home
And then we'll be there
Griffin go ahead and hit us with our last question of the week. Sure
This is one to grow on one to think about
um
This one comes to us from yahoo answers user chocolate bunny who asks
Is it normal to urinate when you have an orcasum or is that urine I really want to know if this is normal
I'm, justin mcelroy. I'm travis mcelroy. I'm griffin mcelroy and this has been my brother
my brother
And me you will never know me
You
