The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
Well, it's happened again. What has?
It's November, and that means it's time for music reviews.
Oh yeah. Oh man, it's always my favorite time of year when November music reviews time rolls
around. I feel like we never get to talk about music the rest of the year. It's always so nice
to hit, I think, what is it? I think it's the third Monday or the second Monday of the most musical
month of the year. Yeah, so I'd like to start out by talking about a new album that's very important
to me. It's the new opus from Jimmy Eat World. Whoa, what do you got? And it's called We Ate It
All Up. Dinner's Done. We Done Ate the World. And so I'd like to go sort of track by track,
because these boys, these Jimmies are really wearing their hats and hearts right on their
sleeve with this one. A lot of their pathos is present in a lot of the tracks, and you really
feel like in the first track, which is called, really, seriously, we're going to eat the whole
world like Galactus did, they have a lyric in the chorus that's like, yum, yum, eat it up, whole
planet, yum. And when I hear that, I just think like, yeah, that's today. That is today.
I've got an album that I'm really actually very excited about, and it's a new one. Guess who's
back? It's Sting. Sting is here. Sting's here, everyone. Hey, everyone. Sting's back.
I've been hoping to hear about this album and your sort of skewed perspective on it here in
Music November. So I'm hoping that you can sort of give me, just like break me off a little piece
of that Kit Kat bar. Well, I hope that you're not like expecting some hard criticism because I am
so excited about 57th and 9th, named after, of course, the intersection he crossed on his way
to the studio where he recorded it. Wow, really grass and straws there. Gordon just looked outside
and said where he was, and this was the record he made. So what sort of melodic delights does Gordon
have for us this time, Justin? Well, Gordon has been away from pop rock music for 13 years since
his 2003 album Sacred Love, but he's back after 13 years with a big disc of 10 songs. So if you're
wondering, it's a big, it's like physically large. No, it's just a 10 big hits that took him 13. So
if you're wondering the rate at which Gordon Sumner comes up with good songs, it is 0.75 songs
per year because it took him 13 years and he's back with 10 songs. He's got everybody on this one.
Garth, Madonna, Tony Bennett, just everybody's on this one. And everybody likes to make jokes about
his dick and how it takes him a long time to nut. But I think that maybe this man just like
is sort of, has like a sloth brain in there. Well, he might just be moving on like a different
time scale than the rest of us. He will live to be 300, but his 300 years will be the same as
100 human years. Travis, what sort of melodic delights do you have for us? And also I'm gonna
black ball fallout boy. I'm gonna- That's fair. That's fair. Veto power. That's fair, Griffin.
Well, I'm very excited because for the first time ever, there's a six LP set. It's a career spanning
vinyl box set that encompasses the entirety of the Evanescence studio albums. They're all available
now. Fallen, The Open Door, Evanescence, and those last two, according to the Evanescence website,
are making their vinyl debut. And for the first time ever, the commercial debut for the previously
unreleased demo album, Origin. KevinEssence is the- KevinEssence. That was the original name
of the band. And it was this man named Kevin and his essence. It was sort of a book
report on a man named Kevin, but then things got kind of dark. And it also features the first
new Evanescence studio recording in years, even in death, recorded in 2016.
Dad, you're still at it. RIP Evanescence. RIP KevinEssence. Devoted musicians, thank you for your
sacrifice. Yeah, that's what- Leslie Odom Jr. Hey! Here's good news. He's got a Christmas record
out called Simply Christmas. That sounds like- That's amazing to hear. Fucking good, doesn't it?
Oh, he should have called it Odom Are You Faithful. Odom Are You Faithful would have been a very good
name. It would have been a great name. It would have been a very good name. But- I'm very tired.
You know what would have been a great name for Gordon's new- Oh, Travis, I'm so fucking tired.
Fucking tired. So tired. Fucking tired. Fuck. You know what would have been a good name for-
You know what would have been a great name for Gordon's album? What? Fucking anything else, Gordon.
Maybe Gordon's tired too. I'm so excited.
And Slaybells is back. Slaybells, fuck, what'd you name it? Slaybells is back, but it's not a
Christmas album called Jingle Bells, because that would be a very good name for a Christmas record
from Slaybells. No, it's called Jessica Rabbit, and I'm sure it's very good. I like Slaybells.
Pink Floyd's back with a record from 1967. It's the early years of Pink Floyd. Oh man,
we've had a lot of music. Let's- Can we just head down, ass up, do these fucking advice questions?
Yeah, of course. You know, the Hold Steady just re-released some albums of bonus tracks.
Got to pick up those- Separation Sunday and Almost Killed Me. Those are out. Love them.
Give them- Fork them over. Okay. If you don't want to hear about any- Trish and Garth are back
with a Christmas record, by the way. If you want to get that in Leslie's record and just play them
at the same time and just have a really good- They sync up. They sync up perfectly. It sounds
like a trio. A triad. Yeah. I mean, yeah, originally that was sort of the arrangement
as they were doing all these beautiful three-part harmonies, but there was beef. And so, you know,
you know how it goes. You know how sometimes they take harmony albums and they split it up
and they release them in separate. Please, I'm so tired. Can we please get to the first advice?
Of course we can get to the first advice. Deep Blue Something's back. I knew it, you son of a bitch.
You are literally killing me in hell. At Denny's for their shift.
No, no, I'm sure that they're still killing it. I'd go see Deep Blue Something. They're not
together. I'm sorry, I'm such an idiot. Please, please, please set me free. Is there anybody
else you want me to check on real quick? Please, please set me free from this genie's curse.
Please, God, start reading another question. Let Griffin become Jen. I'm sorry about Deep
Blue Something if you're listening, by the way. You seem like swell guys. I'm just kidding.
My wife and I recently moved into a new house. This week I came home. I've done it. I've ascended.
Our neighbors had left us a gift on our front porch. It was the new Christmas album.
Oh no, I'm not Jen anymore. I'm back in the back of the lamp. Damn it.
Robbie Williams is back and Robbie Robertson is actually back also. And it seems like they could
have worked that out better because that's going to cause some market confusion, I worry.
But no, they left a gift and it's not unusual in their neighborhood because they've previously
relieved, received potted plants, loaves of bread, bags of apples. No, no, no. Thank you.
No, sorry. What?
Thank you for the chore and the mold and the rot. I really appreciate all this in my trashcan.
However, this week's gift was slightly more different. We received a book. Specifically,
we received come a sutra, a classic love making techniques reinterpreted.
Travis, there, there was an attached photo. Did you check there? Just trust me.
I trust you. I don't need to see their dirty book. My question is twofold. One, how the fuck do I
face my neighbors after they've given us such a thing? And two, what do I say if they asked me
if we got their gift? That's a clever location based name. I'll answer the second one first.
You say, oh yeah, we got it. And then there's a wink a bunch till they leave.
We've got it all night long.
Make a ring with your finger and then with your fingers in your left hand and then make a second
very skewed ring with your pinky and ring finger on your left hand. And then put like two of your
fingers or your right hand into them in and out, in and out, in and out in like different ways
until they leave you alone forever. This won't happen, right? You got my fuck,
like strategy guide, right? You got my pro strat no scope fuck guide, right?
Yeah. You got my game facts to vagina. You got my fuck tome, didn't you? It was the one
my fucker and Omicron. I got you the fucker and Omicron. You're supposed to open it and just like
let it free the fuck within you, the undead fuck all around.
You got my, you got my prima game strategy guide to letting that hog go wild, right? You got that?
Yes. Good. Excellent. It shows you where to find all the secret collectibles in there.
You got my chick track about dick tracks, right? Right.
So I don't think this is going to, I don't think somebody's ever going to come up to you and be
like, you got that dick book, right? Good, good. Well, there's two. Okay. There's two things though.
It's one of two scenarios. Either the one who gave you this is like the weird beard who's,
you know, that's not fair. Maybe they're just a little too open. It's the person who's a little
too open with all the neighbors and like everyone's like, yeah, that's Gary. That's who Gary is.
Or it's somebody who thought this would be really funny.
Yeah. So fun. It's and like, let's be honest, it's hysterical. It's pretty good.
Your reaction to it is making it even better. Here's where I'm at. I also think the act of
leaving a bag, a big old bag full of apples on somebody's front doorstep is also pretty funny.
I use the apples. Here's the apples. Here are the apples. Now they're your apples.
These are your apples now. Now you're the apple man. Now you have all the apples.
What are you going to do with this power?
Bread and a potted plant I get. Like I bake this bread. Enjoy it. This is like,
I went to the store and I saw a bag of apples and I was like, this is Trisha all over.
But the thing about it is there's an inherent weirdness though to just leaving on the porch
versus knocking on the door and handing it to them. Like that's a welcome to the neighborhood.
Now we've had a face-to-face conversation as neighbors versus like this sneaky,
like thief in the night gift giving process that makes it inherently weird.
I'm trying, I just like went on a visual journey in my head trying to imagine coming home after a
long day at going to the BP to get beer and coming back and finding a bag of apples on my doorstep
and just thinking about the procedure. Now you want me to eat them with my mouth? Like if I,
listen, if I buy a bag of apples at the store, that is symbolic of a new commitment I've made
to wellness. You cannot force this on me. Like you can't force this lifestyle.
I would feel like I was in like a nineties movie about the fear of surveillance.
I just like spin around staring into the bushes and trees, screaming, who did this?
Yeah.
Who did this to me?
Now I do want to point out so dark the con of man that we are so distracted by this apple bag
that we are not considering the boner, the boner guide that they, that this person really did
receive and how to, how to struggle with that reality that they find themselves in.
I think, I feel like, I feel like a good, I think you could like cut out a lot of the
potential conversations that may happen about this book by letting the neighborhood
know that you got it. If you know what I'm saying, I'm saying-
What Xeroxes? Like pictures around a yard sign?
No, no, no. I'm saying you open up those windows.
Uh oh.
And you just let-
And you open up a webcam site.
No, no, no, no, no. Just open up those windows and let the, just the stink lines come out.
Hell yeah. You open up the windows and when your neighbor walks past, you're just like,
hey, remember that book you got me? I adapted it into a movie.
Yeah.
And then just go for it.
And then just let them feel the reek of it, you know?
Yeah. I adapted it into a stage play. This is a live theater happening.
Do you guys want a yahoo?
Yeah, please.
I got a lot of good ones this week. Thank you all very, very much.
I want to make clear out all of that. We're not kink shaming anyone who uses-
No, not yuck, yuck, yuck. It's just like a weird-
It's just presumptuous or funny. It's either presumptuous or very funny.
I think it's very funny.
I think it's very funny. I might think it's very funny.
It is also representative of like how weird we are about sex.
It's just like that's a very personal-
If it's not funny, it's a very personal thing to suppose.
I don't know. That's a weird-
No, sorry.
Listen, we're the most accepting people you'll meet on the face of the earth,
but there's still social norms that we have to try to cling to, I think.
Please don't leave a fuck by numbers on my front porch.
Don't get funny and mail us one. Fuck you.
Nope.
I'm cutting it off now.
It's already done. It's already done. We already have them. We have six.
We have seven. We have 12 now between the three of us. That's fine.
We'll donate them to Goodwill. Don't worry.
Nope. Hey, I'll fucking use it.
Brooks Oglesby sent this in. Thank you, Brooks. It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Please load. Please Yahoo. Please Yahoo. Please Yahoo.
Please Yahoo. I already lost Vine. I cannot lose you as well.
This morning I was on the John, loaded up the Vines.
They won't load. I think that's it.
Are you kidding me? We're done.
Time of death. Kevin Essence asks,
how can you cheat at laser tag?
I am going to play laser tag sometime, I guess.
They've made their beats with it.
I need to know how to cheat so that I don't lose and so I can beat some little losers.
Any ideas for cheating would be greatly appreciated. Thanks, bros.
Just off the top of your dome, how old is this question asker?
Like 26 years old.
Cool. Right there with you.
How do you fucking cheat at laser tag?
Hand across the vest, next question.
Yeah. Hand across the vest.
This sensor could be in the gun, though.
You know, there's like, and also it's like infrared beams,
which I think can penetrate Travis Fletch.
You're going to need a lead skin suit.
Now that's, now we're talking.
Now we're talking.
If you go in there with a bulletproof vest over the laser tag vest, then you might be okay.
It's not cheating.
Putting the arm across the vest isn't going to guarantee a win.
It just gives you an edge.
What's your laser tag edge, Griffin?
Because there's also just like blind firing where you just like pin yourself behind a wall
and like you lean out so like there's no sensor visible and you're just fighting.
But I do want to say if there was a gunfight happening and I was in this gunfight
and I just like poked my arm out around the corner and blind fired,
I don't think the person I was in the gunfight with would be like,
Hey, that's cheating, sir.
That's a, you know, Griffin, you're, it's an excellent point.
Why are you, why, we shouldn't call it cheating.
This is laser war.
You know what I mean?
If I put a guard over my sensor, I think that we are enders gaming our children here
and teaching them laser war.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah, that's the only war of the future.
Sure.
Yeah, laser war.
We're training an entire generation for laser war.
I guess, yeah, it's hard, right?
Cause this is like a physical folk game.
It's hard to like, you can't really like plug a game genie into your vest.
Um, so in terms of like cheating this physical thing, I think the right answer is like
steroids, human growth hormones, things like that.
I was going to say training, but yours is way easier.
Well, training, oh God, Travis, training's not cheating.
I feel though, if you, okay, I kind of think that if you play laser tag to get better at it
for like an event you have coming up,
that's such a weird thing to do that it almost is cheating.
Like that's basically everyone should be going in with the same level of incompetence,
I think, except for the assumption that I think everybody who has played any amount
of video games makes it.
Like when I get in there, I'm going to fucking savage them.
No, you're not.
I've been training for this, you're not.
You're going to get so tired, so fast from running around so much and hiding and trying
to do these fucking like metal gear, solid dives.
You're going to dive.
You're going to land right on your keys and that's it.
You're going to get savage by these like little 12 year olds who have a tenacity and ferocity
that has been forever lost to you, a 36 year old man.
Laser tag falls under this category of things like bowling and darts for me, which is like
if any significant amount of time has passed between the last time I attempted them,
it's very easy for me to convince myself that I think I'm pretty good at it until I try again
and I'm like, oh no, wait, I'm done with this.
That is why I'm going to just jam this needle right into that buttock and I'm going to get
you huge and crazy in there.
Everybody else is going to roll up and they're going to be on a fairly even playing field,
which is that they're going to get very tired very fast unless they're young children,
except for you with your huge, crazy, big body.
And you are going to be indefatigable, you will not be able to be fatigued, you will
be able to jump super, super high and just rain lasers down upon all these tweens and
stuff because your body's going to be-
But for how long?
How long will this treatment last, Griffin?
I mean, it depends on the strain, right?
Like I've got that Michael's secret stuff that I jam every time I'm about to go tagging and it
makes me big and crazy and it really gives me a lot of, not only mass that I can use
to be big and strong, but it also just makes me really, just really crazy aggressive.
Like very, very, very, very aggressive.
It shuts down whatever inhibitors I have that keep me from getting crazy in there.
Hey, here's one that might be cheating that people would never do is hostages.
That's one that you never see people do that.
Just like grab that 12 year old.
You still got body mass on him.
Grab that 12 year old and just use him as a human shield.
Like his team's going to be terrified to take the shot.
They won't be able to take the shot.
And if they shoot in the head, it does nothing.
So shoot through me, shoot through me.
You have to take him out.
Skyler, Skyler, it's okay.
We always knew this would happen.
This is always a possibility.
We trained for this.
There is, that does break one rule, which is to say legal laws, federal legal laws.
Like it may not break laser tag rules.
I don't think Billy Bob's is going to have like a don't grab and use kids as human shields,
but I'm pretty sure that is in like the constitution somewhere.
So, so like, but it is cheating, but that's cheating, Griffin.
Like if you don't break rules, it's not cheating.
If I could rob a bank and I get caught and be like, I'm just cheating.
Take it up with the ref.
It's just, it's a game shark.
Chill, dude.
Well, okay.
But they do.
Okay.
Laws are different on a football field.
Do those.
Cause like if you did football things to people in real life, you go to prison.
That used to be the case.
I don't know.
But you, if you do football things to people in real life, you go to prison.
I don't, I don't know if that applies in laser tech.
Like I want to be a fly on the wall for that manager conversation with the Billy Bob's.
Hey, listen, guys, I don't want to, I don't want anybody to take advantage of this.
But I do want to let you all know that when you're in there, it's basically international waters.
Think of it as like the laser tag embassy.
There's really no laws in there.
So if you guys are going to go smoke your pot, please do it in the laser tag arena,
where it is 100% legal.
You'll see in the one quarter, I do have a fairly robust grow operation,
but John law can't touch me because it is in a laser tag arena.
Yeah.
And also when you, when you in the, in a laser tag arena, the manager can marry you.
If you were on a football team, a professional football team, and it was Sunday,
you're geared up for the big game.
If you sat down and stole somebody's identity from the opposing team,
would they be able to stop you?
Like, could they?
Well, you'd have to do it on the field with like your iPad and your hand running.
That's what I'm saying.
Like as the play is going on, you're stealing his identity.
Like as you run past him, you're like, Hey, look at me now.
I'm Chad OchoCinco.
Sorry.
I don't have a lot of football players on of the current age at my fingertips.
Um, I think that would be legal.
Um, whoa, whoa, whoa.
This just came in hot, hot off the press.
It's hot.
Whoa.
This one is, is, is burning my hands here.
It's a, I got a haunted doll watch.
Oh, good.
Good news, guys.
I've been combing eBay for some of the latest and greatest and haunted doll, uh, advances.
And I got for you a real treat today.
It's a haunted doll named Samantha.
Um, and spooky name.
She was as all haunted dolls must legally be found after the seller's grandma passed away.
Um, they're having that's what, that's what keeps this economy afloat.
It's always just making more ghosts.
Just making more ghosts.
There's not a lot of haunted doll stories to start with.
So I was walking through the Kmart and there on the shelf was a Barbie was a Barbie.
It was weird.
It was weird. My grandma was a kind, loving spirit.
And my aunt Angelica was a healer and a psychic in her country.
I guess they crossed the boundaries.
We're like, well, I've lost it.
I was taken care of by my aunt.
So I learned how to perceive and work with energy.
So they're just like, yeah, they're just establishing their bonus fee days, uh,
using different forms of communication, such as a pendulum and automatic writing in order
to give my buyers as much information as I can about my spirit.
Okay.
We try it.
We trust you.
We trust you.
This doll's name is Samantha.
Porcelain head, arms and legs, 16 inches tall, blonde wavy hair, Victorian attire.
It plays music, which is just, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't believe that.
So here's the thing about Samantha.
That's real fun.
She's an angel of healing.
Well, hold on, hold on.
She has the ability to heal those that are in need.
She uses her eyes to transmit healing energy and with a beam of white ethereal light,
she can be asked to heal a particular part of the body.
Her gaze is very intense.
You can almost feel her scanning your entire being with her eyes.
Okay.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Yeah.
Oftentimes in a Hanado watch, the seller will say things like having them around affects
your luck or like their very presence will make you upset or something.
Will move energy orbs while you're not looking.
The idea of saying her eyes emit a white beam of light is a pretty testable claim.
What do you got?
Goiters?
One thing though is this seller has 210 transactions with 100% positive feedback.
Yeah.
My goiters are gone.
I don't know what to say.
My goiters are gone.
Bought the doll, goiters up and left, moved out.
So when you wind her up and you listen to her melody, you gaze in her eyes and you can
feel a warmth think of your being.
This is the time that you focus on the healing that you need.
And the shingles just fall right off and they're gone.
Thank you, angel doll.
100% satisfaction.
Excellent.
Just what I just what I needed to answer your two biggest questions.
Yes, this person is selling their magic doll that heals people.
And they're doing it for a starting bid of $55.
So yeah, which seems like a kind of a steal for a magic doll that heals you with eye beams.
Yeah, my really want to buy a triple a video game.
My goiter medicine $70.
So this is this is an excellent bargain.
And their last line is eBay forbids the sale of inanimate objects.
Therefore, this is being sold as a doll and for entertainment purposes.
They do not.
They do not ban the sale of inanimate objects.
No, I don't think you know.
I don't know what you think inanimate means, but it's not that it's not ghosts.
I recently bought an SNES cartridge of Chrono Trigger and it doesn't up and fucking move.
But if it did.
But if it did, but if it did, can I say something?
I have a thing that I want to sell on eBay.
I have an Oculus Rift that I want to sell on eBay.
And I feel like this this program has delegitimized the platform to the point where I wonder if
that's even a good idea.
Well, you can't sell it unless it like does it sprout legs and unless it can like banish
your dark thoughts, then I don't think unless like my my, you know, great great aunt died
and inhabited the virtual reality headset.
And now every time I try to play, you know, some sort of fun fun 3D space shooter, my
my great great aunt appears and is like, let me get that dark energy out of you.
I don't think it's applicable for the platform.
Correct.
Where does the music come from from the porcelain doll?
Right wind up.
Yeah, you wind it up and the music to start and the healing energy.
She's Bluetooth.
You just connected to your phone.
Do you think it even does play music?
Like if they're willing to say it shoots healing being like, is that what you're going
to be upset about?
Like this music doesn't work like the healing though.
Top notch 100%.
But like I couldn't get the music to play.
I mean, that is a great question.
Justin, there's a lie on the description.
So am I going to get this thing and it's actually wood, not porcelain, like painted
wood like, oh, this sucks.
Contact the seller.
Hey, this is painted wood.
This isn't porcelain.
Like, yeah, dude.
All that was lies.
I said it was a healing angel.
You should have known that everything I say is bunk.
Yeah, it's and it's wild, by the way, that people can run all this fucking game.
And then at the very end be like psych.
eBay says I have to say psych.
So psych like, oh, well, why did I?
You should have put that first.
Also, I will say bullshit.
It seems like a weird skirting to be like, and now after I've claimed all that, it's
just a doll like eBay.
Yeah, like, why is they're doing it?
They're working around the system, eBay.
Yeah, I have to make a penis cake for my sister's bachelorette party.
Hey, should we?
Yeah, have that be like the have that like be the Jojo's Bizarre Adventure, like to be
continued teaser to get people to listen past the advertising break.
Yeah, this is a new thing we're trying.
And so so, you know, that's waiting for you.
But first, let's go to the money zone.
Let me tell you about Squarespace.
Alright, my brother, my brother, me is sponsored in part this week by Squarespace.
Hey, you're not reading this, are you?
This is all coming from the heart, right?
That actually just came off the top of my dome.
I don't know if you know this, Kevin.
This isn't our first money zone.
We've actually talked about Squarespace a lot.
And you know, here's the thing.
Maybe you've heard it a bunch, and it's kind of gone in one ear and out the other.
But you know what?
Maybe in your heart, you've been planning a website for too long.
It's sat there just in your heart, growing fallow because you did not water the seed
of your idea for a website.
But you should, you should plant it in Squarespace and water it with the Squarespace water.
I might have lost the point.
Yes.
Not your best metaphor, I would say.
I thought it started strong, but then definitely kind of spun into Sleepy Travis.
I mean, yeah, your metaphor was just like, it's like a farm and it wasn't good.
Well, I thought it was clear because Squarespace, it's easy.
They have a lot of different options.
Like farming?
Like farming.
They have a lot of like, a lot of tools that will help you make a fast and awesome website.
They got like tractors and shovels on the farm, so.
Exactly.
They have beautiful templates.
That's not a farm.
And also website designs.
Is that a thing?
Yeah.
The way that they lay out the rows of peas.
Or like a Travis, like a barn.
Yes, exactly.
And they have a really awesome 24-7 customer support.
That's hay.
Like farm wizards.
Like farm wizards, exactly.
So no matter what your technical concerns are, customer support can help you.
Oh yeah, corn.
Like corn.
So right now you can start a free trial today at squarespace.com slash my brother,
and you'll get 10% off your first purchase.
If you have an idea for a website or you just want to check out and see what's available there,
highly recommend.
I made a website there, mackerelshows.com.
Took me like 40 minutes, and I'm very happy with it, and I brag about it all the time.
I think I brag about it every time we do a Squarespace ad.
So trust me, they make it fast and easy.
You don't have to know anything about coding or anything about website building.
They give you all the tools you need, plus the customer support.
Go check it out.
Squarespace.com slash my brother.
And you get 10% off your purchase, and that's like when you go to a farm
and you blackmail them for free vegetables.
Exactly.
The hardest thing about being a farm wizard is that when the farmer assumes
just because they bring the cord of virgin blood and the eye of tree frogs that you demanded,
they don't also have to bring seeds.
It's like, you have to meet me halfway, you know?
Where am I supposed to pull these potatoes out of my ass?
Because I can.
That is where they come from, yeah.
But it's a lot harder.
I'm an amazing wizard, but it's tough.
I want to tell you all about Blue Apron.
We've talked about Blue Apron so much, and for good reason, because I really, really like Blue Apron.
I've learned how to cook because of Blue Apron.
The way that it works is for less than 10 bucks a meal, Blue Apron.
They will deliver seasonal recipes along with pre-portioned ingredients
to make delicious home-cooked meals.
This month, they have stuff like pan-seared chicken
with roasted fall vegetables and butter caper sauce,
spicy lotus root and purple carrot stir-fry with sweet potato noodles,
lemongrass roasted pork, and Romanesco cauliflower and coconut rice.
The meals are really, really great and easy to prepare,
and they teach you so much about learning the fundamentals of cooking
so that even when you're not cooking a Blue Apron thing, you're better at it.
It's a really wonderful thing that I cannot imagine going without.
You can check out this week's menu and get your first three meals for free
with free shipping if you go to blueapron.com slash my brother.
That's blueapron.com slash my brother.
Blue Apron.
So we've got some Jumbotrons to share with you,
but first we do want to remind you that the My Brother, My Brother and Me
Jumbotron window is going to be opening back up November 28th at noon Pacific,
and there's the potential of them selling very quickly.
They have in the past.
That's why we kind of had to put a pause on them so we could catch up a little bit.
So if you have been interested in picking up one of those spots,
just know it's going to be first come first serve
starting on November 28th at noon Pacific and those spots will run sometime in 2017.
So let's get into the Jumbotrons for this week, though.
The first one is for Richard, aka Daniel Jackson.
Okay, it's an odd nickname.
Fine.
The message is from Craig, aka twobbles1.
I never would have thought that Halo 3 would increase our friends
and increase our friendship from cousins to besties.
No, it's dead.
It's gone.
It's dead.
Let it go.
We might make one for Christmas.
I don't get it.
What's it about?
Our trip to North Carolina to watch Griffin help me.
Eva?
Eva 3.0?
Maybe Evangelion?
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's still one of my favorite memories,
and I'm really honored to be one of your best friends.
P.S. Happy birthday.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
It's really nice.
It's Evangelion 3.0.
You cannot redo.
It's a fantasy science fiction anime film from 2012.
So you got it in one.
Got it in one.
Happy birthday.
Congrats on getting those sick KD ratios in Halo 3.
Finish the fight.
I'm gonna give the Covenant back their bomb.
Master Chief.
Cortana is back doing their thing.
Look out for the flood.
There's some nasty customers.
Warthogs.
Phantom Menace.
Phantom Menace and Anakin Skywalker.
I have a message for Teddy,
and it's from your brothers Will and John who say,
hey brother, this is from your brothers
by your favorite brothers.
Have a great birthday and rock on.
And then guitar riff.
Justin, can you do the thing with your mouth?
Wait, hold on, was that the Star Spangled Banner?
It sounds like the Star Spangled Banner,
but Jimi Hendrix keeps getting sleepy.
Is that Phantom of the Opera?
Well, it's Phantom of the Opera.
What are you doing?
That's good.
I'll do another one.
That's Oklahoma.
This is fun.
It's like a hard rock show tunes.
It's a belly high.
Wow, you got it in very quickly.
I will play this game for another half hour.
Yeah, here we go.
Gonna wash that man right out of my hair.
You're on a real South Pacific.
I was trying to trick you.
Yeah, real South Pacific bender.
Just trying to trick you with that one.
It didn't work.
Well, this has been our fun new game.
I shouldn't have picked a Hilton song with more melody.
I think you're having a stroke.
Are you just doing guitar for the rap words?
I was doing guitar for the rap words.
Sorry, that was not very good.
I can see why they use words and things now.
Yeah, sorry.
What garbage.
Pick up the fucking Hamilton mixtape.
It's all Justin making his fucking distorted kazoo guitar noise for all the songs.
Sorry.
What movies should I go see this weekend?
Should I care about the Emmys?
Is this meme already dead?
Is VR cool?
What happened to Choose Your Own Adventure book?
Are the Kardashians for real?
For answers to these questions and so much more,
come on over to Pop Rocket, a pop culture roundtable show with me, Guy Branham.
Winter Mitchell.
Margaret Wappler.
And Oliver Wang.
Catch us every Wednesday on MaximumFun.org or wherever you decide to get your podcasts.
I'm not gonna judge.
Give me that dick question though.
Oh yeah, that's right, the dick question.
I have to make a penis cake for my sister's bachelorette party.
What type of penis should I make?
There are so many variations.
Additional note, my sister and her fiancee are both officers in the Navy.
I would like to incorporate this into the penis cake somehow.
That's from Matron of Dishonor in California.
Maybe an anchor tattoo on there?
Yeah, a lot of, uh,
a lot of our sailors.
Sailor Jerry tattoo, mm-hmm.
Um, is it, I mean, there's bigger questions that we need to ask first.
Like, is this, is it cut?
Well, when they serve the cake, it probably will be.
That's fun.
Oh, that's something you can do, like a layer of fondant
that you sort of briss right off there.
Oh, that's fun.
I would watch an entire season of Great British Bake Off that was just
phallic novelty cakes.
Hard, hard, yeah.
Oh, I disagree, Paul.
I think it's a very good bake.
I think it's a wonderful penis.
I think it's a wonderful bake.
You know, how many people do you have to serve?
Because this is like, that's going to inform the scale that you're working with.
Are you dealing with 10?
Are you dealing with 30 people?
Hey, Tammy and her family aren't going to make it, honey, so let's go flaccid.
Yeah, babe, just a little chubbins.
There's going to be like eight of us.
It's going to be like eight of us.
We just need like half masks.
Like you're watching a, uh, like a really sexy lingerie commercial.
Like that kind of, kind of vibe.
Like a JC Penney's catalog page that you shouldn't be looking at.
One of those.
Like watching a Benedict Cumberbatch movie when he does the thing
with his eyes where he's like looking straight into the,
you know what I'm talking about?
When he barrels the camera, barrels the camera, barrels the camera.
You get a, you get a Cumberbatch half chub, you know, you know, a Cumberboner.
You want a good Navy, uh, joke in there.
You could tattoo welcome aboard on the penis.
Yeah, that's a reference to every Navy man's favorite movie.
Down Periscope.
Sorry, Kelsey Grammer.
It could also say mission accomplished.
That's fine.
That's a dick that did it.
Yeah.
Or just like a jaunty cap on there.
Like a, like a Naval, you know, a Naval officers jaunty cap on there.
And maybe it's winking.
Is it too weird to make it like an anthropomorphicized wiener?
Absolutely not, Travis.
Eyes and mouth, like saying like, hey, come eat me up,
ladies and gentlemen and whoever's present.
Um, what we're dancing around this question.
Justin, you've got, you've, you've got the flour.
You've got the pastry spoon.
What kind of ding-a-ling are you, are you doing?
Straight up and down.
Traditional circle, circle, oval.
What do you do the balls?
Is it weird without balls?
Yeah, it's pretty weird without balls.
I think it's kind of balls are sort of the balls are the easy thing.
Yeah.
But the balls are just form the shape that without balls.
It's you would have to sit there.
It's a penis.
Yeah.
The penis.
It's a penis.
Everybody.
It's a penis.
Is that clear?
Is it clear?
I made it.
Okay.
You guys get it.
Okay.
Have you guys ever seen a penis cake?
Yeah, dude.
I've seen more penis cake.
I'll see more.
I've seen more penis cakes than you'll ever forget.
The only time I ever saw one is the first time and only time that I did mushrooms.
And I thought that I had gone, gone down.
I thought that I had gone way past way out there on the edge.
Cause my Jason's brothers made him a penis cake.
And I thought that I had done lost my mind.
Yeah.
You dreamt it.
It was a wonderful dream that you had.
No, I woke up the next morning.
It was still there.
And I was like, well, thank fuck for that.
Yeah.
At least it wasn't, you know.
That pastry dick was your constant in that moment.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
You know what would be impressive?
I guess not.
I've been watching a lot of those like baking competition shows on Food Network.
3D like standing cake.
Not laying down on a tray.
Everyone does laying down on a tray.
I'm talking a vertical build with maybe some smaller penises on like scaffolding.
Edible, all edible.
Like a dozer scaffolding in Fragile Rock.
Littler penises around it.
Like they're building the bigger penis in the middle.
Like the dozer scaffolding in Fragile Rock.
Like the dozer scaffolding.
When the dozers build penises.
So you want them to make like basically fucking bear a door out of penises.
Just like reaching up to a monument that will live past the time of the penis upon which it is based.
Sure.
You know, something to remind future generations of the penis that existed once.
Yeah.
I think that that's really inspiring, Travis.
I'm just saying if you're going to do the thing, do it.
You know what?
Yeah.
Win the penis cake competition.
So let's never talk about penis cakes ever again.
Or penises.
You know, we could do like a fun moratorium on talking about dicks.
That would be good.
A little self, and here's a jar, and I'm going to put a quarter in it.
It's the cock jar.
So no, don't put that in there.
Stop it, Daniel!
Daniel came along, and you know what he did?
He's fired.
He put his wormy in the jar.
He put his wormy right in the jar.
He's always misinterpreting intentionally.
This one was sent in by fucking Brooks Oglesby again.
Somebody needs a nickname for this.
Somebody needs a nickname, huh?
Or an honorific at least.
We'll think about it.
It's from Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
There's a Keebler commercial at the top of the page.
So we'll say it's sent in by Garrison Keebler.
Thank you, Garrison.
It's by Yahoo Answers.
Oh, I already said who it was by.
So tired.
Garrison Keebler asks, homemade trampoline?
Would it be possible to make your own homemade trampoline?
And what materials would you need?
This is great.
It harkens back to a simpler time.
Yeah.
Back when everything wasn't store-bought,
when we used to use our hands to make the trampolines we needed.
Yeah.
We weren't just going to the trampoline store and buy,
you know, the big box trampoline store and just buying a trampoline.
We were crafting the tramp-
We had our own, like, heirloom trampolines that, like, our grandpapas made
that we used to bounce on and remember the time before the Great War, you know?
And now everybody's just going to, like, the tramp store and buying a trampoline
that means nothing to them.
And then they throw it away each season and buy a new one.
Yeah.
Everything, everything you could stand on is a trampoline.
It's just the degree to which it is a good and serviceable trampoline, right?
Like, the carpeting, a bad trampoline, beds, a slightly better trampoline.
Do you measure that?
Do you measure, is the metric how fun and bounceable it is
or how the potential for child harm?
Because that's what I, like, if I'm going to pop my own knee up
and bust my nose with my own fucking knee, that's a trampoline.
What I just did.
Have you done that?
Oh, everybody's done that.
Yeah.
Riley broke her leg on one.
Yeah.
It's like a bad bounce.
Just a bad bounce, Mary.
Yeah, that's a bad bounce, Mary.
Isn't a trampoline fun?
Because you think about the idea of the number of things that, like, we've gotten rid of
because of the threat that they put, like lawn darts.
We've gotten rid of toys that have threatened children and yet trampolines seem to endure.
No, it's not. Like, no amount of child injury will ever undo the trampoline from, like, our consciousness.
We have definitely, as a society, like, turned a blind eye towards trampolines.
We've all just accepted the risk of, like, no, listen, I know.
But, like, I'm not, what am I going to do?
Not have a trampoline?
My friend's trying to get clever and put that fucking net, that netting up around the trampoline.
And it's like, dog, all you've done is created a goal for me to try to bounce over.
You put that net up, it's like, how high is that?
Eight feet?
Okay, mission accepted.
Here I go.
Popcorn me, Dylan, I'm out of here.
I need to go to fucking Jupiter.
Bounce me, bro.
Hey, at any point during this conversation, and please be honest,
have you guys had the fleeting thought that, man, it'd be pretty fun to jump on a trampoline right now?
I think I, it would go, I think I could get three jumps on a trampoline before my spine just telescopes.
For me, for me, Justin, trampolines are the child version of the hot tub.
Let me explain.
Seems like super fun idea.
And then three minutes after you've entered it, you think, so this is it?
This is what I, this is what I'm doing now for, like, I just jump on it?
I'm just, okay.
How long should I stay up here so it doesn't look weird that I didn't just, like, get immediately out?
Um, but how do you make one though?
Cause I can't, yeah, springs seem important.
And like, I can't think of what the trampo material there at the top would be,
except reclaimed trampo mesh from another trampo.
You go harvest, you know, if you steal one, that's another, that's a pretty big heist.
But what about tarpaulin?
Could you use just a big tarp and some springs and then a room?
Just a room?
This might be a little bit off the beaten path, but I think if you're going to build your own trampoline,
you should really make it like an in-ground trampoline and maybe cover it with leaves
and then like jump off a balcony and like really scare the shit out of your friends.
Just to prank people.
God, God, Yahoo Answers has the worst commercials.
Imagine, oh, imagine like you call your friend Dylan over to your house and you say,
Dylan, last night I was struck by lightning and I've developed these magical powers.
And then just go running across the yard and jump where you know the trampoline is
and spring way higher into the air than you should.
And just see how long Dylan buys your new personas like the springer.
Yeah, until the first time he's like thinks he's funny and then
throws your frisbee up on top of the house.
And he's like, well, it should be no problem, right?
Yeah, come on, I can't control the powers, Dylan, come and go.
How dare you?
I just like-
You know that, Dylan.
Yahoo is showing me an ad right now.
And you remember when they said Melissa McCarthy died?
Uh-huh.
Trying to get me a click.
Now it's Ellen's shocking goodbye.
Her fans were stunned by her leaked secret.
She kept it hidden from the world the whole time.
And this is linking to a website called pretty skin store.com.
So many secrets are just revealed through these official Yahoo advertisements
that Ellen's skin was purchased from another person's body.
We have to help some more people.
I'm going to speed up some of these questions.
Please.
I was on a popular dating app looking for local singles.
And while swiping, I came across my friend's fiance and her dating profile.
Oh, God.
They have been together for at least a couple of years.
And we meet weekly to play board games.
I've been able to play it cool so far, but it is slowly eating away at me.
I screenshotted the profile photo.
Good job, fucking ace detective.
But I don't know what to do.
Look at the spy over here.
Fucking check out encyclopedia Brown.
Could they be in some sort of open relationship type thing?
And how do I find that out?
Or did I just stumble on the worst thing ever?
Please help.
I didn't swipe right.
And that's from please let this be an open relationship thing
in Washington state.
Hey, hey, hey.
You need to destroy your phone and you don't.
And you need to destroy your phone.
And then like it's in the cloud, Harriet.
So maybe you could go into your cloud and remove that too.
And forget this ever happened and move on with your life.
There are I'm like fucking opening my third eye and there's no.
I'm looking at all the outcomes possible.
And there's none good for you.
Well, here's what you have to do.
You have to go and talk to the fiance that you found on the dating profile
and say, hey, what's the deal with this?
And if it turns out to be something shady,
then they need to tell their partner or you will.
And then you have to build Bixby your way out of town
and move on to the next town where you'll make new friends
and start a new life.
That's exactly it.
Travis, you can.
If you want to do this, you're going to have to pack your bags
and move away because there's no reality in which this breaks good.
No reality.
No, you're the messenger here.
And it tends to go bad for the messenger.
I got news for you, buckaroonie.
If you really, really stumbled onto something like unscrupulous and shady
and you confront this person about it, guess what they're going to do?
They're going to lie.
They're going to lie about it because they are a shady person.
And if they're not, unless they're not.
This is what I'm saying, Griffin. And if they're not, mind your fucking business.
There's this note.
What I'm saying is I'm not presupposing anything about anybody in it.
If you have an open relationship, that's great.
Again, none of your business.
You can't.
You can't.
You can't.
If you do, if you decide to, just know, listen,
I get that impulse of wanting to protect your friend.
And I think that that is very admirable.
Just know, nobody gets out of this clean.
If it breaks bad, nobody comes out of this shining.
Because you're going to be the person.
Even if you did the right thing and you told your friend
and you saved them from entering this shady relationship permanently,
you're still the one who broke them up.
Even if you did the right thing, it breaks bad.
So just know that.
Please, listen.
Let's do something light.
Let me do one last Yahoo before we get into the outro.
Because that one got pretty heavy.
Okay, go.
It's from broxilicalsb, again, hat trick.
Well done.
It's from Yahoo!
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
It's from fucking Ellen.
Thank you, Ellen.
It's by Yahoo!
Insta's user, Ellen, who asks,
how many of you think Adam Sandler is misusing his talents in movies?
First off, let me say that I do realize
Sandler's roots are in comedy as a former comedian.
And he found himself in a niche with kids and slapstick humor.
That said, I think he's misusing his talents as an actor.
Personally, my two favorite movies of him
are Spanglish and The Wedding Singer.
Because he's actually playing an adult,
not a juvenile, infantile character designed to reach people over the age of 10.
He's clearly smart, and he has talent.
But the Billy Madison or obscene movies he has directed, like Mama's Boy,
showing college kids having sex with grandma,
or seniors having their diapers changed,
is rude, disrespectful, and frankly, TMI.
Hold on.
I just hope as he gets older, he will use his brain more in moviemaking
and go for a more grown-up audience.
Well, he did make a movie called Grown-Ups.
He did. He made two movies called Grown-Ups.
I don't know if he thinks he's appealing to the common man with his older movies.
And if he does, it's a sad testament to how far our society has regressed.
Don't get me wrong.
The kids' movies were funny, but they get too old.
And then there's an update that I don't...
People get very defensive.
It's very interesting that...
It's interesting you should bring up Adam Sandler in this episode,
because the one and only time I did Mushrooms,
I watched Punch Drunk Love and it became a cartoon
and bled out on the walls and was incredible.
And I've never had the courage to watch it again since,
because there's no way it lives up to that experience.
But I do remember thoroughly enjoying it.
I do want to also say I'm a cop,
and this whole podcast has been a long sting.
And both of you guys are going to drug jails.
Oh, no.
Mr. Sandler, the diaper changing, it's gotta go.
It just has to go.
It's because it's TMI, Adam, Mr. Sandler.
I wish he would grow up from the movies he made first
and now he's making older movies.
That's how time works.
That's how linear time works.
I don't like the movies where he's a young man making young jokes.
Yeah, not if you have the click remote.
If you have the click remote, it doesn't have to work like that.
It's just so funny to me to say,
I think he's wasting his time doing comedy.
He should do more movies like The Wedding Singer.
A comedy.
He should do more Spanglish.
Spanglish 2.
What are they going to do this time?
What's that crazy family going to do this time?
Rain Over Me 2.
Rain Over Me 2.
He's still very, very upset.
Cobbler 2, still.
Coblin.
Coblin 2.
God, somebody's got to put these fucking shoes together.
Adults do.
No diapers in this one.
That was my review.
Six stars.
I'm pretty sure Blended was not a comedy.
Shaquille O'Neal was in it.
And everything he touches turns to joke gold.
But that was the hat trick of the Barrymore Sandler combo.
And I like how mature it was.
Sensitive subjects handled sensitively.
It was really dealing with some real ass shit, you know?
Because they did, you know, Wedding Singer,
which I guess was pretty adult.
And then 50 First Dates.
A lot, a lot of heavy themes in there.
And I think in Blended, they were both single parents.
And maybe they killed someone together.
I didn't see it.
Can I go and go back to bed?
And Justin, you could go too.
And Travis, you just recap the entire plot of Blended.
And then I haven't seen it.
But I can tell you what I think happens in it.
Okay, and when it's over, that's the end of the episode.
All your usual stuff.
Thanks, John Rojcik and the Long Winches, Maximum Fun,
and all that stuff.
But I'm not going to talk anymore about Blended.
Not till I see it.
And then I will report back.
It'll be like a book report, but for movies.
I'm very much looking forward to that.
I cannot wait for your book report on Blended.
Yes, something to, finally, something to look forward to.
So we'll have that next week.
It's just going to be all about Blended.
And we are going to, here's one thing that's kind of fun
on the horizon.
We do a podcast with the fellows from The Worst Idea of All Time.
It is an annual, eternal podcast that will never stop,
no matter what, called Till Death Do Us Blart.
And every year on, we release it on the American Thanksgiving
every year, and it is a review of the film.
We're going to be recording that soon,
and that'll be there for you.
So if you don't, if you missed that the first time around,
go ahead and subscribe, catch up.
You don't want to be lost.
The film is Pablo Marcob 2.
Did you say that?
I believe I did.
But Pablo Marcob 2 is the name of the film.
It's such a good film because it's impossible to say quickly.
Like you just heard Justin try.
Pablo Maca.
Pablo Maca.
Two.
Hello, I am Pablo Maca.
I am the man sent here to kill you.
I also wanted to, I'm working on a project,
a little bit of a fundraiser, there are some people.
So I recorded a quick chat thing,
a little message to people, eight minutes long.
And as part of it, I talked about that if you're scared
and feeling alone, I'm holding your hand.
And some people really kind of took that
and ran with it online to try to make sure
that everybody knows that they're supported
and that they're all connected
and that nobody needs to feel alone.
And it inspired me to take it one step further.
And I had a bunch of awesome artists,
including Kate Leth and David Pemberton
and Taylor Smurls working on one for me
and a ton of other people on Twitter submitted designs
for I Am Holding Your Hand buttons that I am selling
and the profits for it are going to support the ACLU.
So if you're interested in checking them out,
you can go to bit.ly forward slash I Am Holding Your Hand.
All one word, all lowercase.
And maybe buy a button for a good cause.
And then also wearing the button could signal someone
who needs to know in the moment that they're not alone.
It could say like, hey, I'm here for you.
That was kind of the impetus for the whole project.
And if you find yourself needing to hear
a little bit more in depth what I talked about
on that eight minute recording,
I've got it pinned to the top of my Twitter account
and you can listen to it there.
Thank you for your support.
Is there anything else major on the horizon?
One more thing, only cause I forgot to mention it last time.
I did get a new Cincinnati P.O. Box set up.
It's under Macro Shows content.
Some people asked me with the baby being born
if I had set that up yet, I did.
It is P.O. Box 36384, Cincinnati, Ohio, 45236.
So yeah, if you got stuff for all three of us,
I know it's a pain, but it would really help
if you would just send those to the boxes
cause we don't live together and it just ends up,
I don't want anything to get lost in the shuffle.
I guess that's what I'm saying.
Yeah, I also just want to say and I don't want to get too heavy
cause I think that folks don't want more heavy stuff right now
but like how much I appreciate this community
and the support y'all show each other and us
is like the kind of the thing that helped me get through
when I guess when this goes up last week.
So from the bottom of my heart, thank you all very much
and we'll keep trying to make a fun show
that you can listen to and just put all your-
No, we're not gonna try, we're not gonna try.
We're gonna do it.
We're not gonna try.
We're not gonna try, we're gonna fucking continue to do it
and it's gonna be better than ever
and everybody's gonna listen to it in the world.
That one's a little over a bit of an overreach
but we are gonna continue to be here.
Nothing can stop this ever.
I'm just like guys, I'm just like this Yahoo page is open
and the ad is forget needing a gun.
This tactical flashlight can blind a bear.
And now it's a Philadelphia cream cheese advertisement.
Yeah, it can blind a bear.
If you click it, it links to fucking slow cooker recipes.
There's just no consistency.
There's no, no.
Okay, Griffin, give me that final Yahoo.
Yeah, thanks.
Also thanks to John Roderick and Long Winters.
Thank you to Maximum Fun.
Go to mcroyshows.com.
It's got all our shit.
Okay, final Yahoo.
Sent in by Morgan Davey.
Keep it wavy, Morgan Davey.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Robert.
Robert, one loaded.
It's from Robert.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Robert asks,
what was that cartoon movie that had a bunch of cars?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
Instead of door busting for a plasma TV this Black Friday,
how about you stay in and snag the best deal of all?
Max Fun Con 2017 tickets.
Max Fun Con West returns to Lake Arrowhead next June,
and Max Fun Con East is back in the Poconos next September.
Tickets for both go on sale Friday, November 25th,
and they're gonna sell out fast.
So mark your calendars and visit maxfuncon.com
on November 25th to secure your spot.
Max Fun Con, way more fun than a smartwatch or whatever.
Maximumfun.org
Comedy and culture
Artist owned
Listener supported
