The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Are you ready for some podcast about fantasy football? My name is Justin McElroy,
and I got Travis and Griffin, and we're ready to get some football.
Make sure the laces are out like in Ace Ventura, because it's time to talk some fantasy.
That's your touchstone? That's your athletic touchstone?
It's amazing that we got Miranda Lambert to write that song for us.
I know.
Fantasy football time is here again.
The greatest time of the year.
All your Sunday night buddies are back.
Randy Moss.
Brad Pennington.
Johnny United.
Perry.
Sergeant Slaughter.
The Orc one from Mutant Football League.
How does everybody like their fantasy chances this year?
We are again in our dad's league, protective cup of soup.
My team, Touchdown to Nabi, is back again with the Archer Countess leading the team to victory.
My team, the Flying Moranite, we got the second place last year, and I feel pretty good.
I feel pretty good about my chances, if everybody doesn't blow it.
I mean, I won last year's league with my team, Gridiron and Wine, a replacement name for the
Mario Lopez dispenser, because I wanted some football in there.
But how do I feel about my chances? Poor, very poor.
I did a great draft, but I mean, I don't think God's gonna let me win this one twice,
you know what I mean?
He's very malevolent.
He's a vengeful football god.
I'm in three leagues this year.
It's far too many.
Did you start a league, Griffin?
Travis, are you the commish on a league?
I am the half-assed league, because I started the league and then forgot to get any players.
So I filled a 12-person league in one day.
So tell me this, because you told me the contents, the constituent makeup of this league,
and it sounded to me like you kind of just wanted to win a fantasy football league,
and so you got a bunch of people together who didn't know what the fuck they were doing.
It literally could not be a more random assortment of humans,
and if you just like threw a water balloon into a DMV line,
and whoever got doused was on your team.
I would say that there's a healthy number.
What I tried to get was a balance of people who knew a lot about football
and had played fantasy football before.
Like Lin-Manuel Miranda.
Well, and people who didn't, but were excited to try it out,
and I wanted to give them a safe environment in which to try their first round of fantasy football.
Did you Buffalo Lin-Manuel Miranda into your fantasy football?
He was the first one to sign up.
He was so excited about it.
He's an excitable dude.
I just don't want you to bully him.
I think what it is is he's got the Emmy.
He's got the Emmy, he's got the Tony.
Now he needs whatever bullshit trophy I buy at a thrift store.
He's got a Grammy too, dog.
And a Grammy, yeah.
He just needs that fantasy football trophy.
That's the one.
That's the one acclaim that has escaped him.
He's trying to get an e-golf.
Yep.
This could be his year.
Maybe finally he can accomplish something and make his family proud.
Yeah, finally.
So fantasy football is here.
We're going to be taking your calls throughout the show, asking for our advice on which players
to start, which players to stop.
Which players had a happy week, which players are feeling a little blue, which players are
cat people, which ones are dog people.
And which ones have flubber.
Yep.
They are cracking down on flubber really hard.
Really?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's why Josh Gordon was out.
It's head to head tackles.
They're looking out for concussions.
They're looking out for wife beating, of course, and also flubber in that order.
That's the order of importance to the ESPN.
The ESPN, the NFL.
Sorry, the ESPN?
Is that the league that is the governing body?
The Extrasensory Perception Network.
Let's move on.
They can feel the flubber.
Let's go ahead and move on.
My friend, who is now also my boss, swears a lot at work.
While it's never directed at his employees specifically, it's usually in ways that feel
overreactive and out of the blue for work conversation.
It's generally shocking and uncomfortable for me and I sense my fellow employees as well.
I strongly compartmentalize work in free time and swearing doesn't usually bother me more
in casual situations.
Do I tell him it bothers me since he's my friend or do I suck it up and deal with it
because he's my boss?
And do I bring it up on or off the clock?
God, all these are so good.
In Chicago, that's a great question.
Is it good?
Here's my question.
Because I've had this personal debate for a while now.
I feel like, listen, I'm totally down with cursing.
I do it a lot.
But there's something about, there's certain environments where it's so grating to me.
Like if I'm out to eat with friends and someone's telling a story and cussing a bunch, that
doesn't bother me.
Oh, no, that does.
But if I'm in a bar, it doesn't.
So the environmental nature of it really changes.
But if we got it, there's so many layers here.
Because if you're talking about a cuss, this person's doing a cuss in a workplace, a cuss
in a workplace environment, right?
There's a lot of different ways that that can be interpreted.
For instance, if he gets back his company's financial report and they had a bad, they
underperformed in the fourth quarter, much like the Green Bay Packers did in their Thursday
night season opener.
Thank you.
If that happens and my boss goes shit, then that's fine.
But if he is just walking down the hallway and is trying to goof around with Jerry in
accounting and goes, hey, Jerry, go fuck a dog, then that is insufficient.
Okay, so let me draw a line in the middle of those two.
What if it's like, you know, the 12 o'clock lunch hour, everybody's eating, he microwaves
his thing, and he's like, oh, these leftovers taste like shit.
Right?
Hey, Jerry, go fuck a dog.
Go fuck a dog, Jerry.
Come on, man.
You really fucked the dog already, buddy.
Jerry, you're two months late with this report.
Really fuck the dog.
Are we gonna fuck this dog or what, Jerry?
Like, if you're like, hey, Jerry, stop being such a dick, if you're just clowning around,
that's like, that's okay.
But if you're like, hey, Jerry, I'd like to squeeze your dick after a nice dinner and
some cocktails, then that's something that's gonna be out of line.
Maybe we can get a dog in the mix, too.
Just saying.
Ah, Jerry.
All right, see you at the retreat.
I mean, it's weird now that I have a kid.
It's been, like, stopping cursing has been sort of like how I imagine a lot of people
stop smoking.
They keep moving back the drop dead red line, at which point there can be no more.
I mean, I am at a point right now where I'm still swearing, but I know that the, you know,
she's too little to know what I'm doing, so that's fine.
But I don't know that I'm gonna be able to make the transition to not.
I think I'm just gonna have to work really hard to see the difference.
You gotta phase words out, right?
Yeah, exactly.
Justin, real talk.
Look at that sweet baby's face.
At what point are you going to allow her to use curse words in your home?
Oh, she can do that.
I am completely 100% morally unfazed by cursing.
She can curse on me.
You say that now, but you get that child in a preschool or school environment.
See, now this is what you're talking about, Griffin.
I don't care if she curses at home.
I do care if she curses at work when she goes to work.
I need her.
Hey, Jerry, go fuck a dog.
You old dog fucker, you, Jerry.
I can't have her making me look like a bad parent in front of the other moms and dads.
To answer the question, I-
That's what we've been doing for five minutes now.
But I want to say to say something.
Okay.
But I know that I in real life wouldn't.
Mm-mm.
Like I'd feel that need, it would be a little grating.
But I also feel like maybe it's the kind of thing that over time, give it a couple months
and that just because it just fades into the background.
This is another weird quirk of the old office.
Unless you work at like a hospital or something.
Well, then the problem is going to take care of itself.
Go fuck a dog.
I am-
Is that a prescription?
Yes.
What if you were to start off-
Okay, what if you eased into it with like jokes?
Like you start-
Like this is a pretty classic McElroy technique.
You're seriously concerned about it, but you'll joke about it.
Kidding on the square.
Are you talking about-
You know, we didn't invent passive aggressive behavior.
No, we didn't invent passive aggressive joking though.
I think passive aggressive, like it's not passive aggressive.
It's passive.
It's like comical aggressive.
Like you're easing it, like listen to you Mr. Sailor
with that salty tongue.
You start there and then you say that every time
and eventually you're going to get in his head.
Like, are you serious?
Are you being serious with these right now?
And then it's like, well, do you care?
Are you opening the door to the serious conversation?
That I've joked my way into?
Let me throw out another manipulation.
You do passive aggressive roundabout complaints
when you guys are out for drinks like,
man, have you noticed how much people curse around the office?
Yeah, don't make it about him.
You just say like in general, people use a lot of foul language there.
It's kind of upsetting, right?
In a workplace, I just don't think that's appropriate.
Yeah, convince him to make a new rule about cursing.
Or you get him to institute an actual swear jar.
His idea, you didn't have to do shit.
And let's go down another strata
in the passive aggressive dungeon that we're burying ourselves in.
Just write down on a piece of paper,
boy, people at this office sure do swear a lot.
And then you put that in an envelope
and you bury it in the yard.
I think that's more passive than aggressive.
I think that that's just passive.
Sure, but if anyone finds that, oh boy, critical hit.
Well, that's why you can't bury it in your own yard.
No, no, no, no, no.
You bury it in the office yard.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Please.
This Yahoo was sent in by Charles Greenman, or perhaps Greenman.
Nah, Greenman.
Thanks, Charles.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Jocelyn, who asks,
can I quicken the braces process?
I heard somebody tell me that her daughter had braces,
but she did the extreme tightening method.
I've never heard of that before,
but is it possible to get your braces extremely tightens
so that you can quicken the process?
Well, let me start off by saying,
I love when the name of any process
tells you everything you need to know about the process.
What do you think is involved in the extreme tightening process?
That's pretty clear.
I know that bringing up this question was kind of a risk
because it's sort of a sticking point between the three of us.
Why is that?
Oh, because our smiles are perfect?
Well, no, your immeasurable jealousy
that I got corrective teeth framing.
Griffin, you went with the normal average kind of wuss tightening system.
It felt like it was a little bit of a stretch.
It felt pretty motherfucking extreme to me.
The scale of one to 10, in which one is like butterfly kisses
and 10 is like getting stabbed in the eyeballs with a blunt hot knife.
Using the doctor face scale of pain,
I was full blown Dawson's Creek season two finale.
Gotcha.
I was like that.
You were Frankenstein's monster in pain.
I was Intervention Dad Psycho Cry.
It was very, very bad.
But I mean, like, can we Emerald Kick this up a notch though?
It took me two years to get through braces.
And I guess if they had just like fucking tore the lever off,
you know what I mean?
Then they could have really juiced that process up
and gotten it done in, I don't know, three months.
I feel like the orthodontist would always have to lead off with,
there's like a 90% chance this just like powders your jaw.
Yeah.
But there's a 10% chance you're done in a week.
I want my teeth to move so fast I can hear them,
is what I hear the sound that they make when they move through my head.
And it's screaming.
That's the worry, right?
That you'll do the tightening so well that you'll take them off
and the momentum will still be pulling them together.
All of a sudden you wake up, you got one giant fat tooth.
Or they line up front to back.
You just have two straight vertical rows of teeth.
What do you want for dinner tonight, Justin?
Well, corn.
Corn only, I guess.
Only corn, only corn ever.
I don't know why our parents got like less tolerant of imperfection
because I clearly like, I have like a full like Michael Strahan gap.
Well, Letterman was real popular.
There were no concessions made to correct that.
I think that they could see you in like a late night comedy.
I think that was their hope.
I've got like a bit of an underbite and I think they're just like,
well, that's the least weird thing about his face.
So we're cool.
We're good.
Is that it?
They knew I was going to be overweight.
Let's get our priorities in order.
But do you take your medicine super fast and have it hurt?
Or do you make it more tolerable and stretch it?
Because you guys don't understand.
For two years, I was an unfuckable claptrap.
How old were you?
Yeah.
Well, okay.
For more reasons than one.
But that was it.
It was a major contributor.
If you were to take a survey, if we were to do a family feud style survey of the women.
Why aren't you fucking Griffin?
Come back middle school because his braces survey says being 55 braces.
But here's the question.
The question is, what's the trade off?
Is it like, it's going to hurt 50% more and you get them off one week sooner?
Or is it like, it's going to hurt 20% more and you only have to wear them for six months?
I'm saying we can- There's a certain balance.
There's no limit to how fucking crazy you can get with the jacking.
Just jacking.
Limitless tightening.
You just put a chain around it and a stick and you just have someone stand in front of you
and twist that chain.
That's basically what braces are, Travis.
Ow.
Yeah.
Count your blessings, brother.
I just recently decided to head back to school in the hopes of improving my job outlook.
A problem that most students have had to deal with has come back to haunt me.
There's a student in the class who insists on making comments constantly.
He has some experience with the coursework, probably from related classes,
and constantly makes comments to show how much he knows and get ahead of the professor.
Most people probably just deal with this and I had in almost every class I've taken,
but I really hate this guy and all guys or gals like him.
How do I get him to shut the fuck up so I could just enjoy my class?
That's for most annoyed in the Mountain West.
It sounds to me like you got a minkus on your hands.
A real minkus.
A real grade A minkus.
Have we talked about dealing with a minkus before?
No.
We've talked about minkus a lot, but not how to deal with a minkus.
Not preventative minkus measures.
How to attract and catch a minkus.
Proper minkus care and raising.
How to raise one from egg to hatchling.
About his second level and third level evolution.
Guys, my minkus has been in heat lately and there is like nothing I can do.
It's just like fucking humping the window.
You get that minkus, wait till he gets on a good tear, okay?
Wait till he's like really, you know, all right, here are some things to know about details.
You wait till he's like really going.
Then what you do is you take the meaty part of your hand,
you're gonna put it on the side of your mouth just like this.
And then you're gonna press the palm in front of your mouth and then you're gonna blow.
If that, that would be probably the best thing that has ever happened in this class.
The teacher's gonna be like A+, and he's gonna give you a sticker or something.
That minkus is gonna get the picture.
Um, I mean that you gotta, you, collusion with the teacher is necessary for this situation.
If you're gonna put this fucking minkus in his place,
then you're gonna need to talk to the teacher and get the teacher to
to ask minkus something that he could not possibly know about.
Like a logical fallacy?
I'm not saying, no, I'm not, no.
I'm not saying like ask him if God could make a rock so big that he couldn't move it.
Cause maybe he's a robot.
More important, I think he's just a nerd.
But no, you know what?
I'm turning the corner on this whole question.
So what?
So what?
Maybe that's what this person needs to, to excel educationally.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna counterpoint because when I went back to school
and took some psychology classes in one of my classes,
there was just, it was the abnormal psychology.
So every time we talked about any kind of different condition or disease,
there was someone in the class and it varied.
It was always different.
Who felt the need to throw out some kind of germane or non-germane fact.
Like my aunt had postpartum depression.
Germane Dupree, Germane Dupree had postpartum depression.
They did and like we were all adults, we were all 18 or older.
And it was the most frustrating thing because if you're there to learn,
if you're going back to school to better yourself,
and this is not like I'm an 18 year old who's in school
because I feel like I have to,
but rather a 25 year old who now appreciated how important school is.
It's so frustrating when suddenly you want to learn
and everyone in class is stopping you from doing it.
It's like, I'm actually paying to be here and I care about this.
And you guys want to talk about how this relates to you specifically.
And that's like the worst.
Alternative method.
If you just wait until like season four, he'll just disappear.
That is correct.
But you'll also lose Mr. Turner.
You'll lose Mr. Turner and that's rough
because I think he brought a certain something to the show.
I mean, your class, your life.
He was a sensitive bad boy.
He was, he rode a motorcycle and he took care of Sean Hunter.
How about a Yahoo?
Anything.
This is Yahoo sent by John Severs or Severs.
Is a Johnson too much to ask for?
For one of these last names.
A Thompson.
Thank you, John.
Severs, Severs.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Meow.
Meow.
Fucking shit.
Meow.
It's Tia.
Who asks, good answer to the question.
Why do you want to work for Chipotle?
I am beyond stuck.
I have been searching for a job for a year now
and I really want to stand out to Chipotle.
What would be a good answer to this question?
Okay, you're gonna ask me the question.
Why do you want to work for Chipotle?
So I can afford to buy weed.
Yeah, I mean, and also have a pretty good place
to know people who will sell me weed probably.
I don't want to throw stones.
And then I've got stuff to eat when I'm doing weed
because Chipotle's okay.
Arguably the best stuff to eat.
God, I could.
I could crush some Chipotle right now.
What time is it there?
Chipotle time.
No, what time is it actually on the Gregorian clock?
It's 10, 24 a.m.
But Jocelyn's been up for eight hours.
So he's at dinner time.
He's like, these prescriptive definitions of what time means.
They don't mean anything to me or my baby,
but specifically my baby.
Or I can eat, it's the one good thing about being a dad
is that I can eat Chipotle whenever I want.
That's the one good thing about being a dad.
Chipotle around the clock.
What is a good answer to the question,
why do you want to work for Chipotle?
I mean, that's, I feel like we can extend this to-
All the clothes I own smell too good.
We can extend this to anything, right?
Because I remember doing a job interview
at the country's best yogurt.
And they were asking me like,
what is it about the country's best yogurt brand
that really attracted you to try and fill this position?
And I was like, guys, you really want to answer to that?
Oh boy, I love it.
Because it's only a block and a half away.
It's super close to my house and like,
fuck ice cream, right?
Too hard for me.
I just love the smell of rotten milk.
I had to deal with that when I interviewed at Jimmy John's.
It was a very like, what's your passion?
Why are you so serious about sandwiches?
What does it mean?
What does Jimmy John's mean to you?
I had to do three interviews
and take a test on the goddamn sandwiches.
What can you tell me about the sandwich test?
How fucking hard can it-
They would give me a blank piece of paper
and without looking, I had to write down
the name of each sandwich, what came on each sandwich,
what came on the skinny versions of the sandwich
and what came on like the Big Buford sandwich.
Or whatever their like huge sandwich is.
Travis, how much of this knowledge
would you say you still retain?
I would say, Justin, that about 10 minutes
after I filled out the paper, I forgot all of it.
Yeah.
Okay.
I never made a single sandwich in my two months at Jimmy John's.
Well, okay, Mr. Big Shot.
Let's see if that's true.
Justin, you are so good at gamifying this podcast.
I'm gonna name some Jimmy John's sandwiches.
Travis, you are gonna tell me,
not joking now, I don't want any fucking jokes.
I will try to be serious.
I want you to tell me what comes on them.
Are you ready?
Yes.
Okay.
Turkey Tom.
I know that that was a turkey.
Okay, good.
And I think there's like tomatoes and lettuce.
Mayonnaise?
That's all I got.
That's exactly what's on the Turkey Tom, Travis.
Travis, see?
There's nothing else fucking-
I'm sorry, there's no cheese?
No, cheese is like fucking two and a half dollars extra,
if you want any cheese on a sandwich.
That's the Turkey Tom, Travis.
It's time to get a little more challenging.
Okay.
Why don't you tell me what's on the Vito?
I know that the Vito has,
I want to say capicola, provolone, Italian dressing.
That's all I can remember.
I think-
That's pretty good.
It's got lettuce on it, doesn't it?
Salami, provolone, capicola, onion, lettuce, tomato, and Italian vinaigrette.
You left a lot of stuff off that James Johnson sandwich.
If you delivered that to my door, Travis,
I would tell you, shove this up your ass.
Go fuck a dog.
That was my primary job at the Jimmy John's, the delivery driver.
And the people you deliver Jimmy John's to on a Wednesday afternoon
are some of the best people.
Yeah, it's real salt of the earth, real America.
Real top notch.
Travis, this bit's pretty funny,
so I want to keep it going with one last question.
Okay.
The JJ Gargantuan.
Oh, fuck.
That's everything in the store, plus a cookie and maybe a lemonade.
You put a cookie on it?
And then you dunk it in a lemonade,
and then you deliver it to them in the lemonade cup.
And you just kind of throw it at them,
and they catch as much as they can in their mouth.
Drink this detritus slurry, you fuck up.
Enjoy, you filthy animal.
And then you thank them for coming to Jimmy Johnson
and give them some free spells.
I'm more curious to hear what you said to convince them
that you fostered a true and intimate love
of the James Johnson brand that made him give you employ.
I cannot remember, but what I can tell you
is after two months, never making a single sandwich,
because every time it came time to make a sandwich,
they'd say like, maybe the Huntsman or whatever it's called.
And I would go to make it and say,
I don't know how to make this.
And they'd be like, just get on register.
We'll teach you later.
And they never did.
After two months, the day before I was going to quit,
they offered me an assistant manager position.
How long would you have to keep up this fucking ruse
that like, you would at some point
have to train people how to make sandwiches?
Oh, that's good.
Where's the peanut butter, Steve?
We don't do peanut butter sandwiches?
Just layer it on, just give it a good slather.
I don't know, cucumbers?
Fuck, fuck it.
No, I mean, that's why they wanted to elevate you, Travis,
is because they realized that you weren't,
you were meant for something more than the grunt work.
Yeah.
Look at him.
He's a guy.
He's an officer.
He's no enlisted man.
Make that sandwich.
Are you fucking kidding me?
I should be running this place.
I'm not.
I'm wearing the vest now.
It's about the sandwiches he doesn't make.
He knows the forbidden sandwiches, the dark veto.
I will say this, they were very impressed
that when I was doing the register,
I could do math in my head.
Yeah.
That was very impressive to everyone I worked with,
that I could tell someone how much change they got
without looking at the screen.
It's because you had so much unoccupied RAM up there
from not memorizing how to do anything else for the job.
That is correct.
I also didn't know where anything else was in the city.
So when I tried to, because it was in Norman,
so when I tried to deliver sandwiches,
it would usually take me 20 minutes longer than anyone else.
He's just not fit for that base level stuff.
We have to raise him up.
It is very much like when you see in movies and TV shows
those kids where it's like, well,
maybe he's underperforming because he's not
challenged enough.
He's been managing this store for two months now,
and he's done a fucking terrible job.
We got to keep bumping him up the ladder
until we find something that energizes him.
They offered me the role of Jimmy John, and I turned it down.
You're the new Jimmy John.
You are doing terrible at that, Mr. President.
Have you guys seen The Giver?
It's kind of like that.
That's how one becomes Jimmy John.
He has to pass off all of his free smells to you.
Let's get the money.
I'm tired of my shitty underwear.
You need to wash it.
You shouldn't be wearing those.
Crappy.
No.
Poopy diapers.
Shit filled.
I think that one of the transitions
from childhood to adulthood is when you buy yourself
some really good underpants.
There's something about like, you know,
everybody's got their favorite pairs of underpants,
and then they've got their off-court buddies.
It is a defining moment when the number one factor
for which underwear you're going to buy
is how many come in the pack.
And if you're ready to move on up,
we would like to suggest MeUndies.
We've talked about glasses.
We've talked about razors.
You can buy Justin McElroy's underwear.
Lightly, lightly used.
And signed.
Thoroughly cleansed.
Dustin Gaffard's.
Oh, Jesus.
MeUndies.
Yeah, they're all new.
MeUndies guarantees the underwear not pre-worn.
They're going to be the most comfortable underwear
you've ever tried on.
That's what we are told.
And they fit.
They don't ride up.
And they pull, listen to this.
They pull moisture away from your skin
and keep you cool all day long.
Now don't get scared,
because it's not going to pull all the moisture
out of your penis or vagina like the mummy.
It's not going to be dusty.
Like that scene in the movie The Mummy.
When Brendan Fraser pulls all that moisture
away from someone's dick.
Don't be scared of that happening to you in real life.
It's not going to happen.
Dwayne The Rock Johnson is not going to remove
all of your dick water or vagina water.
Here's the awesome thing.
Not only are they comfy,
not only are they going to keep you cool all day long,
but they also look great.
You can go to meundies.com
and check out all the different styles and everything.
And it's really pretty cool.
You know what I like about the styles, Travis?
They have matching styles for ladies and dudes.
So if you and your SO want to get a matching pair,
I don't, that's-
If that's a concern for you, go to town.
I really only have to worry about that
when I like fucking bend over to pick something up
and the top of my stuff pops out.
And dad got me a pair of Xbox boxers for Christmas
when I was like in high school that I still have.
And sometimes I'll wear those
and I'm like, you know, mowing the lawn
and I'm like, I just need something to get juicy,
you know, and I don't want to ruin my good stuff.
And so I'll wear those and I'll forget about it
and someone will come over and I'll bend over
and they'll say, what the fuck are you wearing?
Are those Xboxers?
And I'll say, yes, I'm an Xbox for life.
I love, I hate Crash Bandicoot
and I love Blinks the Time Sweeper.
That's what I tell them.
If you love Blinks the Time Sweeper too, you can go
to meundies.com slash my brother, that's meundies,
M-E-U-N-D-I-E-S.com slash my brother
and you'll get 20% off your first order
and right now you can get free shipping in the US and Canada.
Are you guys ready?
I'm going to blow your mind.
Don't mind if I do.
I'm going to blow your mind
because I'm looking at meundies.com right now.
They offer, okay, so they have like, you know,
a 10 pack of briefs, like a, you know,
three pack of t-shirts.
They offer a 365 pack of underwear.
Holy shit.
That will do me for half a year.
Now it is $4,000.
Is it really?
Yes, but.
But, I mean, that's-
That's, you are good for life.
Well, for a year or half a year.
Well, if you wear a pair of underwear a day
and then throw them away at the end of the day,
then yes, you are good for-
MeUnderwear is the most expensive,
disposable underwear on the market.
Listen, sometimes there's some people
that have to do that.
Can we not fucking judge?
I thought this was a safe fucking space.
Go to meundies.com slash my brother and get 20% off.
Highly recommend.
All right, you're in your underwear.
You're comfortable.
What are you gonna watch?
Time Pass?
No, you're gonna watch Hulu Plus.
I can't believe anybody doesn't know about HuluPlus.com.
It is where you can watch current season episodes
of your favorite shows like Modern Family,
Daily Show with Don Stewart,
and every episode-
Did you say Don?
I'm sorry, with who?
Sorry, with Jon Stewart.
I believe you said Don Stewart.
I'm almost 100% sure you said Don Stewart.
Hi, everybody, I'm Don Stewart,
and welcome to The Daily Show starring me, Don Stewart.
I hope you enjoy it.
We're gonna take a look at all the big news stories from today,
and then we're gonna put a comedy twist on them.
Enjoy, I'm Don Stewart.
Why does Don Stewart sound like Diane Rehm?
You're gonna watch every episode of shows like South Park,
which you're gonna only get on Hulu Plus.
That'd be a good binge.
That binge would go down really smooth,
but you don't just have to watch it on your computer.
It's on smart TVs.
It's on your Roku.
It's on your Apple TV.
It's on your any streaming device.
It's on my what?
It's on your Xbox.
Oh, boy.
I hope those PlayStation jerks never get it.
There are assumptions that you can only get on Hulu.
Like, it's just Hulu stuff.
There's a new season of East Los High,
which was last summer's, and I'm quoting,
summer breakout, Summer Sizzler.
So that's got sex and love and betrayal.
And you like those things.
I love those things.
They got Hot Wives of Orlando,
which is a parody of The Real Housewives.
It's a very funny Casey Wilson, Christian Schaal, and others.
There's also The Awesomes, which is Seth Meyers show.
It's about a group of superheroes.
Oh, and Quick Draw.
And there's one called Quick Draw,
which is an improvised comedy set in the Wild West.
Highly recommended.
Highly recommended.
There's five out of five.
And they still have The Prophet, which is like the best.
And Bob's Burgers, which is like Teresa's favorite thing ever.
It's a pretty good show.
We've watched Bob's Burgers straight through like seven times.
So you can get infinite television programming for $7.99 a month.
But if you go to huluplus.com slash my brother, all one word,
you can get a two week free trial into the Hulu Plus experience.
That's an extra week on top of the standard trial they offer.
And we'll give it to you.
Half a month.
Go to Hulu Plus.
Look at it this way.
You're going to sign up for it.
It is inevitable.
You're going to do it eventually because everyone's doing it
and you don't want to be the last one at the station.
So why not just do it now and get a week free?
And just get it over with.
Just get it over with.
Do it.
I'm sure that's what the nice people at Hulu want to hear us say about their product.
Just get it over.
Just rip that fucking Band-Aid off.
Thank you, Hulu.
Huluplus.com slash my brother.
Try it out.
Got a message for Liz real quick from Aaron who says,
to my beautiful wife on her big 3-0.
Does that mean she's 30 or that she's won three games and lost zero?
That's it.
Happy birthday.
Great fantasy performance.
Happy birthday to my favorite human and the greatest development director
or occupational therapist or small business owner
or whatever new career ideas you've come up with.
Animal trainer?
Anyway, you're the best.
Here's to-
Aaron, can you chill with the passive aggressiveness for like one birthday message, please?
Here's to many more years of having fun and making frighteningly detailed life plans.
Great.
I think this is Aaron's way of saying happy birthday
and also if you could help out with the ring.
And also pick something.
Oh, happy birthday.
Happy birthday, Liz.
You have a great one.
Aaron loves you very much.
You know what?
He didn't ask for this, but I think small business owner sounds just about right for Liz.
You could be a small business owner slash animal trainer.
But not, I'm talking about the building size.
Oh, okay.
I want it to be little.
I mean, too big and you got to pay for like-
This is my food truck where I train animals.
It's little.
It's a little truck too.
The littlest food truck.
Oh my God.
If you could open the littlest food truck, you're going to make bank.
It's just a Ford F-150 with a fucking pop-up tent.
I got a message for Kevin Schmidt from Alex and Sarah.
And this is a really good message.
So get comfortable.
Hey, Schmitty.
Want to play Diablo later?
It's awesome.
It's amazing.
Is it better?
This was another one that said whenever, but there was no specified date.
So they are open to playing Diablo later any day of the week.
I imagine they probably wanted this to go up a little bit closer to when Diablo
launched on consoles last month, but whatever.
He's been asking them about playing for like weeks.
Yeah.
Are you guys sure?
Can we please play?
Not yet, Schmitty.
We'll tell you when you're ready.
We'll tell you when we're ready to play.
I feel like the Jumbotron, which by the way, if you want to get a message on the show,
go to maximumfun.org slash Jumbotron and you can get that set up.
But I feel like people used to treat Jumbotron as a canvas upon which they would paint.
And then some like intrepid individuals have begun using the Jumbotron itself as the medium.
You know what I mean?
Like they are shaping the vehicle known as the Jumbotron into its own form of art.
It's becoming like a social networking platform in and of itself.
Right.
And we get hundreds of dollars from it.
So it benefits everyone.
Keep on trying.
Keep on vibing and keeping it tight.
Keep it so, so tight.
I'm Jesse Thorne.
Bullseye is all about discovering the good stuff in culture that will do nothing less
than change your life.
You know, I've never heard anything like it before.
It'd be like seeing a new color, which I guess is music's like biggest asset is that you
can hear new sounds.
I'll probably never see a new color.
I'll probably never experience like a new crazy taste, but I'll hear new sounds constantly.
Culture picks, comedy and in-depth interviews.
It's the good stuff and just the good stuff in popular culture every week on Bullseye.
Subscribe to iTunes or find it online at MaximumFun.org.
Hi, brothers.
There's a cute sign shaker girl on the corner a few miles from my house and I want to ask
her out.
What the fuck?
My question is how to approach her.
I'm assuming pulling up in my car is out of the question.
Good instinct.
And she's surrounded by empty plots of land.
So there's no other reason for me to be there.
Wait, hold on.
What's the sign for?
Here's one good tip.
Don't admit to be the sort of person that notices empty plots of land.
I don't want to survey before asking someone out on a date.
I have some clean routes of exit.
Is her sign for the empty plots of land?
Look at all these plots.
Please buy one.
Absolutely.
This town is collapsing.
Maybe she's starting a new town.
Help me buy one into Sunville.
Help me buy these plots.
I'm starting Huntington Jr.
Can you help me approach her and strike up a conversation in the least awkward way possible?
This is from Seeking Signs in San Jose and the answer is no.
Well, I think you just got to make your own sign that says
want a date and then stand across the street from her and spin it.
No.
No?
I won't do it.
None of this is gonna do it for me, guys.
What if you can deeply impress her with your sign spinning skills and she's like,
oh, you're the one.
I have a rule and I think we've talked about people treating like bank teller windows
like a lady zoo where they just pick the lady that they want to ask out because-
Which is fucking horrible.
It's horrible.
Sign marriage.
Here's my new rule, okay?
Don't ask anyone out if they are not in a position where they cannot turn on heel
and break into a full sprint.
If they're not permitted to turn around and run away from you,
then I don't think that you are able to ask a person out.
But I mean, this is my opinion.
There's so many fucking layers to this that are like crazy for you to even have the impulse
to I want to ask this person out.
They could be married.
You don't know their sexual orientation.
They could be terrible.
They could be horrible.
Okay, but that's not specific to people with signs.
That could be anyone.
I guarantee you, and sorry question asker, you haven't spoken with this sign person.
No, because they don't know how to.
Yeah, you have driven past thought, man, she's cute.
And now you've built up this whole narrative in your head about why you should ask her out.
But you know nothing about her.
It's not like everybody.
No, no, Justin, because everybody because maybe you meet someone at a party
and you have a conversation with them and then you want to ask them out.
You have that so profoundly different.
All three of us.
It's not everybody.
All three of us didn't meet our wives when they were sign dancing.
Yes, I'm saying that like there's such a huge difference between talking to someone for
even only 10 minutes and just driving by and noticing that they're cute.
Check this out.
Check this out.
She's at Little Caesars, right?
Obviously, she's working a Little Caesars.
You go into Little Caesars, you get a hot, you don't know when she's getting off work,
but you'll have to come back in to leave the sign inside.
You go into Little Caesars, you buy a hot and ready za, sit there at a table with the hot
and ready za, wait for her to come in with a plan when she comes in.
Be like, oh, this za is too big.
I can't, I'll never finish on my own.
I hope someone will help me finish this za.
Well, no, then you look like a za coward.
What?
A za coward.
I can't do it.
What was I thinking?
Couldn't do it, huh, pussy?
I'm never dating you, she'll say.
Here's the thing, though.
If she bites into that za and it's not hot and or ready, she's going to know your game.
So I need you to temp check the pizza every few minutes.
If it stops being hot, you have to throw it in the garbage and buy another one.
What if it stops being ready?
If it stops being ready, then time has come unstuck, and that is equally bad.
You open it, it's just dough and tomatoes.
And then you're a baby.
Hi, my name's Benjamin Button, and I'd really like to date you.
You just wrote a blockbuster sci-fi erotic thriller, and you didn't even realize it.
Under the Crust, starring Scarlett Johansson.
And the Oscars go to- wait, Oscars?
Yeah, all the Oscars.
They're going to Under the Crust this year.
Come on up, Justin.
Is Mystic Pizza taken?
It is taken, unfortunately.
Mystic Pizza 2 is not.
There you go.
Don't ask people out at work.
You could stare at that pizza for an hour and never know it's Daniel Day-Lewis.
Not in a million years, would you guess?
So transformative.
But he was difficult to work with because he insisted that people eat him while he was on set.
Don't ask people out at work, especially when their job is sign dancing.
She's got enough on her plate to deal with, you know what I mean?
She's trying to get out of this one horse town, away from all these empty plots of land.
Leave her alone.
And I'm sure you're great.
Maybe you guys really would connect, but not in this circumstance.
All right, guys, I have a question.
Okay.
If Daniel Day-Lewis was in character as a pizza in the movie Under the Crust,
and he's off set and a PA comes up, sees a pizza, and takes a slice out of Daniel Day-Lewis,
would he be so committed to being in character that he would not disabuse
this person of the notion that he's a pizza, or would he just let someone eat a slice of him?
It depends on what slice they're getting, right?
You know what the most delicious part would be, right?
What part?
His left foot.
Come on, come on.
That was fucking, that was easy.
That was the easiest.
Guess I'll remember that movie, right?
My left foot.
Oh, God.
It's better than the Pizza the Hut joke I was going to make.
Yeah, Travis, because I don't believe he was in that film.
No, but it's about a human pizza.
Spaceballs is about Pizza the Hut.
I'm doing Yahoo now, and there's nothing you can do to stop me.
Jaws isn't about a shark, and Spaceballs is about Pizza the Hut.
This Yahoo was sent in by a friend of the show,
Emerald member Shaman Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Angela, who asks,
how to moan loud without being heard?
Is there a way I can moan as loud as I can
without being heard by my parents?
What can I do to achieve this?
Any tips?
Thanks.
No, you don't remember what it's like out there.
No, but here's the thing.
All of this makes me icky.
It's just, it's, okay, here's what bothers me the most
about the phrasing of the question is,
if you are consciously going into it and say,
I'm gonna, I want to be as loud as I can,
it seems disingenuous to me.
My problem with it is, I don't like premeditated moaning.
That's what I'm saying.
That skeezes me out.
But if you don't pre, if she doesn't pre-plan it,
then when the moment comes, she's just gonna do it,
and she's gonna get caught, of course.
I hate the idea that at any point during my day,
if I meet a man or woman that somewhere in the back
of their head, they're thinking, I'm gonna moan tonight.
I'm gonna do some, I'm gonna do some, like,
I'm just trying to go about my day-to-day life.
I need to get an acoustical engineer in here
and figure out how loud I can be.
I gotta moan tonight.
It's gonna be a time to moan.
Like, I'm just trying to live my life,
and if I could, like, keep that question out of strangers' heads
as I'm trying to just, like, go about my business
and hit up the Jiffy Lube and ask for donations
for my church group, like, while you're thinking
about how hard you're gonna moan, I really appreciate it.
I actually thought of the best answer, though.
I thought of a good answer, and now I'm gonna feel guilty
saying it, because you guys are trying to moan shame me.
No, you go ahead, because I've got an answer, too,
and I think we might be thinking the same thing.
My answer is, when you moan, you have to moan,
as loud as you can, the melody to the song Tarzan Boy
by Baltimore.
We are not saying the same thing at all.
Oh, shit, okay.
But I'm saying, if you get your moan on with a partner
and you, like, oh, oh, boy, oh.
Then your parents are just gonna be like,
here she goes again with Baltimore.
Man, she fucking loves that song.
Can you update it?
Can I tell you something?
Every time I hear that song, I think it's gonna be Tarzan Boy.
I get excited for, like, a second.
I get fucking excited for a second.
I'm like, fucking Baltimore is back?
Why are they playing this in the Chipotle?
Ah, fucking, it's that.
That one.
It's that one.
Travis, what was yours?
I was gonna say, and it's gonna take a little work,
but maybe just make, like, cue cards.
Cue cards?
Like, in the fucking Love Actually film?
You just, like, hold up a sign that just says, like,
whoa, right?
But you don't say it, but you, like, put it
in the face of your partner.
Pleasure.
I just want you to know, and, like,
point to it really emphatically.
It's like, this now.
This now is what I'm feeling.
And maybe, like, do it, like, in the, like, glitter and glue.
Yeah.
Like, it really shows that you put some time in,
not just, like, a Sharpie on poster board,
but maybe, like, make it a thing.
Like, a diorama of pleasure.
Have one that says, like, too much teeth.
Little to the left.
Night to night.
Give me the other.
Give me the other.
You can have that on one.
We want a pitcher, not a belly itcher.
And then you can use it for multiple occasions.
Why do you have a sign that says John 316?
What am I supposed to get out of that?
Just don't mix those up.
Do not take that to WrestleMania 48.
And then just, like, hold up a big sign
when the rock is suplexed.
And it says, like, I'm coming real good on it.
I love the way you're using your wieners.
And be super careful, be super double careful
if you're a member of the Westboro Baptist Church.
Because you are headed towards some really sticky territory.
I'm getting mixed signals.
Are you protesting or are you a big fan?
If you hold up a sign that says I'm in sticky territory,
it's going to be bad news bears.
Well, it's going to be good news bears
because you're terrible.
We done with the show?
I think that's the end of the show.
We got to wrap up because you got to get Travis to Huntington.
I got to travel.
Travis, are you guys bringing lasagna or what?
We're bringing lasagna and a sweet treat.
Oh, thank God.
Did you have a baby just so your brothers
would keep bringing you food?
Yes.
Nice.
I'm still waiting on another one of those pies, by the way, here.
Well, I got you one.
Travis has gotten you no pies.
I baked you a sweet treat.
I baked you a sweet treat with my own hands.
So this has been our show.
Fantasy Football Bros.
Fantasy Football Bros.
I wish everybody the biggest touchdowns and great performances from your running back.
I hope it's better than soft-headed Eddie Lacey with his stupid concussion.
I hope you don't have him because he's got a soft head.
If you can get a professional football player to tweet about our show this week,
make sure you give them the bit.ly forward slash mbmbam2013
mbmbam2013 or it's mbmbam that bit.ly forward slash it's mbmbam that works too.
Those will lead you to samplers.
I think that's the best way to get pro football players to tweet about our show
and try to get them into it.
If we get one pro football player into it, that would be all I need.
I don't even need a starter.
I'm perfectly happy with a second string.
Yeah, no problem at all.
If I could get a Fozzie Whitaker retweet, fuck me, it's over.
It's over. Everybody just tell Matthew Barry and then I think he can connect us to some other people.
Thank you to people tweeting about the show like Devon Brews, Joshua Doolan, Monochron,
EKS, Spencer, Jen, Bradley Smith, Michael Silva, Sean McNally, Michael Taylor, Wes, Ovens, Honeyboy,
Doyle, Swinimer, many other.
A lot of people, somebody made a Glass Shark video, which I guess we probably-
That was me.
Oh, you did it. Good job, Trav.
Thank you.
You can watch that if you want.
It's on our YouTube, MBMBAM is the channel.
Yeah, I just pulled that audio out, pulled that clip out.
Here's a nice comment on the Glass Shark video from the Arthur Dent.
God, Justin can really keep a bit going.
Yeah, sure.
Sounds a little judgy.
Sounds a little judgy here.
He can really keep that ball up in the air.
But yeah, go check out our YouTube channel.
I try to, if there's a bit that everybody really likes, pull the audio out of it so
that you can share it with your friends.
Just a little bit more digestible and listenable for people who haven't listened before.
It's where the samplers are.
We've got a couple animated videos on there that were made by a couple different friends
of the show.
Highly recommend it.
Really check them out.
We're trying to do more and more stuff on there.
So yeah, go subscribe and share the videos with your friends.
Also, the Facebook group is just really, really hopping right now.
It's amazing to me, the number of people that...
Yeah, it's really catching on.
Like, I think we've approved over 500 people in the last week to join the group.
We have?
Well, I did 114.
Okay.
There's so many, and I love it.
I love that the group is blowing up, but we're talking about like, I approved like almost
500 people in one day, and it was like an afternoon.
It's called My Brother, My Brother, Me.
My Brother, My Brother, Me Appreciation Group, if you're having trouble finding it.
Please.
On there, Elijah Granite posted like a little survey of what's your favorite segments on
the show.
Leading it right now, just so everyone knows, and everybody needs to go weigh in on it.
Yahoo!
Slash Yadruz is leading it.
That's not a segment as much as it is like...
A thing that we do.
Yeah.
Second, normal questions.
Third, D&D special apps.
Fourth, Sad Libs.
Out of four?
That's ironic.
Yeah.
Sad Libs over opening goofs, cold opens, extreme restraints, money zone, and final question.
Sad Libs in fourth place.
How many shell accounts did you create?
Twelve.
Okay.
Okay, time out.
Griffin, we've been having fucking bandwidth issues this entire episode, and Griffin has
decided to make his- turn his Skype icon into a screen share of him watching Baltimore's
Tarzan.
Really, Griffin?
Really?
It is a good song, though.
It's a fucking great song.
I've never seen the music video before, and I feel like I'm on heroin right now.
Thank you to everybody who listened.
Thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song into Departure
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
I don't know if you guys got this, but I got a LinkedIn invitation from John Roderick
on the LinkedIn platform, and I very much look forward to doing great business with him.
And thanks again to MeUndies for supporting the show.
Go check out MeUndies.
Go to MeUndies.com slash my brother, and you'll get 20% off your first order, and you'll get
free shipping to US and Canada.
I also want to thank MeUndies for giving me the chance to say the phrase MeUndies like
34 times.
Yeah, that is the main service they provide.
They just let you say that.
Do you guys want to find out Yahoo?
Go listen to the other Max Fun Shows, by the way, if you haven't.
There's some really, really, really good ones.
I've been catching up on my Throw in Shade lately.
It's Jordan Jesse Goh, Josh John Hodgman, Stop Podcasting Yourself, The Goose Down,
Lady to Lady, Saw Bones.
Oh no, Ross and Carrie?
One Bad Mother?
If you didn't listen to last week's Saw Bones, it was a very special episode.
I was very, very proud of Justin Sidney for putting that one up.
There are probably better places to start if you've never listened before, but a lot
of people responded favorably to that.
Yeah, including me.
I'm going to weigh in right now.
I favored it.
Speaking of, thanks again to everybody.
We got such a great response to the Adventure Zone episode, and everybody's been really
complimentary of it.
So I just want to say thank you.
I'm glad everybody enjoyed it so much.
I hope there's more of those.
Yeah, I do too, geez.
Maybe we should ask for help with the name.
Maybe we can do that in the appreciation group.
We can make a poll or something.
I really like the Adventure Zone.
I think we could really capitalize on that, but I think we've gotten a few others.
Somebody said, my dungeons, my dragons, and me.
It's great, but I don't really want to tie it.
I hit Griffin with this this week.
What do you think about Gerblin's A Family Adventure?
I kind of like that.
I don't know that.
Gerblin's has an exclamation point.
It sounds a little bit like Joseph Gerbils, which worries me a little bit.
Okay, we'll have to think about it.
I mean, we don't have to think about it.
It sounds a lot like Joseph Gerbils, so maybe we shouldn't do that.
Anyway, how about we close it out with the final Yahoo?
Yes.
This Yahoo Drew was sent in by Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Thurston Gordon, who asks,
why is Blade Runner called Blade Runner?
There are no blades, and most people drive in the movie.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother Made Kiss Your Dad.
The score there on the lips.
Tower marker, brawling Brandy Posey, and Barbara May Day Gray.
Listen as they throw down with comedy heavyweights like Aisha Tyler,
Retta, Kate Flannery, and more.
These ladies will make you laugh so hard you will literally explode.
So go to MaximumFun.org or iTunes and download Lady Da Lady before it's too late.
Wait, where's the, where's the music?
What happened?
My throat hurts.
I don't know what to do.
Should we just get coffee?
Okay.
