The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Do you need a pitch?
Here's where I'll start. Too high. Let me know. Too low. No, no, that's right. Do you want to
just let me know when you're recording? Yeah, I'm recording now. Yeah, it's hot. Isn't it rich? Oh,
sorry. Now I'm recording. Isn't it? Oh, sorry. No, it was recording before. It was recording before.
He got a virus pop-up. Yeah, it's recording now. It's recording now. And Juice McAfee's got this
one, so don't worry about it. People love this, and you're really ruining it for me. No, we got
it. Well, we'll edit all of this out. The virus hackers are the ones who are ruining it, and it's
Norton Antivirus who sponsored this 500th episode of the show. They are a brick wall. Go ahead and
sing for me now. Isn't it rich? Uh-huh. Are we a pair? Are we? Me here at last on the ground and you
in midair. Where are the clowns? Where are they? Isn't it bliss? Don't you approve? One who keeps
tearing around and one who can move. I can just tell those levels aren't good. Where are the clowns?
He's just fluctuating. He's all over the fucking place I know. There ought to be clowns. Just when
I stopped. Oh, God. I thought that was it. Yeah, I didn't know there was a bridge. Opening doors.
It's 500. All right. Finally knowing the one that I wanted was yours. Making my entrance again with
my usual flair. Sure of my lines, but no one was there. That's gotta be the end. Don't you love a
farce? Hold on. Actually, I just come around on it. It's my fault I fear. It's your curry sauce that
you're rubbing on. I thought that you'd want what I'd want. I'm sorry, my dear. Uh-huh. Bring them
home. Goose those levels. Send in the clowns. But where are the clowns? Take me home, Justin.
Don't bother. They are here. They are here. Maybe next year. Hello and welcome. Are you gonna sit
back down now? I gotta sit back down, yeah. We could all do standing if you guys wanted to. No,
this is my home, my very comfortable. The conceit of the episode is we have just filled our rigid
frames with hot pasta. The last thing I need to be doing is elevating my- Can I introduce- Oh,
I've introduced- Introduce it. 499 of them. Hello and welcome to My Brother, My Brother and Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your
middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. And I'm still, even after all these years,
your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. So welcome to the 500th episode of My Brother,
My Brother and Me, Spaghetageddon 2. Too saucy. Too carbious. Now, a lot of people pointed out
that apparently in episode 251, we said that episode 500 was going to mark the beginning of
period 3.0 of My Brother, My Brother and Me. Oh, interesting. And now I would like to suggest
a change. Okay. Right off here, right off the bat. Maybe from now on, we're an advice show for a
bygone era. Okay. Old timey, like how do you do good at the hoop and stick thing? Yeah, yeah.
Hey, so how do your bodies feel presently? I'll tell you, Griffin. Yeah. Feel great. Okay. I ate
two bowls of that saucy stuff. Munched it all up. Special thanks to our stepmom, Carol,
for that saucy stuff. Carol gave us the chunky stuff. The saucy stuff we crave. Yeah, it's the
saucy stuff we crave. And I threw that right down my hole. And it's weird because I remember
Spaghetageddon 1 feeling like energy had been put in me by the pasta. But weirdly,
this go round, it feels like it went the other way. And I was somehow, it was taking something
out of me because I feel like I need to go to sleep. You feel heavy. I feel a heft. Well,
we did also listen to smooth jazz while we ate spaghetti. Yeah, that helped push me further down
the hole. And so maybe that's a reflection of 10 years just sort of where my body is. Yeah. Now,
I had my pasta because it is of that, of that bean life. I had mine on Shirataki noodles,
which are made of seaweed and they are indistinguishable. No, I'm kidding. They're bad.
And saying that I ate- They weren't bad. They weren't bad. That was a passable pasta experience.
Yeah, but saying I ate spaghetti for lunch would be like saying I read the VHS amore on the back
of old school and I had seen the movie old school. There's really not a connection between the two.
It's a ghost of the experience. This is our 500th special episode. I hate recording in the same room.
I fucking despise it. I'm looking at your faces. We're in Travis's office. I have also positioned
Justin directly across from you. How do you work like this, Travis? What do you mean?
It's, I need sparse, Spartan. It is, there's chaos. This is representative of my brain. A lot of half
formed but fully charged ahead ideas. Yeah. This is what I've done here. You just kind of got an
Ewok village play set up there next to some sort of Cinco de Mayo skeleton man. Yeah. So it's just
like, what's the theme, bud? Well, that shelf is all comic books. We got superheroes on that big shelf.
This shelf is all about me. I'm mostly focused on the Ewok play set Cinco de Mayo shelf. Well,
Ewoks like to party. Nub nub. This is our 500th episode. Oh boy, it feels like 486 though,
doesn't it? Yeah. The time just fucking goes the normal speed. So was the special element we added
here us just being really sad and tired and talking about my room? No, we're not going to
talk about your room. We're going to have special guests. We've got, I'm assuming you
guys have prepared some other stuff. Yeah. And it's going to be a fun episode. I got updates
from a lot of people. Oh, that'd be fun. I've got some yahoos and, but they're special yahoos
cause I'll read them funny or something. Oh, nice. Nice, nice, nice. Hey, do you guys want to start
with an update? Yes. Okay. Um, so this update. Is that your refrigerator? I mean, are you asking
if that is a physical refrigerator on the sound? It's a little bit of a buzz. Yeah. And you let
that happen? I edit it out. You edit the refrigerator buzz out? Yeah. Why don't you edit
the refrigerator out of the office? Uh, so this is from I'm quote new to not aversary end quote.
And you answered my question on episode 91 feeding frenzy. I was the question that inspired the title.
You told me the best way to heal my newly single heart was to get my girl shark pack together,
break some hearts and eat some seals. I'm pleased to say I followed your advice and 2012 became a
year where I took chances, met new people and followed and moved to a new city where I met the
man of my dreams. Eight years later, I'm happily married with a beautiful puppy and I listened to
feeding frenzy anytime I need to pick me up. All the best, Jenny. I'm assuming you named either
the puppy or your husband after us. Yeah. Or both. And I'm also assuming that the husband is a very
handsome, very eloquent Mako shark who has gotten the power to speak like through magic, like in the
movie that won the Oscar. I can't remember Free Willy Big Man in the Water. Yeah, I think that
my bet and Jenny did not describe the husband. But here's what I like to fix there. Yeah,
a very resilient, maybe a little scarred seal. Oh, I see. And Jenny attempted to eat the seal,
but then they fell in love and now married and they have a seal pup. And that's what she means
by puppy. It's a seal baby. A human seal hybrid. All right. Well, that sounds like a listener of
our show. Right, guys? Hey, what if on 500 we just fucking rip them up? We didn't really talk about
this beforehand, but what about on 500? Okay, let's do this. Ready? Hey, everybody, thank you.
There is no way for us to say thanks enough to make up for how much you have done for us in our
lives and created a bounty and a blessing that we, or any human being who has ever lived,
does not deserve. Thank you. But we can't just do that the whole time. No. So what if we just rip
them the fuck up? And maybe that'll be a start of a new era, you know? The start of the new area
is the new areola. Oh, we're shock jocks. We insult people, we talk about nasty body parts.
The new energy. Let's talk about the nastiest body part. The areola. That's fucking good.
Areola 51. Am I right, boys? Alien-ness. Areola 51 is something that we need to nurture like a
small flame that hold that idea of areola 51. I want to like make sure that we do have enough
kindling to put on it and blow on it. Because what's the follow up? You know what I mean?
Yeah. I mean, that's, that's, I want to, I want to nurture it until it's a spark right now. Skin
dependence day. Skin dependence day. Areola 51. It's really good. I'm getting close. You know
what I mean? I'm in the areola because it's like area. You can't actually do the same. Oh,
there it goes. Oh no, I killed the flame. Not enough kindling. Oh, damn it. Should we,
do you guys want to do a yahoo? This is going to be pretty fucking loosey goosey. Let's bring
somebody in. Let's bring in a special guest. Okay. Okay. Let's, but it's not, if we,
if we have a lot of them, it's not going to be very special, is it? So let's decide on three
right now. No, not three. Let's get them all in the room and we'll make them fight it out.
Let's bring our daddy in. Let's get dad in here because he does have diarrhea and I would like to.
He needs to go. He aided this beginning. He is bad off, boy.
Okay. Uh, hi dad. Hi. Do you remember how to do, by the way, this energy has been,
this episode has been so fucking low energy, dad. So if you could bring some spice and really get
us going, that'd be huge. Please display good microphone technique. Are we blaming that on
the pasta? I'm blaming it on the pasta and the fact that I broke my fucking spine last night
at our show where I did a full blown death drop. Hey dad, I wanted to, this is Clint McElroy. He's
Hey everybody. It's me, Clint McElroy bringing the energy. So yeah, give us that juice dad,
that stinky stuff, the shit we crave. About what? About funny stuff. Let me start by this. Okay.
What's your favorite moment from My Brother, My Brother, and Me, the podcast?
Uh, the first time I was on. Okay. When was that? Yeah. When was that? Um, it was a long time ago
because I was, we were still up on the hill in the old studios at the radio station. Yeah. And I had
to step outside because I was laughing too loud and it was bothering my recording compatriots.
I see. So I stepped outside. So wait, we just called you on the phone? Yeah. Yeah. We called
them on the phone. Was it for a bonus episode? Yeah. That was a full episode. We were on the
phone. This was back when we recorded the show on a fucking yak back on a broken talk boy. Uh,
yeah. We would hold it up to a landline. Dad, how would you say that, um, what's the biggest impact
on your life? Like how have we changed it? How have we fixed it? How we fixed it. It had, you have
fixed my life by enabling me to build my own career. Finally, you know, uh, to make something
of myself. Yeah. You know, um, and, and I've gotten, the big thing is I've gotten a chance to
like meet Joel from mystery science theater 3000. That was, that was a big life. Who's the best
famous person you've gotten to meet by riding our coattails? That's a good one. Uh, well,
now wait a minute. I think Joel, maybe Joel was Joel from mystery science theater. 3000 Joel from
it. Joel. Yeah. Um, Brandon Ralph was a nice get. Nice dude. Fucking jacked tall. What did you think
of Brandon, Brandon, Ralph's huge muscles? His frame. Um, his pecs were good, but when he
pulled up his shirt and showed us his six pack, I thought that was a little, it's weird that he has
to do it every 15 minutes. He has a timer on his watch. Excuse me. Yeah. And he actually, it was,
he said Superman, make a whoopee and he pulls up his shirt and he's got a six pack of Michelob
ultra under there every time. Uh, that was, that was good. Um, what's your favorite city we visited
for live shows? And what's the worst city? Yeah. Listen for me going, I will go back to the Wilbur
in Boston. Well, you say that we are specifically not going back to the Wilbur this year.
Well, I still, that, that first time we did a live Taz and we stepped out on the stage
and I've never experienced anything like that. And I've done boys. I've been,
walked a lot of stages. I've trod a lot of boards, but that was an extremely cool moment.
I felt like that was, that was awesome. Um, but it's not the 500th episode of the adventure zone.
Correct? No. Oh, it's not. No. What is this for? Uh, okay. Uh, and what was that least favorite
city? Which one did you really hate? It was a real stinker and be honest, be honest about it.
Yeah. We'll bleep it out. We'll bleep it out. We'll bleep it out because Hey dad,
after 500 we're fucking ripping them, dude. Yeah, dude. I would have to say the time we spent in
San Francisco was, I can't believe you actually answered it. One of the best times. Hey folks,
Clint McElroy. Thank you so much. Am I done? You're actually done. Yeah. You're done. Do you
want to say anything earnest? Oh, honest, earnest. Yeah. You mean like going on about how damn proud
I am of you guys? Get out, get out. No, I love that stuff. I just, I'm very proud of you guys.
I really, and the, just, just to be able to look on my oldest son's face and see how happy he is
that I am proud of. Oh God. And, and look, I, um, I don't want to really. Hey dad, on your way out,
will you send in the clowns? Just tell them they're up. Do we want to send another get,
am I done? If Henry's not up, can you send, can you ask Rachel to come in? Uh, okay. So let's
talk about how the show, do you all think it has changed since we became parents? I think it's,
all our jokes are still totally relatable. I think everything hasn't changed. I think that
we didn't miss a fucking step, did we? I don't think we missed a step, did we? Have you guys
started encountering the idea of like, now our kids will soon listen to like shit we said,
um, like five, six, seven, eight, 10 years ago. Are you reaching that part with, are you reaching
that with Charlie where Charlie's like talking to you about, hey, come on in, come on in. Join us.
Is Henry asleep? No. That really traps my ass. If I'm being honest. Anyways, here's Rachel. Hi hun.
Hi. Um, how are you doing? Are you frustrated because our son didn't take a nap? This is an
honest place. I'm, I'm kind of frustrated. I did some work in there, told him a story about
Superman. I thought he liked it. Wait, was it off the dome? It was right. I flipped it right off
the dome. What did he do? He wanted to be slow in his story and beat the Joker. So anyway,
and that didn't work. He's not asleep. No, he's not asleep. All right. Well, I'm not worried
about it. What, um, what am I, am I supposed to? Well, this is kind of a retrospective, 500,
looking back. Your first, your face, if you could rank, this is gonna be really tough. If you could
rank your top 10 My Brother, My Brother B episodes. Uh, 17. Oh nice. Oh yeah. Hey, that's a safe bet.
Shooting before the first like 50 is a safe bet. 17 is gonna be like our, like we said some wild
shit and why did she pick 17? Which leads me to 43. Oh, that's a dog whistle right there. And
those two, if you think about it, canonically are pretty linked actually. Yikes. I mean, I could
continue to just name numbers. How about I say my least favorite ones? Okay. Yeah. So number one.
Yeah. That's an easy, easy call. I bet everyone at home is going.
Yeah. You, you came on the team later. You were recruited by Tom Cruise's guys,
the ones he uses to find brides. Yeah. We needed to get Griffin married to be a little bit more
relatable. The admins whittled down the list and you were brought on the team a little bit later
after the product had already been in production for a few years. Now is the product you
in this scenario of the podcast? Um, it's, we're, it's symbiotic. Or is it your seed?
Oh yeah. My seed? Well, let's talk about my seed. Okay. Pretty cool.
Made a little guy with it. You did. I didn't. Hey, we did it. Thank you. You took my seed.
And you ran with it. I really, I've seen the before and after and you did a great job.
You made it your own dude. Don't say that that's weird slime is I, I had anything to do with it
afterwards. Rachel, you've listed the first episode of this podcast. Yeah. If you imagine being 10
years ago and being someone who listed that, can you, is there even a glimmer in your mind,
even a spark where you think, bet these guys are going to make $500. This is the sort of thing
that 500 of them will be. I mean, I didn't even think you guys would still be brothers by now.
I just assumed that like people who listened to that first episode is like, if you find an injured
baby bird and you're like, I'm going to nurse it back to health. But then you found out you had
to nurse that bird for like 500 days. And you're like, Oh, I really thought he'd be flying by now.
You only have to nurse the bird for the first like 100 days. And then you're just waiting for
him to fly because today, the day you fly with more gems about horses. Yeah. We met about a year
after the show had started. You and Rachel, not us. No, me and Rachel, uh, our guest. And I met
you right after you did your second city show or right before somewhere around there. It was right
before. Yeah. Yeah. This would have been, uh, and did you go back? We kind of had a little flirt
going on, a little correspondence going on for a while after. This is great with Justin sitting
in between us. And did you go back and listen to the old episodes where I would talk pretty much
about like, you know, how I didn't wash my Bush or some shit like that and be like, I can't not
get with him. I was actually always surprised at how comfortable you were talking about how
terrible your digestive system was. I was like, this man is really comfortable talking about his
diarrhea on a podcast and this, and he's trying to be my boyfriend. But when we met, I did have
bad diarrhea. I got on the airplane and told you about that. But Rachel, you now have the insight
that you can share with our listeners at home. Is that just a funny persona? I mean, he plays it up
for sure. Mr. Bad guy. That's a good character. The grooving place at home. Rock solid digestion.
This guy, he poops once a day, every day. Same time. Same time. Say you're watching by it. It
lasts an hour and a half. I love you a lot. I love you too. And I'm glad I met you because I feel
like I can't go back and listen to episodes one through 50. You were a lot sadder. I was much
sadder. That seemed to be a thing. I remember early after we started dating, getting tweets
from people like, I miss sad. He was funnier when he was sad. He wasn't. Wicked was not.
Well, Rachel, thank you so much for your contributions to our family. Thanks for having
me. Yeah. And the love and laughter that you provide me every day with your smile, your grace.
Okay. Justin's clocking out. Okay. Who'd you get? Your wife. I got a big get for a real special,
special guest. Okay. This co-host of saw bones, a mayoral tour of misguided medicine. My wife,
my best friend, don't plug your own show. Smurl McElroy. Welcome Dr. McElroy. Thank you. I like
the purple mic. Yeah, that's very nice. You've been with her since the beginning, since before
the beginning, you were already shaping Justin into the performer and co-host that he is today.
Mm-hmm. What's it like to finally see all your hard work pay off and to have a partner who
finally is bringing something to the table? Because you were a doctor for a while. Well,
Justin was just like kind of a lay about video game journalist. And now he's able to provide
for you and give something to society. So you don't have to do all the work. Is it nice?
Yeah. I think it's a huge relief, really. I mean, you bet on somebody, you take that gamble,
you put all that work in and you just really hope at some point it pays off.
Sid, you've known us for a while. Can you remember the exact moment where success ruined us?
Or if you prefer me specifically, because I've always been ruined.
Yeah, Travis was ruined. Travis came pre-ruined from the factory.
We got our first iTunes review where somebody was like,
yeah, pretty good. And Travis was like, that's what did Travis.
I got second place in a lip sync battle in elementary school and ever since then.
He's just been spoiled milk.
I think the bidet has been a real turning point for you.
Was that not a present from you to him?
Well, I guess I take the blame for it.
But I became the sort of person that would appreciate the gift. I mean, in your defense.
You did want a bidet before I got you the bidet.
Now that he's got a pretty like constantly clean hole, like how has he been since that?
Yeah.
Have you noticed a sort of difference?
Do you mean as a lover?
No, I don't want to talk about that.
I don't either.
Hey, Sid, what's your favorite episode of the podcast of My Brother, My Brother and Me?
It's so hard to choose.
I bet it is, Sidney.
There's quite a few.
I bet it is hard. That's not why.
Sidney, what's your favorite bit from My Brother, My Brother and Me?
Don't do this.
You can't pick one favorite bit.
This isn't fair.
Nobody's taken Shrimp Heaven now yet.
Just pick one favorite bit.
Nobody's taken Donkey.
Donkey's huge right now.
Donkey's a pretty big one.
It's really sad that when I try to think of my favorite bits,
they're all from like over 300 episodes ago.
When I asked Sidney to come in here, Rachel said,
it's fine. I just did it. It took five minutes.
You have to stroke three of those a little bit.
But that quote is to be expected.
Oh, boy.
Sidney's refusing to do that though.
Maybe like,
I'm very, I love them all.
It's just, you guys are so great.
More of a Taz fan.
You have listened to My Brother, My Brother and Me.
That's what hurts.
It's just one thing.
I've showed you videos of like, look at the funny thing I did.
I haven't listened since we had kids.
Okay.
Well, yeah, so you haven't heard all the shit
he's been talking about these two.
Everyone can agree all our best episodes were before that anyway,
to be fair.
That's where we were just really grinding.
We were just like, hey, we just got to record.
We just got to get an hour out there.
The show was our kid, wasn't it?
Yeah.
The three of us got together and made a baby
and the baby was our show.
There was a lot of horse stuff back then.
And that's fucking funny.
Why do you think that that's so funny, Sidney?
Sidney, why are horses so funny?
I mean, they're big.
They are, yeah.
We never talk about that, I think.
They got funny names.
They kind of look like they're going to talk, right?
They look like at any moment they're going to,
and it's weird then that you like ride them.
Have you guys seen Bojack Horseman?
He talks.
He talks, yeah.
I'm glad to finally get like a doctor's opinion on the fact
that horses' mouths look like they should be talking.
I feel that so to my core.
Sid, was there a moment in our meteoric rise to podcast stardom
where you thought, I got to start treating him better.
I'm going to lose him.
Um, yes.
When was that?
No?
Okay, that's fine.
You treat me very well.
No, no.
I mean, you know.
Yeah, I guess.
I guess at some point with like, you know, the live shows and everything
and everybody cheering for you all.
Yeah.
Cheering like, I want to fuck your brains out, Justin.
Stuff like that.
Look at that sexy guy.
Yeah.
I'm going to feel him.
I love the one who only wears Disney shirts.
I'm going to steal that wiener.
Sydney, what do you feel like you as a podcaster have learned from us
in your own podcasting careers?
Well, I mean, this sounds like I'm stroking your egos,
but everything, I would never have done a podcast otherwise.
This is that good shit.
Keep it coming.
No, but I mean, it's true.
I would never have thought to do it.
I mean, in the doctor world, a lot of us don't know what podcasts are
or how to find them or get them or how you go about it.
You've been telling them about it though, right?
Yes.
She burns them cassette tapes.
I mean, it's growing, but doctors are never on like the cutting edge
of like cool new media or anything cool and new.
Sounds like those doctors have borders and they're not without them.
They have some borders around what they'll listen to.
And they only shop at borders.
They only shop at borders, which is closed so they can't buy podcasts.
You know, just side note, because you just made me remember this
for like the first 50 episodes to get my friends to listen to it.
I did burn it on the CD.
Oh, yeah, for sure.
Yeah, I used to because I worked at the Shakespeare Company
and then like a company van and I would use it to drive like materials
and then the touring company would use.
I would like leave the CD in the like in the player
so that when they started the car, it would just be on.
That sucks, bud.
That's rough.
But look at me now.
That's rough.
Even now at work, sometimes people will be like, how's your blog?
Oh, cool.
It's pretty good.
I mean, this is a confessional sort of medium, right?
Now, is there a possibility the doctors are doing that because they're jealous?
I don't think so.
I don't think they know what I'm doing.
Would you say how many who's who would you say Sidney has saved more lives?
OK, this is interesting because we get emails from people.
They're like, you saved my life.
Yeah, you really made me laugh.
Us or a doctor.
You.
A doctor, me.
OK, yeah.
OK, but let's change the parameters.
OK, OK, think about it this way, right?
You're strong, right?
You could pick up 50 pound weight and very tiny picks up a big crumb.
I think that's more impressive.
Right.
So you may have saved more lives, but the amount we've saved comparatively.
We are a pizza rat.
Yeah, you see us saving our life and you're like,
that shouldn't be them doing that, but we're going to do it anyway.
I guess what I'm saying is, are you proud of us?
Of course I'm proud.
You all have definitely your skill set has brought a lot more joy to people
than I think my skill set does.
But the problem is you also do podcasts and I do not doctor.
So you still handily whip my ass.
Yeah, Sidney, thank you so much for joining us.
Will you at some point, will you see if Charlie wants to come in?
We'll get a real Bim Bam fan on here.
She will.
Yeah.
Are you sure you're ready for that?
Could I get my wife in to talk about how great I am?
Sure, yes, I guess.
Okay.
But we got to hurt, we're running out of time.
It's just that you guys, you got to talk to your wives
and I just miss Teresa a lot.
Yeah, I know, but look at the time.
Yeah, I know.
Where does it go?
I mean, we're only a half an hour into our hour long show.
Wow, okay, we have time for lots of special guests.
Yeah.
Thank you, Sidney.
Thank you all.
I'm going to go blast off in the bathroom while we wait for our next guest.
All right, this is a segment where Travis and I talk about Griffin who has left the room.
Do you want me to get pissy, sir?
Yes, please.
I just think I might not edit this one.
Oh?
Yeah, I think I might just leave all this.
Wouldn't that be fun?
I mean, Justin and I were really quiet while you peed so we could hear it through the microphone.
Oh, cool.
Yeah.
That's authentic.
That is, that's that rough and raw stuff, you know?
Let's listen to how Justin would do it.
Uh-oh.
It's really quiet.
Maybe he's nervous.
I hear it a little bit.
Maybe we should open the door.
Just open the door.
The acoustics are bad.
We need to get room tone on your pissies.
We're going to have you finish this bottle of water and do a take two.
Real quick before he gets back, Travis, you're my favorite.
Okay, thanks.
All right, just count us back in.
Okay, it was just your pissy was real quiet.
And a three and a four.
You know what to do.
Uh, do you want to do another catch up?
Yeah.
Want to check in?
My wife?
Yeah.
My wife.
My wife.
I legitimately thought I had a problem with the weird excess chocolate in my office,
but Justin being like, just throw it away, made me feel much better.
I have not thrown away the old chocolate, but it comforts me to know that the chocolate police
will not come for me if I do.
I would now appreciate your advice on whether I should make a sign for my office with the
nickname you gave me, Dr. Prematorium's Fudge-a-matorium.
That's good shit.
Yeah.
Hi, honey.
Hello.
Yes, make that sign.
Hello, welcome.
That was a pretty low stakes sort of problem that we saw too, huh?
Yeah, we did start doing a lot more slow pitches in our later years.
Well, you can only do so much roommate shit.
Now, uh, joining us in the studio is the co-host of, uh, Shmanners, a wildly popular
advice cast, uh, that I also happen to be on.
And, uh, it's Teresa McElroy, and she also, she and I started dating two months before
we started recording My Brother, My Brother, Me.
So she has been there from the beginning, and you've really seen me become unbearable.
Is that true?
It's true.
Yeah.
I think that the, that the real catalyst for, um, Travis's head not fitting through the
door anymore is the thank Travis for Travis.
Yeah, that did happen.
I think I started myself.
I think you did.
Which is, yeah, very appropriate.
Yeah, that's the thing.
It's like, oh, who said that first?
I did.
I love, I love, um, that Teresa needed basically no prompting to get into that.
Someone said, hey, isn't Travis kind of, and she just ripped the sleeves off her shirt.
It's like, let's fucking go.
Well, here's the thing, here's what people don't see, the listeners at home, is that
my wife does not think I'm funny.
And so the balance there is like-
I like to make him work pretty hard for it.
I'll come out and be like, hey, listen to this funny thing I did.
And she'll just look at me like, that's dumb.
And I'm like, oh no, people laughed at it on Twitter.
Have you heard about play along at home?
Um, I have.
What do you think?
Let's get your thoughts on-
In the dark moments.
In the dark times with Travis staring into a mirror lit only by candles and his own sadness.
And he says, maybe I should stop doing play along at home.
That is the opposite of what happens, good sir.
I come busting into whatever room she's in like, listen to these questions I wrote.
You'll never believe what I found out about squirrels.
What's your feelings on play along at home?
Well, the first time that he came to me with this quiz, I said,
so is this quiz for your brothers or for the listeners?
And he said-
A good important question.
He said, yes, it's for everyone.
It's for everyone, so play along at home.
Okay.
And I thought that these would be maybe like, like it would be some kind of like trivia game.
It is.
But it's not really.
Now, honey, would you say that maybe I happen to have a certain,
I don't know, dark desire to create things that only I find funny?
Oh, you mean like sad libs?
Like sad libs and play along at home and pretty much half the stuff I find-
All the jokes you've ever said.
Yeah, it says like, I find that you can't please-
Okay, I heard that, Justin.
Not all the jokes, you're right.
Honestly, you've honed me, I would say to a razor sharp edge.
Only of my best stuff makes it on air now.
Now tell me, is play along at home part of the razor?
Hey, you wouldn't believe the other shit I don't use.
Now, Charlize, what is your favorite episode of My Brother, My Brother, Me?
Well, I would be remiss if I didn't say Spaghetti Gettin' One.
You are the first of the wives to actually name an episode, so thank you.
Thank you for that.
What's your favorite bit?
Does Fugue for Tin Brothers, does that count as a bit?
I think it does, yes.
I don't think so, we didn't really write that.
Right.
Technically, Lin stole the music for it, so-
And our jokes.
So he didn't really write it either.
So that's the real noodle scratcher.
It is.
Who wrote that?
This is like that time travel-
To whom does the bit belong?
Exactly, if I go back in time and I hand Shakespeare a copy of Hamlet,
and then he uses that to make Hamlet.
Who wrote Hamlet, right?
Still Shakespeare, or I guess who-
No, because I'm creating a cyclical loop of where did I get it from?
Shakespeare.
Okay, but I'm taking it back to him and giving it to him,
and he's using that to make Hamlet.
Yeah, but you still gave it to him because you had it from Shakespeare.
Damn, Griffin, you solved it.
What he's not saying is then he disappears from the photograph, right?
Why is Shakespeare in the photograph?
Who took a photograph of Shakespeare?
And then you gotta get Shakespeare and Mrs. Shakespeare
to hook up in a car at their junior prom.
Gotta get Biff out of there.
What if he went back too far and you gave it to teenage Shakespeare
and he wrote it was like, pfft, this sucks.
Bring me to play with jugs.
And then he never wrote anything.
But then he wrote Romeo and Juliet.
Sure, right, okay, that's fair.
Teresa Marie, thank you so much for joining us.
And for making our brother a better person.
A thankless job that made Justin a better person.
You've got so many more miles to go, Teresa.
I am a bearable person now.
You're my favorite person, Travis.
Thank you, you're my favorite too.
I love you.
I love you too.
Oh no, they're kissing, they're friction right on the table.
That's how we do it.
And I hope that your listeners know that it's all in good fun.
We rib each other.
Apparently not my jokes.
No, your jokes are terrible.
She got the memo, man.
Post 500, ripping that butt.
Thank you, Teresa.
You're welcome.
She's ripping that butt.
She's ripping your butt, dude.
Okay, so we have in the room now.
Griffin went to go get Henry.
I don't know how long we're gonna have him.
Bebe, hello.
Hello.
Well, that's Charlie.
That was a no from Henry.
That's a big no from Henry.
Okay.
Griffin, you share a microphone with me.
Okay.
That's a rubber glove.
That's a rubber glove, Charlie.
Why does Travis have that in his office?
That's a great question.
Is it for weird bad stuff?
No, it's for my hair.
Hi, Bebe.
Please don't call me Travis, Bebe.
You know I don't like that.
Stop touching the microphone, Charlie.
Wait, good mic technique.
Come on, baby.
Good mic technique.
We've done our drills at home.
Hi.
Hi, Charlie.
What's your favorite bit?
Like you watch, you know how sometimes you and I,
before you go to bed, watch at your asking for it,
watch some My Brother, My Brother, Me cartoons
that people make on YouTube?
You know how we watch this sometimes?
The one about ice cream
or the one where you make a new outfit for that?
Those are my two faves.
Oh, is the one about ice cream the one with the flavor brown?
Yeah.
Yeah, that was pretty good.
How's that song go?
Well, I forgot.
Do you want ice cream?
Oh, that dreamy, screaming cream
and the chocolate flavor of vanilla bean.
I want to switch.
Okay, do you want to come over and sit with me?
Hey, Bebe.
Why don't you, why don't you-
There you go.
Yeah, go sit over there, cousins.
Oh, that's great.
Charlie, if you did a podcast about anything,
what would you do a podcast about?
Candy.
Okay, what would you say about candy?
That I love candy
and we'll talk about all the different kinds of candy.
Yeah, Bebe, what's your favorite candy?
Like those weird little strawberry hard candies
with Gush in the middle?
You like the gummies too.
Do you like sour gummies?
I don't.
Well, I like sweet gummies.
Okay.
Okay, cousins, don't fight over the microphones, please.
Charlie, do you think Marin was overrated
just because he's been on the scene for so long?
Yeah.
Maybe.
Yeah, maybe.
Do you think when cereal came around
and sort of like opened up a lot of people to podcasting-
Bebe, don't play with the wind filter, please.
Leave the wind filter there.
Just leave them right there.
We don't need to touch it anymore.
Hey, Bebe, don't touch.
Don't touch.
So, Charlie, I was asking you about cereal season one.
It seemed to really cause a real zeitgeist.
Do you think that was for the positive or for the negative?
Do you think?
I'd like a critical analysis.
What do you think about cereal?
It's amazing.
Yeah.
What is your favorite thing about cereal?
That when some cereals get soggy, it gets really sweet.
Yeah.
Bebe, do you like cereal?
Yes.
What's your favorite cereal?
Strawberry.
You like strawberry.
Okay, I'm picking up that I think-
Is your favorite food strawberries?
Yes.
Yeah, strawberries are pretty good.
What's your favorite My Brother, My Brother, and Me bit?
You silly, Daddy.
Okay.
I am pretty silly.
Do you think Daddy's funny?
Yes.
Yeah.
Hey, can I ask you a question, Bebe?
What?
How do you feel about play along at home?
Do you like it or is it really bad?
I like it.
Yeah, that's who I'm doing it for.
Okay.
My turn.
Okay, Charlie, what do you think about play along at home?
It's amazing.
Yeah.
Wow.
Hey, I'm resonating with the younger generation.
I'm picking up that new demographic.
That's interesting.
Do you think that Uncle Travis and Uncle Griffin are too mean to Daddy
about opening his refreshing sodas in the middle of the show?
I knew it.
Maybe.
Maybe.
But he does kind of grip it and rip it, right?
He grips it and he rips it, right?
He really makes a meal of it.
No.
No.
Charlie, do you have any other favorite My Brother, My Brother, and Me bits
that you'd like to share with us?
No, those are the only two.
Only those two?
Silly Justin.
Bebe, we've been thinking about rebranding.
Can you think of another title?
Like what else the show could be called?
No, me.
Uncle Travis, what's your favorite, favorite of your podcast?
Me.
Oh, good question, Charlie.
My favorite bit is there is an episode where we talk about Tim Curry
driving an ice cream truck and he says,
I'm hanging out in here with Pikachu and Charmander.
I'm chilling in here with Pikachu and Charmander.
Charizard, pump the brakes.
Charizard is driving a pylon.
We're all eating push pops.
And the way that Griffin says it backs me up every time I think about it.
With Charmander.
Bebe, will you tell us a joke?
What?
Charlie, that's a pretty good joke.
Hey, Bebe, guess what?
Chicken butt.
That's actually way better than Travis's.
Hey, Charlie, can you tell it?
Can you tell us a joke?
Do you know a joke?
All right, now don't be silly.
Joke telling is deadly serious.
Yeah.
Guess who?
Who?
Chicken poo.
That's good.
That's good.
That kind of was the same formula.
Why?
Chicken pee.
Chicken pee?
It's pretty good.
This show used to be about something, wouldn't you say, Charlie?
Yeah.
Charlie, what do you think this show's about?
Yeah, what does My Brother, My Brother mean about?
If you had to tell a friend what our-
Chicken poop.
It's about chicken poop.
Chicken hand.
Chicken hand.
Yeah, it's another part of the chicken.
If you had to tell-
Chicken nose.
Hey, Charlie, would you say that Justin has changed since he had kids?
Chicken poop.
Do you think I'm different since I had kids?
Bebe, please stop talking about chicken poop.
I've never been a lot of chicken poop.
Yeah, that's wild, isn't it?
That's a good point.
All right, well-
All right, thanks, guys.
Thanks, cousins.
I love you.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Well, then you got to bring something.
Bebe, stop hanging off the microphone.
No, no, no.
I mean like a bit or something.
Like a story or-
Bebe, would you guys sing a song?
Oh, hey, she does celebrity impressions.
Oh.
Oh, tight.
Do Michael Keaton.
No, do a celebrity impression.
One of your best ones.
Is that Spongebob?
Yeah.
Very good.
Very good.
All right, thanks, Charlie.
One more.
Okay, she got one more.
Just a little bit more heat.
Uh-oh.
Bebe's going to walk the room and explore the space.
She has to move the microphone from the stand.
Charlie, do your impression.
Kermit the Frog here.
That's good stuff.
That's very good.
I love it.
Bebe, do you want to sing a song?
Twinkle, twinkle in the stars.
How I wonder what you are.
Can I sing a song?
Sure, Charlie.
All the other girls here are stars.
Beyond the northern lights.
They try to shine into your current life.
Too close and too bright.
They try and they try.
But everything that they do is a ghost of a trace.
I'm a pale imitation of you.
I'll be the one to drive you back home, Kathleen.
Yay.
Wow, that's really good, Charlie.
Well done.
She wrote that last week, actually.
I told her it wasn't good enough.
I'm sorry.
We're going to keep retooling it.
Come on.
All right, you two kids out of here.
Bye, Charlie.
Bye, Bebe.
Bye, cousins.
Leave the microphone, Charlie.
Charlie, leave the microphone.
She's doing an Airhead-style protest where she won't leave the studio.
She's got a gun full of hot sauce.
Good job, guys.
Guys, I just figured out how we're going to amp this episode up.
We got a microphone.
We can take out the thing.
You got a pull-up bar.
I say...
Oh, we're all going to see how many pull-ups we can do?
I think this episode has got to have a pull-up contest.
Okay.
Yeah, all right.
Now, Griffin, we'll just take turns holding the microphone up to the person doing the pull-up.
Yeah, it's fucking tight.
This is good.
Travis, move your big basket of laundry that you have in your office for some reason out of the way.
That's where my closet is.
Yeah, again, in the office is a strange...
Okay, wow.
That's a big closet.
Yeah, sure.
Get a big bag of barbecue.
It's not a bag of barbecue.
Just the usual office shit.
I cleaned it up.
I cleaned it up so that you could be in here.
Okay, so who's going to go first?
How secure is this?
Because I already ate shit once.
It's secure.
Hang on all the time.
Okay, so do you use this?
Well, you can use hands like this or hands like this.
Can you do a pull-up?
Yeah.
I've never done one before.
You can do it.
In middle school, I tried to do one and the doctor, the gym doctor, told me to just stop.
If you want to do a pull-up...
Just go ahead now.
All right.
Okay, do it.
What are we counting as a pull-up?
If it goes...
Get your chin up to your hand level.
One.
Oh my God.
Two.
I can't do more than two.
All right, Justin, you're up.
Dude, that was...
Hey guys, that was my first pull-up ever in my life.
That was two.
Okay, that was two pull-ups.
Here we go.
This isn't fair.
I have more weight than Griffin does to pull up.
You got more power though.
Yeah, you have more torque.
You could really stomp my ass if you wanted to.
I won't be at that.
I didn't realize that I came up with the idea.
You are literally hoisting on your own batard.
One.
Baby.
One.
That's good.
That's one.
Oh, this is a bad idea.
All right.
Let's see how Dougie Big Arms does it.
Here we go, Dougie Big Arms.
That's one.
That's two.
His neck looks crazy and big.
That was three.
That's all you needed.
Yeah, all I needed to do was three to win and it's because I've been working out.
My guts hurt real bad.
Yeah, sure, babe.
Yeah, bud.
Hey, you got any more catch-ups, check-ins?
A check-in would be nice.
I would like to pause it if we can...
All right, let's pause it.
Let's get real for just a second.
We don't have to get saccharine, but I want to ask you guys your favorite sort of memory
associated with us doing this show.
Oh, cool.
Like for dad, like doing that first task at the Wilbur, that was huge.
That was a wild...
That was our first show that I remember thinking like, this is fucking wild.
This is getting out of hand.
I will never forget the first live show we ever did was opening for Jordan Jesse Go at
Second City in Chicago.
And we were very nervous to do it because we'd never done it live and we'd always relied
on it at that point.
I think we were literally at a year at that point, almost exactly.
Yeah, because it was on my birthday and we started on April 10th.
My birthday is April 17th.
And so we went out and I at that point called my girlfriend, Teresa, and I was like, I'm
so nervous.
She was like, just focus on making your brothers laugh.
Just don't worry about it.
I did a throw up backstage.
I did a literal mom skeddy right there.
That's not a joke.
I did that with my body.
And then the show went super great.
And it was the first time I had heard people laugh in the room at things we were saying
and enjoy it.
And that was very special.
I think, and it's why we haven't talked about Max Fun since we've been doing this wrap up
episode, but it's been mostly sort of bits and bytes and goofs and pranks and stuff.
But I remember waiting in line at Trader Joe's in Chicago with like two feet of snow on the
ground.
And I just walked and I was miserable and soggy.
And while I was checking out, I checked my email on my phone and there was one from Jesse
inviting us to be on the network.
And that was like, that's the most memorable moment.
That was a defining moment.
That's where it was like, hey, this is like, we're going to make money.
Dude, this is a job.
Yeah, this could be more than just a hobby.
And also we were all such big fans of his show and a bunch of Max Fun stuff.
And so the idea of, it was like meeting a celeb and you feel this weird like, oh, our
worlds are weirdly intersecting at this one moment.
Only it's not just the one moment.
It's like all the moments after.
That was so nice.
I think that was when we filmed the Candle Nights episode of the TV show and the having
the crowd of people there and like all our family being there and the filming and everything.
It really felt like, I don't know, it really felt like a thing.
Like we had like, it was one of the rare times where I've taken to say, you know, it's
hard when you make a podcast every week, there's another one to make.
So you very rarely like, that's part of the joke I think with us talking about like
favorite bits, favorite episodes or whatever.
Like, I don't know, we have to do another one next week.
You can't rest on your laurels too much.
It's just, you got to do another one.
So I think that was one of the few moments that actually took the time to realize how
far we'd come and how cool was what we get to do.
Yeah, you like, you know, getting pretty emotional during that shoot.
Like, I don't know that a lot of people realize like, that was our, and J.D. Amato taught
us this term as he taught us so many things because he single-handedly saved that show
and is a lifelong member of the of the fam, the martini shot, as he called it.
That was the last thing we filmed, like that scene about sitting there.
And it was a scary thing like us doing the TV show.
We had no idea what we're doing.
And this was like this weird, cathartic, we had just done the show.
I had just fucking smashed the mayor's car with the car, just fucking annihilated it
earlier in the day.
So I had a lot of emotions going on.
And to have that be the last thing we shot, that's standout.
That's been for me, like a recurring theme from the beginning, because the truth is,
the honest thing is going into it, Justin and Griffin were already doing the joystick
podcast and I wasn't doing anything that was like of any kind of public interest whatsoever.
Or and Justin, you know, whoever came up with the idea first, I think it was Justin.
But like, let's do a podcast.
And then it was Justin.
Yeah.
When we went into that first episode, Justin said, we're just going to do like a test
one to see how it goes.
And I was so nervous.
But him saying like, this is just like for practice.
And I was like, oh, OK.
So then I was able to do it.
Yeah.
And then we finished recording.
I still have to tell Travis that actually before every episode.
And then we finished recording.
Justin's like, OK, yeah, we'll just publish that.
And I was like, oh, thank God I didn't know we were publishing before.
It would have been so in my head.
And then people received it well and liked it.
And I'm like, it was nice.
So I guess, you know what?
Let's go ahead and call it there.
This has been a wonderful time of reflection and growth.
I want to say thank you to everyone who sent in updates.
I'm sorry we only did two.
Can you just rattle some off?
I think that it would be-
Back in October 2016, I wrote in saying that my wife and I bought a house and found 280
rolls of toilet paper in unopened 40-roll boxes in the attic.
There's 45 rolls left, and I just got the last box down for the attic.
And I'm getting nervous because I can't go back to buying toilet paper after living like this.
I can run the numbers and figure out how much shitting you're doing, my man.
Let's see.
You answer a question about my roommate about starting a bone collection on episode 476.
I did follow your advice and just asked my roommates how to start a collection.
But before they could help me, they turned out to be shitty people.
So I'm moving out.
Good news, I thought I-
Good news, though.
I asked my dad, who spends a lot of time in the woods, if he had any bones or advice
how to get them, and now I have a pretty large collection.
Thank you for your advice, even if my roommates turned out to be total jerks.
Oh, this is a more recent one, but this one made me really happy.
Hey, brothers.
This is Calvin, the ravioli champion from the 2019 Candle Knights episode.
I decided to take your advice and start training an heir to the ravioli throne.
There's a young lady who also works at the camp who has been a competitor in the past,
and she has the stomach of a true champion.
We've talked and decided that I will tab out early this year,
after a reasonable healthy ravioli, and in the same moment announce my successor
and continue to coach her for the remainder of the meal.
It will be a true move me moment, just like Rocky.
Thank you for the advice on my positive situation and happy 500.
A while back, I sent you a question about a fast food joint with an employee that wouldn't
take my family's order until we solved his riddles.
This led to you-
This led you to the website riddles.com, which then grew into the segment riddle me piss.
After listening to the episode, my family and I returned to the restaurant,
only to find the burrito riddler wasn't working there anymore.
In fact, we don't know where he went, or if he was real.
And to this day, what should I do if I see him out in the world,
continuing his chaotic work of refusing service to people until they solve his riddles?
And should I be prepared with a riddle myself, should we ever cross paths again?
It's the people who wrote in with the updates asking us for more advice.
Yes.
Like you, everybody only gets one.
Everybody gets one.
Oh, here's one.
In episode 102, you answered my question about how to cope with my then-boyfriend
going on a two-month trip to Scotland to do field work.
Justin had just gotten through Sydney's time abroad in Africa, so your response was,
as usual, a mix of heartfelt advice and hilarious goops.
In addition to suggesting eternal sunshining myself, you recommended my boyfriend bring
back three baubles from the trip, which then led to a bit that made your anti-juggler stance
part of the NBNBM canon.
Damn, that was a big one then.
Sorry, jugglers.
Instead of pulling an eternal sunshine, we Skyped a lot and tried to stay busy.
He did come back with three baubles from me.
No juggling.
And just a few months later, we got engaged.
As of today, we've been married for almost seven years, and we are expecting our second
child in April.
Holy shit.
Thank you for entertaining us through the years.
We love you, Rachel and Joshua.
That's big.
That's another kind of unforgettable moment is that time we did the show in...
That was Huntington.
Okay, but I'm thinking about the show that we did in Wisconsin, where we had two and
a half proposals.
Yeah, right, right, right, yeah.
Yeah, that was wild.
I'd say maybe even the half proposal was probably the weirdest part.
Yeah, that might be weird.
Yeah, this has been a lot of fun, and it's been fun doing this.
It's a shame we have to cancel the podcast.
I wish we could keep doing it, but...
I kept hoping that Jesse would call and say, I've changed my mind, but no, he's...
Just to say he's proud of us, that also would be cool.
Yeah, but our licenses run out.
Our children are just screaming at us.
They're just screaming and screaming.
Thank you so much for listening.
Thank you to you at home for everything you've done for us.
We really can't thank you enough.
The thing to me that I'm so thankful for you at home is everyone who has ever told
someone else that they should check out the podcast, we owe you a debt of gratitude that
can never be repaid.
Yeah, it's the reason we're here.
It's the reason we are here doing this still.
I used to be able to say we've never paid for advertising, but one of you two dipshits
did a Facebook campaign without talking to the other ones, and so now that's a lie.
Now we've got Zuckerberg fucking beating down our necks, and we're part of the corporate
machine.
But before that, word of mouth was the only way that we got around.
And it got around, we did.
And that's all thanks to y'all.
We're working on, it should be up soon in the merch store, a 500th episode challenge
coin that's like, if you're part of that 500 club, you'll be able to show it with
pride with the 500th coin.
And as self-indulgent as this has been in, what, a month and a half, we're going to
also be celebrating our 10-year anniversary, which is wild.
And also I tried to run the numbers on how many episodes we've missed if we don't
hit even 520.
Not a lot.
I guess not very many at all.
Not enough, not enough.
Yeah, we're going to take the next 30 episodes off.
Do you have a final yahoo this time?
Oh, I can pull one.
Wow.
Well, I just want to say, I also wanted to say thank you because it's weird.
I feel like there's a gun to my head because there's children screaming like, be grateful
faster.
Well, let's do all the other stuff, right?
Check out Maximumfun.org, our podcast home, John Roderick and the Longer Winters for
the use of our theme song, Putting the Days of the-
You never have to do this part, bud.
It's a departure, is the name of the title of the track.
Yeah, we're very grateful to be able to use that song.
Also, just sort of final review.
I never want to eat spaghetti before recording the podcast again.
It did not make me funnier.
It made my body sort of feel leaden and sagging.
What you've learned is that the magic was in you all along.
Yeah.
You didn't need the magic spaghetti, or at least it was.
I mean, was.
He used up the magic.
Or it's possible, yeah, 10 years ago, it's just my body wasn't just a big duffel bag
full of socks like it is now.
Also, a big thank you to all of our family, the ones who joined us on the episode today.
Hello, I'm all of a family.
I've been making this show happen for over 10 years.
That's our producer.
He's usually on my consider yourself my dad.
You all have you all have changed our lives.
This feels too like I don't know.
It doesn't even cover it.
Yeah, but it doesn't feel like it like created our the lives that we live now is because
of the support you all have given us.
And yeah, I don't know what my life would even look like without this show.
And you boys, I love you both so much.
I'm so glad I get to do this show with you guys every week.
It is it is amazing.
Now every week on this show, as you know, at this point, Griffin gives us a Yahoo!
And we come back next week and talk about it.
Talk about our thoughts.
Yeah.
Griffin, what do you got for us?
Well, Chad sent this one and thanks, Chad.
It's Yahoo!
Answers user, Tim.
I think everybody who sends in Yahoo!'s.
Yeah, everybody.
It's a fucking minefield out there.
It's a slog.
Yeah, it's a psychic minefield and you all are.
We have faced so many troubling concepts.
Yeah, I can't imagine the other ones who didn't make it on the show.
That's just the cream that rose to the top.
But below that cream is a bunch of sewage.
Anyway, just a lot of botulism.
Right.
OK, anyway, thank you, Chad.
Tim asks.
Is it bad to eat a burger for breakfast just once?
My name is Justin Mackerel.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Bye.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Audience-supported.
