The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hi everybody, it's the Sick Boys.
It's all the sick, well it's two of the sick boys, and there's sick women also,
sick women and children, and everyone's sick and it's a nightmare.
Now, to be fair, I am not sick.
Oh, how's that?
Well, let me take that back. I would say I'm not physically ill,
but in many ways, mentally, spiritually.
Yeah, I've said that about you for a long time, is that your spirit itself is sick,
like you're religiously sick.
Yeah, for like seven-
Travis, I've got great news.
For like seven nights in a row, BB has been up from like 1 to 4 or 30 in the morning.
Yeah, thank you all for waiting on this episode.
It's been the case for all of us for like the better part of a week now,
and it is tough to put together some laughs for you.
But here we are, and we wanted to put out something this week,
and so we have a live show for you, but little do you know,
or maybe you do, depending on what I make the episode description,
it's actually two live shows in one.
I have combined some of the best bits from our two back-to-back Chicago shows that we did last year
into one super episode.
And Trav, I don't know how much you remember about the Chicago shows,
but there's some fucking jammers up in there.
Oh, okay. I'm excited to forget to listen to it.
People are finally going to get to know why some of the Bim Bam fans
who were in attendance that night are constantly talking about seven parrots,
because this is when that sort of comes to a head.
It's a fun episode, and we apologize for, you know,
we like giving you a heads up that a live episode's coming out,
but obviously that wasn't possible this week.
But yeah, it's two live shows in one.
I cut like a ton of stuff out of both of them
just to put together one super episode.
So here's that, and we'll talk to you when we get to the Money Zone.
Hello, everybody, and welcome, my brother, my brother-in-law,
and welcome to my show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
Please, Auguste, save some for later.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm your sweet baby brother
in 30 Under 30 Media Luminary, Griffin McElroy.
We...
We are dying.
Well, technically, we all are for the moment.
Have a fun show, everybody!
Or I'm gonna start dying.
We...
...eated the deep dish.
We have tasted...
We have tasted...
...your tall pizza.
We have, as have so many tourists,
fallen into the pizza trap that you have lured for them.
Oh, no, you ate the deep dish.
Oh, no, you're not supposed to eat the deep dish, obviously.
This savory cake you call deep pizza.
This savory cake you call deep pizza.
You guys are probably tired of hearing about your pizza,
but I'm tired of feeling your pizza in me.
We're having fun, but...
I feel like I was hit by a garbage truck.
Here's the thing, it's delicious.
It's a delicious garbage truck.
It's delicious, but I feel like I was hit by a garbage truck
and that some of it got into me.
And that's not a knock on that,
it's a knock on our garbage bodies.
We haven't yet had that Van Morrison,
like, well, Van partied too hard.
He's going to need someone to walk him off stage tonight.
There's no more con.
He's going to do four songs and go home.
But we were like perilously close backstage having a conversation.
Justin was doing his TaeKwonDo,
getting all of us sort of psyched out of our minds.
I was doing it in a room alone,
and then people entered while I was doing TaeKwonDo.
And that seems to me like it should be treated
like someone using the bathroom.
It should be, if you see me-
The noises you made were sort of synonymous.
It's called a key up and it's a part of the formation.
It's powerful.
I don't want to forget that there's a key up with that spear hand.
So it's just part of the formation.
Yeah, I agree.
I'm not doing it right if I'm not doing the key ups.
I guess, 100%.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you all so much for coming.
No, he's not going to do it now.
It's not a performance.
He just compared it to using the bathroom.
You perverts.
Yeah, you-
Take a dump on stage.
We're saving that for Milwaukee.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because they nasty.
They nasty in Milwaukee.
What an honor it is to be here with you all tonight.
I'm so excited.
Yeah.
We might actually try tonight.
Tonight, before we've always phoned it in for the 50 plus shows we've done before this.
But tonight, we're bringing it for your beautiful, wonderful city that has made us feel so well.
You know what?
Tonight, we horny for this one.
Yeah.
God, we can say all we want, but I still feel like I'm going to die.
Like, we're trying to talk ourselves into not dying, but it's just not going to happen.
If the burp police were here tonight, backstage, we would have been sentenced to life.
I actually feel great.
Great.
Open up.
It's the fart BI.
How do you all, are you all just sort of accustomed?
Have your bodies become inoculated to the tall pizza?
Is that what it is?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Guys, should we get going?
Yeah.
So, this is like, it's an advice show, as you've certainly gleaned by this point.
Kind of a do as we don't sort of situation.
Don't eat at the pizza.
Don't eat of your pizza.
Unless you've got natural, I'm assuming you've developed some sort of digestive toxin.
Or perhaps like a separate stomach chamber that allows you to regurgitate.
We didn't turn the tall pizza into could the right way.
But, so we take your questions and turn them out and be like into wisdom.
That's the bit.
You know what?
Let's all take a nap.
Just a tight 20.
Okay.
I'm gonna turn it around right now.
Are you ready to turn it around with us through your energy and power?
It's too much.
Help.
I'm too amped.
All right.
We don't normally do this, but you want to start with the Yahoo?
I do want to start with the Yahoo.
If you've never listened to our show before, we take questions and turn them alchemy-like
into wisdom.
And Griffin has extracted some questions from the Yahoo answer service.
I have a team of people who extract it for me.
I would never put on the suit required to go into the fucking upside down
and tangle with these fucking monsters.
Uh, this one was sent in by the delivery man, Seth Carlson.
Thank you, Seth.
It's from Yahoo answers user Kaylee, who asks, what would happen if I shoot a Ouija board?
I've been playing with that thing and now I want to get rid of it.
What would happen if I shoot it multiple times with a real shotgun?
First off, does this guy not know of other ways to get rid of things?
Yeah.
It's just like, that was a delicious Coke Zero.
Oh, I got all my, would you do the Ouija board like, or is this sitting on the ground?
I think if you think it has a demonic presence inside of it, you, there's no, you don't want
to risk it.
Right.
This ain't no game.
I'm going to shoot this Ouija board on the ground.
Thank you.
I'm going to execute this Ouija board.
This person thinks that the Ouija board would, would kill me.
Sure, this person thinks that the Ouija board would withstand multiple direct shotgun blasts.
Yeah.
Like they think it is imbued with some sort of dark energy.
No, no, no.
They've never fired a shotgun before, in which case this could also be very hilarious.
Oh yeah.
One way or the other, film this.
Yeah, please put it on video.
We do.
Cause you might release a demon or you might like lift yourself off the ground and go flying
back cause you're six inches from a sidewalk firing a shotgun.
It's going to go bad.
I feel like Jumanji 2.
Not the one that's already coming out, but a new one.
That's really just an edit of the first one.
Right.
Where they, where one kid gets sucked into the game for 30 years, which is a huge bummer
if you really.
Yeah.
How's your kid's movie?
It's bad.
But then the, one of the other kids is like, well, fuck this.
Yeah.
Just blows it all.
Do you guys remember?
Or David, David Allen Greer, like a rhino rams his car and he's like, I'm going to find
that fucking game.
Why didn't they just like shoot it?
The first animal comes through.
You shoot the board, you shoot.
Or the animal.
Everybody was very like.
You can't do that.
They're endangered.
Oh, cause they're, there's not enough fantasy animals out there.
And that's why we called you all here today.
Hey, why didn't we use the Jumanji board to generate more endangered animals?
We could fix the whole thing.
Just like, oh, we're almost out of tigers.
No, we're not Robin.
Go ahead.
Let them out.
There it is.
Tigers, tigers everywhere.
Yeah.
Do you guys remember?
There was a cartoon version of Jumanji.
No.
Right.
There's a cartoon series and it was set not of the whimsical board game playing part,
but of.
It wasn't whimsical, Travis.
People died.
But you know the part where little kid Robin Williams and we're the picture like a 10 year
old in the jungle for by himself for 30 years is the world moves on without him and he becomes
the animals he's afraid of.
That's what the cartoon is.
How fun to like bury his shit.
My parents just died.
That monkey just pooped.
It's a cartoon.
I don't know how electronics work.
How fun.
I just fought a wombat for the right to eat my own scat.
Enjoy kids.
To be fair, they also made a cartoon out of Beetlejuice where Beetlejuice is like a lovable
rascal.
Uh, he was a lovable rascal.
Robin, that movie's unbelievable.
Jumanji, the only thing that is unbelievable about it that keeps it from being like a documentary.
The only thing.
The only thing that when Robin Williams comes out, he just doesn't instantly snap that fucking
board over his face.
And flush it down the toilet.
Flush it down the toilet.
The first, like there should be 10 minutes of that movie where Robin Williams is peeing
on the Jumanji board.
Yeah.
Fuck this.
Fuck this.
I recently bought a pair of designer Heelys.
Show over.
End of question.
I recently bought a pair of designer Heelys because a teen told me they were cool.
That is such a bad, that's such a bad like life strategy.
Such a bad reason to do anything.
Yeah.
Uh, how do I learn to Heely without anybody seeing me fall down or stumble or get hurt?
Heely without anybody seeing me fall down or stumble or otherwise make a fool of myself.
I have a roommate, so practicing at home is out of the question.
I'm assuming, I'm assuming your roommate's a shut-in.
That's fine.
Uh, I also live in a big city.
We know.
We're here too.
Remember?
We're all gonna be here in Chicago.
It's pretty big.
A lot of beautiful architecture too.
Oh, so lovely.
The art deco.
Lovely.
I can't stop talking about these gothic touches.
I'm 37.
So unless I'm practicing at 3 a.m. on weekdays, someone could see my shame.
Also, it'd be dark and I'd probably fall.
Please help me out so that I can be my best, raddest self.
That's from Hesitant Heel Head from Chicago.
Are you here?
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Hold on.
All right, I need complete silence.
I'm gonna ask again.
Are you here?
Okay.
Okay, I heard a what?
I heard a what?
So, okay, thank you.
Yes, you are here.
Excellent.
When you led out to this, how-
You don't have to answer this because I'm gonna answer it myself because I saw the joke work.
Please don't because you don't have a microphone and we do.
When you're having this conversation with said teen,
did you lead off by going,
hey, what's cool?
And the teen was like,
designer Heelys and you're like, got it.
Like ran out the door.
Designer Heelys.
Is there a postscript on the email that's like,
I'm gonna, okay, I'm just gonna try it.
My kneecaps, my kneecaps, they're gone.
My legs are melting.
They're just gone.
My legs are coming off at the seams.
Legs have seams.
I've unraveled.
I've unraveled like a flesh mummy.
I firmly believe that-
I'm 37 years old now, I mentioned.
Jesus.
I know.
That's basically 40.
All right, all right, all right, all right.
Youngins.
Yeah.
Okay, all right.
So anyway, where was I?
Before I started-
Oh, are you starting to forget what you were talking about?
Oh no.
Oh, before we decided to have a nice long ponder at my open grave.
I'm 37 years old now and I've learned a lot in those 37 years.
And one of the things that I have sort of become the most clear to me is that what matters in
life is not the accumulation of wealth or stuff or prestige, but the important thing
and the thing that you can really do for the world is what can you give to the people that
you encounter?
How can your life be a service to them?
Because in the end, that's the only thing that matters.
So I guess what I'm saying is, if I saw an adult fall the first time they ever used Healy's,
it would be the greatest gift you could give me sort of personally in my day-to-day life.
You would have to announce, this is my first time.
First time.
Hey everybody, gather around.
I've decided to try Healy's today.
Today.
Now for you.
I'm pretty nervous about it.
I'm three days away from retirement.
Right.
If you would do that, that would be such a gift.
What an amazing thing that would be sort of a facet in the jewel that is my life.
One of the biggest facets would be that time I saw a grown adult try Healy's for the first
time and beef it.
Beef it so hard.
Because the other option is that they say, I'm going to try Healy's for the first time,
and it's glorious.
And you're just like, a butterfly.
They've done it.
They've finally become what they were always meant to be.
I'm sorry, what?
What's everyone yelling?
You're wearing them.
You're wearing them.
Excuse me, he's wearing them.
Excuse me, I'm going to need house lights and I'm going to need you to come to center
aisle now.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Serious question.
Come on over here to the center aisle.
Is this your first time?
Because I'm actually kind of mixed on it.
That's hysterical.
But also, are we insured?
How does that even work?
Listen.
Paul, can you give me a thumbs up or thumbs down?
On encouraging an audience member to Healy's.
Yeah, it's an iffy.
Okay, iffy.
I'll take that.
They're going to be fine though.
All right.
Whatever you do, don't Healy.
Wink.
Don't say wink.
There's a being in the recording.
Don't say wink.
We'll just wait.
Now, come down to one more aisle over, please.
Center.
Center stage.
Oh, you're going to go around.
You haven't been drinking, have you?
Because, okay.
Can you?
All right.
And I need everybody to be quiet.
Okay, we're going to count down.
Can you yell your name, please?
Sam.
Sam.
Sam.
Sam.
Sam.
And what would you like on your theme song?
Here we go.
Wait, Sam, wait.
What are you putting on?
Just in case.
No, I'm just going to film.
Oh, I thought you were going to put on some Healy music.
No, okay.
Just going to put on the theme song to Yuri on Ice as you glide effortlessly down the...
All right.
Okay, and I'm ready.
Go ahead, Sam.
Healy on down to us.
Please be careful.
Please be careful.
All right.
You're doing it.
All right, dab, dab.
We got to dab.
Keep going.
Okay, and we'll stop right here.
We'll stop right here.
We'll stop right here.
Perfect.
Perfect.
Okay.
Thank you.
Sam, everybody.
And a special thanks to the security guard who stopped Sam from Healying too close to the stage.
Sam, you now owe this man a life debt.
Okay, thank you, Sam.
Thank you, Sam.
That was excellent.
You did so good.
And now you're great at Healying.
We fixed one.
Oh, how exciting.
How about a Yahoo from the Yahoo Answer Service?
This one was sent in by Level 9000.
Yeah, Drew Drew, Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's from an anonymous Yahoo Answers user, but we'll call them Bill-a-me.
Bill-a-me asks,
Cat won't come out of hiding after I got a vape pin?
So today we actually thought our cat ran away because we couldn't find him,
and he doesn't usually hide like that.
I also got a new vape yesterday, and I wonder if this was the problem.
Help!
Jeremy, Jeremy, I'm not going to watch you do this to yourself.
I care too much about you, Jeremy, to be a part of this.
Jeremy, the science is inconclusive.
I'll be under the couch.
If you'll excuse me, I have to lick my asshole.
Which is much like vaping, if you think about it.
Don't get me wrong.
It looks radical.
It looks so cool.
Sick as shit.
But I care about you, Jeremy.
Do you think that the cat was wondering like,
could you do that the whole time?
And you're just now?
Are you a wizard?
Are you a weather wizard?
You make clouds?
If I could blow cotton like that, I would be doing it 24 hours in the cod.
If cats could vape,
if cats could vape,
you know they would be blowing cotton in your face 24 hours a day, right?
You would wake up in like fucking London fog and it's like, what is this?
Oh, that's right.
My cat is fucking ripping some blueberry dream right into my eyeballs.
Garfield would be fucking lighting John.
You wouldn't see normal.
There is probably not a Garfield strip that couldn't be accurately concluded with Garfield
just, well, Garfield had a real rough day at the honest.
And Garfield thinks, tell me about it, John.
And John's like, ask the girl on date.
She said, no.
Every Garfield strip has just two.
Just make sure two more frames like a pendant on of those.
That's frame four.
Frame five.
You're such a fucking idiot, John.
Jack Garfield would blow it right in John's face.
Yeah, definitely.
It's just a big cloud around John.
Around John.
Then the last strip is secondhand vape.
Like, it's killed John.
It's inconclusive.
We don't know yet.
The science is out on that one right now.
Jim Davis definitely vapes, though.
Do they make lasagna flavored vape?
Oh, he would love that.
He would love it.
But you know when he wouldn't vape?
Mondays.
Are you kidding me?
No, I think he would vape extra hard on Mondays.
He would especially vape double on Mondays.
It's the only thing getting him through.
Yeah, ripping that Monday cotton.
How about Yahoo?
Yeah, please.
Please.
I don't want to oversell it.
It might be the best Yahoo of all time.
Well, at least you didn't oversell it.
It was sent in by Ben Schultz.
Thank you, Ben.
It's Yahoo Answers user, Dean, who asked.
Really?
No, it's great.
But I can't do the voice because I don't want to do anything to sully this beautiful-
You could do your sully impression.
Perfect.
I'm a pilot.
Yeah, what's up with that?
Finally, someone put that guy on blast.
Oh, I saved a bunch of people.
What's his rap light with ducks?
Probably not great.
You ever think about that?
Probably not good.
No, he steered a plane into ducks.
He's a monster.
Anyway-
Yeah, fuck sully.
I'm sorry.
Is he here tonight, actually?
We're just having fun, sir.
Thank you for your service.
The best Yahoo of all time.
Dean asks, if I legally bought the Mona Lisa, would anyone be able to stop me from eating it?
Once in a generation, a Yahoo comes along that I don't even know how to joke about because,
I don't know.
It's like Ben came down from a mountain and handed this to me on a tablet.
So, could they?
Could they?
I mean, it's your painting.
Yeah, Indiana Jones is not going to kick in the door to your apartment and be like,
it belongs in a museum.
It does look good.
I get it.
It does look good.
Belongs in a museum.
It belongs in here, indeed.
What if that's how Last Crusade ended?
It's like, you have chosen wisely.
Thank you.
Yeah, you look like Willy Wonka to take a bite out of it.
Now, you could eat a little.
This is an example.
Picture the Mona Lisa, right?
Yeah.
That bottom inch could go.
It could go.
You could eat the bottom inch.
No one would know.
It's not as big as you think it is.
So, like, have a side.
There are bigger paintings you could eat.
Okay.
Nighthawks is a big one.
You could eat a lot of Nighthawks.
Jackson Pollock has some.
Could you eat?
Okay, Travis.
If you're going to eat the Mona Lisa, would you start with the face?
No, background.
I'd start with the background.
You can eat that.
Here's what you do.
You photocopy it.
Okay.
Then you eat the background.
Then you just put it over the photocopy.
Yeah, this is literally a Mr. Bean movie you've described.
Oh, no.
I can think a few Power Plays better than getting the Mona Lisa,
making a perfect copy of the Mona Lisa, eating the original, and giving it back.
And say, like, I changed my mind, and I want you all to have it.
All right.
And then when you see people enjoying it in a museum, you're like,
oh, yeah, it's the real one.
And you just rub your tummy.
You rub your tummy.
Do you think that this person would start getting kicked out of the art
auctions because they're just like, 100 million and $1.
That's a knife and fork in there.
They've got a napkin, and it's part of the Mona Lisa.
And they just tore up a Monet to do a little...
That is good because I don't know that anyone, like, when they've died,
have been able to donate their body to a museum before.
I want to donate the Mona Lisa to you.
It's in there.
It's in there, trust me.
Even if you wanted to eat the Mona Lisa,
I suspect that you would probably get about a third of the way through it for like, ugh.
Like, it's not going to be good.
And you don't want to sully that experience with ketchup.
Yeah.
Right?
You know what most people don't know? It's very deep.
Yeah, raised sides and everything.
I read the best news story ever the other day.
And it was from some museum.
They realized they had a Van Gogh piece from his, like,
Olive Fields collection that he did.
And what they discovered is that there was a grasshopper in the paint...
Kansas City, what's up?
Represent at a Kansas City museum.
There was a grasshopper just in the painting.
And I love that so much because Van Gogh must have just been like...
Got you!
Got you, you bastard!
Yeah.
And he still, like, sold it or whatever.
Just like, yeah, you're gonna love it.
Here it is.
It's so realistic.
Here it is.
Grasshopper free.
This painting's called something different.
Oh, you're not going with the same Olive Fields naming commission?
No, this one's called Trapped Idiot.
Take that, fucker.
It's called Take That, Fucker.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Now, Griffin...
It looks delicious.
Was it called Olive Fields?
Or are you just very carefully not calling it his Olive Garden period?
Yeah, that's not...
What I said was wrong.
Thank you for bringing it up, Travis.
You could do a tortilla.
You could do a Mona Lisa with beef and cheese.
That's probably the most appealing way of eating it.
And that's good because you could probably get a couple out of that.
Don't eat the Mona Lisa by yourself.
There's only one to eat.
You should share it with everybody.
Is Jackson Pollock still with us?
Because if he is, you give that dude some fucking Subway squeeze bottles of
nacho cheese and guacamole.
He's a sandwich artist.
Whoa, you could eat the Mona Lisa and a Jackson Pollock at the same time.
That's amazing.
Now, I think the perfect crime...
Why wouldn't it be more valuable?
That's just double art.
No, Jackson Pollock painted another painting over that painting.
It's like double art at that point.
Hey, I heard you like paintings.
Yeah, I think if you're going to eat the Mona Lisa...
And I am.
Yeah, we have a sandwich.
You then have to claim it's stolen because they're never going to find it.
And I guarantee it would take the world's greatest detective to suspect.
I bet he ate it.
I thought you were going to say the world's greatest art restorer who would look at your...
Give me a couple days.
Well, this is it.
My last job.
I thought I was out.
Give me that, Jimmy.
I thought it was out.
Let's do this.
I think I see the nose.
I'm going in.
It's impossible.
Not for me.
Not for me, a patient pervert.
What if Dr. Alan Grant had been digging in that big pile of dinosaur poop in Jurassic Park
and he's been like, reach?
Oh, God, the Mona Lisa.
I'm sorry.
Here is another question that I have for you, my brothers, on the iPad.
That same one that I use for Munch Squad.
And you might think, does he have difficulty getting back to the original
app with the questions list on it?
Does he ever have to vamp to cover it?
And the answer is no.
My fiance and I are...
No, what?
Okay.
You sure?
Yeah.
Which one?
No, do it because you already started it.
Well, no, I don't have...
Okay.
Hey, everybody.
Give us a second.
Give us a second.
My fiance and I are getting married on 420.
Yeah!
The debate was whether or not Griffin had earned this question.
I've been real good.
My fiance and I are getting married on 420.
Yeah!
All right.
Whee day!
Woo!
My fiance...
Yeah!
My fiance and I are getting married on April 20th.
But there's a problem.
We don't partake in...
It says here, magic cigarettes.
How can we embrace this dankest of days by inserting subtle nods to that...
Dope herb and help our guests ride high on the magic dragon?
You've ruined 420.
P.S. It says, I had to look up most of these euphemisms.
I never would have guessed.
It was so organic.
That's from going green for our wedding in Chicago.
Are you here?
Okay.
All right.
That's eight people.
Okay.
I just need one person to answer and I need...
I need them to say, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I need them to say, I am here.
Okay.
Perfect.
All right.
That was a really good Seussical kind of moment.
That was very nice.
What I need you to do for me is to yell out another name for marijuana that you know.
The first...
Quiet.
Go.
Weed.
Weed.
Yeah, that actually works.
You're a narc!
Get out of here!
Get this narc out of here.
Okay.
Here's my question and you don't have to answer because we'll make jokes about it
one way or the other.
Did you accidentally plan your wedding for 420 or did like...
Was it like, well, it's not weed, but maybe it is weed and like you stole it from somebody
because that's the thing.
There's probably somebody who's like, oh, I really want that venue for 420 because I love weed.
You're keeping that venue from someone that was going to go hard on a weed wedding.
Yeah.
It was going to be like weed themed.
I'm sorry.
Was it your anniversary?
Nice.
Are you sure this is not a very important day for you?
Because that's the thing.
You will have to spend like the rest of your lives together married.
Like when people are like, when are you marrying?
You'll say 420 and even like the most boring...
No, no, no.
Stop.
Stop.
You won't say 420.
Okay.
That would be a wild response to what he's married.
But even the most boring government employee will be like...
And you'll have to say like, no.
I think that even if you do not partake and you shouldn't feel pressured to, one of the...
Is it legal here, by the way?
We need to start finding that out before we go to...
No.
No.
Then it's not okay.
Paul.
And I am against it.
Paul, burn it.
Paul, start flushing.
Flush it.
Toilet time, Paul.
Flush it.
I know we had established that if I yelled that you toilet time from the stage,
it meant one thing, but it means something different.
It's like double entendre.
Even if you don't partake and you shouldn't feel pressured to,
one of the...
There are two great things about your wedding.
And one is that it's a special day you'll remember for the rest of your life.
It's a beautiful moment where two souls become one.
And there's cool tax stuff that happens.
But the best next thing is that you get to remember
which of your friends got too fucked up at your wedding forever.
It's a wonderful gift.
Because I've got it.
I've got that list in my mind right now.
And they know, and we know, and everybody knows.
I feel like at a 420 wedding, it's just like you're gonna have a whole...
A whole table of people who just disappear for a while in the corner
and watch fucking Happy Gilmore on one of their phones.
And it's like, yeah, having a good time, guys?
Well, Jim, if you think about it, it's way better.
Wouldn't you rather have that than you got too drunk and you got in a fight?
Like, I'd much rather have, like, no, there was no leftover cake because of Bob.
That's a way better experience to have.
Yeah, it turned out we didn't have to take any leftovers home.
Probably the best thing you can do is don't go hard on the weed stuff.
But do tell the person officiating the wedding that you are gonna go hard on the weed stuff.
Because I want them to have a lot of, like, just like the buds emerge from the plant.
As the seeds combine to make one...
I've written here raunchy joint.
I don't know what that is.
So shall your love be dank.
Your love, too, should be dank.
I hope, yeah, so if the...
Be kind to one another.
If you know what I mean.
Be like we...
Oh, that's good, too.
You can put, like, BYOB and BYOW with, like, a question mark.
And, like, if they're cool, they'll know.
Yeah, that's a really indecipherable code there, Dan Brown.
I feel like you should, instead of the usual entrance music, the, you know, the...
Fuck.
Nope, that's the graduation one.
Uh-oh.
Do you mean the wedding march?
Yeah.
Anyway.
420.
I feel like you should make your entrance music police sirens.
But quiet.
So good.
So good.
Okay, wait.
Continue on.
Your dessert table?
Brownies.
But regular.
But don't say that.
Hey, how about a Yahoo?
I'd love that, Griffin.
Thank you so much.
Uh, this one was sent in by Level 9000.
YaDruDru at Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's an anonymous user, so I'm gonna call him YaDru.
YaDru answers user Jerry, because there's an ad at the top of the screen with a guy
named Jerry on it.
Thank you.
Not Jerry Seinfeld.
The other one.
Jerry asks, stiller.
Jerry asks, soldiers in the Troy horse.
I have been wondering.
It's called a thing.
Like, it's not called the Troy horse.
Yeah, the Trojan horse.
It has a name.
Anyway, I have been wondering, what if the soldiers in the Troy horse needed the washroom?
This sounds like a pretty ridiculous question, but I am really curious about this.
You could read that in a really kind of gross, like, I am
really curious about this.
They were hiding inside of the wooden horse for a whole day.
Did they pee and drink and eat inside?
Love, Jerry Stiller.
Do you think, like, they all got in the horse, and they're like, okay, so now we gotta be here.
Oh, man.
Oh, no.
Everybody used the bathroom before.
Nobody used the bathroom before?
I told, I said, but I didn't have to go then.
Front left leg is the toilet.
That's the first thing we're deciding.
Front left leg is where everybody goes to the toilet.
We're putting the foosball table in the rear right leg.
So front left is the toilet.
So front left is the toilet.
And then the Troy horse, which is now what I'm going to call it, rolls up.
It was wood.
You know it wasn't Ziploc fresh, keeping all that.
No way.
No way.
Can we let this big, stinky ass horse in?
This horse stinks like piss.
And also, I hear voices murmuring inside talking about, like, oh, no.
Dylan used the front right leg.
That was the sandwich leg.
That's the sandwich leg.
Good going, Dylan.
You butthole.
Oh, no.
They hear us.
Stab, stab, stab, stab.
Could you make, speaking of buttholes, could you give the horse a butthole?
That's a working out house.
It's a modern model.
I have a great horse for you.
Check it out.
It really poops.
Whoa.
Get that thing in here.
Well, I mean, even without the real shit tech, why did they see this big horse room?
Like, fuck, yeah.
I've got to have that big horse.
How often do you get the chance?
It's like, listen, I know we have nowhere to put it.
But how often do you see a giant horse?
I know.
If you got beat in that fight, you know, between the two people is between?
If you got beat in the-
Probably one of them, Troy.
Probably some, like, Troy or the Trojans or whatever.
If you got beat by the dudes in the horse, you got beat by, like, 100 guys
that had been awake for 24 hours and shitting in a wooden horse's leg
and marinating in their friend Jerry's farts.
And then they got out and beat you in a sword fight?
You were alerted to their presence, like, creak.
Yeah.
Oh, god.
The fucking hatch on that open and just, like, the 100 of the most exhausted human beings.
Just, like, 100 David Blaine post stunts should be, like, barely dragging their way out.
Now, do you, speaking of the Troy hearse, do you think the cat who made it got to a point
where he was, like, I could make this better, but it's a trick?
I could make this look more like a horse, but it's just-
How good does it gotta be before it's just a giant wood horse?
Yeah.
Speaking of this, building on this, if you had the people and the resources to do this,
do you think that that guy maybe suggested, like, do you maybe want me to make you some weapons?
I could just build you a ladder.
I could build you a ladder.
Just a big ladder.
A cool staircase that you could use.
You could shit wherever you like, up in the dark.
You go up with a ladder.
I could spend the next month making you wooden guns.
What do you want?
What do you want?
Are you sure you want to do this?
No, no, trust me.
No, no, no.
A horse.
A toilet horse.
I need, I need this.
This is important to me.
That is the thing that, like, the Troy horse is always referenced as, like, amazing, like,
strategy.
The people who let it in were just shitty at that.
It wasn't a good plan.
Yeah, that should be- that's because it was the first trap ever.
It was the first ever trick.
No one had ever tricked anybody before.
Because, like, we didn't have the term Trojan horse.
Yeah.
So it's like-
That's a big, good horse.
They'd always wondered why it was called that.
And then they're like, oh, okay, I get it.
Because of this.
Because of this with the trick with the guys who smelled like farts.
Trap, I want to tell you all about- oh, hey, welcome to Money Zone.
Trap, I want to tell you about movement watches.
Okay.
It's MVMT, but it's pronounced movement because it's hip and it's now and it's fashionable.
And they couldn't afford vowels.
The vowels are expensive.
It's 2018.
In 2019, it's probably just going to be MVT.
I always wanted to see that on Wheel of Fortune when they're like, can I buy a vowel?
And it's like, you can just have a vowel.
Letters are free.
Letters are free.
Bust up the big banks.
This is the call to arms.
Anyway, I have a movement watch.
I actually have a couple of them and they are so choice, so fashion forward.
Love the way they look on my wrist.
They got a nice, big, sort of proud, noble face on them that I get a lot of compliments
on every time I wear my movement watch.
I love it.
And they start at just 95 bucks.
And at a department store, you're looking at like 400 or 500 bucks to get a nice watch.
But movement watches comes in so much under that.
And by selling online, movement cuts out the middleman and retail markup and it provides
you with the best possible price.
They got over 1 million watches sold in over 160 countries.
That's 160 million.
No, I don't know if that that's not what that means.
Anyway, you can get 15% off today and get free shipping and with free returns by going
to movement.com slash brother.
My brain.
Yeah, I wasn't going to say anything.
That's MVMT.com slash brother.
It hurts to make thoughts, but the watch has a really clean design.
It's seriously I've been getting compliments on it.
And this is the best time to step up your watch game.
This is the best time to step up your watch game.
And you know what time it is because of the watch you'll know.
Yeah, we got it.
Yeah.
OK, I also want to tell you all about MVMT.com slash brother and join the movement.
Now break up the big banks.
OK, so we've talked a lot about me on these in the past and I realized that we did we.
Yes, it's a new year.
Listen, it's a new year.
And a lot of people when they think new year, they think new you.
And they're like going through this laundry list of like, I'm going to do this for myself
this year.
Let me tell you something.
You might not think about it, but I can't even begin to tell you the importance of investing
in some new underpinnings for yourself.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, for your pizzeria.
Well, because you got to think about it like it's like the foundation of your whole look,
your whole external presentation of your outfit.
You know, it's good.
It feels good to put on fresh underpants.
Got to bag it up.
Got to bag it up.
And listen, me on these is three times softer than cotton because it comes from sustainably
sourced.
Fuck cotton though.
Fuck it.
OK.
Man, why?
And with a subscription plan, you get new on these are socks delivered to your door
and it's easy to switch memberships, cancel.
What if I don't have what if I don't have a door because I live on a big boat?
Oh, my goodness.
It'll get delivered to your boat by underwear dolphins.
Duh.
Come on, Griffin.
Read a book.
What a butthole.
So right now, me on these has an exclusive offer just for our listeners until January
20th.
You get 20 percent off your membership and free shipping.
That's 20 percent off an already discounted membership.
And me on these is so sure you will love their underpants.
They will even offer 100 percent satisfaction guarantee.
If you don't love your first pair, get 100 percent refund.
So become a member today and start enjoying all the perks of having a me on these membership
and start wearing great underwear.
So go to me on these dot com slash my brother, that's me on these dot com slash my brother
and bag it up.
Good luck finding my boat, dolphins.
OK.
It's a it's a stealth boat.
I want to tell you one more.
I want to tell you about Bull and Branch.
Listen.
Well, they they've said here the copy.
You'll go to bed 365 times a year.
That is probably statistically true, but I know I got some fellow insomniacs out there
who that might not be inherently true.
Yeah, our party animals like me.
OK, you will go to bed at least once this year.
And when you do, you sleep for 41 days.
You will get ready for the rest of the party.
You deserve to have your best night's sleep every night that you sleep on a brand new
set of Bull and Branch sheets dedicated to making the most comfortable sheets in the
world.
And I can vouch for that.
We have a couple sets of Bull and Branch sheets now and I got their Bull and Branch bath sheets.
There's like a bath towel, but much larger and able to like wrap around my entire body
It's so great.
It's real nice.
As you know, three U.S. presidents are sleeping better than ever on Bull and Branch and I
hope it's the good ones.
I say it's the good ones.
The alternate reality ones.
Try them yourself.
Risk free.
Wow.
Getting political on this one episode.
Then try them yourself.
Risk free for a month.
Right now you get 20 bucks.
50.
Holy shit.
That's even better.
Fifty dollars.
Wow, Trav.
Fifty dollars off plus free shipping at BullandBranch.com.
Promo code my brother, BullandBranch.com, spelled B-O-L-L and Branch.com.
Promo code my brother.
Got a couple Jumbotrons here.
This one is for Katie and Dave and it's from Rodney who says, hold on.
Zoom in the font.
It's again, just the eyes.
The eyes are sick also.
Hi, Katie.
Happy birthday.
Maybe.
Thank you for putting these three dorks into my life.
Thanks so much for being a good, good friend for these like five or six years.
I can't wait for the message you send after you hear this.
Thank you, Dave, for bringing the three of us together.
Thanks, Trashcan.
I love you all.
Since there is room, Teenage Mutant Ninja.
No, read it.
Tootin' Mean-Age Needle-Teedles.
That's what it says.
I like that.
That's not my brain doing a bad job of it.
Yeah, nothing else to say about that one except Tootin' Mean-Age Needle-Teedles.
Tootin' Mean-Age Needle-Teedles.
Tootin' Paddle.
This next one is for Jamie and Brandon.
It's from Tommy.
Jamie, if you hear this, you are morally, if not legally obligated to watch the Entourage movie.
Oh, no.
I'm so-
Listen, Jamie-
That checks out.
Legally, law, it works.
It's true.
Jamie, I'm sorry about that.
But watch it, understanding that the Entourage movie is unstuck in time.
Yeah.
You can read all about it on the internet.
Brandon, play this for Jamie and record his reaction, and I'll give you back your copy of Gex.
Damn.
You're both great friends, but these are my terms.
Forgive the Good Brothers, for they know not the hell they have wrought.
I am mad with power and growing stronger.
All right.
Okay, cool.
Good use of Jumbotron.
Sort of a demon, maybe.
Okay.
Some sort of demon with a captive Gex situation.
Before we hop back into the episode, I wanted to plug just a couple things.
One, and this is-
Can I lie down?
Yeah.
This is super timely, because you only have a couple days on this one.
But me and Teresa are going to be at San Francisco Sketch Fest, Sunday the 14th, doing a Schmanners at 1pm Pacific time.
And you can still get tickets to that.
Go to sfsketchfest.com.
I will also be doing the Worst First Chapter show and the Fake Ted Talk show Friday and Saturday night.
So you can come see those as well.
But go get those tickets at sfsketchfest.com.
Also going to be doing the JoCo Cruise, which you can find out all the information about that at JOCocruise.com.
I just did an episode of Good Christian Fun.
You did a great job on that.
Thank you.
It was super wonderful.
I'm now listening to every episode.
I'm a big fan, and everybody should check it out.
I also just did a video with Gabbie Dunn on Gabbie's YouTube channel.
I also just did an episode of Can I Pet Your Dog that just came out.
And I think coming out later this week is an episode of Bunker Buddies.
I was very busy this week.
Yeah, I'll say.
All right, that's it.
Enjoy the rest of the episode.
Thanks, Max Fun, for having us on the network.
And thank you, John Roderick and the Long Winters, which I think we do in the episode.
But I still really mean it.
But that's it.
Yes, you can go back to bed now.
I love you.
I love you, too.
I was talking to Justin.
Oh, okay.
He's here with me in the room.
Good joke, Justin.
Ooh, stinky fart.
I like how you did one.
Bye.
Bye.
Max Fun Con tickets are on sale now at maxfuncon.com.
Watch stand-up comedy on a mountain.
Roll out of bed after a dance party to see a live podcast taping.
Take classes from amazing teachers with the most supportive group of people you'll ever meet.
Make a bunch of friends and eat a ton of s'mores.
Come to Max Fun Con at Lake Arrowhead, California, the second weekend of June,
for friendship, comedy, and creativity.
Get your ticket now at maxfuncon.com.
What's your name in question?
My name is Brad.
Hi, Brad.
Brad!
Brad!
Let's do it.
So I work with...
Okay, so it was a Borat impression and that's not your regular voice.
So when I said Brad, it was like, he's doing a Borat impression,
but then I was like, what if that's his regular voice and I kind of bailed?
But now that I know it's a Borat impression...
Go on.
Go on, Brad.
Sorry.
So I work with high school kids.
Okay.
Marching band.
So you know they freaks.
Yeah, they're nasty.
So the biggest problem I have with them is they have this tendency that they just don't stop dabbing.
Mm-hmm.
Wait, is that real, Brad?
Brad.
No, no, no, no, no, no, it's real, it's real, it's real.
Also, it's not really a problem, but go ahead.
No, it is.
It's just constant dabbing.
While they're trying to play instruments?
They disrupt the rehearsal and they want the instructors to dab.
They caught me dabbing, I'm sorry to say.
I just need to know, what can I give them instead of dabbing, or how do I make the dabbing stop?
What can I give them other than dabbing is like, how do I introduce the next thing?
And maybe it's working really hard to be good at instruments.
We tried that, so they're sort of into that, you know?
That's good.
I tried the knee dab, which is this.
That's not better.
I enjoyed it.
But I think what Travis said, there's some heat there, where it's like,
hey everybody, I'm Griffin, this is my new viral video, and all the teams are going to get really into it.
This is the new thing, it's called, practicing your scales.
Have you ever thought about, and listen, Brad, I instantly respect you and what you do.
Except for the Borat impression.
No, and you did the dab, you did.
Have you ever thought about like, looking around the room and asking them like,
how many of you are going to do this after this?
How many of you are going to do this after this, and like, those people you encourage to rehearse or practice or whatever,
and the other one's just like, dab away.
Just like in Mr. Holland's opus.
That would be way more, I played the trombone in middle school, and all I did was just like,
hum through the trombone, never actually learned to play the trombone, and just convinced my parents like,
just sign this, I'm not going to practice, and they're like, we don't want you to fail.
You hear that, dad?
Take that, dad.
You're on blast, Clint.
Um, oh man.
Do you have any like, ringers?
There's probably some instruments that have long enough rests in the sheet music where they could get some good dabs in there.
And if that's the case,
Gong.
The gong, yes.
Gong is the one, it's the right at the end.
Super dab.
Because if that's the thing, I see a way for you to really stand out during the competition.
Yes.
Does that help?
It helps.
Thank you, Brad.
Hi there, okay, so I know you guys are from the great state of West Virginia.
Hell yeah.
So you're probably-
You know, Abraham Lincoln made West Virginia a state.
So you're probably pretty familiar with the urban legend of the Mothman?
Yeah.
Okay, I think some people know where this is going.
So over the past couple of months, Chicago has been having this thing where people have been reporting sightings of a seven foot tall winged creature with red eyes.
Fucking followed us here.
That fucking asshole.
Mothman, are you here?
He wanted to go to the Jimmy Buffett show with you guys.
Paul, Paul, I'm gonna need another drink.
The Mothman's in Illinois.
That was extremely fast.
Paul heard Mothman, I was like, they're gonna need this.
So it's even been on like the cover of the Chicago Reader and there's a lady who came and confessed that she summoned it through a-
That's not how Mothman works.
It's not.
So my question to you is, do you think that maybe it is?
And if so, what should we do as a city?
Stay off bridges.
That's ghoulish.
It's that dude's whole line of business.
He's a bridge warner.
That is true.
Hold on, wait.
I think we're gonna go with the Mothman one this time.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Somebody did ask me, I can't remember who I was having the conversation with, and they're like, hey, so we were talking about like, Crypto Zoology and like, Local Legends, and they're like, and what's the Mothman's deal?
And I'm like, well, some people saw him, and then a bridge collapsed.
And then they made a movie.
It goes way deeper.
So has Enric Cole been spotted anywhere?
Oh, yeah.
No?
No.
Okay.
So we're probably okay from a safety perspective, because if Cole's not chasing the Moth-
You know Cole?
Cole was the one who arrived before the Mothman.
Wait, there was a pre-Moth?
If you don't know, the Mothman rolls up, and he's like, oh, the bridge, the bridge, and then the bridge collapses. That's the Mothman's whole deal.
He doesn't fly around or shoot spores all over.
But to have a pre-Mothman, it's like, uh-oh, the Mothman's gonna come.
But a guy named Enric Cole showed up before, like, hunting the Mothman.
So he was like, so the Mothman's like an intergalactic convict who's escaped from space.
This is real.
This is 100%.
Well, I mean, it's not like-
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
It's not real.
I'm just telling you, like, don't get it twisted. It's not, like, real.
Just West Virginia has, like, one crypto dude.
Can we just keep him? Just the one?
And he's not even that good. He doesn't shoot spores out of his wings to put Pokemon to sleep or whatever.
Like all he does, he warns you about faulty infrastructure.
Oh, there's a pothole that's gonna fuck up your Jetta.
Thanks, Mothman.
Can we get the chupacabra in here to at least, like, kill a goat or something?
You know, like, 50 people died, right? It wasn't, like, a pothole. It was, like, a whole bridge collapse.
It was a tragedy.
So he did that one. He's like, I'm done.
He didn't even do it. He didn't even do it.
He was just walking back going, I don't know about that bridge.
No, okay. If you're saying that the Mothman should have conducted a more thorough, effective advertising campaign about the dangers of the silver bridge, yes, I agree.
The Mothman was not very effective as a harbinger of-
The city hall recognizes the giant Mothman.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
He was just walking by that bridge. It does not look safe.
Uh, actually, let me back up, because Neil Carnegie says I should use praise first.
Debbie, the harvest festival this year was fucking kick-ass.
Anyway-
I want to put my engineering degree to good use.
Finally.
Um, Kit, please don't steal our Mothman.
It might be another Mothman.
Could-
There's one in Iowa.
There's one in Iowa. That's what I'm saying.
There's not.
It's Iowa.
I don't- like, fucking Art Bell is not going to walk out on stage and be like, it's true, there are.
Um, there's not.
But do you think West Virginia Mothman, like, sees in, like, he gets the Chicago paper, and he opens it, and he's like, that's not me.
This is the problem, though. We're all playing Calvin Ball with cryptozoology. If you start saying that the Mothman's in Illinois, he will be, because, you know.
So, like, let's just-
Uh, because he's created by thought.
You are absolutely correct, Justin.
And belief in-
As the Mothman is a manifestation, it's actually short for Mothmanifestation.
As Neil Gaiman dictates in his book, American Gods, Kit, please don't steal our Man Moth.
Thank you.
No, Man Moth is a different one.
Okay, you can have Man Moth.
Alright, so, um, about a year ago, uh, my family got a, uh, parrot from a pet store.
And it was, like, really fun, because, like, it's, like, a cool pet that I can, like, show my friends, like, we have a parrot. Um-
As opposed to a shitty dog.
Yeah, I mean-
Ugh.
Ew, I get it. I've seen dogs.
Anyways, uh, boys, now we have seven parrots, and I don't know what to do.
Wait, what?
Hold on.
Alright, alright, save it. Um, oh, good luck.
I'm afraid to ask my question.
No, you go ahead and hit us with this. Maybe you have eight parrots. Go on.
We don't know. What's your name?
Uh, my name is Benny.
Hi, Benny.
Like, the man of the Jets.
Okay, cool.
Fantastic.
And my question is, I have been living with my partner for about a month now, and we have kind of a problem in that he will show me media, like, I've watched Death Note and Breaking Bad and a bunch of other anime-
Anime or live action?
Uh, the anime. The anime.
Oh, okay.
Oh, phew.
I don't know. Is that good or bad?
No, stop talking, Travis.
Subs or dubs, go.
Okay, so, alright.
Send us the media.
The problem is, is that he won't watch anything that I like. Like, I tried to get him to listen to a few podcasts. You might have heard of them, like The Adventure Zone and My Brother, My Brother and Me.
Sure, sure, sure.
And he just won't do it. How do I fix him?
Okay.
I actually, can we answer both of these?
Play this. Play this clip of 3,000 people booing.
I kind of want to answer both.
I mean, that's against the spirit of the thing.
Okay, can I answer this one real quick?
Yeah.
Okay, Benny, here's the thing.
Yes, sir.
You have to pick the right time to play a podcast for someone, because it's not just sitting around in your house, because there's a bunch of other better shit to do.
That's true.
It has to be in a car. That's the only time you can trick someone into listening to a podcast.
They should, the tagline for podcast should be, podcast, when your hands are busy doing other things.
Right, because there's literally, or your eyes too, is eyes, hands, but your ears are free.
Podcast?
Podcast.
Like, that's it.
Podcast. It's six hours to Phoenix, motherfucker.
I guess things happen.
Right. Because that's the thing. I love podcasting. I would rather play video games, watch TV, read a book.
Anything is better than podcasts.
Nap, anything.
We are the mustard condiment that you put on the meat of the good thing you're actually excited about doing.
Does that-
So maybe watch our TV show.
Yeah, the TV show's a good egg.
VRV.CO.
VRV.
All six episodes streaming live.
He actually really does like your TV show.
Fuck yeah, he does. That's a good egg.
Thank you, Benny. Thank you so much.
Thank you, brothers.
Seven parents?
How did you get to seven?
I mean, you said it like, I got one and then I sneezed and there were seven.
You had to have gotten to six and been like, this is fucking ridiculous.
Can I ask you, I want to ask you a serious question and I promise we'll let you answer.
Yeah, no, go ahead.
What was it about having six parents that you were like, this is good, but there's a hole in our hearts for something else?
There's just, it's missing.
We're missing something and it's, I think it's another parent.
How after six parents do you not think, turtle?
Maybe like, maybe that's what we don't have.
Were you trying to start a parrot acapella group and you needed a deep parent?
I really wish we were, but all of them are completely untalented.
Awesome.
Was that what you were trying to do?
Was each parent, maybe this one will be cool?
Please don't use our podcast as a bludgeon to lay waste to your parents.
Hey, shout out to you, mom.
She's catching up.
Your parrot's named mom?
Are you okay?
Tell me what the sort of sonic experience of crossing the threshold of the house is like.
How well can you imagine about 12 hours of screaming every day?
Pretty well, I have a baby.
The conversion rate is one baby to seven.
Yeah, it's about that.
Do the parrots all hang out in the same room or is it like,
There's parrots in the living room.
Okay, so we have our living room.
There's like a wall of cages, right?
Okay.
And how many of those are parrots and how many are humans?
Okay, we have this fun little thing where-
That should have been an easy answer.
You shouldn't need a fucking like,
hold on, I want to answer your question about human cages,
but I'm going to need to cushion this a little bit.
Okay, I can't just come out and say I have three humans in cages.
Let me preface.
Kind of a 50-50 deal.
Now I'm not sure.
You can't lie to us right now because you just said you have seven parrots.
So you don't want us to start questioning everything.
Especially that half a person.
Why did you?
I'm just going to ask you a question and I want you to answer me.
And I'm tired of the lies.
I'm tired of the runaround, okay?
Why did you buy a seventh parrot?
Okay, all right.
We did not buy each parrot separately.
So you steal parrots from people.
That's disgusting.
Wait, do you wake in the morning and a new parrot is there?
I mean, that does happen sometimes.
But not that quick a turnaround.
I promise, we'll let you finish this time.
Why did you buy a seventh parrot?
It all started when...
No, I'm locked in.
Go ahead.
You got me.
It was a dark and stormy night.
Fucking, can we just do in media res and you're kind of like about to buy the parrot?
Yeah.
So you can help.
We got two parrots as the final sixth and seventh parrot.
Okay, let me rephrase my question.
Why did you buy a sixth and seventh parrot?
You know what?
I'll track it back.
Second.
Second.
No, fifth and seventh.
Your sixth and seventh parrot.
What made you sort of...
Was it you needed one for Saturday and Sunday?
Well, and this is, I shit you not, this is completely honest.
One of the parrots, parrot number four.
That's what you call them too.
That's what you put on their prisoner ID badges.
Parrot four.
You didn't finish your gruel, parrot four.
Are vittles not up to your demanding standards?
Perhaps parrot six would enjoy the rest of your gruel.
While parrot seven looks at his parrot Hayworth poster.
Okay, so parrot, sorry, your gag was parrot Hayworth.
Yeah.
Okay, go ahead.
It's like Shawshank, parrot redemption.
I got it.
Shit.
Just make sure Shawshank redemption, but with parrots.
This is gonna, we've had a lot of fun.
Here's just gonna be like, parrot four died.
And we just had like five minutes in.
Okay, so why do you have so many parrots?
Please justify it.
Something happened to parrot four.
Parrot four was lonely.
So...
Wait, what?
Fuck you parrot four.
They don't get along.
The parrots hate each other.
They have like, it's like game of thrones.
They have different houses.
Thank you for being...
Pikachu fights the others and she's smaller and weaker than the rest.
Put them in a different part of the house.
Stop, Travis.
Travis, stop.
Is your parrot named Pikachu?
Wait, what?
Is your parrot named Pikachu?
Yeah, you want me to go through the names?
Sorry.
Now I want to list the fucking names?
Yeah, list your parrot names.
Hey, goodbye everyone else's questions.
Okay, list the names of all your parrots.
All right.
If you can remember them.
Yeah, right.
We have Celeste.
We have Buckberry.
We have Pikachu.
Fantastic.
We have Sadie.
We have Taco spelled T-A-A-K-O named after the wizard.
My mom's a fan of the show.
Hell yeah.
And then we have Pepper and am I missing one?
Wait.
Yeah.
Yeah, you are.
Yeah, you are.
You know how I know?
You have seven parrots.
Rexie.
We have Rexie short for Tyrannosaurus Rex.
All right.
Okay.
Was that the seventh?
No, that was number five.
Jesus, we are in the weeds.
Can I ask you?
I want to ask you two questions and I'm going to ask them in succession
and then you can answer them in succession.
First question is, what's the worst part about living with seven parrots?
The second question is, what's the second worst thing about living with seven parrots?
Wait, can I add a third question?
Of course.
Third question.
Is there any improvement that you thought, oh, thank God we have that seventh one?
Yeah.
Did you have like a home invaders and like six weren't enough to bring them down?
The seventh one swept in and bit off their dicks.
Okay.
Tell me the worst thing about living with seven parrots.
And then tell me the best thing about living with seven parrots.
Okay.
So we have one, two, three, and four.
We need answers.
Okay.
So what's the worst?
Worst thing is that parrots absolutely cannot be potty trained.
No, they're parrots.
Yes.
They're huge.
Yeah, that's huge.
What's the second?
The second worst thing is probably that one of them is a sociopath.
But you can never remember which one.
So it's like they ask you to join them in a room alone.
You're like, wait a minute.
Are you the one who, oh well.
But it is really good at solving bird crime.
Yeah.
It's parrot number four, the lonely one.
Oh, that fucking parrot four.
What's the name of parrot four?
Do you remember?
Yeah, Sadie.
Sadie.
Fuck Sadie.
Sadie.
No, Sadie's great.
What's the best thing?
I hope they get avian flu.
Jesus, Travis.
Come on, Travis.
And then they all turned against me.
Yeah.
I'll drink some more Malort, thank you very much.
To put a nice button on this, to give it just sort of a nice ending,
because we've just been dunking on your seven small birds of paradise for a bit.
What's the best thing about living with seven birds?
Thank you, Griffin.
What's the best thing about the seven birds?
You can't just say, thank you, I need the best.
There's not a best thing.
We'll edit it in later.
The best thing about having seven birds would probably be the look on all of our
friends and loved ones faces of concern and shock and horror as they enter our house.
Do you ever just, thank you so much.
Thank you.
Thank you for all your parents.
Did you think you were going to be up here for 15 minutes, by the way?
Probably not.
I hope you wore comfortable shoes.
That's going to do it for us.
Thank you so much, Chicago, for listening to us.
We hope you had fun.
Thank you to everybody.
Let's have a big round of applause for everybody that was brave enough to stand up and ask a
question because it's very scary.
So thank you to everybody.
Do you see that?
So what?
Well, the P's upside down.
The P's upside down.
There we go.
Now your U is, I'm not going to troubleshoot you.
On one side it says juice and on the other side it says juice.
It probably says Justin because like in the TV show, remember?
Anyway.
Now it says Jostin, now it says Jorps.
Now it says-
Now keep going.
Okay, now it says Josta.
Thank you to everybody for coming out.
Thank you.
Can we turn the house lights down because people are starting to leave to get to their cars early.
It's freaking me out.
It's bumming me out.
I don't want to say, bye everybody.
Like no hard feelings.
I do it all the time, but I just don't want to, I can't say it.
Wait, get a poster on your way out.
Yeah, make sure to buy poster sneakers.
We got you.
You're busted.
So now buy a fucking poster.
So that's, thank you so much to the Chicago theater, which is beautiful.
And I hope you're all frequenting this venue as much as humanly possible because it's fucking gorgeous.
It's really amazing.
And thank you to Chicago in general.
Yeah, you've been amazing.
Thank you to Schmaners for opening for us.
They were fantastic.
Thank you to our daddy for doing our intro and coming with us and helping us out.
Thank you to Paul for coming around and helping us out with everything.
Check out the music of Paul and Storm available everywhere, books are sold.
Everywhere.
It's everywhere.
You can't trip without finding Paul and Storm.
Oh, and go on the Joko Cruise also.
Joko Cruise is going to be on it.
Yeah, my wife and I are going to be doing Schmaners.
Our dad will be there.
We're going to probably do some D&D, not a venture zone, but D&D stuff.
Yeah.
Thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, but in the days to come.
Yes.
I also just want to say a general thank you to our wives and families and babies and stuff
for being so cool.
Yeah.
Thank you to CAA.
Thanks for them.
We're not going to be, because of the aforementioned babies, they got to get to bed.
So we're not going to be hanging out afterwards and stuff.
But we so appreciate you all coming and being so kind to us.
Because really, having this many people here to see our dumb podcast really means the world.
Yeah.
And I used to live in Chicago, and I've seen shows here.
And the fact that we're up here right now is never not going to be completely surreal.
You're so kind.
Thank you.
Thank you all so much.
Thank you so much.
So every week on my Bim Bam, if you never listen, Griffin reads the last Yahoo.
And then on the next episode, we come back and sort of discuss it.
This one was sent in by the delivery man, Seth Carlson.
Thank you, Seth.
Yahoo answers user Caleb, who asks, has there ever been a person to get shoot in the balls
and survive?
Ouch!
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother, Me.
Kiss Your Dad, Square on the Lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
I'm Riley Smurl.
I'm Sydney McElroy.
And I'm Taylor Smurl.
And together, we host a podcast called Still Buffering, where we answer questions like,
why should I not fall asleep first at a slumber party?
How do I be fleek?
Is it OK to break up with someone using emojis?
And sometimes we talk about butts.
No, we don't.
Nope.
Find out the answers to these important questions and many more on Still Buffering,
a sister's guide to teens through the ages.
I am a teenager.
And I was too.
Butts, butts, butts, butts, butts.
Well, you've changed your mind, far too many times, over and over again, over and over again.
