The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
And folks, it's a special time of year for me. There's an event going on right now I'm very
passionate about called Summer Games Sun Quick, where the whole video game speedrun community
gets together and starts just burning these bad boys down. Crash is there, Sonic's there,
Mario is not there, because he said too many cuss words last year. But I was thinking, Justin and
Travis, this could be an exciting opportunity for us to sort of expand the brand, reach out to this
thriving speedrun audience, and maybe we get into the scene, pick some stuff that we think we could
really knock down the world records for, and climb that climb that time mountain. And what I thought
I would start out with, and I would pitch it to you guys and see what you thought, is I'm gonna
speedrun Boyhood. Okay, the movie? The Richard Linklater movie Boyhood. Okay. Okay. Because I
watched it, and because I try to be a good Austin boy, and I watched all of it, and I just thought
I could watch this so much. It's not optimized. I could get through this a lot faster. You watch
the boy, and the boy learns like a lesson when he's a little boy, and there's, you know, there's
so many shitty dads in that movie, and it's like I could easily find the skips to get past at least
two or three of these shitty dads. And I'm working on this new strat where he doesn't go to college,
and so that's, that's, I'm picking up some time there. Okay. I guess, Griffin, what I'm confused
about is like you could just fast forward, or you could just like, it's a cheat. Skip scenes. No,
fast forward is cheating, and everybody knows that, but if you can get the shitty second dad skip,
and then get right to grown-up Patricia Arquette, then you get, you see the, you know, you get what's
going on in the movie, but then the boy got really older, and you did it in less time. So I've been
working on, I got the runtime down to like an hour five. The Japanese, yeah, the Japanese runner
community for Boyhood has figured out some new clips. There's a part where you can make the boy
go right through the wall of his house and get outside out of bounds, and then all of a sudden
he's like 15 or so. Oh wow. Yeah, so I've been working on that, but it's, you know, it's like a
picture. Are there any like warp whistles or anything? There is a warp whistle in Boyhood,
Travis, and I'm so glad you asked. A lot of people miss out on it, but it's in the
silverware drawer in the kitchen of the second house. How are you interacting with the scenes
in this, in this sort of scenario that you've crafted here? This real scenario,
or is it a touch thing? Is it a voice activation thing? How are you interacting with the film
Boyhood? Is it like a click controller thing? Are you clicking your controller at the film Boyhood?
With the click controller. Sort of like a Blu-ray, choose your own adventure sort of thing that was
so hot for a while. I'm so glad that Travis brought up click because I do, I'm actually like
third on the leaderboards for that one because in that one you can just make Adam Sandler press the
go button way, way faster. And then like his kids, like they turn into skeleton bones, like from the
Indiana Jones movie where the guy drinks the bad cup. And he gets really sad, but I get really
happy because my fucking PB is like off the charts now. So it's not a hundred percent run,
just to be clear. Any percent kids turn into skeleton bones run is the category there. But
for Boyhood, it's mostly yelling at the boy to, you know, run through, clip through the wall.
It's you, it's you running, yelling at the boy.
Yeah. And then there is some screen touching, but that's mostly for me.
Now I have been doing this with the Up series of films. Are y'all familiar with the Up series?
Like the film Up?
No, there, there was a documentary film series called the Up series. It started with Seven Up
and then it was seven plus seven, 21 Up, 28 Up, 35 Up. They just, every seven years they check in
on this series of kids. So they started out at seven and then every seven years they make another
movie about these fools. Like, well, how are y'all doing? How's it going? I actually found a hack
for this one, which is I just skipped a 49 Up because who gives a shit? This is now, you know
what I mean? 56 Up, I got a new strat. 56 Up is coming out next year. I think I'm just going to
skip to that one from now on. So I'm hoping to get my time down even quicker. I can skip straight to
these fools being 56 years old. No problem.
I, you know, I will actually say I've been doing this with Great British Bake Off
because I'll start and you know, you'll watch a bunch of it. And then I realized like,
I can just go to the store and buy a cake.
Yeah.
And like, when you do that, you kind of just like do it, right? Without having to watch each episode.
Because really the whole reason you watch Great British Bake Off is so that you just get like,
so fucking horny for baked goods.
Yeah.
And you have to like eat them. So just like cut out the middleman and just eat the baked goods.
I had a memory last night of, I was watching GBBO last night with my wife and they,
it was cakes. It was a cake episode.
And I was thinking about it during the cake episode. I was remembering a time when I was
in elementary school and I won a cake walk. And if you remember, I don't know if y'all,
like that's, I think that's just, just a metaphor now for kids, kids these days.
But a cake walk is like a bunch of people stand in like a circle and they call numbers,
kind of like musical chairs. So one person ends up owning a cake.
And at the end of this cake walk, I ended up owning a cake.
As a child.
As a child, I owned a cake and I can, I realized that I peaked.
Yeah.
Then the feeling I had of like, I own a cake. This is my cake and I own it.
And I'm eight years old and I own this cake. I'm the owner of an entire cake that I own.
I own this.
Justin, isn't it weird to you that you accidentally did like crossover fan fiction
of Great British Bake Off and boyhood? Like you have just described like,
you like put in a cheat code for Justin McElroy boyhood,
where like a Great British Bake Off cake appeared and eight-year-old Justin just had it.
Welcome to 37 Up. We're checking back in with Justin McElroy.
You'll remember in our past four films, Justin has just talked about the cake he won
when he was eight. So let's check in and see how he's doing.
Nope. Still the cake.
Haven't topped it.
Haven't beaten that.
Love my kids. Love my wife.
Love my kids. Love the wife. Got the house, the podcast, whatever. Can't beat the cake.
Also, we're very sorry that we missed a couple of years there and had to do 37 Up.
Some of these rascally kids were just hard to get a hold of this time.
It is worth pointing out that I want to, it's not that,
because Justin, if I may speak for you as your representative for a moment,
I don't think it's that Justin doesn't love his kids and his wife more than a cake,
but comparatively, eight-year-old Justin, a cake is like having eight wives and 16 kids.
It's just the ca- Oh, that sounds so good, Trav.
No, I think your metaphor fell apart a little bit there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It was like being eight and owning an entire cake because it wasn't just,
you have to remember that it wasn't just my ability to eat an entire cake if I want to.
Of course, I was intoxicating. But think about the power.
Think about the power that I had as an eight-year-old and owner of a cake.
No one could take it from you because it was yours. You had not snatched this cake.
It's extremely powerful. I'll never top it.
How about a first question?
I would love to answer a question and help people here on episode 413.
Hey, we always say this at the end, but it's on my heart right now.
Thank you to everybody who has listened to us blather on for 413 episodes.
We appreciate you very much, and we so appreciate you sparing an hour of your time.
413 is like so many.
That's a lot.
It's a lot.
I'm so appreciative to all y'all.
I work at a very fancy hotel.
I'm a detective at a very fancy hotel.
A new employee recently joined my team of hotel detectives,
and in an effort to be friendly and helpful,
I've been answering their questions about our policies and so on.
However, in recent days, her questions have taken a different tone,
pumping me for info on things like how late the security guards stay in the building,
how many cameras are in the service corridors,
if the codes for interdoors change regularly.
How much trouble am I in?
Should I alert the hotel authorities?
Then again, I'm on minimum wage.
Should I be asking to get in on the grift?
Yup, yup, yup.
That's from an unwilling extra in an Oceans movie in Dublin, Ireland.
Okay, so listen.
You are on the razor's edge right now.
You are on the thinnest ice right now.
What happens now makes or breaks the ice, I guess, that you're standing on,
because you need to start very subtly laying down hints
that you are down to clown until you're in the ground.
And I'm talking about like this new employee walks into your office
and is like, where are you?
And then you climb out of the garbage can
where you've folded yourself up to get in a real tiny place.
And you're like, oh, sorry about that.
Sometimes I fold up my body real small into real small shapes
to climb into the garbage can because I'm so super flexible.
But what was your questions?
And maybe like when the employee's nearby,
like in the break room or something,
without even batting an eyelash,
like steal a lunch from the refrigerator and say like,
I don't even mind stealing things from people.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Make it clear your morals are real flexible,
as flexible as your body.
You ruined it already by writing into us.
You've just provided this.
Do you realize this is probably the first episode
of our Brother on Brother May?
Where somewhere in the world, somewhere in time,
a detective has just like pulled off their headphones
and turned around at the corkboard they have with like pictures
and thread tied between it like this is it.
It all makes sense.
The clues were here the entire time
in this dumb, dumb podcast.
You know what?
In fact, just in case that this ever gets played
as evidence in a courtroom, fart.
Ah, nice.
Got him.
Got him.
A big, a big ass.
Do you hear that?
Do you hear that, judge?
A big ass fart.
I present for the jury a big turd, a big juicy one.
Assholes.
I got a new exhibit.
It's number 69.
Yeah, I got an objection.
I'd like to turn your attention to exhibit D.
D's not.
I got you all, you fucking courtroom dum-dums.
Okay, this is more of a visual one,
so you're gonna have to picture me here,
but I have just walked up to the lawyer's briefcase
and I've thrown all their papers in the air
and I've said, these papers are out of order.
Okay, but that's, you can't.
But like, but you won't do that.
Yeah, I picture it, but you won't.
Somebody do it.
Stenographer, stenographer.
Flip those papers in the air.
Those papers are out of order.
I'm holding myself in contempt.
And like, maybe hold yourself.
Like, a hug.
That's nice.
Everybody give yourself a nice hug in the court.
Yeah, you know what, jury?
You're free to go.
Hey, everybody.
Everybody in the court.
Oh, this is gonna be good.
Everybody in the court.
I'm evidence, so you have to do what I say, legally speaking.
Everybody in the court, just like,
let's just sort of close our eyes and bow our heads.
It's sort of like, if you're into praying, that's cool,
or just like, sort of make peace in the moment, right now.
Okay.
Run for it.
Keep them close, everybody.
Keep them close.
Keep them close, everybody.
When they really think it.
Go, go, go, go, go.
You're free.
There's a car outside.
It's Grixin.
He's driving it.
He's driving it forward slash donate.
You just gotta go ahead and make sure you hit us back for this.
With emeralds.
We accept emeralds.
Emeralds are fine.
I'm sorry, but I've turned state's evidence.
They've run out.
They had it out of the court.
Open your eyes.
They're getting away.
No, Travis.
Travis, the emeralds.
I'm sorry.
It's too late.
I had a lot of stuff I was trying to beat, and they said that they would let me off if
I turned states.
That's your deal.
I get it.
I, you know, this is a unique enough situation that I would like us to, you know, we've done
a bunch of dumb stuff in the past few minutes.
What would you do?
Because like, this is kind of shady, but I'm not sure I would want to like confront the
person about it because they might be the sort that, you know, some have a heart of
gold.
The only reason they say, like, they talk about some criminals have a heart of gold
is to differentiate them from other criminals who most assuredly don't.
Yeah.
And I'm worried that like maybe you got one of the bad eggs that just cut you down.
A heart of shit.
It's possible.
I have an idea here and a certain level of like deniability that might save your life
while still foiling their plans, which is you then go ask those questions of somebody else,
right?
But in the exact same way they asked you.
And now that person will report you and you say, like, well, they were asking about it
and I didn't know the answer, so I was just trying to help them out.
You've just increased the body count, Trav.
Well, what if I ask 18 people?
How many people can they take out?
19, including you, because they could be a real dead pool.
Oh, no.
But at a certain point, maybe if I told like the chief of police and asked them.
Oh, good, Trav.
Yeah.
No, they got a kid on the way, so that's great.
Well done.
Anybody else that you want to?
Yeah.
I think what I would do, gosh, this is a toughie because the two results of this, you seem
like you're on the ball right now and that's good news.
You can either join their crew and now it's Ocean's.
I don't know how many people they got, but let's say like five because you've joined
as the fifth member and you get to steal all the emeralds.
Maybe it's the chaos emeralds that are kept inside your hotel and you get those and then
you get a bunch of money and you get the thrill of doing that.
The other thrill you could get, though, is being a crime buster like My Hero Deadpool.
I'm just saying, I think either way this breaks, you're good.
The only thing you can fuck this up with is if you do nothing.
You bust out, you join them, one of the two.
I will say, though, this might be a strong nothing move.
Justin, ask me how late the security guards stay in the building.
How late do the security guards stay in the building again?
I don't know.
Yeah, see, that's not good, Trav.
That's kind of exactly what I just said.
What does that do?
Yeah, that doesn't do anything.
But in doing that, you know what?
That buck sails right over your head and on to the next person.
It's fun.
You didn't help the person and you didn't help the show, too.
You did two.
You failed twice at the same moment.
I might have helped the person because it's a lot of pressure sometimes to say like you
have to decide between either a life of crime or a life of detecting.
But what about just like nothing?
Hey, Trav, if you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice.
Mm, that was brilliant and rhythmic.
Thank you.
How about a Yahoo though?
Yahoo.
We have a lot of Yahoo's this week from people.
Like they sent, I got the same Yahoo from a lot of folks.
So thank you to everybody.
It was a very good week for Yahoo's.
A bunch of folks sent this one in.
It's from Yahoo Answers user question mark.
I'm gonna say Manny Ocean asks, is it blasphemy to say grace when eating food from Burger King?
Just considering it's fast food and always wondered if religious people consider it a sin
to thank God for the food when eating stuff like that.
Just curious.
So yeah, you're at the table of Burger King.
Is the idea here that if God had interceded with his divine providence,
that he would have served you up something better than BK?
Or like you would pray and Jesus would be like, I'm not blessing that shit.
Yeah, you're at the Burger King table and you're like,
please bless these extremely salty, too crunchy fries
and our four sloppy sloppy Baconator Juniors in your most heavenly highest name, I pray.
And then, you know, God's in heaven.
He's like, oh, hold on, I got a call.
And then, you know, a hole forms in the cloud floor and he looks down it
and pulls out his magnifying glass and he sees what you're all up to
because you can see through the roofs of all buildings.
Don't even try jerking off.
And so he sees the Burger King and goes,
um, no, no, I won't bless that one.
Get at me next time, maybe next time hit up, you know,
Steak and Shake or a more reputable burger establishment.
I'll bless that.
A Red Robin.
A Red Robin.
I'll shout out to a Red Robin.
But the thing is, God and Jesus' love go where they're needed the most, right?
Not to fucking Burger King, Justin.
No, yeah, just not.
If I'm in a fancy, read about a fancy like steakhouse or something,
I don't need God's help.
Jesus will fuck with a steakhouse.
That's it.
Yeah, so what Justin is suggesting is that your family's doing a big pray
right before the prom.
And they took you out to Ruth's Chris to get you like psyched up.
And then, you know, God's like, uh, yeah.
So, uh, I was thinking, oh, hold on, I got a call.
And a hole opens up in the cloud floor.
And he looks down with his magnifying glass.
He sees you in the Ruth's Chris.
And he sees just some just sizzling hunks just sitting on your platter
covered in like a nice garlic herb butter that's just juicily dribbling over the side.
It may be into like a tasty looking potato puree.
And it just looks real nice.
And he goes, you don't need my help on this one.
This is already.
I can't do anything to improve that.
That's doing good already.
You're at Ruth's Chris, baby.
That's what I get.
I just say that I feel like God's divine love and Jesus's amazing bounty.
Well, like he helped the people that needed it the most, right?
For whatsoever you do unto the least of these you've done unto myself, right?
Like, I feel like that counts for Burger King as well.
I feel like Jesus is in this Burger King.
No.
You know, Jesus is in the McDonald's.
No, I think at most they send the Holy Spirit.
At most.
Yeah, to do their dirty work.
That's easily like Farm Team.
I have always wondered what the Holy Spirit has been doing.
That would actually explain a lot.
Can I posit one reason why they might not be big Burger King fans?
Why?
Idolatry.
Okay.
Yes.
By worshiping the king?
Yeah, everybody's worshiping the Burger King.
The Burger King does make you bow to him before he sneaks up on you.
And he has the very, very scary face and body.
And he makes you bow and pray to him and accept him into your heart.
And then he gives like the kids crowns.
And now the kids think that there are these, you know, omnipotent God kings.
And don't get me wrong, the big man's not a big fan of how nasty all of the fries and burgers are.
But it's all the idolatry just running rampant.
So the scenario you're suggesting is that you pray, a hole opens up in the roof of the Burger King.
Jesus comes down and looks and peeks.
And he's like, but what of your earthly God?
What of your master, the Burger King?
What of his blessing?
Why do you need mine providence?
You have your master that you've hitched yourself to.
Yeah, enjoy your new God.
Let's see how long this one lasts.
Dear Burger King God, I'm having a hard time at school.
Can you help me pass the test?
Burger King God's not going to help you out with the test like Jesus can.
Well, to be fair, Burger King God just shows up and hands you a burger and you're like,
this is a test on salads.
This is good.
I mean, it's a test on neuroscience.
I could use any help.
No, just a burger again.
Shoot.
If the Son of Man is indeed the King of Kings,
then you have to imagine that the Burger King does roll up to Jesus.
In which case, all Burger King's actions are,
I mean, according to the Bible,
are the direct result of the orders of Jesus Christ.
So what I'm saying is he's the King of Kings.
That means he's Burger King's boss.
So that means he is the one that Burger King is answering to
when prophets aren't where they would like to be.
When Burger King wanted to do a new fry formulation,
he had to ask Jesus's permission because he's the King of Kings.
He walks out of the corporate headquarters looking all dejected
because McDonald's has beaten their pants up and down.
And they're thinking we might have to close up shop
because nobody wants the BK.
But then what's that on the corner?
It's a burning garbage can.
And what's that?
There's a voice coming from inside.
Whoa, whoa, there's a burning garbage can.
I'm very scared of that.
But he hears the voice and it calms and soothes him as it says,
chicken fries, dude.
Justin, are you about to say that you would murder some Burger King right now?
They got these new crispy pretzel chicken fries
that I'm dying to try.
Yeah, crispy pretzel coated chicken fries.
Don't mind if I do.
Also Burger King does have the best fries.
Of fast food chains, the winner is Rally's slash Checkers.
Well, but that's the US season curlies.
That doesn't count.
Incorrect.
Season straight.
What fucking podcast is this?
Season curlies.
It's actually, you guys are sort of infringing on my trademark podcast,
MuchSquad.
So I'll see you in court.
Here's another question.
A fellow student has taken it upon himself to start writing fan fiction
about all of us in my honors class at university.
I started actually reading them out of more of a curiosity.
It's come to my attention that if I often handily say
I enjoy something in class, it ends up becoming a major trait
for my quote character.
How do I explain to this kid there's more to me
than liking Star Wars and escape room games
without making things weirder than they already are?
I have to take multiple courses with this guy
and I'm afraid he's going to kill me off.
Oh my god, this is beautiful.
That's from Characterized in California.
Can I tell you the weirdest thing to me about this question?
We always jump in on these things and especially,
it's never me because I just finished reading the question.
I know, I had a time.
Maybe people don't really think that we're taking the time
to think this thing through.
I want people to know that our advice is coming from
a place of consideration.
We've edited out probably several minutes of consideration
before we just leap in and start answering the questions.
It seems like the obvious solution right here
is not blow up your spot because you don't want to get...
This property this person's working on
could end up being the new AAA summer blockbuster franchise.
I'm talking about movies, I'm talking about graphic novels,
I'm talking about HBO premium TV with dicks and everything.
I mean, Shades of Grey was a Twilight fan fiction,
so like my dad says was a Twitter feed
and now it's a hit TV show with Bill Shatner.
Exploding, exploding, always exploding that property.
I mean, look at the cavemen were a Geico thing
and now look at them, you know what I mean?
They have their own sitcom probably still.
Yeah, and then there's Shit My Caveman says
where they did just the two properties were so hot.
There was two broke cavemen, things they say shitty.
Yeah, and there was things my dad shit.
Things my dad shit, including a caveman
in that episode William Shatner goes in the toilet
and poops out a whole caveman.
So anyway, you want to be careful here.
You don't want to get written out of the story.
You got to make yourself as interesting as possible.
And I'm talking about you open up your JanSport one day
and you start to pull out a very magical looking sword.
But then you look around and notice
that the author has seen you,
you tuck that sword right back away,
you don't make a big deal out of it.
Now you got a sword in the book.
Or maybe like you open a really dramatic seeming letter
with like a big wax seal and you kind of gasp a little bit
right next to this person.
They're like, what?
You say like, well, it turns out my great aunt died
and she left me her spooky house,
but I have to spend the night in it if I want to inherit it.
That's really good too.
Or you open it up and you say, whoa, I got into Hogwarts.
I have spells, spell powers.
Another person trying to buy my oil fields?
Yeah, I mean, that one is going to go
more of a sort of dramatic non Harry Potter route.
I was trying to get that HP.
Well, someone's trying to buy my magical oil fields.
Yeah.
But you don't need to, you can't say,
well, for so many reasons,
you can't say anything about it, right?
That's not happening.
I don't think the concern about making things weird,
like that ship has sailed and it wasn't you that did it.
It's done, it's weird already.
You have to get weird to fix a weird situation.
Okay, this is not good advice, but welcome to the show.
Maybe just go to them like, hey, I read it, love it.
I've got some notes.
Got a few notes for you.
What if my character was six foot five?
Next time write this in a G doc.
Let your boy get in there and comment a little bit.
Kind of help shape this narrative.
Oh, you should be careful though,
because if they start to change things about your character,
it might start to change you in real life.
Yes, I was just about to say that strange fiction heat.
Pagemaster.
You come into school the next day
and you're just sitting there in class,
you're taking good notes and expanding your horizons of mind,
and then you rip a big huge one.
And then everybody in class then changes your name to,
you know, the toot doctor,
and then you go home and you're like,
wow, that stunk.
I'm gonna brighten my spirits up with some fan fiction about my life.
And then you see that exact scenario,
and it ends with like a little PS,
like books do sometimes,
where it says, PS, Toby, I got you, motherfucker.
That's illegal.
You gotta be careful.
You gotta be careful.
You don't know who has magic pens and or notebooks these days.
Are you checking the publish date on this stuff, by the way?
Oh, no.
Are you checking the publish date, by the way?
Are you making sure that You Liking Star Wars
wasn't written before you told everybody
how much you fucking love Star Wars?
I didn't even used to care about Star Wars,
so I love it now.
When did this come out?
June 6th.
Well, that's 1885.
Oh, what?
I was always wondering why it's yellowed.
Amazing.
Doc Brown, you got my fucking number, dude.
Let's take a break and get the money soon.
I want to tell you all about Bowling Branch.
Bowling Branch has the sheets.
They have the comforters.
They have the blankets.
They have the towels.
They got, if you need it soft,
they're going to have it.
And it's going to be pretty dang soft.
You could be getting some more sleep,
and not just more sleep,
but really, really good sleep on the soft, soft sheets
and blankets and everything else in Bowling Branch.
You could probably sleep with the towels.
They don't say to say that,
but the towels are soft enough.
And maybe if you do,
and I don't want to be crude here
because it's an ad for them.
They paid for it,
but they probably don't want me saying
that if you do make a sticky mess
and you have the towel there ready to go,
then nobody's going to need to know about that one.
But they make all their products from bedding to blankets
with pure 100% cotton.
Start out super soft,
and they get even softer over time.
They got thousands of five-star reviews.
Forbes, The Wall Street Journal, and Fast Company
are all talking about Bowling Branch,
and shipping's free,
and you can try them for 30 nights
if you don't love them.
You just send them right back for a refund.
So to get started,
right now our listeners can get $50 off your first set of sheets
at BowlingBranch.com, promo code MYBROTHER.
Go to BowlingBranch.com today for $50 off your first set of sheets.
That's B-O-L-L and branch.com, promo code MYBROTHER.
BowlingBranch.com, promo code MYBROTHER.
Wouldn't it be funny if they made you say,
I slipped the sheet tongue twister,
and if you got it wrong, you didn't get any money?
For the ad?
For the ad.
But here's the problem,
Griffin, you talk about all those sheets,
and I'm still sleepy,
and I don't have nothing to put my sheets on.
Justin, what do I do?
Well, good news, Travis.
Here is bed.
That's right, look behind you, it's a box.
I know what you're thinking,
there could never be a bed in there,
but there is, it's a Casper.
And all you have to do is cut the plastic
and watch as that beautiful, beautiful mattress expands.
Our listeners are invited to take advantage of Casper's-
My box is full of worms.
Why'd you send me a box full of worms, Justin?
Travis got a bed, I just got like 80 worms.
The worms are-
Part of it.
The worms are-
Dude, that's pumpkins, anybody seen that shit?
You seen this one?
Google that, guys.
Hey, listen, take it from your man, Jay.
I'm not going to steer you wrong,
you gotta see this skit.
Forrest Gump's in it, he's wearing this wild suit,
got pumpkins all over the dang thing,
and he's just going absolutely hog wild
with his two skeleton friends.
You have to see this one, guys.
It's a little bit spooky, but that makes it funnier in a way.
I know you're worried it's a Halloween skit,
but there's no killing in this skit.
No killing or cursing.
Any questions?
Oh yeah, that's what I'm going to.
It's good.
This is, a lot of times our advertising company
clips the ads out from the beginning to the end of the ad
to send them to the advertiser,
so I hope that they get all of this one.
You can be sure of your purchase of this fantastic bed
with Casper's 100-night risk-free sleep-on-it trial.
The original Casper mattress combines multiple supportive
memory foams for a quality sleep surface
with the right amount of both sink and bounce.
For a limited time, visit Casper.com savings
and save up to $225 off your order.
And this special offer expires July 9th, 2018.
Terms and conditions apply.
This next fucking jumbotron.
So fucking stoked.
It is unbelievable.
Griffin, I want you to read it.
Are you sure?
Hometown boy, I think you deserve this.
No, I do not live in San Antonio though, right?
You're confused because of the name?
Please, Griffin, read the name.
The name is Joshua Austin.
Okay, so I can kind of understand.
So Mbem Bambinos who live in the San Antonio area,
there's a hyperlink that we desperately need you to go to.
If you live in San Antonio and you listen to our podcast
and I find out that you didn't go to this hyperlink,
I will be so, so peeved.
It's www.joshuaaustindds.com.
Mbem Bambinos in the San Antonio area,
you need a good, good dentist.
Check out www.joshuaaustindds.com
for a dentist that vibes it and keeps it tight.
This is a dentist.
This is a tooth doctor with tools and instruments
and everything that's gonna get into that mouth
close to the nerves
and you're gonna know exactly what kind of fucking
righteous alt comedy that they are into.
Is there anything better than that?
Let me tell you about Joshua Austin.
Was his dad a dentist?
He was.
He was. You can't buy that sort of thing.
You have to inherit this level of dentistry.
Joshua Austin was named a super dentist by Texas Monthly
in 2014, 2015, 2016, and that's all we know.
So maybe last year didn't quite nail it down.
A bit of a light year.
A light year for super dentistry from Josh.
That's why he needs you now more than ever.
Oh, last year he won evil dentist.
Evil dentist.
But he's bringing it back.
San Antonio's best evil dentist is Joshua Austin.
Just catch him.
Just some stuff I can say about Joshua
just by looking at the JPEGs on his website.
One, he does own a very powerful, handsome jacket
and let me, yeah, I can confirm, a nice watch.
I bet he takes that off though
before he gets a knuckle deep in the chompers
to find all the nasty holes
that have the food tucked away inside of them.
Other things I know about him.
I mean, the smile, it's on point.
It's radiating something and you're gonna like that.
You're gonna see these teeth and know that you're in good mouth.
So go to JoshuaAustinDDS.com now.
I feel like Joshua has broken the seal now of dentists
knowing that they can now get advertisements on our show.
When are we gonna have the perfect
all dentist promotional spot
that's just us talking about some of our favorite dentists?
I think we should do a special episode.
Just for dentists?
They all gotta pay though.
They're all gonna pay.
Oh, he's a human, he's a human dentist for humans, by the way.
We didn't specify he's not for dogs and horses and stuff.
I have a message for Katie
and this message is from Neil
and it says, this year in lieu of having an arrangement
sent to your office, edible or otherwise,
I have decided to send you birthday wishes
via these fine McElroy gentlemen.
I love you more and more each day
and I look forward to spending the rest of my life with you.
Happy birthday, sweetheart.
And I just wanna go ahead and get out in front of this
and say that Katie's birthday was a month ago
so Katie, you know, for the last month
when Neil has been promising you something good's on the way,
that's it, finally here.
Hopefully my dog came through
with just a backup edible arrangement.
Gotta have an edible arrangement.
You always gotta have one on hand, I think.
Also, one more gentlemen we have here.
This is for Jack from Tess.
Happy, happy birthday, Jack.
You are the best little brother who serves his country,
family and friends so well and I'm so grateful for you.
Introducing me to the McElroys was the best gift ever
but hopefully this evens the score.
Enjoy one of the brothers saying go Army, beat Navy
and have the best day ever.
Love and miss you.
I just really wish they would stop making the Army
and Navy fight each other.
It seems so like super dangerous.
It's so wasteful.
Really, really disrespectful.
We need them at their best.
Also, one of them's on the land
and one of them's on the ocean.
That's what I'm saying!
Like, where are they even fighting?
Cause I guess they gotta go-
Like an island?
I think the only fair thing is we get all these folks
in planes and make them do Air Force.
So it's just sort of like a neutral level of experience
but it's just, it seems like-
Why?
Let's get it together.
Now, I know as a Max Fun listener, you love enamel pins
but guess who were the first people to wear enamel pins?
Everyone in Starfleet.
We talk about him every week on our show,
The Greatest Generation.
Originally about Star Trek The Next Generation,
now we're covering Deep Space Nine.
The main thing we're trying to encourage you to do
is listen to the show.
Listen to the show and know that you are expanding
the community of enamel pin wearing enthusiasts.
You can only resist Big Pin for so long.
So give yourself over to Big Pin and The Greatest Generation
by subscribing and downloading right now.
The Greatest Generation at MaximumFun.org
or wherever you get your podcasts.
Do you all want a yahoo from me to you?
Yeah.
This one was also sent in by a lot of people
and I don't know if it's very rich, a rich vein,
but it made me think of something
that I thought merited discussion.
Thank you to everybody who sent this one
and it's by an anonymous user.
I'm gonna call them Shonda asks,
me and my friend both applied for the same job.
He got the job, but I didn't.
Can I sue Papa John's?
Now, I know you're hoping that the job they applied for
was at a Papa John's and not at like their local bank.
And this person's fury has just blinded them
and they wanna sue somebody in the first face they see
as the Papa John.
But no, they both applied for Papa John's
and they ended up hiring him, but not me.
I've never been so angry in my life.
Can I sue Papa John's?
Yeah.
Listen, I'm not gonna lie.
Listen, why do we fall, Mr. Bruce?
Why do we fall, Mr. Bruce?
So we can-
Do you want us to continue quoting the movie?
I don't know what we're doing.
Yeah, give me the next line,
because I don't know if it's something about-
So we can get back this.
So we can apply at Pizza Hut.
So you can apply at Pizza Hut, Mr. Bruce, that's right.
Now, I would much rather work at the Hut, by the way.
If we're just being straight up,
I'd much rather work at a Domino's.
I wouldn't much rather work at a Pizza Hut.
I would take a Little Caesars.
Other than discriminatory hiring practices,
which I think is defo-suable,
I don't think you can sue just because you know
your friend Tony is a dumb, like awful piece of shit
and you rule and you're so much cooler than Tony
and there's no way Tony should have gotten this job
and not you.
I don't know that that argument holds up in the court of law.
What you need to do is when Tony gets sent out on a delivery,
you need to meet him in the parking lot with your own pizza
and you need to beat him to the house
and then call Papa John, send him a selfie,
say, this is me here at the house,
five minutes before Tony's dumb ass
has even finished fueling up his car,
which he honestly should have done before he was on the clock.
Anyway, you chose poorly.
Bye.
I'm very into that.
Very snow crash.
If you can be wearing like a black trench coat
and like Matrix sunglasses
and have a katana when you show up to the house
and you're on like a cool motorcycle,
like that's gonna do it for me.
The thing that popped out to me for this question
that I just had to float by you boys,
had to show you this balloon I found,
John Shatter or whatever his name is,
the founder of Papa John's
and the most fucking just oozing charisma,
the most charismatic commercial man I've ever seen,
I mean, he named his business Papa John's.
Now, don't just jump in here.
Really look at that balloon.
His name is John.
And he said, I'm gonna make pizza so good
that everyone's gonna call me Papa, Papa.
They're gonna, I like it when you call me Papa John
because I'm making you do it
every time you call my business
and you say, is this Papa John's?
And I'm wire tapped in and I'm like, oh, nice.
Hi, I need to order.
Think about what he was getting started.
Hi, this is John.
Well, I'd like to order a pizza.
From who?
From you, John.
Gotta say it.
From Papa John.
Yeah, what do you want now?
It's just unbelievable to me.
Naming things is hard.
I get it, I get it.
But when we were naming this podcast,
the name Daddy Griffin never even crossed my mind.
It could have been cool
if the podcast the three of us do
and have been doing for eight years
was just called Daddy Griffin.
But it just seems strange to me.
The name of my business is Papa.
Nobody in his life had ever called him Papa John
ever to that point, I bet.
There's no way this was a nickname.
And even if it was, it's a bit presumptuous
to make your nickname the name of your pizza place.
Anyway, you probably shouldn't sue.
Yeah, I don't think you can sue.
No, not sue.
You're just gonna have to start a rival business
and put them out of business.
Yes.
Daddy Tyler's pizza and things.
Pizza and things.
What?
Oh, shit.
So much food in this episode.
It is a very food happy episode.
I want a much squad.
I want too much squad.
Dunkin Donuts launches donut fries across America.
Jesus Christ, Justin.
You gotta give me some build up into it.
You can't just fucking vert ramp off into it
like right from the get go.
Dunkin Donuts fries just ahead of the 4th of July holiday.
Dunkin Donuts is bringing donut fries across America.
What on earth could those two ideas have in common?
What on earth are those two ideas overlapping with?
Are America, I guess, following a successful test
earlier this year, Dunkin Donuts announced-
Yeah.
We've done it.
Listen, I know what you're thinking.
We put the fucking scientific method to this one, okay?
Dunkin Donuts announced it will now bring new donut fries
to guests all throughout the country.
Available for a limited time at-
Listen, is it good or not?
At participating Dunkin Donuts restaurants nationwide
beginning Monday, July 2nd.
This newest snack serves, I mean, it's what you think it is.
It serves a sweet spin on classic fries,
creating a fun, easy to eat way to enjoy the delight of donuts.
What?
So notoriously hard to eat this whole time
while on the go any time of day.
Donut fries feature individual pieces of delicious,
buttery croissant-style donut dough
that are tossed in cinnamon sugar and served warm
with just the right amount of crisp.
Okay, okay, okay.
Does it come with frosting you can dip it in?
Uh, no.
What the fuck, guys?
I know.
We made donut pizza.
Is there any kind of sauce or anything?
No, it's just a big, round, flat donut.
What the fuck, guys?
You can't set yourself up like that and drop the ball.
You can't set yourself up like that and drop the ball.
They are gonna start having ketchup.
Dunkin' Donuts tested donut fries at a small number of locations
in the Boston and Providence markets earlier this year.
According to Tony Wiseman,
chief marketing officer of Dunkin' Donuts US,
okay, as America's donut leader,
we put our passion and creativity
towards finding fun and unexpected ways
to please and surprise donut fans.
You're the leader of, if you're the leader of donuts,
shouldn't you be operating with a modicum of responsibility?
Shouldn't you at some point, like,
try to blaze a trail for other donuts?
At the very least, if you're trying to please donut fans,
make fucking donuts.
Make a good donut.
Don't make these tiny donut sticks without dipping.
I've never been, this is fucked up
because I've never been so angry that this idea
of the Munch Squad isn't nastier than it already is.
You know what I mean?
I will say I'm looking at a picture of these donut fries.
They are not fry scale.
They are like big hunks of donuts.
They're donut sticks, which has been a thing forever.
Listen, I need to finish this paragraph
because I've never,
we have a lot of fun with the English language here,
the Munch Squad, this one's out there.
There was a strong consumer response
towards bringing donut fries to all Americans
during the initial test.
What?
What does that mean?
Hey, come again?
There was a strong consumer response
towards bringing donut fries to all Americans
during the initial test.
So what Tony is suggesting here
is that some fine Bostonians went to their table,
enjoyed their donut fries,
then sprinted back up to the counter and was like,
oh, oh, oh, you have to get this to everyone.
Everyone deserves this.
This, I can't just keep this for myself.
Tony, I hate to point this out,
but just saying a strong response,
that could go either way.
Yeah, that's how it hit me.
It's like when you go into a bathroom,
you smell a smell so bad that you need,
you know, everyone in the country see the shining,
shining seed and come in and smell it too.
These are so nasty.
I need everyone to eat them
because they're not gonna believe me.
Or like someone could take a bite and be like,
you're gonna give these to everyone?
You can't.
Can't wait to see this.
Don't do it.
I'm having a strong response
at the idea of you trying to give these to other people.
I just real quick also wanna mention
that Dunkin' Donuts, according to this press release,
has a new shark bite donut.
It's a feeding frenzy for donut fans
who can now put their jaws around this new donut
featuring white icing and special shark shaped sprinkles.
I'm leading this American donut lover to ask why.
Hey, wait, I heard the whole sentence.
Why?
Because what I heard from you is
it's got white icing and special shark shaped sprinkles.
What am I, four?
Why?
Why did you do that?
Why did you do that?
Why did you do the shark bite donut?
I don't understand.
I thought for sure the shark bite donut
would just kind of be a hack where you walk up
and you say, yeah, let me get the raspberry jelly filled.
Just one of those.
I just, you know, I want a little snack
and my blood sugar's running a little low.
Can I get that shark bite style?
And the cashier says, oh yeah, sure.
And they pick it up out of the counter and they go,
and then they take a big old juicy jelly filled bite of that
and just hand it right over.
Oh no, the shark got it.
I would not recommend finishing that.
It is not very good.
So anyway, that's your update.
I just, the shark bite donut, why?
I don't understand why.
Why did it happen?
Yeah.
How about a yahoo?
I got a lot of really good ones.
Yeah, I guess.
Well, is there a good question?
No, it's not.
Sorry, I'm kind of dejected.
Also, I found a picture of a shark bite donut
they did in 2014.
It looks like a life preserver.
That's the thing.
No, it's kind of fun.
But this is different now
because it's just white with shark sprinkles on it.
So is this just all the middles
they have left over from the life preserver donuts?
Presumably, yeah.
Here is a yahoo sent in by Han Malik.
Thank you, Han.
It's yahoo answers user question mark.
Jesus, Papa John asks,
how can I stop YouTube from recommending
Super Mario gaming for me?
I hate Super Mario.
And no matter what,
I keep getting recommendation about these videos.
I click dislike and say, not interested.
I don't like the video.
But I still get anything Super Mario
on my recommended list.
This happens to me on Netflix
where everything I watch,
Netflix is like,
do you want to watch some Frasier now?
And I'm like, why?
We got lots of Frasier clips.
Listen, here's the thing, right?
I get it because I did just finish
watching another episode of Frasier.
And it's like, do you want to watch more Frasier?
And I'm like, yes.
But you were hate watching it
and everybody knew it
because you were laughing like,
can you fucking believe this family?
They're so out of touch.
Well, and that's the thing is like,
when I searched Netflix for like 90 sitcoms
about radio psychologists,
I wasn't looking for Frasier.
And so then I was like,
you think I want to watch this shit?
And so I watched like 20 episodes of it
just to prove Netflix wrong.
Yeah, I hate the Plumber Mario.
And yet somehow every time I get on YouTube
to watch some of my favorite vids
from some of my favorite vloggers,
he's always there.
And he always wants me to watch all of his videos.
Maybe you could search out some videos
of like Mario getting killed.
You know what I mean?
Like Mario catches a fireball right in his dick
over and over again,
like a super cut of Mario dying.
And then YouTube will be like,
oh, you hate Mario.
Yeah, some of those super funny,
like Newgrounds mid-90s Mario violence videos
where like Mario and Luigi getting a big gun fight.
And then it ends with like Mario dodging
a bunch of his bullets.
But then Luigi's right there and he's like,
dodge this.
And he shoots him right in the fucking face.
And you're like, it's really fucking funny
because it's Mario.
Because it's 1996.
And like, we're all still trying to figure it out.
I like Mario.
Okay.
I mean, I'm just saying I find him pleasant.
Yeah.
These days, video games with their fast cars
and their loud music
and they keep having all these like punk characters.
Have you guys played the fast car video game?
The Tracy Chapman fast car game adaptation.
It was unofficially in,
it was the developers of Need for Speed.
But they went ahead and they were like,
we have a lot of fast cars.
And they approached Tracy and were like,
do you want us to just use some of these
for the fast car game?
And Tracy Chapman was like,
yeah, I guess so.
Seems like a weird fit.
Have you all ever made a song video game before?
You're like, well, no.
Because there hasn't been a song called fast car before.
And that's kind of like our whole thing.
If you were going to make Tracy Chapman team racing
and it's a car racer,
always set to Tracy Chapman's fast car.
But all Tracy Chapman's friends are in the game.
Who would you put into like-
Stephen Curtis.
Sorry, you'd put Stephen Curtis Chapman
in the Tracy Chapman racing game.
You'd put contemporary Christian artist
Stephen Curtis Chapman
in the Tracy Chapman video game.
I was going to say like,
I would put-
Tracy Allman.
Desiree in there.
Tracy Allman would be a great fit.
I feel like Lisa Loeb would be an unlockable character.
I feel like Lisa Loeb you'd be able to unlock for sure.
And then like the whole game is,
I think pretty short.
Because you don't have to drive too far.
You just got to cross the border into the city.
And then if you win, you both get jobs
and finally see what it means to be living.
And you will know that that's like the final cut scene.
And Tracy Chapman comes out and, you know, sings.
I mean, it can't fit a lot on it
because I'm imagining this is like a PlayStation 1 game.
And so like the video quality is going to be really,
like 140 pixels of just pure Tracy Chapman singing
while a very fast car speeds into the background,
picking up bonuses and power ups and stuff.
Fuck, this would be a really good game.
Did you not see Griffin?
E3, there's a big release from Bethesda.
I mean, it's not, it's going to be on the next gen console,
but they're bringing it back.
They're bringing back Fast Car 6?
Yeah, this one, it takes,
you can customize your car.
You can customize your Tracy Chapman.
Graphics still look pretty much the same.
They didn't change.
And the song is of course still the same.
But story seems a lot more beefed up.
You know, when's Tracy Chapman going to come out
with a new fast car, right?
Faster car, faster car.
It kicks the ass of that last car.
We thought that car was fast,
but this one's so fucking fast.
You won't believe how fast this one is.
You're going to shit your pants
when you see how fast a faster car goes.
We got to make a decision.
Take that slow dumb car, this new faster one.
It's not a decision.
This one's so much faster, idiot.
It's got a Hemi.
I think that's important.
I don't know, but I paid extra.
Got that nitrous.
Does it have nitrous?
What a dumb question.
Of course it does.
Press the button.
Let's get the fuck out of here and rob a bank.
Rob a bank.
Rob 80 banks and crush a bank.
We got to get baby driver.
Drive this car so fast.
Drive this car off a building.
Drive it straight into another building.
I, I, I, my car just transformed into a robot.
Didn't I mention it does that?
It does that.
It does that.
The rock just punched a torpedo into a slower car,
but that's okay.
That car was so unlike a faster car.
Somebody get Tracy on the phone.
You know that new song you've been looking for?
Listen to this.
Why didn't I ever think of faster car?
Of course.
Coming soon.
Fastest car.
Oh man, let's really take, we've had a long time to enjoy fast car.
I don't want to just skip right over faster car.
Faster car is really good.
Folks, that's going to do it for us.
Thank you so much for listening to our comedy podcast.
Uh, we hope you have enjoyed yourself.
Um, we, uh, do we have anything we need?
I don't think, oh, I, we wrote a book, um, my wife and I, it's called Sawbones.
It's coming out October 9th and you can pre-order that bit.ly forward slash Sawbones book.
It's about medical history, just like our podcast is the same name.
There's also a, an Adventure Zone graphic novel that's coming out so soon, less than a month.
Just a few short weeks away, you can go to TheAdventureZoneComic.com and pre-order that.
And if you would pre-order both those books, we'd sure appreciate it.
Um, speaking of the graphic novel, if you go to McElroyShows.com slash tour, uh, tours,
McElroyShows.com slash tours, we have a bunch of events coming up.
Uh, some live show book tour things we're doing where we're going to be reading parts of it and
doing some Q and A stuff and, uh, also some like book signing things or Griffin's doing one in
Austin in July.
I'm doing one in Newport, Kentucky in August.
Justin and dad are doing one in West Virginia in August.
And then dad and I are doing one in Lexington in August.
So check those out.
McElroyShows.com slash tours.
You can also, I think there's still some tickets for the Orlando My Brother, My Brother, Me show
at the end of August, and maybe a few for the Atlanta My Brother, My Brother, Me show
on September 1st.
All of those you can get at McElroyShows.com slash tours.
I want to say thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters for these four theme song
instead of part drop the album, putting the days to bed.
It's a great album that you should definitely just, you know, have on you at all times,
no matter where you are.
You got it.
You just got to have it ready and, and, you know, willing.
And also thanks to Max Fun for having us on the networking.
Go to maximum fun.org and check out all the great podcasts there.
Shows like the beef and dairy network, tights and fights, the greatest discovery, uh, all
kinds of great shows all at maximum fun.org.
And if you want to check out other stuff that we do, it's all at McElroyShows.com.
Folks, that's going to do it for us.
Griffin, do you have a final Yahoo to take us out on?
Yeah.
Kate Burkland sent this one in.
Thank you, Kate.
It's Yahoo Answers User.
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
So that's what?
4 for 4?
This being the worst fucking website ever.
Uh, this one is asked by Tavis.
This one's asked by Tavis who asks,
Does Mr. Peanut need that monocle?
Or is it just a fashion statement?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
Roast it.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Welcome everyone to the live wrestling spectacular in Los Angeles.
So far, the world's most boring wrestling podcast has been destroying the competition.
Isn't there anyone who can save us from this travesty?
Wait, could it be?
It's Tights and Fights, the perfect wrestling podcast.
Tights and Fights is here to save us from the monotony of boring wrestling podcasts
with hilarious conversations.
Woke trips through the history of wrestling.
And joke about the finer points of people wearing spandex.
What a match!
And the Tights and Fights podcast will be back every week.
Thursdays on Maximum fun.org or wherever you get podcasts.
Please, these hosts have families.
