The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
It's better with you
Hello welcome my brother my brother me and advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy. Hey, what's up? So guys this morning? I was at the gym
you know the the Iron Temple and
I got a message from our
Well the executive producer, I mean the producers all got together, but from mr. Jarmuson and
They just sent over some studio. What was the name? Mr. Jarmuson
Jarmuson did you say? Yeah, there's not as many vowels in it as you'd think and
Mr. Jarmuson asked me to just go over these with you real quick
So I figured we always have a little time in the intro where we don't really say anything funny
So I just go ahead and get these out of the way here. Okay. Yeah. All right
Uh Griffin right off the bat and they said that this is mostly a legal thing
Yeah, now that you live in DC
They've asked you to stop saying that you have a Texas size hunger for things. Oh, man
You can't do that anymore but I mean that my hunger
Was established in Texas like I yeah, have you seen the bowls of chili that they serve there?
It's it's it's fucking wild and they're just worried that at this point it'll be like a legal issue with the state of Texas
But if I go back to eating these very small trendy
metropolitan bowls of chili
Then with all their various beans in it, like it's not gonna it's not gonna fill me up
They made a suggestion. They said that you could say a honking big hunger
Okay, I like that better actually. Yeah. Okay
This is why these produce a lot of people these things down. I think it's good stuff
It's good to get an outside perspective. All right, Justin. They said they they're loving your characters, obviously
Big hit in the studio. They said the lore isn't complicated enough. Oh, you could yeah if you could develop a little bit more
I have actually been deeming my own Taz arc people don't realize Oh within within my brother my brother
Oh, it's a little ARG. It's a rich tapestry
They said to me. Oh god, damn it still not interrupting enough and I don't know how much more. Yeah
I hate interrupting
Yeah, and you don't woman it this is what's fucked up to when we don't record. Yeah
Travis is
Very patient. Yeah, and always waits till someone finishes their thought and then he gives it like five seconds of sign
Talking to Travis is interesting because then he'll be silent for like five seconds as he's like, let me think on that before I respond
But but they don't like that for the show. They said a lot of dead air that they're worried about
So you can just always cut that out though. Well, they said we need to spend less money on editing
So we got to leave a lot more in that was another thing on here
They still want Rachel to do the same amount of work, but not editing. They don't understand
They said put more in to edit out. I don't I don't follow that one so much. Uh, let's see here. They said oh more
About our advertisers operating in defiance of God. They really like that
That was a hit that was a big hit they said both with advertisers and
Our demographic of seven to twenty-eight. It really hit big
Seven year olds hate
God. Yeah, that's so you also read that that one doesn't seem to be a no
It's just scrolled across the top of the email
Okay
They also said you're not enough stunts
Okay, how would we do that in an audio form? Yeah
I tried to explain that to him and they said that's the best part because we could basically do we could say
We're doing a stunt. I mean we are recording. We do see each other on video now
Yeah, fairly recently, you know, which you know, which I think is so interesting that you do know you do know that
Yeah, cuz you're watching it right now. Oh me. Yeah
Yeah, no, they're supposed to be watching the video. I
Always do cuz I want I want to see the jokes come out
So Griffin if you could just do a stunt now
I got a foam roller back there. Should I just pop my back real quick? Yeah, I think that yeah
I think for us that's a stunt
Okay
That's a thinner foam roller than I would and that's on his butt is that whoa
Well, he's like well he's going off-screen now, but it's like a neo it's like a neo matrix thing
He's dodging those see if you guys could see him
It looks like he's being bullied by an imaginary eighth grader. Yeah, like making him lie on the ground
It kind of looked like he was being bullied by an imaginary eighth grader who was shoving him over a smaller imaginary eighth grader
Who had kneeled down behind him? So fucking good though. I am an inch taller
More stunts. They also said we hadn't done enough to incorporate the Chrissy wake up
Like remix song that they did from tick-tock. They said tick-tock integration in general hasn't
We could reference the kid who likes corn
I'm Chrissy wake up. I don't the boy who's very upset by this table and is it being and it being broken?
Well, they said they just wrote here tick-tock equals timeless
Apparently
Counterintuitive, but okay, apparently the more we reference the more timeless it will make our show. Can I give the producers a note?
Yeah, okay
Running running a little long
Producers
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, then I don't think it's fair that this should just go one way
I just want them to know that it's the one last thing just as far as tick-tock integration goes
They missed the bit where we developed our own tick-tock sound where we each said one thing and then people
Sound to use it. So they wanted not being a huge success. Well, but it was critically for the producers
Like within the producer community and I don't just mean ours
So apparently they got together with the other producers and talked about they loved it. That's fast
So Griffin you go first and then Justin sure sure sure. Oh
My style I guess you could say
Now keep it going keep it going Justin I
I can't top Griffin's. This is so vibrant. It's full of life. That is true
Griffin you want to give us another run at it? Yeah, sure. Hey everybody. It's the summertime and you know what that means. Oh
Yeah
You guys remember spongebob squarepants, yeah, that was the don't interrupt the tick-tocks out. Oh, sorry
You guys remember a little show called spongebob squarepants? Well, here's a visual joke about that. Don't I look like one of the characters right now?
Okay, I want to try one I want to try one. All right. Hey, baby, what's going on?
You want to come over to my house and check out this closet full of monkeys?
And so I figured that could but it will be it'll seem like it's a first trap monkeys. Maybe it's stuffies
How about that? How about like? Oh, yeah. Am I a real gamer? Just check out these stuffies. Yeah, that's good
How about that? Like what are you? Uh, do I like Pokemon? Yeah, I guess you could say
I like it a little bit and then there's like a
Grand reveal of all there. Oh, yeah. Yeah right over it
How about like Gundam more like fun dumb? Okay, that one's good. That was a good sound. Yeah
Yeah, okay, Justin. You need to really hit it on one hit it hit us with a six
I think me and Travis have both crushed it on at least one. Yeah, I just haven't okay. Oh
Do something about ghosts people love that shit
Okay here, okay
One of the regular players on whose lines in any way. Yeah, I guess you could say I am and then
And then that tik-tok sound could only be used by like Colin Mochrie. I don't know. Yeah, right
All the gang
Can you give us something like oh, that's a ghost something like that or it's just like something where it's just like the ghost revealed
I'm gonna do a really genetic. Okay. This is like yeah generic is better. Yeah generic people can use that people can use that that's
That's not how you do that wait no no stop that's not how any of this works
Please stop far enough stop it
You're killing him
Now I did notice Justin that was great I love that got less and less generic towards the end there that's the build
Oh, okay. God. I love that. I love that. Okay. Well, we'll let that percolate for like a week
I'll let that go viral now Justin the producers also said that they think you had a
Tell you said that was the last producer bit. No now. I'm the producer. I was okay now. Okay good
It's so tough when we're doing bits. You know it was that a bit. It's so tough. Well, it's just like high performance
You know what I mean? It's like it's so tough when we're doing it
Yeah, I had to have some pre-workout just to get through it. You know what I mean? It's got out in a minute
Oh, it makes my skin tingle, which isn't normal. I don't think that's fantastic. That's great Trav
so right, so I just wanted to like
Say say this story that I wanted to tell you okay, I love when people preface the story like
Okay, so
This is a little long, but hang with so dad texted me a little bit ago
A few few few few days and said hey he sent us all this picture of like weird out coming to the Paramount
Art Center, which is a beautiful venue. It's in Ashland, Kentucky about 1,400 seats if I had to guess
But which is smaller than weird. I would normally play so I was thrilled right he's yeah
I've been to the Paramount Art Center before so I'm like okay definitely gonna go I look on line
It's like basically sold out. There's two shit left
Maybe from for me and Charlie Charlie did raise the point like weird
I was on your TV shit you guys are friends. I'm sure well you to buy a ticket
I like that those two things one of them's true and one of them's not it's like a door in the labyrinth up
He wasn't our TV show he why do you have to buy tickets daddy? You know weird Al and it's like well, honey
Weird Al did appear on our television program
But we don't text fun, so I just bought the tickets cuz I want to support out
I've been a weird Al fan is like the first
Guy I liked right there got me into him and in you know my middle school years and here we are so
Show up to the concert
Emo Phillips is opening are you kidding?
Me I'm just gonna treat myself to a little emo who was
Far too funny hysterical
so then I'm looking around this place is packed and it's packed with like a
few people I could tell her like deep in the paint and then a few other people who are like remember weird Al and
Maybe or maybe they're like season ticket holders, and they're just like there right cuz Paramount Arts Center. It's part of a series
Weird Al comes out and
He's wearing a Hawaiian shirt. Whoa
Um yeah, I know so weird Al comes out, and he says I don't know if you all know
But this tour we are only playing unpopular songs
Yeah, audience bursts into laughter. Oh
Al you cut up. I can't believe
No
He's serious. I love this tour is
Is no pokas no parodies
Just deep cut
originals
Then he is just playing with his I would have loved that show so this man is playing this legend
This icon is playing
His heart out to a by design by the way none of this is unintended
The by this man is playing his heart out to a room full of septuagenarians
Who could not give less of a shit stone-faced?
Nothing from them it is a room full of people that are so disappointed that he's not gonna play beat it and
one thick King who
Feasting
Closest friends are
Troubling it up. Are you really you drop the theme song to UHF on me?
Why can't really you're gonna give me you're gonna give me a
Skipper Dan the song about the guy who's it on the jungle cruise you're doing your out your rage against the machine
Total pastiche, I'll sue ya. Thank you my liege bless us
Sorry, sorry, it's this a extremely protracted harpsichord solo
Really for me what a gift
Can you from room of LTR is gonna stand up there for me Justin McElroy and do a harpsichord solo?
What a blessing thank you my liege bless bless us more and what's the important thing? I think that I don't lose sight of
No one gets up. Yeah, no one leaves. Yeah, even when he plays did he does one song?
That's not an original deep cut. I shit you not it is all right now by free
What okay?
He says I want to do one cover is all right now. Come on. Are you are you with or kidding?
No one left cuz it's a fucking great band and a great songwriter with a lovely tapestry
My man closes my man closes this show
with Albuquerque
God that is designed to irritate me
That is a this is a song where the joke in the song one of the jokes of the song is I forgot where I was
And I'm going to start over in the song and it's designed to irritate people. That's the closer
Amazing. Thank you out. I guess I just wanted to say thank you Al right like thank you Al
Thank you. Thank you
And you're welcome to everybody in there who got to go out to the boneyard with me
My fucking middle school years of listening to the entire album. Yeah, finally paying off. Thank you for this blessing my leash
I do appreciate it
The thing I love most about this and there's so much to love about it
Is that he also has the biopic coming out starting dinner a club
He is about to and this is saying quite a bit. I think be the most like
Mainstream well-known he's ever been and he was like, you know what I'm gonna do
He said at one point he said I don't know if you heard but I have a biopic coming out
Which is wild and I and we wrote a new song for it, which I would love to play for you here
So everyone at that point is like, yes. Yes. Yes. Give it to us King. Thank you some new
material
fantastic
They count it off two three four and then the song stops the lights come up and he says but we can't
The lawyers would get really upset about it
Yes, yeah, he ain't convinced it right out of right and then that's what he said
I have the theme song to my last movie and I'll play that and he played UHF. Fantastic. I love
Sir it was a it was such a great show. What a talent
I
I'm sure if he had known I was there. Yeah, he would have given a little and if he and known who I was
And he would have brought you up you think and remember if he had remembered that he had been on our show
If he had interacted with you in the show anyway, I'm sure he would have liked
Justin get up here
Let me be your hog man get up here you don't love me anymore get up here
He did one more minute. Are you kidding me? Wow, one more minute. What a show
Oh, I didn't even tell you the wildest part before Albuquerque his 13-minute closer
My man does like an eight-minute doors
tonal pastiche called Craigslist that has like a
Three-minute long psychedelic freak out. We're just watching a bunch of 60 year old men on stage
Cranking out a Doris fantasy
Loving it for the ride. Yeah, baby. Yes, Charlie who is a
Something of a weird out fan what her favorite song in the whole show was cuz she didn't know
Any of them and she said my favorite song was the song where they did the flower colored lights
That they were shining around the doors. Okay, that was for the kids
That was the highlight for the kids is we had some colorful lighting
Fantastic. We can see this show it is outrageous. You will you will have such a good time. Anyway, that's my plug
for we hold on I have to tell you the name of the tour of
this of this particular tour is the
Unfortunate return of the ridiculously self-indulgent ill-advised vanity to her that's good. That's my dream. I that's my dream
I hope to one day get up and just do unpopular bits. Oh, yes. We've got a couple of those remember the Detroit
Yeah, but what if we could pay a bunch of thirsty noobs just drink up lap up our our our
Bonus material. Okay. So this is an advice show. Obviously so advice go see weird Al on this tour. It's fantastic
Fantastic. So if you can get tickets, yeah, good luck. Yeah, the next piece of advice is coming right now
I love car washes specifically the automatic ones that have all the colored lights and bubbles
I've always liked them now. I'm living in the city and I don't need a car
So I haven't been through one. Is it weird to call an uber and ask them to go through the car wash?
I would pay for it. So it seems like a win-win
That's from car wash conundrum in New York City and I need us. I need a second
Yeah, here's what's fascinating to me, right? Because this question is maybe one of the most clear examples of the question
Is it weird having a couple different connotations, right? Is it right out of the ordinary? Yes
Yes, obviously if it wasn't that would not be writing this you wouldn't you knew you knew that going in
I don't think that the average uber slash Lyft writer writer
Has done this. Is it weird to the point where the driver would say?
No, I don't think so. I think if you could chain it together with something else, right?
You can't just put car washes your destination because then right drop you off at the car wash
It has to be like oh, let me add a stop real quick the car wash now
You do need to say something ahead of time or else it's going to sound like a nasty dig
Oh
Quick because your whip is so dusty. It looks like it looks like it just climbed out of a mummy tomb
That's gonna be insulting
But if you get in the car and you're like, hey
I know that I put Trader Joe's in here as my destination
but I do want you to know that you have won the contest the
Prize is a free car wash on me and we'll go to one that's really far away
So we'll run that fare. Yeah all the way to fuck up and this is just for you
I don't think your car is very dirty. I decided I was gonna do this before I saw your car
But I'll even get a rain. You have no judgment. Is there another way that you can fulfill this?
dark urge other than
Ridesharing I mean the only other way I could think of is to go to an automatic car wash and then wait
So you see someone get in line for it? And then you're like, hey, is that cool if I hop in? I love this shit
This is my favorite thing and I'm not gonna I have no knife. I know
This rush album that I need you to crank up and let's lean the seatbacks open up that sunroof and let's enjoy that
Well, don't open it up
Obviously that would create a whole mess of problems
Hey
No, all right
CLN
RYD
clean ride
This is your app. Oh, this is your dream. Oh disruption future. This is your destiny. It's like uber
but instead of coming to pick you up I
Come to your house and I take your car through the car wash for you. I bring it back
You didn't have to do anything. You call a ride. I'll be at your house
I'll take your car. I'll wash your car for you. I'll bring it back. You pay me now Justin. Here's my worry
This is there's no worry. It's actually this is a really good idea. Yeah good for our show
clean ride
I'm worried about publishing this and someone drinking our milkshake on it because this is a good
App that could really disrupt it. This show is not about money Travis. What is as our as our as our
Several minutes of promotional materials at the end of every episode will attest we don't care about money
No care about ideas. Yeah and furthering the human experiment and that's what we're achieving with clean ride
You're like the Socrates of podcasts. You could be at a position where you've given us all your personal information
Yeah, hey this you've bought like we call them we call them ride bucks
I don't want you to just pay in the app. You have to buy ride bucks and you can buy them at like any Duncan
in
Okay, we don't want Apple to take a cut right crypto no, you can't use crypto
We don't want Apple to take a cut. So it's a different phone from your regular phone. Oh, wait, so you okay
So you buy a phone loaded with ride bugs?
You remember like cricket cricket wireless like I don't think they're still around but they probably do have a bunch of phones
so we'll use those and those are now clean ride or
soapy boys
Clean ride feels a little antiseptic to me. I'm worried that it's not going to engender trust in people
But soapy boy soapy boy, like let me call my soapy boy
and whip washers
Soapy boys better
Boys, I feel like it's a gendered thing Griffin that's gonna get in the way where whip washers. That's the universe
That's a that's too hip though. Only the Gen Z people will know what a whip is
Let's maybe clean ride, let's see how that sticks
So we'll go you go to a Duncan or a BP and you get a clean ride phone
That yeah, and you can't know listen, you'll just use it doesn't make calls
You can't use it to summon clean ride, but you can recharge it. Oh, it's really new more ride bucks
three times, three times. Can I jailbreak it and get some emulators going or what's up. You can but be careful because it does not have
At this iteration. Yeah, it does not have charging capabilities on the on the on the so when you say recharge it
You mean reload it with money not
Well, they have those special European outlets at Duncan's and that's what you need
So wait, is there a tie-in with Duncan here? I'm confused. I'm just picking something that there's a lot of right we could do
Duncan we could do
Bank
Orange Julius the bank anywhere that you might see a Tesla charger fire state fire house fire
Houses anywhere people go a lot to shop or or commute. Yeah, whatever
Part so that's your business. That's like a free business idea from from from me to you
You can just do whatever you want with that. No problem
That was close because that was almost a good business idea, but we ruined it. So yeah
So I have a wizard that with a wizard sim sent me this well Lucia sent me this one
It's a wizard wisdom and I would love to read it all to you. It is from the wiki house service
it's from dating coach
Imad Jabara and
It is what does stink mean in a relationship?
Did your partner call you stink and now you're scratching your head trying to make some sense of it
It's reasonable if you're a little lost on this one stink isn't a super popular nickname
So it's fair that you'd be looking for help here. That's where we come in
well, you started like an ironic thing like calling a big guy tiny or
Calling a clean person sticky. I mean we'll get to that
Um, that's where we come in in this article. We're gonna break down what this means
We'll also cover all the other ways someone might use stink in a convo
So, you know each and every way this word can be used. Okay, but it is just stink
That form of the word is just a noun, right?
It's also a verb. It's both things you stink. Okay. Yeah, I guess so
What does it mean if your partner calls you stink in a relationship? Your stink is like your boo
This isn't a very common phrase, but if your partner calls you their stink
It's sort of a sweet nickname like babe love or sweetheart
There's a slight hint of teasing with stink that isn't there with other nicknames
But it's almost always meant in good fun. For example, your partner might say, you know, you're my main stink, right?
I could never love anyone. Oh my god. Yes. This is Melissa. She's my stink
Hey stink, you want to cuddle and watch a movie tonight?
I use stink the same way you'd use any playful pet name if you want to use stink as a nickname
You'd use it the same we use any cute flirty name for your partner
Just keep in mind
This isn't a crazy popular slang term and your partner may not take it the right way if they've never heard it use this way
Before you might say hey there stink. What's going on? You're my favorite lovebug my cute little stink
Stink want to order a pizza tonight?
Hey stink stink it's it's used that way out of context even in a
Obscure context where I feel like it borders on the insult now
I looked it up on Urban Dictionary because about 18 times this article has already said that it's not a common thing
And I'm like, is it common in the way that it's zero and I looked it up
But now here's where it could get confusing. Okay on Urban Dictionary says it's an affectionate name for a close friend or relative
Wow, so you two are my strengths, right?
So if I said this is my stink Melissa Melissa might be like I thought we were more closer
I thought we were more than stink. I thought we were are we just sink to you Derek?
Because Derek we've been intimate this next tip sucks. Ask your partner what they mean if you aren't sure well, no
That's not that's a real purpose though
I would say I would love to avoid if someone said you stink and I said like I love you, too
And they're like no you stink like shit, right? That would be I would like to avoid that
That's a good rule for all relationships
If you don't understand what the person that you are in a relationship with is saying
It's really important that you not ask them yet to clarify or expound on it because well, this is an article
That's like roof. Well, I'm sorry Griffin. I'm I've been married for a really long time
So I'm kind of giving out some gold
You do ever ask your partner to clarify their feelings or like explain how they're feeling or ask any questions
Then you're that's like a sign that you're not communicating. Well, so you're
If you just understand it if you just understand it without asking or pretend you understand
Right, you understand it to save the relationship. That's most of a good relationship is pretending right? We can all agree you pretend
Constantly, I don't think this is good advice. You don't think so
Like if your partner says you stink, you know, like I love hey guys. I don't love that. But I'm hey guys. Yeah
It's stink normally refers to a bad odor. Oh
Okay. All right. A lot of this is really stuck. Okay, it's opened up now. Yeah
Yeah, now I get up a stink might also refer to a tantrum or outburst if someone's raising a stink or causing a stink
It means they're making a lot of noise
Giving someone I was gonna refuse that until you gave the examples where I was like, I've never heard someone say
Well, they're really throwing a stink over there. Yeah now I do want to start saying that
This it's trying to become more grounded this article here toward the back half
Except for this next part giving someone a stink might refer to an attitude or a mean look ever hear of the stink
I it's a term for the look someone does when they're annoyed and want you to stop whatever you're doing
You first of all a very serious illness that we don't talk enough about frankly like we talk a lot about pink
I but not enough about stink. I same cause but one smells pretty bad some folks abbreviate that to stink
No one does that. No, are you mad at me for something? You were giving me the stink from across the room. Oh my
That is a good way to defuse an argument though, cuz you're gonna say that they're gonna be like wait, hold on all that aside
What what did you just say? No, no, I know. Yeah. Yeah, you know, did you just say I was giving you?
Give me the stink and then last tip is says some shit about pheromones, but I think the most important thing is that
We all need to be using this word a lot more because it's very powerful
Stink is such a great word. Like I wish I'd been there the first time that someone smelled bad and somebody's like this
Stinks and everyone would look at them like yes. Yes. That's the word. I know exactly what you mean by that
I know what you mean by that. Do not define it. Do not explain it. I will know our relationship is in trouble
But then some woman looks at her husband is like I don't that's what we use. That's the word we use
We can use it for both, people will get it. People will understand. If you'd been there, you could have been you could have sprinted home and been like, honey, stink
You'd be like what? No, I heard it today. It's a great word. Does it mean something smells bad? Yes. Yeah, right? Stink
The same guy also said puke. That's like when the stuff comes out of your mouth. Yeah, exactly
You got it. The wet mouth poop. Yes. Yes
It's puke now. I love that. We're going with puke
I love this Victorian garbage pail kid that you guys have. Yeah, I've been calling it vomit. No, no, no too clinical. We're going with puke
No, no, no, no, no, not dick glue. Jizz. That's fun. And I can use these Z's and Scrabble finally
I was gonna go with cum, but that sounds like it could get so confusing so often that I don't even know why we decided to even flirt with that idea
Well, a sixth grader suggested it because they wanted to giggle in class. Yeah, all the time
But I think jizz. No one's gonna use jizz. Hey, it's me George Lucas. Damn it. Damn it
Okay, how about another question brothers? Is it time for questions? No, God, we've been recording for so long
We gotta stop the fun to do other different fun and take a trip to the money zone
Hooray!
Honey? Yeah? Stink? Yes. Okay, thank you. I want to tell you about honey. Listen, I'm not gonna joke. There's no jokes here
I'm not gonna joke. I'm gonna be very serious
I'm gonna use my big boy serious voice to tell you that today's episode is sponsored by honey the easy way to save when shopping on your iPhone or computer
You guys know about this? You hear about this? Hey, you hear about this in the news? You put honey on your computer
Now I know what you're thinking. Pour honey on my computer? No, you silly billy goat. I said no jokes
Honey is something you download onto your computer or phone. Don't pour honey on your phone
Take it from me. It's a mistake
It's a free shopping tool that scours the internet for promo codes and applies the best one it finds to your online cart
What do you guys think? Sound good to you?
Why are you asking? Yes, why are you asking? Of course it's good
Well, I was just trying to get you guys engaged. I'm doing all the work over here
Just do the ad Travis
Okay, wow. Just do it
Okay, when you check out
The honey button appears. Faster! The honey button appears and all you have to do is click apply coupons and watch prices drop
Honey doesn't just work on desktop. It works on your iPhone too. Just activate it on Safari on your phone and save on the go
I know you're wondering when I click the honey button doesn't it make my finger sticky and my answer is stop being such a fucking prude
Like live a little try some try some new stuff out
Now Griffin you love honey you used honey to buy your weird paraphernalia for your body in your home, right?
Yeah, I think I actually used it to buy my foam roller that I just used earlier
I got a sick fucking deal on it. Hell yeah dude
And I got a skateboard that I bought with it
Yeah, I bought a skateboard and honey got me a bunch of money off it
And then I got I didn't you know what I didn't buy though a helmet because I never crash
Whoa, alright. Oh wow. Yeah
If you don't already have honey. So I've been sketching on buses and I sketched a bus all the way to the White House and then
And then you went on a date with the president's daughter. I went on a date with the president
Thanks to honey I got a discount skateboard I sketched all the way to the White House and then I
Can I say I fucked Joe Biden?
There's a lot of people who seem to want to
Yeah
A lot of people say that and they say and but I don't think they mean it in a good way
God coming to theater, Griffin let's make a movie called My Date With Joe
It's just like you and Joe on a completely platonic just like living in a
Well assumed platonic I do think there needs to be a conversation at some point where the sparks start flying and it's like
What are we? Are we stank?
Is this stank? Hey is this stank? I've never experienced stank before is this stank? Is this stank?
What am I stank?
So if you don't already have honey you could be straight up missing out and by getting it you'll be doing yourself a solid
And supporting this show
Get honey for free at joinhoney.com slash brother that's joinhoney.com slash brother
I had to mail a letter the other day
Gross
What is this Paul Revere Times?
And I went and I was like where are the stamps? Where are the stamps? We just moved did we pack up stamps?
And then it turns out that we did and so I got them out of where we had kept them and I put it on the letter and I sent it off
But for a minute there I thought we didn't have stamps and I was confronted with this possibility I would have to go to the post office
Relatable hashtag relatable
You don't need to say that
Hashtag pound sign pound sign relatable
And the holidays are sneaking up on us stamps.com has told us in the copy
I guess it is are we on that Christmas creep here in August?
Because that feels excessive I guess I smell the pine in the air
And you're gonna have to send off a lot of shit and that means post office trips basically every day
And nobody wants that nobody wants to do that so stamps.com is like a 24-7 post office you can access from anywhere
No lines no traffic no hassle you get access to the USPS and UPS shipping services you need to run your business right from your computer
Hell yeah hashtag blessed
And rates are constantly changing with stamps.com switch and save feature you can easily compare carriers and rates so you know you're getting the very best deal every time
Hashtag Chrissy wake up
Travis the hashtag the joke that you don't understand how fucking hashtags work is so busted dude
It's like fucking late night with Jimmy Fallon fucking 2009
No shut up it's a 13 year old fucking joke it sucks do you understand that?
Even though it hasn't come back around to the other side yet
What's a hashtag with the hashtag hash browns stop that
It's working on me the bad news is if I keep laughing he's gonna keep doing it so I gotta rein it in
Get ahead of the holiday chaos this year get started with stamps.com today
Sign up with promo code my brother for a special offer that includes a four-week trial plus free postage and a free digital scale
No long-term commitments or contracts just go to stamps.com click the microphone at the top of the page and enter code my brother
This week the greatest discovery becomes greatest trek
That's because greatest trek is for way more than just discovery
We're the hit show on maximum fun that covers all the new Star Trek shows lower decks strange new worlds Picard prodigy discovery
And any other Star Trek show Paramount throws at us
Come check it out for our funny and formative recaps of all the new stuff this Star Trek industrial complex churns out
It's in your podcatcher every Tuesday
Subscribe to greatest trek it's a new Star Trek podcast from the makers of the greatest generation
Hey there, it's Annabelle Gurwitch and I'm Laura House we host tiny victories the 15-minute podcast
That's about the little things getting into the tiny victory frame of mind is about recognizing minor accomplishments and fleeting joys
Isn't it a wonderful day when the first password you try actually works when it's freezing cold outside and toasty as I'll get out in my shower
My tiny victory is that I turn off the water and get on with my day
We can't change this big dumb world, but we can celebrate the tiny wins
So join us on maximum fun or wherever you listen to podcasts. Let's get tiny
Give me another question J-Man. Oh, unless you have one of your classic bits here
Here comes a classic Justin bit. I had a classic I had a classic story next next week
I think we will finally be I've been on pins and needles over here on PSL watch and I do it just as a public service as of
August 25th the end of nominee 2022. There is no pumpkin spice date yet
Yeah, it could be any minute though. I mean Mike I'm refreshing this page because that'll be a huge event
But we're not there yet. So let's just do questions. I recently started a new job as a vet tech things are going well
Or so I thought this morning. I brought in a beautiful homemade peach pie to share with my co-workers and no one had any
I told people I made it to share and I took the first piece. Okay, that's one. Yes
You did the exact right first thing to indicate that it's open for business have to yeah. Otherwise people assume it's a gift
No one even picked at the perfectly flaky crust what never being faced with leftovers before
I left my almost full pie dish and serving knife there in the break room. I have the next two days off
Do I go back for my pie? Do I wait and hope someone mercifully tosses it while I'm gone?
Should I put in my can't wait yet to go back to work?
Can I put two weeks because I never felt such rejection and don't know how to recover
That's from peach perplexed and Peoria. This is a fucking good question. This this is a good one. I like don't quit over there
Don't wait in this economy. There's a that's there's never been a better time to quit so that that is actually bad. Oh, okay
First of all, let's just say vet tech is it a very important job obviously, but it's not as like
Like cyberpunk as it sounds which is unfortunate
Like you're not making a lot of dogs when I hear vet tech like I want someone to put like a you know a hacker deck
Inside of my cat's forearm or something. Yeah, obviously
So that's a that is disappointing to me from this from the start Mike. I guess my next question is a peach pie
is
Is a gooey a lot it can be a lot of work
So did you priest did you pre slice the slices because that's a big issue for me of like am I gonna slice is a really
Small piece and people look at me and be like what's wrong with your small piece of pie?
I bet you have a small wiener to something like that or if you make a slice of pie
They're like I for a big wiener boy
Yeah, save some for the fish and I'm like I
I did you have plastic cutlery or real cutlery and like plates set out like you need to remove every barrier between
Your co-workers and having pie in their mouths
You're 100 the ideal for a pie if you're bringing in a sharer a pie is a rough one a pie is real rough
I mean even a cake cookies are an obvious one
Tiny pies
But like it's really hard with a pie because there's a lot going on first off in its ideal
Design a pie feeds eight
Right. You could tell me it depends on how big no no no no as designed
The perfect pie slice is one eighth of the pie, right pie is actually stands for a it's a it's like Greek
It's the Greek number for pie. Nobody's gonna nobody wants to be the first like you took a slice out
That's huge. Perfect, but it's really hard if you just see a pie there and it's like are there plates?
I'm looking around are there plates are there forks is it sliced?
I mean, I think in a future scenario you can help yourself by being like, hey, can I cut you a slice?
Oh, that's nice. A little thirsty maybe a little yeah
But especially if you're new there is also I will say this if you bring in baked good from home
There's a chance that it is not good. No, I'm not saying yours is yours is yours is good
But you're saying that that home baked goods right hand
Be gross. And so I think you do need to be a little thirsty to get the ball rolling now
I will also say this question asker you didn't ask this
But as someone who likes to bake and would often bring baked goods in when I worked at the theater
You do need to be careful because if it's good
Now it's good and you do it like twice. I think you set a precedent of them being like
Are you gonna bring in another pie? When are we gonna get some more of that pie?
Huh? Do you do cake too? Oh, I'd love and it's gonna be a thing of like
I miss when you used to bring in pot and it's just like that was one time five years ago
And you could get like an added eventually people start to make you into a character
I've had this of like, oh
He's a fantastic bake Justin's a fantastic baker. Where do you try these and I'm like, no, they're garbage actually
I hate you. Yeah, I hate these I get a shit job on me
These are shit made in a crust and they made him wear a big white
Chef hat at the office and speak with a French speak French accent and French words
And he wasn't good at that part of it. And so Justin stopped baking
Entirely because they wanted him to they said be the ghost from ratatouille and
And Justin was like, I don't want to be the ghost from ratatouille
No, I mean Gusteau. Next time, next time here's what you do
You make some of my world-famous caramel snack mix and nobody if anybody wraps their lips right
You guys have tried it, right?
Yeah, but is that a bowl people are reaching their dog hair covered hands into Justin?
Yeah, have a scoop and tiny bowls Travis even that I I was to say I've worked
Is this gonna be funny?
Well, it was a dog grooming place
Are you gonna tell us about the expressing anal juices?
Okay, dog hair and peach pie is actually a thing, right?
This is what I say
If I'm tending to a diuretic emu for example
Who's just like big tall bird shitting everywhere and you're like, do you want some pie?
It's like look at me. I got my hand up a rhinoceros his asshole trying to impress
This is escalating it went from dog hair to emo to fisting a rhinoceros
Not emo
Emo Phillips is fine and he does not need me to impregnate him
He goes to a person doctor
He doesn't need you to Justin
I wish you, I would love to bear your children
That's fantastic
It's gonna be heartbroken when he finds out about the vasectomy
He's gonna be so sad
Man, if you all could see this
Did you?
You had a vasectomy
If you all could see how pleased Justin looks with himself and realizing how good he is at this emo Phillips impression
It's always thrilling when you find that you have one
When you have a good one inside you
He's there
Yeah, yeah
I'm also just realizing that taco in addition to my friend Michael Beck is heavily emo Phillips inspired
100%
Even a cobbler
A cobbler
You can't fuck up the serving size of a cobbler
Oh I see you've got a patch in your loafers, allow me to cobble them
Wow Justin, you're busting yourself up today
I was just thinking about opening a cobbler shop
Just like, bring your old beat down Nikes and I'll take them apart as they disintegrate in my hands
What you do is you got shoes on one side and baked goods on the other
You're selling cobblers, you're cobbling cobblers to make cobbler shoes
I love it
Now I will say this, here's the catch 22 by the way
In case anyone gets the same impulse to bake a pie for a new workplace
Buy a dozen donuts, it will be a way bigger hit and way less effort
And that sucks
It does suck
Because you should get rewarded for like, I worked so hard on this pie
Great
But a dozen donuts will be a way bigger hit
You can save more donuts
If you are somebody who does a hobby that you share with people
This happens with woodworking all the time, if I make someone a woodworking gift
They will never display the amount of gratitude I need them to do
To account for the literal dozens of man hours that it took me to make this thing
And baking is the same way
You got to make it because you love it, because no one's going to honor that time that you've spent on that in the way that you want to do
No way
You could have got it at Kroger, they don't know
They don't know that you hand, unless they do
And if they definitely do, then maybe it's time to go back to Piesquare
Different workplace
Yeah, I think your original instincts may have been right on this one
Yeah, we came back around to it, but you're right
Find an easier job for real
Sell your pies on Etsy or something, people are doing that left and right
Yeah
Are they? Can I buy a pie on Etsy? Hold on guys, I got to go
I think you can buy whatever you want on Etsy
I really want to do this one briefly
I got super high
I bought a gun on Etsy
I got super high
Do you guys want to hear about my Etsy? It says live laugh love on it
And it's got seashells glued to it
I got super high and decided to reach out to people I hadn't talked to in a long time
The question actually says I decided to reach out to you people I hadn't talked to in a long time
Which is like, you did not reach out to us, I would have remembered this
I was feeling good about myself, but when I woke up I realized I hadn't given an explanation
Just a single word, hey, around midnight
Nice
Is there any way I can fix this?
Most of these people I hadn't talked to in over five years
Did they respond?
They did not clarify if there had been any responses
Now I can say, I mentioned Derek earlier
He was somebody I knew as a child
He clogged real good
He was an amazing clogger
I brought him to church once
They set up a stage and he clogged to Janet Jackson's If at my church
Come on
Fucking hell
It was so fucking fresh
Anyway, I haven't talked to Derek in ten years
But I was at this Weird Al concert
And then I got, later on that evening I got a little elevated
As one does
And I decided I gotta get elevated
Elevated
Well no, Travis, that makes it sound like the Weird Al music got Justin completely fucked up
No, it got him part of the way there
It did, but then I got home and I was like, I was a little bit, and I was like
So I sent a Facebook message that's like, hey, just wanted to see how you're doing
Went to a Killer Weird Al show tonight
I mean, I didn't realize until after I sent it that a lot of typos was 1145 at night
Also have never sent him a Facebook message or anything else before ever
And was casually talking to him as though we had texted earlier that morning
But then
No response
It sucks
Still trying to find him actually
Can't find old Derek, but I'm sure he's out there somewhere
Well, this is not an invitation for our audience
Please don't
You could then text him again like, I said hey
Double down on it
Hey is the worst
Hey at midnight
God almighty, what a boner
It's just as bad as it could be, eh?
It's as bad as it could be
Because there's no read on that that is flattering to you
Like the best read on that is like
No one is going to be like, I'll consider it
I'll consider it
Especially there's the context of the time
It was like 5 p.m.
It could be like, maybe they just had a question
Maybe they just had a question specific for me
And they wanted to see if this is still my number
Midnight, they're high
The best case for you, or they think you got hacked
And that's best case for you
And maybe this is a good way for you to get your foot in the door
Is 72 hours later, you text them again
Just like, hey, I got hacked
So don't click on that, hey
You know the problem with that? It's a lie
It's a lie
Oh, okay
Hey, text him this
I got hacked by Hi Travis
Weed hacked my body
And made me contact you
It's just like, hey, I'm sorry I sent you a random hey
I was extremely high, but I did miss you
That part was earnest
I hope you're well
Oh, shit
Okay, Justin, take it a little bit
Say, I got contact high
And when they're like, what?
Well, that's when I got high and I contacted people
And now it's a good joke
That's a good joke
And now you're like, you're back in it, right?
The room's warm
The room's warm, I love it
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast
My Brother, My Brother and Me is the name of it
It's every Monday and it has been for
Time immemorial
12 years, something like that, well over 12 years
So thank you for continuing to support us
Travis, what we got going on, bud?
What we got cooking out there?
Well, I think the most exciting thing is this weekend
We're going to be in Atlanta for Dragon Con
You can get all the details at bit.ly slash McElroy Tours
We have the whole schedule up there
We have events starting on Friday and going through Monday
There's like, we're doing like photos and signings
We got panels, all kinds of stuff
Go check it out
We're also like, Rachel's gonna be there
Teresa's gonna be there
Dad's gonna be there
It's gonna be all kinds of stuff
So check that out
bit.ly slash McElroy Tours
And a lot of those, the photos by the way
I believe you have to pre-purchase
So go check that out now and get that done
We also have the schedule that you can, you know
Like take a screenshot or save or whatever
Over at the McElroy Family social media accounts
Which is at the McElroy Family on Instagram
Or just McElroy Family on Twitter
We got some cool merch
The Garo plushie and the If God's Not Dead
How Do You Explain These Gangs shirt
And 10% of all merch proceeds this month
Go to the Center for Reproductive Rights
All of that at McElroyMerch.com
And more
We got pre-orders for the Taz 11th Hour
Open now
Just go to theadventurezonecomic.com
And pre-order that
The 20 Rendezvous Fancy Takes Flight Tour
Tickets for all shows are on sale now
at bit.ly slash McElroy Tour
We've got the shows coming up in San Jose
On September 29th and 30th
That's the Adventure Zone
And My Brother, My Brother, Me respectively
And then on October 1st
We're gonna be in Denver
Doing My Brother, My Brother, Me
And then we got November shows
In Washington, Detroit, and Cincinnati
Mask, improve full vaccination
Or negative COVID test
Within 72 hours of event start is required
Thank you to Montaigne
For the use of our theme song
My Life is Better With You
Montaigne's got a new album coming out
I believe later this week
September 2nd
In like two or three days
Called Making It
That you can pre-order now
Get yourself some merch
With a dope-ass design on it
And get a great fucking album
For you to bounce to
Do not sleep on it
So get that
And that's it, right?
Thanks to Maximum Fun 2
For having us on that
That's it
Now we just need Griffin
To give us like an inspirational quote
To kind of roommate it on
Is that what we decided last time?
Yeah
Yeah, you're gonna inspire everybody
It is, are you sure?
Yeah, just something
Off the top of your heads
It's like inspirational
To millions of people
Okay
Okay, twist it up tonight
You think you can't
But can you?
My name is Justin McElroy
I'm Travis McElroy
I don't know what
Twist it up tonight
Sounds like this could be
It actually sounded like
The beginning of a bop it game
This has been my brother
My brother and me
Kids Who Dance Square
Twist it, bop it tonight
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
It's a battle with you
