The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everyone, and welcome to a much more distinguished My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
Salutations. I am your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. Now, let me sip this tea.
Kindest, warmest greetings and regards. I'm Professor Griffin McElroy.
Professor.
And my voice sounds different, not because I'm sick, but because I'm distinguished and
talking to you through a mahogany pipe full of rich and sweet tobacco.
Yes. We are, of course, a little different because now we are, how you say, authors.
We've been on a book tour, as they say in the biz.
We've gone through the change that happens once you are published. It's called Puberty.
Puberty? Because we've been public.
That's very good.
Thank you very much.
And now that you have seen we are number one New York Times bestselling authors
on the paper book list, they make you mention that.
And some people say-
Yeah, a lot of people would say paperback, but when you're a number one author,
they let you say it incorrectly.
So you have to forgive Justin for his confusion.
We've had nothing to eat for the past 12 days, but fresh baguettes and the lack of
vitamins is really starting to get- just cappuccinos and fresh baguettes.
Cappuccinos and fresh baguettes.
So many cappuccinos.
Some people have said, so you're a bestselling author now, I have to tell them
anyone on the list is a bestseller. I am a number one bestselling author of a book my dad mostly
wrote called The Adventures of- and then they leave before my sentence is even finished.
I went to college for five years because I got a D in Spanish.
Anybody can be a New York Times bestselling author.
I mean, fucking literally anybody can just let their dad write ones of a book.
Yeah, get a really talented artist to do a lot of pictures.
Get an extremely talented artist to do the heavy lifting.
So nobody notices it's a version of your podcast that you did about-
That they've already heard.
That they've already heard.
Oh my God.
Those baguettes taste the same either way, don't they?
It's fine to be on the New York Times bestselling list for paperbacks.
That's fine.
But I didn't write 15% of this book for the money because when you split it five ways,
there isn't a lot.
But the other thing is I didn't write this book for money.
I wrote it for a claim.
I want to be on the list of- is there one that's like fanciest books,
like our favorite books for this fancy time?
Bestselling book.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I'll say this about the book.
It's got a lot of great jokes, great story, very cool art, some real badass fights.
The smell is unremarkable.
The smell, there's no sort of leathery notes, no smells of rich tobacco like this very fine
pipe I've been smoking for a while, which again explains the voice.
And yeah, I suggested to the publisher that we get some sort of scent spray,
some sort of body spray that we could sort of get on the books.
But they said it would be a big soggy mess.
Man, I sound fucking terrible, huh?
I think you sound great.
No, I sound like a fucking human didgeridoo.
I wrote 15% of a book that mostly my daddy wrote because I'm hoping it opens some doors
for me, specifically the door to the 33 Club at Disneyland.
That's really why I wrote, I spent two years sort of working on this book just because
I want to go to the 33 Club in Disneyland.
It is literally the only thing that I want in my life.
I have two life goals.
One, get season three of Pete and Pete out on DVD.
Two, get into the 33 Club.
My whole thing was that I just wanted to get, the New York Times list is great.
We also placed number seven on the USA Today list and that was where I really wanted to
land was above Dan Brown.
And we did that by one spot with a bullet.
He was number eight.
And so it allowed me to finally say out loud, eat my ass, Dan Brown.
Huff my shorts, Dan Brown.
I did it.
Here's a Da Vinci code for you.
I beat your book.
Dan Brown had to accept it.
Yeah, he got nothing to do about it.
Here's a Da Vinci code for you.
Up, up, down, down, B-A, eat my ass.
I beat you.
And there's nothing you can do about it.
Hey Dan Brown, solve my dick.
Hey, solve my dick.
Tom Hanks is mine now.
Katharine Stata-Jones is mine now.
Mine.
Is Stevie King with your book The Outsider?
Sure, it's been out for a few months now and a lot of people have bought it already, but hey.
So we're going to be fucking insufferable for a little bit, but I promise you that
The Shine is going to come off the Apple eventually.
I will say I have noticed that there are some books on that bestseller list where it's like
weeks on the list like 48, 72.
I expect to be off it by next week.
There's no questione in my mind.
We are off that motherfucker by next week.
There's no conceivable reality that the world has not righted itself.
The sound you heard last Tuesday was a bunch of glasses being pushed up Moses like,
Oh no, how could they? Please, everyone, buy regular books.
Yeah, by next week you'll just hear a loud slide whistle as we slide back down to the bottom.
A loud academic sigh of relief.
It's great.
I got really nervous for a second when you said that, Juice, because I have done a lot of press
since the big announcement where I called our book the Titanic of books because I thought it
was going to stay, but now I realize that can still be true in a way, but just referring to
a different sort of Titanic.
The real one.
Oh boy, we should get going.
I think I've got probably about 45 minutes of voice juice in me.
Delicious voice juice.
Not gross at all is what it says on the label.
Let's all take a sip of voice juice and enjoy out kidding aside.
Thank you for if you're listening.
It's unfucking believable like y'all have come out and supported us in the past,
but like this is this is obviously new echelon.
It feels like I can kind of be honest.
It feels like less this gesture in particular feels like less a supportive
move for us and more of a prank on earth.
Like it feels like the like you're like you're trolling earth, which is great.
Like no, no, no complaints here.
Uh, here we go.
Let's help earth on a break from work today while cycling down a fairly
well-traveled road.
I found a wallet brothers.
This wallet was stacked trying to do the right thing.
I picked up the wallet.
I found an ID there in and immediately sent the owner a message on Facebook so
that I could return the seriously comically overpacked wallet.
They're very they really want to reinforce.
This is a thick wallet.
Here's the thing upon trying to work.
Upon trying to work, I discovered that I too had lost the wallet.
Oh my God.
No, come on.
Oh no.
I traced back over my bike route to no avail.
The owner hasn't yet responded to my message, but brothers, what do I do?
And he does.
Oh my God.
Holy fucking shit.
That's from a properly panicking in Portland.
That's the worst story I've ever heard in my entire life.
This is the end.
That's the worst thing I've ever heard in my entire life.
It's the worst imaginable situation.
That's the worst thing.
There is no way for you to respond when this person responds to you
without sounding like you've decided to keep the wallet.
There is no way.
Wow.
Fuck.
All right.
Let's all right.
Now we've we've indulged ourselves in this panic.
Sometimes it feels good to sort of be part of the panic,
but now let's see if we can't help them dig out.
The truth ain't gonna cut it.
Truth will not set you free.
Truth will put you jail.
Actually this one.
Because truth will sound like a lie?
Yeah.
Now you had some time at that wallet and it is important that you start right now.
You should have started immediately as soon as you realized that you forgot.
Start sort of writing down everything you know about the wallet.
I'm talking about get a fucking professional sketch artist in there
and you start describing everything about the wallet.
Color, make, material, model, monogram maybe,
contents, cards, library, credit, identification.
How stacked was it?
How stacked was it?
And when you say that, are you talking about money
or are you saying like it had like a sexy bod?
I'm not entirely sure, but you need to start putting all this together.
You have, I would estimate,
it depends on when you sent this in,
but I would say about 48 hours to completely recreate this wallet.
You're gonna have some trouble in the identification department.
You're gonna have some trouble in the credit card department.
This will be the first sort of white hat credit card fraud
I've ever heard of in my entire life.
But that's literally, that's it.
That is all like you're gonna need a forger.
You're gonna need an architect.
You're gonna need to inception the fuck out of this situation
because you are in way too deep.
There's also a possibility that this wallet is cursed
and maybe like once it gets a certain distance away
from its permanent location,
it just like disapparates and returns there.
Oh my God.
You know what I mean?
Like this wallet can't leave where you found it
because that's where that wallet was murdered
in a gruesome fashion over 50 years ago.
Yeah, my wallet, you found my wallet.
It's got tickets to the red legs game.
It's, I lost that wallet 50 years ago.
The Washington sentinels were et cetera, et cetera.
If you don't share this podcast episode 10 times
in the next 10 minutes,
then the wallet curse is gonna spread to your wallet.
Yeah.
It happened to my dad.
What's in your wallet?
A ghost.
Yeah.
Oh man, I've been trying to cook up some like,
I was gonna swoop in with something practical.
There's fucking literally nothing you can do.
You know what's so wild about it is that the person,
this person, okay, person one lost the wallet.
Person two found the wallet, then they lost it.
Person one, when they find out about this latest development
is gonna be very, very frustrated
by our question asker here
and they'll have literally no cause to ethically speaking.
Like they're not worse off than they were
before this person tried to do a nice thing.
You're just being punished by the universe
for trying to help somebody.
It's unfathomable.
If nothing else, I will actually say
that person who lost the wallet originally is better off
because at least now question asker can say,
when I last saw it, there was still money in it.
So you still have hope.
Yeah.
Did you take a picture of yourself with the wallet
in today's newspaper?
Just to let them know that it is doing okay.
But maybe your early edition
and you stole the wallet money yesterday.
Think about it.
I'm flipping on this a little bit.
I think you messaged them and say like,
ah shit, I lost it too.
And if they say, what the fuck?
You say, you don't really have a leg to stand on.
You are also a wallet loser.
So you know how it feels.
Like, you know I feel bad right now because you feel bad
because you also lost the wallet.
I just did the same thing you did.
Maybe there are other people out there
who have lost this wallet and we can find each other
and like just console each other
and maybe form some sort of like sisterhood
of the traveling pants club, you know?
Yeah, well.
Friendhood of the lost wallets.
Sure.
Is that clear?
Yeah, how about it? I mean, you broke up very badly in Skype.
I don't know if that happened for juice too.
Yeah, it did.
But I'm just gonna, you know what?
I'm just gonna agree with whatever Travis just said.
It's a real roll the dice moment, but I'm gonna do it.
Whatever you said, Travis, absolutely.
It was good.
I stand by it.
I just said that you broke up in Skype.
We're not using Skype right now
because it updated all of us to the new version
without our consent.
And we don't usually like sort of complain
about tech stuff on here.
We're not, you know, reply all,
but that's not really what they do on the show either.
They just complain about their Skype calls.
Yeah, it is the worst.
I don't know if anybody from Microsoft listens to the show.
It is the worst I've ever seen an application be tweaked.
We literally could not use it.
Like we couldn't use it because it wouldn't do the call good.
Like it wouldn't, not only do the call good,
it wouldn't do the call.
It's the worst.
It's fucking so bad.
This is for nobody.
Maybe we need to do a reply all crossover
where we just like, please fix Skype.
Please don't fix Skype.
Just go back to destroy it.
Original Skype wasn't even that great,
but we could at least use it to record a podcast
three times a week.
Anyway, here's a Yahoo that was sent in by so many people.
Thank you.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Donald.
He looks so cool.
He's wearing like shiny, like reflective sunglasses
and just a nice strong face.
Says, in the TV show Friends,
what was the point of Ross?
Okay.
He was so cringe and had stupid hair.
Now that seems mean.
I wish I hadn't seen the last part of it.
He did not have stupid hair.
Yeah.
I also just like despise the word cringe
and how it's used in the internet,
but it brings up a good point.
What was the point of Ross?
What was Ross's whole point?
Like what was the point of him?
Well, he was the every man, Griffin.
Well, he was the surrogate.
Well, see, we look at the Joey,
your quintessential, the Joey and the Joey is there.
He's charming, but perhaps a little bit,
I would say not the sharpest, you know, sharpest spoon.
Yeah, sort of a goof,
but with like a lot of sort of raw,
just potent sexual energy.
And I suppose Ross is a foil to that.
Yes.
And maybe Joey's sexual energy is at times terrible.
Yeah.
And he's a terrible person.
He loved to eat sandwiches.
And Ross, I don't think we ever saw him eat even one sandwich.
Well, and with your Chandlers,
Chandlers tend to make the jokes.
He would say things that I sometimes think
he didn't actually believe.
What?
Yeah, I know.
It's just a cool thing.
And then he fell in love with Monica
and Ross never fell in love.
So there's another sort of difference
between him and the other boys.
Now your Monicas are very driven.
Monica has a lot of drive, yeah.
Very clean, organized.
Falls in love with Chandler, which is something
that her, I guess, brother Ross never does.
Correct.
My daughter was actually-
I'm not done.
You gotta let Travis finish, Justin.
Now your Phoebe's, they're a bit of a free spirit, Griffin.
Can't tie them down.
Ross, I would say, is not a free spirit.
Whatever you got is a completely captured spirit.
Now your Rachel's, this is where it gets a little tricky.
They have great hair.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Reductionist.
Ross tried to love Rachel, didn't he?
Yeah.
But she didn't do it back because he was such a goober
and he had the monkey and was very cringe.
Now the monkey, your Marcel's, they are the greatest of us.
Yeah, sure.
They are truly the best part.
Played by Crystal, who I recently met.
It's true.
So what's Ross's fucking deal then?
My daughter was born under the Monica sign
and it's been a real struggle raising her
because she's had a bob since she was about 18 months
and she's been organizing our home for the better part of her life
and we've had to grow to accept it.
That's who she is as a person.
That's her sign.
Travis, real quick, can you do Stinky the cat before you wrap up
because I hear a lot about that character.
So this is the only true redeemable character
I would say out of the entire show
because here's the thing, Friends doesn't super hold up super good
in regards to like gay panic and transphobia
and fatphobia and all of those things.
But the cat that smells bad.
Classic.
Continues to be, I would say, the greatest maybe character
because you remember all the dream sequences
where the cat with the bad smell would appear
and discuss the day's events with one or more of the friends
and be like, so what do you think you learned today?
And that was really where I think the heart of the show rested.
And then, of course, there's the classic episode.
I think it was their 100th episode
where the monkey and the smelly cat battled.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I really think the show sucked after that.
Yeah, it sucked shit.
What I'm struggling with is, I believe it was James Lipton
James Lipton theorized that there were something like eight
sort of archetypes that every sort of literary work must fill.
And there's the one who eats a sandwich, which is Joey.
The one who loves Monica.
In this one, it's Chandler.
Monica is one of them.
Fun, flirty, free spirit with the smelly cat song
is obviously Phoebe.
And then sort of the cool one, I think is Rachel.
Okay, there it is.
Yes.
There is no dinosaur expert.
He seems completely, he's a skin tag.
Cut him off.
We need five friends.
I read in the TV guide that for the first four seasons
they didn't pay David Schwimmer to be there.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, he just, he kept showing up.
And like at first, if you watch the first episode,
he only has one line.
Yeah.
And the audience just liked his energy so much
that the next episode they gave him two lines.
And then the next episode they gave him four lines.
And by the end of the series, he had 6 million lines per episode.
Yeah, it's originally supposed to be Chandler, Joey, Phoebe,
Rachel, Monica, Gunther.
And Gunther was supposed to be sixth friend.
And his whole thing, he was the one who had all the swords.
Yeah.
But the audience just hated him.
The audience hated him.
And they wanted him to be sort of a recipient
of constant unearned scorn from the other six friends.
I hate this show.
Ross is half dinosaur.
Yeah.
All right, all right, all right.
He knew a lot about him and everyone wondered why.
And it was one of the longest running mysteries in TV history
is why Ross knew so much about dinosaurs.
And then on the last episode, they revealed it's
because he's half dinosaur the whole time.
And you know what?
Actually, I don't want to brag, but if you watch True, I knew that.
I knew that was going to be it because you could find little clues.
Like that scene where he comes back to Rachel
and he's standing in the door and it's raining, you know?
And you can see his tail waving around behind him.
Yeah, or the scene where he cuts Tom Selleck's belly open
with his razor sharp talon.
Just completely out from neck to navel.
Just really cracks him, cracks him wide open.
And then he spits venom on Chandler.
And Chandler's like, I like this.
Could I be any more blind?
Yes.
I just hate Ross so much.
It would be better if Ross didn't.
Yeah.
You know?
Yeah.
Yeah, just every time I watch it, I'd be like, could you not?
What if, okay, I would like to pitch a reboot of Friends.
And you take all the same footage from the original series,
but anytime Ross is on screen,
you replace it with David Schwimmer now responding like,
hey, that's a terrible thing to say.
Or like, how do we afford these apartments?
That's good.
I want to redo it as a mecha anime.
And so they all have sort of different mechas
that lock together Voltron style.
So like Joey's like a tiger who's the left leg.
Chandler's like a lion who's the right leg.
Phoebe's like an ostrich who's the torso.
Sorry, she'd be a smelly cat, which is like torso and head.
And then Monica and Rachel.
You mean the butt?
Well, the butt is part of the torso, Jess.
Keep up.
Okay.
Yeah.
And then Monica and Rachel would be the two arms.
And then Ross would come in also as a leg and he'd be like,
can I, hey guys, let me snap in.
And they're like, we're good.
They only need five of us.
We made the whole robot already, Ross.
You have no point.
Now sweep up, Ross.
Clean up our mecha leavings.
How about another question?
How would you guys feel about that?
That's good.
I feel bad for dunking on Schwimmer like that.
Schwimmer's cool as hell.
I have no beef with Schwimmer.
Schwimmer is just trying to make his nut.
He's great on Homecoming from Gimlet Media.
How about a question?
Yeah, man.
I've been looking for the email for 30 seconds.
Just give me a grip.
Just fucking ran my mouth a bunch of blah blah.
Just a bunch of blah blah blah trying to find the email.
Last time I lost it, I searched for wallet and then I found it again.
One of my neighbors stopped by today to say she's having a big birthday party on the weekend.
She told me there'll be a lot of guests coming, so they'll probably make a lot of noise
from the sheer volume of people, from music.
Plus, her guests might park all on the street.
She told me that the expected start and end times of this party.
Gave me her cell phone number, told me to text if there were any major issues, and then left.
Is it weird she gave me all this information but didn't invite me to the party?
Or am I weird for thinking it's weird when she was maybe just trying to be considerate?
What's the right way to respond to someone knocking on your door
to tell you you're not invited to their birthday?
That's from Potential Party Crasher in Coquitlam.
I don't think this is a thing, right?
I've gotten this dropped by a few times in my life where they just let me know,
hey, it's going to get loud and rowdy without extending the invitation.
Maybe this is wrong-headed of me, but I don't know that I would be eager to go to this party
where I wouldn't know anybody except for or possibly including my neighbor.
Yeah, it's basically like this person has just said,
hey, Justin, I'm going to have an area of earth that would be poisonous to you
in your natural state, and I'm giving you permission to not
put your physical mass into this poisonous area.
I will also say it is nice of you to attribute this to them being considerate,
but really this is them saying, please do not call the cops on us.
Yeah, sure.
Ah, the one thing I will say though is it would be so nice to get an invite to a next door party.
It's so close.
That's what I'm thinking about right now is I think I probably would go.
It's right there.
I can go mess up their house.
And if I need to poop, I just go back home.
This is the great party.
Actually, now I'm mad because you could go there.
You could eat all their chips, eat all their cool rancheritos,
eat all their sea salt and vinegar Pringles.
Oh, oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Now we're talking.
See what they're watching on TV.
What are they watching on TV?
Maybe set up a couple of webcams in their bedroom and then-
Well, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I misspoke.
I misspoke.
I said, I meant to say eat some sweet chili Doritos.
And then you go back to your house if you get tired.
And here's the wild thing.
If you decide you want to do more party later,
it sounds like this motherfucker is going to be rocking and rollicking all night long.
Just go back over if you want some more party.
This is great.
I got this drop by an old house I lived at here in Austin.
It's actually from a neighbor a couple of doors down,
maybe even three doors down.
And they came by just to give us a heads up.
Like, hey, we have this party every year.
It's like a big crawfish boil.
And it's like all day.
And so it's going to get a little bit loud.
Just wanted to give you the heads up.
And I was very like, I was very forgiving.
I was like, oh, that's totally fine.
Thank you for the warning.
I appreciate it.
I hope everything goes well.
And then day of about 400 people, I would say,
just estimating based on the number of cars that appear on the street showed up.
And they did the boil.
And I would say from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
it was just nonstop live zydeco.
Like nonstop live zydeco.
Wow, that's a lot of zydeco.
Yeah, with some real like fucking 12 foot high Marshall stacks
just blasting that zydeco into my teeth, into my fillings,
just shattering all the toilets in my house
because of how loud and powerful the zydeco was.
And I remember thinking like,
I don't think I gave permission for this, right?
Like we're talking about 10 hours of straight zydeco.
I feel like maybe it was undersold a little bit.
Yeah, I think that if zydeco is gonna play a part
that is such a specific thing that you have been misled
if they don't specifically say, yes, zydeco, it's happening.
It's beautiful music, beautiful music.
Loud 10 hours of it is not my favorite way to enjoy zydeco.
I would say loud 10 hours of anything, you know?
Like there's some 90 songs I enjoy very, very much,
but if you played Lit's My Own Worst Enemy
on a loop for 10 hours, I'd probably burn your house down.
If you came over and said, hey, we're having a party over,
400 people are gonna show up and we're gonna play
nothing but nonstop billion decibel covers
of zydeco style versions of Lit's My Own Worst Enemy.
Lit's My Own Worst Enemy as if it was covered
by an authentic New Orleans zydeco band.
I would say, well, that's clearly not good.
I really wish you wouldn't do that.
There's nothing I can do about it
because I'm not gonna fucking call the cops on you,
but like, please, please, please don't.
Let's, I tell you what, let's take a quick break.
We'll go over to the Money Zone, get some cash,
and then come back to the comedy after that.
What do you think?
Okay, follow me.
Get in my pocket.
My shirt pocket.
I'm shrinking you down.
This is the power of audio, folks.
I'm shrinking you down.
Oh, man, I found a toy car in here.
I'm gonna get inside.
That's for you.
Oh, good, an M&M, I can.
Someone's activating the toy car in my wallet.
Vroom, vroom, I'm gonna drive out of here.
You guys have noticed that toy cars,
whenever somebody shrinks down in a movie
and there's a toy car in it,
it's always got working gas and brake pedals.
Why the fuck?
What the fuck are you talking about?
Like in Stuart Little, right?
This motherfucker climbs into a car and he drives it.
A Matchbox car and he drives it.
What the fuck?
How?
Why would, what sort of like bizarro serial killer toy maker
is putting like working gas and brake pedals
in his tiny cars for mice?
It's nonsense.
Yeah, Justin, thank you for finally finding
the one plot hole in Stuart Little,
the movie about a talking mouse.
Come at me, Joss, or was it in my Shyamalan?
I mean, could anybody actually hear the mouse?
Oh my God, you're right.
Yeah, I'm on some Rugrats shit.
We have to go to the money zone.
I'm there, this is it.
I thought we were here.
Today's sponsor is the DVD release of Stuart Little.
I'm gonna get us into the monies again.
Here comes our second transition into the money zone.
I'm gonna tell you about Bull and Branch.
Yes.
Okay.
Bull and Branch, changing the game.
Every day, you know linens, you don't.
Sorry, I didn't mean to get so aggressive there,
but Bull and Branch, it's getting a good night's sleep
is easier and more affordable than you think.
And let me tell you, everything Bull and Branch makes
from bedding to blankets is made from pure 100% organic.
Diamonds!
No, well, that wouldn't be comfortable.
No, this is 100% organic cotton,
which means that they start out super soft
and they get even softer over time.
None of that like breaking in like,
oh, after you wash this the 30th time,
it's good right away.
They have thousands of five-star reviews
and Forbes, Wall Street Journal and Fast Company
are all talking about Bull and Branch.
Shipping is free and you can try them for 30 nights
and if you don't love them,
send them back for a full refund to get started.
Right now, our listeners get $50 off your first set of sheets
at bullandbranch.com, promo code mybrother.
Go to bullandbranch.com today for $50 off
your first set of sheets.
That's B-O-L-L and branch.com, promo code mybrother,
all one word, bullandbranch.com, promo code mybrother.
You know what feels good?
I lived my entire life not really caring
about what I put on my human body
because I was, I don't know, I didn't give a shit
or I didn't know and I didn't want to put it in the work,
whatever the reason.
I went through most of my life
just putting whatever on my body.
Then we started getting advertisements from Stitch Fix
and they started sending me boxes of clothes for me to wear
and it is so nice to, almost every time I dress
in Stitch Fix clothing, I will get a compliment
from somebody.
It's like, hey, I love your shirt.
Those are cool shoes or your pants are good
and I'll say, thank you, it's Stitch Fix
and it's almost become a joke at this point.
When we do a show, if we look nice,
it's probably all stuff from Stitch Fix
that we are all wearing and it is a wonderful service.
Run through our jacket, yeah, shirt, okay, pants.
If you have ever seen a picture of me
and thought that's a nice shirt, probably from Stitch Fix.
You give them your sizes, your favorite styles
and your budget and a personal stylist
will select five brand new clothing items just for you
and then they show up in a box.
You try on everything and the stuff that you love,
you keep, the stuff that you don't love,
you put into a container that's got a prepaid
for shipping label on it, you throw it in the bag
and you ship it back to them no problem
and you get a discount if you keep everything
and that is very nice as well.
Their hit rate is really good and just gets better
because they learn from the stuff that you like
and the stuff you don't like and they try to get closer
to your personal style.
My wife, Sydney, has very specific taste
and she was unconvinced that they would be able to get her
and we started Stitch Fix when she was pregnant
and not only did they eventually figure out her taste
pretty well, they sent clothing that was appropriately sized
for where she was in her pregnancy.
After we had the baby, they had already knew
that she had had the baby and they started delivering clothes
that were post-maternity wear, it's wild
and it's a wonderful service.
So stitchfix.com slash my brother
is where you can get started right now.
If you keep all five items you receive,
you'll get 25% off your entire purchase.
That's stitchfix.com slash my brother.
I just wanna say as we're moving into the summer months,
Stitch Fix has sent me a lot of shorts lately
and they've all been good.
I've never known how to buy shorts for myself.
I have rid myself of all cargo shorts I've owned.
That's it, they're gone.
It's just nice Stitch Fix shorts now.
It's the greatest thing anybody's ever done for me.
And the greatest thing that anybody's ever done for Jason
is to send this Jumbotron message over our airwaves.
The person who sent it is Claire and it's for Jason.
And Claire says, to our Dungeon Master, our best friend
and our giant phase spider, Jason.
Thank you for creating an excellent world
for us to run around in and letting us adopt
literally every adorable NPC you give us.
We love telling these stories with you.
Love, Claire, Cookie, Thunder, Brielle, and Anders,
the Knights of the Armored Pig.
I think this isn't real.
I think this is like a fiction.
I think it's like a fantastical world sort of like, yeah.
I think somebody's like using our podcast
like send a message like an alt reality ARG fantastical world.
So they're not really knights?
They might be, they might be.
That part might be real.
But this person being a big spider, I mean.
Uh-huh.
How would they even drive a car?
I guess at that point.
Well, if you designed the car specifically for a spider.
Sure, I mean, four brake pedals, four gas pedals.
There's no denying that, Trav.
This next message is for Sam Boat, a.k.a. Heely Boy.
I think you just did a.k.a. a.k.a.
I think I did.
A.k.a. a.k.a.
It got away from me because I got distracted.
A.k.a. a.k.a.
A.k.a. a.k.a.
And it's from Ray Ray, a.k.a. The Shut In Roommate.
Maybe that's like Ray Ray's wrestling.
Like, oh, it's the Shut In Roommate.
Okay, thank you for being the best friend
and fellow Mackle fan this garbage boy could ask for.
It freaks my bean how positive you are 24 seven.
And it's helped me survive some of the toughest times of my life.
We won't be roomies anymore after this year,
but you'll always be my fourth brother from another mother.
My Lin-Manuel, you might say.
Happy birthday.
Wanted this one April 21st, so we fucked that up.
Hopefully you're still a Mackle fan, as you said.
Got a message for Josh.
One last Jumbotron here.
It's from Jeremy.
It says, hey, sorry I was such a shitty middlest brother
while we were kids.
You were and are an awesome sweet baby brother.
Good job putting that master's degree in math to work
with that teaching gig.
P.S. Thanks for coming all the way to Canterbury
just to play in my D&D game.
Well, that's very nice.
Sounds like you all have a lovely relationship
that's evolved over the years.
And it's good to hear.
Good to see.
Jealous.
Jealous.
Nice.
Wait, why stagnant?
Griffin, what do you mean jealous?
Well, we're not allowed to evolve since we started the show.
So like our relationship has to stay the same.
We're all kind of Rosses now.
We're all the Ross.
Now we are all become Ross.
I have a friend who like meets up with his family every year
and all they do is just like sit around in nature
and, you know, talk for hours and learn and grow.
And it's like, that would ruin this whole thing.
We can't have a conversation and we don't record.
That's all that.
I'll just leave it at that.
We can't finish.
Imagine.
Okay.
It's the saying of things like we can't finish.
That is like the proof is in the gross pudding.
Some people wouldn't even say that to their brothers.
Yeah, can you imagine?
Can you imagine?
Hi there, I'm film critic April Wolf
and host of the maximum fun podcast Switchblade Sisters.
Do you love genre films?
Do you love female filmmakers?
Do you love discussions on craft?
If your answer is yes, you'll love Switchblade Sisters.
Every episode I invite one female filmmaker on
and we talk in depth about their fave genre film
and how it influenced their own work.
So we're talking horror, action, sci-fi, fantasy, bizarro and exploitation cinema.
Mothers, lock up your sons
because the Switchblade Sisters are coming for you.
Available at maximumfun.org or wherever you find your podcasts.
All right.
Continue what you're saying.
I forget what I was fucking saying.
All right.
It's no fun if I don't get to interrupt something.
Well, then you have to let us start.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Okay.
Hey, let's wait for a few more.
I'll bring it back in in a few minutes.
Let's do a question first.
Go ahead, Griff.
Okay, here comes a Yahoo!
That was eat my shit, Justin.
Eat the shit out of my butt.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, a little bit of shit.
Oh, shit, that sounds bad.
It's getting tender.
It's getting gentle.
This is the extreme more than words version of...
Oh, now it's getting kind of patriotic.
This is the Munch Squad.
I want a Munch Squad.
I want too much squad.
That was the first rap break that we've had in the middle of the Munch Squad intro.
Yeah.
So right.
So, oh, man, this one's good.
Chick-fil-A.
Who I don't know has actually made it to...
Thank you to Adam, by the way, for sending this my way.
I don't know that Chick-fil-A has made it to the squad before.
Well, they mostly do sort of straightforward God food.
It's mainly God's food and six days a week.
I normally go check out all the local restaurants to find my Munch Squad source
material on Sundays and they are always closed.
So that is an issue.
Because they're so lazy.
Chick-fil-A is testing meal kits at 150 restaurants.
Okay.
Okay.
So here's what I'm saying to you.
Yeah.
Here's what I'm saying to you.
This is going to happen in the Atlanta...
Oh, dudes.
It's starting August 27th across the Atlanta area.
Oh, shit.
We will be there for it.
It's a totally new concept for the brand.
And yeah, we will be right there.
They're launching them at 150 restaurants, which are designed for customers.
Okay.
They're designed for customers to cook their own meals at home with pre-measured ingredients
available for pickup in the drive-through at the front counter or via the Chick-fil-A 1 app.
What are we doing?
What I'm saying to you...
Are you fucking with me?
What I'm saying to you is you buy the ingredients at Chick-fil-A, you say,
honey, let's stay in tonight at Cook.
And your husband says, okay, honey, I'd love that.
Let's go to Chick-fil-A.
And you said, no, you dumb shit.
I said, let's stay home and cook.
No, I heard you.
I'm going to cut out all the shopping and just get the ingredients at Chick-fil-A.
I'm going to cut out both the options and convenience.
Yes.
It's the worst of both.
Imagine Chick-fil-A, you have to cook on your own.
Can you even fathom it?
Chick-fil-A will be the first in the quick service industry to offer a full meal kit
offering and customer feedback on the test will help the restaurant company decide whether
to roll out the concept nationwide.
So here's what that feedback looks like.
Someone comes to the counter.
Um, yes, sir.
Yes, hello.
Excuse me.
I got the the meal kit from Chick-fil-A.
Uh-huh.
Yes, sir.
What did you think?
Well, it was a dumb thing of me to do.
But the blame you have fulfilled your end of the bargain.
I did a dumb thing.
If you think about it, I felt depressed in myself and sad about my own self.
And that's not really feedback on your product.
There you go.
I have no complaints about you, but you have made me realize something about myself that
I am disappointed in.
So thank you.
Uh, the test that so they've got five meal kit recipes nationwide.
You can express your interest in trying the kits by filling out an online form.
So, um, if you do this, it should have a pop up.
It's like, get a hobby.
It's like, what are you?
It's fucking something.
This is a form that's like, bring these meal kits to my fucking place.
This is amazing.
I tell you the most bonkers thing.
I'm looking at these five recipes.
None of them are chicken sandwich or chicken nuggets or waffle fries.
Yeah, but Trav, you could get that.
That would be truly maddening.
Like, that would be truly like, I'm going to cook high chick-fil-a.
I'm going to cook.
I want to out chick-fil-a, chick-fil-a at my own home.
They're not going to give you the ingredients to do that.
You're going to have chicken parmesan, chicken enchiladas, Dijon chicken, pan-roasted chicken
and chicken flatbread.
But he's making your own nugs at home really so much weirder than saying, I'm in the mood
for chicken enchiladas.
Going to drive over to chick-fil-a and get the individual ingredients.
It's so wild.
Blue Apron, I trust to give me a box of like, good ingredients that I know where they came
from and they will taste good at the end of it.
Chick-fil-a is chick-fil-a though.
That's like, I don't know, we haven't established that level of trust, chick-fil-a.
Yeah, the problem is that they can't do the chicken sandwiches because there's a lot of
complex sort of things that go into making it.
You have to brine the chicken in the pickle juice.
The big thing is that you can't really put homophobia in a meal prep box.
Do you know what I mean?
Like, they have to do that kind of on site by putting it in a bag and then hanging it
up in front of an old episode of Friends for like, a day and you can't really do that at
home.
There it is.
What the fuck are we even doing as a people, as a civilization?
I don't have a good answer for why chick-fil-a is doing this.
It just, and also can I say one other thing?
If you don't have a chick-fil-a in your area, especially one with a drive-thru, chick-fil-a
drive-thrus are absolutely fucking buck wild.
I have not seen the one in Huntington near the Barbersville Mall not extend out the parking
lot and down the street in my entire life.
It is always 15 minutes waiting in line to get this chick-fil-a.
So you're going to go to the chick-fil-a, you're going to wait 15 minutes in line so
you can get the ingredients to make Dijon chicken at home?
Who would do this?
I'm looking through the FAQs here and none of them are, why did you do this?
Why did you do it?
Hey chick-fil-a, I got a Q that will perhaps become FA, ASAP.
Why?
WHY, guys?
I got a Yahoo that was sent in by Mike Eckert.
Thanks, Mike.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Layla asks, am I a hipster if I watch DVDs?
Oh, come on.
Oh, god.
For movies, I buy DVDs instead of Netflix or buying it online or something.
I have a huge closet filled with DVDs.
I just prefer a DVD over Netflix or digital.
Does that make me a hipster?
You can't get the fucking quality, the fucking, the crackles, the snaps, and the pops of the
film reel spooling through its mechanisms unless you get the authentic DVD of the movie swingers.
You can't get the bonus, you don't get those bonus features of Jon Favreau being all Favreau
like on the Netflix version, you don't get the pops of the reels.
You gotta be able to feel it.
I went to Alamo Drafthouse.
They did a special screening of Go, the follow-up to swingers that nobody seems to remember,
and they had a new print, a lost, long lost print on DVD of it.
Oh, it was like I was seeing it the way that the director intended.
They do load faster than Blu-rays.
If you have a child in the back seat that needs to watch Trolls then and not in two
minutes, the DVDs do load faster.
So there is like, I don't want to be that guy.
The DVDs do load faster than the Blu-rays, okay?
That I will say.
I love being able to display my stuff, right?
So that when people come in, they can be like, oh, you have a lot of Jon Favreau movies.
And I'll say, yes, I do.
Because when I have them on my iTunes, people can't see them, you know?
And they load faster.
I just think that DVDs are a little more, it's a format of the people.
Oh, you remember when DVDs first came out and everybody started making their own movies?
No.
Yeah, okay.
No, yes.
You remember when the DVDs first came out, everybody started making their own movies?
Yes, yes.
And that was a really kind of a democratizing format for a lot of people.
Because, hold on, let me start over.
You remember when VHS came out and everybody started making their own movies?
Okay, well, on that format, you could put one in your dad's big VCR and you could shoot
your own movie, right?
Yeah, and that was the brand of it.
I believe it was the Mitsubishi dad's VCR.
For me, the DVD was Hollywood's way of saying, that's ours, you know what I mean?
That's Hollywood's way of saying, not everybody can actually make a movie.
We're taking this back, because your dad doesn't have a DVD camera.
And if he does, we'll buy it, because that's amazing.
Was your dad Steven Spielberg?
Are you Joni Spielberg, child of Steven?
Yes.
With your DVD camera?
That's got to cost an arm and a leg.
Yeah.
So, Justin, I guess I'm confused as to what your point is.
Yeah, but VHS is a format of the people.
This is what I'm saying.
VHS is a format of the people.
What I like about DVDs is it was Hollywood's way of saying, not everybody can do this.
Kevin Smith, not everybody can do this, okay?
You can't just decide you're going to make a movie.
Give this back to us.
You like that about DVDs.
I like the artistic voice.
The ship has been righted.
And the auteurs, the auteurs can take the format back.
They take movies back from the common man, and they say,
actually, this isn't, like, not everybody can make movies.
Like, you can't do that anymore.
That's ours again.
Yeah, it's ours.
It's ours again.
Okay, so, Justin, what you like about DVDs is how restrictive and exclusive it is.
If I bought a VHS, fucking anybody could have made it.
If I get a movie on VHS, like, anybody, anybody could have made that film.
If I get a movie on DVD, I know that Hollywood...
Hollywood made it.
It's got the Hollywood feel to it.
It's got that special bit of Hollywood glamour, that little bit of glitter sprinkled over it.
Travis, you're very confused, I can tell.
I want to help you walk you through, Justin.
Okay, please, yes.
You can't just make a DVD.
Thank you.
Thank you, yes.
I can't just make a DVD.
I can't go out there with my friends and shoot a DVD movie.
Do you understand now?
It's the disc, and nobody knows how to put the thing on the disc.
And so, but that makes it better.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's better because you can trust...
It ups the level of quality.
Okay.
Because you know Hollywood has had their fingers all over it if you see a DVD.
Oh, okay.
If I went out to the store, the movie store, and I bought Lost in Space with Matt LeBlanc in it,
on VHS, anybody could have made that.
Anybody could have made that to VHS, like Dad's Big VCR would play.
Matt LeBlanc could have made it?
Matt LeBlanc could have made it, yeah.
And if I go to the DVD store for movies, and I get the DVD of Lost in Space,
it's just going to be the genuine article.
It's going to be the real Lost in Space, and there's no doubt about that.
That was the first DVD I ever bought, by the way.
Was it?
Good pickup, good pickup.
Good soundtrack on that one too.
Second one, oh yeah, fucking Apollo 440 crushed it.
And then the second one I bought was The Time Machine starring fucking...
Guy Pearce.
Guy Pearce.
I had a real fucking...
I had a real preference back then.
And now, and this is what I'm saying with Netflix, we're back to anybody could have made it before.
Thank you.
Because it could just be like...
I turn it on YouTube, and I search for The Time Machine.
I'm going to find a bunch of like Minecraft videos,
and I'm going to find a bunch of like dumb videos that might...
Gameplay walkthrough.
Gameplay walkthrough of, you know, Mario is missing, and it's like...
It's not The Time Machine.
If you search YouTube for The Time Machine,
the first result is a single button that you click to watch the actual movie.
The Time Machine starring Guy Pearce.
That is literally the first thing.
And then the next four results are clips from the movie The Time Machine.
The first button is like, oh, you wanted to watch The Time Machine with Guy Pearce.
We got you.
No problem.
There's nobody stopping us from putting this entire movie up here.
That's an outlier.
That's an outlier.
The exception proves the rule.
I guess.
I just want to touch the movie.
When I want to watch Swingers, I want to touch Swingers.
I don't want to just...
It's intimate.
I touch it.
I put it in the machine.
I, you know, real quickly put my finger in and out of the little hole
just to make sure there's no dust, dirt, or cobwebs in there.
Yep.
And if you don't do that, you're going to get gunk all over your DVD player.
Yep.
And that we all still have a standalone DVD player in our house that we all still definitely use.
Yes.
You finger blast it, clean it out, you put it in, and then you watch the movie.
And then you've had like a little bond with the movie.
When I load it up on Netflix, I don't get to finger blast.
Yeah.
There's nothing to finger blast.
Here's the thing.
When it comes to your digital movies, your Netflixes, your iTunes, your what have yous,
when the shit hits the fan, right, and the end times come,
we won't be able to watch this anymore, right?
But if I hold my DVD up to the light in the right way...
Spin it around on your finger real fast.
Right.
Get a laser pointer and like I can play it myself.
You know what I mean?
And like you just don't get that with digital movies.
Yeah.
What do we do now?
I don't know.
We usually wrap up here, I think.
Okay.
No, I think he means as like a people.
No, I did mean us.
Specifically us.
Thank you so much for listening to our show.
We love you so much.
And we appreciate all your support all the time.
I wanted to mention, I am trying to get Pete and Pete season three release on DVD.
So if you just tweet, set the Peets free, hashtag set the Peets free, just tweeted it,
Nickelodeon, and just let them know sort of.
They have acknowledged me because they sent me a GIF of little Pete sticking his tongue out.
So they're kind of fucking with me.
Did they send you any GIFs?
No, choose your networks, choose GIFs.
Okay.
And so I'm very excited that the campaign is building ahead of steam.
We got a theme song.
We've gotten some tweets from both the Peets in support.
So it's really building a lot of momentum.
So hashtag set the Peets free.
Let's do this thing.
So couple very important announcements, along with the important announcements about
set the Peets free.
So PodCon, it's coming again.
Do you hear the blues are calling?
It's PodCon.
Because it's in Seattle?
What the fuck?
Sure.
But it's coming again.
And it's January 2019.
But we need your help because we are funding it and trying to make sure that we have the
funds to be able to make it as good, if not better, than it was last time.
If you weren't able to make it to PodCon 1.0, it's maybe my favorite convention thing I've
ever been to.
I made a lot of great friends there, and we did a lot of good shows, and it was super
fun.
And we're really excited to be able to do it again.
So please consider donating to the campaign to fund PodCon.
If you go to bit.ly slash McElroyPodCon2, you'll find it there.
We're going to be there.
Let's see.
Go there and look at all the other amazing shows that we've already got on the list,
and we're hoping to have even more guests and shows.
But we need your help to do that.
So bit.ly slash McElroyPodCon2.
Also, I'm going to be at Gen Con this weekend and doing a bunch of super fun events that
I'm really looking forward to, including a Munchkin live stream.
I'm doing a Hello from the Magic Tavern show.
And I'm also doing a panel called Open DMs, where I have me and some other GM and DM people
to give advice on how to be a DM and to take questions and give you some pointers on upping
your game.
So if you want to get those tickets ahead of time so that you can come and hang out
with us, it's at McElroyShows.com slash Tours.
All the events are there.
Also there are our upcoming book events.
We've got some, I'm doing one in Newport, Kentucky, on August 11th.
Justin and Dad are doing one in Byersville, West Virginia, on August 11th.
And Dad and I are doing one in Lexington, Kentucky, on August 18th.
Those are also, I believe, ticketed events.
You can find those on McElroyShows.com slash Tours.
And speaking of Tours, we have our Orlando and Atlanta shows coming up.
So please send in questions for those.
If you have been waiting for the time, this is it.
Make sure to include in the subject line, you know, Orlando show or Atlanta show, and
we'll see you there.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for a theme song instead of departure
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's so, so, so good.
I want to thank Max Fund for having us on the network.
You can go to MaxFund.org, check out a lot of great free shows there, shows like Stop
Podcasting Yourself and Bubble and Switchblade Sisters and a lot more at MaxFund.org.
And how about that final?
Oh, wait, real quick, we mentioned it, but didn't say, so our graphic novel is out.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, you can get it at TheAdventureZoneComic.com or like at Barnes and Noble or like, I think
a lot of bookstores now.
Yep.
If you haven't gotten it yet, please consider doing so.
Sure.
Here's that final yahoo.
It was sent in by Natalie Rueb.
Thanks, Natalie, it's from Yahoo Answers user Tide.
This is the first episode in maybe 300 episodes where all of the names have loaded, so I think
maybe I'll probably die today.
I think probably a meteor will crash in my house today or something.
But Tide asks, is it true that sweat and pee are like cousins?
Well, it was Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother, and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Hey, good girls, do you wanna just say, hey, I wanna?
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
You probably know that MaxFun podcasters are funny in the talking way, but did you know
they also are funny in the writing way?
We are very excited to announce that John Hodgman and Paula Poundstone wrote books that
have been named as semifinalists for the 2018 Thurber Prize for American Humor.
John Hodgman, celebrated fake internet court presider, is the host of Judge John Hodgman
and was recognized for his book Vacationland.
Paula Poundstone's book is called The Totally Unscientific Study of the Search for Human
Happiness, and you can hear her expound on happiness and many other topics on her new
podcast, Nobody Listens to Paula Poundstone.
The Thurber Prize is one of the highest awards for humor writing in the United States, and
we are proud to have both these authors on Maximum Fun every week.
Paula Poundstone and John Hodgman, congratulations.
