The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy, and I'm your middlest brother. Good day m'lady
Travis McElroy
You're not gonna do that every time now I tried that I did not feel
That was real bad, but I'll figure it out I'll find it
I'll just I could just speak like a fancy like Hollywood celebrity like hey
Hello, good morning. It's Griffin McElroy. That's pretty good. Oh, it's Bradley Cooper on the call. Uh-huh
It's me Brad Coe
Hi, it's me Brad Coe from silver linings do it dance book
Yeah, that was Bradley Cooper spin-off workout tapes, do you not remember those Justin? It's me Brad Coe from the chef movie spicy
It was the name of it. Um, so I I
Have very exciting news
Alright, and I was inspired by of course our year theme 20 rendezvous fantasy tape flight
Yeah, and so I I already had this and
So I pulled a few strings and I got it for you guys as well as you know
I'm very well connected. I'm sending it to you right now. Oh
Oh cool. I'm emailing it to you right now. Is it a cameo from the from the president?
No, no, no. No, do you know Joe Biden's up there Joe Biden's in there? It's like $75. It's he's not busy with
What a steal? He's got a lot of stuff going on right now that you get a part. Could you get a part in that way?
Oh, I like you trick him
Or or some kind of appointment that way like
Oh
Travis what have you done? We just got this email bud. Yeah. Well, do you want to tell everybody?
I'm it's it seems to me that Travis has purchased us some some land
Why some land travel I said one square foot each. Yeah, your Lord's now. Oh
Really? Yeah. Yeah, I was already one. Oh
Oh
Congratulations, and then I saw that this this place was offering a buy one get one free sale
This is this is how everyone does it I'm pretty sure this is how everyone does it
And so I went ahead and took advantage of that great deal now
I will say they were offering three different levels one square foot five square feet and ten square feet
Well, I didn't know what you guys would do with five square feet that you wouldn't do with one square, right?
Yeah, that's a good make you five times the lower like does it up? Are you a duke at that point?
I have I they didn't seem to compound in any way
It seemed to just be like you could like have room for a picnic. Oh, yeah, get married, right? You can get married
You lop off
This is this is a classic pub challenge you lie diagonally in the box right and then you fit you got a light
I ain't wait a minute. This is a sucker's bet burn me bury me in the one bow. There you go
Chop me up. It's square feet right so you can dig of like what I'm five ten
We'll give them a few inches in case there's some like topsoil loss degradation
Oh, that's it six foot two and the top of my head will be four inches under the surface
If you just stand me right up in there
Maybe we could say like can you arrange it?
So are each of our one square plots of land are next to each other now
We got three in a row right so three feet long one foot wide
Right stack us up guys. This is how has nobody thought of this yet?
Cemetery space is at like a premium now and it's because they're laying our dead asses horizontal
That's dumb. That is such a waste of space straight up and down baby straight up and down stack
Me like like Ikea furniture. This is insane. You know what I mean. Yeah, global global warming and everything stack me up
Go boy, you know what as far as I'm concerned use me as a fuel source. I don't care dead
All right, get to real Travis. Thank you for this gift
Yeah, it does feel a bit like the International Star Registry thing now
This is legit Griffin because I paid money for it and they ran as you can see in the form
It was witnessed by someone. Yeah, and it is really my it is written in sort of a fancy
Kurt like pseudo cursive
Foul digital cursive. Yeah
Hey, but do I have too much power now because I I do have a star named after me. Thanks noni big up
You're the Star Lord now. Oh
shit, yeah
That's dope. Yeah, that's very cool. I get to kick it with like so what do I do?
Oh, yeah, good question. I have to go it might gonna have to solve a cozy murder
Here's what I'll say Justin if anyone ever accidentally wanders through your one square foot
Then you then are responsible for their well-being, but they're also responsible for like your happiness now
Here's what I'll say. This is the trick that nobody tells you but I know this hack
They don't know I know this hack once you buy the plot of land, right?
That's one square foot around but it goes all the way into space baby, right?
Oh, that's all the way up. It never stops above it, right?
So a plane going through it spaceship going through it a comet going through it
It's all yours for for the second. It's in there. Yeah, that's so you're welcome guys
Hey, Rachel edit this next part out, but or beep it Travis. How much money did you spend on these?
bucks
Okay, and it was buy one get one free. Like I said, it's a good deal. That's very good deal
Okay, the number you ever said was not a tremendous amount of money. Not at all that beeped out
Okay. Now here's my question. This is something I I debated over in my own heart
Does it seem more like a scam if it had cost more or more legit if it costs more? Wow
Because at the amount I paid there's partners like that can't be enough
There's a typo there's there's there's six zeros missing from this from this number
Well, I feel fancier already. Yeah, I think fight, baby
That just has have you all done other than purchasing lordships for us? How is y'all's fanciness journey gone?
What have I done an increase in either?
Quality of life
status or
Whimsy, I was already pretty fancy to begin with. Yeah. Sure, man
I wore a robe after I got out of the shower yesterday. Oh hell. Yeah, can I say something?
I fucking get robes now. Oh, yeah
Yeah, now sometimes you don't have the juice to get from naked to clothed, you know
Yeah, you need a little robe is a nice way of saying like I'm building to it
Just calm down a little bit there. There's not enough transitional clothes. I would say like robe is basically it
There's not a lot of like well, I I don't want to wear the clothes
I've been wearing all day anymore, but I know if I put in pajamas, I'm going to sleep
And then it's robe. Like this is the thing is there's very few. I think robe is the only
Transitional like piece of clothing I can think of when Harry wakes up in the middle of the night
Because he got scared from one of his incredible mind visions
I'm you know, I looked at by the way take him to professor X or something, dude
Yeah, and they're what's weird is that they always come true. Yeah. Anyway, I don't have time
They always contain spider-man. Yeah, he's always in there
And anyway, I don't have time to like get fully dressed while my son is screaming about how?
Fucking huggy-wuggy tried to eat our whole family
And so just the robe is like I'm like a fucking firefighter
Like I just throw the robe on and I'm like up there like don't worry son. Huggy-wuggy is not real
Yeah, I throw on my robe and my long winter cap and then I go and I'm like, hey, what's up?
Can I say something? Can I say something to YouTube real quick? Hey YouTube. What's up? Love your stuff
Hello, great fun. Hi YouTube. I love your stuff for kids pancake contests and
recreating Spongebob
Clips, it's funny and I love it
If you can stop putting horrible monsters in every third video that are scary to me a grown-up
That would be fucking radical. Thank you so much. Thank you so much
No more huggy-wuggy. No more siren head get those shits out of my household
I do not need them. You maybe should be policing your your kids. I am watching it, but there's just I'm not kidding
It's like hey, what's up? It's the pancake boys
Today we're gonna have silly fun with slime. I'm like, yes. Yes. Yes, and the next one like this big clown will kill you
Don't let the big clown kill you
You're aware that this is happening Griffin. Why don't you turn it off the big clown that will kill you because um, you know
If I'm you know, you're invested
yeah, well, I'm watching sports on a TV that I got a lot of money on and I don't always have the sort of like I
Can't split my attention right? Oh, yeah. No, no, no Bengals are out there make a pop of those stacks of bread
Anyway, I'm a good dad
Yeah, all right, I'm not here to argue that that seems true now
Your children are lordlings. Oh, that's true
I'm so excited to get started and this is an advice show you wish you've certainly guessed by now. Certainly a right
Yes, present a question to your lord
Oh, maybe I could be the middle is Lord Travis McElroy. Maybe that I don't think that that's a great vibe
Honestly, I'm your lord and savior Travis McElroy. What's wrong? That's better. Yeah Christmas this year. My roommate bought me a new tea kettle
Pink and very cute. By already have a tea kettle. Oh, no, and I love my tea kettle. It's powder blue
I've had it for years. I don't want to stop using it
However, my roommate and I obviously live in the same house and she will notice if I don't use the new tea kettle
We are not close. Oh my god. What it's what? Oh, sorry finish the
Name, how do I handle this tea kettle for two? That is a
Brutal way to end this message. It's a real leg sweep. Isn't it? We are not close. We are well, it does it
Colors it don't oh, it's a hugely important piece of information for sure
It's the kind of context that like I wish our year theme had been about
Context because I feel like that is it is that is my big push for this year is please give us the essential tools
We need to advise you right and what I love about this context, too, is it's not just like a like, you know
It's a two-bedroom house. It's not a physical piece of context
It's not it is much more emotional context of this person saying just FYI
This problem isn't really that bad for me
Like I I want you to know that I've thought about this but at the end of the day and we're not close
It's fine. I I still have in my house a like yellow stoneware tea kettle that I
I think brought with me all the way from like Cincinnati, which was I've been looking for that
12 yeah
Over a decade ago and I used to use it a lot
I used to I got into tea for a little bit. I would have some oatmeal
I would neti pot all these things require a good tea kettle
You and neti pot with the same
tea kettle
You had a neti pot, right? You had a neti pot, right? You weren't using the tea kettle, right?
No, Travis
Travis this show people spend the minutes they have in their life and their day on this show
And I feel like in 2022
We don't need to stop and take up that time to say things like did you put the tea kettle in your in your nose?
I was obviously
We're all adults now the holes too big. Yeah. Yeah, you're right. Well, I don't know maybe no no stretches
Anyway, I don't fuck with it anymore because it got pretty like weirdly burnt and gnarly and calcified on the inside
Oh, so maybe you should start using the new tea kettle because here's the thing
I know you like yours and you've had it for years
But it's a tea kettle. It does a thing where it makes the water hot and it goes
It doesn't beep. I can't whistle
Um, and I bet you this new one does that shit too. Pretty good. Yeah, but it's not emotionally invested
Great, like when you're talking about cozy shit like a teapot. That's like saying like that blanket
I've had the same I've had a blanket with yeah
It's red white and black and green with Scotty dogs on it that I got when I was like 10 years
Oh shit, you still you still fuck with that blanket. I still got that shit
I have taken excellent care of it
It is still comfy cozy and it is as wonderful as the day I got it, right?
Does Teresa know you like slept with that in like middle school in the bad years?
Let's call them the dark ages. Yes. Yes. Yes in in the pubes. Yes, of course, of course. I
I wish that Scotty blanket were granted the ability to speak for one day
What the hell out
Oh you motherfuckers the things I want a little
No, you do not oh you stay away from that monster I'm gonna look for an open furnace
Leave me outside so that the birds may tear me a pieces and I may be free
Okay. Anyway Travis. Do you need to get the fuck rid of that blanket? My friend is still great, but I've taken wonderful care of it
But I would also argue there was a period of your life where you took whatever the opposite of carries you took hurt to it
You took hurt of it. Anyways, my point being there's an emotional investment in things
You don't want to have a tea kettle from someone that let's face it
You're not close with and then like four years someone says that's a great tea kettle
Where'd you get it? And you're like, uh, it was from my roommate. Their name was uh, oh, what was it?
That's not it is if this though is a situation where you don't have beef with your roommate
It's just you guys have never really clicked. I would say that's fertile ground for a friendship to blossom, right?
I'm not gonna project that onto you if you're not interested in it
That's that's one thing but if it's just like a weird situation where it's like, yeah, we never like hung out and got to be friends
I think this is a foot in the door
Where you say like this is a Bartlett Charlie moment where you're like, ah, thanks for this new teapot
You know, I've been saving this teapot for the right roommate
I think that's you and now you're gonna pass on your emotional powder blue teapot. No new best friend
And you say like and yeah, you see that stamp on the bottom that's right. This was made by Paul Revere
This was Spiro Agnew's teapot. It's been in my family for 300 years
Don't run the math on that don't think it's a gift
Yeah, I think I think go for it. I think it's a new it's new hot shit and it's not gonna be you
What if it boils water better?
What if the whistle is more pleasant listen if you've never had like a sick-ass tea kettle that you love
Like I don't I don't know if you right now listener brothers are imagining
Your special hot boy. Oh, yeah
Yeah, like I wouldn't I wouldn't I couldn't be apart from my kettle anymore
It's got a little knob that lets me set the temperature
Come on. What I got a water boiler. What what you're thinking of like a water heater
You're thinking of like the the thing that heats the water Justin
I have that that makes the hot water and then I have an adorable little lime green round boy
That then I like pour the water into to make the tea. Okay
Just get tea kettle go paleo on it. Do it like the ancestors did it
But then I need that for like all the other hot stuff. This is a fancy teapot fancy take flight, right?
so I got my hot water maker and then I've got like this is for like a tea party because I have
Fancy doesn't mean unbridled consumer is it's not
Justin my wife and I like to have afternoon tea and I want to have the teapot sitting there and a whole set with it
Okay, I'm I feel like can I say hey Griff? Can we talk first? Yeah. Yeah. I'll go over here
I'm a little worried that the selection of our year theme is going to become something of a an albatross around our necks
It's specifically in regards to the middle brother. Yeah use it as a sort of like like I
Feel like we've given Travis permission to make terrible choices in fiction. Yeah
Yeah with his actual money and his actual life
But in like it's all part of the bit
What were you guys talking about? I got distracted. I was ordering pinky rings in bulk
What we're trying to figure out with the new mission of possibles coming out because a lot I thought it was I thought it was March
And I thought it was Travis stop buying things
March can I
Do okay talk talk. Can I call the wizard he got pissed he got guys
I got a fucking angry email from him for not calling him last week. I was like, dude, it's our
Annual year naming one like we don't do content. It's like an easy one for us to kind of chill out on
Yeah, so I got somebody over here. That was actually lined up to
Be on last week's show and he was really disappointed that that he couldn't get off what I what a bone-chilling bit of
At this point one of two people and both of them I believe kill just like in like that
Wouldn't you if you have me fucking pinned down like that? No, I'm pretty you'd love that
Wouldn't you if you thought you had this beautiful mine palace all mapped out with a little brochure?
You can hand out to the the tourists that come by like here's the different rooms that are here. I know them all
Hey Justin, am I wrong? That's one of one of two people. How do you know you're talking to Justin right now? Oh my god
I look on about it
Anyway, I made the wizard angry. He shot a thunderbolt in my wiener and I was like, okay fine
I'll get you on the next one. So this one's a kind of loved it. No, man. It was hotter than the Sun
Randy sent this one in. Thanks Randy Randy
All right, and it's it's just give a shout out sure how to sneak your cat into work
Thank you
If you're how if your kitty and booth is giving you the sour face every time you leave for work every day consider bringing him
To work your boss doesn't have to know with a few sneaky tools the right cat temperament and a little ingenuity
Your kitty can be sitting in the middle though, huh?
Successfully smuggling your cat into the office does require a good deal of preparation and strategy though
In addition, you'll have to plan your activities at the office very carefully. I like that. It's like cat temper. I'm like, okay, mr
Boots, I know that normally you're kind of a piece of shit. Yeah, we're at the office. I need you on your best behavior
Okay, do you understand me? Do you understand me little man?
I know you you cannot understand things like the economy, but that yummy wet stink food that you eat
I acquire with the resources from work that I do for work. I trade my labor for
Just you know, what are you saying for your piss and that you piss in?
anyway, number one
Consider the options
Okay, I feel like no
Person should be able to get past this step where it's like one of my options take my cat to work or don't take my
Cat to work. Wow, that second one sounds way better way way better
That seems like that should be like the first line in every wiki. It should say like keep your grades up
Yeah, keep your grades up. Maybe don't do this. Maybe don't like hey, what what's the best step in planning a heist?
Maybe don't oh that would be
Assess your cat's personality to decide if he's the sort of cat that could be happy and quiet at work
If you have really not he's giving you a stink face while you leave
Yeah
That maybe the cat just doesn't like you and wants to spend less time with you
If your cat's a proud and independent roamer who has activities you don't even have a clue about for most of the day or night
Is a bad one
Alternatively if your cat is quiet and often comfortable sitting near you for long periods of time
He may be the ideal stealth cat for the office
If your cat loves the sound of you clicking and making idle conversation with Susan from accounts payable
This cat's ready to ride
Cat loves the sound of like kind of a muffled radio
But it's still a little bit too loud and everything kind of smells a little bit like farts. Oh, have we got the idea for you?
Let's see here we got
Hey Griffin, sit here quick. Any way here. Does it say to consider like what your business does before taking the cat in?
No, that's a good point. If you are like a sandwich artist at Subway
I'll argue this is maybe a bad way a bad career for you if you work on like a
Big industrial production line with like huge gears and stuff
That's probably also a bad time or like if you work for like a mouse breeding company or a cat food factory
This is that bad. You don't want to do this consider the way you get to work
Does he mind car or public transportation travel? Are you strong enough to carry him on your bike or by foot?
Are you strong enough to carry your own cat? Are you strong enough to be his man?
Are you strong enough to be your cat's man? Well, it's a 45 minute commute by car. I guess I could walk in there
Margaret you're you're five and a half hours late. Yeah, I know what was that? Nothing. What stop?
How about check the weather? Is it too hot too cold too wet or too windy to be carrying your cat around?
I don't like this because now like if it rains does that mean you don't bring your precious or you don't bring home?
Your fuzzy coat. Yeah, it started raining. Sorry. Hey, listen
It's gonna be like a night at the museum situation. You do need to stay here
If you could work on my TPS reports, no, that's ridiculous. Don't worry about it. Just don't die. Bye
Choose a day that isn't heavenly mired in away from desk obligations
It'd be cool to know a lot of factors at play here, huh? Yeah, okay
So this is where we get to the fun stuff part to make preparations
Be absolutely certain of where your boss and other other co-workers will be throughout the day
Yeah, that's that's cool. They've drawn a very crude map here of the office
With the boss's room, and of course the boss's room is like six times bigger than the other one. Cool. Cool. Cool
Boss gets a dollar I get a dime. That's why I bring cats in on the company time
So know where your boss is at all times with a map
I guess you need to have a map for that information. You could get a GPS tracker on that bad boy
Yeah
Review any obstacles or hurdles you might face tracker. Yeah, make your boss out of the boss
Make your boss and your cat both eat GPS trackers. So you can make
They short out you could have a freaky Friday situation
Okay
Boss cat everybody stay with me here. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Hold on though
If you could convince everybody in the office to act like the cat is the boss
Yeah, so when the boss comes in he's like at first he's like, all right guys, it's very funny
And then as the day goes on he's like women. Oh, yeah. Oh this cat this cat came down from corporate
They need to make some cuts. So best behavior. Mr. Jones. Don't be careful. Don't give him an excuse
Give him an excuse. He said he's he said he's got his eye on you and he might just be playing with his food
You know what? I mean? So like be careful
Review any obstacles or hurdles you might face such as a meeting or your lunch plans. Hey dogs in the office
Or it's big stinky fish day where everybody brings in the fish they caught
So, okay now we get in to prepare the cat's necessities by or find a ventilated bag
Preferably one that will conceal your animal and allow you to bring cat food treats quiet toys or a soft blanket and even a travel
litter box
You can you can ventilate any bag just take a bag and cut it up. You don't need to pay fans
This is a life hack folks. Yeah, you can cut up any bag to make it cat appropriate
Make sure the bag is not a designated cat or animal carrier. No, that would be
Too good for the cat
It actually if you want to help you could stencil on business bag and then all that's good
Anybody hears like from it and they're like, what's that? And you're like, that's my business
You what you do is you come in the day before and you're like my mom got me the worst fucking briefcase
Wait till you guys see this thing. You're gonna be like goddess
Terrific, it's useless and there's something in it
I don't know if it needs oiled or what but it sounds like a cat that wants to get out of a bag
Yeah, maybe write something in like French on it. And so like people like oh damn
That's a fancy new European briefcase from the future. Definitely not the kind of briefcase. You'd put a cat in. Oh
that's
that's that's
Villain and it's the new cat briefcase that has pictures of cats on it, but it is for files
Do not do not trip on that
Start bringing the bag into work at least one to two weeks prior to sneaking the animal into the office
That's pretty good though. What is do you have a fucking cat in there? No
I've got a little ocean here for me a human lunch. Nice try though
Purchase a cat harness and a leash sure
And then pack everything you need into the bag to determine if you can fit all items inside
Well fuck I can get everything in here, but the cat
I got I got a real chicken bag of grain and fox scenario
That's actually hard because if you start with the cat that's bad, too
Yeah, you're piling your fucking documents and blueprints on your cat
That's uncomfortable, but then again if you get caught if you bring in a bag full of cat stuff
But no cat and get caught then that's gonna raise some strange questions, right?
We're just like hey, Doug. Why you got like a litter box and cat harness and shit in here
What's that for?
My cat you have a cat here. No, no, huh?
In my head. I was thinking does it make sense for you to get in the bag and for your cat to bring you in?
Mm-hmm, but I couldn't even figure out a justification for that
You know even then someone could say look what the cat dragged in and everyone would laugh really hard. Yeah
If the cat doesn't fit or seems cramped reconfigure how you packed your travel bag probably didn't need a wiki how tip for that
You probably you probably could assume that I'm not gonna keep jamming stuff into this this
The basket that you have tasked me with sneaking into the office until the cat begins to push through it like a Play-Doh mold
I probably wouldn't figure out on my own that I should try and fucking fix it instead of hurting my cat with squishing
For a smooth transition from home to office prepare your cat back a few days
Before you plan to sneak your cat into work
Okay
In case there's a fire in your apartment building and you have to go straight to work from it have your go your go bag
You should have a go bag ready to go. I mean just yeah for your cat. Okay, toady mckinney on the day
It's time for the crime feed your cat. Can I just say I've been looking forward to this?
This is like the moment and like oceans 11 where we've seen everything like all the prep and now here comes the big twist
That we are never like the moment in the walk when Philip petite has organized
You can't talk about this justice his crew for the coup and he's ready to walk ze line
Okay from one of the beautiful towers and then we're supposed to root for this guy Justin. We are supposed to root for this person
This is my great dream
to walk across the void
He's a bad guy in this movie and no one sees that we're watching his movie like he's the hero. No, he's not
He's making a lot of people very nervous
Listen, I love talking about Roberts Mex's fly at the line. Yeah as much as anybody
It's weird that he had to do a CGI of his wife. No, it's the wire
Yeah, the wire is a different thing woke up this morning
Bought myself. That's the Sopranos. We're really off. Holy shit. Yeah. Yeah. All right feature cat breakfast. You should be doing that anyway
No, we gotta keep you hungry for the
Encourage the way you get sales encourage your cat to use the litter box. I would love to know how a person does that?
Go go. Yeah, come on. Come on. Get that little hiney in that. That's thing. I found just to keep it fresh
Yeah, that's true. That's your cats love spoiling stuff. Don't they? Oh, this is all new and clean. Oh, is it?
Oh, let's see about that. It's business. Give your cat lots of affection and attention before you place in a bag. I love you. I
Love you. Get it
Instead of transferring the cat to the bag while you get ready for work make the transfer the last thing you do before you leave
The house again. Yeah, don't do it before you go shower and brush your teeth and eat an egg
To be fair. I thought it was going to say like instead of transferring the cat to the bag transfer the bag to the cat
Yeah, just slam it right down on top of him and yell jam in the office with the kitty be confident. Oh, yeah. Yeah
In general, I think that must be good
After all, it's not really the first thing co-workers imagine different about Smith. He deserves a promotion
He's confident like a man with a cat in the bag. Yeah
After all, it's really it's not really the first thing co-workers imagine when another co-worker arrives at work
Oh Alice must have a cat in her bag
Yeah, I don't know if it smells like piss and you hear I would be like, hey Alice
Is that a fucking cat in your bag?
This is one thing for me to say but even wilder for you to do
Is that a cat in your bag look around the office to see if anyone's around your office or desk?
um
But confidently, I guess
Get away get away get away turn on your computer get set up for the day time for normal work for me
Clickety-clackety-clickety-clackety clicky-clack-clack business reports
And then decide whether having your cat let out of the bag is a sensible option
Are you fucking kidding me after ice? That's gone after I spent $300 to create of what is a pretty chill zone a pretty
Nice CZ for mr. Whiskers and I'm just gonna let him out into the general public
That care was done one time. I flew with my cat when we were moving back to Cincinnati
I flew with the cat and
When we were going through security and I don't know if this is a standard procedure or what?
we had to take the cat out of the bag and carry the cat through the scanner and put the bag through the thing and
All I could think like if I let go of this cat for a second. She's gone forever
Yeah, yeah, she'll board a flight to New York City. It'll be like a home alone to situation. Absolutely
Then like is there's a bunch of tips that's like put some food and water out
Yes
Anticipate his needs by setting up the litter box after an hour of being out of the bag
Margaret didn't I do didn't anticipate the need of it not wanting to be in the bag
Like I need to not be in this bag. You didn't anticipate that need
Why are you gonna think about the cat's knees now?
You're only thinking about your own and I just say you guys we listen
We have a lot of fun here and we talk a lot about wizard of the cloud and stuff this I'm uncertain
What the end goal of that?
Like what is the you brought your cat to work to fix what problem you think the cat's happier?
Are you happier? It's like you said? Well, the cat doesn't seem to like that. I go to work
How can I make both the cat's life and my workday a thousand times more stressful to convince the cat?
It never wants to go to work with me again
Um
Let's talk about end of the day
Target to go home kick back. Have a beer with your cat
Go to happy hour with the cat but ask it to please be quiet
Target to go home or not to drink because it's driving. Yep. This will allow you to escape crowds or peak hour traffic
All things that could potentially cause kitty stress. Yeah. Hey boss. I'm taking off. It's 130. Yeah
Yep, it's yeah, it's it gets crowded out there. You know, I came in at 430 though, so
It's fine
Place your cat's items back in the bag, of course shut down your computer, etc. A mission accomplished
Like finish clean up your desk any crumbs on there? Why were you eating lunch your dress? Come on, man
Take some time for yourself. Don't work through the lunch break and then it says mission accomplished
You've successfully sneaked your cat into the work for a day
but get ready like go ahead and start getting the bag ready for tomorrow because now this is it this is your life you love
this now
Some quick Q&A. Why would you bring a cat to work in the first place answer? Why not?
Here's the problem once you get you got to set goals for
Once you get used to the thrill of taking your cat to work
You're gonna have to start chasing like bigger and better highs, right?
You're gonna have to be to start bringing other things to work. Yeah, I brought my cat to work
I'm gonna bring my car into work, right? Like what are you like? You're just gonna have to keep moving up until eventually
Your house is at work
Yeah, that's great. Yeah, I wanted to see your boss walk into your office and you're a little in your cubicle
But you also have a Honda Civic in there. What no, this is a new computer. This is a new client boss
You're embarrassing me this good. Well, I'm trying to close the Honda deal
Is it better to leave the cat at home? Yes
There's no logical reason to bring your cat to work if your cat gets lonely or bored
You could pay a neighbor to come and pets it
Okay. Well you just wasted my time. That's like saying like Danny Oceans gonna rob the casino. Well, he could just get a job
It's way easier. No fucking duh. No, that's not the point
Should I should I ask my boss if I'm allowed to bring a pet? Yes
It's better to ask your boss so you don't get caught and risk losing your job. Hey boss
Can I bring my cat to work? No, okay fucking idiot. All right. I already did
I definitely will Sally did look around you. It's all cats it. Wait a minute. Wait accounting cats
What HR cats? It's all cats. You're everywhere. It's everywhere. No, you can't bring your pet your cat to work. Okay
What's that sound comes from your briefcase
It's funny sound
Machine of cat getting sick in bag. It's a joke briefcase. I got from Spencer give
Did you call it Spencer gift? Yeah. Yeah, they only had one left. They have one is the only one they made
Anyway, well, I feel like really I'm ready to take my cats at work. Yeah
Yeah, you know what I mean? Yeah, let's take let's take cats to the to the money zone. All right, let's go
Are we all waiting for the other ones to start it always kind of feels like that now with the money zone
Is that we're just in like a reservoir dog standoff to see who's going to be the first one to start talking
Well, the problem is is that there's only two ads and there's three of us. So it's always yeah
Right. So somebody gets a sweet look. Yeah
We don't work, but right
Why don't we start things off then and I'll do a fake ad for a fake company that doesn't exist
So the other two companies can't get mad at me because it's like not you know what I mean? Yeah. Yes
Do you guys ever do you guys ever worry about?
About hornets coming out of your house and
Attacking you and your family while you sleep
Well, I don't know I actively worry about that all the time. Well, I want to tell you about buzzer boys and
This is a new sir an online service
you can get the app on your phone and if you use our promo code you get one extra buzzer boy for free and
these are
Children
From your neighborhood and it's good for them too because they can spend this money on beyblade and
And what it is is the app lets you find children in your neighborhood to chase the hornets around inside your house
until they get so tired that
both the boys and the
Hornets that they just kind of stop
They just leave after a while or they sting the buzzer boys and then again
It's not your problem anymore because that's the one day and don't worry. All our buzzer boys are
Guaranteed not allergic to hornets. We have a very really
My girl and you're like no no way. We're not gonna get caught like that again. So we do definite tests
And they are accredited and they are gonna make you feel comfortable as they run around your house yelling while you are asleep
Which is not if you can ask you a question. I don't want to step on your yeah
Yeah, do you have a website yet for your for buzzer boys? They don't have like a phone number
No, they don't have either of those because if you wanted to get that going I would don't do it
Recommend Squarespace. Oh, wait, hold on wait buzzer boys gonna be fucking pissed off if you interrupt their ad to do another
I know you were but you were gonna do that
You know what now?
Now fucking twist in the wind. Okay, so buzzer boys, they're cool. They're clean boys
None of these chocolate, you know stained
shirts
No smudging's
They smell great. And they're definitely fresh boys. These are fresh buzzer boys and they're don't help them
They're not a scare. They don't get us scared of these of these flying menaces
And they don't kill the bugs either. That's important to say they would never do that
They just chase them out of the house really awkward
But like I don't feel comfortable advertising for buzzer boys because I actually I use buzzer beaters
Which they do they do kill the big deal out of like we kill the hornets from well
It says here it says here unlike some other child based
Hornet services we do not kill the hornets. We are this is a this is a very ethical operation
So anyway, it seems like such a short-term solution. We're buzzer beaters
So anyway, if you will beat the bugs
So anyway, if you want to get on board with buzzer boys
We have a special offer for you two buzzer boys for the price of one buzzer boy. All you have to do is go to
Your local community center or rec center and look at the billboard there
But the bulletin board and if it says something about buzzer boys on it, you're good to go
It's only in a few cities now. So wait, there's these come when you need them
You don't need to like call or anything. We are seeking ten and a half million dollars in startup funding
Yeah
If you know anyone who works on Shark Tank
Go to your community center find us find us and God these fucking hornets are getting so big guys
They're getting so big
The end there's less of them but they're bigger there's less of them but they're huge
For extra money we can get you a third buzzer boy that will collect the hornets wonderful, honey
And you don't have that fresh you can have that fresh in your smoothie and it'll help you not be allergic to stuff anymore
They do kill the hornets for that though
They squeeze them over a over a big jar
Now that's actually good to hear because the one problem I have with buzzer beaters is I feel like all that honey is going
To waste it's going to waste it ends up all over the honey service, but my
But the buzzer boy number three goes crazy on them and will just squish fistfuls of these guys over jars
Until you wake up and you drink what comes out of them and get strong. What if I ask him to stop will he stop?
Actually once you have signed a contract to get the third buzzer boy in there
He cannot stop
He'll tell you when he's ready to stop this is so important Griffin because this is an issue I have with buzzer beaters
Oh, yeah, actually they'll leave, right
Once they've had their fill. Yeah, sure
Once they've had their fill of honey or had their fill of chasing hornets
There's actually a special fee that you have to pay to make the boys leave
And it is so much more money than what you pay to get them into your house
Okay. All right. So can I just keep the boys there if I decide like what the hornets might come back?
All right, so Squarespace is a great way to make a website
Yeah, our shows sponsored in part by Squarespace who?
Probably won't get as much ad time as buzzer boys, but still let's make it count
And if you want to make your dream count, you need a website
photographers agencies
Real estate brokers. Everybody's using Squarespace to make a great website. You can showcase your work
You sell products and services of all kinds promote your physical or online. What's wrong?
Did you get attacked by a hornet cuz have I got a service for you the time for buster boys is done
Well, you better got them to customize
beautiful customizable templates created by world-class designers
Everything's optimized for mobile like phones. Oh
That's what that means
mobile with a me like phones
Oh, they got free and I guess pads, you know tablets blackberries fab and
Fablets which have fallen out of favor, but are still a threat like a fabulous tablet
It's like phones. It's like a half phone half tablet does both
It's like a tablet that you hold your face do phone calls
okay, go to squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial and
When you're ready to launch know that we believe in you
But also use the offer code my brother to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain
Hey Justin
You know when you get home from the grocery store. Oh
Okay, it wasn't done and you're like, oh no, I forgot the biscuits
You know, I'm like, I forgot the biscuits
Cooper's gonna have my head. You know what I mean? Yeah. Well good news loves biscuits. Yeah, you can
Spare yourself your daughter's wrath by going to doordash because if you forget that one thing from the store
Well, let's face it. We all do you can get those essentials in 30 minutes with doordash because they connect you with the restaurants
You love right now and right to your and you get grocery essentials like biscuits or like flaky biscuits or like
Like the honey biscuits any kind of biscuits and other stuff, too
You get drinks snacks and other household items delivered in under an hour with a contactless delivery drop-off setting
So for a limited time our listeners can get 25% off and zero delivery fees on their first order
$15 or more when you download the doordash app and enter code MBM BAM
That's 25% off at a $10 value and zero delivery fees on your first order
When you download the doordash app in the App Store and enter code MBM BAM
Don't forget that's code MBM BAM for 25% off your first order with doordash subject to change terms apply doordash
Get you biscuits
You I'm John Moe my show depressed mode is all about mental health and this week
I talked with Amanda Knox. She spent four years in an Italian prison for a murder
She didn't commit that's a lot of trauma and she's okay talking about it
If I touch on something that you'd rather not get into just say so we'll cut the whole exchange out
But it also seems like you're pretty open open about a lot of things. Yeah. Yeah
I am having trouble imagining anything that you could talk about that. I know what are we gonna throw a man tonight?
Depressed mode with John Moe only on maximum fun
For over a decade max fun con has been an incredible weekend of learning connecting and laughing with folks in the max fun community and
If all goes according to plan the last regularly scheduled max fun con will take place in Lake Arrowhead from June 3rd to June 5th
2022 we have a very limited number of tickets remaining to make them available to the maximum number of people
We'll be opening our wait list for tickets on January 23rd at 5 p.m
Pacific that'll be your chance to be first in line to purchase tickets and we'll go down the wait list until we're at capacity
More details at max fun con.com and mark your calendars for Sunday, January 23rd at 5 p.m. Pacific
You
Was that a drumroll or a doorknock
It sounds like a doorknock, but there's no door like we're miles away from Justin
Hello
Hi, boy. Okay. Hey Richard. Hi. How's it going? It's your first episode, right?
Oh first one of winter every season I appear then there, you know, there's no need to fear
You know, you say that Richard, but you have been appearing more and more you're ready to have a good think
Prepare yourself for Richard's thing
Wrote my own. Now. Wait, what is it about you that sort of?
Tickles the cerebellum and really really challenges
Challenges think about fragrance think about your life and how you sting for most of it
Think about how you have no fragrance and thus no memory. No one will remember you when you leave
Hey Richard, you are probably the closest thing. I have to an expert that I can ask this question
Okay in the movie in canto when Camilo changes into
Does he smell not doing does he smell like the person? I
Need everyone to listen to me. It's the first regular episode of winter. I can only come once a season
This is the law set forth, but I am Richard's think I am a fragrance expert and the follower of the one Christ child
So happy to be back with you guys. It's a big show and I've been working on different jokes
Oh, you got jokes now
I've been working on jokes do it
Well, it's I don't really I'm not I'm not right jokes it's more like in the oh it's contextual so funny you bust out
Oh, yeah, Richard. I want you to know I've been using that imaginary authors set. You got me a lot more
Do yeah, what's your favorite man? The one that's like a waffle cone. Oh
Yeah, that's a collaboration with salt and straw the ice cream people right that one. Oh, yeah. I love that. That's nice
Griffin yeah, I'm I've I just bought a new
Bar your wife tells me you smell bad girlfriend. She hate this. Whoa. Wow. Okay
She hate all of a sudden. I don't really feel like talking to our wives
Yeah, I don't feel like playing anymore in the space right now. They text they text me
Why you know you smell great, but I just a joke I do this joke sometimes to keep people on their toes
This is one of the jokes. I worked on. Okay, but one of my jokes
I wrote the first one I have on my notepad here
If you can see off I'll hold up my notepad to the microphone so you can see the first joke I have is your wife
hate the way you smell
Yeah, that's I guess it's kind of a lie though. If it's not true and Jesus doesn't like what are you doing here, Richard?
That's a good question. I know what the fuck you're doing here. Richard's the same
Are you doing anything different than you usually do here Richard? Yeah, very different man. Is it different smells?
Difference. No. Yeah, I'm talking about new fragrances because it's winter. We got to get you ready
That's a good winter fragrance like I've like a campfire smell
To warm warm
Why don't you just let him talk instead of trying to guess what this I'm trying to impress him Griffin. Yeah, I'm
Unimpressible man. Listen, really, right?
Listen, I want to talk to you guys about celebrity fragrances because celebs
That's how you want to all be smelling like right?
Do you want you look at your favorite person on TV or movie or poem book?
And you think I would love to smell like this person and now you can't with the power of celebrity fragrance
Sure, what poets I wonder are all up in this industry right now. I never read the poem. I don't know
I just mean Johnny Sun did a book right? I would smell like Johnny Sun
Yeah
So now so now you can smell like all your favorite different people and I'm so excited to talk to you guys about
I
The thing is that I should mention. I don't know much about like America celebrity
Okay, so I don't know like how cool or not cool these people are but I love the way they smell
Yeah, I mean if they have a fragrance, they're probably pretty fucking cool Clive Barker. He's like a master of horror
Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Yeah, he's got he's got Clive Barker's The Forbidden
that does sound like a
Scary movie Clive Barker might make though. It's a line right? There's three of them. So the first one we're gonna get you into is
Foolish and vacuous perfume oil what that's what it's it's called
Foolish and vacuous perfume oil. This is from black Phoenix
Alchemy lab foolish and vacuous perfume oil. Here is the description, right? There's no notes
It just says a scent with no depth a light Reedy almost vapid take on a classic
Men's for jail. Oh, I actually I'll take that. Yeah, no, that sounds like he's saying this perfume sucks shit
Yeah, it's not that
It smells like water some chips smells like pine water the day burned white
The day burned white this smells like plaster and spray paint modeled with buttermilk
Wait, what the fuck is Clive Barker making perfume or is he having a vision?
Plaster and spray paint modeled with buttermilk sweet chalky and edging on sickly
Fuck off!
White and golden amber beams of daylight pour through the belly of the scent
We had we had some serious contract work being done on our
Desiccated bathroom for most of last year very few times
Did I walk into that room when it had been freshly drywalled or painted and said I'd love to smell like this all the time
Well, you were missing the buttermilk Griffin. That's maybe the buttermilk sets it sets it right off
Do you want to smell like Tim McGraw's love? No, wait, what was the third one from Clive Barker?
It's a collaboration with Tim McGraw
Sweet to the sweet
Sugar upon sugar honey upon honey white cane sugar and honey. Absolute. That will bring in the hornets for sure. No
Did he make Candyman?
He is the Candyman. I think he did. This next one
I don't know this celebrity, but I think you guys would be maybe you guys have come walk me through it
His name is a grumpy cat. Oh
Oh, yeah, this is a cat everyone
Liked so much because he looked pretty pretty peoed most of the time. Unlike most cats. I do think he passed away
But it's cool that he's still getting that cheddar
Well, he's not
His descendant so he's a grumpy cat is that the cat it says on the tin? Yeah
Is he dead? I think I don't know. I'm thinking might have hit that rainbow bridge pretty hard
So this is from the meter there cuz a lot of fragrances. I really like actually they've
Petrichor, which is a smell after a rain. Yeah, come on. Yeah, but but grumpy cat
This one's called kitten fur and it's a smell a
wonderful kitten smell from that spot right behind the kittens neck and
It's wonderful feelings. There's nothing no breakdown. It just smells like cat from the grumpy cat
I don't love the idea of someone knowing
Where the best smelling part of their cat is that's it just a level of
Intimacy that I don't I don't I don't much agree with
Would you like to smell like the love of Tim McGraw? Yeah, this one
soul to soul
Tim McGraw two-piece set a two-piece sets much like Tim McGraw and faith Hill whose love everlasting love is
is captured finally in a great juice a
Spray juice as we call it in the industry. This is inspired by faith healing Tim McGraw's classic
American love story soul to soul is a number
So it's kind of oh that is cool
Tim McGraw captures
Soul to soul Tim McGraw captures Tim's modern confidence
Balanced with the classic romance Tim and faith represent his his modern competence as a lover
It's a lover the fragrance opens with sensual spices
Balanced with a brandy accord. That's the foreplay baby a brandy accord
The heart is a classic blend of woods with hints of exotic herbs that lead to a sexy yet rugged
That's the fucking and then the cool down, okay, yeah you get that pumping
Tim's got everything for you this fragrance that him and
Faith Hill shared together with their love. It smells like the room after they've seen it. Does that
Particular spray juice come with a cowboy hat shaped lid because some of his earlier ones did
This one is a little more upscale. Okay, okay. I
Got them. I got this next one. I got to just show you guys. Well, okay, that's gonna be tough
I show it that's in the computer. Hold on
Don't start it just oh, yeah, I'm gonna play the audio and we'll watch it together, right?
Don't say anything cuz I'm gonna unmute
Ready? Ready? Three, two, one go
Oh
Philippine
Limits the fragrance for the loaded
So that's a Philip line. I've never felt dumber
Asking the question. I'm about to ask who is that? Yeah, he's a he's a German
German fashion designer. It's like a lifestyle buddy. Well, he's also my he's also my best man
If I ever get to marry Philip and I agree we go be each other's best man
If we don't have anybody if we've not found anybody to love by the time we're 27 we get married to each other
This is the deal now the deal that we made. Wait, how old are you?
24. Okay, I got three years and I you know, I do I end up married to Philip. It's not so bad
It's a beautiful house and a great lifestyle that seems to really respect women in a major way. Yeah, sure
that that ad seems to
Put a lot of stock and people being excited about it being Philip plying and there were some things obviously the the thesis of that
That video and I suppose the smell itself is this is
Cologne for people with a lot of money
Is a fragrance for the load, right?
But there were also things that people were doing with money in that video that I don't think anyone
Especially wealthy people do with money like at one point a woman was just rubbing money on a car and I don't yeah
I don't know like to clean it clean
Notoriously dirty
Yeah, also the the fragrance it looks like a credit card. Yeah, that's true
Yeah
That part of it is definitely badass do super rich people often carry their money around and those guns that shoot money out
Is that like a normal rich person thing? Hey, how much was that? Yeah, you got it
There you go, man. That's four hundo right there. Enjoy. I guess it's how you pay for it. Listen. Hey, hey Richard
What do you think just quick question?
Do you think that 2022 will be the year that my brother my brother to me answers more than one question per episode?
Or do you think that that's just gonna remain?
Just to remain like a normal
trajectory for us
What don't worry about it. Don't worry about it Richard. Hey, listen, I got one more to tell you about this one
You're gonna have to search it out on the bay on the bay
A bay. Oh, okay. Why it's a auction site. What cuz it listen
This one's like you didn't hear about this from me. Oh, this is like dark stink
Yeah, this is like other grounds think this is traded this fragrance is traded because it's a league
Oh, it's like a cryptic smell. Yeah, so right. So the year is
2004 it is Jessica Simpson is burning. It's a story man
Come on, Jesus. Forgive me Jesus. I am so sorry for taking your name in vain. You're my blessed Savior apologies
So so it's 2004, right?
Jessica Simpson is burning up the charts and burning down our hearts with a great reality show with Nick Lachey and
probably
Look of hazard. Yeah. Yeah, that was probably around then so then
Jessica Simpson launched desert beauty
Right desert. It's a lot. No, listen, this is the thing about it. Okay
You you eat what?
You eat the perfume
You eat it you eat the things you eat them you so you eat up excursion pool
body cream
body wash
Blush and for our purposes perfume and you eat
You're all edible like actually edible and not like yeah, you could eat the shampoo you shouldn't yeah
So we're going to talk about the fragrance here because I'm my name or Richard's
Here and it's called deliciously kissable belly button love potion for a shit. Yes
Right. It's amazing
Incredible. It's so good, right? No, it is bad
The people they hate this yeah, this is real this is a real stories I
Tell you what lady from the butterscotch
Body wash got yeast infections very bad
I one person put on deliciously kissable belly, but the love potion fragrance and according to their review were chased by bees. No, but
Then just decision she started getting sued a lot. Yeah, and apparently a lot of people don't think it's good to eat your make
Lot of bombers maybe
Well a lot of stinkers. I bet it was Nick
And a lot of people got kind of sick
Based based on dessert beauty. Well, no one could have seen that coming
You know what I mean? Like that could have happened to anyone eating perfume makes you sick couldn't who knew who knew?
So there's this I'm gonna read to you this story from days digital which recaps an episode member newlyweds
Oh, yeah, he's a shawl right with Nick and Jessica
So 2004 there's this episode where I'm just gonna read to you
Simpson is shooting the campaign to launch dessert beauty
Simpson is being shown some of the products from the range clearly for the first time and has no idea about any of them
Upon being shown the whipped body cream and told it's a moisturizer Simpson responds. So it moisturizes, huh?
Then we watch Simpson post seductively with a cupcake
progressively being forced to eat more and more icing until she feels so ill she ends up crouched on the bathroom floor eating crackers her mother
Brought her and then she throws up for three hours. It's a poison. She's
To everyone and then she gets sued and if you can't get it anymore, but here's the thing about this shit
It smells so good. That's it. That's a problem about deliciously kissable belly button
Fragrance it smells so good
That a lot of people think it's creamy and yummy warm vanilla berry. No, don't eat it. Oh, wait a minute to which
Sense, is it creamy?
It's just like regular creamy shit one reviewer
Wrote on makeup alley.com 17 years ago yet another product
I wasted my money on the smell is faint and which is a good self-burn. You did it again user
Shaq the cat
Shaq the cat you wasted more money. The smell is faint lasts only a few minutes and who would want to lick a belly button?
Can I say though it sounds like shitty perfume but
I'm glad that the smell is faint if I'm eating it, you know what I mean?
Like I can't eat you can't eat perfume
So they that certain certain compromises had to be made but it also makes you sick though
So they didn't compromise that much. It doesn't make you pretty sick. I
Received juicy in a sample size and the smell was nice and sweet
It only stayed on me for about one minute and then faded while I got the leftover sticky mess on my wrist and neck not to
Mention I was followed everywhere by me man. Do not purchase this
So yes, this is no longer on the market and I kid about Jessica seems in poisoning people is clear
She has no idea what these products and it seems like she's having something of a renaissance. So I'm
Listen, no shade Jessica. Anyway, that's some different fragrances you can choose from for winter
I hope that you get something just please God
don't wear like
Green Irish tweed or something like that Virgin Island the water or like, you know
Like a fragrance like that, like please keep it winter. Okay. Thank you. Goodbye. His axe body spray good. Oh, he's gone
Some axis good. Yes. Whoa
What about bod spot still in there, but but is no longer in
The okay, but there's a good there's some good acts you get that I mean by a mall there too
By a wall don't put me to a pool swim around
Play with your kids for once. All right complete. We really gotta wrap this episode up. I gotta go in the show
All right, everybody. Thank you so much
Okay
Thank you so much everybody for coming to our symposium. We hope you learned something not just he's back
Yeah, we heard his life gasp just he's capable of doing this
I was just gonna tell people to take what they've learned out into the world and but that's fine
Hey, if you want to go to macro emerge calm, we've got a lot of great stuff there
There's a pin of the month
everybody has a knife which is benefiting the Center for reproductive rights which uses the power of law to advance reproductive rights as
Fundamental human rights around the world
There's also the guppies want me blink sharks fear me sticker designed by Caitlin Eberle
and
Who is kiwi be on Twitter? You want check them out? I also just want to say real quick two things one
I we just did an episode on shmanners about posture that I thought was really really fun if you guys want to check that out
Also, I haven't mentioned in a while. I do some streaming stuff on Twitch
I try to stream a couple times a week. You can find me over on Twitch
Twitch TV slash the Travis McElroy. I've also been streaming on our YouTube channel or not streaming. Yeah, I guess streaming
Yeah, it is live. So that's streaming, right? Yeah, that's yeah
Okay
Anyway, I've been playing a very bad version of the Legend of Zelda link to the past where I'm Guy Fieri
And I die in one hit and everything's in the wrong place. It's been a hoot. I ruined it. It's called trial by Fieri
I think you're gonna like it. There's been three episodes and I'm really beating ass
Thank you to montaigne for the use for a theme song with you
Juice is extra stoked about that one
And
Thanks to thanks to max fun, you know, we have a lot of we have a lot of fun here
I would say the maximum amount and so it's you know, it's accurate
Do you guys want the final yahoo?
Yeah, just yeah, I definitely got it
send him by Jared
And thank you Jared, it's asked by yahoo answers user
User Asks
Griffey dropped out. Yeah, I don't I just don't have it asks
the website has
We are so it has a weird internet symbols. It's ASCII art. Oh, really?
Wow, yes, this is ASCII art and
Let me see what it is. Yes, see if you can see it in the picture. Yeah, I'll just clean up my desktop here
We got I'm gonna scoot back from the computer because it might be like a magic eye thing. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. Oh
Yeah
What are you saying? What are your elf I see? It's
Yeah, okay
So asks nothing but it's ASCII art of Spyro the dragon and he's holding like a gun and he's a cigar
Yeah, dude, that's awesome, I'm Griffin I'm Lord Griffin McElroy
Oh my brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
You better it's better
To Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
