The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello and welcome to my brother, my brother meat advice show for the modern era. What a
thrill it is to be back. My name is Justin McElroy. I'm your oldest brother. I'm your
middle brother, Travis McElroy, and I'm the nasty man. Hey guys, it's me, the nasty man.
Is nasty man a 30 under 30 media luminary?
Yeah, the nasty man, they didn't take that away. When I became nasty man,
I emailed Forbes just as a courtesy, like, hey, are you going to strip my title? You're
going to put an asterisk up there. Are you going to lower my banner and burn it in the
ceremonial fire? And they said, no nasty man. And I thought that was sweet that they did call me
the new name. They said, no nasty man, you can stay on the list. And they updated the website.
So now it says the nasty man.
It actually says Griffin McElroy, and it's all the same. And there's a huge asterisk. I mean,
like comically huge asterisk. And it says, just a fair warning, ladies and germs. He's a nasty man.
Yeah. And it says germs in like,
comic sans to let you know that that part is in fact kind of a joke because I got the bronchitis
gang. I got it deep down, down, deep in my lungs. Hey, deep in my lungs. And it's bad. And did you
know that when you are a professional podcaster, you really just can't get bronchitis? It's like,
you're really not supposed to do it. And so when I saw the big bronchitis hose
hanging off of that abandoned warehouse, and I was like, I'm gonna take a huff on that.
I should have known that it would have been a mistake. But I didn't, in curiosity,
made the cat get bronchitis. It's funny. I've been on a course. My wife got,
she has a name at Sydney. My wife got the flu because she works at the flu store,
pretty much. And she got the flu and she brought it home. So I went on a prophylactic dose of
Tamiflu. So I was taking one Tamiflu a day. And that's very funny. Like we should talk about the
fact that it does sound like you're talking about a rubber or a Jimmy cap. It is hysterical. Yeah.
So I'm taking that. And it's the closest I've ever had to having a superpower. Like I'm just
wandering around town. I see a sick person and I run up and I embrace them. Yeah. Like,
because they haven't had touch. I would love a big embrace right now. I of course ask consent
first. And then I give them a huge bear hug. I just say like, it's going to be okay. And they're
like, but Justin, no, don't. And then I'm like, it's fine. It's fine. I also have like a sinus
infection, which is really cool. And what's really cool and is cool about it is that right now,
I don't know, 15 minutes ago, took my cough syrup that did have codeine in it. And I did take a
Sudafed, the max strength 24 hours one, because I do not fuck around. That real Welter White shit.
And so my brain isn't one. For the most part, the two lobes are like the left side's team codeine.
And it's like, let's just chill. And the right side is team Sudafed. And it's like, yeah, that
sounds pretty good. And so I'm excited for what the nasty man is going to bring to this episode.
Travis, how's your health? Oh, my health is great. I'm recording this from a hotel room in San
Francisco for San Francisco Sketch Fest. Got any lotions? What? Lotions. Do you have them from the
hotel? Oh, yes. I'm going to steal those lotions. My voice is a little rough, but not from sickness,
just from just laughing and screaming in joy. Well, I'm glad to hear that, Trav. You big
shithead. Well, I also have something so important to tell everyone, Griffin. Lean in. Everybody lean
in. You don't want me that close to you, bud. The hotel room I'm in is 420. No. No, you did it.
It's the dream. I did it. I'm in the lead number. I live in it now. What was your exact reaction when
they told you? I think I just kept saying, really? Really? Like a child who had just come downstairs
on Christmas to find an Ewok Village playset below the tree. How many people at the Sketch
Fest did you find an excuse to tell your hotel room? But in a not creepy way. Everyone was very
jealous, legitimately. I think just because I'm here with so many stand-up comics and performers
who are like, and you know they love weed. Yeah. And not only that, but if I had the go-to punch
line of I'm in the weed number, they would use it. But here I am using it on my recorded,
whimsical podcast with my brother and my brother and me. Yeah, I mean, it's a sure-fire hit. I
don't know if you can tell from our response, just like busting chucklenuts over here, but
it's a sure-fire. Really? They use that number? You know, the weed one? I would think it would be
like the 13th floor. Yes, when they skip the 13th floor, you think they would do that and it's like,
we can't put the weed number in here? Yeah. That's too funny. Anyway, so this is gonna be a real
episode of content. So should we do that? Yeah, I mean, yeah, for sure. Nobody's gonna say by the
time they get to the end of the episode, they won't be able to say, well, that wasn't an episode
of a podcast. I think it'll be pretty undeniable that what we've done here is put together a real
podcast episode in terms of content. Yeah. My wife and I recently moved to Michigan. My wife!
Okay, nasty man. My wife and I recently moved to Michigan where it is very cold in the wintertime.
Heard that. Shut up. To keep warm, my wife made a sweat dress, which is a full-length dress made
entirely of the material used to make sweatshirts and sweatpants. It's very warm, but we're not sure
whether it is appropriate to wear to work. Is my wife's new gray sweat dress appropriate work
attire or is it just a pajama dress? And that's Andrew from Ann Arbor. Last night, because of all
the football that happened, and it was apparently very good football. Yeah, a lot, TDs all over the
place. I heard at least eight teams get mentioned, which seemed wild to me. Yeah, and because of the
football, everything on all the channels was delayed like a half hour. And so that's why I
was accidentally watching Shark Tank. And Juicy watches that. I know you like to get up. I watch
every app, baby. You swim with the fishes. There was a gentleman who pitched a product there,
and fuck me, I guess it worked because here we are mentioning it on our nationally syndicated
podcast. Which, by the way, I'm so glad we finally got syndication. You know, that's where the money
is. There was a gentleman who pitched a product that was called Dude Robe, and it was kind of this.
It was sort of like fleece lined robe hoodie line, and it was called Dude Robe, which I thought was
not inclusive in the way that I like my products to be. It sounds like you kind of have developed
an alternative to Dude Robe, and I'm very much into that. Now, I will say the Sharks did pass
on Dude Robe. So if you're looking for sort of commercial viability of your new product,
and if their acumen is to be trusted, I don't think there's much of a profit future for you.
Is it appropriate to wear to work? I mean, is it the material or the cut?
Yeah, the cut is so important. Is it a, you know, a, I know nothing about dresses. Oops. Cocktail
dress, you know, that's one. Wedding is another. Yeah, that's another. I don't think it's a wedding
dress, although I would be very into that sort of casual approach. Dude, a pajamas wedding, please
hook me up. If I'm staying up past, you know, 11 anyway, then I would love to just be in my off
court buddies ready for this sack. I love your ingenuity here, your wife's ingenuity here though.
I think this could really take off. You think it's not about whether or not, here's the thing.
Don't wear it to work because your new job is sweat dress. Yeah. Your new job is promoting
and selling this apparently commercially unviable product, and I'm a little worried about that.
The real issue is that this gentleman wanted $220 for each dude robe, which seems like a lot,
sir. Yeah, I'm not going to pay that much for, I wouldn't pay $10 for a product if it was called
dude robe. If it was just called- Dude anything. Dude anything is a tough putt. Dude repellent,
maybe I would buy that. Yeah. I will also say, Andrew, you and your wife, I think,
need to do a little brainstorming because I think maybe sweat dress doesn't trip off the tongue.
So I was going to say this, Travis, and then I started thinking, if you think about it,
sweatpants is like, that's gross. It's really gross. But that's established at this point.
It's a little late for us to change sweatpants and sweatshirts. It's established, but it's like,
if you think about it for just a second, and that's what we're all about here,
I'm your brother, my brother and me, sort of like deeper, like diving deeper into
the things that we just sort of pass by. Sweatpants. That's gross.
Yeah, it sounds like some sort of rag you would use for cleaning, and that's why it is the nasty
man's favorite sort of garment. I love this though. Can you just staple on a normal dress fabric to
the outside of it, and then it's your dark secret? And if the answer is yes, then my follow-up
question is, can you come to my house and do that to literally every piece of clothing that I own?
Because yes, well, sweatpants is a nasty word. It's the one you want to be wearing.
What about some embroidery or maybe some bedazzling could happen there to sort of kick
it up a little bit so you keep the comfort factor, but it's also like a little, like maybe you use
gemstones to write the word fancy on it. And that's how you know a clothes is
fancy, Justin. And I'm glad you brought this up. That's why at the Met Gala,
it's fancy, fancy. It's like Juice Newton all up in that place. Speaking of the Met Gala,
maybe we just get Heidi wearing one of these things.
I need to stop for a second and figure out why you said the words Juice Newton a second ago.
I also was wondering this. No, don't help him.
What was Juice Newton's sort of contribution? Was it a phonetic sort of fun you were having,
or was there a deeper level that maybe just kind of whizzed over my head? What was sort of the idea
with saying that? And I guess the real question that's on the tips of everyone's lips is that
I confused Juice Newton and Reba McEntire. Okay, she did fancy. Okay. Yes. Yes. See?
Thank you, Nasty Man. We got inside the bit. So happy to finally have that one.
What was Juice Newton's jam? Juice Newton's jam.
I just Googled Juice Newton's jam. Guys, should we delay the episode recording of the podcast?
Juice Newton, best song. Queen of Hearts. Playing with the Queen of Hearts. That one was what I was
thinking of. Anyway, you guys want to Yahoo? Sure, yeah.
Juice Newton's a very talented performer. You bet.
And this is a very talented Yahoo that was sent in by the delivery man Seth Carlson. Thank you,
Seth. It's Yahoo Answers user Skyler asks, can a ghost charge a phone? Asking because people who
live to my house claim we have a ghost here. I usually charge my phone with a wireless charger.
So I get notification when I place it on the charger. I was standing in the doorway of the
room where the ghost resides and that's in quotes. And suddenly and randomly I get a pop up about my
phone connected to the wireless charger and then phase as it detects the charger is off. However,
my phone was in my hands as I was browsing the net. Or this is a real person by the way,
and they did say browsing the net. Did a ghost energy charge my phone as it walked by?
Or is it just weird technical malfunction? Well, of the two, I think you've got to lean ghosts
on this one if you're applying a skeptical eye. I mean, those electronics cost a lot of money
and it seems weird that they would just malfunction. I remember watching the movie Contact but only
kind of watching it and there was a whole bit in there about Occam's razor and I wasn't paying
and I wasn't paying attention to it. But I think what it meant is that the ghost did charge the
phone in this one. And can I say what a friendly specter that would like? I would want that specter.
I would want to, you know, maybe not murder somebody in a terrible passion, which is how
ghosts get born. But I will say like there have been times where I've been at like a music festival
or at the airport and I forgot to charge my phone where I could use a little,
you know, a little Casper floating around my Samsung and making sure that it gets juiced up.
Now that brings up a question though. Is it platform agnostic? Are there certain ghouls
that charge Samsung devices? Are there certain geists that charge Apple devices?
I mean, I think the key here was introducing wireless charging because ghosts are wireless.
So they hear that and they're like, well, I can fuck with that for sure.
I mean, it's not old, not old ghosts, though. Old ghosts have sort of an they got sort of
an iron lung situation where they do need to be plugged into the wall to go.
Can you imagine being a ghost?
That's why a lot of times, you know, you'll be watching Ghost Adventures and they'll be like,
oh, see that extension cord just kind of whipping around. That's an old, old ghost.
Can you imagine the frustration of being a ghost who like you have been charging
someone's phone for them and then they come home and like Apple has changed like the
charging outlet on the phone and you're like, oh, what? But I'm not I'm not compatible with
lightning chargers.
Fucking Joni. What am I supposed to do now?
I'm just going to knock over some dishes.
Stinker.
What? Stinker. I'm going to smash dishes till you get a new Samsung.
I love the Samsung devices. It's more open platform. Don't give Tim any more money.
Tim Cook.
Ghosts are more compatible with the Samsung platform.
It's just the frickin truth, people, because Tim locks it up so you can't play all your,
you know, emulators and stuff.
Ghosts can't get in it.
Ghosts can't get in it.
This was definitely a good spectral activity. I don't know what else to say.
I'm so convinced of it now. It was. Yeah, it wasn't a fluke.
This is a dead person that got in there and helped you out with a few extra percentage
points that you need to get through the day.
Hey, it's bad enough that Tim made it waterproof, so no squished ghosts can get into it.
Like, all the wet ghosts that are around, they can't get into your phone at all.
What if they need to get in there to help solve a crime for some well-meaning neighborhood kids?
They can't get in it.
What if Ghost Rider got on your phone and was like,
Jesus Christ, there's a lot of pornography on here.
I don't actually want to help with this anymore.
Why is the symbol for Waze a ghost? This is just a thing I've always wondered.
The app Waze, the little icon is a ghost with wheels? Never understood it.
Is that an app with a ghost in it? It used to be that way.
No, it was a car. And they're freaking ghosts.
Did the car crash and turn into a ghost? Another possibility.
Do cars have ghosts?
We can't even start to bust into that one, but yes, especially Teslas.
All-electric hybrid cars? Extremely haunted.
Extremely haunted, but that's how you get to drive from San Francisco to Phoenix on one charge.
You have four or five ghosts sort of pit crewing you there inside the trunk of the one.
So here's my question. I'm walking around my everyday life, then I die.
No.
I know, but in a terrible fashion with lots of unfinished business, and I become a ghost.
So my question is, does that mean that now, right now, sitting here,
I have a ghost inside me, and so everyone is haunted?
Oh, wow. And now we've got to it, folks.
300-some episodes in. The big philosophical one.
Is all of us haunted with a literal ghost inside of us,
just waiting to jump out and do a scare when we die?
The answer is probably. The answer is probably.
All the great theologians and philosophers throughout time agree.
Descartes, the other ones agree. There's definitely a little ghost in there.
Is it scary?
Is it definitely or probably? Is it probably or definitely?
Yeah, probably.
That's why on Descartes' deathbed, he was like,
here it probably comes, and then he died, and then a ghost probably came out.
Okay, Griffin, with all due respect, that's all nonsense and hogwashing bullshit.
Ghosts are not piloting our bodies.
Ghosts are created from somebody dying in a terrible passion.
So you don't, you don't automa- it's like a chemical, you know, with eggs.
Like, if you have an- imagine an egg.
Okay, wait, give me a second. Give me a second. Let me get there.
Let me imagine an egg. Hold on.
Yum!
Yum!
Okay, imagine an egg, okay?
Uh-huh.
Wait, hold on. Am I still imagining the first egg or am I imagining a second egg?
So this is the same egg, okay?
Mmm, yummy!
You crack the egg and crack it into a bowl, okay?
Oh, I'm sorry. I was picturing a hard-boiled egg. Can we start over?
Can we start over?
Yeah, start over. Go get a fresh one. Bring it back out, okay?
What should I do with this- what should I do with this fucking first egg, though?
Because I can't just have a bunch of eggs rattle around my brain.
You keep your egg. Your egg was fresh and organic.
So keep your egg. Travis has got a new one.
Mine's a turtle egg. Should I have said that?
Any egg is fine. Let's say it's a chicken egg.
Any egg will do.
Okay, so crack the egg into a bowl.
Slow down, slow down.
Justin, Baby Turtle came out!
Is this the analogy?
No, it didn't. It's a chicken egg. Just, like, play along with me here, okay?
You didn't tell me to picture a bowl.
Let me warn you now. This isn't that funny.
So if we prolong getting to the end of it,
like, there's not- it's not gonna be worth the payoff.
So you just have to let me just talk you through this, okay?
So you crack an egg into a bowl, okay?
Got it.
And you take the shell and you throw it in the trash, right?
Or you compost it. It's up to you.
I don't know your setup. Did you do that?
Yes.
Yeah, let me imagine a trash can.
Okay.
Okay, so what's in the bowl?
Egg.
Egg.
An egg, right?
Yes.
Okay, so that's weird.
All right, you guys want a yahoo?
Because if you think about it,
it was an egg when it had the shell on it.
You crack it into a bowl, and in the bowl you have an egg.
Yeah.
But it doesn't have a shell. So which is it?
Yeah, so-
And I think ghosts are kind of like that.
Okay, but hold on, Justin. You have just proven my point,
which is the egg is inside the shell the whole time.
And so what you're saying is these fleshy sacks in which we live are the shell,
and the ghost is the human.
I'm saying it's a prison.
I'm saying our bodies are prisons for ghosts.
Okay, because you started this saying that ghosts were not just in there piloting us around,
but rather now you're saying they're trapped.
You shut down any meet Dave jokes that we could have made,
which was fucking selfish of you.
Yeah, but then I listened to my egg thing, and I was like,
fuck, that's a good point.
Hey, speaking of eggs,
I think that maybe we should take a second and explore some
farm wisdom. Farm wisdom.
If you crack an egg into a bowl, it's still an egg.
Farm wisdom.
Welcome to Farm Wisdom.
Nice.
It's a segment on the show that we do when people send in farm wisdom.
And this one was sent in by Becca Fenn. Thank you, Becca.
And I guess before we get started, a quick straw poll from you, my brothers in the audience.
It's appropriate for Farm Wisdom.
Yeah, all good.
So put straw in Comic Sans so you know it's a joke.
And the question I have for you, Justin and Travis,
just straw poll hands up, yes or no vote, is if horses have fingers?
No, they have hooves?
Yeah, I'm going to say no.
Well, Becca says, in the spirit of Collaborating and thinking about these beautiful horse
friends pulling carts, I thought you'd like to know a little bit about their legs.
I come from rural Vermont, so I'm familiar with a lot of farm wisdom.
But finding this out today fucked me up.
Yeah, by the way, heads up, this is going to fuck you right up.
Horses' legs are giant fingers.
The reason they have such poor health outcomes after breaking or otherwise injuring their
legs is because their legs are actually hyper-specialized fingers.
Similar to human fingers, there's very little muscle supporting the bones,
just a lot of cartilage and tendons and whatnot.
This is from a Quora thing about if horses have fingers.
And the answer is, horrifyingly, yes.
The carpus is called the knee, but it is anatomically the wrist.
From the carpus down, the horse has just three finger bones.
The large one in the middle is called the cannon bone, and it goes all the way to the
fetlock joint, which looks like the horse's ankle.
The two vestigial finger bones descending from the carpus and providing lateral support
to the cannon are called splint bones.
The part you might think of as the horse's foot is called the hoof.
I didn't really need that part.
The hoof wall is a particularly tough fingernail material with sensitive tissue beneath it,
just as your fingernail has, and the smallest part of the phalanx bones within it,
anatomically comparable to the tip of your finger.
The oldest equines, this is additional information if your being's not completely freaked out,
the oldest equines have five toes.
As the species evolved, horses gradually dropped their digit number down to four,
three, and then just one.
Like their ancient ancestors, modern horses have the genes for five toes.
Get the fuck out.
So these are fingers.
When you look at a horse, I want you to imagine head, neck, torso, and then four galloping,
cantering, powerful, long, fuzzy fingers with ending in fingernails that are the hooves,
which by the way, horseshoes sound real, real bad now.
They sounded not great before, the whole process looked kind of yucky.
I understand it does provide protection.
Yeah, I mean, when you think about it, you probably don't want to be walking around
directly on your fingernails, but yes, these are fingers now that are on these horses,
so it's fine, now you can do it with your hand, or you make your hand down in a little
walking monster, and that's kind of what a horse is if you think about a big finger
having a walk monster, so.
Wait, so their head is a finger too?
No, you goofball, the head's a head.
The rest of it's though fingers all the way down.
But if you had asked me Griffin, I can't assume that anymore, because you would have
asked me ten minutes ago and I told you their legs were legs.
And I was like, their fingers are legs, and their tail is a finger, and their head is
a finger.
The number one test scientists use for something's a finger is if you cut it off, does the thing
die?
And if you cut a horse's head off, it will die, so it can't be a finger.
It can't possibly be a finger.
And also, if you point at a horse and say, hey, do they point their hand at you or their
head at you, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
So if you go to a horse and you're like, give me five, and the horse is like, no!
Yeah, that's why.
No, please, anything, but I can never leave a bro hanging, but please.
If my math is correct though, each thing, each appendage, we'll call it that, has four
finger bones in it.
So if you asked a horse for five, it would get pretty confused.
It could give you eight or four, otherwise it's going to give you a full five, or a full
four, and that's going to destroy your hand, by the way, and then try to figure out a way
to just get one finger bone up on you.
Ah, this is a challenging episode, just mentally.
One, are we all haunted?
Two, horses are running around on their fingers.
Loving it, though.
But they're not.
This is linguistic nonsense.
They're legs.
You can't just say something's fingers.
We all know what that is.
Didn't know you were a horse boneologist.
No, I'm just saying you can't.
Oh, it's interesting, Justin, I didn't know.
You're so talented in so many different ways.
I didn't know you also had a horse boneology degree.
Where did you study?
Where did you study, Justin, Johns Hopkins?
The School of Hard Knocks.
I've learned the hard way.
Them's his legs, they're not fingers.
You can't trick me.
How come Johns Hopkins is called Johns Hopkins?
Is it referring, does John possess a Hopkins?
Christ almighty.
Anyway, should we go to the money zone?
His parents named him Johns.
All right.
Multiple.
Multiple, so here comes the money zone.
Hey folks, if you want to freshen up your look for the new year,
but you have no idea where to start,
I cannot recommend Stitch Fix enough.
It's a new way to shop for clothes.
They do all the work for you.
You go online, you answer some questions
about your favorite styles and budget.
And it doesn't say fabric allergies on here,
but I'm assuming that's part of it.
And your personal stylist will pick five pieces
based on your preference.
They send you a box and you look at the stuff,
you try the stuff on and you only keep the stuff that you,
or you only pay for the stuff you keep.
The rest of the stuff you put in a bag that comes with the box
and the bag is all pre-postage paid and everything.
And then you ship it right back to them,
the stuff you don't like.
And they take your feedback on the box
and then they do better next time,
which I think is something we should all strive to do
and follow in Stitch Fix's example.
It's not a subscription thing.
You just pay for the clothes that you like.
And I have been using the service for a long time.
Sid's been using it for maternity clothes
and they've sent a lot of stuff to her that she's really dug.
It's hard to find really great maternity stuff,
but they have a really good hit rate.
I think the last box she kept everything.
Yeah, my last two boxes I've kept everything.
I'm wearing a Stitch Fix shirt right now.
They are, I don't know how they like,
I mean, you fill out a survey about what your style is
and your fit and everything,
but it's kind of like magic how well they've got me kind of pegged.
And it's interesting too, the stuff that you,
there's been some stuff where I'm like, I'm not so sure.
And I tried on like, yeah, I guess this is me,
or this is the me I'm going to strive to be.
This is an aspirational shirt.
Sure, you can get started now at stitchfix.com slash my brother
and you'll get 25% off when you keep all five items.
That's stitchfix.com slash my brother.
One more time, stitchfix.com slash my brother.
I want to tell you about Clip.
Let's be honest, none of us do enough for our teeth.
Our teeth have always been there for us.
Us chomping stuff, biting stuff, protecting our tongue.
And yeah, what do we do for them?
Well, it's time.
It's time for you to work together with your teeth.
20 collaborate team, work with your teeth.
You should brush your teeth at least two minutes twice a day,
but do you?
Oh my God, no.
Wowsers, no.
Yeah.
That's four minutes.
What am I supposed to, come on.
I'm a busy man.
So you're going to want to find out about Clip.
So Clip is the new electric toothbrush.
It packs just the right amount of vibrations and everything
into a very slim, cool looking, stylish design
at a fraction of the cost of bulkier brushes.
I am a big fan.
It has now become the brush I both use every day
and travel with because it is compact enough
to bring your electric toothbrush with you
without feeling like it's taking up all kinds of room.
It's a sexy little electric toothbrush.
Yeah, it's great.
And it's got a mount that goes right on the mirror.
So it keeps it up off of everything
and leaves you some counter space there.
And you can get new brush heads delivered every three months
for just $5.
And then it's including free shipping.
So Clip starts at just $25.
And right now, when you go to getclip.com slash my brother,
you get your first refill pack free
with a Clip electric toothbrush.
That's a free refill pack at getclip.com, G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com
slash my brother.
Go check it out.
I have a jumbotron here.
And that is that I want you all to search for matinee manatees
on iTunes, Stitcher, or at matineemanatees.com.
If you listen to podcasts to help you fall asleep,
but you keep getting startled or you wind up staying awake
because you don't want to miss anything interesting,
you may want to try matinee manatees.
It's a podcast that is specifically designed
to fall asleep to.
It's hosted underwater.
And I don't know if that's true or not, but if it is,
fuck yeah, by a rotating cast of half ton aquatic mammals.
They mix the peaceful sounds of marine ambience
with low pitch discussions of old movies you've already seen.
And the episodes are real long to help you fall asleep.
It's free on iTunes, Stitcher, or once again,
at matineemanatees.com.
I would like to take this opportunity.
It's a message from your friendly neighborhood mods
and it's for Awful Squad Jr.
Hell yeah.
And all the honorary wigglers out there.
Ready up, wigglers.
It's time to spread some laughs.
Can you believe we have a community of people
playing video games who all rank goofs higher than skills?
Here's to many more good, good bike stunts,
impromptu turn coding, hilarious ragdolls,
and making peace using only wiggles.
We love and support you and are sending you all the virtual
hugs.
That's from Awful Squad Jr., which is the,
I would say, partner in a web series called Awful Squad
that we do over at Polygon.
You should go check that out.
It's so much fun.
They're half, they're literally half the reason
that it's such a fun thing to do.
They are the 100 and the one versus 100 of Awful Squad.
I think they're more than half.
I think they're the majority share.
It's a really, really fun community and a really cool
thing that we do live every Tuesday.
I have one more Jumbotron here.
This one's for Sam and Nick, and it's from Anita, who says,
congrats on your engagement.
Since I introduced you to the McElroys
and deserve partial credit for the events that introduced you
to each other, I thought this is the perfect way
to send my love.
I'm thrilled you found each other,
and I truly can't wait to rage at your wedding.
Here's to a long and joyous future together.
I'm hoping they're using rage in like the colloquial fun,
like let's day rage and not like I'm going to be infected
with the rage virus.
And I am going to attack your grandma.
I'm going to come right at her, and you will not
be able to stop me.
And then it'll spread.
It always spreads.
And I'm sorry, but I am looking forward to it.
I am looking forward to it.
It's going to be fun.
I'm thrilled about it.
Your grandma's not going to be.
Podcasts.
Podcasts.
Podcasts.
They're audio programs that tell smart stories
in innovative ways using editing techniques like this.
Like this.
Like this.
Like this.
But let's face it, all that smart stuff can be exhausting.
That's where Stop Podcasting Yourself comes in.
It's so stupid.
It's just two stupid dinguses being dumb idiot jerks
for 90 minutes.
Stop Podcasting Yourself.
The stupid show that smart people love.
Find it on iTunes or maximumfun.org.
How about a Yahoo?
I'd love that, Griffin.
Thank you so much.
Yeah, this is one from Level 9000.
Yadru drew a Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
Yadru answers user D who asks.
And this is not the setup for a joke, but it could be.
Isn't everything we do on this podcast that?
Anyway, why do people from New Jersey ski in their jeans?
I don't know.
Why do they?
I fucking just said.
Why do people from New Jersey ski in their jeans?
I don't know.
Why do they?
This is tough.
This is tough.
I mean, it's tough because Travis is antagonizing me.
But it's also you got to put on a sort of nylon snow
resistant ski pants.
Because if not the snow, oh, OK.
Well, Travis have at it.
What if you got some really cool looking jeans?
No, I know you want to show the jeans off.
But there's a time and a place.
I don't think when somebody goes zoom and past you
on those beautiful slippery rails that we do call skis.
At, you know, however fast skis go, like 60 miles an hour.
I don't think they're going to stop and smell the jeans.
You know what I mean?
The only reason you couldn't wear jeans is because you're
going to fall into the snow and get them wet.
Correct?
Correct.
I mean, yes.
That's if you fall down.
Yes, thank you.
This is what I'm saying.
If I'm going to carve the slopes and I'm not going to fall,
I can wear whatever the fuck I want.
So New Jerseyans, you're saying, are just exemplary skiers.
They do not.
They're just great skiers who can wear jeans because they're
not going to fall and get their jeans all shitty with snow.
They're going to carve the slopes.
They're going to land.
They're going to zoom right into the lodge or whatever
and have some French onion soup and just kick it.
It's like if you were like a duelist who only wore white
because you know you won't show blood.
You know, that kind of thing.
Yeah, thank you.
Yes.
Yes, this is the New Jersey shot call.
Yeah.
Of like, I shall not be falling down.
I will meet you at the bottom at, I don't know, either the lodge
or maybe like bubblegum shrimp.
We haven't made plans.
Damn, that's a cool ski mountain if it's got a bubblegum shrimp on it.
Well, you know, you get hungry and you want to get some, I don't know.
I've never been to a bubblegum shrimp, but I assume there's shrimp there.
Yeah, there's a lot of it, Trav.
I can confirm.
I probably will come as a great surprise to literally no one
that I have been to a bubblegum shrimp company before.
Yeah, Trav, they got shrimp.
They got all kinds of shrimp.
Steamed shrimp, hot shrimp, good shrimp, little shrimp, aggressive shrimp,
boneless shrimp.
Okay, listen, straight up, if you own a restaurant,
please start advertising boneless shrimp.
Please, please.
It's important that you do this.
That's so funny.
I went skiing one time and I didn't take, they had classes,
which I think in retrospect, I wish I had forced the issue.
I asked about them and no one in my party wanted to do the classes
because they all loved it out there.
Was yours also a church thing?
Because I've only been once and it was a church thing.
No, it was a bunch of junior doctors and I was getting out there
and I basically was at the top of the hill without knowledge
of how to ski.
I knew pizza and french fries was one where if you make your skis
like french fries, you go and if you make them like in a triangle
that could hold pizza, did they stop?
I'm sorry, they told me that and then what I did after that
was I just slid down the hill on my belly one time.
Like a graceful penguin?
No, sort of like a dead penguin and I just slid down the hill
like an idiot and then I pounded my way back up in my stupid boots
back up to the place we were staying and the relief I felt
knowing that the skiing was a part of my life was behind me
and that there would never be skiing in the future
is a relief that I have not experienced before or since.
And I've kind of thought like should I go skiing again
just so I can experience the exhilaration and luxury
of the feeling of not skiing immediately after skiing.
Um, I went once with Church and to continue Justin's sort of wonderful analogy earlier
I had myself a veritable pizza party.
It was the only way I did it.
I got yelled at.
I tried a medium, what is it, blue circle slope
and I got yelled at by somebody who's zooming by a lot faster
like you need to learn how to do this.
Which I would have.
Why is that yelling though?
I think the problem is if they called
I was like in high school
and I wasn't going to get on something called a bunny slope
to learn how to do the thing.
I wish it was called something a little bit less insulting for you know teens.
Something like you know the cool the cool slope or the um the
oh shit if they had called it the ice trial
and it's like oh if you want to ride if you want to take one of the trails
you have to pass the ice trial
and then maybe you got a badge at the end of it
um that would definitely be my jam.
Um but yeah there's a lot of problems with skiing.
I have never been uh skiing and and the reason is
um I like to be very introspective
think about myself what do I know about myself
what are my core truths
and one of those core truths is that I have zero interest in going skiing.
I just there's nothing I don't like being outside my house when it's cold
let alone looking down an incline uh at what must be almost certain death
and it's cold and I have things tied to my feet.
If not death certain like certain wet jeans
because now I think back I was wearing my jeans my jeans.
Yes and they weren't those were jinkos at the time so.
They were probably jinkos Travis yes
and the problem with jinkos is that they look fucking excellent obviously.
Sure sure sure.
But those big leg holes are essentially welcoming snow mouths
that just gobble the stuff up and deposit it directly on my calves thighs and business
and I I'm just saying at the end of the day I took off the jinkos
there were two perfectly sized sort of leg molds inside of it made out of snow
uh you could have made the bottom half of a very convincing griffin snowman
and not just convincing anatomically correct.
In fact my wiener got really weird.
Oh got it okay yeah thanks because I was I was not sure what you were uh sort of talking about.
Yeah the snow made it really weird.
How about another question?
Give you a weird dick yeah that's great um here is one.
Every time my family gets together they mention this woman named Ann.
They never say anything that Ann has said or done just how much they hate her.
I used to theorize to my cousins about who Ann could be
but once they turned 16 they started talking about Ann too.
Why do all the members of my massive extended family who are 16 and over
know and hate this woman?
What did Ann do?
Should I ask who she is or wait a year so that I turn 16?
Please help from mystified about myth members in Massachusetts.
What what could your what could you possibly learn at what what's why would there be an age gate on
that the only thing I can think is that your family is all vampires
and that when you turn 16 you learn the truth of the matter and that Ann is it and is it well
possibly there's a libel situation as Ann Rice talks a bunch of shit or Ann is just a you know
famous vampire hunter.
Or vice versa it might be that Ann is a famous vampire your family is a family of hunters.
I don't want to speculate because it could go either way and you're the next generation
maybe you will finally be the one who takes down Ann.
Have you noticed your family gets smaller and smaller every year?
I mean here's the thing it's got to be that the family's vampire hunters and Ann's a vampire
because we know that this person's not a vampire because they typed this thing into a computer
and emailed it and I'm I get real fucked up if I think about a vampire who can also use like
search the web.
Yeah I can't deal with that.
I don't really like that I don't think that happens in Twilight's where you know Edward's
like hold on let me get up if he did it would be on like Alta Vista or some like old bullshit
but yeah and you never see you know Castlevania Dracula's like hold up gotta look up a you know
a new recipe for poison.
Yesterday my wife was watching the last 20 minutes of the last Twilight movie.
How was it?
And I was emptying the dishwasher and she kept telling me context on the things that
were happening and I couldn't leave because I was emptying the dishwasher so I was a
captive audience for just seeing the last end of this movie with like a bunch of lore
and it didn't seem real to me that they had gotten to that point in four movies.
It seemed like maybe the 30th movie would contain all the incredible truths.
Did you know the werewolf in that movies got decided to marry a little girl?
That's a thing he imprinted on her and said he was going to marry her and she's like
six?
That's no good.
That's in it.
That's in it.
What other reason could Ann be a bad person that you don't know about until you turn 16?
Why is your birthright knowing the truth about Ann?
I've got it.
Ann is just the name that they hear until they turn 16 when the true name is revealed,
Cthulhu.
All right.
So they hate the deep one.
I assume this is an unspeakable one kind of scenario, yes.
Maybe Ann is code for you.
They can't trust you with the secret until you're 16 and then boy that is going to be
a rough sweet 16 party though.
Happy birthday.
Ann.
No that's not it.
That's probably not that one.
That's not it.
I do enjoy, I'm still hung up on the idea of vampire hunters whose idea of hunting the
one vampire they know about is just to sit around and talk shit about them.
Because that is, if you think about it, vampire hunters do have downtime.
That is almost certainly like, man fucking Dracula, that guy, I can't even with that
idiot anymore.
I hate his guts.
Real talk, if I wake up in the middle of the night from a horrible vision where I find
out that I'm the chosen one, once in a generation I'm supposed to go out and slay vampires.
I got like a lot of stuff going on right now and also don't want to be killed by a vampire
because I would not be good at this.
This would also probably be my M.O.
I would not go out staking hand holy water in my, you know, a camelback or something
like that, ready to slay, because again, I don't want to be dead from a vampire bites.
So what I'd probably do is just like, hey, I don't know if you guys know about vampires,
but they are real buttholes.
This would sort of, I would get on Twitter and subtweet vampires before I go out and
try, because I also don't want to, is it still murder?
Because my answer is yeah, kind of.
Yeah, probably.
You could go to their bank and just be like, hey, this guy's a vampire.
Oh yeah, that's a great way to kill them.
Just blow up their spot everywhere.
Like they're just like walking down the street and you're just driving slowly next to them
in your car with the windows down like, hey everybody, that's a vampire.
I'm sorry, but Dr. Acula has been coming to this branch for many years and we've never
had any problems with him.
We're going to have to ask you to leave.
He's a treasured, he's a treasured customer.
Juice, will you do this next question before we wrap up?
Happily, Griff.
Just now, in the airport restroom, a man a few urinals down from me stopped peeing, moved
one urinal over to his left, and then continued to pee.
Why did he do this?
That's from befuddled in the bathroom.
Let's just, let's just, should we just round Robin?
Just list a reason why you would do, because we've all been there.
The urinal was full.
Urinal's full, Travis says.
Justin, you got one?
He saw that there was a new urinal cake in the next one, and he just couldn't resist
the temptation to destroy it.
Yeah, I mean, urinal spider.
You see one, you gotta go.
It's probably one of those three.
I mean, it also could be a game in Japan.
When I was there for my honeymoon, there's some places that have like games built into
the toilet where, you know, you pee and maybe you're peeing on a target, or it's measuring
your sort of fluid, and then you get a high score.
Maybe he already beat the game, wanted a fresh save file, maybe a new game plus, pop one
over.
Maybe it's a different game, he's like, oh no, this one's a driving game, I want a
punching game.
So he went over to play a different piss game.
Maybe he realized right in the middle that it wasn't a urinal at all, but in fact a
mimic who was trying to eat him.
A nasty mimic who loves pee pee.
Yeah, maybe he filled it up.
Travis already did that one.
That was the first one I said, yeah.
Yeah, I'm just agreeing.
I just wanted to lend a little credence to my brother.
Yeah.
Maybe he did fill it up.
Maybe there's borrowers in it, and they didn't see him at first.
He was like, oh, sorry little friend.
I'm sorry buddy, let me scoot one over.
Piss, piss, piss, oh there's one in here too.
It's okay.
I knew it was risky when I moved in here, I knew that this was going to come with the
territory.
Maybe his goal was to try to pee in all of them in the same thing, and he just didn't,
like he didn't pace himself well enough.
I mean, I mean that's, maybe he was playing Pokemon Go, and there was a ghastly like four
feet to his left.
Did you see a Guinness World Records person next to him like, you'll never do it.
Not with that stream.
Question, do you enclose your zone before you transfer, or do you let her ride?
Well, they, I mean, they said they stopped peeing, which is good.
That's a mercy.
Yeah, that's, obviously you want that to be done, but what I'm saying is there's a few
steps after that.
Yeah, you gotta make the audible whoop sound as you move over to the next one.
Do you, I'm asking if he put his zone away before he transferred, or was it a full, was
he trying to keep his combo meter going maybe, and he wanted to, you know, complete the gap?
I assume it went like this.
He left it out, he looked to his left, he was like, Doug, Doug, is that you here?
And then went over to that one and started peeing in it.
I don't think he put his wiener away, but I do think he recognized the urinal and thought
it would be rude to not go pee in it.
Yeah, it's gotta be that, or the borrower, or you filled it up.
It's either he, right, it's either he had filled it up, there was a borrower in it,
or he recognized the urinal and called it by name.
If you know the urinal and you're friends with it enough to know its name, then do you
not want to do the business in it?
You don't want to deny the urinal its purpose.
I mean, that's what it's there for.
Yes, it's true.
Man, everything's just so political these days.
Well, friends, I think we can all agree that this was a podcast.
Yep.
We made a guarantee at the beginning.
Yeah, started, now it's gonna end.
There's a beginning, middle, end, and the middle was when we sold advertisements, and
then before was everything before it, and the end was everything after it, and then
you heard roughly an hour of three people talking.
That's a podcast.
That's a podcast, baby.
Cut and print.
Walk us out, Juice.
Thank you for listening.
We really appreciate you.
Sorry about, I mean everything, but sickness and traveling and everything, and we missed
last week, and we're just real sorry, but we'll do better.
We'll do a better job in 2018.
I don't know, because I've been sick literally every day of 2018 so far.
So it would be, I miss having a good, cool, functioning, non-medicine sort of poisoned
brain.
Thank you to everybody who's sending questions.
We've never done that before, but thanks.
You all saved me from having to wander into that fucking pit myself, and I sure do appreciate
you.
Mabimbanatmaximumfund.org is the address if you want to send a query there.
In that same vein, I want to say thank you to everybody who came out at Sketchfest to
see my shows.
They all went very well.
Thank you for coming.
I wanted to let everybody know that January 25th, I'm going to be in the John and Jean
show in Brooklyn.
I'll be tweeting about that.
Jesus, Travis.
Yeah, it's John Hodgman and Jean Grey, and I'm going to do that.
And then we have the cruise coming up in February, February 18th through the 25th.
JoCo Cruise.
It's going to be super fun.
You can find that out at JOCocruise.com.
I want to thank Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
Go to MaximumFun.org and check out all the great podcasts there.
They got awesome shows that you're just going to love that my brothers are going to tell
you about because I'm about to cough, which I'm going to edit out.
Heat Rocks.
There's a new one on the network.
From John Roderick.
Friendly Fire, it is called, where they talk about war movies.
I was just talking with Roderick about it yesterday.
It sounds super interesting.
How is that dude?
I miss him.
Doing good.
He was sick for a couple days, but now he's better and has a really cool shirt.
He got that for-
Do you get cool shirts?
If you get a cool shirt when you get over an illness, then I've got the coolest shirt
ever coming my way.
Hey, speaking of John Roderick, thanks to that good dude for letting us use our theme
song, It's a Departure, off the Long Winter's album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a really, really fantastic album that you're just going to love.
And that's going to do it for us, folks, this week.
So thank you for listening.
And Griffin's got one final Yahoo to sort of take us out on.
Yeah, this final one was sent in by Merit Palmer.
Thank you, Merit.
It's Yahoo Answers user GangsterGhost who asks,
Do you believe in Da Vinci code?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, and me.
Kiss your dad's square on the lips.
to you about our new podcast on Maximum Fun, Friendly Fire.
The podcast about action movies and Sylvester Stallone specifically.
It's the show I've always wanted to make.
It is not that.
It is not that at all.
It's a little bit more of a war movie podcast.
It's not a little bit more of a war movie podcast.
It is explicitly a war movie podcast.
We look at them from all sides and put them in a variety of cultural and historical contexts
such that anyone is going to enjoy this show.
So go grab Friendly Fire every Friday on MaximumFun.org or wherever you get your podcasts.
