The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Mean Advice Show for the Modron Era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy, and it's Are You Guys in the Spirit of Spirits?
What do you mean?
Are you guys in it? Are you guys feeling these Jack O'Lantern vibes, baby?
Don't look right at the full moon, or else you'll turn right into a werewolf.
Here they come.
I don't think that's how that works.
The dead are coming, and they're gonna fucking kill us.
Yeah, man, there's fucking skeletons and zombies,
and they're gonna climb out of their graves, and they're gonna beat us down, baby.
Griffin, can I stop you real quick?
Yeah, please.
I don't see what this has to do with War with Grandpa.
We're doing a quick delay on talking about War with Grandpa anymore that we have already.
Okay, we'll get back to it though, right?
We'll file that one in with the Star Wars live show
in a folder that is called The McElroy Brothers Continue to Forget
to Not Talk About One Film or Film Franchise for a Whole Episode,
because some people don't like that.
Can I say one thing about War with Grandpa?
Yeah, please.
I want to get back in the spirit of spirits for how long I can go on.
I just want to say one thing.
We got a friend forwarded us a review, they called it an interview,
where they offer an interview, basically, with one of the producers of the film.
But I did want to share this one line from this thing.
It said, it'll be one of the first family films to go into theaters this fall,
following the pandemic.
Imagine my relief that this fall will be following the pandemic,
instead of right the fuck in the middle of it.
Yeah, okay.
So anyway, there's a skeleton that has two knives.
And there's actually, did I say one skeleton?
Because there's many skeletons.
I'm trying to get everybody scared.
Is this, okay, I roll perception to see if there's any sort of-
No, we're not doing that.
We're not doing that.
We're not doing that.
But they are coming and they do have knives.
And I want everyone to get scared because I feel like it's late September
and I'm not even feeling the-
You're not feeling scared?
You're not?
Whoa.
Oh, well, okay, I feel very, very scared about everything but Halloween.
Okay.
And I have been, I've been getting in the mood.
Yeah, Howard, tell me.
Or as one might say, the boo-d.
Yeah, one might say that.
One could say anything.
Yeah, I have been drinking that hot apple cider.
That's not very sweet.
Enjoying a pumpkin spice latte under a warm afghan blanket.
Yeah.
And I have just been sitting by the fire and reading Chaucer.
Chaucer, huh?
Chaucer's the scariest.
Yeah, I was reading some Chaucer, his classic tales about Canterbury.
And by Chaucer, do you mean chooser?
Like a werewolf chewing on your bones?
No, I mean like the guy from Knight's Tale.
I love him.
I've been going to the park and yelling,
somebody chase me!
And waiting to get chased in the nighttime.
Now, I've been chased by a werewolf before, Griffin.
It's not funny.
It's not fun or funny.
Well, no, but yours was a real werewolf attack.
Mine is for Halloween fun.
Justin, how have you been getting scared and really scared?
I just put up our inflatables.
Oh, fuck yeah.
Give us the rundown, baby.
What are we working with in the McElroy front yard this year?
Oh, I don't want to tell you.
I don't want to get doxxed, but I did buy-
That's fair.
That's fair.
I did buy a, you know, the little kid Sam from Trick or Treat?
Yeah.
You know, the little pumpkin-headed boy?
Yeah.
Oh, sure.
Got a mask of him.
Fuck.
Yeah, so that has been a lot of fun with the kids,
just kind of keeping them on their fucking toes.
Yeah.
You want to keep your kids off the iPad, make them have one eye
always on the lookout for Sam to come up and snatch them.
Now, what I've done to get really in the mood is I've been setting up
kind of scary, like, cardboard cutouts around the house.
Mostly they're all Robert De Niro from Our With Grandpa.
There's a couple of speglies.
Stop.
You can't say that anymore.
You can't talk about it anymore.
That cannot be a shorthand for comedy.
That's fair.
I made chocolate pumpkins with peanut butter in them.
Not scary.
Not funny.
Well, why's it got to be scary?
You know, I enjoy, I don't like the scary movies.
The scariest movies I like to watch at Halloween,
maybe Hocus Pocus if I'm feeling brave.
Hocus Pocus is fucked up.
Hocus Pocus is fucked up.
That cat suffers a fate worse than death.
So does the zombie man.
First five minutes, little girl dies.
First five minutes.
This is the price of admission.
It is a Disney movie, isn't it?
It is.
Family member gotta die.
Gotta die.
I've been struggling even with my costume.
And usually I have that ironed out by fucking April.
But this year it's like what sort of topical,
like, you know, pun or play on words
or funny or reverent thing, like, can you even do for 2020?
I do want to make an announcement along these lines.
We had a press release come out two days ago from Yandy.
If you don't know Yandy, they have in the past couple years
gotten in a little hot water,
but with no, they do a sexy fake news costume.
Okay.
And a sexy Handmaid's Tale costume, which was less,
that one was tough.
Misses the mark a bit.
Yeah, a swing and a miss.
Yes, that one was controversial, but they have announced
that they will not, not be making a sexy COVID.
Wow, Yandy.
So this, this one's off the table, huh?
This one, no sexy COVID.
Just straight down the middle COVID.
No, no COVID in this one.
Let me just, I'm just going to say COVID de Kovny.
A representative for the company for Yandy said,
quote, I don't think there's anything sexy about it.
Yeah, no, there's probably not.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm still going to go trick or treating.
That's all I know.
I love them tiny Milky Ways.
You know what I mean?
Like-
No, you're actually not going to do that.
What?
But I, but I love those tiny Milky Ways, Justin.
He has to get them.
Where am I supposed to get my tiny Milky Ways from?
If he doesn't get them, Justin, he turns into a big cartoon wolf.
You remember, you've seen that.
I chased you that one time.
You've seen him mask out, like the mask.
Yeah.
And he freaks the fuck out if he doesn't get his little Milky Ways.
Because I didn't have my tiny Milky Ways.
Yeah, they call them-
Don't try to get me big Milky Ways chopped up.
I can see right through that shit.
They call them fun size, but for Travis,
they should call them like necessary, like medicine size.
Yeah.
I don't think there's anything sexy about COVID.
I agree.
I received an email invitation for an event yesterday called Dinner at Dan's.
The email was likely not meant for me.
As I know, there is someone else in my state who has the exact same email as me,
but with the at Yahoo instead of at Gmail.
You are the superior Dan, I will say.
The invitation contained a Zoom link to the event next week.
The only other guest on the invitation is Dan.
And when I assumed to be his spouse, I know the invite wasn't meant for me,
but it's hard to make new friends these days.
Yep.
No.
And I don't want to pass up an opportunity for human contact.
How do I show up at this dinner without making it weird
or immediately getting kicked out of the Zoom call?
Can't.
Well, hold on.
Should I bring a virtual gift?
That's from Lonely in Chicago.
The event, P.S., is from 3 to 8 p.m., so it's a five-hour dinner.
Good hang.
Woof.
Cool hang.
Cool hang.
Wouldn't do that even if it was sent to me.
Munchy, munchy, five hours on the phone watching the other person chew
for at least half an minute.
Do you think Dan would immediately kick them off the Zoom call?
There'd have to be some time.
It wouldn't just be like, boop, boop, boop.
Ah, nope.
Right?
There would be some-
Stranger got hacked.
Hello?
And you'd be like, hey, don't hang up.
I'm your new friend.
You couldn't even warm your way in.
You say a gift, but you can't be like, oh, don't kick me out.
I've got bruschetta just for me.
Oh, I've got it.
You get to watch me eat all this sloppy bruschetta.
Here's what you do.
Okay.
Oh, my camera is not working, but it is me, your friend.
Ask me anything that only Dan would know.
Oh, fuck.
Why did I say that?
No, I don't know.
Oh, fuck.
I don't know anything that Dan knows.
Now ask me something Dan wouldn't know, and I probably know it.
Let me prove to you I'm not Dan.
Partner, you can't do this.
You can't, partner.
Partner, you need to saddle on up from Mozi out of town.
Partner, you can't.
I hate texts.
You can't do this, partner.
You can't do this one.
There's no way to do this one good.
I do a weekly Zoom hangout with my friends here in town.
Been doing it since March.
It's a very great event for me.
It lights up my life.
And also last week during the call, I was like,
man, this is too much human contact for me.
The idea of entertaining a stranger as an online conference
call hitchhiker is just completely non-viable for any living human being.
Could you ask, I have one way it could work.
This is one way it could possibly work.
Okay.
You forwarded it, you forwarded it to proper Dan.
Yahoo, Dan.
I think the party's at Dan's.
Are they both Dan?
What is happening here?
I don't understand what is happening in this question anymore.
No, no, Dan is the host of the dinner.
It's dinner at Dan's.
So Dan sent the invite to question asker.
So the only other people on the invite are Dan.
Are Dan and Dan's spouse.
Okay, the other person, you send it to the other, the correct you.
You're not Dan.
The lonely in Chicago at yahoo.com.
You send it to them and you're like, hey, I got this.
I think it was, might've been meant for you.
I've got some of your mail before.
And this is gonna sound a little weird, but would you be willing to ask
if I could also come along?
There you go.
Do you get a plus one?
Do you get a plus, do you get a plus me?
Cause that, cause we have the same name.
So we're kind of the same person.
I was technically, if you want to get like super, and I hate to be this guy,
but if you want to get super technical, I was invited to it instead of you.
So, and I'll be your wing man.
If you're trying to hook up with Dan, I'm just telling you.
Hey, is this a great idea?
Let me know if this is a great and profitable idea.
Cause I mentioned using, watch me eat bruschetta as a gift,
but would it be cool if there were like entertainers you could hire
for your Zoom hang to just like do some magic
or play like a mariachi band or something like that
while you and your friends played like Jackbox games or whatever the fuck.
Griffin, you're a very innovative thinker, but there's no way that doesn't exist.
We're six months into quarantine.
You don't think someone's thought of, I will play music or do magic
during your Zoom call?
Not as a surprise.
I mean, we've had a, we on this call have had a party with a princess.
That's factual.
Well, we have mostly for our children.
Let's be clear.
Family fun princesses hooked us up with a delightful princess encounter.
Yeah.
And by most of you-
You know, BB's skill is like, hey, can we call Rapunzel back?
And I'm like, oh, I think Rapunzel's pretty busy, buddy.
She had such a good time with us,
but I do like the idea though, if it's not an entertainer,
but rather like just a bon vivant.
Somebody who like-
Oh, cool.
Just somebody who's there to keep conversation sparkling.
You know what I mean?
Just so if there's a lull in it that you just have them sort of
spice it up a little bit.
That's French Michael, Michel.
Ah, you know, your trip to Target reminds me of my trip to Monaco.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
He's not going to make it all about him.
Oh.
Michel is going to make it all about the party guests.
He's making it special for them.
Yeah.
He's being fascinated by their tales.
Everyone come listen.
Pieter is telling me the most fascinating story.
Now tell me, what did they do on Family Guy last evening?
Gather, gather round.
We're all on the same computer, Michel.
I don't know how.
Susan has the most wonderful Borat impression.
You all must hear this.
I've secretly asked-
Go ahead, Susan.
Do it.
My wife.
I've secretly asked all of you to tell me your heart's darkest desires.
I held them on flash cards in front of me.
I'm going to hold up each desire and I will ask you to guess which of our party guests
gathered here tonight is the one with the most perverse, perverse urging.
Also-
Michel, I'd like you to go ahead and line up.
Tonight, one of you will be murdered.
What?
It's not my thing.
It's not part of this.
I'm just letting-
Warning.
One of you is, just statistically speaking, one of you is going to be murdered tonight.
That's the fucking thing, right?
This is the thing.
Oh my God, this is a billion dollar business.
Zoom call with all your friends and a new friend of yours who they don't know.
You guys have got to meet my friend, Michel.
And Michel gets murdered 10 minutes in and then the murderer is sneaking around in the
back and leaving clues and everything.
And you got to solve the murder.
Oh, that would be cool if you saw someone get murdered in your Zoom and then you watched
the criminal just poke around and bumble around and maybe check out their Madden
Ultimate team on their Xbox in the back.
Hey, hey, put that down.
That would be the fucking coolest juice of me and my eight friends, the only eight friends
I have, watched someone get murdered and then yelled at the screen over and like,
stop, don't murder him, no, get out of there, hey, get out of there.
He was in the middle of a Madden game.
But then the murderer would have the flashcards.
Wait, now we're back to the perverse design of things?
No, no, no, no, it's all connected.
The murderer now has the flashcards that you gave Michel.
So now you have to kill the murderer.
Now, someone has to have the fucking guts to kill this guy.
He knows too much.
You're risking COVID and you're gonna have to murder a human being to protect everyone's
dark secrets.
So if Michel lives close to me, keep him talking, I'm not gonna go kill that guy.
Nah, fuck that, watch this, bing-bong.
I gave him a thumbs down emoji reaction.
That's what I think, got it.
I always feel like I have, I always say that I don't have any great ideas for stories.
And I think it's because I waste them turning them into jokes.
If I had said everything I said with a different tone of voice, I could have a hit film on
my hands, I don't know.
And also, by the way, this is, I understand, similar to the Shudder original host.
But that, there's no flashcards and nobody named Michel.
True, and we're not in it.
And we're not in it and we're not profiting from its success.
We would be in this as the three murderers.
Okay.
Yeah, Michel is very powerful and knows many martial arts, so he's able to defend himself.
And I'm willing to be the one that Michel takes out before we can take him out.
That would be cool to just watch two guys fight in your Zoom call.
And one of them die.
No.
Okay, so here's a Yahoo that was sent in by several people, thank you.
It's asked by Yahoo Answers user Robert.
And Robert has this question.
What would you do if someone offered you blueberries from their wicker basket, but when you looked
inside, they were stones instead?
Would you be mad?
Huh.
Well?
Seems abstract, an abstract idea, but really close your eyes and...
Okay, I'm imagining it.
Okay.
Walk me through.
Well, you're walking down a rural road.
Why's it gotta be rural?
Why's it gotta be rural? Because I don't think people are selling basket fulls of blueberries.
Farmer's market, asshole.
I doubt, like a mobile farmer's market where somebody's just like, hey, you got blueberries
here.
Well, they shut off the ends of the street, there was a farmer's market, they bought the
blueberries, now they're walking home from the farmer's market, and then they're gonna
give them to me.
Okay, in my fucking scene, it's a rural countryside.
That makes more sense.
And you're walking down and let's say, let me face cast this person.
Teri Hatcher is walking down the road with a wicker basket full of blueberries.
It's not really Teri, like if you saw Teri Hatcher, you'd be like, oh fuck, is that Teri
Hatcher?
But this is not Lois Lane, this is-
So it's not Teri Hatcher, just looks like Teri Hatcher.
And she has a shawl that is covering her, and she comes up and says-
Then how do I know it's Teri Hatcher?
It's not, you don't know it's-
This is a blueberry vendor, that's all that you know because she walks up to you and says,
buy mine bloonberry, buy mine bloon, that's hard to say.
Buy mine blueberries for, they have antioxidants.
And then you are like, fuck yeah, I could use some antioxidants.
My blood is rotten, and you look inside of it and it stones.
Small size.
Then I wouldn't buy them.
Yeah, I wouldn't buy the small size.
How sincere is she in her belief that they are blueberries?
Also, wait, is she escaping in a hot air balloon?
Good question.
Not yet, not yet.
But that is gonna happen at the end.
How serious is she about that?
Is she like, I got you, are you punked?
Dead fucking serious.
Listen, unless you guys have psychic mind reading abilities,
you don't really know firmly how much she believes in her own little game here.
Okay, well then let's play it out.
Teri Hatcher, these aren't blueberries.
I'm not Teri Hatcher.
What?
I thought you were Teri Hatcher and these were blueberries,
but you're not Teri Hatcher and the Rocks.
What's going on?
Am I in vanilla sky?
She no longer looks like Teri Hatcher.
Who does she look like now?
Now, her face morphs into a mask of pain.
Teri Hatcher can feel pain.
Wait, you're right.
I feel like if someone walked up to you guys on the street and said,
hey, got some blueberries, choc-a-block full of anti-oxo dance.
You guys would, and then you look down and there were stones in the basket.
You would do something, but you're really fucking leaving me out.
You're really hanging me out to dry right.
If it was me, I would actually probably take one from the basket,
convince I was wrong if there were stones and probably attempted to eat one.
That is literally what I would probably do.
Justin got his right.
I would not be interested because if a human being walked up to me
out of nowhere and offered me any kind of food, I would not be interested.
Yeah, that's fair in these times.
I mean, it's just a fit, right?
If someone's like, hey, take some of this food.
I come from a generation where I was told that people put razor blades and apples and shit.
I'm not going to eat your stone blueberries.
I wouldn't even need them to get that far.
So while consuming is my anxiety,
if I see somebody on the street with a wicker basket and they look at me
and they start to raise their hand and get through like, hey, I'm gone.
I assume that basket's full of snakes.
No, it could be full of blueberries for all I care,
but having to talk to a stranger about their wonderful produce
is a little bit more than this guy can handle.
But if they were stones, there's a story there.
Are they pretty stones?
They are blueberry.
I will give this to Terry Hatcher.
They are perfectly blueberry sized.
Are they blueberry colored?
Yeah, that's a good question.
Um, no.
Huh, so they're just like gray?
Grayish, yeah.
But are they round like blueberries?
I'm saying these things are fucking perfect replicas of blueberries.
So they're like 3D printed?
Yeah.
Also, this Terry Hatcher would be fucking jacked
because this big basket full of stones would be heavy, I bet.
I would actually rather take a rock from someone than food.
That's good.
Because then I'm lightening their load.
You know what I mean?
Oh, that's beautiful.
What if we take a load off Terry?
Take a load free.
Take a bloob for free.
Because then think about it,
it's like we're all carrying around wicker baskets of bloob.
Blueberry shaped stones.
And if everybody would just take one stone from each other,
we could all share.
Picture 10 people, Griffin.
Nine of them are Terry Hatcher and one of them isn't.
And the one that's not has a wicker basket full of stones.
And the other nine who are Terry Hatcher don't have any stones.
Now imagine how much easier it would be for non-Terry Hatcher
if those other nine people also carried some stones.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
And that is communism.
I'm, I'll be honest, Trav.
I've always wondered what that word means.
Yeah, that's it.
When nine Terry Hatchers help out one non-Terry Hatcher.
Carry their stones.
Is there a fruit that is more exciting to think about
and see a big glistening basket of wet them
than you eat one and you're like, ugh, than blueberries?
No.
Yeah, well, I would include,
one I can think of would be all berries.
Whoa, strawberries?
You look at beautiful raspberry babies
and they have the little tiny berries inside.
Yes.
Little nubbins.
Yeah.
And you pop one in your mouth and it's vulgar.
Yeah.
What's wrong with you?
It's not sweet, not delicious.
Raspberries is good.
Strawberries is good.
Blackberries, too much work.
And figs.
Come on.
Figs need to stop.
Do y'all know what figs do?
Yeah, make people feel fancier about their bacon.
Nah, I read this yesterday, it fucked me up.
Cause I eat fig Newtons.
Like I party on fig Newtons.
I don't know that I've ever eaten a straight up fig
and now I definitely won't
cause there's wasps that pollinate them on the inside.
So these dumb ass wasps, they crawl inside the fig
and then if it's a boy fig,
which I didn't know that that was a thing,
then the wasp dies inside and their eggs come out
and I guess wasp babies are like, cool, time to party.
But then sometimes they'll climb inside of the girl fig
and they can't pollinate that and so they just die
and the fig turns them into more fig.
Ah, so the fig wins.
Isn't that fucked up?
Wait, so you're saying fig Newtons is wasps?
At some point in the process, you're eating a bit of wasp
and the wasp is the worst animal.
Hmm, huh.
I'm gonna start calling figs wasp coffins
and then we'll see wasp coffin Newtons
and then we'll see if anybody eats these things.
You know, I actually kind of would rather
have a wasp coffin at Newton.
Any other fruit jokes?
Any other fruit jokes?
Kiwis, kiwis, what's up with kiwis?
Kiwis, they're furry, what's that about?
They're furry, they might look like a nut, like a testicle.
Oh, Griffin, that's vulgar.
Apples, Granny Smith?
No, man, my granny is named Donna, who's Smith.
Nice, get them.
Yeah.
So that could be good?
That's something.
Bananas, oh, bananas are pretty,
there's a lot to work with there, isn't there?
Why?
Kirk Cameron.
The shape.
Oh.
The shape.
Kirk Cameron.
But they're just like what, like a smile?
No, it's like a, like a pee-pee.
Your penis looks like a banana?
Jesus Christ, go to a doctor.
We're all having fun here.
My penis does have a stem, though.
Oh, God, Griffin, wait, at what end?
Hey, hold on.
What's the one right, it's the end right above the candle.
What?
You heard it.
That was you.
I don't think anybody's confused about what's been happening here.
Grapes, I can do a fun thing with grapes, where I put them up in my lips,
and it makes it look like I'm a, like I have buck teeth, like a beaver.
But you obviously can't see that at home.
I recently moved and transferred to-
Gallagher's got a lot of mileage out of watermelon,
maybe there's some meat left on the bone.
Here's the new rule, here's the new rule.
If you're dangling, and I try to hand you a,
or kind of a hanger, or, you know, they give,
if I, listen, if I hand you a stool, and you're dangling,
and you kick that stool away and say,
I got one more bad thing to say, you don't get the stool again.
You dangle.
Do you think that there was ever like somebody who went to a Gallagher show?
No one listening to this has ever heard of Gallagher.
We would have more mileage talking about Frasier.
What if Gallagher hit Frasier with a mallet?
I recently moved and transferred to a new branch of the company I work for.
Aside from the usual adjustments, it's, fuck.
Aside from the usual adjustments, it's been a surprisingly smooth transition.
However, one fellow employee constantly feels the need to throw fake punches
accompanied by sound effects at me every time we run into each other.
Fuck, cool, fuck.
It's a restaurant, so this happens 20 to 30 times a day.
Oh, boy.
I'm fine with the horseplay, but after he's finished,
he'll stop and look at me directly in the eyes
as if he expects me to have a unique reaction every time.
I've been doing fake grunts, oh my God.
And I even pretended to wipe blood off my face a few times,
but it's been over a month and I'm running out of steam.
Help me, daunted and Dayton.
Oh, boy.
Can we not make it harder than it has to be?
Can that be the 2021 slogan?
Just stop making it harder.
It's so hard already.
It's so hard already on virtually every level.
And there's people who have a tremendous amount of power and influence
and they're using every inch of it to make it bad.
They don't need our help to make it better with stuff like this.
They simply do not.
I don't know, it sounds like a fun little game to me.
Now, okay, here's what you do.
I'll solve it for you if you want.
You want it fixed?
I'll fix it.
Just one time, lean in and force this person to punch you in the face.
Yeah.
Huh.
At just when they're about to rear back for a big fake punch-o,
you lean in real hard and get deck square in the jaw.
End of game.
Yeah.
End of job for that person, I bet.
No, you say, I'm not going to press job charges.
They don't need to lose their job.
You're not going to go to boss jail.
No, I'm not pressing job charges.
It's fine.
Just don't pretend.
I love the game.
No, don't get me wrong.
I love the game.
You fucked it up.
You fucked it up.
You ruined it.
And now the boss is on our case about it.
What if you complained to your boss and there was a sign up?
It's like, hey, no one in particular, but stop pretending to punch people.
Well, I'll tell you the problem.
The problem isn't so very physical.
What if you pretend to poison each other?
All right.
All right.
Yeah.
Or you pretend to the eye of old age.
That's cool too, Travis.
Badass like fucking hand in hand and on two cots in the break room.
That's awesome.
Here's what you do.
Next time he's taken some fake slings at you, you don't react.
You stand there stone faced.
And he's going to kind of pause and like, what has changed?
And you're going to point to your completely empty wrist and say,
I got this force field generator.
And then you walk away.
That's cool.
Game.
Game's over.
And then if he's like, what's that?
You say like, I can't hear you.
Do I incredibly potent force field.
And also I can't breathe through it.
This is a venomous thing through it.
So you have to free me.
I'm going to pass away now.
And I don't want to do it in front of you because it's embarrassing.
I heard you poop yourself right there.
A real boob.
So I'm just going to climb in the dumpster.
So I don't inconvenience anybody.
Throw my dead ass body in the dumpster behind the Applebee's when I die.
I don't want to be a burden to anyone.
Don't go through the trouble.
I know you're referencing the Joe Diffie track,
prop me up beside the jukebox when I die.
Joe Diffie did die this year.
And I wonder if there was a moment
where his loved ones looked around each other and were like,
shit, so we're not, we're not going to.
I probably forced a hard conversation with Willie Nelson's family
when they were like, so is this a living will?
Do we really have to roll you up and smoke you grandpa?
Grandpa, I wicked don't want to smoke you grandpa.
I love you so much.
I love you so much grandpa.
I don't want your dust getting all up in my lungs.
Oh, anyway.
Are we just going to be very tired until the episode after the election?
I'm not tired.
I'm just getting warmed up.
I just have a cold sore on my lip.
It's making it difficult for me to bring some of my choice characters.
You know, Mr. F, the guy who only makes F sounds.
I can't even do that character right now because this cold sore is so bad.
It sucks.
Anyway, you guys do the money zone because my lips hurt.
Trav, you like to do this one.
I'm not going to take that from you.
Yeah, you do.
You like them.
Okay, here we go.
Honey, shopping online is hard.
You are my integrated app.
Yeah.
And you save me lots of bugs.
Okay.
Browser extension.
Honey, you're a browser extension.
Here's the fucking deal.
You have this browser.
And you save me lots of cash.
I saved some cash over the weekend with this.
That's, it's maybe not like the most sort of earth shattering endorsement,
but I was shopping and I was about to buy a thing that was like 80 bucks.
And then Honey bleeped in and Honey was like,
oh, hold up, hold up, hold up.
60, boop.
Thanks, Honey.
Whoa.
Thanks for, I literally did nothing to earn that.
But you did it for me.
Thank you so much.
Just go to joinhoney.com slash brother.
And if you're ever checking out somewhere that has a coupon,
it'll get it for you.
Find it, put it in and you save money.
You can get Honey for free today if you go to joinhoney.com slash brother.
Do it.
Dun dun.
Stamps, dun dun, dun dun, dun dun.
There at the post office, dun dun, dun dun, dun dun.
But also at stamps.com, you can get up to 62% off and no residential surcharges.
That one doesn't work quite as good.
Not quite as good.
You can use any computer to print official US postage 24 seven
for any letter, any package, any class of mail, anywhere you want to send.
Then once your mail is ready, you just leave it for your mail carrier,
schedule a pickup or drop it on mailbox.
It's that simple.
And with, what?
You.
What do you want to send Griffin?
What do you want to mail today?
I want to mail a letter.
No, that's fine.
That's fine.
It might be, is it an important letter?
It's from Justin to Kelly.
Oh, okay.
Well, with stamps.com, you get great discounts too.
Five cents off every stamp and up to 62% off USPS and UPS shipping rates.
Right now, our listeners get a special offer that includes a four week trial
plus free postage and a digital scale without any long-term commitment.
Just go to stamps.com, click on the microphone at the top of the homepage
and join and type in my brother, all one word.
That's stamps.com, enter my brother, all one word.
It's, oh, sorry.
Do you want to do one for Blue Apron?
Oh, I love to eat.
And there's no better way to eat than food that you made yourself.
I, for instance, yes, last week, this previous week, enjoyed a sort of a ground beef
with noodles and it sounded better when they put all the adjectives in there.
I know I'm kind of making it sound like shift where D, but it was Blue Apron
and I made it myself.
Was it Blue Apron's yummy ground beef noodles?
Oh, I love those.
That's my favorite, Justin.
Did it have some kind of sauce with it or is it just dry beef and dry noodles?
Sometimes it's Romanesco, love that stuff.
Chimichurri can't get enough.
Pretty good.
Did it come with any sides, Justin?
Did it have a bit of vegetable with it?
Oh, there's always a vegetable, which I love.
I love that because I like to have a balanced meal.
September, this month, I've enjoyed so many delicious recipes.
Turkey burgers.
Oh my God.
I just remember turkey burgers with lemongrass and ginger in them.
Are you kidding me?
Shut up.
And you can make it easily with just a few simple kitchen tools.
You see pictures right there on the box and a recipe with photos.
So you know exactly what you're doing.
If you want to start cooking for yourself more, if you're tired of the carryout options
around you and you want to try something different, this is the place to start with Blue Apron.
This fall, don't settle for sameness.
Change things up with Blue Apron's variety of delicious season-make recipes.
Check out this week's menu and get $30 off across your first two deliveries
when you visit blueapron.com slash my brother.
That's blueapron.com slash my brother.
Also blapron.com does still work.
Blapron.
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.
They give you food.
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.
Oh, that was lazy.
You got to cook it yourself.
Hello there, ghouls and gals.
It is I, April Wolf.
I'm here to take you through the twisty, scary, heart-pounding world of genre cinema
on the exhilarating program known as Switchblade Sisters.
The concept is simple.
I invite a female filmmaker on each week and we discuss their favorite genre film.
Listen in closely to hear past guests like the Babadook director Jennifer Kent,
Winter's Bone director Deborah Granik,
and so many others every Thursday on maximumfun.org.
Tune in if you dare.
It's actually a very thought-provoking show that deeply explores the craft and philosophy
behind the filmmaking process while also examining film through the lens of the female gaze.
So, like, you should listen.
Switchblade Sisters.
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.
My song wasn't done.
It was.
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.
Oh?
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.
I want to munch.
Squad.
Ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba.
I want to munch.
Squad.
Justin, you might need to have a word with your guitarist.
He's kind of riffing a little there, stealing a little attention.
He's in a different tuning.
He's doing open D.
He's trying to jaw focus.
He's on that Nick Drake shit.
He's in that Nick Drake open D beautiful.
Okay.
It's that drop D tuning.
So listen, I got a few, like, just brief stories I want to share.
Oh, this is nice.
Yeah, just some brief stories.
Tim Hortons is giving away pumpkins with beverage orders.
If you're at a Tim Hortons in the US and you buy pumpkin spice beverage through the Tim
Hortons app, when you go and pick it up,
they're going to give you a pumpkin.
Whether you want one or not.
No matter what you do, if you get a pumpkin spice latte, a pumpkin spice ice cap, whatever,
they don't care.
They're going to put a pumpkin in your car.
Wow.
If you try to leave it in the restaurant, they will chase you through the parking lot
with a pumpkin saying, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, your pumpkin.
They will find you.
If you go through the drive-thru and don't stop to get your pumpkin, when you get home,
you're going to open the back door and there's the pumpkin.
And you're going to throw that pumpkin in the fire, but then later tonight when you go to bed,
you're going to pull back the covers and there's the pumpkin, brand new, whole, once again.
You're going to make a wish and the pumpkin's going to rot before your very eyes in a matter
of seconds.
But be careful what you wish for because the pumpkin is very literal.
Yeah.
Next story from Joseph requires a little bit of cultural education.
Do you know what Kraft Mac and Cheese is called in Canada?
No.
Kraft Dinner.
Thank you, Travis.
Pumpkin Spice KD is coming to Canada this fall.
That's not my acronym.
It's theirs.
In one of the more unlikely partnerships of 2020, Kraft Dinner has announced they're unveiling
Pumpkin Spice KD.
Wait, what's the partnership?
Kraft and Pumpkins?
Kraft and Pumpkins.
Hitting shelves in Canada this October, Pumpkin Spice KD is made with the same classic KD cheese
powder Canadians know and love, as well as the addition of fall flavors, including hints
of cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, and ginger.
Ew.
While some may feel the combination is not something they're interested in trying, others
are, as Canadians have already begun signing up to try the new concoction.
You have to sign up?
Well, okay, Joseph, who sent this in to the Munch Squad tip line, said the cowards are
only making a thousand boxes of the stuff.
Someone from the company was on the radio saying they have a waitlist of over 10,000
people waiting to try it.
So I don't know.
People are dying for it.
Here's the quote.
KD has always been known for one of a kind cheesy taste.
And after years of watching Canadians get excited for Pumpkin Spice season, we felt
that it was time to combine these two iconic flavors and create Pumpkin Spice KD.
It was time to cash in.
Cash in on the KD.
This, this is good.
Canadians have always made KD their own way, and not many people would expect KD to be
part of the PSL conversation, but that's the whole point.
What?
Only one.
You heard me.
That's the whole point, because it's so wild.
Only a thousand will be made.
So move over lattes and muffins.
PSKD is the new must try flavor this fall.
This is vulgar.
Maybe people will buy a box of it and they'll sell it on eBay for a lot of money.
And then that song of I had a million dollars, we wouldn't have to eat Kraft Dinner, but
we would finally be able to eat the Kraft Dinner that is seasoned with Pumpkin Spice.
So this next to last story is one a lot of people sent in, and I just wanted to do it
so I would stop getting emails about it.
Red Lobster and PepsiCo have kicked off a new relationship with the Dew Garita, the
first Mountain Dew cocktail.
Finally.
Why is Red Lobster the one?
Why wouldn't Red Lobster be the one?
Well, Griffin, Red Lobster and Pepsi have been dancing around each other for a while
now, and we're all thinking time to just get to it and get to fucking, by which I mean
create a Mountain Dew based cocktail that goes with any lobster based dish.
Okay.
I, this is the first, sorry, I should be clear.
This is the first official Mountain Dew cocktail.
See, because I know at least, for example, the first time I ever got drunk was on a
cocktail I created made of Popov Vodka and Mountain Dew Code Red.
So that might've been the, that was never adopted officially by the company.
Halo juice is what you called it.
Fucking landfill, baby.
You can call it Code Red Square.
That's actually not bad.
Red Lobster and PepsiCo are teaming to create exciting new ways to enjoy great seafood.
A long way, I guess you had to bring that yourself to the Red Lobster with the great
taste and variety of PepsiCo products.
The duo will leverage their iconic food and beverage brands to create a variety of craveable
new menu items, starting with the Dewgarita, the first Mountain Dew cocktail.
God help me, friends.
If you wake up in the morning craving a Dewgarita, go back to bed.
Try again tomorrow.
Want something better.
Want better.
Dream bigger.
Bigger.
The Dewgarita pairs perfectly with Red Lobster's iconic cheddar bay biscuits.
How's that?
It's the new fucking official, official.
My friends.
Dirt, Dirt.
It's the new official.
My dear friends.
It's the new official hor d'oeuvres for dirt bags.
It's Dewgarita.
Hey, I'm Travis McElroy representing Red Lobster for 2021.
This year, we just skipped all the trouble.
We soaked the cheddar bay biscuits in the Dewgarita.
You can just pick yourself up a soaking wet cheddar bay biscuit,
horse the whole thing down, get the job done right.
If I was standing in an infinite warehouse with infinite type writers manned by infinite
monkeys and I stood up front, I gave the prompt, okay, you silly guys.
What beverage, what liquid, potable liquid on earth would you pair with Red Lobster's
cheddar bay biscuits?
Never, never would somebody be like, oh, I'm thinking the alcohol.
So maybe a margarita, but instead of like the regular margarita stuff, a Mountain Dew
mixed in there because that will contrast the notes of cheddar and bay and biscuit.
It's fart cutery is what we call it.
Made using a top secret recipe, this refreshingly fun cocktail will begin rolling out to select
Red Lobster restaurants in September and will be available nationwide by the end of 2020,
which is sounds more of a like a threat.
The Red Lobster and PepsiCo innovation teams are quickly working together to leverage iconic
PepsiCo brands across the Frito-Lay and Quaker range of products to create tasty menu items.
Look forward to Wilford Brimley's Quaker Oatsquares old fashions.
Oh, I like how you've dusted the rim.
Fritosmopolitan, that's a cosmopolitan made with Fritos.
If you guys have any others from the Frito-Lay family of products, please let me know.
Fritosmopolitan, that's a Frito cosmopolitan.
Sorry, you guys are lagging out.
I'm not hearing the words.
Mark Dorito.
What's that?
Oh, Mark Dorito.
Okay, that's fine.
We've actually already done a Mark Dorito one.
Red Lobster guests will also be able to enjoy a broad range of beverages,
a broad range of beverages from PepsiCo, including Pepsi, Mountain Dew,
and stubborn craft soda, as well as bubbly sparkling water,
Life Water, Tropicana, and non-carbonated options like lemonade and agua fresca.
Hey, so you're just saying that you'll still have-
So what they said in this paragraph is that this will not be the only drink-
Don't you worry.
If you choose to take the coward's way out, you don't have the drink the doogarita.
Fucking red lobsters, the coward.
If you're going to introduce a doogarita into your fucking lineup, make it mandatory, damn it.
Hey, man, if you don't drink the doog, then you don't drink a red lobster.
There's people out there who don't drink alcohol,
there's people out there who don't drink Mountain Dew,
and neither of those people are welcome at Red Lobster for the next couple months.
So pull up to the trough, get yourself a drink,
and over here, we just got a big pile of cheddar bay biscuits, tear in.
If you are willingly eating inside of a red lobster,
currently you should be forced to drink a doogarita.
That should be good.
That's good because it'll kill all the germs in your body.
Sure.
Red Lobster and PepsiCo, we found the vaccine, but the bad news is it's doogaritas.
We can save them, but at what cost?
I'm not sure.
Gosh, let me think about it.
Red Lobster and PepsiCo both understand how much food and beverages
enhance memorable moments from casual gathering.
Do you remember during COVID when we went and drank fucking doogaritas and got COVID there?
That was so weird.
But casually, so it's like, doesn't even count.
With both our brands on deck to wow guests,
we can't wait to dream up more phenomenal flavor pairings together
to bring some very special offerings and experiences to the table.
Red Lobster and PepsiCo also share a common passion for sustainability.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Create sustainability for everything other than the human race, sensibly.
Aiming to create a more environmentally friendly experiences for guests.
Both companies are partners with the Ocean Conservancy and Trash Free Seas Alliance.
Trash Free Seas, Trash Full Red Lobsters.
That's my motto.
What we do is every time we harvest a Mountain Dew, we plant two more.
Don't worry about it.
Any trash that we find in your oceans, we just bring you straight into the restaurant
and find out a way to make you into a margarita.
Their relationship will leverage the goals of both companies
to incorporate more sustainable packaging and distribution techniques of the future.
I want my Dewgarita in a little plastic pouch
like they used to put milk in in elementary school.
They have to jab with a straw.
That's how I want it.
Just a big communal cup.
Just get rid of the water in the tank with the lobsters in it that you pick,
which one you want to eat and fill that with Dewgarita
and then whatever you can scoop out of there with two hands.
Put the lobsters back in because they'd want a party.
Listen.
And also because we can't have water in this building at all
or else people are going to be tempted to drink it.
Not a drop.
Not a drop.
Now, let me tell you, boys.
I'm a simple man and I enjoy the simple pleasures.
I've enjoyed shrimp.
The endless shrimp is one of life's great joys as far as I'm concerned.
I've enjoyed a red lobster before.
First restaurant we ever took Charlie to,
my first daughter was at the shrimp vortex of endless shrimp.
That's true.
I attempted to consume 100.
I think I made it to 85.
It was the worst day of my life.
It was not great.
But I enjoy a cheddar-baked biscuit.
Sure.
Worth is not the year of our Lord 2020
and perhaps any other time in existence
would I be tempted to attend a feast at Red Lobster
and indulge perhaps in a Dewgarita.
Why are you talking like this?
Because I'm a classic boy who-
You're a classic classy boy?
Yeah.
What the fuck?
You were just speaking like an old English bard.
Yep.
That character went so hard in the paint for so long.
That's a classy boy.
There was a-
It's such a thin sliver that people were probably listening like,
this must be a reference to something.
That's just one of those fancy lads
that you see eating at Red Lobster any other time except now.
But there had to be a point when you were saying all that stuff
when you were like,
man, I've been doing this wild voice for a long time
and it doesn't make much sense,
but I can't possibly stop now.
Can I tell you what's weird, Griffin?
Yeah.
I didn't notice.
You didn't notice?
I wasn't so much doing the voice as the voice was doing me.
Wow.
Yeah, like I just became the classic classy boy.
Yeah.
And like, I don't know what to tell you.
I feel like the voice did all of us.
I recently made cheddar bay biscuits at home.
Okay?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Is that okay with you, Dad?
I did that in cooking class in high school.
It was-
Yeah, they're easy.
I ordered, can I tell you guys something?
Yeah.
We were talking about if we weren't in,
I don't, there's actually-
The year of our Lord 2020?
Yeah.
I ordered on eBay.
I ordered, there's this new smart food popcorn
that has Cap'n Crunch Berries in it.
Okay.
And I really wanted to try it
because Dan, my co-host of my cereal podcast,
The Empty Bowl, he had tried it.
So I wanted to try it
because I want to try everything that Dan tries.
So I couldn't find it.
Dan jumped off a bridge?
Would you jump off a bridge?
I mean, if you needed me to rescue him or something.
No, it's bridge, Dan.
I couldn't find them in stores
because I don't really go to stores looking for popcorn.
So I got some off eBay for three bags.
I got some off eBay and they were shipped to my home.
And when I opened them, there was,
I just wanted to say there was a envelope
and I opened the envelope
and there was a handwritten thank you note inside
that said, thank you for buying this popcorn.
I hope you find it delicious.
And also inside there were four baseball cards.
I just thought that was so nice.
I fucking love eBay bonuses.
Yeah, just here's one thing I always do is baseball cards.
So there's four baseball cards.
Love the captain.
That's awesome.
Yeah, I just thought it was a nice little story.
I wanted to share a little bright spot.
All right.
Yeah, I got some bottle caps in a toy that I found.
I bought a toy and it came with bottle caps.
And yeah, you can do a lot with those.
Turn them into pins or caps-y.
I like to fling them.
You kind of put them between your thumb and your finger
and you fling them.
Can I do a quick Yahoo, please?
I love that.
Yes, please.
It's sent in by Emma Cant.
Thanks, Emma.
It's Yahoo Answers user Drishti asks,
hey guys, can somebody suggest me names
for some grand mansion like Thornhill of Riverdale?
Thanks.
I'm now realizing that this is the name of a building
or a state from the TV show Riverdale
and that there's not a place in the earth
called Thornhill of Riverdale.
Or is there?
Yeah, you don't know that.
Could be.
Here's the thing that I love about this.
At some point, there are some fancy ass houses out there,
you guys, with these fancy ass names.
At some point, if you have a mansion called Thornhill,
it didn't come with that name.
Like somebody built this house and said,
my house gets a name now.
And I like that.
I think we should do that more.
I have a name for my house.
I have a name for my house.
I'm not going to dox myself.
Well, my house name isn't registered anywhere, Justin.
You can't.
No, it's registered.
You can name your house.
It doesn't ever matter.
You can always name your house.
You should name me.
Everybody should name your house right now.
You don't live at an address.
You live in a state.
Just name your state.
It's just about naming it.
You can do whatever you want.
All right.
Let's just come up with some good, like,
Riverdale.
Feathertail.
Are we just going to rhyme things with Riverdale?
Because we could do that all day.
Heathertail.
Okay.
Stratford upon Avon.
Leather, Leatherwhale.
Thistleclaw, Thistleclaw.
Hey, are we doing warrior cat names?
Just Justin.
If you're Justin, if you're looking at a list of warrior cat names,
you legally have to tell us.
Ravenclaw.
I'm saying it's another Graystripe of Huntington.
I think what you should do, you should have more fun with it.
Because you could do an old stuffy name, right?
But you could also call it like Party Town, right?
Or just like, you could just like termite damage, you know?
Like have a fun name.
No, it's got to be a compound word.
It does?
Okay, how about Batman.
Batman.
This is Batman the house.
It's pretty moody in there.
No theme whatsoever on the outside or the inside.
This is my house Batman.
It just has Batman energy.
Big Batman energy.
Just when I see it, I think Batman.
See, you know what sucks?
Is a really cool name for a house is Brookstone.
But that's already a shop.
Ikea.
I'm gonna be straight with you.
I'm having trouble focusing on this question
because I was just thinking about Riverdale
and how I did used to watch that show.
But then I quit watching it.
There was an episode during this story arc
where there was a murderer who was murdering people
in the town of Riverdale.
And like killed a couple people.
And Archie got pretty PO'd about that.
I was gonna say Archie got killed
which would have been a really brave move.
No, but what Archie did
cause he didn't like that there are people getting murdered
is he got a bunch of his friends
and they put on red masks
and were shirtless in his garage
and they filmed themselves.
And Archie was basically like,
hey, serial killer.
If you don't stop, we're gonna kill you.
And I was like, I think I might be done watching this.
That's the wildest thing for a person to ever do
that I don't think I can hang
with this show's energy anymore.
Griffin, what is your criteria for watching a show then?
Because that for me is where I am now
for the first time interested in watching Riverdale.
Apparently it's got real magic in it now
and I don't, that's whatever, but I wanna.
Does Jughead do magic?
That's exciting.
I want a teen boys anti-murder club
who goes out and if there's people doing killing
we do killing on them first.
Well, it sounds like at least they gave a warning
and serial killers don't do that.
Dexter never did that.
And we're clearly shirtless
so you can see that our football bodies
could hurt your body killer person.
Unless the killer person, I don't know,
maybe is more in shape
or has more friends than Archie.
But that's not possible.
Archie has a lot of friends.
Very popular.
Jughead alone could take down a murderer too.
You didn't finish watching it
but do you think it turned out
that Jughead was the murderer?
Was the murderer.
Yeah.
Murdering for hamburger money, I assume.
I haven't watched the show but I've read the comics.
The podcast is over.
Okay.
Thanks for listening to My Brother My Brother
made it magic for the modern era.
I didn't know we could just do that.
Yeah, I can do it.
I actually have the power.
Oh, okay.
Next time do it like 15 minutes in.
No, we have to do enough comedy
to keep this nation afloat.
That's a lot of pressure on us.
Yeah.
Don't be afraid.
Embrace the challenge.
Okay.
Do you guys want to say anything?
I do.
In closing, I have a couple things.
First, there's going to be some really great
new merch out this week.
Over at mcrormerch.com, we're bringing back
the pin of the month.
And this month we're doing a tiger on the table
pin of the month designed by Sam Schultz.
And the proceeds for that are going to go to benefit
the Marsha P. Johnson Institute, which defends
and protects the human rights of black transgender
and gender non-conforming people.
And the Sylvia Rivera Law Project, which works
to guarantee that all people are free to determine
their gender identity and expression.
Also on mcrormerch.com, Candle Nights ornaments
by Lynn Doyle, Candle Nights wrapping paper
by Justin Gray, a new jumpscare pin that is very cute.
You can check that out.
So cute.
We have a book coming out that is all about
how to podcast, how to make a podcast
that you are proud of called
Everybody Has a Podcast Except You.
It's available for pre-order now.
If you go to the mcrormepodcastbook.com,
you can pre-order it in all sorts of forms,
including an audio book.
So go there, mcrormepodcastbook.com.
That's gonna come out in January.
And one more thing, we're doing some panels,
some stuff with New York Comic Con all digitally,
not in person because we are responsible.
There's a Taz Graphic Novel first look panel,
Thursday the 8th.
There's a free podcast Q&A panel, Sunday the 11th.
There's a D&D workshop, which is a ticketed event
Sunday the 11th.
And you can get all the information and ticket links
and everything at bit.ly slash McElroy's NYCC 2020.
And the M, the E, and the NYCC are capitalized.
Hey, thanks to John Roderick and the Longwinders
for the use for our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's very good and the song is good and the album is good.
And thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
Go to maximumfun.org, check out all the great shows there.
Shows like Minority Corner and Story Break
and a whole lot more, maximumfun.org.
Y'all want that final?
Oh, yeah.
One more thing, just a little thing.
Yeah.
Theresa and I are doing a little watch-along kind of podcast
thing for Great British Bake Off.
We're posting the episodes up on our YouTube channel,
the McElroy Family YouTube channel.
It's called Bake On.
Is it video?
Well, it's got a static image with audio on it.
Okay.
Yeah, so you can go and listen on YouTube.
It's really cute and funny.
Um, hey, here comes that, man, I was going to read this final,
but then like when you're looking at Yahoo Answers,
there's like stories that appear on top,
like little news stories.
And I don't know, one of them is even better than any final Yahoo
I could do because the headline of this story is
Dennis Quaid is over Cancel Culture.
Okay.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
My name is Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org
Comedy and culture
Artist-owned
Audience-supported
