The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Does anybody remember Laughter? That's one of my favorite lines from the hit movie,
Almost Famous. I remember laughing. It was just one Monday ago when I listened to My Brother,
My Brother, Me, but the sun has gone around the earth seven times. Is that it? That's how it goes,
and we're back for another episode of Jucks, Jokes, and Chorkels, and Jucks, and Chorks,
and Mighty Ducks, and Mighty Ducks. Quack. This is My Brother, My Brother, Me. It's an
advice show for the modern era. I am Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy.
So our show is that you ask us things, and then we take those things, and we make you
sound smarter by giving you the answers to all your problems. So let's get right into the answers
to the problems. I get ultra nervous around famous people. How can I work through my fear and build
up enough courage to talk to Felicia Day or Bruce Campbell at the Chicago Comic Con this year? That's
from Chaz Monroe. The easy answer is you don't. Don't. Don't do that. What do they need with you?
What do you have to say to people like them? Their lives are so much cooler than yours.
Well, the thing is, it's win-win, though. What are you going to say to them where Bruce
Campbell's going to make the decision not to hang out with you anymore? What have you got to lose?
Travis is really the one to be answering this question, because we usually,
if we see a celebrity or something, what we do is we tell Travis to go talk to them.
Oh, God. Yeah, he's our envoy to the stars.
Well, the nice thing is you can walk up to Bruce Campbell and be like,
hey, Bruce, shove it, and then walk away. He has no idea who you are.
Yeah, because they don't have feelings.
Well, but if you walk up and you say the nicest compliment you could possibly construct,
or the meanest insult, your stock doesn't go down in Bruce Campbell's eyes.
That's true. This conundrum is all in your head. If you say to yourself,
ah, screw it, I'm just going to be normal and polite, that's the number one thing.
What you don't want is for them to walk away thinking, man, what a weirdo.
Yeah.
What a weird guy. Now, speaking of this,
Travis, did you or did you not once give Bruce Campbell a cookie? Is that accurate?
I did. I did give him a cookie because he was talking about how everybody was giving him
hand-drawn pictures of Ash and action figures that they had made in their basement,
working on it for several weeks.
Ash Ketchum?
Yeah, Ash Ketchum. And I was like, well, do you want a cookie? I didn't make it,
but you can have it. And he was like, that's the greatest thing anyone's ever given me.
So anyone who sees Bruce Campbell at Comic-Con, give him a cookie.
He's down, man.
I guarantee he did not eat that cookie.
He did not. Hey, Darlene, throw this in the poison box for me.
It's chocolate chip and pills.
I cried into it just a little.
Just remember, when it comes to talking to famous people,
really your only goal should be that for years to come,
you can tell your friends how you talk to Bruce Campbell.
Yeah, it's not going to matter much to Bruce Campbell, ultimately.
Like, if you expect them to look at you and go, man,
that was a really witty thing you just said.
You seem like somebody I could be best friends with.
Yeah, that's not happening.
That's the thing. You've got to be realistic about what the interaction is going to be,
because they're not going to walk away thinking like, man,
I wish I had more time to chill with that dude.
It's just not how people's brains are wired.
Just try to make the best impression possible and be confident.
That's the number one thing.
Although I bet the only thing Bruce Campbell hates more than when people come up to him
and are super skin-peelingly awkward are the people who think they can hang on the same level
as Bruce Campbell or even worse or cooler than Bruce Campbell.
Yeah, you're not that.
You want to be reasonably complimentary.
You want to be like, I love your work.
Keep up the good stuff.
See you later.
That's it. That's all you need to do.
Mm-hmm. I do want to make a note about Felicia Day.
That is a different situation.
Just don't do that.
Yeah, don't talk to her.
Just don't talk to her.
She gets that all the time.
Let it go.
But talk to Bruce Campbell.
He seems all right.
Felicia Day from everything I've heard is very nice.
I haven't spoken to her.
I'm sure she's very nice, but the odds are you're going to walk up
and no matter what wonderful compliment you have formulated in your head,
it's going to come out like this.
Yeah, you're just going to start expectorating.
Wow.
Your hair is red.
It's nice.
Your pants like your toe.
I recently moved to a new city to be with my girlfriend.
Mistake?
Yeah.
There's like in parentheses, it doesn't.
Mistake?
Yes.
At first it was difficult, but well, well.
Wonder who could have told you that?
Could it have been our first episode?
Yep.
At first it was difficult, but now things are going well
and I've recently been hired on to do my dream job.
However, the most important thing in my life,
by which I mean my motivation, is this girl.
She recently informed me that she's moving to a city an hour and a half away
and said so nonchalantly as if it had not been a consideration
in the decision making process.
Is she packing her bags and moving away?
Love this guy.
Dude, she's giving you the Carmen Sandiego slip.
She goes from Nashville to Norway.
Hey, Ricky, where's Tracy?
I don't know.
I have to go buy an atlas.
Hello, shoes.
Where's your girlfriend?
How familiar are you with country flags?
Because I need someone who can identify them to find my girlfriend.
Hey, first off, that's some cold shit.
I just want to tell you that she's doing to you.
So you moved to Nowheresville, Indiana,
and she says, I'm moving an hour and a half away.
Is that the way this shakes out?
Really?
I've got to tell you, dude, honestly, I love you
because you listen to our show and I know that you love this girl.
That doesn't sound like the actions of somebody who cares enough about you.
No, especially to drop it.
It's one thing to be like, listen, I've had this opportunity come up.
I can't turn it down.
But you're just be like, oh, PS, I'm moving.
Peace, like.
BT dubs.
Yeah, that's right.
The nonchalantly is what really bothers me.
I mean, maybe she's, you know, I do that.
I think everybody does that where you feel really bad about something.
So it's not a big deal.
It's not an effective defense mechanism in the slightest.
But I've done it before.
I mean, 90 minutes isn't isn't too bad.
It's not like as far as long distance relationships goes, it's not too bad.
But presumably the only one he knows there.
Yeah.
And also, he moved to a city to be with her.
And then, yeah, like if they were in the same city to begin with,
and then she moved an hour and a half away, no problem.
But to him to relocate himself and then she moves away.
Here's a little tough love.
You might want to take a step back from the situation
and kind of take stock of the relationship
because you might be a little too close to it
and it might not be going as well as you think.
We got another email here.
I keep moving away from my boyfriend.
When is he going to and then he moves to where I am.
When is he going to get it to hit?
Love lost in Las Vegas.
I say, you know,
I say you just got hired to your dream job.
It's time to make a new home an hour and a half away
from your ex-girlfriend.
Yeah, you need some time for you.
You really do.
You need to take some time and see where it goes.
Don't follow her again.
If you want to like cool things off
and see if it's still working out in a few months, cool.
But you just got a good job.
And you really, the fact that she would do that
without really thinking about you that much,
it doesn't, it's worrisome.
Let's put it that way.
It's worrisome.
So take, I agree with Travis, take stock.
Just bury yourself in your work
because really work is the best girlfriend
that a guy could ask for.
I have 13 goddamn Yahoo answer questions.
Let's just do them back to back to back to back to back.
Yeah, let's kill ourselves.
I think it'd be good to start out with this one.
It was sent in by Randy May.
Thank you, Randy May.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Sarah, who asks,
why do I sleepwalk to the toilet, sit there and cry?
Ever since I was a child,
I would sleepwalk to the bathroom
and just sit on the toilet,
not going to the bathroom and cry.
The thing is, I'm usually conscious of it.
So am I sleepwalking?
Why am I doing this?
Hey, no, you're like really depressed.
You're like, you've been super depressed your whole life.
Your whole life.
And this thing you're doing
is the most depressing thing I've ever heard of.
So it's like a cyclical.
You're making yourself more depressed.
You're not sleepwalking.
You can't sleep.
You're conscious.
You're conscious.
Sometimes I sleepwalk,
but I didn't lay down to go to sleep,
but I did this really super depressing thing.
Um, everybody.
Yeah.
Everybody in the answers section agrees that,
agrees that this is just stone cold depression.
Can I just say right now,
if you post a question on Yahoo Answers
and everyone in the answers is like,
uh, if everyone on Yahoo Answers
isn't where you have a problem.
Oh, bad news.
If there's not one person in the answers who's like,
no, there's completely normal.
Then you've broken Yahoo Answers
and it's time to stop.
Cause there's some fucked up things
that people will endorse on Yahoo Answers.
It'll get raw in there.
Yahoo Answers user Jeremy responded.
It's probably hard gas and depression.
Wait, hard gas?
The least of combination.
Oh no.
Sounds bad.
Thanks for coming into my office today, Fred.
I've been listening to your stomach.
Sounds like you got hard gas.
That's where it crystallizes.
We're going to get some little miners in there
and really get that out for you.
Hard gas is the hardest thing to deal with
that you can have.
It's harder than diamonds.
Hard gas.
What's wrong with you Yahoo Answers?
So she, so she's, she goes to sleep
and she says, I need a walk.
I'm going to go to the toilet and sit on it and cry.
But she's not asleep is the thing.
Is the thing is she's not asleep.
That's not sleepwalking.
She's just unconsciously,
she's just like, you know, you do that from time to time.
You time travel.
You're like, oh, how did I, why am I doing this?
Like how am I, why am I sitting on my porch?
I'm not even wearing pants.
What's going on?
Maybe I went to like the worst hypnotist show ever.
Every time you see Jay Leno's face,
you will stand up from your bed.
You will walk to your toilet and you will cry.
To be fair, I do that every time I see Jay Leno's face.
I see Jay Leno's face too.
Hey, whenever I call a pizza place,
the first thing they say is, how can I help you?
I've gotten in the habit of saying, I'd like a pizza,
but I'm beginning to think that sounds a little patronizing.
Of course I'm ordering a pizza.
When I call a restaurant with pizza in its name,
what's the proper etiquette here?
How do I get through the pizza ordering process quickly
and without seem rude?
Thanks, Caro.
I like this one a lot.
Travis, is it Caro or did you just paste it improperly?
No, it's Caro.
Okay, Caro.
Not Carol.
Um, no.
I like that this is, uh, um, that's better than my usual,
which is I say, any pies today?
I just yell, zombie brah.
Zombie brah.
What's the za situation over there?
I like this a lot.
I think that when you, when you call, um, any,
any sort of food business,
you should explain as explicitly as, as possible,
the, the steps, the processes that brought you to,
to this phone call, like, hi, uh, Papa John's.
This is Griffin.
Um, I, I understand that you have pizza.
I'm in need of pizza.
Uh, I am calling your particular location
because that's close to my apartment.
And, uh, also I've heard great,
great things about your garlic dipping sauce.
So, uh, can we just begin the exchange right now?
Or do you have, do you have any questions for me?
I shouldn't, I shouldn't be so presumptuous.
What are the possibilities that you could bring me a pizza?
Do I need to come get the pizza?
What is the pizza situation at your location?
I don't want a pizza.
What I'd like is a round crust with sauce,
cheese, and toppings melted on top of it.
Can you do that for me?
Is that a possibility?
Hey, uh, I gotta, I gotta tell you,
this guy's working at the pizza place.
There is not, like, you being expedient
and efficient in your order
is the least rude thing you could do.
Yeah.
Like, the last thing he wants to do
is listen to you prattle on about,
and hem and haw about, you know, how,
what do you want to, what are you saying?
Your pizza's great.
I don't make it.
I work in a chain.
What I like to do is when they ask, how can I help you?
I pretend like I've called OnStar
and I've been in an accident.
That's good.
That's an efficient way of getting pizza.
That's not gonna be awkward.
How is this bad at getting pizza?
So bad, but really great at getting out of cars.
This is a, this is a total non sequitur,
but I found, I came across this incredible thing
on the internet that people have started doing
where they write, whenever you order pizzas online,
there's like a special field
where you can write in, like, special requests
and people have started asking, like,
draw a wizard on the box
and, like, sometimes you'll get somebody awesome
who will, in fact, draw a wizard on the pizza box.
So I wholly encourage people to start doing that.
Do you think if you said,
can you make me a happy face out of pepperonis?
Yes, I think they could do that.
Yeah.
Oh, you know what else?
Emailer, Caro, I have completely stopped using the phone
for my pizza order.
I mean, maybe if you're calling, like,
you know, the local pizza joint,
then this would be a different situation.
But, like, Papa John's and Dominio's,
they will, you just do that online.
Do that on your computer.
Dominio's has a tracking system that tells you
who made your pizza and who is putting it in the oven.
Yeah, like, what stage of its life cycle it's currently at.
I wish it went further, actually.
I wish it was, like, in your small intestines.
Or into the past, like,
Justin is thinking about ordering a pizza.
Justin has a deep, deep pizza hunger.
That's your intro.
Hi, my name is Phillip.
My pizza hunger is deep.
I have a deep, rich pizza hunger.
I got a vein of pizza need in me that goes way down.
Do you guys sell pizza?
Because you're called Pizza Hut.
There's still a little confusion there.
It's nebulous.
It's nebulous on your pizza.
So I guess what we've settled on is zombie, bro.
I think that's still the best.
Griffin, hit me.
We need another one.
Good, because I got them.
I know, you know you got them.
How about this?
It was sent in by Emily Terrible.
Thank you, Emily Terrible.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Drake H, who asks,
need some good drug awareness slogans.
10 points.
Oh, I should explain.
Yahoo Answers has this form of currency
that I don't think I've ever discussed,
but it's highly upsetting.
I think like you can give people points
for answering your questions.
I don't know what you do.
You spend those points on like kush balls?
I don't know.
I'll never know.
Anyway, just need some good drug awareness slogans.
It'll be better if they rhyme.
10 points to the best one.
That probably means the one with the most
or the one with a really, really good one.
Thanks, guys.
The best answer is by Yahoo Answers user, A7X Rules,
who says, for inhalants, you could get a picture
of the big bad wolf huffing something
and write he huffed and puffed
and then a picture of a grave
and underneath that, right?
And he blew himself in.
Or there's a whole website dedicated to it.
Just say, no, I'm too good for drugs.
Drug-free is the way to be.
Don't choose the booze.
If you choose the booze, you lose.
What's your anti-drug?
Stay alive.
Don't drink and drive.
Shoot up for the stars, not your arms.
Smoking the dope won't help you breathe.
You cope up with hope, down with dope.
If you don't know jack, you won't smoke crack.
This is your brain.
This is your brain on drugs.
Any questions?
Drugs are retarded, so don't get started.
Say not to pot.
PCP bad for me.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Say not to pot?
Hey, man, do you want some pot?
Not.
No, no, it's like a Wayne's World throwback.
Hey, I'd love some pot.
Not.
PCP bad for me.
I love that one.
Because sometimes, like, I have a big PCP rock, a big vial of PCP juice.
A big sack of PCP.
A big strip of PCP.
I have a container full of PCP.
I have a container with PCP in its appropriate form in the appropriate amount to get me fucked
up.
And I think, is it?
Can I?
Should it?
Do it?
But then PCP bad for me just runs through my mind, and I fly away.
Kiss meth mouth goodbye.
Hugs not drugs.
I'm above the influence.
Pot makes your brain rot, so let's not.
Get high on life, not on drugs.
You don't need heroin to be a hero.
Be aware.
Don't share.
What?
Griffin, you are-
Those are your drugs.
Griffin, you're probably the best slam poet of our time.
Do you think?
I feel like, listening to you, I feel like I'm on Russell Simmons Deaf Poetry Jam.
It's like a tri- it's transportive.
Say not to pot?
You can't just make things up, and then pretend that not is something you say to people.
Yeah.
You can't be like, say jeed to weed.
Say what?
The rest of that should be, say not to pot, and then get beat up because you're an idiot.
If you say any of these things, you will get the shit beaten out of you.
Like, hey, hey, hey buddy.
You wanna, you wanna eat, do you wanna eat or snort or somehow imbibe this PCP?
Uh, sorry guys.
PCP?
Bad for me.
Do you wanna help me drink this empty squeeze it bottle of PCP?
That's what they keep them in.
They melt the top of the lighter.
They drink to squeeze it, then they melt the top of the lighter.
That's why it's so popular, it's a drug.
It's because-
They fill it with PCP.
There's so much impetus to squeeze it.
Who are these people that are constantly having to turn down drugs?
And why can't they just say no?
Is the dealer gonna be like, that wasn't creative enough, take this.
Try again.
I need to feel it.
I need to feel that you really don't want my drugs that I bought.
Could you, if only you had rhymed, I wouldn't be shoving this PCP in your mouth and eyes.
Or possibly ears or nose.
Or ears or nose.
Perhaps butthole.
I don't know how it's distributed.
I don't know about PCP very well.
Angel dust, Griffin, angel dust.
Is that what it is?
Yeah, you know, angel dust.
Probably snort.
That actually sounds kind of nice.
But it's bad for you, don't forget.
Ah, shit.
Yeah, sometimes I get confused.
I label my empty squeeze it bottles.
Just say bad for me, honestly.
Can we come up with anything for this person?
Like, better than say not to pot?
How about say yes to the dress?
Because if you spend your money on dresses, you won't have any money for drugs.
Yeah, all I can come up with is something like angel dust.
It sounds really pleasant, but I'm going to have to pass.
No, see, that's nice because I didn't know that before.
I was literally 15 minutes away from going out to the street and finding some dust.
I appreciate your offer of marijuana, my friend, but unfortunately,
I'm going to have to pass because I have things to do today.
What about I'm broke?
By that point, you're just punched in the face.
I'm broke?
I'm broke.
How about you holding, keep holding, and then you walk away.
That's a pretty good one.
I think that that would really shut him down.
Hey, I'm a secret cop.
A secret cop.
Yeah, I'm a cop.
That'll get you out of any of these.
Let me tell you about Jesus.
My dad, not angels.
You're confused.
My dad's a cop.
That's how you turn any drug dealer down.
My dad's a cop.
Yeah, he's going to bust us.
I think that this is an imagined situation.
I don't think that there are these people who want to say no to drugs,
but don't know how to do it.
Who don't know how to come up with a good cover story for why they don't want to do drugs.
Yeah, do you want to know how I say no to drugs when people offer them to me?
Oh, no, thanks.
That's it.
That's all you have to do.
Yeah, or maybe I'm cool.
I'm cool, but you're the fool.
Don't do drugs.
I'll just keep drinking this whiskey.
Thank you so much.
That's what I usually say.
I'm getting high on life, by which I mean whiskey.
My friend wants to ask someone to Sadie's.
What is that?
Like Sadie Hawkins?
Okay.
Sorry, I didn't have that in my school.
I grew up in the 50s and that had been antiquated for 30 years.
She doesn't know what she should say.
Her plan is to make a banner with a pickup line and the question to ask the guy to Sadie's
and hang it from the top of the stairs at lunch.
What should she put on there?
Sorry about this.
Any suggestions are welcome.
If you come up with something inappropriate, she's willing to tape it up there and run
off campus if necessary.
Thanks.
Shigatai.
How about, hey, you're probably going to say no because of this banner.
Hey, everything you just said sounds absolutely like the worst.
Don't do any of that.
You know what really makes someone want to go out with you?
Public embarrassment.
Humiliation.
Hey, look over there.
It's Banner Bob.
Kid that people only know because they'll go on a banner about him.
Just print out some four by sixes of his tiny dick and paste it on every single locker that
you can find.
This is Bob's dick.
It's minuscule.
Will he get a Sadie Hawkins with me?
Not now.
Probably.
Oh, God.
See, okay, girl, you are illustrating the classic men are from Mars, whoever from V is
Conundrum.
A girl would love that.
That would be so romantic.
She would love that.
A guy that does not, he's not, no, don't do that.
He's in a very delicate situation.
He's in high school.
Probably, presumably, right?
I mean, high school, it seems like a Sadie Hawkins, right?
High school.
Well, she said run off campus or he said run off campus.
And like, if I tried to run off my campus at Huntington High School, I would have been
shot as I tried to leave the gate.
Got a runner.
My question is this.
What possibly put your friend under the impression that she needed to do a big display?
Why don't you just walk up to the dude and be like, hey, Sadie Hawkins, you down?
Um, like, that's going to cover it.
Yeah, that'll be plenty.
That'll be plenty of interaction for this.
Now doesn't even have to do that much.
OK, but we are we are we're we are violating the premise of this question.
She's hanging a banner up the banner.
She bought the banner.
OK, she's already prepaid on the banner.
OK, she lost her receipt.
She's already done three exchanges at Walmart this year.
So it's not going back.
Got to do it.
What is the banner say?
Um, you're the best I'm going to do.
Let's go to Sadie Hawkins together.
I still think sorry about all this would be really effective.
Please don't read this banner.
Let's go to Sadie Hawkins.
What if you blame it on somebody he doesn't like?
Carolyn put this banner up.
So don't go to Sadie Hawkins with her.
Go to Sadie Hawkins with me, your friend.
What if you made one of those pictographs?
Is that what it's called?
One of the things that's like pictures with like, it's like a puzzle.
A rebus.
A rebus.
So you have a rebus, right?
But it's you just take a big picture of Stephen Hawking and you put it up there.
So you put it up there and like you write minus T minus Tevin.
I was much more interested in going to a Stephen Hawking's dance.
Yeah, the good thing is lots of seating.
Not a lot of talking.
Not a lot of talking.
And all of like the hip-hop, the shitty hip-hop music they play is run through a vocoder.
Shorty got low.
We're allowed to make fun of him because he's so goddamn smart.
Yup, he's never gonna listen.
My anaconda don't want none unless you got buttons hun.
Here it is.
Want to roll up to the Stephen Hawking's dance with me?
Why don't you ask him to the Stephen Hawking's dance?
Why don't you get Stephen Hawking to ask him to the Sadie Hawkins dance for you?
Wait, where are you going?
Come back.
Just give me 21 minutes to type this out with my eye.
Stop it.
Is that what he does?
Why don't you turn the banner?
Why?
I can make fun of him.
He's like, he's succeeded.
Sure, he ripped a hole in space with his thoughts, but listen.
What if he does that to me?
He uses his brain to kill me from far away.
He almost certainly will.
You've got this banner, right?
That's what we're saying, that she has this banner.
Why don't you not write something clever on it and hang it at the top of the stairs at lunch?
Why don't you use it as some sort of makeshift net?
Catch that boy.
Catch that boy and bind him.
Catch him, bind him, take him to the dance.
I'm going to wrap you up like a mummy and you're going to be mine forever.
Come on, mummy.
Because what every guy is waiting for is to be wrapped up like a mummy.
And then tag him and release him back into the water.
Where's Rob?
He looks like he's in science class right now.
In six months, we'll pull him in and trim his nails and clean his teeth and see how he's doing.
Well, I'm going to get him investigated.
He'll eat me out of your hand.
Hold a super donut out of your hand.
He'll peck at it.
Now he's sleepy.
Who's sleepy?
Now he's sleepy.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah, perfect.
Okay.
This one was sent in by Jacob Blocker.
Thank you, Jacob Blocker.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Holmes, who asks,
Answering the phone while having sex.
Super hot or really rude?
That sounds like the headline of like a some sort of Dateline report.
I'm sure at one point or another while you were all doing the deed, the phone rang.
And that's where this question starts.
Where does it end?
No one knows.
Is it super hot to answer the phone and pretend like nothing is going on while continuing to have
sex, or is it unbelievably rude to even glance at the phone to see who it is?
What more, answer it.
I think we are all in agreement that texting during a dinner date is terrible manners,
but why is it more acceptable during sex, considering sex is much more intimate than
sharing a meal or a conversation?
It's not!
Your thoughts?
You're a fucking psychopath, Hans.
You're a fucking psycho.
Who said- Why is it that everybody says it's cool to text during sex?
Like, what are you talking about?
That's not a thing.
What reports are you reading?
Yeah, according to the Hans Daily.
If I ever-
Texting was sexting, like that's what you thought sexting was.
Everybody's talking about sexting right now.
I guess it's all right to do, but it seems rude to me.
Also, I just want to point out, I don't care how good a fucking actor you are.
I'll know.
Ain't no way you're pulling that off.
You're not- Yeah, everybody knows.
What's upsetting is that I probably wouldn't know, and like that's the most upsetting thought
in my mind right now.
So now whenever I have a conversation with anybody over the phone and I hear like a small
lull, like the tiniest lull, I'm just going to assume that they're boning down.
So this is- Okay, first off, I'll tell you what is sexy, Hans.
Calling it doing the deed.
That's really- That's so hot.
What I love is a euphemism for sex that I'm pretty sure my gym teacher used when he was
trying to explain it to boys and girls.
When you say doing the deed, it makes it sound like you're committing a felony.
Is it okay to answer the phone when making whoopee?
That's either like a small, small boy or a dog or a corpse that you're doing the thing
to.
Later he did the deed.
Don't know how else to put it than that.
And he chopped him up and he buried him in a hole.
So find him guilty, please.
We got tons of evidence because he was talking on his goddamn cell phone.
We've been tracing all his texts.
His texts that he sent while having sex with people.
What a weird-
Chopping him up right now, lol.
Loz.
Loz.
You know what's worse is that he probably doesn't have like an iPhone.
He's probably got one of those old, like, Zack Morris giant cell phones.
Time out!
Hey, sweetheart.
Sweetheart, can you unflip this for me?
I need you to flip it open.
I need to- And I need you to hold the pound key down while I press this letter so I can
capitalize it.
I mean, good for Hans to apparently have this as much like- He can just like focus on- He
can do more than one thing at once whenever he's doing the deed.
Like, how does that not demand all of your- How does that not demand all your attention?
If it's not, then you're not a very considerate lover.
Maybe, Hans, the problem is you're not a very considerate lover.
Also, getting to have sex and getting somebody to call me to want to do something are two
such rare events.
I can't imagine them aligning.
I just know that when I go into a movie, I turn off my cell phone so it's not to interrupt
the other patrons.
But when I'm having sex, I turn it all the way up.
Sorry, other patron.
It's just you and me now.
I even tweet.
I tweet my phone number like, give me a ring.
About to get it on.
Nothing hotter than that.
Hit me up.
When you call the My Brother, My Brother, Me voicemail, I guess it can't- That doesn't
work because it happens on the internet.
Yeah, it's gross also to think about.
But just, you know, chances are.
Chances are.
I fuck all the time.
Just 26, 7.
Oh, because he's in Chicago.
He's got that extra hour in that different time zone.
How much does age matter in a relationship?
I'm 22 and I work with a 35 year old that I am crushing on hardcore.
I think the only reason that we aren't sleeping together right now is because he thinks I
am too young.
Thoughts?
Well, you are too young.
You are too young.
That's gross.
22 and 35?
I think it's once it's half your age.
If half your age is the difference between, I think that's-
But that's so he's cool?
No, I'm saying he's not cool.
I'm saying that's more than half your age.
If half of his age is 11, right?
Half of his age is 35.
So adding 11 to 22 is 33.
Right?
You're too young.
You're too young.
He's gonna hurt you.
He knows so much more shit than you do.
I mean, if you're mature enough to enjoy the taste of a vine-ripened 30 plus man,
I'd say that you are pretty mature.
Don't listen to Travis.
Us 30 plus guys have to stick together.
His jaundiced, sun-stained, wrinkly old skin.
There's no one- I think once you hit 30 plus, you assume that no one wants to have sex with
you.
Maybe you need to be more explicit.
And just go up to him and say, hey, oldie, let's do this.
Hey.
Hang a banner.
Ready to be a statistical improbability?
Have some sex.
This is a sexy episode.
It is not a lot of sex in this episode.
It's just right.
A lot of people want to have sex, but not able to work it out.
Or a pizza.
They just can't seem to make the initial connection.
Sagging with sex juice.
Hey, yeah, I'd like extra cheese, pepperoni, and sagging with sex juice.
Is this weird?
Is this a weird conversation we're having?
I was looking for a less awkward way to order pizza, and the podcast I listened to said,
I should order it with sex juice so that we'd have a good laugh about it.
Sex juice and angel dust.
That is my favorite Cary Grant movie, though.
I still have like a dozen yahoos.
Okay, do another one.
Okay, do another one.
Wait, are we, I mean, did we help 22 and 35 out enough?
Just go for it.
He wants to, he wants to, he wants you on and around him.
Just go for it.
The short answer is age doesn't matter in a relationship unless it does matter in a relationship.
Like, if it doesn't matter to either one of you, it's not a problem.
If it matters to him, then it's a problem.
He doesn't think you're too young, trust me.
I think, I mean, he's just scared.
Long as he's not married.
Long as he's not married.
You don't want to be a homewrecker.
Unless he is.
I feel like maybe I should just read like five or six of the headlines,
and then you guys can tell me.
Choose your adventure style.
Which one we should, which one we should dip into.
Okay.
Do it.
Does that sound acceptable?
Okay, how about this?
I'll just read them, and then I'll go into further detail when you decide.
Question, who does Ash really kiss from Pokemon?
Is it okay to cry after sex?
How do you ask someone to model for you?
Could an adult male survive on just breast milk?
Can I lick my cat?
I enjoy it, does he?
Getting a tattoo soon, I know what I want, but could you guys help me with something?
I need help naming my chinchilla breeding business.
Okay, okay, all right.
Could I legally hunt and kill a Sasquatch?
Okay, I vote on the chinchilla business.
Okay, chinchilla business.
This is easy.
We can knock this one out quick though.
Okay, all right.
Chinchis and a cinchi.
What?
This one was sent in by Matt Warren.
Thank you, Matt Warren.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Megan, who asked,
I need help naming my chinchilla breeding business.
Hello?
I am looking into breeding chinchillas, but I need a name for my company.
I want it to be something elegant and pretty, and the last word needs to be chinchillas or exotics.
I don't want anything that says Megan's or Ontario's, etc.
I also don't want silly names like chinny chin chins.
That's the best.
That's the best one, though.
It needs to sound sophisticated.
For example, some names I like are Blue Moon Chinchillas, Blue Moon Exotics,
Autumn Breeze Chinchillas, Autumn Breeze Chinchillas,
Autumn Breeze Chinchillas, Autumn Breeze Exotics,
White Rose Chinchillas, White Rose Exotics.
If you need any other information, just ask.
Also, if you want to add in some possible chinchilla names, I wouldn't mind.
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
Bramble Pelt.
Thanks for everything, Megan.
Storm Scream.
Night Shadow.
Can I suggest Fluffy Rats Exotics?
Because that says what they are without it coming right out and saying chinchillas.
Chinchillas is a bit on the nose.
Can I suggest Chin Deep?
Chin Deep.
Now, it does have to end with chinchillas or exotics.
Those are the rules.
Chin Deep Exotics?
Oh, that's not good.
That's not a good...
That doesn't work for me at a few levels.
That sounds like a website that opens up when you're on another website
you shouldn't be on accidentally.
Ready to go chin deep?
How did you get chin deep?
No one started dumping exotics.
When it got waist deep, you weren't like, ow.
It didn't happen all at once.
I am chin deep in exotics right now.
That pit of exotics doesn't look so deep.
I'm going to jump in and just see how it goes.
I'm chin deep.
What about Speed Rats?
Speed Rats.
Because that's what chinchillas are.
They're like rats, but they dart back and forth very quickly.
Erotic exotics.
Okay, now we're on to something.
Yeah, that's good.
It's got like a little flow to it.
What about Mussolini's Chinchillas?
I mean, you want something classy.
Something classy.
How about Sacco Chinchillas?
Sacco Chinchillas.
And then your best thing is like, you already have a gimmick.
So like, people come in, you're like, how about a Sacco Chinchillas?
And like, they can pay extra for the grab bag, and who knows what's in the grab bag.
Spoiler alert, dead chinchillas.
There's a good one.
Dead chinchillas.
People come in like, hey, what the fuck, man?
And you're like, no, no, no, they're very much alive.
Would you like one?
It's pronounced the odd.
How about Tiny Shitty Cats?
Chinchillas.
Exotics.
Exotics.
Exotics.
Anytime you have like any pets smaller than a cat, just fuck you.
Like, that's not a thing.
Yeah, let's get out of here with that.
Unless it's a ferret, which is like a long cat.
I still don't like those.
A friend of mine once told me that I shouldn't be afraid of his chinchilla
because it has little raspberry eyes and it wouldn't hurt a flea.
What does that mean?
That's a weird name for a business.
It has like segmented eyes?
Yeah, no, it looks like a ra- I think it may be just the color of raspberry.
I hope they don't have segmented eyes.
That would be pretty much the worst.
They could see you from all angles.
There's gotta be something.
I think we've got-
Out of curiosity, are there any answers on that question?
Yeah, there's gotta be some, right?
I mean, they're all, but they're all very...
How about Clueless Money Grubbers R Us?
That's a little mean.
Excuse me?
Breeding any animals not a business or a company.
They're not there for your profit.
I'm ruining things.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Ragged Telecaster says,
I don't know about names, but I'll breed with your chinchillas if you like.
Oh, no.
Dude.
What?
What did you say to me?
You'll breed-
Here, hey, do it on site and call it the worst thing you've ever seen chinchillas.
The island of Dr. Moreau chinchillas.
Yeah.
A nightmare circus sideshow.
Everything you've ever feared in your life, chinchillas.
How about just chinchilla-
I want to buy a chinchilla, maybe want to die.
How about loose and easy chinchillas?
The sluttiest madam chinchillas.
Madam chinchillas.
Your first time around, you're gonna want Rosie.
She breaks in the newbies.
Yahoo Answers user EmeraldA responded,
I like autumn breeze exotics, but I am thinking chinny chinny chill lala.
Chinchilla cool cats or chinchilla CCs for short.
Chinchilla CCs?
What?
It is good to start out the name with C because one of the first listed in directories.
And how about chinny chilled out cats?
Lol.
What the fuck are you saying?
Chinny chilled out cats?
How about fun dip baseball disco dance?
Like how about we just make a bunch of words
that have nothing to do with the thing that she asked about.
So he says you should pick something with a C
because it's one of the first letters.
Like you know the first one, right, dog?
Yeah, maybe a few pages in the directory that precede chinny chilled out cats.
You dumb fuck.
To be fair, everyone knows everyone just skips right over A and B
because those are for pussies.
You got to go right into the C.
That's where the meat of the matter is.
Absolutely amazing.
Chinny chin chinchilla cats.
Aardvarks chin chinchillas for fuck's sake.
This is what you call your business.
Aardvarks and chinchillas and not aardvarks.
Aardvarks, chinchillas, and just kidding about the aardvark exotics.
Just do a rebus with a picture of an aardvark plus chinchilla minus aardvark.
Because everybody knows that in the film book rebuses come first.
Go on in and watch a grown man fucking chinchilla.
I'm so glad we're back to back.
The rebus for that is going to be a nightmare.
Here at aardvarks, chinchillas, and not aardvarks.
I came here to fuck aardvarks and chinchillas and we're fresh out of aardvarks.
So this is misleading advertising.
I'm also a lawyer.
Good to see you.
But first I am going to- I've heard good things about Rosie.
Can you direct me to her?
Goddamn slut rats.
You're fooling nobody.
I can't get past it.
Nothing's funnier than a man having sex with a chinchilla.
How am I going to top that with like-
More like logistically perplexing.
Yeah, all I can picture is that if that was as the business,
watch a dude fucking chinchilla, it's just him waving and smiling at a crowd.
And it's really messing with me.
Dear Bob, do you and your chinchilla-sized wiener want to go to Sadie Hawkins with me?
Get back of me.
Here's a photo of reference for people who are not familiar with Bob.
You said chinchilla-sized and I heard chinchilla-shaped.
We have to move on.
We can't legally.
I'm stuck here.
I'm stuck here, too many terrible images.
Is it weird or gross when you answer your cell phone while on the toilet?
My brother does that all the time.
And when I tell him it's gross, he begs to differ.
Yes, the end of the show.
That was easy.
Yeah, it is.
Don't ever do that again.
I mean, what's the fucking-
What could possibly be ambiguous about this?
There's nothing to debate on this question.
It's gross.
It's gross always.
Unless.
Unless.
No.
Unless you push it and answer your phone in a huge airport bathroom while everyone else is going.
That's really good.
Hey, Christy, it's Reggie.
What's up?
What are you doing?
I'm just crying.
How did I get here?
Thank you for calling me and helping me snap out of it.
Damn you, Mr. Mysterio.
You got me again.
I want to hear Griffin's last question.
But first, housekeeping.
If you want to listen to other shows, if you want to talk to like-minded individuals,
anything you can dream of, mbmbam.com is our web address.
Make sure you head over to the maximumfun.org forums.
That's where everybody is talking.
We've seen there have been a lot of mbmbam listeners who have made the pilgrimage over
there and I just want to tell each and every one of you how just I'm legitimately super
proud of every one of you.
Yeah, scary.
But just don't be afraid because you could do it.
I noticed a little bit of hesitation in the first couple first couple weeks, but I think
that I think that our communities are they're jelling.
Yeah, they are jelling.
And also there's a there's a post on the forum every week where people discuss the
new show.
Go there and like talk about it so we can beat those jerks that stop podcasting yourself.
I want our forum to have more responses than theirs.
Why are you so angry at them?
I'm going to start.
I need to start an imaginary.
You know how like they say you go to prison and kill somebody the first day?
It's the same principle.
No, I love those guys.
They just had their 150th show for them.
Oh, congrats.
I know.
Congrats, guys.
Mazel tov.
That's a funny ass show.
I feel like we should do a better job.
Like, go listen to all the different Maximum Fun podcasts.
They're all so, so incredible.
Yeah, they're all great.
We get questions all the time where people are like, well, I'm finally caught up on your
show.
What do I do now to wait till next Monday?
Go to Maximumfun.org and listen to all of those shows.
There's like hundreds of Jordan Jesse Goes.
Yeah, there's.
Jump on those.
Stop podcasting yourself.
Judge Jon Huntsman.
Go listen to Jordan Jesse Go a bit where they're coming up with new
new sci-fi channel movies that combine people with animals.
One of them was Jose.
Jose can snake.
So go listen to those shows.
You'll really enjoy them.
If you would like to sponsor our show, we will.
We will.
We would love to have you on as a sponsor.
We'll say whatever the hell you want us to.
We're dirty like that.
And you can like where the chinchillas of podcasting.
We are the chinchillas of pocket.
That was our original title.
The email Teresa.
That's with an H, correct?
That is correct.
At Maximumfun.org and tell her, hey, I want to get on board with those guys.
It's affordable.
It is.
It's like a hundo.
So get on board.
Hundo for a personal message, 150 for a commercial message.
I'd like to say a couple of special things.
Um, one out to KSDB, the Wildcat 91.9, your antidote to commercial radio with hot Donna.
That's good.
What are you doing?
Yeah.
You like that?
No, I like this.
It's a Kansas state, uh, college radio station.
Um, and hot Donna gave us a great shout out and recommended us to all the listeners.
So can I wait?
I want to give her a liner.
I want to give her a letter.
Hey, you're listening to KSDB, the Wildcat 91.9.
Your antidote to commercial radio with hot Donna.
Worth its weight in gold.
You're welcome hot Donna.
Hey, this is my brother, my brother, me and Oasis.
And you're listening to KSDB Wildcat.
They're being quiet.
We're here with Mark McGrath.
Listen to the KSDB, the Wildcat 91.9.
Can we go a week without a Mark McGrath reference?
It's dated and like completely like why the fuck do we keep talking about this dude?
I love him.
I can't get enough.
Hey, lock into KSDB, the Wildcat 91.9 and enjoy fucking that chinchilla.
Break off the knob.
Uh, so also a special thanks to Michael, Eric and Stephen for helping me out with a,
with a project, uh, for work.
They're very nice guys.
Um, on Twitter, thank you to at Matt Murray for recommending us to your friend and at
mad offer.
Sorry about fart touch.
I just kind of want to apologize to everyone.
It's like a blanket apology for touching.
I feel like fucking Pandora and I opened a box and let fart touch out and I've ruined
lives.
Yeah, you can't put that back.
I'm so very sorry.
Master Stealth on YouTube.
He created a video to help introduce, um, new listeners.
So, you know, check it out.
It's all about the people's nasty gum bit.
Um, so thank you much.
If you search MBM on YouTube, you find a lot of clips.
That's a good way to introduce people to show say, Hey, let's do the show.
Here's a bit.
Here's a bit.
They do.
There's a classic bit.
One of the recurring bits.
We don't actually have those, but it would be nice if we did, you know, we need to bring
back, you know, it's coming back in fashion for the, for the new spring season listening
parties.
Ooh, listening parties.
We, this for our, for our new listeners, we used to do this thing and we still do it.
We just, not a lot of people have requested them where, uh, if you get together with a
group of friends, what was our ruling?
Was it four?
We said it's two for God.
So four for us.
Cause it's okay.
So, you know, four more gathered in our name.
Preferably some people who've never, maybe, maybe a couple of people who'd never heard
the show before.
Um, but you, uh, yeah, you guys, you get together with them, uh, and you, you schedule a listening
party and you send us an email with explicitly stating this is for the listening party.
Uh, and we will record you a brief private message, which we will send to you.
Tell us as much about the party as you can so we can try to make it, you know, it's
personal.
Yeah, it's important that afterward we need pics or it didn't happen.
Photographic evidence.
Uh, if you need a template, uh, just check out the mod locks because, uh, dude's still
repping the set after what?
Like five months, nothing, but nonstop parties like party 17 or something.
Yeah, it's completely, it's sickening, but like in a good way, sickening in a good way.
No, I'm thank you.
I'm I'm sick.
And I think that's it, right?
That's all of our garbage we have to do.
All of our housekeeping.
Uh, did you give out our email address?
N B N B M at gmail.com.
Did you give out our phone number?
There it is.
Three, two, one, three, three, three N B N B A M seven eight three nine.
Wow.
I don't know.
I don't think you got a single one of those.
I don't.
I don't actually know the number.
It's two zero three N B N B A M one.
Okay.
Oh, it's easy enough.
That's easier than I made it out to be.
I think.
Yeah.
Just call and leave us a message cause we like hearing your voices.
Yeah, we just, we love you very much.
Uh, so Griffin hit me with the last question.
One to grow on.
One to think about.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This one was sent in by Donald Hawkins.
Thank you, Donald.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Tommy Smith, who asks,
can you help me stop thinking about Sonic the Hedgehog?
He's Travis McElroy.
He's Griffin McElroy.
He's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
This is going to wear on the lips.
Keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Play your part, play your part.
