The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, the advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
It's an exciting week for martial basketball. We got us, we, the herd, me and the guys,
got into the finals, the NCAA basketball finals for the third time ever and won our first
ever NCAA finals game. Hey, go herd. We are marshal. You know what? I've been thinking
about it. We are marshal. Last night, the herd was thoroughly drubbed by WVU to the surprise of,
oh, probably a few diehards, but like not me personally because I kind of suspected that,
that, you know, that full court press. You know, but we thundered, we thundered right to second
place in that match and that's how I like to think. In each basketball match, there's a first
place and a second place and you can't feel too bad about second place. But I don't bring you guys
here to talk about. What are we talking about? I don't want to talk about being in the paint and
dunkaroos and all the great basketball lingo. I want to address something that I don't know how,
it's kind of weird that we haven't addressed on this program before and I wanted to bring it
before you now. Are you two, my brothers, aware that the name of the coach of the thundering herd
is Dan Dan Tony? Wait, question. Are you aware of the fact that the coach of the thundering herd,
the basketball team in our hometown, and we have never brought this up, the man's name is Dan
Dan Tony. Okay, is it Dan? Yes. Separate word Dan, separate word Tony, like Tony, Tony, Tony?
No, it's as though his name is Dan, first name Dan, last name, capital D, apostrophe, capital A,
N-T-O-N-I. It's like a fantasy version of if his name wasn't just Dan Dan Tony.
He's an adventure zone NPC who we had a hard time naming.
This is like a Bond James Bond kind of thing. Well, no, it'd be a James Bond.
That's right. Dan Dan Tony. Dan? Dan Dan Tony. Dan. Dan Dan Tony.
He's three men, and that's what makes him so great at coaching basketball. As we all know,
a full basketball team is three people, and he can just sort of divide. His Alar is so strong.
He divides his mind into three parts, and one is thinking about passing. The other one is thinking
about catching and shooting. The third one is thinking about blocking the defenders,
and he's a whole team in there in that brain. You seem a little off Dan Dan Tony.
Yeah, Dan too is thinking about lunch. You know how it is.
Now, I wanted to say that if he was the head of a crime family, he would then be Don Dan Dan Tony
is one thing I wanted to say is he would be Don Dan Dan Tony. Now, if he was the head of
a professional crime family who fought his way there by achieving a high rank in a martial art,
then he could be 5th Don Dan Dan Tony.
But that is his plan as I've gotten.
But also, if he had written a Broadway musical that won some kind of award, he could be Don
Don Dan Dan Tony Tony award winner.
That is very good. He could be 5th Don Don Dan Dan Tony Tony award winner.
I think that's all the Dan Dan Tony I have.
You think we could get more? Do you think we could get more?
If he was also a hat, you could say to someone Don 5th Dan Don Dan Dan Tony Tony award winner.
Yes, that's one thing you could say.
If he was in an early 90s hip hop group that created the hit single If I Had No Loot,
he could be and also was the other shit in the joke that I've already forgot.
He could be Don Don Dan Dan Tony Tony award winner of Tony Tony Tony.
I think that's as much as we can squeeze in there.
If you were only permitted to wear him at daybreak, then one thing you could say is
at Don Don 5th Don Don Dan Dan Tony Tony award winner of Tony Tony Tony.
That's it, end of joke.
And if that was a little bit too much, then you could say yours again, Justin.
Okay, at Don Don 5th Don Don Don Don Tony Tony Tony award winner of Tony Tony Tony.
And tone it down. Tone it down.
That's too much.
All right, so that was a very good joke about a college basketball coach
who is probably going through one of the worst days of his life right now.
But hey, he should feel good about their performance.
Nobody expected him to get that far.
Congratulations to the herd.
Congratulations to at Don Don 5th Don Don Dan Dan Tony Tony award winner of Tony Tony Tony.
Tone it down.
So should we get the advice or we could talk more.
We I'm interested in talking more about college basketball if we want to sort of circle back
to the who's remaining in the NCAA tournament and just check out.
Thank you to everybody who submitted their questions for our special project.
We think that's going to be episode 400 probably.
Maybe yes.
We did a weird we had a weird day last.
We had a weird day last week and you will be privy to it all.
But for now it's 398.
So let's just ruminate in the the castle of sand that we've built for ourselves.
Here we go.
Now I will just a quick preference.
This first question was of a question question, but I feel like it's it's fairly universal.
So I included it here in our regular episode.
I've made a habit of designating Saturday as my personal day of rest and self-care.
So the Bible says Bible says Bible says do that.
Bible says treat yourself on the Sabbath.
Well, it's been great, but sometimes I struggle to turn off my power switch robot.
So I still want to robot alert everybody shut down the show.
I still want to look at my emails, look through Twitter for horrible news, do chores and read
watch things that I feel like I'm supposed to read slash watch instead of things I actually
enjoy.
I know some cultures have rituals that mark their day of rest, but I don't want to be
appropriate.
I do, however, want to send my brain the signal that it's OK to be chill for a day.
Suggestions as from tired and jittery in Jersey.
Can you buy a second phone?
That's sort of off-court buddy, a weekend phone, a weekend phone for Saturday and Sunday.
And on this phone, you delete a few essential apps.
The first you want to get off there is Twitter, of course.
And then if you really want to go whole hog, maybe just go ahead and take that off the
old working week phone as well.
Holy shit.
I've just had a million dollar idea.
Maybe a billion dollars.
You could just let Griffin finish his bad idea, apparently.
His non-million dollar idea.
Well, Griffin gave it to me.
Just let yours accrue some interest.
Let me finish my six dollar idea.
OK.
The second app you want to delete off your phone is phone.
Nobody needs to get a hold of you on Saturday.
Nothing important ever happens on Saturday.
And then I, to be honest, I had other stuff, but I feel like the wind's really been taken
out of my sails.
This is my weekend phone.
It doesn't do phone.
It doesn't do Twitter.
And it has all the different kinds of Angry Birds installed right on it.
And they're happy birds because it's weekend.
I even got a legal download of Flappy Bird on here.
My cousin Rick put on it for me.
So thanks, Rick.
So here's my idea.
It's an app for your phone.
That is like Twitter.
But when you go to it, it just generates good news and tells you there's nothing going on
and go back to what you're doing.
And I call it Fritter.
This is, this is, so two things.
One, you think that the valuation of this idea is one million dollars.
Maybe even two million.
The second thing is that you thought it was worth interrupting my six dollar.
Well, because think about it.
So you get the impulse to check Twitter, right?
You go to Fritter and it's just like, yeah, nothing's happening.
So like you get, it's kind of like, you know, the nicotine gum of Twitter.
So you get your fix of going and checking Twitter.
But it's just all good news and like nothing's going on.
And you're like, oh, okay.
And then you can go.
And maybe Fritter also just like you program in times and it just shuts down.
It puts your phone in airplane mode from like a certain time to a certain time.
And you can't unlock it.
Yeah.
I mean, there's lots of ways that we can handle this.
We could just do a version of Twitter that every time you click on a tweet,
interact with a tweet or whatever, a Venga bus starts playing,
but it gets twice as loud with each sort of interaction you have.
And after a while, it'll destroy your home.
It'll destroy the sound waves coming from your phone will blow up your house.
And so you can't, you just will be like, okay, that's enough.
I looked at three tweets and it's already like, I can't, I'm done.
I can't, I'm done.
There's nothing.
Is that the name of that song?
Yes.
I didn't know it had a name.
Yeah.
I just thought it was like one of the old ones.
It's just like a, wait, what?
Like one of the old ones, like Cthulhu.
Okay.
I love how hard you hit that word.
I've been sick.
Yeah.
You got to take care of yourself on the weekends.
I just looked, I've gone five days recording this on Monday.
I've gone five days without tweeting.
God almighty, it feels good.
Hey y'all, hey y'all listen.
I love interacting with y'all on Twitter and I love hearing from everybody.
And I read what you say from time to time.
Everybody delete Twitter from your phone right now.
Stop listening to this and get rid of it.
You will be fine.
Do it on your computer.
You do it on your computer, but you come to Twitter when you're ready for it.
Don't let it be like fucking in you, on you, around you, inside you,
in your lungs, in your brain, fucking 24-7.
That was one of my favorite things about being on the cruise, being on the Joku.
It was like my hand would go to Twitter and it was like the universe,
the cruise was saying, no, I'm not going to let you do this, Travis.
I'm not giving you internet right now.
And I would instead interact with my friends in real life and like my wife
and myself and the world around me.
Gross.
I know.
You would interact with.
I interacted with myself.
All right.
What do you mean?
Sea pervert.
One thing that also will actually help with this,
I don't know if you're into meditation at all,
but that could really help to give you control back over like the impulse.
Like to, it'll make your actions a lot more deliberate, I think.
Even like 10 minutes of focusing on your breathing in and out in a relaxed position,
you're going to be a lot less compulsive, I think,
because a lot of what you're reacting to is like just lizard brain habit
that you do during the week.
So I think try a little bit of meditation to start today
and you may find you have a bit more control over the impulse to do some of this stuff.
And also plug your phone in and walk the hell away from it.
You'll be, the other shocking thing is how frequently like my desire to look at Twitter
is outweighed by my desire to not stand up.
It wins out every single time.
We need to, I feel like maybe recalibrate
because we just did a bunch of really good advice there and not jokes.
And people kind of, and they expect us to be like forward.
Dan Tantoni.
Forward on your phone and then you won't want to touch.
I assume they're still laughing about the Dan Tantoni stuff.
They needed some time to catch their breath.
Here's a Yahoo that was sent in by level 9,000 Yajuru Drew at Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's from an anonymous Yahoo Answers user,
but I'm going to call them Tony Tony Dan Dan asks.
That sounds like a fun nickname for Tony Danza.
Tony Tony Dan Dan asks.
Magic to have a brother or sister.
And this is the first one of these I think I've ever seen
that doesn't have a fucking question mark at the end of it.
And it's freaking me the fuck out.
I thought that was automatically generated.
I do not know how this person has hacked the Yahoo Answers service
to get rid of the question mark,
but it just says magic to have a brother or sister.
Anyway, if you don't believe in magic, move on.
Wow.
How do you, how do you magically, how do you-
I'm still here.
Yep.
How do you magically make your parents have a baby?
What spells can I use?
I see.
Magic to have a brother or a sister.
And you don't want to make a homunculus, of course,
because you could lose your arm, your leg, or your whole other brother.
And that's a, and I'm telling you-
But then you get a big like metal brother and that's fun.
It's not ideal, I'm just saying.
But he's like impervious to damage.
Yeah, but he can't, you know, interact with himself.
Listen, if you're trying to get a brother or sister,
you don't want to just do an even trade by,
you know, sending your other brother through the door.
Truth lasts forever.
That's true.
That's what I know about this.
So be careful.
You can give your, you could gift your parents
an all expenses paid weekend at beaches.
And that is a kind of magic.
It's going to be worked on them in a big, big way.
Once they aren't worrying about buying their own cocktails,
the right sort of music comes on, the rhythm of the waves.
And I think your parents are going to be making love
before you know it.
And maybe use, magically use telekinesis to remove
from their luggage, their Jimmy caps.
Just right before they go out the door,
use that Matilda magic to just abscond with those Jimmy caps.
Hey, how come the kids never give the parents the talk?
You ever think about that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just kid sits down and parent.
Listen, I want to tell you something.
It's going to blow your mind, dude.
Maybe you could also,
how old do you think that this question asker is?
Hmm.
I would rather not sort of,
I need to cover fire of a lot of different possible ages
that I could pretend I was assuming.
If they're young enough,
they could steal a baby and then not be tried as an adult.
So like-
That's not magic.
That is not magic.
That's not magic.
Well, if they did like,
press a vegetation to steal the baby
and did like some like,
look over here, poof.
And then they were gone with the baby.
That's magic.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then what they say to the parents
when they bring home this baby that's not theirs?
I found it in the fairy glen.
Okay.
So that's not gonna fly.
Well, if the parents don't believe in magic,
they can move on.
Are you sure you want a brother or sister?
Listen, I have a five week old.
It's a lot.
Are you sure you want to put that on your parents?
Like they have,
you talk a big game about wanting a magical brother or sister,
but like,
are you gonna put in the hours
to like change the diapers and everything?
Question asker.
I'm not sure that you are.
No, of course not.
That's not magic.
But Justin, don't you like having brothers?
No, I do.
They're very profitable.
My whole career is based on this whole fraternal energy
that we've built here.
And I'm, and if you guys,
if anything happened to you guys,
I don't know how my net worth would ever recover.
That's a weird thing to say if you're deep in debt,
isn't it?
My net worth.
Do you think that musical artists who create doing it songs,
like how does it feel by D'Angelo?
Untitled, how does it feel?
That is a kind of spell to create more brothers and sisters.
Yes, D'Angelo is like a bard.
Music engages like every part of your brain.
It's the closest thing to magic that we have here on this planet.
Yeah, I mean, that song in particular
just grabs me right by the donk, right by the donk.
We always put it in our pre-show playlist
and I'm not positive what we're trying to achieve with it,
always being in there, but.
I mean, it's a slammer and it's a jammer
and there's no denying that.
Yeah, but we bookend it with like,
you know, fun song, fun song, doing it song, fun song, fun.
Like, well, yeah.
Well, yeah, I mean, Justin's into some weird like fucking ska zydeco
that is just a real hog slayer.
So we put that in there right after the how does it feel.
Just remind people they are at a comedy show
and it's not an appropriate place
to magically create a new brother or sister.
But if during that time period, like, what is it?
Untitled is what, four and a half, six minutes long?
It's like six minutes long.
Yeah, six minutes long, yeah.
That's fine.
That's like, you're good.
More than enough time.
I'm deeply uncomfortable.
How about another question?
You got it, baby.
My mom and I often go out to eat together.
I enjoy spending the time with her, except one thing.
My mom insists on bringing her own condiments
and I don't just mean ketchup packets.
Bruh.
As if that would be acceptable.
If we're going to a place like Arby's,
she'll bring Ziploc bags full of her own pickles.
Bruh, why do you want us to dunk on your mom?
Why do you want us to dunk on your mom?
Why have you done this to your mom?
Tomatoes she doesn't like the ones they have.
Oh my God.
And the things like salad dressing, ketchup,
barbecue sauce, et cetera.
She'll often bring sauces from other fast food places
that she likes better.
Bruh.
She also brings baggies full of candy and cookies for dessert.
Oh my God.
Why do you offer your mom up as tribute?
This is-
She says that this is all perfectly normal
and no one in the restaurant will notice her doing this.
It's not they do.
It's not perfectly normal.
She knows that.
Your mom's fucking with you if she thinks it's normal.
Your mom's welcome to do whatever she wants.
She's an accomplished lady and a mom and a hardworking woman.
She knows that this is messed up.
Should I be embarrassed to be seen with this picnic arrangement
or is she right that it's no big deal?
Help!
That's from Condiment Crisis in Tennessee.
There's, oh my God.
There's two parts to this.
One, your mom is a flavor pioneer
and she's on some next level shit and-
Why don't they have pickles at Arby's?
What are you gonna fucking pair roast beef with a pickle?
No.
Because they're so restrained otherwise at Arby's, Griffin?
Yeah, okay.
They have, we have the meat.
We don't have the old vegetables that we got all vinegary and weird.
Okay.
Your mom's on some next level shit.
I will not deny that.
They're like, they're but for the grace of God.
I would absolutely love to bring,
you know, some McDonald's ketchup to the BK
because their ketchup is a fucking joke.
I get it.
That's the first thing.
The second thing though is that this is a social crime.
This is not, this is not how we do things here.
Around these parts, we don't bring pickles to Arby's.
As much as I would love to, we can't.
And we, one person cannot sort of,
that does not represent a groundswell to a social crime.
Groundswell to sort of change the societal norms
under which we have all been crushed.
And the Arby's Corporation has invested a lot of money
in making sure that their dishes taste good
to the highest number of consumers.
Like, where do you get off going behind Arby's back and being like,
I think one thing would be pickles.
Like, no, you don't actually.
But what if Mr. Arby's sees that?
Mr. Arby's sees the pickles and is like, pickles.
Of course.
Oh, it's a nothing you do situation now.
But then it's like this embarrassing thing
because Arby's don't have pickles.
Where Arby's is like calling McDonald's like,
hey guys, this is hard for me,
but like, where the fuck do you get pickles?
Where do you get them pickles?
Where do you even get pickles?
Which, which part of this?
Okay, that's why they won't offer pickles, by the way.
They just don't know.
They take forever.
We try to do it.
We put a bunch of cucumbers in a barrel
and it takes forever.
We don't know what we're doing.
We don't have time for that.
We don't have time for any of this.
Which, which aspect of this is more upsetting?
Bringing something that the restaurant
like Arby's doesn't have
or bringing something they do have
but you like your version better.
So bringing pickles, they don't have pickles,
but bringing tomatoes because your tomatoes are better.
Which one of those?
This is, this is mommy's special horsey sauce.
I can't, I can't decide which one,
if I was an Arby's employee
who took a lot of pride in my work,
which one I would be more upset by.
You would not get the opportunity to see both.
Cause if I see one, either objects we do not have
or objects we do have that you prefer elsewhere,
I would have called the police after the first one.
You know?
Maybe it's that you think
like McDonald's tomatoes taste better on Arby's sandwiches
but Arby's tomatoes taste better on Subway sandwiches
and you're just rotating your tomatoes around.
Get it together, guys.
Teamwork makes the dream work.
Call each other.
You got the wrong tomatoes.
It's a, it's a parent trap situation.
I, I actually find myself the most disturbed
by bringing her, like the idea of being in Arby's
watching someone finish their Big Montana
and then reach into their bag to,
it's like the Arby's waiter comes over like,
we all done here?
And like, can I bring you anything else?
Can I get you anything else?
No, actually it's time for dessert.
And then just extracting a bag of hard candies
and that your mom sits there and eats
in the middle of Arby's.
That's very upsetting to me.
I think, I cannot admit, I cannot admit.
Okay, your mom knows what she's doing
and this may be all to irritate you, which is great.
Very good for me.
Here's the, I also just want to dispel one thing too.
When your mom says that no one will notice,
I've worked many, many jobs in my life.
And after a while, any new, any new information
that comes into the place that you work,
you immediately latch on to,
because it's different than everyday else.
So I guarantee the crinkle of a plastic bag opening,
zip, like they are, they are honing in on that
like a Peregrine Falcon.
That is, that is, that is drawing all of their attention
and they were going to talk about for weeks,
the person who brought pickles into Arby's.
I don't think you should rob culture of your mom.
Like, I think that like if I was seated across the,
I mean, I would never eat inside an Arby's.
I don't understand, I don't understand it.
But if I did eat in Arby's and I saw a woman
using her own condiments in a,
and extracting pickles from a baggie she brought from home,
that would like be all I talked about for the next two days.
And your mom is giving that gift to people every single day.
Like she's just grinding it out
and making other people's lives delightful.
And like, I don't understand why we're always rushing
to sort of sand the rough edges down off of humanity
when it's not hurting anybody.
It's just a delightful thing for everyone to enjoy.
Maybe just enjoy these eccentricities of your mother
because like this is a fun thing
that makes your mom special to you
and not something that like you need to change about her
to make her more bland.
But she's not stealing from the Arby's.
And even if she was,
now she's some kind of, you know, Arby's cat burglar.
And that's also interesting in its own way.
Or maybe just bring like a privacy curtain
that you can put up and then whatever you do,
vis-a-vis pickles and homebrew condiments behind the curtain
is nobody's business but yours, your mom's and God's.
There's gonna come a day when Arby's is out of ketchup
and they don't have any.
And it's gonna be very embarrassing for Arby's
and the people there in Arby's.
And your mom's gonna be like, hey, boo, do not trip.
And she's gonna extract four different catch-ups
for you to enjoy.
And on that day, your mother will be the hero of Arby's.
Now, will she share with other people?
I'm sure she would.
She's a very generous, particular woman.
I'm sure she will share.
But that day, it will all make sense.
That will be your signs.
That will be your swing away, Russ.
This will be why it all makes sense
and why it's all been happening
leading to that exact moment when your mom's the Arby's hero.
I do wanna say, I remember hearing on the news
when KFC ran out of chicken, your mom came in
like some sort of legendary samurai
and came in and was like, let me get some chicken.
They're like, we don't have any chicken.
And she was like, oh, it's fine.
And then she pulled out a big old hefty bag
full of raw chicken meat that she carries with her
because she prefers her raw chicken meat to KFC's.
And that is the story of how she became
the new Colonel Sanders.
Sorry, Reba, it was a short run,
but Greg's mom here needs the hat.
Does Colonel Sanders wear a hat?
We're not even sure.
When it's sunny, a lot of people don't talk about the fact
that Arby's will fry up whatever meat you bring them.
A lot of times after a big day, no questions asked.
A lot of times when I have a big day of fishing,
I'll bring in my catch of the day
and what kind of fish?
What? Delicious rainbow trout.
And then I'll gut it right there on the floor of the Arby's.
I'll lay out some newspapers.
It doesn't do anything, but I wanna look polite.
I'll gut it right there.
I'll slop the carcass onto the counter
and I'll say, fry it up right for me, Curtis.
Because Curtis is my guy at the Howgrier Arby's.
Fry it up right for me, Curtis.
And no questions asked.
He will season it to perfection.
He will scale it to an extent.
You are gonna get some scales because it's still Arby's.
It's just Curtis.
It's just Curtis.
He's doing his best.
He doesn't do this a lot, but then they'll fry it up for you
and make a great seafood dinner for you and your family.
Man, I am thinking Arby's right now.
Yeah, no, I am kind of fucking hungry.
This always happens to me.
Arby's, how about that sponsored episode?
Yeah.
Can you get at us, please?
Come on.
Everybody tweeted Arby's.
I know they're down.
I know they're down to clown.
When the Adventure Zone arc, when the Balance arc ended,
they tweeted about it with a little image they made
of Arby's props dressed up as our characters.
They definitely are down to clown.
They know our style.
Give us some money to talk about Arby's for an hour.
Come on.
Come on.
The problem is we've been giving them
all this free advertisement.
We've got to withhold from it.
You know what?
400 to 500, no Arby's mention unless we see that cheddar.
Fucking lockout.
Shut it down.
Or pay us in a mountain of freebie coupons
that we can give away to listeners at live shows.
I will accept that payment if you just sent us
a mountain of coupons.
Anyway.
No, I would love money, actually.
Money would be great, too.
Half and half, 50-50.
Because I think there is a sort of revenue split
we do with Max Fun.
And if we show up to Jesse's door with a fistful
of Arby's coupons and say, like,
did we do it good this time?
I think he would be very disappointed.
I know, Jesse.
He's going to go fucking hog wild.
Get some motts sticks, some potato cakes.
Some Buford's.
Couple Bufies.
He's going to take his entire beautiful family
to an all-you-can-eat buffet at Arby's of his own creation.
Um, anyway.
Dad's treat.
This one's on the McElroy's.
Everybody get all the beef you can handle.
God bless us, everyone.
Uh, let's go to the Money Zone.
Yes, absolutely.
Hey, I want to tell you about MeUndies.
These are mine.
They're my undies.
But you can have them.
You can have them, too.
They're a great balance of comfortable fit
and exciting prints.
They use a sustainably sourced, naturally soft fiber
that starts with beechwood trees
and ends with amazingly soft fabric.
MeUndies adventurous prints are all limited edition
and new patterns are released every few weeks.
And for any first-time purchasers,
when you purchase MeUndies,
you get 20% off and free shipping.
They are so sure you're going to love their underwear.
They offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee.
If you don't love your first pair, you get a full refund.
To get 20% off your first pair, free shipping,
and a 100% satisfaction guarantee,
go to MeUndies.com slash my brother.
That's MeUndies.com slash my brother.
I also want to tell you,
I want to tell you about Squarespace.
Squarespace.
Okay, here's the thing.
I'm a big fan of Squarespace.
I use it for a lot of different projects
and you've probably heard me talk about that before,
but don't tune me out.
Please, please keep listening
because Squarespace is great.
It's so intuitive, easy to learn, easy to use,
and easy to make a really amazing website
that's going to impress both your friends
and also professional people
who are maybe looking to hire you or pay you for things.
You can publish blogs or other content.
You can sell products and services.
You can announce an upcoming event or special project,
which is something we use it for a lot.
And it has beautiful customizable templates
that help you create,
that are created by world-class designers
and everything is optimized for mobile right out the gate.
So you don't have to do any kind of special arranging
or worry about how it's going to show up on phones.
It's easy.
And they have built-in search engine optimization
and free secure hosting
and the ability to choose from over 200 domain extensions
and customer support waiting for you 24-7 if you need it.
So go to squarespace.com for a free trial.
And when you are ready to launch,
use the offer code, MYBROTHER,
all one word, MYBROTHER,
to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.
That's squarespace.com, promo code, MYBROTHER.
I want to tell you all about Ready Set Comedy.
It gives listeners advice on everyday situations.
Wait a fucking second.
Hmm.
You can find us wherever you listen to podcasts.
I can't stress this enough.
No one else is doing this.
We're very original.
We did not steal this idea.
Listen to our very unique podcast, Ready Set Comedy.
It's one of a kind.
Okay, we may have borrowed it slightly,
but it's still very original.
Well, not the very first,
but we didn't know that when we started.
Fine, we straight up stole the premise from a Bim Bam.
And it says, so very sorry.
So that's Ready Set Comedy who stole our shit.
You can find them wherever podcasts are
and in court with us soon.
So we'll see you all in court.
I have a Jumbotron message.
This one's for Liz Ard and it's from a secret fan.
I'm very nervous now.
Let's read the message.
Thanks to the members of the trash heap
for being a bunch of ridiculous nerds
over the past year and a half.
I hope the future is full of memes, role-playing discussions,
and even more memes until we achieve world domination
in the name of our glorious lizard queen.
Oh no.
Yeah.
I mean, finding out about the glorious lizard queen is rough,
but when anytime an anonymous message shows up on the show,
I get very nervous, but this was pretty benign.
So thank you for that.
This next message is from Joseph
and it's for Tyler and the TSG family.
Shout out to my boy Tyler and all of my TSG family
for introducing me to the brothers through Monster Factory
because they've gotten me through some very tough times.
Also Tyler, you're a freak and I'm gonna eat you.
Probably an inside joke.
But if it's not, get out of there, Tyler.
Tyler, run, run, Tyler, run.
And TSG family, get out of there.
Get out of there.
The whole crew.
Hey guys, this is Adam Conover.
You may know me from my true TV show, Adam Ruins Everything.
Well, guess what?
Now we're doing a podcast version right here on Maximum Fun.
What we do is we take all the interesting, fascinating experts
that we talked to for just a couple of minutes on the show
and we sit with them for an entire podcast.
Really going deep and getting into the fascinating details
of their work.
Find Adam Ruins Everything wherever you get your podcasts
or at MaximumFun.org.
Here's a Yahoo that I got from level9000.
And maybe we don't want to do this one as anonymous user.
I'm gonna call him Rod asks,
on the podcast, my brother, my brother and me,
how do you tell which one is talking?
Oh.
I've listened to many episodes and clips of my Bim Bam
and watched the show and I can still never tell who is talking.
If I'm actively trying, I can distinguish Griffin,
but I have never once known if it is Justin or Travis.
Please, I know fans mind this forum for content.
Is there a hack or a guide or anything?
Well, I think maybe one of the issues people run into is
I also don't know which one of us is talking at any given time.
And that's why I interrupt so much.
Cause sometimes like Justin will be talking
and I'll think that's me talking.
It's just you.
Yeah.
And that's-
I'm not going anywhere.
I shouldn't interrupt myself.
Yeah.
What am I saying?
This is garbage.
This is a bad joke.
Griffin, here's the first thing I'll say,
it doesn't fucking matter who cares.
It really, it really doesn't fucking matter.
It doesn't matter which one of us is talking.
Yeah, this is a widespread problem.
We're very, yeah, we get this all the time.
Like we're very rarely giving in order instructions
on how to like fix your kitchen sink or something
that would necessitate proper order
and you really being clued into who the advice is coming from.
Just like, it doesn't fucking matter.
I do get tweets that's just like,
dude, your whole mango shit,
that was a real funny run, dude.
See, but at least that's on the same show
because I get tweets a lot that are like,
I love you on Sawbones.
And that's not me.
I also don't do Monster Factory or quality control.
That's Justin.
Damn, dude, what do you do?
Someone once tweeted that they don't listen to Schmanners
because they don't like me.
And it's like, well, hold on a second.
Don't listen.
Give it a chance.
I'm not on that shit.
I don't know if we want to do this one.
I would love to hear, no,
I have to hear what people have answered.
Oh, there's no answers.
So that's bad for us.
That's not good for our brand, I would say.
Here's another Yahoo.
This one was sent in by Adrian Cowles.
Thank you, Adrian.
It's Yahoo Answers user Blue who asks,
is there anything you're not allowed to write on a headstone?
Can you say, and then there's four asterisks here,
so I'm gonna assume it says piss
or any other swears on a headstone.
What about any sexual references?
Is it all right if it's only implied?
For example, oh, gross.
For example, least exciting hole I've ever been in.
I'd prefer a real answer because I'm genuinely curious,
but if you have a funny reply,
I'm not gonna rain on your parade, dude.
What can you put on, what can you not put on a headstone?
Cause I've never seen one where you're walking through
and it's just like, you know,
Billups, January 14th, 1930 to 2005.
And then it's like, you know,
Jermichael and then a couple of dates and then you walk
and then there's one that's just like ass.
And that's all it says.
I'm dead.
Oh, fuck.
Can you put whatever name you want on there?
Like, could I just put like Elvis Presley on mine?
Oh, that's really fun.
Right?
And then people will be walking by like,
oh, these are so, huh?
Wait, there's no, there's no way, right?
It could be like that, what's it called?
Lentricular pattern where like,
depending on what angle you're looking at the headstone,
it says different stuff.
So you look at it from the left and it says like, you know,
Elvis Presley, but then from the right side,
it's like, nah, I'm just kidding.
It's Travis.
Nah, just Travis.
But major look.
One thing you want to avoid is timeliness.
Like you often will see headstones with big barcodes on them
and they say like, scan this with your cue cat for free coupons.
It's like, nobody has a cue cat anymore.
And nobody even listening to this podcast knows-
Knows what the fuck you're talking about.
How much do I have to pay to make my headstone a poke stop?
Is that still a thing?
Remember me.
I know how to make the kids remember me
by handing out free potions and poke balls.
When you come and pay your respects,
there's a Lugia boss fight happening
at Travis's final resting place.
Come on teens, gather round.
I dropped a lure at Travis.
He died as he lived.
Surrounded by teens staring at their phones.
That's a good one.
Can you do Calvin pissing on the adjacent headstone?
Oh my god.
It's so good.
Like an eternal flame, but with water or piss.
No, I'm not saying literally spray the headstone.
Not like a fountain.
No, erosion would be a factor at that point.
We don't actually want to erode.
That seems rude.
But it would be less rude as if the cartoon boy Calvin
was pissing on Billups tombstone immediately next door.
And then the Billups family would come and say like,
did you just fucking see this?
Did you fucking see this shit?
They can't do that, right?
Well, there's no law in the books.
So I've bought the plot of land, right?
Maybe I go buy it today.
Can I build a tiny house on it now with just a trap door
in the living room when you start to feel real close?
Yeah.
And then I just drop out the bottom.
And then my tiny house becomes my Ozymandias tombstone.
Look upon my tiny house.
Can I get a vending machine that is constantly restocked
with Snickers bars, and whatchamacallits,
and handicapped's hottest fries, and Takis,
but also just little pamphlets just sort of describing
my sort of adventure?
Those would be a couple better, I'm assuming.
No, they would be 35 cents.
Same price as a bunch of mints, but I
got to cut a profit some way.
Got to restock this thing, don't I?
I'm just saying you're walking through the graveyard.
That's hungry work.
And then you see one, and you don't get a lot out
of the tombstones.
You pretend to.
It's just like, oh, Frederick, long life, probably
in a couple of the big wars.
What a great life.
But really, you're just thinking like,
I wish this tombstone was full of whatchamacallits
and Snickers bars.
I'm here to satisfy.
Forever.
Forever.
That would be a good thing to put on your tombstone.
I'm here to satisfy.
Or maybe it just has treasure with an arrow pointing down.
And a question mark.
So that way it's like, are you sure?
Is it worth it?
Maybe come back when it's dark.
Dig me up.
Get me out of here.
Here is another question.
I went to surprise my friend by going to their house
since I haven't seen them in a while.
But instead of them, I scared their mother half to death
and learned they were out in a movie.
Now I've been sitting in their bedroom for four hours
waiting for them and I think their family thinks I've left.
I'm afraid to suddenly walk downstairs to take my leave
and scare them again as well as make them think
I was just snooping slash loitering
in their child's bedroom.
How do I leave?
Should I suck it up and go downstairs?
Wait till everyone is asleep to leave?
Stay the night and leave when everyone has gone
in the morning?
Help.
That's from Confined in Cleveland.
What have you done?
What have you done to me?
What have you done to me?
Griffin is there now.
Now I'm there.
I'm in the room too because you put me there
by making me hear this and now I'm in the moment
and I'm feeling everything you're feeling
and it's a nightmare.
How could you do this to Griffin?
Why can't we ever get a question that's just like,
why can't we just get a question that's just like,
I went to a candy store and they were having
an everything's free sale and then I'm there
with my mind astral projecting into the listeners experience
and I'm like, candy tape.
Maybe we should just do one episode
that's all people sending in like,
I found myself in a social, like a social situation
and I handled it and it wasn't a problem at all
and you don't need to worry about it.
And then I'm there and I'm role playing
what it would be like to be able to handle
literally any social situation expertly.
I just, I'm confused about the timeline.
Okay.
You got there, the mother was like, ah.
Yeah, were you trying to sneak into the house?
It's div up, ah.
And then you're like, hey, I was here to see Flinchin
and they're like, I'm sorry, div up,
Flinchin's at a film and then were you like,
I'll wait in their bedroom.
Like, I don't understand how you got to the point you're at.
Did you sneak behind the mother
while she was making a sandwich?
Like, I don't understand how you got into this situation.
Okay, because, I'm sorry, divim.
Here's divim, was it?
Here's the problem.
It's divim.
Divim.
Divim and Flinchin.
Divim.
There was a moment where the mother in question
probably awkwardly said something like,
would you like to wait for them?
And what you should have done is said, no.
No, I do not.
Because I have things I could be doing.
No, just tell them I stopped by and tell Flinchin
to give me a call when they're back.
The other thing I need to know about this is,
all right, did you go like down the block
or is this like a grand gesture,
three-hour road trip kind of thing?
Oh, good question.
That is very confusing to me.
I gotta understand what you would say
unless you didn't have anywhere else to go.
Folks, don't surprise people with presents.
Remember what we were just talking about
with social situations?
I don't think it's great.
It's not great for me personally
if anybody on planet Earth showed up out of the blue
and was like, hey, I'm foisting this social situation on you.
You have not in any way girded yourself
or prepared remarks, but now it's happening now.
I was trying to think-
That's not a good zone.
I was trying to think if like,
at first I thought, well, Justin, hold on,
because if like David Tennant or Oscar Isaac showed up
and was like, hey, I'm gonna hang out with you today.
But no, because I would be unusable as a human.
Exactly.
Yes.
Right, you're not prepared.
I wouldn't be prepared for it.
Yeah, no, don't do this.
If ifs and buts were candies and buts,
then this situation would never have happened.
But the problem is that it did,
and they're there, and now what?
Okay.
And now what?
Your only option is to put on Flinchin's clothes,
come downstairs and convince the family
that you are Flinchin.
Talon and Mr. Flinch.
Hey, mother, it was a delightful film.
I really enjoyed it,
but I've been in the loo for the past hour
and now I'm going out for a stroll.
No questions.
No questions.
I'm wearing this hockey mask for hockey.
As you've almost certainly surmised,
I'm playing hockey.
Later.
Mother.
Bye.
This is a new voice I cooked up, mother.
I'm trying something with my personality, mother.
Bye.
I'm going to toss,
I'm tossing on the iced skates with my great friend,
Divim, and then you duck under the table
and take the mask off and some of the clothes off
and you pop back up like, that's right, Flinchim.
We're going to go and show the penguins who's boss.
That's right.
We're playing the Pittsburgh Penguins in hockey.
Maybe you could, okay.
This is good.
Crack open the bedroom door so nobody can see you
and just shout downstairs, mother, it's Flinchim.
I've been enjoying the company of Divim
for quite some time and he is now to retire to his domicile.
You'll see him in a moment.
Don't be frightened.
Be prepared.
Be prepared for his presence.
This is the worst imaginable situation, I think.
It's hard for me to think of worse ones.
Okay, Divim, somewhere around the end of hour one,
you had to start to think a lot.
You had to start to question it, right?
How did you get the four hours?
I don't understand how it went so long.
Did you fall asleep?
Flinchim's got one of those caspers.
Soft, you sink right into it.
Does have the right amount of bounce though,
so maybe I shouldn't say that.
Well, that's the right amount of sink and bounce.
True.
How about another Yahoo?
Sure, yeah.
Yeah, here's one who was sent in.
It's a person and it was sent in by Adrian Cowles.
Thank you, Adrian.
It's from Yahoo Answers user, oh man, Naruto asks,
and the avatar for Naruto is Goku,
so I'm wondering if I should actually read this one at all.
But it's a good question,
but clearly if somebody calls themselves Naruto
and their avatar is Goku,
it makes me assume some things about their personality
and whether or not they actually want to know the answer.
Now, which one is a Goku?
Goku asks, how did the person who invented the clock
know the time?
Oh, shit.
So, back to Ardometrius or whatever,
he's probably some old fuck just like,
all right, I did it.
It's got 12 numbers, little gears going around,
and then when a little number points at one of the 12 numbers,
that lets you know what the hour is.
The bigger sort of arm on this one
will tell you how many minutes it is.
And why didn't we just also include minutes
from 1 to 60 on the clock?
Well, we wanted it to be hard for Griffin to tell
what the time is even when he's 30 years old,
but so here it is, the clock,
and somebody's like, ah, cool, so what time is it?
And then the person was like, well, fuck.
I do not know what the time is.
Can I just make that up?
Because it's feeling like I got that three o'clock feeling.
Shit.
I've got the three o'clock blues.
I think it's around then.
Maybe they just started at like 12
and that's where our whole shit started.
Like, it's actually right now,
whatever time it is when you listen to this, 3 p.m.,
but your clock says whatever time
because this old fuck just like started it at 12.
Do you think he tried to work backwards?
Like, well, let's see.
I'm feeling pretty tired
and I had a five-hour energy drink
like five and a half hours ago
and that was at, actually, there wasn't time then either.
I actually don't know what to say.
This old fuck, this fucking creep
was probably just like, here's the clock.
I just decided it's three o'clock, 12 hours in a day
once it gets back to three o'clock again, it's a new day.
And then they let it run and they were like, hey, bud,
it's like totally different.
It's three o'clock again, totally different outside.
It's like real dark, I'm real sleepy, so what's the deal?
And then this old piece of shit was just like,
yeah, it's three, two, the sequel to three,
you get two of them in each day.
Okay, so you're just having fun with it at this point then.
Yeah, it's the second three, you get two of them.
Yeah, why did we start that back?
Why not just a clock with 24 numbers on it?
What the fuck?
Why are we so cool
that we only have room for 12 numbers on our clock?
Grow up, old fuck.
What the fuck? Yeah, put in 24 numbers.
Like why wouldn't that be easier?
This is, you're not talking about the,
there are most countries do it like that,
but I don't think that,
I don't think their clocks have 24 numbers on it still.
This is what I'm saying, it's like,
why do I have to pay attention to whether it says AM or PM
on my alarm clock slash coffee maker?
Why can't it just be like military time across the board?
It's 1.20 or it's 13.20.
Because there's nothing sexy about like,
my birthday is starting sharp at 17.
Don't miss it.
Why not? I think that's great.
I'm gonna have dinner at 18, you guys be there.
That's less confusing than wondering
if my friend is having dinner at 6 a.m.
What time does your show start?
20.
We are children.
We are fools.
Cause that is probably how they do it.
Come on down to the comedy show, it's at 20 o'clock.
How is that worse than just saying eight?
I can't count above 12.
Cause it sounds ridiculous.
My show's at 20.30.
It starts a little later than you would expect.
Not 20, 20.30.
How did they know what fucking time it was?
It probably was noon.
It probably, they had sundials and shit.
And so when the sundial was like, there's no shadow,
then they're like, okay, this is the middle one.
This is noon.
But the view just went off.
So that, and that's an hour.
It starts at 11.
I know the view, I don't know what time is
cause I just invented it.
I know the view comes on at 11.
So if the view just went off, it's gotta be close to noon.
Let's all just decide.
Let's all just go with noon.
The end of the episode of The View, first one,
like 800 BC, Meredith Vieira is like,
all right, clock man, get ready.
It's gonna be noon.
We're gonna wrap it up.
Three, two, one.
Hi, this is your local news.
We come on after The View.
At noon, apparently.
But top story today, it's noon.
It's wild, dude.
We did it.
Breaking news, it's, oh wait,
I'm getting an update from the booth.
It's now noon-o-one.
Wait, what, we don't say it like that?
Okay, 12-o-one.
Listen to me.
Hey, Victoria, did you hear?
12-o-one.
That doesn't, now I get why the date line,
the international date line starts at The View.
I get it now.
I was always confused as to why they kept that episode
of The View in the archives in Greenwich.
And now I know that that's where they keep
that episode of The View saved.
So if anyone's clock ever gets off,
they can just set it to that episode.
I mean, UTC, the Greenwich Mean Time,
is it starts right at Whoopi's house.
Which is very convenient for Whoopi.
If Whoopi's late to work and The View gets started late,
all time, it's fucked.
The world spins off its axis, yes.
And it's a lot of responsibility, but I trust her.
Hey, Whoopi, stay, please, I made omelets.
Please just stay for breakfast this one morning.
It won't be the end of the world.
It might be.
It might actually be.
It might actually be that.
That explains why that one time when Whoopi was late
and it still started on time,
all of our cartoon friends had to go find her
and bring her back to fight that giant owl.
That's right.
That's exactly how I remember it as well, Travis.
Let's, listen, thank you so much
for listening to this episode.
A lot of the things we said weren't true.
So we'll leave those to you to sort of sort through.
Can you spot them gum shoes?
This is true.
We're doing some shows in the next few months.
And we would love it if you would come
and join us for those.
We're gonna be in Dallas, Houston, St. Louis, Detroit,
Columbus, Phoenix, Orlando, and Atlanta.
And we would love it if you would come join us.
If you go to mackerelshows.com forward slash tours.
Is that right, Travis?
Tours, plural?
Tours. Tours, plural.
Then you can go buy tickets to those.
The Dallas and Houston shows are coming up real soon.
So please go buy tickets for those right now
and ensure your quality seating.
All those shows, no matter what anybody tells you
from now to the end of linear time,
will start at 7pm no matter what.
I also would say some of the shows are sold out.
And I've seen people tweeting about like,
apparently scalpers buy tickets
and then charge an arm and a leg.
There is literally nothing we can do about that.
I wish we could fix it.
That's why we do the pre-sales and stuff
to try to combat that.
And we just, unfortunately there's nothing we can do.
But there's something you can do,
which is buy all the tickets now
so scalpers can't get their grubby hands on them.
And then sell them for a profit.
Then sell them for an arm and a leg.
We want our listeners to profit from scalping.
We have a new merch store also.
If you go to mackleroymerch.com,
you can find our new store.
We partnered up with DFTBA on this one.
Got a bunch and cool new items.
There's a Munch Squad shirt.
There's a Shrimp Heaven Now poster
that is absolutely gorgeous.
And a bunch of other stuff too
that you can find over at mackleroymerch.com.
So go check that out.
If there's an item you don't see on there
that you would love to have,
email request at mackleroymerch.com
and the people who make those sorts of decisions will see it.
So please do that.
I also wanna say I'm going to C2E2 in Chicago,
the conference in Chicago coming up
April 6th through the 8th.
I've got a couple of events going on.
So I'm gonna be doing a couple signings on Friday the 6th
and also on Saturday the 7th.
And I'm doing a show,
An Evening with Travis and Friends with me
and my wife, Teresa and Symphony Sanders
from Welcome to Night Vale.
And I'm trying to wrangle some other people too,
but that's gonna be Friday night at 6.30.
And I'm also doing a podcast panel on Sunday at 4 p.m.
with me, Teresa, Symphony and Adol, Matt Young
and Arnie Niekamp, Adol Raffaei
from Hello from the Magic Tavern.
You can see that whole schedule
and all the times and places and everything
at bit.ly slash Travis, C2E2.
And Teresa and I on April 18th
are going to be doing a live Schmanners
at Moon Tower Comedy Festival in Austin, Texas.
You can see all the details about that
at bit.ly slash Moon Tower Schmanners.
Hey, thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
You can go to MaximumFun.org
and check out all the great podcasts there.
Shows like Stop Podcasting Yourself,
shows like Lady 2 Lady, shows like Switchblade Sisters
and a whole bunch of others all at MaximumFun.org.
If you wanna see our other shows,
go to McElroyShows.com.
And hey, thanks to John Roderick in the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song
into Departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It is extremely good.
You want that final?
Speaking of Max Fun Drive.
Oh, yeah.
Speaking of Max Fun, I should say,
Max Fun Drive is coming up.
It is.
It's going to start April 2nd
and that's gonna coincide with our 400th episode.
Oh, wow.
So yeah, 400th episode and Max Fun Drive kicking off,
runs for just two weeks.
It's gonna be big times, big times everywhere.
We'll be running our best episode, episode 400.
We'll be offering great gifts for new and upgrading members
and you can come out and you can support
shows like My Brother, My Brother and Me,
The Adventure Zone, Sawbones, Wonderful, Schmanners,
Trends Like These, Still Buffering,
all of the McElroy shows you love and support,
all the shows you support and love.
Don't miss it.
It starts April 2nd and we'll be talking more about it
and announcing the different reward levels
and stuff like that.
But just get ready and we'll see you there.
Get pumped.
Here's the final.
It was sent in by the delivery man, Seth Carlson.
Thank you, Seth.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Snakes everywhere, who asks.
What is the Dougie?
And why does my mom want me to teach her how to?
Will I get in trouble if I don't?
Please help.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother and Me.
Kiss your dads.
Square on the lips.
Hey girls, do you want to say, hey I want to?
