The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother, my brother, and me in an advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
And I'm your middle-est brother big dog woof woof Travis woof woof McElroy woof woof
And this is and this is Griffin
I'm sorry guys. Whoa. Are we just gonna pretend like what happened?
Didn't happen. What in what way Griff? What do you mean?
I'd so we really are doing this then pretending like it didn't happen. What are you talking about though folks?
Moments before we started recording Justin Justin said
Justin said to shut up. He said shut up. I was trying to I was complimenting Griffin on a new wallpaper
Wow, I have a new wallpaper and
And Travis was paying me. What was maybe the first compliment. He's ever given anyone uh-huh and
Well, I give compliments, but they're usually like you have a great brother named Travis shut up Travis shut up for a second
Oh, just fuck shit. Travis. Justin was like shut up
hmm, and it's like
It sucked like it sucked it and put us such a steep. Hey Griffin. Can I talk to Justin for just a second?
I don't remember this. Hey Griffin, could you step over there?
I guess so. Thank you. Hey Justin
Yeah
I was ready to team up with Griffin against you because you said shut up to me
But then Griffin just said shut up to me and it's a much fresher. Was that directed at you?
I actually did not get that sense. Yeah, it was directed at me. So if you if I could just step in here
No, hey, shut up. I'll talk you and me. I thought we were saying shut up. I didn't I know
Um, but that one didn't count that one did not count you and me could team up against Griffin if you want
Oh, that's cool. Yeah, I love that. Yeah. Okay. Well, okay. Hey Griffin, you can come back over
Do do do do do do. Oh fuck. Why'd I walk so far away? Hold on guys
Almost there. Okay
Almost there. Whoa, too close
I'll back up and I'm back. What's up guys? Hey, fuck you. No Trav. I don't think so bud. No, that wasn't it
It's not that's actually what you put a little bit too much sauce on it and just if can you actually
Step out. Yeah, I'll step out of the room. No, I'm sorry. I want Travis to step out. I need you Justin. I need you
Yeah, sorry
Just go out on the credenza. You go on the credenza. We'll go on the veranda
Okay, which I actually don't know if a credenza is something you can go. No, it's like a chest or drawers
I'm gonna stand on top of it. All right, you stand on top of that chest of drawers. It's really tall though
I can't hear you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, did you stand on there now do a fucking flip? Okay
Yeah, baby. Oh cool
Yeah, I've been better than our usual thing why don't we never do stunts that's a good Griffin you do is hey
Could you um, oh, you know what? Can you jump from the couch?
To that big box TV we have and on to the recliner. Um, yeah, hold on
Yeah
Yeah
That was the sound of me doing it I like the part where you bounced off the ceiling like nightcrawler
Thanks. And now Justin eat this whole bicycle. I
Don't tire spokes and all baby pedals that whole kitten caboodle. I'd rather not do that. I'm sorry. Okay
Well, you're out. Okay. Is that okay? No, yes, so
paid for a stunt spectacular
Yeah, I did the thing where I ramped my jet ski through the big ring of fire
Griffin fought that shark and now you need to eat this bicycle. You can eat the bicycle. I'll give you a choice Justin
Okay, eat you can eat the bicycle or catch or catch this bullet
Hmm
Catch the bullet how it went with what body part my stomach do you want me to throw it underhand or overhand?
Oh, well if I'm catching it
Overhand yeah, but not too hard Travis. It is still a bullet. Yeah
I actually got so uncomfortable now that we brought bullets into it. Oh, no, it's just like a nerf. Yeah a nerf dart
We're just having fun in the living room. And I don't even know where one gets a bullet. Yeah, right
It's like a bullet store who's even heard of that? I mean clearly there's a bullet store
But do you walk in and do you are you like let me get um?
five
Five bullets. Is that tell me what kind of bullets I don't know
They they love it at the gun store when you walk in you're like, what's a good number of bullets for a beginner?
Yeah, what's a starter bullet? Like I don't want like don't give me a complicated bullet with a bunch of moving parts
Just give me like a bullet that I can plant in the ground and a gun will grow from you know
And what kind of good are you working with son a nor like a normal size?
Mm-hmm normal size gun. It's kind of like gray, but also kind of black
Give me that. Give me the succulent of bullets, please just something real easy
I want to say it's a club from gold night, but that's probably anything
Right, it's gold
It's a golden gun. I cannot think of a store where I would be more out of my element
Oh asking for things then gun store. Oh, yeah, which is good because I don't need to do that, right? Like I have a demonstration plan
What of your guns can best hold a daisy that I'll slip into the barrel. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I love that
I um, I cannot imagine
the the only thing you know when like you
Order a fancy bottle of wine because you're trying to feel like a fancy person and then they pour a little bit in a glass
And you're supposed to smell it and you're like, I don't know what the fuck this is
yeah, I would worry about the moment when I was at a gun store and I said like I'll try that gun please and they
Handed it to me and it would go in my hand and I would think what am I supposed to be checking for like?
Yeah, that's a gun
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, I just throw that for sure
Well, this is this one went this one has been a good intro I think yeah. Yeah. Yeah, man
Oh
What's wrong juice just all this?
What I'm fine, sorry, I couldn't find the email and I found the email
Oh, I didn't want to derail everything cuz it's like there is a limited number of things you guys can do
I just don't know is this you didn't want to derail it
So you mained maybe one of the worst human noises I've ever heard. I was second-guessing the introduction. It's very visual
Oh, you know, I didn't I didn't even think about that for a podcast
recording for cuz you know, we did the live show it was a smashing success and
But it had a lot of visual elements
Maybe gotten the habit of including visual elements
Yeah, you know
We'll just put the video up for it because I you guys have been like recording your video every time we do a podcast, right?
I've been
Recording a screen share your guys's video. Oh
My god, this is so awkward Griffin. I've been recording a screen share of your guys's video. Whoa
Okay, so that explains the sort of Tesseract
Yeah that we created inside of my Windows operating system and why clip and why Clippy died?
Yeah, man. I miss Clippy funeral for a friend. I miss him so much. Remember when planners killed mr
Peanut they could do that for Clippy and there'd be much rejoicing. I think everybody be excited about that
You bring him in. Well, no, they would never bring him back. That's the thing. He died stay dead. I like mr
They learned their lesson with mr
Peanut when they were like and now he's a baby peanut and now he's back to being normal again. It's like oh
Yeah, this is a trick. The whole thing was a trick get this guys. It was advertising
Yeah, we're just pretending the nuts are still the nuts this time. They'll be like Clippy got very
Clippy got sick and he passed away and he will not be a baby this time. Thank you for watching
Because that's not at company how paperclips work if you want you can kind of bend them into a triangle
And if you arrange it correctly, you know kind of pop up when you drop it on the table
And you want to do that with Clippy's corpse and you can pretend like that's a that's his body still alive and moving around
Crankin doing I mean, that's the good news. Even when Clippy dies. He could still effectively work as a paperclip
Yeah, you can still hold paperclips. Yeah, he doesn't die
He just becomes a less sentient paperclip a better paperclip if you want. He doesn't teach you about headers and footers
but
Documents, yeah. Yeah, yeah for sure. I mean not like a staple a staples way better. I think we all agree
This is the worst introduction we've ever done in the 580. I think we can all agree
Anyone who has not already bought into the franchise in a pretty major way at this point has yeah
Well, every 580 episodes you got to reset back to zero and build up again. We're below that
No, well, we've been we've been absolutely crushing the intros lately. I think is the feedback we always get
So I I think that it's nice for us to just remind people that like what the low at low point looks like
The nadir if you will, and I'm not sure if I've ever said that word correctly
Nadir is the good one, right? Well Zenith is the good Zenith is the good one nadir is the worst one
Yeah, agree to disagree
We've done a lot this show several times this week
We did the show several times in the past week because of scheduling conflicts that are let's be honest our own fault
Yeah, and now we have we have arrived at this point where you were hearing this and we're recording it
And that's all that's promised or intended
This is an advice show
Here's my first piece of advice. If you're doing a comedy podcast, especially during a pandemic where you're maybe
Mental state has been not great as a result of the ongoing unpleasantness. Don't try to do three comedy podcasts in or in one week
Yeah, never recover not to mention several other podcasts several other podcasts now
We are sometimes we try to do funny skits
like
Adventure Zone Adventure Zone is like skit after skit after sketch after skit after sketch
I have a friend who loves Godzilla then why don't they marry him?
Yeah, why don't you marry Godzilla?
I found this great video of the fight between Godzilla and King Kong from Godzilla vs. King Kong. Fuck
Yes, sorry from Godzilla vs. Kong. Yeah, let's let's be specific with our words. I need a hero from Shrek 2. Hell, yeah
Oh wait, is that a special version?
Yeah, wait a minute
Do you think that I need a hero as part of the score of the orchestration of Shrek 2? Okay, wait
No, what? Okay
What?
Who wrote All Star?
Smash that mouth. Oh
Yeah, no, okay to be fair, okay in Shrek
It is sung by the fairy godmother character. So it is a different person singing in for Saunders
Yeah, so if you specifically use that version
Then I understand what you're saying. Okay. Okay. I got I am with you now
Oh PS if I could just take a quick shark related diversion. Yeah, I went over to pick up my daughter
You do not have to ask permission. I don't need permission. I went over to pick up my daughter from
Mimi's house and Mimi said
Cooper tell that Cooper's our three-year-old
Mimi said Cooper tell daddy what movie you've been watching today on repeat and she looks me dead in the eyes and goes
some poppy one
Robo be
Ain't that sharp is to be a bushy. Oh
Oh
It's on
Okay, so I was reading the question. Oh, yeah, the problem is this friend has can't say one other thing real quick
Can call whipped a
Scene from Shrek to whips ass. Yeah, but I want to talk about my thing first. That's that movie whips ass
It's so good. These two big boys are awesome
Individually, oh you get them together you put them together and they cannot I thought
Godzilla was a lady cuz Matthew Broderick said she was having babies. That's
non-canonical
non-canonical
the problem is
Can I talk about the Matthew Broderick?
What's up with that Roland Emmerich produced 2000 Godzilla featuring a soundtrack full of absolute bangers smashers
But I just don't understand Godzilla fit in Madison Square Garden
without
Okay, sorry. Okay. Okay, Travis, please. Let's try to focus. Okay, right, right. You got Ben folds five
Yeah doing air. Yeah, if you ever heard that one. Yeah, there's a
fucking there's that great version of
Kashmir ride with me. Oh, yeah
Oh my god, I believe that's Sean puffy combs. Oh, yeah, and obviously the wallflowers are in this one
Yeah, sure. Sure. Sure, you know what I mean?
Man puff daddy's track is good. Yeah, come with me. That was my first exposure to cashmere
And when I heard cashmere, it's like dang you guys were above that in a major way a huge way
All right, so we're okay now and Hank's areas in a what's the wallflowers? It's the hero
It's just a cover of heroes, isn't it?
All right, most of our audience was not alive when this foot came out
so let's go you remember the huge Taco Bell tie-in with that to or the
Chihuahua like talk to Godzilla and like a scene in a commercial
The problem is that this friend has the same name as my no-nonsense landlord
And when I went to send this amazing video to my friend, I accidentally
Yo, hey, thanks for let me live here you ever sees big boys
Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank check out this video. You know that right? You know my landlord Frank Maraschino
Who is somehow I don't know how you know two people named Frank Maraschino
That seems wild to me, but check out these two big boys
And I know what you're thinking. Oh, this is great. Now when I mute the video, that's right
It's I need a hero from Shrek to not the original version of I need a hero
Why yes, it is. I thought you loved this. Can I get a discount on next month?
Next month is free. You showed me this big lizard fight this huge
You live here for free now, you're my you're my child now
You need me I understand the message I want to finish the question. All right. Yeah, that'd be dope
We've been reading it for like 10 minutes. I accidentally sent to my landlord who is on vacation in Greece even better
That's where God is from
310 in the morning
It's been three days and I've only received the read receipt so I know he saw it my question brothers is
What do I do when my landlord comes home and inevitably asked me about this video next time?
I see him that's from needing a hero in Georgia. You just say pretty good, huh? I
Mean okay, I think you just look at straight in the eyes and there's three reactions like so what do you think?
Yeah, put it back in their court and they say pretty cool. Like yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I thought you'd like it pretty bad
Oh, you must not have watched it
Watch it together the time of their lives. Did you watch the whole thing?
Cuz there's twists and turns or I think the most likely thing is very
Grease on vacation for three weeks of one
maybe they don't have maybe they didn't spend the dosh to get like fat pipes and they don't want to
Maybe a series of glossy jpegs that formed together to make a great fight see with the track music
Maybe they don't want to spend their their their gigs their giggle bites to download that
So there's a chance they haven't watched it
But even if they did start booting it up if I see that I'm like listen
This is great, but I really need to be at home to enjoy it. Yeah. Yeah
Oh, I need to get in my comfy slippers
Maybe just respond like respond to your own email and say like hey
It's been three days and you still haven't addressed my concerns double down and and when it's like your concerns like yeah
This is a real issue. I'm facing in my apartment
Yeah, I just wanted to say that the reason I sent this to you and the text got cut off. So sorry, but
You in this video. I said you are Kong and my complaints about
Property or Godzilla and every time you're out there
Crushing my complaints and doing battle against it
You're really keeping me satisfied as a tenant and I'm sorry that that text got cut off because without that context is probably very
It probably completely out of nowhere. Sorry about this hero that Shrek required and I thank you for that
You're not the hero. I deserve but you're the hero I need and I can't remember how that quote goes
But thank you so much. How's Greece?
We don't we never talk about personal stuff have you noticed that hey
I hope you have a good time in Greece. Did you have you found out who put the bop in the bop shabop shabop. Now Justin. That's different. Are you proud of yourself. Here's the thing I am. I am. I'm proud of you too. When I thought when I was saying it I thought this is gonna kill. Yeah.
Oh yeah from downtown. Hoop slams another one. He sounds like another word.
Swish
Nothing, but net with rhymes with yet. Which is what we're not done yet. There's so much more comedy to come folks
I know stick around after these vestiges
fucking careening case
For for an entire other 41 minutes. Well friends we're gonna do it and die trying
so
Can we approach the Wizards?
Yeah, I always say throne the wizard would not sit in a throne wizard would sit at the side of the throne
Well, I think maybe hover
Maybe I see so the king sitting on the throne and everybody approaches the king is like my lord
Oh crops, but the king the whole time is like not listening because he's got this wizard hovering like six feet off the ground
Above him. Yeah, and he's like wizard
You're really up staging me a little like I'm the king and I can see right up your robe
Do you I see your dingus and everything?
It's weird that kings would always have a wizard of the court around cuz yeah me
That's the first person I would try to eliminate. Oh really to challenge my power
What like no, no wizard. Look at Cedric right at in Sophia the first
Yes, the the wizard and Sophia the first spins like half that show trying to steal the amulet available now. Hold on Justin
That's only because he thinks that's what he's supposed to do because his mother is an evil wizard
But his father is a good wizard. I'm saying he turns it around
I know Cedric turns it around but like but he doesn't really want it Justin like that's
Uh, he does want it
That's you're talking about an absolute retcon
They realize when they realize like it's wild to have like an insurgent wizard that lives in Sophia's house and is trying to destroy her
They're like, this is a weird feel for a dizzy. He's a grown-ass adult, right?
Yeah, this is a grown adult trying to steal a necklace from a kid. Maybe we should like rethink anyway
You're about to purchase a wizard. Yeah, we need to hey whenever you guys are done. I'm still here
Um, sure. Okay. So, um, this is Stevie sent this in. Thank you so much Stevie. It's
It's written by wikiHow staff. It's under fun activities
Boredom busters. Oh good. Which I have not clicked into that subcategory, but I imagine is a
Vain of content for this show. So I'm gonna bookmark that real quick
How to eat six saltine crackers in one minute
For a fan of crackers eating six saltines might sound like a simple task. However, the saltine challenge is harder than you might think
Yeah, we've all been there
The rules are that a person must completely finish chewing and swallowing six salted saltine crackers in one minute to help without help from liquids
or lubrication
Hey, why did you have to say both of those? Well, could you put some petroleum jelly on the crackers? I
Guess so help them slide down your gullet
If you want to impress your friends or participate in a saltine challenge contest
You may be able to accomplish the task with a little strategy. So we're gonna talk a
Cracker eating strategy. I don't know how I feel about this game fax on the cracker channel. I like if you win this
Based off of knowledge you learned on wikiHow that doesn't feel I don't know it's sporting. Yes. Yes
That's dirty pool. Yeah, I've got cheat codes here. Here's the first cheat code for this to eat six saltines in one minute challenge and
the first one could also be the first step in
Virtually every wikiHow article and it is simply believe in yourself. Hell, yeah
Watch videos of people successfully eating six saltines in under a minute watching videos. Is that does that sound?
That doesn't sound like a lot of saltines does it?
Uh
We just don't use saltines on hands. Well, hold on. No, no, no
We're standing actually at the mouth of a cave and that cave is there's a sign hanging over it
That says the worst audio in the history of our podcast
And we can we can turn it's a tick tock later Justin. It's a tick tock later
That's a tick tock for Justin the supplementary. I want to do that as it takes hot
I don't want to do that permanently just seems like it's not all I'm just I'm not
I'm not in a mood to eat six saltines
I'm just saying that doesn't sound like a lot like if I was enjoying a nice bowl of chili
Yeah, I wouldn't think twice about housing twice that lubrication
What way the chili?
That's a non-Newtonian like I'm saying and I wish I could just say it and like you guys don't always have to
Fight everything I say you just be like accepting of the state of my feelings
You know, I mean like I just feel like that's not a lot of saltines
Yes, but not Justin. I understand your feelings in your feelings are valid
But what you're saying is you see you don't have to do that
But you are making a bold claim which I am allowed to refute without tonight
You are you are saying there's no bolt. There's nothing bold about me feeling
Folks, this is important. I'm stopping on this because it's a really important point for you to take away in your day-to-day life
There's nothing bold about me feeling like it's not very many saltines. Okay
Well, not in opposition to that, but just solely as an individual
I feel like it is a lot of saltines
Okay, say shit now
Yeah, Justin, you can't how dare you step to travel? No, I'm accepting. I'm allowed to feel the way I feel Justin feel that way. I
Think that I could definitely eat six
Seconds, that's all I'm saying. Oh god. Let me tell you something as a friend and as a brother
I've gone down not at this exact path Justin
But this is the you are now on the second step to doing this challenge yourself
And if you're not careful
You're gonna you started with that doesn't seem like that much and then the second step is I could totally do that
Right. Yeah, you can see how this is a slippery slope J-man. And do you know what?
I love there's a large portion of our audience that has been listening to our show long enough now that they feel this creeping dread. Oh
They will at some point encounter it it is sir
They are so certain that we have crossed the event horizon of Justin eating six crackers on air that
And they they it's it has filled them with a terror that they cannot like define
I will stand I will stand as a as a bulwark against this act happening on this show as hard as I can
Dear listener, please know I'm on your side. I'm less I listen
I love our listeners, obviously, but I'm more worried about my human brother and his human mouth
Consuming eating six crackers in in a minute
Now really break that down every 10 seconds. That's how many oh my god
You are I think I could definitely do it. Oh fuck. That's that's right. I'm not gonna do it on the podcast
We're gonna hear about some of the tips. This is a good. Yes. Thank you
So Justin just so you can start getting ready. I think maybe the best the best version of this is
You get your crackers together and then we edit out the following 60 seconds of audio and just kind of circle back at the on
the other side
with the driest Justin
That has a very arid Justin
Okay, so first off believe in yourself. Go ahead and start doing that right now
Are you doing that? Yeah, but I believe in myself. Correct. Yes, fantastic
Now that you got your head in the right space
It's time to get your crackers in the right space
Which is to say or arrange them in a way that you everybody thinks about like well
How am I gonna get the lubrication and blah blah blah blah blah. Nobody thinks about
finger technique
nobody thinks about
optimal
Like do you stack them? Do you put them in a row? There's no way you wouldn't do them all at once, right?
Well, hold on have water nearby. I can tell from the Foley work that Justin's already got that covered for sure
Yeah, we're moving on to part two and this is a multi-step
this is a layer that you Justin are gonna have to sort of consult with your
physician and Lord about picking picking a chunking strategy and
I'm sorry
Okay, you're saying do I stack three chunk? Um, do I do two chunk two chunk two or you can be one?
I see you
We skip we can now skip the following two steps
Which is try the three two one strategy or try pairing the crackers for consumption eating two two and two
So Justin's already sort of I'm sort of thinking ahead. Yeah, here's what you do
You shove one towards the back of your mouth and then two on either side one on the top one on the bottom
And then another on the front right the cube strategy, right?
You're gonna do that once fun this nice pocket of air right in the middle that you need to breathe
Yeah, you've got to have the air inside of the cracker cube
And that is gonna be the saltiest most flavorful air the saltiest ever ever have the pleasure of breathing in your life
Oh, baby, is it worth it?
I watched a video of a guy breaking the world record
Which what would you guys guess for one number of crackers in one minute? Yeah, never care carcass in one minute ten eight
Fifteen is the world record and what when he finishes he grabs his shoulder in agony. That doesn't seem right
Does he's having a heart attack from all the goddamn salt?
Why would that hurt your shoulder?
There's a first he does his head
Oh, there's so much we don't know about human physiology that like somebody eats 15
Very salty crackers and it makes her shoulder hurt and doctors are like, I don't know
It seems like that
My favorite part of inner space is Lynn Dennis Clade is going down the trachea and he's like, oh no
I took a wrong turn and I'm in the shoulder
Okay, so the creator is watching his creations from above like well certainly they're not gonna eat more than
Right because there's some we have not tested in front of work. Hey God God before you put humans out
We didn't notice a defect but the good news it will only trigger only this rare bug
It's not even worth patching out which I guess that is a form of patching it out
Yeah, this man dies from his shoulder shoulder his cracker base shoulder injury. I'll put something in the Bible about it. Don't worry. It'll be okay
Exodus 15 one
Don't do more than
Don't do more than 14 crackers in one minute. Why does it say that? That's like right there in the middle of the whole Passover story
Okay, so you can try eating all six crackers at once also that is and that is another seems like that
Say that to me that one smells like that stinks of failure
Yeah
That I feel that feels like a knee-jerk like first-timer mistake like let's get them all out of the way. I'm like, no
No, I mean, I don't know. Oh
Ooh, here's a cheat code. Oh, oh, oh, okay. Hey, hey, hey everybody lean in
Bet your friends that you can do this, right? We're gonna hustle. We're gonna make some money out of this
It's a grift but before this ever starts 24 hours before you're gonna set up like seven humidifiers in this room
You're gonna get that air so wicked moist
Right. Oh
So moist environment. Oh, yeah, you do this in the fucking rainforest cafe, which I assume is very moist. Why do you think that's a moist building?
Cuz it's called the rainforest cafe Griffin think they keep it arid
I mean you can do it in the rainforest
But you're gonna lose a lot of money that you're gonna win just on travel alone and getting a guide and supplies and stuff
It's expensive to go to this way too expensive to go to the rainforest these days. Yeah
So the next thing that you need to know about is practice before the challenge which Justin you can skip that step
You're gonna be fine. You've had crackers before right? You've eaten crackers. I've done plenty of cracker practice
Okay, or crack this as we call it. No one
Did call it that. Oh, so you're not in. Okay. I thought I just thought you were in, you know, the circle this next one's dope
Keep your cool
If you get over excited or nervous you may breathe in the crumbs and you're rushed to stuff the crackers in your mouth and you
Won't be able to finish in time. Yeah, avoid shoving the crackers in your mouth as you could jab the back of your throat or poke
Your gums. Hey pain is weakness leaving the body two rules. Don't huff don't stuff
Don't huff or stuff. Thank you Travis again
Great great advice from the cracker King himself
This is where the truth comes out Justin. I'm sorry. I fought you earlier, but I was in the circuit back in the day
And I thought you're gonna say the circus. I was in the circus
That'd be and they fed us in crackers. Come see the incredible cracker eating boy. Not again, please
I just want to go to college eat more crackers. This is all you'll ever be good for
Why did I ever get this magic feather?
So he's like wandering by they're like so Darlene what was three times
348 and tribes like 1200. It's like he's amazing. He knows the answer to math. He can do math
I told you cracker boy can't be taught
No, believe me
I'm gonna find some way to distribute the image that accompany the keep your cool tip because it's just a boy giving like a
What this is a tattoo
Whereas the boy the boy is holding some five crackers which drives me up
It's a good image, yeah
Yeah, sure and the last the last tip is to just go for it so just go for everything you need
Well, oh the reason he's holding five crackers is what is already in his mouth. Oh, I see I see
I see so fucking chill. You can't even tell he's very relaxed some community Q&A real quick
How dry will my mouth be when I finish?
Extremely, you know, can I impress someone by eating six saltine crackers in a minute?
Maybe depends on the person on the person more than anything really? Yeah
Why are saltine crackers made to soak saliva and be dry? That's a fucked up way of thinking about
yeah, I think saltine crackers are made to be crunchy and
delicious little
Couture malt for a chili. I don't think of them as mouth mouth towels
Well, they are they're sorry. Yeah, I mean you're gonna use them in soup and chili. They're absorbent
They're absorbent, but I don't think of them as that. I don't slight them for that. Like that's a feature not a bug
Oh, absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Like you wouldn't be like, oh man, this ShamWow picked up all my water. You'd be excited
exactly
So juice you ready? Yep. Okay. Oh
You want me to actually do this or we can make pretend like a minute has passed and you did it
Well, can you guys wait 30 seconds? See if I have saltines? Yep, I guess so
How are you Griffin me? Yeah
Pretty good. Okay. Awesome, man
Well, I didn't have me saltines. Fuck. All right. I got two I got two Ritz got two Ritz
Okay, here's what we'll do. Yeah, we'll subdivide juice you eat those two Ritz in of in eight seconds
Ready set go. Well, I can hear you eating it right now. He didn't even get it. They weren't for the oh
They weren't so wait, hold on. Wait juice. You only have one Ritz now
Juice you gotta eat one Ritz in three seconds. I
Just tell me when you're ready. Tell me when you're ready. This is gonna be fucking funny. Tell me when you're ready
Okay, three two one go
1003 did you finish? Ah
So not so easy is it not so easy is it eating six saltines no, but I did it in less than ten seconds
You know that they don't have corners go to Wendy's
Why would you there's other places to get saltines Justin they sell go to Dollar General right now
Why are you getting crackers in weird places?
Why are you getting mad dollar general is close that that was just close and that's good
If you don't want to pay full price for you know, I'm sorry Justin
I think you need to get the name brand so that we can like make this a repeatable. It's name brand. It's just like
The expiration dates are all smudged a little bit. Oh, so there's even drier
Intellectual case for or not or they could be wetter. I don't know how yeah
That's true. What they're so absorbent. This is Justin sequel to cool hand Luke
Luke was like I can eat a thousand eggs in five seconds
You can't do this cool hand Luke no no no time you guys no no stop. What are you doing?
I'm right. I missed I skipped breakfast this morning. I'm wicked hungry. I can eat 1000 eggs in four seconds
Oh, it's like it's like hyperbole. We're like, you know, get me
Where are we supposed to get a thousand eggs? We're in prison
Okay, this is gonna give us eggs you think that we go into the prison kitchen and say give us a thousand eggs
They will be like, yep, seems fine. Nothing weird here. Come on
This isn't for like an escape attempt thing. Is it no my man cool hand Luke is gonna eat a thousand in four seconds
Three seconds, holy shit, that's less than you started. This is right. This is where I had care for the baby
They're filming the movie cool cool
Hey Luke, and then everyone's just kind of standing around on a break and Paul Newman goes the director. He's like, hmm
You know how you said you were looking for that kind of like cornerstone scene, you know
You want um, I thought one scene for the boot now Paul
Are you gonna suggest eating much eggs again?
Okay, all right, I'm listening I'm listening it's a lot of eggs
Like wait, no, no, no
It's like a bet
It's like a bet they have to dare me to do it. Yeah Paul you eat 50 eggs every morning
No one dares you do it. It's like I think it'd be cool to put in the movie people want to see this
It'd be a cool scene to put in a movie is we eating 50 eggs. No one's ever done it
We haven't introduced the idea that your character especially likes it and it doesn't come back in the script
Well, it doesn't come back. It's not like later though
There's a wall made of eggs and only one man can eat them out of the prison, right?
Though hey, it's not too late for that director Paul. It's part of the traditional hero's journey
You leave your home you grow you eat a thousand eggs in two seconds
Mm-hmm, and then you come back home and everything's different and you're a man
We did we go to the money zone because it feels like this is the money zone
This week's episode is brought to you by the egg council. Okay?
Let's go to the second money zone
No, we can't it's weird down there. Okay. Well, it can't be any weirder than it is out here already
All right, okay stop let's go to the money's in
And like Griffin doesn't like jokes anymore
So this week my brother my brother me is sponsored by Squarespace Santa with a beautiful website from Squarespace. Hey, do you like eggs?
Do you think you could eat a bunch of eggs on video and then have people pay to watch those videos?
You could build that website on Squarespace. You could showcase your work egg related or not
You could sell products and services of all kinds
Maybe somebody has too many eggs and they're looking for somebody to come eat them. So they're not wasted
Well, you could sell that service on Squarespace
You can promote your physical or online business as long as it's egg related and more
No, it doesn't. Oh, sorry. It says here in the copy does not have to be egg related. Sorry. Excuse me
beautiful customizable templates created by world-class designers everything optimized right out of the box and
Analytics that help you grow in real time free and secure hosting nothing to patch or upgrade ever
So go to squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial
And when you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother on one word to save 10% of your first purchase of a website
Or domain Squarespace eat those eggs, baby
I'd like to take a second to talk to you about Bombas. They're my favorite socks. Okay, TM. Were you addressing me?
What if you're it? No, I'm addressing the audience. Oh, okay, cuz you said TM and I thought you meant Travis McElroy
I love to work out and make
Get cut and stuff. But yeah, this sometimes your socks can get in the way. They'd be distracting. They could be itchy
They could restrain you so it could be brown. They could be blue. They could be violet. You know, let's go
this
You don't have to settle for that. That's why bombas performance socks are built to be nothing but comfortable and supportive
Bombas performance socks are stitched with special
Moisture wicking yarn and temperature regulating vents that allow cool air flow in and prevent overheat
These is science. These are like the you know, how does an entry had that shaving cam full of dinosaur?
Just yeah, it's like yeah of socks, right? These are
Dinosaurs, I don't know that they're gonna love that juice
Go to bombas.com slash my brother today and get 20% off your first order if they remade Jurassic Park
Dennis Nedry would have bombas to put the dinosaur eggs in that's bombas now is a dinosaur eggs
There's a dinosaur juice just its choice change
Griffin was worried. We wouldn't get our duckets. So I was trying to mix it up a little bit. That's BOMB
No, I think you got it. Yeah. No, I think that was definitely what the doctor ordered
Slash my brother for 20% off bombas.com slash my brother
Never let your dino jizz go bad again. Hey, do you guys want to record another episode of this show immediately after we finish this one?
Let me look in there there's gonna be one more
This is this is this is our version of the salty challenge
Because they're saying they're saying people who are like doing three podcasts in a week shouldn't be that hard like you're right
You're not wrong
But they haven't seen they have the equivalent of some petroleum jelly on on their podcast. Yeah, exactly
Hey, excuse me everybody
I just wanted to say a few words about the beautiful couple I've known you two for a long
time and
you get along like peanut butter and chocolate or you know, like like comedy and culture like
maximum fun podcasts
Actually, they're having a block party from October 11th to October 22nd
And that's kind of like your party, right you have a community of friends and family and max fun has a community of shows
And audiences that support them you're having a new start with your life together and max fun
We'll be putting out new episodes that are especially welcoming to new audiences
So it's a great time to introduce your friends to your favorite show or jump into one. You haven't tried before
And they're setting up a volunteer event where we can help out our local communities
Plus maximum fun is gonna have games prizes episode wrecks so much other fun stuff. What's wrong Kyle? Is he okay? Oh
Anyways, anyways, sorry for getting carried away there if it's alright with everybody here
Let's all raise our glasses for a toast
To the max fun block party, which you can learn more about at maximum fun org slash block party
And don't forget to join in on October 11th
Actually, that that sounds pretty cool
She's she got something to share with the class
No, I don't have anything to share with the class. Justin, what is it? Justin? Okay, I found this video. Oh my god, I did it.
Doing the doing the egg thing? Doing the challenge, right?
Wait, the saltine challenge or the egg challenge? No, the egg thing. Oh boy. The egg thing. Hold on just one second
I'm just gonna play a little audio for you. Oh fuck no, fuck no. This is after okay
It's eight minutes and 40 seconds in and this guy's just done
Done the deed, okay
If you've never seen cool hand Luke because you're not a 45 year old person. It's a eats eats 50 eggs
That's not I think that good context. Thank you. Thank you
This is from Gunny's food and art room by the way, shout out which is the and which is this?
50 hard-boiled eggs. No, no, is this food or art? Both. Okay, fantastic. Alright. Oh my god. I didn't think 50 hard-boiled eggs was gonna be that bad. I mean I knew it was gonna be bad. The density of them compared to just making a scrambled egg is a big difference. Daddy, look. Ah, cool.
I'm sorry. Yeah, he did it in front of his two kids. Did he say there's a big difference between eating a scrambled egg and eating 50 hard-boiled eggs? The density, Travis. The density of the hard-boiled egg, yeah. This video has 757 views. It's about to have a bunch more, I bet. Yeah, shout out.
It's really funny that he would do that with his kids there. What a great way of spending time with their kiddos. You would too, though, Justin, let's be honest. Oh, absolutely, yeah.
Cool. I want to munch. Squad. I want to munch. Squad. Welcome to Munch Squad. It's a podcast within a podcast. Profiling the latest and greatest in brand eating.
This is more of a regular public service announcement. This isn't so much for comedy, but I do want to alert everybody that the McRib will return to US menus on November 1st. Okay, hold on. Let me put it in the calendar. One second. How long has it been?
I don't know. The last time there was a bunch of pork meat sitting on the shelves and Uncle McDonald had to get it out to the people. Yeah. It's been a long time. I mean, it's been a while, right? The pandemic hurt everyone equally.
Yeah. The McRib, a lot of people don't like to talk about it, so I will. Thank you, Justin. You're so brave. Yeah, it's really brave of me to say that. Do you all realize that they shape it to look like it's got bones? Yeah, definitely. And then you eat the bones? You think about that? Yeah. Yeah, I guess so.
Apoyo Loco is going to bring back a crunchy taco in honor of National Taco Day. That's good of them. In honor of National Taco Day, Apoyo Loco, the nation's leading fire grilled chicken restaurant chain, is bringing back its popular crunchy taco as its first ever digital-only menu item. Wait, what?
Available for purchase through the Apoyo Loco app and website. So that's right. If you go into Apoyo Loco and you say, hi, I'm a regular sane person and I would like a crunchy chicken taco here, they would say, you need to leave. Please go. You should leave. And get on your phone and order it through the app.
While you stare at them.
You can look at us in here and we do have them in here, but you cannot order them there.
You cannot use our Wi-Fi. You cannot use our Wi-Fi.
Our customers have been very vocal on social media about how much they love and miss our crunchy taco.
You know what? Apoyo Loco, I haven't double checked that, but I will. I'm just the sort of person that has the amount of free time requisite to double check that. And you know that I will. And they're bringing it back.
We're thrilled to be bringing back this much loved classic just in time for National Taco Day. And we're excited to continue our digital evolution.
That's right. Apoyo Loco is becoming a sentient cyber restaurant with this rollout as the very first Apoyo Loco menu item that can only be purchased online or through the app.
You cannot go to Apoyo Loco and order this.
That is, listen, I know that I have a theater degree. I make podcasts. I'm not a business boy. I know this.
But what is the business strategy here that says like we make it less available?
I don't understand the strategy.
But it's the exact same thing that they've been doing with like, it's the same thing as the McRib. It makes it seem scarce and exciting.
But it's not scarce. Like the McRib is like, don't miss your chance to get this.
This is like saying like, oh, I came in to get it. I didn't want to miss my chance. Well, it's not here. It's in your phone.
You gotta cyber it.
You gotta cyber order it.
So I searched Twitter for mentions of Apoyo Loco and to see what people are saying about it. Like they're being like really demanding about it.
Marianne says, Carlinch, Carlinch, do you hear that sound? Apoyo Loco is the glorious crunchy taco noise.
Hashtag bring back crunchy tacos. That's from September 14th.
Okay.
June 21st.
Apoyo Loco, bring back my damn crunchy taco, please.
That was a wide, so there's just those two people then that want this?
January 3rd.
That's a pretty big span.
We've heard you. We've heard you.
Whoa, whoa, stop yelling.
Shut up everyone. We get it.
We get it.
Bring back your crunchy chicken tacos already, please. I want to give you all my money again.
Hi, police. I'd like to follow a harassment report.
People will not stop about these tacos. And it's like, I'm just trying to live my life.
Before that, it was one in December and November and September.
And that's...
Yep.
July.
July 22. There have been eight tweets about this in the past 18 months.
No one cares.
No one gives a shit.
People care a lot.
What we should do is tweet at Apoyo Loco and ask them, please don't bring back the crunchy chicken taco.
Ask them to bring back the McPizza.
Okay.
That's what outrage looks like.
Say, hey Apoyo Loco, McDonald's isn't doing anything with it.
Can you bring back the McPizza?
Can you bring back the McPizza?
Will you please invent an incredibly soft taco?
So soft.
A non-Newtonian taco.
That's my second time using that phrase this episode.
Good job, Travis.
Do we want to do one more question?
I'd love that.
I recently got promoted at work and I'm starting to work as a cheese monger.
Which is very exciting because I love cheese.
Better than the alternative.
There's only two things you can really monger.
Cheese and beer.
Yeah.
It's true.
I had an old cowbell on a shelf in the cheese department known as Cheesetown.
And old cheese mongers used to ring it when they managed to cut a perfect increment of cheese for a customer.
I remember that.
Half pound, fourth pound.
I love this.
That's so good.
I love it.
I used to do that shit at TCBY.
Did you?
Yeah.
If we could get a perfect seven-ouncer on a small or I forget the exact sizes, but there wasn't a bell, but I would treat myself to just a fistful of-
A small?
A small was nearly a half pound of yogurt?
Yeah, I guess so.
Damn, Griff.
The country's most generous yogurt were like-
Yeah.
Hey, you know I didn't set that.
I wasn't making TCBY policy decisions, juicer.
I'm just saying that TCBY is now a nail salon and maybe there's something to that.
Maybe they were a little too generous.
They're a bourbon through the profits.
Wait, Griffin.
Griffin, you haven't been doing seven ounces at a small, have you?
Nobody really uses it anymore, but I want to bring it back so I can ring the cheese bell.
Sorry, so I can ring the cheese bell.
How do I smoothly bring it back?
That's from Haley.
You can't smoothly bring back a bell practice.
You just do it.
You do it, and it's loud.
Everyone, if you're listening to this, stop it.
I'm going to make this a year theme soon if we can shoehorn it in.
Stop waiting for permission.
No one ever got permission to do something interesting.
Just do it.
Well, that's not, I would say, a catch-all tagline.
No, obviously not, but like, okay, let me rephrase that in a way that's more of a blanket statement.
No one will ask you to innovate.
How's that?
No one will request you.
No one's going to ask you to innovate.
If they thought of it, they would have done it.
You've got the bell.
Look in your hand.
There's a bell ringer.
That is so in line with what I was going to say, which my advice is, ring it, right?
And then someone says, what are you doing?
Just don't, no couching, just say, that's what you do when you cut a perfect increment.
Not, I thought we could start doing this, or that's what they used to do.
Just statement of fact.
This is what's done.
This is what you do, right?
This is how it's done.
And maybe they've worked there longer than you, or they're new.
It doesn't matter.
If you make it a statement of fact, this is what you do when you do this.
We've always done this.
Then they will be like, oh, I didn't know that.
That's the only response to that kind of confidence.
Yeah, it was just, okay, listen, the alternative is you just got a bell.
Why do we have a bell here, Todd?
If we're not supposed to be ringing it when we cut a perfect increment.
I will say, along these same lines, one time I was at a Trader Joseph's,
and there's a bell there hanging next to the checkout.
And I mistakenly believe that one rings that bell when it's like,
hey, I got good service and I want everyone to know.
And it is not.
You what?
You ring the bell when you need help with a checkout
or when they need some people working there.
I did not know that.
I thought it was like that.
You thought it was for customers to be like,
great job, Trader Joe's, ring a ding, ding, ding.
Yeah.
Now, Griffin, you think that's wild because you know the truth, right?
Right.
But if you didn't know that it was for employees to use,
and there's a bell hanging there within arm's reach of the general public.
Yeah.
Wouldn't you think like, this must be for me because this can't be the system
they use to contact one another in the year 2021.
Right. They're not sailors on an old ship.
This is what I'm saying.
This can't be the most effective means.
When I've been in other grocery stores where they can get on a microphone
and say, hey, Todd, come help me bag.
Yeah.
Right?
So the bell must be there for fun.
For my enjoyment.
This is what I'm saying.
The bell can't be there for, oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't realize this is a work bell.
Yeah.
Business bell.
Yeah.
Good point, Trav.
Thank you.
I just don't want tweets.
I bet that momentum's back.
Oh, hell yeah, man.
Fuck yeah.
With carnage and shit.
Yeah.
With carnage.
I hope Spider-Man's in this one.
Why did we go there?
I just wanted to mention, I don't think we'll get a chance to do a watch for it
because I didn't get a chance to do a watch with the first one.
I guess it is pretty cool that he's back.
Yeah.
I just think it's cool that Venom's back.
And I saw in the trailer this time, speaking of eggs, there's Venom making breakfast.
That's great.
Venom makes breakfast in this one?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's a mass murderer, but he makes a fun breakfast.
Cool.
So that's our show.
Thank you all so much for listening to it.
We talked a lot about Venom and eggs today.
We always tell people when they ask, where should I start with My Brother, My Brother,
and Me?
And after this, I've always said, just start with the newest one.
And after recording this episode, I have two new answers.
The first one is, maybe don't.
The second one is, just pick one other than this one.
Have you checked out 579 or 581?
Those are two really good ones.
I'm going to need a great place to start.
Hey, speaking of great things, big exciting news.
November 5th, remember, remember, 9 PM Eastern time, we're doing a live and virtual Adventure
Zone show.
Whoa.
It's going to be the third installment in Adventure Zone Hootenanny, which we have done
before with Lasers and Feelings, created by John Harper.
So that is an absolute blast.
If you haven't checked those shows out before, don't you worry.
We're going to do a little like previously on, so you can come to it brand new.
It's not the richest narrative tapestry.
It'll probably be okay.
You're not going to be too far behind.
It's a futuristic country band in space.
Don't you worry about it.
Tickets are just $10.
You can get those at bit.ly slash Taz virtual.
And video on demand will be available for two weeks after the show, if you can't make
it to November 5th at 9 PM Eastern time, but go get those tickets now.
I know what you're wondering.
Will it be important for you to be very familiar with the first two in order to enjoy the third
one?
And let me say as somebody who's going to be recording the third one, I certainly hope
not.
Thanks.
Did you thank Montaigne?
No.
You want to do it this time?
No, I'd rather you did.
Hey, thanks to Montaigne for the use of our theme song, My Life.
Because that's the way it's done.
Better with you.
It's a great track with a fun video and a great catchy beat and a rhythm that you can
really bop your booty to.
So that felt just awful saying that.
Oh, also, wait, hold on.
We got new merch.
We got a new month started.
We got Adventure Zone notebooks, Candlelight's wrapping paper.
We got a new pin of the month.
It is Hellraven, a.k.a. secret identity, Del Craven from, I believe, Just Us?
The Adventure Zone live shows?
Yes, just us.
Yes.
And that benefits-
It's looking incredibly intense in feathered garb.
The proceeds from that benefit the National Latina Institute for Reproductive Justice,
which builds Latina and Latinx power to fight for the fundamental human right to reproductive
health, dignity, and justice.
So make sure you check those out.
Also, in case you missed the news, Adventure Zone is now weekly, which is very exciting.
If you are a fan of the Great British Bake Off, mine and Teresa's Bake Off watch-along
show, Bake On, is back and available in Podcatchers.
And yeah, that's it.
That's it.
Hey, here's the final Yahoo.
This one was sent in by the Tumblin Mold Man.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, this one was sent in by the Tumblin Mold Man.
Haven't heard from him in a while.
Yeah, he's like a cool dude who is like really yucky, but in like a cool, transgressive way.
Yeah.
Got it.
Like he comes to town and you might be uncomfortable at first, but then when the zombies attack
or whatever, you're glad he's there.
You're glad that you can find the yucky mold man.
Because at first you think maybe he's causing the sickness because he's the yucky mold man,
right?
But no, no, no.
He just knows how to stop it.
And that's how he got that name.
Yeah.
And it's asked by the prince, the current prince, one of the princes.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
One of the two princes.
Yeah.
Who asks...
Come on.
What's it say, Griffin?
Just say it.
Just read it.
The prince asks...
Are you nervous?
I don't think I'm going to actually be able to get one out this time.
Is that what the prince said?
Yeah.
The prince says...
The prince said I don't actually think I'll be able to get one out this time?
The prince says...
Wait, wait, wait.
What category is that in, Griffin?
Okay.
To be clear, Griffin McElroy, a brother, is not saying that he can't get one out this
time.
Griffin found this funny Yahoo answers request where someone...
Where the prince...
You know what I mean?
The prince said...
The prince asks, would you be mad if I couldn't get one out this time?
And I do need to know the category that was listed under Griffin.
That was listed under fun and games, subcategory religion.
This was recorded on International Podcast Day.
No.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, me.
Happy International Podcast Day.
Kiss your dad's grown lips.
Kiss your dad's grown lips.
