The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say, hey I wanna, just say, hey I wanna.
Whatever happened, nope, nope, whatever, nope, to the nope, nope,
no, you miss your old familiar friends, waiting just around the bend, step by step, family matters,
it's what matters with your family, family matters, well there must be some magic Jews behind these
temple walls. We've talked about that right? Now we do the dance of joy.
Hi everybody, welcome to our Fuller House special. Fullest house. Fullest house. We're
gonna be recapping every episode of the show as we enjoy it. And we're gonna smoke a million
cigarettes while we do it apparently. Yeah, Justin ate a bunch of lit cigars. I'm your
DJ Tanner, Justin McElroy. I'm your Stephanie Tanner, Travis McElroy. I'm your sweet baby
brother, Griffin McElroy. I do wanna say that- Hey, can you fucking like just get-
Okay, I'm gonna- You know what, we're gonna do it again and we're gonna pretend like Griffin
listens to the show when we record it. I'm your DJ Tanner, Justin McElroy. I'm Stephanie's
cleavage, Travis McElroy. No, I'm not gonna follow that because that's fucking gross. I'm
your Stephanie Tanner, Travis McElroy. And I'm Lil Richie from Family Matters.
And Michelle, like Michelle. I don't wanna do that because she's not apparently still
a friend of the fam. She's in the extended universe now. Fuller House, let's get some
quick reactions. Travis, what was the best- I watched the first 15 minutes of the first
episode. So just to give some context of how much I'm able to speak on it, go. Okay, it's
27 minutes long, so I really just couldn't stick in there. It's when Steve reentered
the world that I had to step away. Oh no, that's he's the best part, so you're a fool.
I'm gonna go ahead and say Uncle Jesse when he sang Forever. Griffin used dig and just
fucking disappeared from the room. I burrowed through our nice new hardwood floors and I
disappeared from the room. There was a moment in which Stephanie picks up DJ's baby and
makes a comment about her breasts that I had to walk away from the computer on which I
was walking and be like, I don't know what this is, but I'm very upset. I don't like
what's going on. If I could just make a humble suggestion to you two, hang in there. Because
um, later on, okay, in literally like the third episode, um, Stephanie is running the
veterinary clinic that DJ runs and she gets herself sprayed by a skunk and her children,
DJ's children, get sprayed by skunks too. There's a shot where DJ walks in, opens the
door to a room where Stephanie is taking a naked bath in tomato juice with DJ's baby
and her nephew is in another cistern full of tomato juice because it gets the skunk smell
out and they're just two cisterns full of tomato juice and there is no, no physical
way that her six year old nephew did not see her naked. It just couldn't happen.
Here's what I love. What this, it reminds me a lot of Girl Meets World, which was the
Boy Meets World spinoff many decades later. Or Fuller Boys. Fuller Boys was the original
name of that show. Fuller Boys. Or Family Anti-Matters, which is where the negative
versions of all of them, that's where the Stephane Kael came from. I'm parallaxer Kael.
Yeah, like that, it reminds me a lot of those spinoffs. I mean like, I just really, you
guys should hang in there. There's a scene later in the season where DJ's son Max, his
dad died fighting fires and he lied to his classmates about his ability to get a fire
truck to show up at a kid's birthday party. So Danny Tanner decides to try to right this
wrong. There's a scene in Fuller House where a fire chief doesn't let the, a fire truck
attend the birthday party of a little boy whose dad died fighting fires because Danny
Tanner didn't let the fire chief sing on local television 28 years ago. Like, just hang in
there. Is that canon though? Is there an episode of Full House in which there's a fire chief
who wants to sing on Wake Up in San Francisco and Danny's like, fuck you, this will never
come back to bite me in the ass. And then they were planting that seed. That would be,
okay, Travis, that would literally be like incredible if Fuller House is about them like
reaping what they had sown. Like the count of, in the all too tidy storytelling of the first
eight seasons of Full House. That would be the most incredible show. I just, all I care
about is Steve's whole fucking style of literally walking into a house being like, yo, I know
your husband just got all burnt up. That's a bummer. But whenever you're ready, I'm ready
to hit that. By the way, let me get some, let me get some pudding. And I don't mean that
sexually. I'm not talking about that widow pudding, unless that is what you call the
snack packs that you got in the refrigerator. But I will take both. There's a moment in which
a gentleman describes Kim and Gibbler as being just amazing at sex. That's her husband, Travis.
Well, her estranged husband. I'm just saying that the picture of Kim and Gibbler just dominating
in the bedroom made me laugh so hard. Makes perfect sense. Yeah. We got that locked in.
I'm just saying I get it. When I think about Kim and Gibbler, I think raw, pure animal sexuality.
Okay. By the way-
I'm just saying that I think Kim and Gibbler is sex. Is sex. Like when I think sex, I'm just-
I feel like you guys don't get it.
Aphroditic spiritual manifestation of sex.
You know those like the statue goddesses that represent fertility and sex? That's
Kim and Gibbler to me. And not in a weird way, not in a weird way, but in a very pure-
You're saying if you ended up in the Gibbler shed,
you would not complain about what happens in there.
Yeah. That's basically it. Thank you for summing that up so clearly.
The Gibbler shed is like there's a hole in the back of it that she then crawls through
and then walks 20 feet and then, hey, tannerinos. Kimmy, what's that fucking smell? Don't worry
about the smell. Hey, it's impolite to ask about the Gibbler smell. Oh, gross. Don't put your feet
up on the table. Oh, if you only fucking knew. Where do these feet have been?
If you only fucking knew. I turned two men into basically house slippers.
You wouldn't believe what goes on in the Gibbler shed.
Gibble gobble. I gotta go.
We got cisterns full of tomato juice in there.
An important update. When DJ walked in on her naked sister with her kids and a cistern
of tomato juice, DJ's response was, oh my lanta. And she has said, oh my lanta an average of eight
times per episode. Her little son, Max, his hot catchphrase. And I'm going to start working this
in the art show because that's how this stuff becomes memetic. I'm not going to tell you what
it is. I'm just going to work it in at some point. Excellent. And you tell me if you feel like we've
come up against it, okay? Okay. Does that sound like a deal? Yeah. So everybody is just like on
the lookout. Now, should we identify it or should it be like the listeners right in and the first
person to identify it? I think if you guys are just seeing Quad City DJs, there it is. When you
think that you've heard it, then I think that'll be perfect. You got it. Hey, let's do some advice.
Yeah. Hell yeah. Is that it? Before we start, can we talk about- Wait, is that the catchphrase?
What did you think of CRJ's intro, Griff? I don't love it. I didn't want to talk about it on the
show because I didn't want to betray my girl. It's not her fault. Obviously, I don't think she
arranged the fucking thing, but just the verses are just a mess. She is the greatest pop performer in
the world right now. And those choruses show exactly what she's capable of bringing to the
table. And then the verses are just her singing over that fucking skanky blues riff from the
original. Like, squank, squa-ding-a-ding-dink. Hey, sing for me. Squink-a-dink-a-dunk. No,
that's not her shit. Don't make her do not her shit. Just let her do the whole thing.
Let her star in it. I wanted to talk about real quick, the Max Fun Drive's coming up. We're all
very, very excited for the Max Fun Drive. We're going to talk more about it. It's a fun time of
year. We have fun stuff planned. We're doing for our bonus episode for donors. Can we talk about
it? Because it's, fellas, it's bananas. We're doing My Brother, My Brother, Me's Second Chances,
where we go back to questions from the first 10 episodes of the show and we try them again,
just to see if our advice game has gotten any better. At least our audio game has. Our audio
game definitely has. Hey gang, I don't know if you've gone back and... First of all, if you're
a listener and not a creator of the show, don't go back and listen to those episodes because we
used to be... I'm going to go ahead and call us man ghouls. We used to do questions and we would
spend literally a minute and 15 seconds on each one. Yeah. The Yahoo questions used to be the least
interesting question. It used to be like, this question comes from Yahoo. I had a bad date.
And I was like, wait, that was what we chose for Yahoo answers back then? Yeah. Man, it's a... Wow.
A different show. Anyway, the next one drives coming up soon. We'll talk more about it later.
Great. Are you feeling up to this, Justin? Because you do sound like you ate a bottle.
You sound like Ursula stole your voice. And you're just through sheer force of will,
just trying to get it back. You're kind of making the sounds even though Ursula stole your voice,
just by slapping your face and moving your lips up and down. You sound like how Fuller House makes
me feel. All right. Well, does somebody else want to read? No, I want you to do it. It's your fucking,
it's your job. Yeah. I mean, it is my job. Okay. But now you're just luxuriating in it.
I'm luxuriating you in it, actually. Oh, good. Me now and me editing me,
future edit Griffin, who man, he is a big fan of Justin. Yeah. Really? Do you like that?
Yeah. He likes all the sniffs and the secret chewing that you do.
I want to make one last note about Fuller House. It made me laugh the hardest of anything. Todd
Vanderwerf, who works for Vox.com, the same company as us, but he said, Fuller House made
me feel like I was an empty burlap sack shaped like a man and I was full of bugs and the bugs
move me around. He made him feel like Oogie Boogie. Basically, yes. Here we go, babies.
Listen, I recently met a lovely girl and we hit it off. Now you do sound like Oogie Boogie.
She seems to be attracted to me and I definitely have a thing for her as well.
But things get a little difficult sometimes because she's 19 and I am 24. How do I go about
wooing a younger lady as from an older man, the oldest superhero? Now, Griffin, when you go back
and edit that, I want you to change the pitch of that up 50%. No, I love it. I love it because
first of all, there is no better question for him to exercise that particular voice for.
For me to put a little soul in your bowl. Yeah. Well, soul is one way of putting it. I would put
it like it sounds like your vocal cords are just two big hands just slapping together and I can
hear each individual slap of them. Tell that. It sounds like the eruption of a volcano is
asking this question. Tell that to all the confused young ladies and dudes out there who
just got a little moist. Oh, no. How is a dude- If only your throat was a little moist. I mean,
I know I talk about how often I flood my basement, but physiologically, what is that?
He peed his pants. All the confused young gentlemen whose Justin's voice made him
pee his pants. Yeah. I mean, fuck, we have to talk about this at some point throughout the show,
but the older you get, age is not a thing. When there's a one as the first digit,
that time gap is harder than say if there was a two in the first digit.
Well, what it is, Griffin, is it's not a problem of age really. There's two other bigger factors,
and that is one, if she is still in college and you are out, you are existing in two different
worlds. Two, it's also a question of amount of responsibility you've had to face and the amount
of maturity you have to actively use on a day to day basis. That's not to say that there aren't
super mature 19 year olds, but it's a muscle. I don't know if you guys are being willfully
obtuse here, but the problem is not the gap. The problem is 19 because it's not 21 and 24
is above 21. Where do you take them? One of you can party. What are you doing? Do you want to
meet my friends? Where are they at? Well, let's see. It's a night, so they're at a bar right now.
They're at a bar. Unless this is super special and you're investing and this is like, I can't do shit
with you now, but you're awesome and I love you and I really care about you. In two years, we'll
be able to hang out with everybody and it's worth it, but that's such a big investment. A time,
especially if this person is like studying and going to class and doing stuff, their time is not
their own. Don't screw up their future. Counter unless. Is this unprecedented? I don't think you
can unless and unless. Combo breaker. Reless. What if it's love? Wait, that was mine though.
Hold on. That was my unless. You can't reless my unless when I literally. You didn't say it. You
weren't explicit enough, Travis. So this is like a super less. Yeah. I've underlessed you. Hey,
I got a Yahoo and this one here is from Zoe Kinski climbing that ladder. Thank you, Zoe.
Did you guys know that on the Mabim Bam Wiki, there is a fucking scoreboard of people who've
gotten Yahoo's on the show? Well, that helps us determine. Is the Mabim Bam Wiki still a
going concern? Yeah, it's popping off. Nice. I used it to get our second chances questions.
Anyway, thank you, Zoe. It's by Yahoo Answers user Karasu, who asks, if I am talking on the
phone in my underwear, can people tell by my voice that I am in my underwear? I would say
if it sounds like Justin sounds right now, yes. Yeah, 100%. Justin, you just got that underwear
voice right now. What will it sound like if you're in your underwear? How will it sound different?
I think it sounds okay. Does it sound relaxed or does it sound like someone who hopes you don't
notice they're just in their underwear? I've had dreams where I've been in my underwear in public
and I don't remember feeling super chill about it. Yeah. Can we try and experiment real quick?
Okay. Yeah. Okay. Hey, everybody, this is Griffin McElroy. Thank you for listening to
My Brother, My Brother and Me. It's a comedy advice podcast that I do with my two brothers,
Justin and Travis. Hey, everybody. This is Griffin McElroy from My Brother,
My Brother and Me, a podcast I do with my brothers.
So I think it sounded basically like exactly the same to me.
Was the first one in underwear and the second one was in clothes?
They're both clothes. So that's what you've just said is a synonym.
Oh, I thought that that was like one of those trick questions where it's like a taste test,
but they're both Pepsi and you hadn't actually changed anything at all except the tone of your
voice. Did you just say one of those trick questions where they're both Pepsi?
You know. You know when they do a taste test. They're like jokes on you. Which one do you
like better? The one on the right is Pepsi, but they tasted very... No, no, no. You got it. You
won. You won. You won. In the commercial. Shut the company. Stop filming. In the commercial.
You know. Because we couldn't stomach giving you any brand. We just want to give you delicious
Pepsi. Wouldn't that be a great taste test if it's just like which Pepsi tastes better?
Well, that one's very old and we poured it five hours ago and it's very warm.
That's a barrel aged Pepsi. That's midday sun aged Pepsi.
Do you guys ever think about just your physical state of being when you're
talking on the phone with somebody? Because I actually do feel very self-conscious right now.
Um, my main thing is I don't get, I try not to get too physically comfortable because I
don't want to be on the phone for a second longer than I have to. So I'm probably like
pacing around like, uh, is this still happening? Am I still on the phone? It will, they have,
my body language is saying this, like, are they going to hang up soon? Can I just hang up and
pretend I lost service? If you get a phone call from somebody then,
would you put pants on? Cause I know like sort of your usual state doesn't involve
the wearing of trousers. Um, I, no, I don't. I would leave the room
because it drives me fucking crazy to be on the phone with people, with other people in the room
or vice versa. There's something that, can I say something? Cause I used to just, I've been doing
this for a couple of minutes now, uh, and now it's, it is starting to get kind of exciting.
Being in your underpants? Yeah.
Talking to your two brothers? Yeah.
Is it exciting to talk to your brothers in your underwear?
In your underpants? No, no, no. You don't understand. And it's not sexual.
Clearly. I hope I don't understand.
It's not a sexual thing. It's not gibbler. You're not gibblering.
No, no, no, no. God, no. God, I would need, I don't have the harness, but I'm saying that,
and by harness, I mean just full body. It's like a saran, it's like a sexual saran, right?
Um, uh, yeah, like, yeah, it's, it's weird. What does this mean?
Do you feel free? Griffin, let me ask you this. Do you feel free? Do you feel good?
Do you feel, is it like the thrill is what's making you feel alive?
No, it's like, it's like challenging.
Like how long will you do it?
Yeah. I'm probably actually going to go ahead and slap those shorts back on.
Let's go ahead and get those shorts back on.
Let's get those shorts back on, but let's understand that there's still shorts. You know
what I mean? Like what's up with America's hangups?
Holy chalupas.
What?
Wait, whoomp, there it is.
Yeah, Trev's got it first.
Yeah.
What? What? No.
Hey, Griffin, hear it one more time. Holy chalupas.
What is that? Wait, what is chalupas replacing there?
Dog shit.
I, you're on Netflix. What? They should have made it fucking hard R.
NC17 Fuller House would have been so, just to hear a little eight-year-old be like,
holy shit. What the fuck? Why are we in fucking vats of-
What if they called the show fucker house?
Um, there's a scene where-
Oh my God.
Okay.
No, please.
There's, the best joke in Fuller House is that Stephanie Tanner became a DJ named DJ,
and called herself DJ Tanner. It's a really fucking good joke.
It's actually pretty solid.
It's like a solid, it's like really funny. And there's a scene where she's playing Coachella
because DJ Unbreakable broke his arm. And she gets a video call from her nephew Max,
who's nervous about playing a school concert. And to, to help his nerves, she fucking flips
the switch on her iPhone and live streams him playing Old MacDonald Had a Farm.
To the Coachella audience?
On his trombone.
And that's supposed to make him feel less nervous?
Well, the idea is like, you just played Coachella, right? But like,
like he's playing Old MacDonald Had a Farm on his trombone. And when he finishes,
the reaction he gets is nothing.
The audience is fucking deadpan. Like, are you serious? Is this the new sound? Are we old now?
Like that's what being old is when you go to Coachella and everything sounds like
eight year olds playing trombones. Like, oh gosh, I guess I don't get the sound anymore.
Yeah. Kendrick, uh, he's got a tight opener. He's, uh, he's called Trombone Boy
and he's sick as fuck. What's his set? Like, what's he do? Well, you know,
Chill Wave? Yeah. It's nothing like that. It's a horn with like a slidey bit on it.
Can I read another question?
Hey, can we just fucking cancel this episode and just release like the audio from a 28 minute
episode of Fuller House?
That'll be the second half. That's after the money's done. It's just going to be all Fuller
House.
Yeah. I would like to do something like that just to see like what happens.
Like what is, what happens?
How litigious are their lawyers?
Like what? No, but here's what I'm asking. What happens? Like if we make the second half
of an episode, not a second half, I would just want to pin it to the end of a full length
episode, right? Cause I don't want people to get cheated. But like what happens?
What happens to-
And we just put all the audio from a Fuller House episode at the end of our episode.
What happens?
If we edit in fart sounds, is that fair use? Is that how fair use works?
You know, yeah. Cause that would be a criticism.
Okay.
Yeah.
I've just figured out fair use.
I mean, how, how it's, it's all about, it's all about economies of scale, right? Cause
Justin, you, you said you've already, we've already stepped, put our foot into the ocean
by saying Holy Chalupas and Oh My Lanta and talking about Kimmy Gibbler's Sex Dungeon
and Gibbler Sex Rap, which is now a product you can buy on Extreme Restraints.
There's a whole Gibbler line of, of, you can get a Gibbler, Gibbler Sex Rap.
You can get Gibbler, the Gibbler Harness. You can get the Gibbler Gobbler, which is a-
You can get, um, Nipple Gibblers.
You can get, um, a Gildo.
Uh-huh.
That's actually, I think, a monster from Zelda. Anyway, um-
That's the one that eats your shield, right?
Yeah. And this thing, this product will also eat your shield, if you know what I'm talking about.
I don't.
Yeah, please explain that to me.
What would your shield relate to in a sexual manner? Like, the condom?
Yes. It's a, it's a female condom that eats and negates both. It's a bad product. It's a bad
product. You shouldn't use the, the Gildo.
Don't use the Gildo. They're being recalled.
Uh, because it'll also take your rupees away. I forgot what I was talking about.
I'm going to read a question.
Please.
It's my birthday.
Cool!
Yeah, nice. Some people at the office put up a small banner and a couple of signs at my desk.
I appreciate this.
What are the, what are the signs? It is your birthday.
Birthday here.
Have it.
What?
I appreciate this and thank everyone for the well wishes. Problem is, I'm a pretty neat person. I
feel like I enjoyed the decorations enough and want to take them down. How long do I have to leave
these up? Can I take them down at lunch or is it an all day affair? Tidy and Tulsa. That was a way
shorter timeframe than I thought you were going to say.
Oh boy. Howdy. I get it. This is an office. We're doing business here.
I'm trying to keep my-
Nice, nice. Thanks for these. And then you immediately start pulling them down.
I'm trying to keep my fucking job, but I can't, I can't reach the hole puncher.
Cause you put a sign up over it that said-
Holy chalupa, it's your birthday.
Holy chalupa, it's your birthday.
I get it. I get it. I don't want that shit around. I mean, I work at home and I mean,
you guys have forgotten the past few birthdays I've had, which is fine. Like whatever.
So like I, I would, I would absolutely tear that shit down.
But when Griffin, but when, not if, when.
Yeah. You can't do it as they're like, like show like, and like, Oh great. Trash, trash, trash.
Thank you. This is so thoughtful. Trash can, trash can, trash can.
I'm going to, I'm no, no, no, no. I'm not undecorating. I just want to
save all of them. So I'm going to put them here in my memory bin.
Cut the middleman out. Just show him a trash can full of decorations. Say,
Hey, we're going to put these up. And then we didn't. So we kind of saved you the work.
Here's what you have to do. You have to wait until everyone leaves at the end of the day.
Like you're the last person there. And then you take them all down.
And then when you come back in the morning, walk in and scream, who took down all my decorations
and get really upset about it. So you can prove to them how much you cared about it.
All right, cool. But you realize this is an annual event. And so like,
you realize people have birthdays every year. Well, so then the next year you have to loudly
announce, I'm going to keep an eye on these. So nobody takes them down this time.
And then when they come in, you fall asleep at your desk, still dressed in the clothes you
were from last night and all the decorations are down and you're like, Oh no, not again.
Greg Bacchitis Academy.
Maybe you print out a bunch of signs and banners that say thanks for the birthday stuff.
And you put that, but that's like twice as much. And you put them all up over everybody's stuff.
Like while they're working, like while they're like doing a webcam meeting,
you like paste a big sign over it that says thanks for being so thoughtful.
And you put like six of them up there with like rubber cement. And it's like, Oh, I just,
I just was just returning the favor, but maybe think about like how your actions have consequences.
Also, we just raised our office supply expenses by 5% because of these fucking signs,
but no, great, whatever.
Office supplies. People give a lot of static to dot matrix printers, but one thing that you can
say about them is that they did make it a lot easier to print out sick banners.
They were just inherent banner makers.
They were just like way better doing like sick fucking sick banners.
Now, what am I going to do now?
Staple it together, tape it together like some kind of monster.
Yeah. Yeah.
It's like, no, but like, those were like the banners and like,
it's all about whether or not you took the dots off or not.
That's how much you like the person.
It's like, if you didn't care about it, if it was just Glenn's birthday,
then you leave the dots on.
But for Stephanie's birthday, yeah, take them off.
And you might throw some clipboard on there.
Maybe like throw a birthday cake on there.
I'm, I have a better idea.
And what if in addition to the happy birthday well wishes,
you also printed on these banners and birthday signs,
and fucking practical, useful business information.
And then all of a sudden,
these aren't just like little pieces of useless, messy decoration.
You got a fucking Excel spreadsheet on there,
showing you the dividends from today's profits.
And then on another one-
Wait, how did you do that?
You looked into the future?
Well, yesterday-
You gotta do the dividends from yesterday's profits.
This is my, this is, you've gotten ahead of me,
but this is my remake of early edition.
And it's called, it's called birthday business future, man.
Maybe on TBS.
But on the banner,
it could have like everybody's schedules for the day.
You know what I mean?
Practical, useful information.
Then maybe you won't feel like this is a mess.
Bless this mess.
It'd be like, this is a good, this is a useful mess.
I got a pretty good scam.
Why don't you, when you finally encounter these decorations,
just start like sneezing and rubbing your eyes.
And like, oh great, thanks guys.
And act like you're allergic.
To what?
To what?
To decorations?
To decorations.
And then when you pull them down, it's like, yeah.
And you make such like a big deal about it
that like when you finally do tear it down,
they're relieved.
Like, oh fuck, thank you God.
But in order to continue selling it,
like if they put up like fucking Christmas decorations,
when you walk into the office,
you just have to be like, hey guys,
I was like, I'm gonna have to take the leak.
Just start fucking convulsing.
Like get the tree out of here.
Maybe it's just birthday decorations you're allergic to.
Okay.
That's specific.
It is a little specific.
Here's, let me be even more specific, Travis.
Let's go to the money zone.
We mentioned MeUndies earlier, what is that?
Do I have to do it?
My throat hurts.
Oh, I'll do it.
Okay, Griffin, what is, why is MeUndies?
Let me tell you what MeUndies is.
Please.
They are, you know, clouds in the sky?
Yeah.
Yeah, and how they look all puffy and comfortable
and you just think like, God, I wish I was a giant man
who could like clothe myself in those.
Definitely.
Or a giant woman.
Yep.
You know-
You got me so far now.
Imagine a giant woman.
Uh-huh.
Or a giant person.
Can we just say giant person?
Well, no, I'm a giant woman that is wearing clouds.
But then she reaches down and picks me up and swallows me.
Is she Kimmy Gibbler?
I've gotta go.
Okay, well, I'm gonna tell you about MeUndies.
No, I'm gonna tell you about MeUndies
because here's what's up.
They are soft as clouds and twice as good looking,
but they don't produce as much moisture, eh?
See, I had a point to all this.
They are, whether you're wearing a suit or sweats,
you spend 24 hours a day in your underwear.
Sometimes you wear them only when you're podcasting.
Maybe you still are, despite the fact that you told your brothers
you were gonna put pants back on.
Maybe you sewed them to your chair
so you just had to slip into them every time you sit down to work.
That's great.
Maybe they're part of the chair.
MeUndies is the most comfortable way to wear underwear.
They're made of a sustainably sourced modal,
which is a fabric.
Am I saying it right?
They even pronounce a fucking pronunciation key here,
but I'm having trouble reading the key.
Motol!
They're made of a sustainably sourced modoc,
the killer human and living being,
a fabric that is twice as soft as cotton.
Nothing can describe the fit and feel of MeUndies,
but MeUndies is dedicated to providing the world's most comfortable underwear.
I love them.
I have like almost a dozen pairs now.
I wear them all the time.
They're soft as hell.
They feel super good.
You can get free shipping in the US and Canada
and save up to $8 a pair with the MeUndies subscription plan.
Imagine the excitement.
Go in your mailbox, you open it up,
and you got fucking sexy, comfortable underwear in there.
You put them on, you feel like a strong, confident man or woman.
You feel like a strong, confident person.
I love it.
You can get a subscription or a single pair,
and you get 20% off your first order
if you go to MeUndies.com slash my brother.
That's all one word.
My brother for 20% off your first order.
MeUndies.com slash my brother.
Go to it.
You'll get them.
Gird your genitals with the best.
With cloud fabric.
I also want to tell you about NatureBox.
Then we've talked about NatureBox before,
but maybe you haven't tried it.
If so, I'm sorry.
Have we actually talked about NatureBox before?
I think we might be the first podcast to ever mention NatureBox.
Because I know we've talked about Crunchums2Go,
which was the other platform.
Crunchums2Go is that old shit, Griffin.
Okay.
Well, tell me about-
It's 2016.
Tell me about this hip new competitor.
Well, NatureBox is new on the scene,
but basically how it works is you get a box of snacks,
and you get to choose from over 100 tasty options
like sriracha roasted cashews and French toast granola,
or you can fill out your snack profile
and then get like surprise things based on your preferences.
I just got some-
This actually sounds like yum yum fun pouches.
No, yum yum fun pouches is full of MSG and arsenic.
And MGS.
And MGS.
It's full of Metal Gear Solid discs.
It's all broken up.
I hate it.
But NatureBox, it's full of good stuff that you'll like.
Right, okay.
Yeah, like I don't want to oversell it,
but it's full of good stuff that you'll like.
Like what?
Tell me what kind of snacks I can get.
Well, I just got some mini Belgium waffles.
I got some guacamole bites.
What are those?
Guacamole bites, they were like corn chip,
but like guacamole flavored and amazing.
Threw some in a tomato soup.
It was incredible.
Yeah, that's what's great about them
is because they're not full of all of that bad stuff
that's bad for you,
you can eat them and still feel good about yourself.
Guaranteed no broken up PlayStation discs
in these pouches.
That's the NatureBox guarantee.
And they're constantly coming up with new recipes
and new snacks to try.
So you're never going to get bored.
So go to naturebox.com right now.
Like why are you even waiting, you dumbo?
Go right now and unbox a world of taste and possibility.
Salt and pepper lentil loops.
Yeah, incredible.
They're the best.
They're my favorite.
Like if you like good things.
I really like their holy chalupas
and it's just a full fucking chalupa
that they send it to you in a bag.
But you eat and it cures you of all your sins.
No, it's literally been sanctified
and they just send it to you
in a big old plastic grocery bag.
It's a papal chalupa.
Just a big garbage bag full of chalupas.
Just a loose chalupa.
A big garbage bag full of loose chalupas.
These are all yesterday's chalupas that didn't sell.
That's actually the other subscription service
yesterday's chalupas,
which we don't do that one anymore for obvious reasons
because they stopped paying us.
We also have a message for Sean from Jess.
Happy belated birthday, my dearest fella.
I wanted to do something unique this year
as a thank you for being such a loving
and supportive boyfriend.
So I thought getting the brothers,
especially your fave one.
Oh, Griff, okay.
To wish you a good one.
Eat my butt.
Hey Travis, hey Justin, eat my butt.
Crotch chop, crotch.
I'm doing the crotch chop.
I knew you couldn't hear it.
Well, let me try it.
Hey, hey, stop, wait, shut up.
Wait, stop.
Tell me if you can hear me doing a crotch chop.
Could you tell what that was?
No.
I think it sounded like a crotch chop to me.
Here's to many more together.
Love you so much.
Yeah.
Sorry you had to listen to me do it.
You're golden child Griffin.
Good, yeah.
I'm gonna go, I'm gonna slay my beer.
Yeah.
This next message is very confusing.
Yeah, I don't know, this is our dad, right?
No, I think this is a different person.
It's from, it's for Poppy and CJ McElroy.
And it's from Cliff and Caitlin McElroy.
Hold the fucking phone.
I know.
Is this an AR, is this an ARG?
What the fuck?
It's an ARG, we're being activated.
It says, happy second birthday you cool former babies.
Your second year has been an adventure,
just like your first and still,
everyone who meets you falls in love.
You learned to walk and talk,
conquered your third continent,
and moved around the world.
Not too shabby for just one year.
Here's to another great year kiddos.
We love you.
What?
Is this for babies or is this all like coded language?
It's one of the two.
Do they let their, okay.
One, are your babies listening?
Two, do you know that's our last name?
Where do you think you're going?
Three, is this your backdoor pitch for babies year out,
the sequel to babies day out?
Three, our dad is a grandfather
and one of his granddaughters calls him Poppy.
So this is like even more confusing.
Also Poppy is not strikingly a child's name
unless it's Poppy like the flower
instead of Poppy like the nickname.
I think that's what we're dealing with here.
And Travis, just so I'm clear,
child's names.
So basically the idea what this is,
and this is my new idea,
is that you have a child's name
and then maybe when he gets older you get a different one.
Well, have you ever been like my two names to grandpa?
He's two years old.
Please kickstart my new deal.
It's two names for everybody.
Yeah, you do that where you're like you're Benny
and then you're Bernard when you're an adult,
but then you're Benny again when you're an old man.
No, that's close by to Travis.
I'm saying like, I didn't pick this fucking name.
I didn't pick this fucking name.
And I have to go through life with this fucking name?
Like obviously you can change your name, whatever.
I'm saying it should be like custom.
Well, not mandatory, but like customary.
You know what I mean?
At what age are you responding?
Cause it's not like 10.
If it was 10, everybody wouldn't be named like Thunder.
Oh, let's do it at 20.
Cause 20 is like a nothing birthday.
Nothing happens at 20.
You're just like waiting for that sweet, sweet,
you know, booze taste to come in a year.
I think at 20 you get to pick your own name
and then you have something to look forward to.
But then again, actually you're a what?
A junior in college at that point.
That might not be the time to be making
a permanent decision like that.
Why don't zero to two, it's just a number, okay?
Well, can I actually zero to two?
Well, it should be a word describing your baby form.
So something like precious.
How about like your baby form plus the day you were born.
So like the day of the week.
Sweet pea, October 3rd.
Yeah.
Okay.
So you got that.
And then at two, you get to pick a funny name
cause I think that would be really funny to like,
like my daughter would be named
like happy snowman from frozen McElroy.
Like that would be her or like probably mommy McElroy.
If I finally had to let her pick.
That would get confusing though.
That would be very confusing.
Yes.
You say mommy and then Sydney comes in and you're like,
no, sorry, I meant the other mommy.
The other mommy.
Yeah.
No, I'm sorry, I was singing along with the song.
Hey mommy.
And you, I can understand how this is confusing.
But if we, if we let her name herself now
by the things she's obsessed with today,
she would either name herself Pikachu videos
or things I bought at Sheets
cause that's where she's at right now.
She's a big fan of things I bought at Sheets, huh?
Yeah.
It's a confusing time in her life.
She down with that Pikachu though.
She knows what's up.
She does love videos of adults in Pikachu costumes.
That's not what I thought it would be.
No, that's not where the zeitgeist began.
Sydney said she loves videos.
She, she keeps harping on the fact that she loves videos
of adults wearing Pikachu costumes in public.
That is it.
I said, sweetheart, you keep highlighting the fact
that they're adults in Pikachu costumes
as if it would be in any way humane
or even possible to put children into Pikachu costumes
and not expect them to get like horrid heatstroke
or like blackout instantly.
That is a poor way to onboard somebody
to this beloved franchise though, Justin.
You're just gonna confuse her
cause she's not learning the fucking essentials.
She's not learning that this thing evolves from Pichu
and when you use the Thunderstone turns into Raichu
but hold up on that cause Pikachu learns better moves.
You know what I mean?
Like you start with the, I mean, ideally you start with the games
and then you move on to the anime
cause even the anime has some,
let's just say loose interpretations of the game mechanics.
And also some pretty adult themes.
Also some adult themes.
Her favorite video that Sydney showed her
is the like climactic scene from Pokemon, the Pokemon movie.
Where Pikachu, where Ash dies.
Spoilers!
Dies and Pikachu brings her back to life
and Sydney's just showing her this like, isn't this cute?
I'm like, this is a fucking whole arc.
There's a whole film.
She doesn't understand the implications.
She cannot even appreciate the bond
that's been established the rest of the film.
When those sad Pikachu's are just slapping the shit out of each other.
Oh, and just crying.
It would be like if you showed the one scene in Godfather
where Marlon Brando puts a orange slice in his mouth
that has a heart attack to a child.
Like this is Godfather.
Like you can't have any,
it's just a sad old man with an orange in his mouth.
She can't appreciate that.
This is my daughter dead old Marlon Brando.
She picked it, I don't know.
She's got another 18 years before she can change it again.
Hi, I'm Brian Safi.
And I'm Erin Gibson.
And we host the Throwing Shade podcast.
On Throwing Shade, we look at an issue important to ladies
and an issue important to gay people.
And then we basically make fun of it.
Yeah, and just to answer your question,
no, we don't have a marriage pact.
But if we don't get married by the time we're 30,
we're gonna do that for each other.
No, that's true.
Although we have each been divorced three times.
This Yahoo was sent in by Eric Rudkin.
Thank you, Eric.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Janet, who asks,
I got kicked out of a CC's pizza for eating too much.
Bullshit.
There's a question mark.
I got kicked out of a CC's pizza for eating too much.
I'm currently a 17 year old male.
And I'm 5'11 and 125 pounds.
Holy shit.
And my doctor recommended that I literally,
quote unquote, go all out and eat a bunch of food.
Because my BMI, my BMI, just go fucking hog wild.
Just fucking let loose.
Just dive into Scylla's lasagna and get deep in the pain.
You've been too restrained.
Listen, I've been telling you this for years, J-Dog.
You been holding back.
Go to that CC's and fucking slam some za.
Fire up that pain train.
Now take some of these xannies and get out there and go fucking hog wild.
Do a couple of fucking whippets and go eat some za.
Take these pergocets and go crazy.
Go to the fucking golden corral and bring a fucking sleeping bag.
Don't leave till they kick you out.
I'm a 17 year old male, 5'11, 125 pounds.
My doctor told me to go fucking hog wild and eat a bunch of food
because my BMI is frighteningly low.
I decided to go to the local CC's Pizza because they offer an all-you-can-eat buffet.
I stayed for around 45 minutes, around 4.15 to 5 o'clock p.m.
and ate 22 slices of pizza.
Now we're talking about CC slices, which are not gigantic.
That's also not the, like, that's high.
Don't get me wrong.
Wait, hold on.
What are you about to say?
No, no, no.
If the premise of this, my point was going to be,
if the premise of this is that CC's would kick him out for eating too much,
I do not believe that 22 slices is the most someone has ever eaten at CC's.
That's a fair point that Travis is making,
but what if he only got one slice at a time?
First off, very annoying.
And secondly, as he ate every one, he went,
yummy, yummy, yummy.
One?
I'm very much liking this pizza.
Very good.
Yummy, yummy, yummy.
Like with every slice.
Yeah.
Travis, I just want to congratulate you on being very cautious with your wording
and not saying what your mind and your heart thought,
which is, I don't think that's that much pizza.
I mean, but it's just, okay.
One, I'm not saying I could or would eat 22 slices of pizza.
I'm an adult, but I'm saying that when you propose,
I'm about to say an astronomically high number
that would get someone kicked out of CC's.
I mean, granted, that's like two slices or it's a slice every two minutes.
We're going to have 45.
Yeah, that's okay.
Yes, when you put it that way, Travis, for 22.
No, no, no.
That's a lot of fucking pizza.
That sounds like fucking no face from Spirited Away,
just like shoveling like a whole carton of za into his fucking face
and like barfing up gold to lure the CC's pizza employees nearby.
Just demanding they,
he's not going to stop eating until they bring sin out to him.
Yeah, fuck.
Like that's a lot of za, my dude.
That's a shit ton of sweet pie.
I'm, I guess I wasn't thinking of the timeframe.
Did they kick him out because they were worried about him?
Like, listen, this isn't about the amount of pizza, J-Dog.
You got to go.
Like, I don't know what dog here told you to do this, but-
I think they kicked him out because he ate,
this person ate Dave while they were like bussing a table.
You slimer Dave.
As I was about to, I haven't even finished the fucking question.
I was about to finish some pineapple ham pizza that they just set out.
Okay, again.
Hey, careful.
God, he got a finger.
That was just pineapple pizza.
The manager ran up to me and ran up to me.
You got to get the fuck out of here, man.
That I had exceeded the max amount that you can eat at the buffet.
What the hell?
It's literally called an all you can eat buffet.
I've heard of no such thing in my life.
Maybe they shouldn't charge such a low price if they're going to get pissed off.
Has anyone experienced something similar or should I make a complaint?
Thanks.
Fucking, let's kick things off with this divisive answer from anonymous who said,
yes, you can get kicked out because you took advantage.
You should only be allowed to eat for 30 minutes.
Plus, if it was a busy day, they might feel you stayed too long and need the table.
What?
No, hold on.
No CeCe's has ever been like, hey man, we need that four top back.
We need that four top back.
Listen, we got a reservation for CeCe's pizza.
The president might stop by.
We need to keep that corner booth clear.
That's false advertising.
It's a pretty easy lawsuit.
My client.
What I intend to show by the end of the day is that he had not eaten all he could.
Watch this motherfucker eat 23 slices of pizza.
And then it's all of a sudden it's that scene from Matilda.
Oh my Jesus.
It all stems back to the terrible doctor.
Sue them.
It happened, I'm just going down these comments because this is fucking banana cake.
Sue them.
It happened to this one guy I knew who loved going to all you can eat buffets.
One time he got kicked out for eating too much and sued them.
He received over 50,000 American dollars because of it.
As for you, I would contact the corporation online or report to them what happened.
They will most likely give you a discount coupons the next time you go.
What's up motherfuckers?
You need a discount coupon to go to the CeCe's?
What's up motherfuckers?
I'm back and this time I'm not paying my six dollars.
My, listen, no, you should sue them.
My friend Fat Dead Greg would sue them for his overeating there at CeCe's and he got a great deal.
Great deal out of it.
You have a much better case against the doctor.
I remember, I don't remember much from the episodes of Man vs Food I've watched.
Because I find it distasteful.
But I do remember an episode where he's like, this episode I'm gonna try to eat a 10 pound pizza.
And I'm gonna be like, Adam, Adam, Adam.
No one's making you do this, Adam.
You don't, Adam, listen.
Everybody said I couldn't do it.
Nobody, Adam, they said you shouldn't do that.
When you were like, I'm gonna eat 100 oysters.
I was like, that seems like a bad way to eat oysters, Adam, but you do you, I think you go for it.
But Adam, understand, please, it's 10 pounds of material.
You can't, you just can't do this.
Alexa warns, don't overeat pizza, it will catch up to you.
Oompa loompa, doompa dee doo, 20 suit slices will kill you.
How is the response to Alexa's comment, not Janet going?
That's not the fucking question, Janet or Alexa, whoever we're talking about.
I wanna, I don't understand how this question asker had such a low BMI.
And then this doctor like awakened the animal within.
And all of a sudden they go from like zero to 22, right?
Like they're just like found something deep inside of them.
Like found their calling or something.
The CC's pizza in Barbersville at the mall closed.
The CC's all you can eat pizza in the city so fat that Jamie Oliver
came to make a TV show to beg them to stop eating so much.
There's a CC's pizza there and it closed down.
His show, please salad, please salad, exasperatingly.
This is a town that plays host to an annual hot dog festival,
beer festival, chili fest, rib fest, and probably some other one.
There's the pumpkin.
Pumpkin festival.
Well, but that's not just unhinging our jaws and eating pumpkins whole.
It's mostly just worshiping the pumpkin.
There's a lot of pumpkin consumption that happens.
Let's not get it twisted.
We're celebrating the pumpkin harvest.
So that the gods continue to be gracious.
This is the town where CC's couldn't keep the doors open.
It was, as you've almost certainly guessed, replaced by a Christian bookstore.
The natural successor.
The natural successor to that.
Yeah, it's when you turn your life away for your life of eating pizza all the time.
How much do you guys think you could eat in 45 minutes?
In terms of like pizzas?
Yeah.
Well, no, yeah.
Not just like sheer poundage.
The secret is to know when to flip the switch to dessert pizzas.
Because, and if that counts, because you could eat
all the pizza in Pizza Hut, okay?
All of it.
And then if someone brought out a cinnamon pizza, you'd be like, I don't know.
Maybe.
Let me see.
Maybe, let me check that out.
My, our local Pizza Hut, you know, they got on their buffet that I
always used to really get a kick out of, pudding.
Just a container of pudding.
You could just get like three slizzies and one scoopa.
And they, and I think it's a really good way to keep it balanced, you know?
Because if you have the scoopa there with the slizzies.
Well, if you have the slizzies and you send them down with a scoopa,
that's going to keep everything moving real good down there.
Justin, I would like to thank you.
I don't, I don't know why I started talking like a tertiary character
from an Indiana Jones movie, but I'm just going to keep that.
I want to say a sincere thank you because honestly, God, never before this moment has
it struck me how crazy it is that most salad bars that I grew up going to,
or like that I've been to in my life, also just had a big fat of pudding.
Okay, but I think Justin's cracked it.
And that pudding is just like a sort of material sludge that you put in-
Like a silicon kind of-
Yeah.
You put it in your, you put it in your body as if to tell your intestine like,
let's get this thing going.
It's just a scoopa.
Hey, if you've ever gotten a scoopa and thought it was pudding,
but also, but really it was salad dressing-
Or butter.
Then retweet this.
Wait, okay, if the dressing consistency even vaguely resembles that of a scoopa,
then it's the fucking restaurant's fault, I would say.
Okay.
Hey, listen, are you retweeting or not?
I'm a busy man.
He makes an excellent point, Griffin.
Choose.
I'm faving it, which means-
Hey, listen, guys, listen.
Oh, okay.
About 20 minutes, I took some dayquil.
So like things are gonna start getting a little loose from here on out.
Oh, should we keep going?
There's a man who can't hold his dayquil.
I have another question for you.
I wanna bounce this Yahoo off because I think it'll be really good.
I feel like Travis, you're really gonna enjoy it.
Okay.
Okay, well, I'm sold.
This Yahoo was sent in by Courtney Bergman.
Thank you, Courtney.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Lady Ellie, who asks,
the swing era is slowly dying away?
What's the date on this question?
Well, let's not worry about it.
Let's make believe that it was asked today and not nine years ago.
Okay, okay.
You don't, a little less funny, I think.
A little more tragic.
You don't hear many swing dances anymore.
I mean, you do hear of one.
Only senior citizens and a few younger people go.
The only ones that really dance are the senior citizens
and the younger people don't really try.
It is obvious that the swing era is dying away.
But my real question is,
is anybody in more recent generations going to miss the swing era?
Does anyone appreciate Ya's music and the swing era enough
to want to learn more about it and to try and keep it alive?
Oh my Jesus.
Do you remember?
Do you guys remember that period where like Brian Setzer
and like Trey Pop and Daddies and Squirrel Nut Zippers-
All died in a single plane crash?
Yeah, it was fucking horrible.
And it was the day the swinging swung,
the day the wallet chains died.
The pants were just too big to keep going.
Yeah.
Fuck.
So is this a show, is this a podcast
where we just talk about Cherry Pop and Daddies every couple weeks?
Is that kind of our thing?
This is our Cherry Pop and check-in.
If we don't tell the story, who does, Justin?
I mean, holy tulips, guys.
I guess we're talking about Cherry Pop and Daddies again.
Who lives-
That was the craziest fucking time in pop culture
that I can remember in my entire life.
Because it was li-
Like you could like draw such a clear line around that like two years of time
from like when Swingers came out to when like,
I think Brian said to have played New Year's Rockin' Eve
and everyone went, nah.
Nah, it's not for me, I think.
Thank you, Brian, but no.
And that was the end.
That was the end of like that two years
where like you couldn't swing enough.
I remember dancing to swing music at college parties.
Yeah, absolutely.
Like cool college parties.
I want to, I don't want to talk about the past
because it's just gonna make me sad.
I want to talk about the future.
I'm gonna talk about like a,
you know how Pitch Perfect has kind of like
breathed new life into the acapella scene, right?
And then we got the fucking, what are they called?
Hypnotronics.
Yep, got it.
Like all this shit.
Pentagrams, pentagrams.
The pentagrams?
The pentagrams.
It's all acapella chants.
It's beautiful.
It's all, it's very monastic and Gregorian.
I want to, how can we bring swing back?
Obviously like Swingers, I don't think Swingers 2 could do it.
I don't think Favreau's got it in him anymore.
Well, you need, you need some kind of celebrity driven.
Oh, you know who Swings.
To clarify, I think Favreau is doing some great work,
but I'm saying, I don't think he's got the,
I don't think he can bring an entire fucking genre
of music back to life like he did.
Who can't?
Who has the gravitas that it's not,
it's not just like kitschy and weird.
It's also cool and kitschy and weird.
Like if this person does it, it's now a thing again.
Or this group of people.
How can, yeah, how can we bring it back though?
Oh, how can we bring it back?
Yeah, that's what I'm curious about.
Like I, there's, I see a huge opportunity here
because it's, it is, it's everything that you need
for a pop culture zeitgeist.
And it doesn't have to be very long.
Like however long we need to like get our millions
and bounce and dip from it and let it die again.
Just like the Cherry Pop and Daddies did.
Yeah, they cashed in, they cashed out.
As much shit as we give those, that crew,
they knew what they were doing.
They got their money.
Now they're Cherry Popping granddaddies
and they don't do it anymore.
Yeah, I think they're all pretty still young and vital.
Anyway, how can we bring swing music back?
Because can we do it with our podcast?
Because that feels like maybe not gonna happen.
Well, I would not rather, I would rather not like cash in
the cultural cache that we spent all these years building
on like a last ditch attempt to bring swing music back.
No, what we need to do is we need to look to the future
and see what the next big dance cra,
like maybe we bring Charleston back into vogue.
Maybe we bring back the 23 Skadoo.
What's the next thing?
You gotta look forward to look back.
That's true.
I mean, isn't Drake already doing that?
Is Drake doing the Charleston?
Is Drake doing the 23 Skadoo?
He does a lot of old man dancing.
He Skadid it.
He Skadun it.
He Skadid it.
He Skadrake.
What's the next, what's another big thing?
Maybe the, what about the Foxtrot?
It's got a cool name.
You could have like a sexy CGI Fox doing it.
With Paula Abdul?
With Paula Abdul.
You know she's an ether work.
I was singing a-
You can have a CGI Paula Abdul.
I was singing a song-
Singing with a real cat, but the cat is real.
Oh shit.
I was singing that song to my wife this morning
and trying to do both parts at once.
And I realized that that is gonna be my karaoke white whale.
Like if we find out a fucking meteor is about to hit
the earth tomorrow, tonight I'm going out
and I'm gonna sing both parts of opposites attract.
Who did the cat part in that?
Why don't I know that?
MC Skat Kat, Travis, yes.
Because we were watching RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars
and they had the fucking lip sync for their life
and it credited MC Skat Kat.
That cartoon got a fucking credit.
What?
Was there, okay, wait, hold on.
Yeah.
Was there a performer named MC Skat Kat
that the cat was raised on?
That somebody said, wait, who did it?
MC Skat Kat, I have the best idea.
Or we are to believe that Paula Abdul
somehow got cool-worlded, which God,
it happens to so many people.
It happens, you don't see enough,
there's so much awareness that needs to be brought
to the cool-worlding of America's youth.
Right, and so she got cool-worlded
and it produced it in there.
But no, that man was just a cartoon in there.
There was, there is no flash MC Skat Kat.
There was, I mean, there was a person
who did the voice of MC Skat Kat,
but he doesn't get the fucking credit.
Like, how do you agree to that?
It was Taylor Steele, Skat Kat.
Well, okay, who is that?
I mean, the person who did the voice of Skat Kat.
Do you want Taylor Steele to be the voice of Skat Kat
and also achieve something else in his life?
Like, I think he's done pretty good.
No, I just feel like shit, like I know who Paula Abdul is
and we credit her with that song.
And here's another dude who's like 50% of the song.
Hi, like my name is Walt Disney.
I did the whole Disney thing
and also like, I'm great at fishing.
No, Taylor Steele is the Ub Iwerks
to Paula Abdul's Walt Disney.
Okay, I just realized something though.
And that is if you take the letters
in the words Taylor Steele and rearrange them,
it's just MC Skat Kat.
I think that this is a, I think it's a pseudonym.
Why don't you want to believe in my living cartoon world?
Well, actually, now that I've moved to Los Angeles,
there's a big wall that runs through Hollywood
and on the other side, it's just cartoons.
Yeah.
We're not allowed over there.
I would like to close this conversation
by reading the personality section
from the Wikipedia page on MC Skat Kat.
There's somebody who wrote a thesis on like his behaviors.
According to the press kit
from Virgin Records media information.
No, fuck it, I want to read that.
I want it straight from the source.
I don't want this peer reviewed bullshit.
I'm giving you straight from the source
because there's quotes.
According to the press kit
from Virgin Records media information.
And Griffin, please stop laughing
because you're going to mess up the ringtone
that someone is making.
According to the press kit
from Virgin Records media information,
Skat Kat is a street philosopher with an alley cat.
Skat Kat is a street philosopher with an alley cat.
He enjoys rapping and dancing
and has quote, gotten high for the ladies.
Oh my God in heaven.
Please fucking just hold on, okay?
Quote, remains on the smooth tip
with an old school rap influence
which adds the street to his new school hip hop.
I can't breathe.
Okay, hold on.
That's all amazing.
Skat Kat's a street philosopher.
Oh, fuck me.
Alley cat, point of view.
He's on the smooth tip.
No, Travis, he remains on the smooth tip.
Yes.
Direct quote.
With an old school rap influence
which adds the street to his new school hip hop.
Fuck, oh my God, oh my God.
Fucking, dude, it sounds like,
it sounds like a binder from 1992 having a stroke.
Okay, but listen.
It's amazing.
The words you've said are amazing.
But the more amazing thing
is that this record company's PR outfit said,
listen to me, music journalists,
if you're gonna write about fucking MC Skat Kat,
inform yourself and be responsible with your reporting.
All I can picture is that in the press conference,
there was someone standing behind the PR representative
leaning in every time there was a question
about MC Skat Kat being like,
that's not something we can cover.
Just read the fucking packet.
How would you, hi, hello.
This is Greg Donaldson from Rolling Stone.
How would you characterize his like,
I don't know, his street behavior?
Well, if you'd read the fucking packet,
you would know he's a street philosopher
who remains on the-
I'm glad you asked, Greg.
Listen, he remains on the smooth tip.
With an old school rap influence
which adds the street to his new school hip hop.
Was MC Skat Kat built to be a spinoff humanity?
Was he the next level of like AI?
The next evolutionist.
Yeah, sure.
Do you think, and no tea, no shade, no pink lemonade.
I love my furry buddies.
But do you think that there were people who that was,
like, I think for a lot of folks,
it was probably Lola from Space Jam.
But do you think that there was a slightly older crowd
who saw MC Skat Kat was like, yep, cool.
Yes, please.
He remains on the smooth tip.
I like him because he's on the smooth tip
and I like his whole aesthetic.
I enjoy his street philosophy.
Now that we have hologram technology,
MC Skat Kat could perform live.
Holy shit.
He could headline Coachella.
He could perform live.
MC Skat Kat feat Trombone Boy.
What if the fucking last shot of the revival of Fuller House
is they open a door on a closet
and MC Skat Kat is like, oh, oh, oh, thank God.
Gibbler put me in there.
And I loved every fucking second of it.
I was Gibbler's sex prisoner and I loved it.
I loved that.
Close the door.
Close the door.
Put me back in Gibbler's sex cage.
Put me back.
You gotta contain the stink.
Put me back in.
Holy chalupas, this has been a lot of fun.
My name is Justin McElroy.
This has been our podcast, my brother, my brother and me.
Listen, there's a Bunker Buddies live show
coming up April 2nd.
And that's bit.ly forward slash BB live show.
It's Travis and his partner Andy talking about
how you can survive the apocalypse with,
I believe there's another podcast on there.
That's correct.
It's gonna be us and spilled milk in Los Angeles on April 2nd.
Go to bit.ly forward slash BBB BB live show for all the details.
We also wanna let you know, as we mentioned
at the top of the show, the 2016 Max Fun Drive
is just around the corner.
This isn't our first time.
We've rodeoed before, my friends.
But if you're new to my brother, my brother, me
and you're new to Max Fun, Max Fun is very, very special
because it is donor supported, which means that we exist
because you like the shows that we make.
And once a year for two weeks, we have the Max Fun Drive,
which is your chance to not only support the shows
that you love, but also get some pretty awesome swag
out of the deal.
There's gonna be different levels of donation
and different rewards for those levels.
But most importantly, the best thing that you get out of it
is there is so much donor only bonus content.
And not only do you get the content that will be new
this year, including special episodes of my brother,
my brother, me, the adventure zone, all the other shows,
but you also get all the other bonus content
from all the past years.
Thanks again to MeUndies who are dedicated
to providing the world's most comfortable underwear.
Go to meundies.com slash my brother for free shipping
and 20% off your first order.
And thanks to NatureBox, we can order hundreds
of great tasting snacks.
Go to naturebox.com for your first box of hand-picked snacks
sent direct to your doorstep.
Real quick also, I just wanna mention
we are all doing a ton of podcasts.
I'm not gonna go into detail about all of them,
but you can go to mackerelyshows.com
and you can find out what shows we're doing.
You can find our Twitter stuff, our Facebook groups
that you can join, contact info, all that stuff.
It's at mackerelyshows.com.
Whether you're into medical history,
whether you are into manners, whether you're
into the Bachelor franchise products,
we just have a million shows.
They're all at mackerelyshows.com
or on itunes.com slash mackerelyshows.
They put up a little splash page for us
and you can find all of our shows there.
So go check those out.
You should also check out all the other amazing
MaxFun shows, there's a ton that you're gonna love.
And we also wanna say thank you to John Roderick
and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off of the album,
Putting the Days to Bed.
It's an incredible album and I love it very much.
You sound disappointed at how incredible it is.
I'm so moved by it that just in that moment
I got moved describing it.
I saw a picture of him and Hodgman on,
they just got back from John and Colton cruise.
I'd really, hey, listen, I'm just putting this out
in the universe, the secret.
We'd really like to get on that cruise.
I would like to do that cruise, please.
Let us get us on that cruise.
I think it would be worth the getting that norovirus,
which I wouldn't even need an outbreak.
I think me just getting on a boat,
my body would just be like, you have norovirus now.
There's a new environment.
There'd be a little card left on your bed,
like, hey, good news, the gym is open at 10 a.m. tomorrow
and also you have norovirus.
It's my body's natural offense mechanism against that.
I've gone camping once in the past decade
and when I went, my body was like,
where are we, trees, grass, tents?
Oh, okay, you have diarrhea now.
Bippity, boppity, boop, you have diarrhea.
I'm almost certain, where are we at?
Let's see, let's see.
Oh, the Atlantic Ocean, cool, diarrhea.
You now have it.
Okay, we're done.
Griffin, give us the last question.
Yeah, this last one was also sent in
by Zoe Kinski climbing that fucking ladder,
getting up the leaderboard rankings.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
More than 32 characters who says,
is there one quote from John Malkovich
which resonates with you?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad, squirt on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
Are you troubled by a lack of astute
yet dick joke filled analysis of bad movies?
Do you experience feelings of laughter
and enjoyment when you hear three friends
go off on stupid tangents?
Have you or any of your family
ever seen a spook, specter, ghost,
or totally rad party dude house cat
who really only exists as a sound effect?
If the answer to any of these questions is yes,
then pick up your podcast listening device of choice
and subscribe to The Professionals.
The Flop House.
Our award-winning and usually only a little drunk staff
is on call 24 hours a day
to serve all your bad movie podcast needs.
The Flop House.
We're ready to make you laugh in public
so that other people look at you funny.
Hit it.
I'm pretty sure we don't have the rights to this song.
