The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, and the Advice Show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
You said you had something funny to say, Griffin.
It's just, I, the ox, the ox, the oxers were last night, and we all had, I think we can all agree,
a really fun time watching them. Got a little silly there at the end.
Now, Griffin, was that, was that silly like in the way of when they like drop candy and donuts from
the sky silly, or? That was very silly, but they did something even sillier at the end that I
thought was- Oh, do you mean like when they brought in the tour group, and they were like,
you're going to look at dresses, but it was actually like- That was super silly,
and it was just sort of Jimmy's sort of patented sort of prank.
Do you mean when they fucking robbed our dear friend, Lin-Manuel Miranda,
of his deserved Oscar that he deserved for writing the best song of the year?
Is that what you mean, Griffin? That they robbed him?
On that note, this is uncalled for. And us, by extension, by the way.
Because he would have called that great job horn so many times from that podium.
It's the closest I would have ever gotten to winning an Oscar, and they took that from me.
Yes, that is, that was uncomfortable. And I know we were all there for our friend,
Lin, when he was robbed during that scene. Although this part's actually not silly.
This is actually kind of uncomfortable in that I'm afraid that our friendship with Lin is over
now, and now La La Land is my best friend. Is that right? Does that make sense?
That's uncomfortable. That seems unpleasant.
We have a TV show now, so we have to keep swinging to the next sexiest Vine.
And he's been a sexy Vine for such a long time, and a really good dude,
like a super, super good dude. But friendship with Lin is over now.
La La Land is now my best friend. Gonna find out the name of the person who did it?
Because I watched this, I didn't see the movie, but I've seen pictures of it.
And I know it's Ryan Gosling, and he's in there playing piano.
But did he play the, did he actually make the songs?
It's unclear.
It's a confusing movie.
I haven't seen La La Land yet, but the scene that they used to be like Ryan Gosling for Best Actor
is a scene of a person at a jazz club while jazz people are trying to play jazz.
And here's this person in the audience at full voice talking about what's going on.
And all I can think is that person needs to be removed from this place.
That's not real jazz, man.
But at some point, a host or a server should have come over and said,
excuse me, sir, could you shut the fuck up?
Yeah, I mean, that's the secret.
A member of the Marsalis family or Cannonball, they don't talk during jazz.
That's like the rule one of jazz. Rule two is just make a bunch of stuff up.
But like Cannonball will tell you, do not talk during the jazz.
That's the second rule.
No eye contact during jazz.
No, God, no.
Yeah. And then the third rule is just make a bunch of shit up.
And yeah, good luck.
No, the silly part is talking about where Faye and Warren who are two national sort of treasures,
masters of the stage and screen, masters of their craft.
Like they're both masters of their craft, you know,
and they've they've they've accomplished some great works between the two of them.
But they did remind us that they are still older folks.
It's not their fault.
Well, if I'm sorry, if you know you're dishing out best pick at the end,
the big show and you get handed a card that has Emma Stone's name on it,
I think you would go there's been a mistake before you just pull the fucking trigger
and just say another this card says Emma Stone won best picture.
Get up here, Emma.
You did it.
Can we get a good movie?
I want to dissect.
I want to dissect that moment for a second,
because I think Warren Beatty got a lot of heat for that moment.
I think he's going to continue to get a lot of shade thrown out.
Well, first of all, I think that's undeserved
because I think Faye is the one that took that ball and ran with it.
That's what I'm saying, because Warren Beatty opens the envelope was like,
wait, Emma Stone's not a movie.
Warren Beatty knows Emma Stone is not a movie.
And Faye Dunaway goes, oh, you're terrible.
And all I can think is inside Warren Beatty's head,
he must have just been screaming, Faye, no.
Faye at that point made a fucking risk reward sort of evaluation
and decided I don't want to be up on this stage anymore in this uncomfy moment.
So I'm just going to pull the trigger on this fucking thing
without even like blocking down whether or not I'm saying the name of the real best pick.
It's weird that Emma Stone's name is so big on this card,
but whatever, I'll read the movie name smaller.
I just feel like what we're seeing is old Hollywood
still having its instincts in place for heat seeking.
My man Warren and my lady Faye are nothing if not heat seekers.
They saw that and they thought my man Warren looked at that card
and you know what crosses mind?
Time to go trending.
Time to get back in the fucking limelight.
Have I had sex with Emma Stone?
I'm Warren Beatty.
I'm Warren Beatty, but also now time to trend.
Time to get on this comet and trend with me, Faye.
Hey Faye, take my hand.
Take my hand and follow me.
It's time to trend.
I have no idea what that means, but I want to do it.
I do want to do it.
I hear a lot of people trending and it's time to trend, Faye.
Come with me.
Catch this comet in a net with me, Faye, and fly to trending.
Is it possible that this really silly thing that happened here at the end-
It's a zag.
I mean, let's call it a good fucking zag.
It's a fucking zag at half.
It's a silly switch up.
Do you think that this was done somehow as sort of a magic trick prank
by Now You See Me Too as a sort of like slight for being slighted by the Oscar noms?
Anything's possible.
I really wish La La Land could have won it because that's my best friend now
and I would have loved it to have that feather in its cap.
But super congratulations to Moonlight.
I should say I would love, love, love to talk about all the movies
and if they deserved it and who won what.
I saw, let me see, 0.01% of the movies nominated
and that's just like the 10 minutes I was awake
during Dr. Strange.
Not because Dr. Strange was a boring movie.
I had just had a baby.
So I was just very asleep.
Took it to sleep, sleepberg.
I'm thinking about being a parent of a young child
when you're watching the Oscars for me this year.
Most of the awards I was about engaged with and as like versed in
as if I was watching awards for lawn furniture design.
Like it might as well have been that until the animated segment
at which point I was like on my feet losing it.
Like just like listing off the merits and demerits
of all the nominated pictures.
How do you, let's get into this.
How do you feel about Zootopia?
Taking the big one.
Zootopia has a great message.
Yes.
And it's that animals deserve to be people.
Something like that.
Well, it's not really that so much.
Zootopia is a fine film with a great message.
Does it make me cry every time I watch it when she's like,
I am Moana and I'm like, me too.
And I'm on my feet crying and screaming at the screen?
Yeah.
No, absolutely not.
But it's a movie about discrimination,
which seems like a good message for right now.
Yeah.
How to do it in a good way that's very secret and no one will know about.
Wait, hold on.
I haven't seen Zootopia, Justin.
Is Zootopia about how to get away with racism?
No, it's about.
Okay.
No, but I'll tell you what it's not about, inspiring a generation.
Well, it probably is also about, it is kind of like also that.
I get you.
I mean, I get you, but yeah.
They're both fine pictures.
Moana is obviously better, but it's fine.
I tried to watch Kubo, but it was a little bit dark
and my daughter lost interest in 10 minutes.
So I'll give that one a Razzie.
That one gets a Razzie from me.
Just because it was just again,
just because the colors were a little muted.
Well, colors were dark and there wasn't a big musical number
within the first 10 minutes.
Can I say just before we move on for the Oscars,
I would like to give my own award and this is 100% all sincerity.
Best jacket at the Oscars goes to Dwayne The Rock Johnson.
Oh, was it?
That jacket.
Oh, it was an amazing like blue velvet number.
Oh, I fell in love with it right away.
And now we gotta do our worst dress segment.
Can you even believe they left the house in it?
And I'll start things out.
Josh Gad was just, he was wearing, he's wearing just a suit,
but his wiener was hanging out the whole time.
But really the problem was the shoulder pads.
The shoulder pads were a bit wild, yes.
The wiener was fine.
The wiener was excellent.
I liked when Deadpool jumped up, ran up on the stage
and he was like, I'm gonna let you finish.
But actually Deadpool was the best.
That was like very good viral and his butt was out
and he was like, fart you very much.
He said fart you very much and it was like kind of inappropriate
because it was like La La Land won and then they got up
and they're like, no, we didn't, Moonlight won
and then Moonlight got up to accept his award
and then he ran up and he was like, Deadpool won, I'm sorry.
I didn't know that the other thing was gonna happen
and now this is all getting a little over complicated.
Can we go back?
Can we edit this?
No, Mr. Reynolds.
Anyway, if anybody has La La Land's phone number
and or wants to like tell them about our show
so I can get that certifier going.
Can we not joke about this, please?
Because Lin will take it very personally.
It's not personally, but seriously,
and he'll take the joke too far and he'll stop talking to us
and he'll make us talk to La La Land
and that's a movie, not a person.
I don't stand with Griffin on this, Lin.
Anyway, that's our skewed take on the Oscars.
It's our skewed views.
Why don't we do more movie stuff?
We've got a lot to say.
Suicide Squad won a, what, it did?
So that's like could be one whole segment
and it's like Hacksaw Ridge, really?
That could be a whole different segment.
Neither one of those movies have I seen.
No, God, no.
They don't give it to the movies that I like,
which is like the movies that I saw in the theater.
Because I'm looking down the list,
I saw, I did see Deadpool in the theater.
That got a nom?
No noms for Deadpool on this one.
Maybe we'll nominate it next year.
You know how they always do like Stuff We Missed?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Or like Missed Connections?
I should see movies that don't have superheroes in them,
I think, if I want to get the most out of the Oscars.
The Doctor Strange got a nom.
It got the nom for the best effect things.
Hey, also while we're talking about best effects Oscars,
if I could bend your ear for a second,
I think I'm with you in that it's very funny
that no one understands the technical awards.
Like that's hysterical, I'm with you.
Maybe that doesn't have to be the joke every single year
and multiple times per show.
Like at some point don't you just expect
those special effects wizards to stand up and say,
we get it!
Or alternatively they say,
fuck you, we're taking a year off.
And then Jurassic World 2 comes out
and all the dinosaurs are just like fucking dudes
in those stupid inflatable costumes and that's it.
And then the next year it's like, okay guys, we're sorry.
This year the technical Oscars
are the only Oscars we're gonna do.
The best actress was handed out
in a non-televised segment of the show.
But anyway, here's a new way of fucking a new stylus
that you can use to draw shit.
But it's amazing.
I think it's horrible that the people
who actually make the movies get cloistered off
to their sub Oscars, but best animated short?
Like really?
Those animated shorts were amazing though.
Unless it's before Pixar movie, nobody saw it.
They were amazing though.
Here's my problem with it.
We really are doing this fucking thing.
Year over year they're like,
technical we don't even know what's going on.
And guaranteed there's people that work
in the technical field like,
oh, okay, well we'd be happy to explain it to you.
Nope, no, you'd ruin the joke.
It's like, we just don't get it.
Did you see fucking Finding Dory?
We made all of it.
All of it was me.
It was me, my name's Clark
and I made Finding Dory with my computer.
If they had spent half the time,
they spent joking about not understanding them
to actually explaining them,
we would all have like minors in special effect
design work engineering.
That would be amazing.
Next year, Andrew Garfield gets up
to present the technical Oscars
and he gets up and he goes,
I'm supposed to talk about how I don't understand that.
That's the shit they've written for me here.
And he just throws away the script
and he like sits down at a table
and has a three hour long conversation
about the new like refraction lenses.
He pulls a fucking Justin Trudeau up there.
He's like, well, I'll break this shit down.
How long you got?
The history of the camera.
Here's the best part is it's all wrong and lies
but it is three hours long.
Here's how I bet it works.
And now I've never used a camera
but if I had to guess,
okay, time to get into the advice.
Here's my first question.
Yesterday, I went to a used video store
and I tried to buy a copy
of the Denzel Washington movie, Unstoppable.
Denzel was robbed again.
It's the greatest act of our time.
I took the case to the register
but the girl couldn't find the disc in the filing cabinet.
She took my name and phone number
and said she'd call when and if they found it.
Here's the problem.
I don't actually want Unstoppable that badly.
If I never go back to pick it up, am I good?
And that's from somewhat of Unstoppable,
somewhat Stoppable.
Yeah, I mean, a lot of issues.
This is the wild train movie, right?
Where Denzel has to fight a big train
with the help of Captain Kirk.
I think so.
A lot of Hollywood glitz in this episode, I think.
Yeah, a lot of that razzle-dazzle.
No stars in the sky tonight.
They are all in this episode.
I think I used to work at a GameStop
and if you came in and you tried to buy SSX trains,
SSX Tricky, and I was like, I can't find the disc.
I'll take your name down and if I find the disc,
I'll let you know.
That's just sort of a salve for you
to try to get you to leave the store
because I ain't gonna find that disc.
If it's not right in the SSX section of my folio,
then I'm not going to locate the disc.
In three months, when fucking Halo 8 comes out
and I am stocking up Halo 8,
a fucking SSX Tricky disc is not going to fall
from a hidden crevice in the cabinet.
That disc is gone and the game is gone forever.
Unstoppable is gone.
It got dragged to hell and I'm very sorry.
Somebody threw it in the fucking garbage can or stole it.
That is how it does.
Griffin, let me paint a counter picture for you.
One in which miracles can happen and angels do exist.
Let me take down your number.
I'll call you as soon as we find a copy of it.
They find it.
They call them like, oh, okay, yeah, great.
And then the next day, somebody else comes in and say,
hey, is that Unstoppable?
No, this is for Dave.
This is Dave's copy.
And then Dave doesn't come in.
And then the next day, somebody else is like,
ooh, Unstoppable.
I've been meaning to check that out.
Can I please buy that VHS copy?
No, this is Dave's copy.
But after a while, the store clerk begins
to lose faith in Dave.
And then by extension, humanity, sadness reigns.
Is that it?
The fin.
Oh, Jesus, Travis, I thought there was going to be a turn.
No, that's the thing, Griffin, there is no turn
because Dave did not go get Unstoppable.
I have a fun story along these lines.
A friend in college.
Used to work at Blockbuster and stole a copy of Showgirls.
Yeah, tell me all about this friend.
I didn't steal a copy of Showgirls.
I stole a copy of Fight Club.
It's in our fucking TV show.
Cisto.com, free week.
I forgot, you're only allowed to steal one thing
when you work at Blockbuster.
No, I had Tommy Redd come over and videotape Showgirls off HBO
while we were on vacation.
Anyway, a friend of mine was working in a video store in LA
and Lance Henderson came in and he asked for a Millennium
and the guy working the desk said,
do you want the 1989 movie or do you want the TV show?
And Lance Henderson said, I want the one with me in it.
Because Lance Henderson is the star of the TV series.
So I don't know what this world is that Lance has to go
rent his own copy of Millennium, the series,
on a videocassette, presumably.
But I always get a kick out of that story.
Do y'all want a yahoo?
Yeah, please.
So I'm gonna send him by riding high Zoe Kinski.
Thank you Zoe, it's yahoo answers user.
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
I'm gonna try one refresh.
I'm gonna give this a little bit of bandwidth
and see if we can't, no, this dog won't bark.
It's from Joey who asks, I am naming all of my pants.
Let's start with the torn Wranglers
with spaghetti sauce on the left leg.
Any ideas?
I'm very fond of them.
It's just like a fun way of like categorize,
like you need to know, you need to know,
like you open up the drawer and it's like,
what jeans do I want to wear today?
And it's like at this point,
I have like eight or nine pairs of jeans.
You know, I'm on TV.
And so I need like a way of like a shorthand way
of like knowing who they are.
One more time.
Torn Wranglers, spaghetti sauce on the left leg.
If you'd like, I can start you off
with some responses for yahoo.
Yeah, that'd be great.
Katz says Italian Stallions.
That's fun, but I think we can do better.
And just like that, here comes Dolores in the prune
who says rip, mess well, Tom Longstrand,
Basil Pastowski.
Sally says, how about naming them
after the Swiss national hero, William Tell?
The missing drawstring has been used for this crossbow.
The hole where he was aiming for the apple
in your pocket but lost his concentration.
He got a whiff of cheese mixed with something
he didn't quite recognize as emanating from his homeland.
Fuck right off.
What?
What?
Why are we wasting the best minds of our generation?
The most creative talents of our generation
on yahoo answers.
Enzyme 303 says Rangweenie.
It has that spaghetti Western feel to it.
Perfect name for the good, bad, and the ugly.
That's actually pretty good.
There's four fucking pages of answers
to naming this person's jeans.
So these people are just trying to name their pants
that has spaghetti on them?
Why?
Why?
Play along, yes and.
But what's the, play with me.
But I need to know for what?
For the National Pants Registry?
Like, where does this come up?
Is this just like-
Play with me.
But Griffin, I need to know.
I need to know the parameters of when you might say
this name out loud to fully understand.
Because like, mess pants.
Why not just mess pants?
These are mess pants.
Mess pants is good, but you can do better.
Just play with me.
I'm trying to, Griffin.
I just need to understand who-
Okay, Griffin.
Answer me this one simple question.
Yeah.
Who might I say the name of these pants allowed to?
No one, just to you.
It's like a fun game for yourself.
Then why not just like, Doug?
These pants are Doug.
If that's funny to you, I guess.
I'm gonna put on Doug.
If that's funny to you-
I put my legs inside Doug.
See, now it's getting better.
Doug's a little worse for wear.
Doug got some sauce on Doug.
Got some Doug, now your name is Rip Meswell.
Tom Longstrand.
I'll be honest, I'll part the curtain a little bit here.
I did include this question just because I wanted to put up
these amazing names from Dolores and the Prune.
Rip Meswell, Tom Longstrand, and Basil Pistowski.
Basil Pistowski is my favorite.
It's very good.
And I thought maybe we could get in there and play along.
But apparently you boys don't want to play my new game
that I came up with for you.
I just, Griffin, I don't-
No, it's fine.
I just don't know.
I just don't know.
It's fine.
How about a different one?
We'll get you guys back in your comfort zone.
Okay.
This one was sent in by a lot of folks.
Well, two folks.
Nicholas Potter and Christian Ang with Syntheson.
Thank you.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Justin.
Uh oh.
Not me.
Justin started his account on Christmas Day
and put this one up on Christmas Day.
Thank you, Justin.
Justin asks, do dogs know they are dogs?
Oh shit.
Yeah.
So I think now you'll play.
Now you'll play with me.
Because I think if-
Do dogs know they are dogs?
You think about this and you think who gives a shit,
but then you also think about Marmaduke,
the dog who thinks he's a person.
So if he exists,
he exists?
Okay.
Let's establish this baseline just for those people
screaming at your podcast player,
your Victrola or whatever.
I think that dogs very clearly can see themselves
and other dogs and humans and be like,
we're definitely,
there's something different here.
The question for me at least is,
do they register like,
well, those people own us.
We are their pets.
So they are definitely above.
I don't know if they go that far,
but I do think they regard us as like the Tallstriders
and the food god,
you know, who reigns their benevolence down upon us.
I feel like dogs know other dogs are dogs.
Yeah.
But they kind of feel bad for those guys.
Oh, I see.
Look at all those guys that are owned by people
and man, that must be a rough putt for them.
I feel bad for dogs.
I don't feel like dogs.
Dogs probably see themselves as small humans on four legs
and then they see other dogs as dogs.
Like there's an air of superiority.
I feel like.
Really?
All dogs are kind of up their own butts a little bit.
A little bit.
Well, that would make a lot of sense.
They are always trying to get up their own butts.
Yeah, that would explain it.
You'd think that they,
this is a tough one.
Do you think they'd be bummed out
or is this just the world that they know?
What do you think they think of cats?
Yeah, I mean, now we're really getting into it.
Like, I think we can all look at a cat that lives in the house with them.
Is the cat like,
yeah, me and the other humans just putting up with this thing.
I think we can all agree that they do look at us as giant gods,
as giant, like giant powerful figures.
You know what I mean?
Like they worship, they worship us unto a god.
That's all Striders.
I actually think Griffin,
you have really touched a nerve for me
because this is my problem with raccoons
is I spend so much time with dogs.
Finally, we're getting to the heart of it.
I know, let's really get down to it.
I spend so much time with dogs
who like very clearly recognize that I am a superior being.
And then there's like a raccoon in my garbage
and I'm like, blah.
And it looks at me like, fuck you.
And just keeps doing what it's doing.
I'm like, no, this is not how this is supposed to go.
And raccoons know they're raccoons, right?
But raccoons don't recognize my divinity is what I'm saying.
Right, exactly.
So-
Yes, that's a good point.
I think horses are, I think equally,
I think horses are just ambivalent, right?
Like horses know they're horses
and I think they're one of the few animals
that are like, yeah, I'm a fucking horse.
Check, guess what?
That I just told you.
So, and I think that they're totally fine with it.
And I don't even think they would refer,
I don't think they would think of us as gods at all.
I think, cause they're taller than us
and they have like way more legs, like twice as many.
So shoot.
I think when we ride a horse,
I think the horse is like, what a cool favor I'm doing.
What about when a dog sees you on a horse?
Now that's probably like,
I don't know why all dogs don't just instinctively shit
when they see that.
Like, what do we even do now?
The one thing I had on them was I had four legs
and now they have six.
This would be essentially like seeing
like God giving like a bigger God a piggyback ride somehow.
Like, I don't even understand how that visual would pan out.
I bet the harder thing for dogs
is when they see people get off a horse.
Like, no, what are you doing?
You just figured, no, what are you?
Are you crazy?
Get back on there.
What are you doing?
Why would you ever get off?
Do you think that when animals,
we human beings have made such a big deal
out of animal pairings and like weird animal pairings.
But I guarantee that like most animals are just like,
yep, you, me, yep.
Like horse is just a bigger dog.
Dogs are just smaller horses.
Travis, are you sure you haven't seen Zootopia?
You got the message.
You got it, dude.
Like you've got, it's a great,
you should watch it
because you've already got it's good message in your heart.
And I guess I don't need it.
That's how I look at movies.
Do I already know that that thing is bad?
I don't need that movie.
I've got it.
I already know to guard the galaxy.
Thank you very much.
I have a new segment on the show.
Is it just another question or is it like a new?
No, it's a new segment I invented.
It's called Guy Another Day.
And it's a Guy Fieri update.
Just like checking in on Guy.
Guy Fieri, see what he's into.
All right.
Wait, like minute by minute, like right now, what is he doing?
No, just like when he does something notable.
Okay.
My wife sent me a quote from a real interview
that Guy Fieri did with a vice property called Munchies.
And they asked him where Flavortown was.
Have you guys seen this?
No, but I would really like to make guesses as to his answer.
Just fucking hold on for literally,
probably the quote of your life.
Oh my God.
I want this to be my Yuletide.
Okay, here we go.
On camera, I once said,
this pizza looks like a manhole cover in Flavortown.
I'm sorry.
I know that's not the funny part of the quote,
but I hadn't heard that one before.
Willy Wonka had a chocolate stream, you know?
So it's taking these iconic food items,
these iconic food moments and giving them a home.
They all live in Flavortown.
It's like one of those things in the matrix.
You can only get down with Flavortown
if you believe in Flavortown.
I have people walk up to me and say,
hey, I'm a citizen of Flavortown.
I have people that want to pledge
to be a city council member of Flavortown
or the mechanic.
It doesn't stop.
Their names are Justin, Travis, and Griffin McElroy.
They email me every week.
What would be the airline of Flavortown?
Sausage Airlines?
Wait, I'm reading the fucking quote.
He, within his own statement about Flavortown,
began to pose his own questions to flesh out the universe.
What would be the airline of Flavortown?
What would be the titles of the Star Wars movies
in Flavortown?
Sausage Airlines?
It just doesn't stop.
I just said it and then people heard it.
Goes all the way to the top.
Here's the fucking cherry on this bad boy.
Of course, there's no Flavortown unless you believe in it.
Oh my God, you scared me so bad because of course I do.
You scared me fucking really, really bad for a second there, guy.
What do you think, as long as we're going down
this hypothetical road, Mr. Fieri,
what do you think mayoral elections are like in Flavortown?
Do you think it's based on who's most flavorful,
who can bring, protect the most flavor,
who can bring the most flavor from outside?
Is it like I've traveled afar
and I've brought you new flavors to Flavortown
or it's like Pizza the Hut, the mayor of Flavortown?
I think there's an electoral college system
just on a very local, hyper-local level
and then I think that results in two candidates
and then they have a buffalo wing eating contest.
Do you think, what role does Mr. Fieri play in politics
and the running of Flavortown?
Doesn't, doesn't, doesn't.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Guy Fieri wandered into Flavortown
as one might wander into Narnia
and discovered it's dark secret.
He was transformed by a satyr.
Interesting.
And then he returned to us through his magic pizza oven
he climbed out of and he, somebody was like,
what the fuck happened to your hair and face and body?
And he was like, I don't know, it got wild over there.
These sunglasses are fused to the back of my head.
Yeah, and then.
They're hot, those are covering the eyes that he uses
to watch his back constantly in case Flavortown comes for him
because they do send, they're called reclaimers
and what they do is they escape,
they are given permission to walk in our world
and if you speak of Flavortown, then they're hunting you.
They're basically hunting people
who can let their secret be known.
But then Jason, why does Mr. Fieri,
like why does he draw their wrath?
He could just stay quiet about Flavortown.
Oh, because he stole their fucking secrets.
And also he's very good with his spark lance.
That's one of the weapons that he took from Flavortown
from the armory and when the reclaimers come for Guy Fieri,
he uses the spark lance that he stole from Flavortown
to defend himself.
And that's why he must always be on the move,
moving from diner to drive in to dive.
Never stopping, never sleeping.
That's why they play the sad, incredible Hulk music
at the end of every episode of Dive, Drives and Dives
because he's on the way.
He's gotta keep on the move
because they're always looking for it.
This does make sense
because I actually went to a restaurant not two days ago
that had one of those like guy's been here panels
and I always thought that was like,
because we're on the show and now I'm thinking
maybe it's like a memorial plaque
because like he finished filming
and then bought off like four reclaimers
saved all of our lives.
Yeah, if they see, if you ever see one of those plaques
just to stay near it for a while
and eventually you'll see someone come in
that looks like a predator made out of fettuccine Alfredo
and that's a reclaimer.
That's what a reclaimer is.
It's just-
Sorry, a fettitor?
No, no, no, no, no.
Maybe it's made of feta, would that be better?
It's not really.
It's just Guy and his hot rod and his spark lance
just driving from place to place
just trying to find the secret that's gonna get
the Flavortown reclaimers off of his back
and really the last Final Fantasy game
was loosely based off of Guy Fieri's story
it's kind of like a cool crossover.
Here's what the history books don't tell you.
There was actually a time at which Flavortown
and our world were one.
Interesting.
And they actually were torn apart
though there is a small like Venn diagram overlap
in the pizza oven that Mr. Fieri uses to travel
betwixt the two planes.
Now Mr. Fieri is trying to draw them back into overlap.
That world was called the personal Pangea, right?
Correct.
And so Mr. Fieri is trying to pull the two worlds
back into alignment.
But now the government of Flavortown
realizes that if that happens
they will lose all the control over their delicious citizens
that they've come to rely on and really bask in.
So they're trying to stop the convergence,
the flavor convergence.
The flavor singularity,
because if he's unsuccessful it's gonna happen
and we're gonna get like a shot
of like an eight-year-old in Iowa or something
and she bites into a crisp, a honey crisp apple
and just fucking pizza sauce spills out of it.
She's like, mama, something's wrong.
And then you look up into the sky
and it's just noodles, zesty noodles falling out.
Well, that's the thing is like right now
everything you taste is maybe 1% of what the actual flavor is.
You would die.
If you got a fucking unfiltered Flavortown
you would be destroyed.
This is like the giver, right?
Only Mr. Fieri remembers flavor
and he has to tell us about it
because flavor has been removed from our lives.
But if this convergence happens
the flood of flavor would knock your tongue
out the back of your head.
Yeah.
And I'm not speaking metaphorically here.
Yeah, it would knock your tongue.
The secret is, and the thing that they're really trying
to keep him from is there is a tower
that connects our world to Flavortown.
And in order to get to, you have to follow,
they call them cream beams.
They're beams made of different cream sauces.
And you can follow them to the tower that unites.
And the man who controls it all is the sorcerer.
And the sorcerer defends the cream beams
but he also tries to keep interlopers out.
So he has to sneak past the sorcerer
to get into Flavortown every time.
It's truly a miraculous tale
when you really sit down and think about it.
If I can just stop for a second
because we always forget to do this.
Fucking TM, TM, TM, TM.
Well, no, hold on, sorry.
We can't TM Guy Fieri.
I'm sorry, fellas.
No, we can't do that.
Okay, but it's fair use.
TM, Big Giant Head LLC, TM, us, don't steal this one.
This one's got cinematic potential.
This one's a movie.
This one's our money maker.
This is the one we can finally retire on.
Can we make a movie about the sorcerer
who controls the all pillar
that connects our world to Flavortown
and our quartet across the cream beams
without including Mr. Fieri at all?
Because I don't actually know that that would be a good hang.
I feel like the story is bigger than him at this point.
Yeah, I feel like if he won't get on board, somebody will.
Well, name our main character Guy Fieri.
Oh, that's good.
Listen, if we're gonna fund this film,
we're gonna need some outside investment
and just to get that kick started,
let's head on over to the Money Zone.
Do you want to shave your goatee?
Sure, we all do.
Hi, I'm Travis McElroy speaking specifically to Guy Fieri now.
This week we're sponsored by Harry's.
Mr. Fieri, I really think this may be the product for you.
That pesky facial hair, you've tried everything.
You've tried clippers, you've tried hedge trimmers,
you've tried like sheep to eat off your face.
You've used the spark lance, like be honest.
And nothing has worked.
Well, might I recommend Harry's razors?
It's got five German engineer blades, a lubricating strip,
flex hinge for a comfortable glide,
trimmer blade for hard to reach places
like the back of your head where your glasses are fused to
and weighted ergonomic handle.
Harry's started with just two guys, Jeff and Andy,
then they bought a factory with a hundred years
of blade making experience
so they could make their own high quality razors,
sell them online and ship them directly for half the price.
You don't have to go to stores and wait for someone
to unlock a cage and pay $50 for two blades.
Instead, just check it out.
All that stuff I mentioned, the five engineer blades,
the lubricate, all that, that's $2 a blade.
That's such an amazing deal.
And Harry's is so confident in the quality of their blades.
They want you to try their most popular trial set for free.
It comes with a razor handle of your choice,
five blade cartridge and shaving gel.
Free when you sign up, just pay a small fee for shipping.
If you want to redeem that trial offer,
go to harrys.com, H-A-R-R-Y-S.com slash my brother right now.
That's harrys.com slash my brother.
Can I talk about Blue Apron?
Cause it's really, I like it a lot.
Yes.
Nope, I'm just going to do it.
I don't need to bother asking for permission.
Folks, when you eat Blue Apron,
you will think you have stolen the secrets of Flavortown
for yourself, which is ridiculous
because you would almost certainly be destroyed
by the woodland satyrs and the fairy circles.
You would be trapped in their endless dance.
But they are going to send you the most flavorful food
without having to risk this deadly journey,
this deadly voyage.
For less than 10 bucks per person, per meal.
And what they send is seasonal recipes
along with pre-portioned ingredients
that you can use to make delicious home-cooked meals.
Stuff like salmon piccata with orzo and broccoli,
pork chops and miso butter with bok choy
and marinated apple, vegetable chili
and baked sweet potatoes with crispy tortilla strips.
Sometimes these like featured upcoming meals,
really almost every time they are stuff
that we haven't gotten yet.
And so this is like actually an exciting sneak preview
for me, a diehard Blue Apron fan.
A diehard Blue Apron subscriber.
Like, ooh, pork chops and miso butter.
Don't mind if I do.
It's really great.
I've had it going for like almost,
I feel like almost a year now
and I didn't know how to cook very good beforehand.
And now I'm getting pretty good and I love cooking.
And it was like a thing that I never thought
I would sort of get good at.
So it's really great.
And you can check out this week's menu
and get your first three meals for free
with free shipping by going to
blueapron.com slash my brother, all one word.
You're gonna love how good it feels
and tastes to create incredible home-cooked meals
with Blue Apron, so don't wait.
That's blueapron.com slash my brother.
Blue Apron, a better way to cook.
I got a message for Valley and it's from David.
It says, hey Valley, hello.
I'm talking to you right now Valley.
I am in fact speaking to you
from inside the mouth of a McElroy brother.
It's a disturbing image.
I have to say it feels pretty good in here.
Happy birthday Valley.
I hope you have a good day
and that your tentacles can continue to creep
in all sorts of places over the next year.
You are absolutely amazing.
Well, this goes on to some places.
Yeah, that took my mouth some places.
I don't like the idea that I'm in Tomatown
controlled by in like a meet Dave scenario,
but that's fine.
Happy birthday Valley.
It's a birthday one.
That one was by me, by the way.
No one could, no one made me do that.
I have a message for Daniel
and it's from your older sister Julia
who says happiest birthday to my fourth favorite brother.
Thanks for infecting me with my bim bam mania.
You're one of the smartest and funniest people I know
and you have excellent taste in podcasts,
motorcycles, tattoos, and music.
I don't know why that has a bunch of, yeah.
Only a few more years
until we're in a nursing home together,
day drinking and wearing diapers.
That's the dream.
I love you very much.
You know, Griffin,
you on a very recent episode of Rosebuddies
talked about how like the different jumbotrons
for each show had their own kind of like themes,
you know, and like with the Rosebuddies,
it's like all about love and adventure zone.
It's all about like D&D groups.
Yeah.
And my brother and my brother and me,
we have a recurring like gentle insult thing
that happened like you're my fourth favorite brother
and you have tentacles.
It's good-natured ribbing,
but it's also like psycho sexual control over us
and like the glee that people feel
like I'm making a McElroy say stuff.
It feels good in this soft mouth.
It's very upsetting.
I mean, yeah.
Thank you for your support.
Thank you for your support.
If you would like to control our mouths,
you can go to maximumfun.org forward slash jumbotron.
And then cry because there's nothing.
Yeah, for not this year,
you can weep and gnash your teeth.
The Dead Pilot Society podcast
brings you hilarious comedy pilots
that were never made featuring actors
like Aubrey Plaza, Andy Richter, Paul F. Tompkins,
John Hodgman, Adam Scott, Molly Shannon,
Busy Phillips, Tom Lennon, Anna Camp, Lori Metcalf,
Felicia Day, Michael Ian Black, Adam Savage,
Paul Scheer, Ben Schwartz, Skylar Astin,
Mae Whitman, Josh Molina, Ben Feldman,
Cole Beyer, Jason Ritter, Sarah Chalk,
Steve Agee, Jane Levy, Allison Tolman,
Danielle Nicolette, Casey Wilson,
Anna Ortiz, Lorraine Newman, June Diane Raphael,
Kiernan Shipka, Ed Weeks, Zach Knighton,
Carrie Kenny Silver, John Ross Bowe,
Jamie Denbow, Janet Varney,
Alessandra Torsani, Chris Sumner, Ali Morales, Matt Gourley,
and many more.
Listen at Maximumfun.org, iTunes,
or wherever you download podcasts.
We've only done one question,
so I'm gonna do another question.
Well, what about a Yahoo?
But we've only done one question
and you did two Yahoos.
That's a good point.
I started dating my longtime friend recently.
I noticed a horseback riding trophy on his dresser
and asked him about it.
He said that as a youth, he did trick riding
and could even do handstands while the horse was in motion.
When asked to do a handstand, he refused,
saying it's easier to do on a horse.
Brothers, is my new boyfriend a liar?
How can I get him to back up his claims of sick tricks?
That's from riding high or hiding lies in Kings County.
Ah, damn it.
I got so excited
because you said you're dating your longtime friend.
In my mind, I was just like, oh, what a love.
But then this is a pretty big lie.
Like this is a pretty major lie.
And it tells you that this person is willing to lie about,
and if they'll lie about this,
they'll lie about literally anything for fun.
But they do have a trophy.
Okay, I will not deny the fact
that it is possible to handstand while riding on a horse.
I think it's going to require a pretty fucking good jockey
and a pretty fucking good horse.
A broad horse that has a real flat-backed literal pommel horse
is what we're talking about here.
Is it easier to do that on the ground
that doesn't have shifting meat and bones inside of it?
No, no, no, no, no, of course not.
No, it's-
Counterpoint, counterpoint, counterpoint, counterpoint.
This is gonna have to be a fucking pretty good counterpoint.
Perhaps this boyfriend from birth
was only trained to handstand on a horse.
They have never done it on a flat surface before.
So it's like, maybe he's from a family of fucking trick riders
because otherwise, how do you accidentally get into it?
How, if your family is not horse people, do you at like six
be like, mom, dad, parents, folks, I want a trick ride?
And your parents are like, okay.
Travis, I love you and I know this is all for the joke
and it's a joke show full of goofs and spoofs.
There's no reality in which the first time you try a handstand
it's on a horse that simply does not track.
Cannot be done.
It cannot be-
You're right, you're right, you're right.
A pony, you have to grow up together to establish that trust.
Thank you, Justin.
You are right.
At two years old, you had a new foal.
You handstand on the foal.
You grow up together.
You died and the pony died.
I think if you try to do a handstand on a pony and you die
I think the pony is also sort of summarily killed.
I think the pony's also destroyed.
You killed my boy.
You weak back baby horse.
It's just not true.
It can't be done, it's not.
Okay, the two things that bother me the rest of this.
One, he is objectively lied by saying it's easier on a horse.
That's a lie.
Good on you for your lie detector going off.
As far as proof, there is no reality in which
if I did a handstand on a horse
I would not be wearing a shirt that says take your fucking phone out
and get ready to take a picture of this sick shit I'm about to do.
Everybody would be ready to take a picture of me
doing a handstand on a horse if I was about to do that.
Absolutely.
There would be pictures.
Alternate theory, alternate theory I have now.
This boyfriend is hiding a traumatic handstand horse event similar to-
They're all traumatic.
There's been tops four non-traumatic handstand horse activities.
This is just like in the Kingkiller Chronicles
when it's like Kvothe doesn't do magic anymore.
It doesn't play music and we're all like-
What happened, yeah.
But why?
In book three of your relationship,
book one was longtime friends.
Book two, boyfriend.
Book three, in book three of your relationship with this person
you're going to find out what happened
and oh, it's going to be so, it's-
Listen, I don't want to build this up.
I don't want to give you false hope.
It's going to be the sickest story you've ever heard.
It doesn't matter how long it takes book three
of your relationship to come out.
Take your time.
Horse handstand Patrick Rothfuss.
Take your time and polish it up.
Get it ready.
Get it ready for us.
But it's going to be the fucking sickest shit ever.
Now, in the meantime, don't press your partner too hard here
because this third silence is his.
He'll give you the story when he's ready for it.
But it's going to be incredible.
Incredible.
Do you guys want to yahoo?
Yes, please.
Yes.
This one, well, there's another one that's like-
Give me a name for a thing.
But I feel like we-
Well, we didn't really do that with the jeans
because you fellas didn't really want to play along
and play my game.
Let's just do this one.
Or maybe I'll do two more.
This one's from Irham Waisessa.
Thank you, Irham.
It's by yahoo answer's user, They Are Anonymous.
So I'm going to say also Joey.
Joey is a very curious young man.
Joey asks, what's a good name for a posh all boys school?
Pesto pants.
Travis, God, saucy slacks.
I fucking can't believe you guys.
Okay, a good name.
A good name for a fancy boys school.
Wait, was it posh or fancy?
Posh all boys school.
If you're about to become the headmaster of-
I think we can all agree that's the dream.
How about Professor Xavier's school for okay kids?
And you can go and you can still get the patch.
And yes, we do have a cool futuristic jet, but just the kids are just kind of okay.
How about Lord Zachary Quillington's Institute for Refinement and Math?
Also math.
Also math.
Well, maths, if we're going to get fancy on it.
How about Benedict Cumberbatch's home for sharp faced boys?
Welcome.
So glad you could join us.
Is that him?
I'm Benedict Cumberbatch.
You, doughy faced young man, how did you get in?
Get this dough boy out.
Round features.
I shall leave you in the competent hands of my co-teacher, Eddie Redmayne.
And then Eddie Redmayne just kind of like morphs out of him.
They just sort of like cellularly divide and then they're-
And our sister, Tilda Swinton.
Yes, all of- yeah, excellent.
Take yourself to Brendan Gleason's school for round boys.
Round boys.
That's where you belong, at Brendan's Institute of Ill Repute.
Though fucking when that dodgeball game happened-
That's exactly what I was about to say.
This fucking go-kart race.
Yes.
And think of the hilarious, like one of the sharp faced boys gets hit by a ball, ball deflates.
Ball deflates, hysterical.
That's good, that's solid.
Fucking great.
I don't need- we're done.
No need to go further into this one.
Yeah, that's great.
We answered that.
We helped that person.
We helped someone.
I live in a college dorm and an improv group recently started meeting every night.
No, that's too much improv.
That's too much of it.
It's too much.
Take it from somebody who tried to do that for three weeks straight, making a TV show.
It's too much.
You can't do that much.
You can't be funny, all of it.
The problem is their improv is really bad.
I used to use the common room to cook dinner for myself, but it's hard to focus on cooking the food
that I need to live while they're literally rolling around the ground in front of me.
These are people that I need to face in class the next day.
How can I cope?
That's from Just Hungry in Baltimore.
Oh, fucking shit.
That's a legit problem.
At what point, if one is constantly doing improv, does that differ from just living your life
every day?
Whoa.
Whoa.
Wait, what?
What?
Well, because like every day-
That sounded insightful.
And then my other brain is like-
Yeah, your left lobe was like, no, no, no, that was dumb.
No, no, no.
That didn't make any sense.
But what I'm saying is if you walk into these people doing this every day and you leave and
they're still doing it, how do you know that they're doing an event and that this is just
not the way they've chosen to live their lives?
It doesn't fucking matter.
I'm trying to make my spaghetti over here.
You just bumped into me doing a little skit about how you guys are shoveling coal into
a train engine.
Oh, you fucking punched me while you were doing that.
Why are you doing improv right fucking next to me while I'm trying to live my life?
You know they're so desperate for inputs and prompts that they're definitely going to
incorporate, hey, Luigi, pass me the sauce over here.
I've got to put the pepper in it.
Like, can you just not?
Can you please, please?
Oh, oh, instant ramen again.
Uh oh.
I don't know why I'm doing this.
Michael, you don't need to do that voice right now.
You're right.
You're right.
The problem with cooking your dinner is every night you have to come equipped with a readily
available place, career, and funny situation.
Just call it out.
Anybody, anybody.
I'm the only one here.
It's like the weirdest three billy goats, answer me these riddles three, a place, a
profession, and a food.
This stinks.
Maybe this is like their answer to improv anywhere.
And this is like improv in one specific place forever.
Improv where you are.
Here.
Improv here now.
Now here.
Improv where Jim is making spaghetti.
Improv at Jim.
Just don't.
Improv should be, I get uncomfortable with the improv.
Jim improv.
Fucking shit.
I get uncomfortable with the improv everywhere stuff because it's like improv should be a
thing that I agree to.
I am going to go to an improv tonight.
I said while living in Chicago, not so much here in Austin.
Tonight I will go to an improv and I would go to it.
It cannot come to me because I'm doing other things right now.
I don't have time for you improv.
Oh, time to watch the season finale of Lost.
Are you sure?
Ding dong.
Cuckoo cuckoo.
Uh oh.
Somebody feed that duck.
Stop it.
Stop.
I got to know what happens to Sawyer.
Uh oh.
My toilet's broke.
I've got it.
Don't worry about it.
Stop.
He's stabbing me.
He's stabbing me.
No, I'm not stabbing you.
I'm improv.
Can you not do this?
I'm in a movie with my kid.
We're seeing trolls too.
Can you fucking please not do this in the movies right now?
Excuse me, sir.
I'd like to see your ticket or else I'll have to kick you off the train.
Stop it.
It's not a train.
It's not a train.
I'm at Trolls 2 with my kid.
Please.
Oh, you got to take this and turn it to your advantage.
If you're like, I can't wait to see Trolls 2, but I'm not able to go tonight.
You know, then you go to the common room and you just shout out like Trolls 2.
Then they're just like.
That's good.
Can you guys do how you think Trolls 2 goes?
Let me walk you through Trolls 1.
Okay, so the Bergens have to eat trolls to be happy.
Get comfortable.
There's a lot of twists and turns.
I don't see anybody taking notes.
Folks, that's going to do it for us on our improv show.
If you do improv, I hope I didn't upset you just then.
Never did it.
Don't quite understand the craft.
I know it's not all people doing make-believe professions on each other, but.
Yes, there's heralds involved.
I know that.
Yeah, yeah.
That's part of it.
Anyway, thank you for listening.
So we've got a TV show now.
It's on a service called CISO.
You can get CISO at CISO.com.
That's S-E-E-S-O.com.
They got a free week so you can go check it out and see what you think.
There's a ton of great stuff on there.
And I think you're just going to go gaga over it besides our show.
But in addition to our show, I was going to say, if you've already checked it out,
and you're like, I watched the show.
We just put up a deleted scenes and an eight minute blooper reel for the first episode.
And there's going to be more of that coming.
So even though all six episodes went up on the same day,
there's going to be more bonus content coming out periodically.
Yeah, we're talking like 15 minutes of stuff went up today.
So there's a lot on there.
They've got an app you can get on the Roku and Apple Store.
And you can watch through Amazon Prime.
And you could subscribe to CISO through that.
But check it out.
It's a great service.
And the feedback to our show has just, everybody's been really, really kind about it.
And we just really, really appreciate it.
If it came together at all, by the way, it has only like partially to do with us
and mainly to do with like the amazing people that we work with,
like Greg and Jackie, JD, Seth and Alex and New and everybody,
Steve and everybody who worked on the show.
So thank you to all of them.
And thank you to you all for watching it and letting us know what you think.
I just want to say thank you to everybody for watching it and sharing it with friends.
We've seen a lot of like listening parties, a lot of people like tweeting it,
saying like, I sat down with my wife and she's never listened to the show before.
And she loved it.
Like that kind of stuff makes me so happy to see like people not only supporting our show,
but also like supporting other people seeing it.
It makes me feel very warm and fuzzy inside.
So thank you very much.
I want to thank John Roderick in the long winter,
who used our theme song, It's a Departure, off the album, Putting the Days to Bed,
which I, boy, I hope you've purchased that album in some way now.
They've been letting us use it for almost 350 episodes and it's a really good album.
I think you're really going to dig it.
We also want to say go check out all the other amazing shows
on MaximumFun.org.
There's a ton on there.
A lot of them we're on, but all of them are great.
I'm a big fan of every show on the network.
No exaggeration.
Coming up is the Max Fun Drive, which we'll tell you all about.
But if you're new to the show since last March-ish,
we've got a chance for you coming up to help support this show
and the other shows on Max Fun that you love.
So stay tuned for that.
The important thing is there's going to be a lot of bonus content
and a lot of new stuff for you to listen to.
So it's a very exciting time.
Anything?
Oh, you can go to McElroyShows.com.
Also, if you want to check out all the stuff we're involved in.
I just made it.
Squarespace is not a sponsor this week,
but I made my own website in Squarespace over the weekend.
You did so good, Griffin.
Thank you, Travis.
Great website.
It looks so good that it made me feel like I need to update TravisMcElroy.com.
GriffinMcElroy.com, for a long time,
was just referring to my Tumblr that I never fucking used,
and it was embarrassing, so.
And JustinMcElroy.com is for a Canadian reporter, I believe.
Do you have.org?
Yeah, he got to the.com.
We haven't talked about that recently,
but I don't really appreciate him doing that.
I think.org might be available.
Or.pizza.
I used to have a website.
I did have a website.
You had one for a bit, though.
Yeah, I had one for a grit.
I mean, I have my WordPress.
Yeah, that's weird.
But I don't know, that's weird.
Anyway, don't have the WordPress either,
so don't go hunting for it.
Except on Christmas, apparently updated during Christmas time
with my favorite playlist.
I'm looking at it now.
That's all I have is just Christmas playlists.
That's all of our show.
There's no more of the show.
So this is the end of it.
Here's a final Yahoo from Jeffrey Corbello.
Thank you, Jeffrey.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Please just give me one fucking...
Okay.
ArterUSA's key.
Oh, man, I don't know.
Thank you.
Whatever your name is.
Asks, I'm a fan of Kevin Costner.
Can any of you beat that?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother.
May you kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
My name is Patrick.
My name is Parker.
Max Fun Con has been a huge inspiration in my life.
Now I have this network of friends that I've made that's been literally across the entire
globe and they're some of my favorite people in the world.
I truly cannot believe the amount of wonderful and lasting friendships that have come out
of this.
If you feel like you might not fit in, as long as you're a good person, you'll fit in
because everyone there is good and amazing and kind and wonderful.
And you should absolutely go.
It will be the best decision of your life.
Make a ton of new friends like Parker and Patrick at Max Fun Con.
Tickets for Max Fun Con and Max Fun Con East are on sale now at maxfuncon.com.
