The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the modern
era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I am your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. Dang, you just came right in there with that,
Griffin. I like the authoritativeness, you know what I mean? It's who I am,
and I'm done hiding it behind a bunch of qualifiers. Yes, yes, you are the youngest
brother. My name is Griffin, and I came after these two gentlemen. I was brewed up in the womb
after these two gentlemen, and it's just a fluke that I'm the youngest one. And this is what fucks
me up, and I think about this sometimes. I could have been Justin. Do you guys know what I'm saying?
Then who would Justin be? I don't know, either you or me. But do you understand what I'm saying?
Like, what if I came together first and Justin was the youngest? It's just like, right?
I am okay with picturing you as the oldest and Justin as the youngest. I cannot think of myself
as anyone but the middlest. I'd love to have your youth, Griffin. I'm so envious. I'm covetous of
your youth. I'd love another chance at these last seven years. Do you guys ever think about the fact
that I get the best of both? That I'm not the oldest or the littlest? Yeah, not the smartest,
not the most virile. But I'm also not the least smartest or the least virile, right?
No, you're just kind of there. Your virility is just not. Listen, what I am, I'm the RPG character
that doesn't get a lot of bonuses but gets like plus one to everything. Yeah, but you think like,
he could be whatever he wants. He could be anything. Yeah. And then he doesn't. But then it's
like, where did it go wrong? Well, I don't think anyone has ever looked at me and thought he could
be anything. But I find that they've maybe looked at me and thought- No, certainly not. You didn't
need to clarify that. No, but I think people might've looked at me and thought, I bet he could
be mediocre at anything. Like I think that he could be a pretty average to slightly below average
lawyer, right? Sure. So the king rolls up and he's like, oh, we need the most virile knight in the
land. And I'm like, I got this one guys. And I walk off and then the queen comes up and is like,
we need the most wise and sorcerer in the land. And Justin's like, don't worry guys, I got this.
But then that's all the royalty that there is. No, but then, oh, excuse me. But then perhaps
a Duke rolls up and says, I just, I'm on a budget and I need a good kind of catch all knight. And
I'm like, I am the one for you. Listen, I'm a jack of all trades, master of none.
The prince is like, I need someone to carry my packages back from ye gap.
Now you've lost the, I feel like you lost the metaphor a little bit, Justin.
Is that me? Cause I am the strongest.
No, you're not the strongest. You just are strong enough to carry a package.
Justin's the strongest. Justin's the strongest?
Yeah. Strongest, smartest, bravest, coolest.
My head is like a shark's fin.
I need someone to carry my light packages from the gap and half impregnate my wife.
Yep. That's me.
That's Travis. I can do both of those. But see, that's the thing. If someone said,
I need someone to carry packages and impregnate my wife, everyone would be like,
I can do one of those. And Justin would say, I can do one of those. And I would say,
I can be mediocre at both of those.
Well, no, I could do, I could half impregnate twice because I'm fully,
I'm Herbie fully loaded over here.
I mean, yes, that is true. Go to the doctor.
What the fuck are we talking about? It feels like we're flying without a net a little bit.
I'm loving it. I'm loving the energy. It's an exciting energy. It's an exciting time
for no one. And we hope you are hanging in there with just like the world and stuff.
We got a big show for you today. We've never done this before.
You know what? You fucking jinxed me. You jinxed me because I was like,
this is just easy free flow conversation. And then you were like, it's a show.
We're like, oh no. Okay. I'm fucking James Corden now.
We got the McElroy house band here.
Let me hear you guys.
You guys heard about this? Denny's has a new special.
Oh, it's time for doing Munch Squad and Denny's is doing a new thing.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show, Rosario Dawson.
Oh, wow.
It's a big gift.
Hey, it's me, Jake the snake. I got my big snake here to do tricks for you.
Animal expert Jake the snake is here to show us his collection of reptiles.
I've got three snakes. One, two.
I'm into herpetology. I don't wrestle anymore. I got into actual snakes.
Let's get into the advice.
Yeah.
We've waited long enough.
This Monday I came home from my first shift back at work since the start of the apocalypse
to find that all my posters about 15 had been flipped upside down.
I have three younger siblings and a friend staying with me this summer.
No one will confess.
How do I find the flipper or at least get them to anonymously write the posters?
That's from poster problem in the purple mountains.
Wow. This is an easy one.
Flip them back over and then when the person who did this ill-conceived prank sees that you have
fixed it without even acknowledging that the prank has happened,
they will feel a sense of shame that will be so heavy.
It will be like a boulder has landed on them.
There is nothing worse.
The worst possible outcome to pulling a prank is that the other person is just kind of mildly
annoyed by it and doesn't even like acknowledge.
If you act like it made you sad, that's great.
That could be cool.
No, the worst possible outcome to a prank is somebody dies.
Somebody dies.
No, no, no.
Okay.
The worst possible outcome to a prank is everybody dies.
Okay, yes.
That is the worst possible outcome to everything.
Or every all life.
Just all life is extinction.
Mass extinction is the worst possible outcome of a prank.
Yes.
Oh no, I put a bucket of water on top of a door frame
and it fell and somehow cracked the earth in half.
It fell onto a molten.
Yeah, right.
Exactly.
You hit it in just the right way.
The earth's got a glass jaw right there.
Ashton made Beyonce think she knocked the Christmas tree over,
but it unearthed some sort of turbo virus.
Yeah, that's the worst possible outcome.
I prank called someone a random dial number.
It was Cthulhu.
He got pissed.
It was actually a nuclear launch code somehow.
I don't know how that worked.
But right behind that is being embarrassed because your prank was just sort of like
brushed off annoyance by somebody else.
So just flip these posters right back over.
You're going to like the way you look, I guarantee it.
Next question.
You know what, I will say there is an opportunity for a poster whodunit here.
Okay.
And this could be a good mystery to cut your teeth on as a detective because-
Everybody's always looking for that first big case.
For Nancy Drew and her friends, it was when the city girl's doll went missing at the slumber party
and she and the other members of the Clue crew got together and found the missing Hollywood Halle doll.
And of course, Encyclopedia Brown's first case, it was Bugs Meanie and Bezzling.
And Encyclopedia got him.
Got him.
But what I'm saying is the stakes are very low here.
So if you do fail to solve it, you know, now you have a first case to look back on when you're like,
you know, your close rate is 100% and people are like, ah, they always get it.
They always get their person.
And you're like, not this one time.
It's what haunts me.
It's what drives me.
I'm like, oh no, did like a kidnapper get away or like a murderer?
And you're like, a poster flipper.
And I'm like, well, that's not so bad.
And you're like, yeah, I know.
It doesn't haunt me a lot.
Just a little bit of haunting.
It's just so low stakes.
You have the opportunity here to dish out such a gnarly riposte,
such a gnarly little parry counter-attack that like will completely...
I remember one April Fool's Day when we were young, I tried to do some pranks on Travis,
who I shared a room with at the time.
And like one of the pranks, I remember this very clearly,
is I took down whatever calendar you had.
I think it was like a nerd-ass Xanth calendar, which hasn't aged well.
And I replaced it with like your nerd-ass Xena calendar.
And I was like, gotcha, motherfucker.
And you were like, yeah, that's my Xena.
Travis only reads his calendar as far as the X at the very beginning.
Right.
So he didn't even notice.
He didn't even notice.
But really this last 15 seconds or so was just me viciously dragging
young Travis for happy Xena ends.
Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize.
I mean, I'm embarrassed by Xanth because it didn't age well.
Right.
But I'm not embarrassed by liking things, Griffin.
I enjoy things.
I'm a fan.
Sure.
You want to list some other?
I also like Supernatural.
Oh, do you?
Oh, you what?
Oh, Travis, you like...
But I didn't know you were a Supernatural fan.
Oh, I hadn't mentioned it?
Can I do a Yahoo?
Yes, please.
I like that, I think.
This one was sent in by lots of folks.
It's from anonymous Yahoo Answers user who I am gonna call Xena.
Asks...
Asks, do you...
Sorry, Travis, not real.
Oh.
Do you miss the days when it was still popular to shop at Sears?
Yes.
That was a cool era.
Yeah, I mean, I worked at a Sears.
Worked at a Sears.
Yeah.
Wait, is that true?
Yeah, it's true.
At the Land's End department, correct?
In the Land's End department.
And I remember.
And I would say you worked at a Land's End that was eaten by a Sears that was eaten by a mall.
Sure.
And I'll tell you what, it was cool in there every day for a while.
It was like, I remember I'd be there and I'd look over and I'd be like,
is that Ray Liotta shopping in the Land's End department?
And it was, because it was cool to shop at Sears.
And there's no one cooler than Ray Liotta who I need to now make a point of order.
Just a quick Google.
Make sure to eat.
I know nothing about Ray Liotta.
So if he's done some bad stuff, I take it all back.
He hasn't done Xanth himself.
Yeah, boy, Sears is a, I never necessarily understood Sears.
Cause it's like where I went to get my inexpensive suit jackets for Cotillion.
But also if we needed some new bedding and also some grill tools.
Yeah.
I don't necessarily love that all of that is in the same location.
Sears is like the Travis McElroy of stores in that they don't really excel at any one thing,
except Land's End clothing.
Right.
That was fine.
Yeah.
But it wasn't like, oh, who has the best fill in the blank?
And the answer is not Sears.
But if you're like, I only want to go to one place.
Oh, good news.
Good news.
It's Sears.
It's weird to be.
I don't think, is Sears gone?
Sears has got to be gone.
If Sears ain't gone now, there's no way it's going to get through the unpleasantness.
I mean, Sears is around, but like many Sears are not.
Like Sears in Huntington closed in August last year.
Wow.
So it's been a little bit.
Man, it was, I'm thinking about it though.
It was fucking cool to shop at Sears.
Right?
I mean, the one in Huntington was next to the Quidoba and the Books of Millions.
So that's cool.
Yeah.
Uh, cause you could get kind of like, get us, get a book to read and enjoy, get a snack
and some chips at Quidoba and then go get yourself a socket wrench at Sears and just
have an afternoon, make an afternoon of it.
That's a nice shopping experience.
That was so cool.
I cannot tell you how many times I have needed to buy the hot new John Grisham book and fucking
bust up a burrito and also buy a socket wrench and a webbed belt at the same store.
And luckily that little corner of the mall always had my back, didn't it?
You got to get that hot new socket wrench because you're like, I got this old busted
socket wrench at home.
It doesn't have all the new features.
So they have the new ergonomics.
I, um, I did a quick Google to double check the date on the Sears closing in the Huntington
mall.
And, uh, I just, I didn't want to say Google, the Google maps listing says temporarily close.
You fucking go for it Sears.
Fuck yeah, dude.
You'd never know.
You might be like, fire it back up.
These people need washers and shorts.
Let's go do it again.
Last time I went to a Sears here in Austin, I needed, I did need a belt and I went to
like the dress clothes section and they had just sort of a big metal garbage can full
of belts and it feels like Sears is a lot of Sears are just kind of making it up as
they go along.
It feels like Sears always kind of has more stuff than it knows what to do with.
And sometimes it dishes them up, um, uncooked, let's say in a, in a big garbage can.
Did you try the Land's End department, Griffin, to see if they had any belts?
The Land's End department was in incredible condition, Travis.
Everything was, uh, it was like a museum for outdoor wear.
Yep.
That was our motto.
Um.
Fuck Macy's.
Fuck Macy's though.
Wow.
Whoa.
Just kidding.
They're the same store.
Um, they're basically, um, I.
You know, nobody's making, nobody's starting new department stores anymore.
It's weird.
Yeah, it's, it's bizarre.
I guess Amazon, um, there was a quote in, um, there's a quote in the, the WCHS story
and I'm sorry to cheat on Rob Johnson by not talking about WSCC, but in the WSCC story
about the Sears one closing, they captured, they got, I got a quote from the manager of
the Huntington Mall, formerly Joe Johnson, our, our, uh, uh, down the block neighbor
now, uh, replaced with, uh, Vals and Tenno and Vals and Tenno, um, a human, as he's always
quick to point out to anybody who hears his name, Vals and Tenno says, everybody knows
Sears for good or for bad.
Whoa.
Drag him.
Fucking get him, Val.
Damn.
Anyway.
Anyway, how about another.
It's a pretty, pretty sick.
Oh, fucking Sears.
Don't get me started.
Uh, yeah, uh, I would love that.
Uh, I visited my local CVS a couple of weeks back.
While there, one of the clerks asked me the name of the cologne I was wearing.
I didn't know what it was called, but I told him I'd come back in a couple of days and
let him know.
When I returned to the store, the clerk was nowhere to be found.
I returned to the store about once a week since then, but I haven't ran into that clerk
again.
Does he still want to know the name of my cologne?
How do I get this information to him?
Should I just give up my quest?
That's from CVS Cologne Conundrum.
It's weird that you don't know the name of the cologne you wear.
Presumably you have to pick up this bottle every day, right, to squirt it on you.
Right.
That, this may be an indication that it's time to practice some mindfulness in your
day-to-day life, maybe.
Stop going through the motions and really read your bottle of cologne every day.
That would be step one.
I don't think you should give up this quest because he wouldn't have asked if he didn't
want to know.
Why would someone ask something that they don't want to know?
He clearly is dying to know the name of your cologne, and it seems like you guys, much
like the hit film Serendipity, are just barely missing each other until you reconnect in
that magic moment and you're like, it's just like a body spray.
It's like an axe thing.
It's like an axe.
Oh my god, you're there.
It's fucking bod.
I found an old bottle of bod and I'm wearing bod.
Oh, thank god.
It was pretty viscous.
I had to scoop it out with a tongue depressor.
It didn't, it wouldn't, it wouldn't spray anymore.
It was all gummed up.
It's like a bod jam and it's, it goes on smooth.
Two, I have two thoughts that kind of dovetail into each other.
One, don't tell anyone the name of the cologne that you're wearing.
I certainly wouldn't because the last thing I want is other people out there smelling
like me, you know, and like stealing my profile, doing whatever the fuck they want with it,
robbing banks with a mask on.
That masked robber sure smelled like Griffin and then I'm in jail.
Yeah.
But the other thing is that you always have the opportunity when somebody asks you what
scent you're wearing to say like, oh, I'm not wearing anything, you silly.
Oh yeah.
This is my fair man's.
That's just, that's just me.
Also, it's been a long time since I bought cologne, but I remember that I would never
tell anybody the name of the cologne I was wearing because I can't remember the last
time I heard the name of a cologne and thought, that's a cool name of a thing to say out loud.
Yeah.
I mean, for a while, because I was a person in the 90s and early 2000s, I wore Curve.
Oh yeah.
And then for a while I got bored because everyone was wearing Curve.
So I started wearing him Bora Bora.
Oh yeah.
Oh, going on a trip.
Yeah.
There's just, I don't know a cool name.
Like what you could be like, what scent, what is that cologne?
And you would say a word and be like, oh, that was a cool thing to say out loud with
your face.
Yeah.
I mean, I did briefly have a stint where I tried on 23 by Michael Jordan when I tried
out for the high school basketball team because I was dressing for the job that I wanted.
But I was terribly allergic to this scent.
Did Michael Jordan start 23 and me?
He did.
Yeah.
And originally it was a sort of program where he would fly to your house and he would show
you some of his favorite shots that he can take from like different places.
And also swab the inside of your cheek, but just cause.
Yeah.
That was just for him.
Griff, do you have another Yahoo?
I do have a Yahoo here and this one was sent in by Emma Cant.
Thank you, Emma, crushing it.
It's another anonymous Yahoo answers user.
Put your fucking name on your work, Michael Jordan asks.
Ooh, what a gift.
Titanic was such an excellent movie that it's hard to critique anything about it.
But what is something small you would critique about it?
I didn't like that the boat broke.
The boat breaks, it's like, what were you doing?
Yeah, they spend this whole movie like getting us way into the boat and way into like the
people on it.
And then they're just like, twist, the boat broke.
And you know, Jimmy Cameron like spent a bunch of money building this huge boat prop and
then he accidentally broke it and was like, I don't know, we got to keep making it.
Because they talked throughout the movie a lot about how the boat is unbreakable.
They're like, this is an unbreakable boat.
And then they break it.
And it's like, that's bad writing because like you said it was unbreakable.
You lied.
You are an unreliable narrator.
You said that the boat was unbreakable and then you broke it.
That's like having a murder mystery where it's just like, they didn't do it, but then
they did do it.
Well, you know that, you know why that happened, right?
Why?
This is actually pretty well established Hollywood lore.
I heard it.
I think I heard it on Blake Chuck.
He wrote like two thirds of a movie about these two people falling in love on the Titanic
and he couldn't come up with an ending.
And he's like, God, I've written so many fucking pages of this thing.
And then he's like, maybe, and then maybe what if the boat had sunk?
And everybody's like, are you kidding?
He's like, no, but what if it had sunk?
Well, and everybody's like, the Titanic was fine and is still fine to this day,
shoveling people back and forth.
And Jimmy's like, but what if it?
What if it broke and sunk to the bottom?
What if it broke and that was the end of the love story I did?
I also don't like that they don't end up together.
It sucks.
And this is my main problem with the movie.
If I'm going to, and it's a fucking great flick and it's like impossible to critique it.
But if I were to critique it, I would say that it spends a great deal of time
making me fall in love with all of these amazing characters like Jack and Kathy Bates.
And Billy Zane.
And Billy Zane.
And then like most of them die.
And it's like, why did you just spend like two and a half hours making me like get to know
Kathy Bates' character name only to kill her off, I think maybe at the end of the movie.
That's a fucking great.
Okay, Griffin, you have actually hit on something.
It fucking sucks.
It's a waste of my time.
Unintentionally, you've hit on something because the two main characters,
Jack Dawson and Rose, should have been Rose Dawson.
They should have gotten married.
Should have gotten married on the boat.
There was a captain right there.
You know, real quick.
I do want to just as long as I want to get to my point.
But Bill Paxton's character was named Brock Lovett.
And that is that is one of the few characters who is a complete invention by Jimmy Cameron.
So he's just like, what would be a good name for an undersea explorer?
I got it.
Brock Lovett.
Well, he said the name is Brock and someone said Lovett.
And he said, yeah, okay, perfect.
Exactly.
Good.
It's the Titanic sucks because you're getting invested in those characters, right?
And then towards the end, spoilers, but towards the end, the boat break and everybody sink into ocean.
And dies.
That actually made me sad.
Right.
And that's like, it was so stupid because I want to I want to watch movie to feel good.
Right.
Right.
But you actually you fucked up because it made me sad.
Yeah.
Why did you waste all this time?
What they should have done?
I'm going to fix it real quick.
Yeah.
What it should have done is if Leonardo DiCaprio had been a real dingus the entire time.
Right.
Like he kept like, you know, like stuff like stealing Rose's wallet.
Yeah.
She wasn't paying attention and putting taking your dog and like your dog overboard.
Yeah.
Just kicking Kathy Bates every time she's on like just walking out.
Yes, I love that.
Exactly. Yeah, exactly.
Like putting out lit cigarettes and Billy Zane's bald head and he even did all this shit.
And then that would have kicked ass because when she shoved him off the door,
you would have been like, fuck, yes, get him.
And then she could have said something cool like, you know what?
We're breaking up and shoved him off the door.
Yeah.
Or how about this, Travis?
How about this?
How about when she's like, hey, you're dumped.
And then as he sank into the ocean and it's like, you'd feel good.
You would feel good if they did that.
And can I make one more note?
Can I make one more note?
I'd love to keep fixing Titanic for sure.
They're steering the boat, the captain's steering and he's doing a great job.
I think driving the boat is the actual proper.
But he's like, I'm going to steer it right next to this big iceberg
so everyone can get a good look at the iceberg.
And then maybe there's like a clumsy crewman who like, whoa, and he bumps the wheel.
And that's what makes it go into it.
So it's like, oh, this was like completely avoidable if it wasn't for like clumsy Steve
and like clumsy Steve like runs into the wheel.
And then, so it's kind of funny for a second.
And it's like a big like, whoa.
That could be really good.
Do you know what would be like fucking cooler?
I want to fix it more, okay?
Yeah.
What if you cut down the stuff with Jack and Rose to about five minutes of the movie?
And I think, and I think we all know which five minutes.
As long as they're there, by the way.
Then when he was done drawing her, he should have said, now draw me.
His dick and his balls.
Three, okay, so five minutes of it is that.
And the other three hours and 10 minutes is you animate the iceberg
and give it like, make it talk about all its hopes and dreams and shit.
And then when the boat comes, you're like, oh, fuck no.
No, not the iceberg.
I see the iceberg.
He's about to get hit by a boat.
Get out of the way, Icy.
And you'll just be screaming about that.
Those people will keep going.
You won't give a fuck about that.
They can all think for all you care.
All you care about is like, is Icy okay?
And here's the thing about this version.
He is.
Oh, okay.
He's fine.
He's cool.
Maybe he doesn't even notice.
You feel happy about it.
You like that.
Can I give one more note?
Well, let me do one because I haven't gotten to tell a joke in a while.
Okay.
They also could have done, they could have had their cake and eat it too
where Jack's sinking into the bottom of the ocean and dying.
And all of us are like, wait a minute.
This movie is making me feel pretty bad right now.
But then he wakes up on the boat still not broken.
And it was a dream and looks over and him and Rose just finished like hooking up again.
Yeah, and they get married and like, she looks at him and is like, what's wrong, my love?
It seems like you're having a bad dream.
He was like, I was, but now it's over.
And guess what?
And he holds up the big blue diamond necklace.
He says, I got the treasure.
And then that's the end of the movie.
And then, you know, like he got the treasure and gets like, they're going to have a lot of money
whenever they get off the boat and they're going to have a cool ride.
And they'll return in Titanic 2, Teutonic.
But in the Titanic we got, which now I'm thinking about it is a shit flick.
It sucks.
The more we pick at some of the loose threads, I don't even feel like the cinema sins on this one
went far enough because it's like, there's some really bad ones.
We start out with Brock fuck it.
And he's like, I'm going to find the big treasure to get lots of money.
And you're like, oh, that would be fucking cool.
I can't wait to watch this.
I love movies about like finding cool treasures.
And then you watch this whole movie thinking like, when is the treasure going to come into play?
And then they like tease at it a few times.
And then she is wearing it in the nudity sequence.
And then like at the, and then at the, and the whole time, all these people die.
And you're like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But like, is Brock going to get the cool treasure or not?
And then at the very end, she throws it in the water.
No, thank you.
What's the point of this movie?
I would like to add a little bit to that scene to fix it.
Well, not to fix it, but just to kind of highlight it for a moment.
Because I think she should, well, she shouldn't drop it in the ocean.
But if she does drop it in the ocean, her daughter, who is also there,
should walk out and say, hey, did you just throw that priceless gem in the ocean?
You have a family.
You have a family.
You could have given that to me.
And that really would have helped, you know, our financials.
I live in a crude tit that I fashioned together from those drawings of yours
that you gave me of yourself naked.
I have to live in a crude tit made out of naked drawings of you.
Please just sell the neck.
What the fuck?
You've had that this whole time?
When dad needed surgery and we had to do a GoFundMe,
you had a fucking heart of the ocean?
We could have sold?
But then she says, no, no, no, no.
Look down there.
It's a shithead whale.
And you look down and she landed it right in his blowhole and he died.
That's pretty good.
I named him Jack after another shithead I knew that died also.
Can I get one more note?
He's been Mad Dog in our boat here this whole time.
But don't worry, I took care of it.
I have one more note.
I have one more note.
Yeah, please.
I think they should have hooked up in a cooler car.
Yeah, that old busted joint that they hooked up in.
That raggedy old car that they had was absolutely embarrassing.
Picture this, a sick, like, firebird.
Like, oh, yeah.
Like, oh, with the top down.
And maybe they're blasting, like, some Eagles music while they're, like, doing it.
Travis, look out above.
Fucking Oscars are falling off of you.
Oh my god.
And what would be dope is, like, when the hand comes up and, like, slaps the window
and wipes some of the steam off the window of the Bugatti that they're shagging in,
you see now through the cleared window, Kathy Bates is just, like, looking in there like,
great.
Oh my god, I just got a fax from Jimmy.
He said, Justin would love for you to walk through the beats on Av2.
Yeah, all right.
See, make sure.
I'm thinking about delaying it just so I can really crack this nut.
What if Avatar 2 was just a sequel, like, a backdoor sequel to Titanic,
where they got in there and it was, like, a VR session?
Stop it.
Avatar is a perfect film.
Never seen it.
It's not a piece of shit like Titanic.
Avatar is perfect.
Yeah, because it's bad.
They have badass fights and it makes you feel good at the end of it.
It's weird.
I think it's time for a Titanic reboot.
The good news is, because of our incredible fortune in becoming Jimmy's sort of dudes behind
the scenes pulling all the strings, we no longer require the money from our advertisers.
That's wonderful news for us.
Yes.
And it's also wonderful news for this week's charity that we've selected.
Yeah, this week we are donating our ad revenue to the Foundation for Black Women's Wellness,
which is all about supporting and advocating for black women and their families during,
well, especially right now during the COVID-19 pandemic, but it's all about, you know,
supporting those families and keeping them safe and healthy all the time.
So you can read about it.
We'll have a link to that in the episode description.
Perfect.
Let's go to the Money Zone.
I want to talk about Honey.
I love the stuff.
Comes from bees.
Don't get people confused.
Honey is an online service that you plug into your web browser and when you're shopping online,
you're about to check out, there's a little Honey pops up and it's like, hey, can I save
you some money real quick?
And you're like, sure, I guess.
And that's Honey for you.
Are you reading?
This ad copy is out of control.
I'm reading the ad copy now and that's what threw me?
Okay, so this is the fucking ad copy for Honey.
In case you, okay, it saves you a lot of money when you're shopping online.
You should absolutely get Honey.
But listen to this.
This is the ad copy that they sent to us.
Only one sponsor could properly ring in 20 Honey.
Honey, the free online shopping tool packed back by PayPal that gets straight to business
by automatically finding the best promo codes when you shop online.
Just download Honey, shop like normal, click apply coupons and watch the prices drop.
Outstanding.
Outstanding.
Thank you for your inspiring work, Honey.
I don't like direct addressing Honey.
It makes me feel like a sleazy boss from the 60s.
But anyway, I have had to buy a few tools lately when I have been checking out.
I've used Honey and I've saved like 50 bucks just this week via Honey.
You're just losing money if you don't use it.
It's free.
It installs in seconds.
It's super easy to use.
Just go to joinhoney.com slash brother.
That's joinhoney.com slash brother.
Give it a try.
You will not be sad that you did.
You'll be happy.
The opposite, happy you did.
Well, I don't want to get, you know what I mean?
Listen, you live in now, you won't be happy, but you won't be sad.
How's that?
Uh, hey, stamps.com is going to get you stamps without you needing to go to the post office.
And that's like, that's let's just put the tiger on the table and yell at it.
You don't need to go to the post office to get stamps for, you know, your letters or
packages or whatever, because stamps.com brings all the services of the US Postal Service right
to your own home or your office or wherever you're, you're laid up right now.
Stamps.com has all the services, the US Postal Service, except it's in your computer.
And so that's pretty cool.
Uh, use your computer and like on reboot.
Yeah, basically like reboot.
So you have all kinds of mail carriers that live in there and
they play all your video games for you.
Uh, stamps.com will help you print official US postage for any letter, any package, any
class of mail, anywhere you want to send it 24 seven, no questions asked.
I don't know that last part.
They may ask a couple of questions to make sure the mail gets to the right place.
But anyway, once it's ready, you just leave your mail for the mail carrier and you, or
you schedule a free package pickup or you drop it in a mailbox.
You don't have to touch anybody, which is great.
Also, you can get a pretty cool discounts too with stamps.com.
Five cents off every first class stamp and up to 62% off of shipping rates.
Right now you can get a special offer.
Well, that's a four week trial plus free postage and a digital scale without any long-term
commitment.
Just go to stamps.com, click on the microphone at the top of the homepage, type in my brother.
All one word that's stamps.com.
Enter my brother.
Stay safe, my friends.
Listen, I'm going to talk about Warby Parker in a second.
But first, do you guys ever think about the mythology that Reboot was building that was
every time you played a game on your computer, you were putting the residents of your computer
at risk?
Every time.
Okay.
That's a weird thing.
Oh, you want to play that cool racing game?
Murderer.
Yeah.
Now, back to Warby Parker.
Warby Parker was founded with the goal to create boutique quality eyewear at
revolutionary price points.
And they did it.
I, this is not a joke, am wearing Warby Parkers right now.
And if you're like me and Griffin and not Justin-
Why would that be a joke?
What?
Why would that be a joke?
That would be a really shitty, not funny joke.
If I said like no bullshit.
Listen, this is a no bullshit zone.
I'm wearing Warby Parkers.
They probably don't love the cursing and stuff.
No bullcorn.
It's a family company, Travis.
The Warby Parker's on my face right now.
They're adorning my nose and improving my vision.
And Griffin wears glasses too, and Justin does not.
And the end of Travis' book report on who wears glasses.
My favorite thing is Warby Parker doesn't just offer glasses.
They also offer sunglasses, which I require to see when it is bright outside.
They also have contact lenses and eye exams.
They're committed to providing exceptional vision care online and in stores.
We have a Warby Parker store here in Cincinnati.
So I love them.
They're comfortable and they have sizes big enough to fit my giant head,
which I really appreciate.
And they're stylish and cool.
Warby Parker is committed to providing exceptional vision care online and in stores.
The glasses start at $95.
It includes prescription lenses.
And like I said, they have sunglasses, progressive and blue light lenses.
So try Warby Parker's free home try-on program.
Order five pairs of glasses to try on at home for free for five days.
There's no obligation to buy.
Ships free and includes a prepaid return shipping label.
Try five pairs of glasses at home for free at warbyparker.com slash my brother.
Welcome back to Fireside Chat on KMAX.
With me in studio to take your calls is the dopest duo on the West Coast,
Oliver Wong and Morgan Rhodes.
Go ahead, caller.
Hey, I'm looking for a music podcast that's insightful and thoughtful,
but like also helps me discover artists and albums that I've never heard of.
Yeah, man.
It sounds like you need to listen to Heat Rocks every week.
Myself and I'm Morgan Rhodes and my co-host here, Oliver Wong,
talk to influential guests about a canonical album that has changed their lives.
Guests like Moby, Open Mic Eagle,
talk about albums by Prince, Joni Mitchell, and so much more.
Yo, what's that show called again?
Heat Rocks, deep dives into hot records.
Every Thursday on Maximum Fund.
So a brief story before we move on.
Last month, which seems like 100,000 years ago,
we recorded a brief interview with our dear friend, Dr. James Buffett,
about life and how to stay calm in the face of calamity.
Home summer vibes.
Yeah, summer vibes and a little bit about his new album,
Life on the Flipside, that came out last month.
And then in the face of the Black Lives Matter protests
and just everything going on,
it didn't seem like a great time to be encouraging people to relax.
To live in island time, necessarily.
Yes, exactly.
And I would argue that it is still not that,
but we still think it's important to take a little bit of time to breathe
just so you can get back out there.
And when you need a second to breathe,
there's nobody better than Jimmy Buffett to help you do that.
So let's check in with Jimmy.
We're joined by, for an update on progress of coronavirus research,
we're joined by lead researcher, Dr. James Buffett.
Dr. Buffett, how is work going on the antidote for coronavirus?
Have you almost got this thing figured out?
Uh, yes, I do.
It's, uh, it's jellyfish.
Jellyfish?
Where we least expected it.
The venom of the jellyfish,
or is it part of like a diet, a sort of dietary situation?
I think that it's the venom.
I'm not supposed to say.
Oh, okay, yeah, you want to keep it out.
You know what's going to happen now,
they're going to say,
Jimmy Buffett's found it.
Why did y'all open this?
And I actually responded to that question.
I'm just guessing here, Jimmy,
and this is Jessica, this is related to nothing,
but have you been awarded any honorary doctorates
from any universities?
Are you Dr. Jimmy Buffett yet?
I am, I am.
Yes, I knew it.
Wait, I got one in here.
Maybe it's in the room.
Just got him lying around.
Just like, reach out.
It's a pile of honorary doctorates.
I swear to God, it might be.
He's got one under a wobbly table leg somewhere.
No, no, oh no.
That's the CMA award for, uh, where was it?
Country Music Association Musical of the Year.
I don't know what the fuck that is.
Okay.
No, but I do.
I have a doctorate of music from the University of Miami.
Nice.
All right.
They don't disown something.
Dr. Jimmy Buffett says, Jellyfish, uh, how are you, uh,
how are you handling it?
How are you, how are you dealing with it?
You know, it's funny.
No matter how good things are in my life,
I usually have the thought,
well, I bet Jimmy Buffett's probably having more fun
than I am right now.
And I feel like this period is the one shot I have
where maybe at any given moment,
I might be having more fun than you are.
Just in, in one moment, one, no, you're shaking your head.
No, no.
I bet you've been in just like some boring place.
You're probably in Cleveland or something.
You're stuck, landlocked in Cleveland.
Malibu.
Dang it.
Dang it, Jimmy.
This is my chance.
Stuck in Malibu.
Now I have heard Cleveland referred to as the Malibu of Ohio.
Listen, I couldn't agree more.
Listen, I'm very, you know, they've been very,
very good to me in the state of Ohio.
Yeah.
For a couple of days there, I was climbing the walls,
but I'll tell you what it was.
Uh, I read this article early on.
You know who Scott Kelly is?
You know, the astronaut?
No.
He's an astronaut, right?
He's that astronaut.
Thank you.
Thanks, Travis.
He was, he is the man that has spent the longest,
the human that has spent the longest time in space.
Look at us all out here now.
It could be pretty like locked in,
but when you're on the space station.
Right.
The interesting thing was the common sense things
he put out there kind of calmed me down
and it made me think of long sailing voyages that I did.
And that's exactly what I did,
because like when I used to do long trips,
you know, you know, thousand miles or so down from Newport
to British Virgin Islands or to St. Barts or from Lauderdale,
still a long trip, you know, and you're on your own out there.
So the way it usually started out was a party at the dock
and you got a little drunk and you were hungover when you left
and they go, and it pretty much never,
uh, never ceased to fail that something major on your boat would break
or a huge storm would hit you in the first day or two
while you're still trying to get over your hangover.
And there are times probably I was weeping to myself,
but I should be back on shore eating eggs,
vented into the force.
He said, why am I out here?
Then you have to kind of slap yourself in the face and go,
hey, get it together and get in the groove.
And you do.
I just want to say, Dr. Buffett,
this might go completely against your entire ethos,
but the idea of being hungover on a boat during a storm
sounds like the worst thing in the world to me.
This is the worst thing I can imagine.
No, there's something worse.
Hungover on stage in front of 10,000 people.
I don't do that anymore.
Listen, that was one of the, please, baby Jesus,
if you let the adrenaline get in here and let me get through this,
I swear to God, I will never do this again.
That happened at about 50, and I haven't done it since.
So we have a few more, like a decade and a half of good,
hard living ahead of us before we have to.
Yeah, don't go there yet.
I'm not saying stop today.
Hey, it has been seven years since you've released a studio record.
I think Songs for Sale Somewhere was the last one.
Why, and now you are back with Life on the Flip side.
How do you know when it's time for you to put out a record?
Do you wait till you have enough songs, you decide,
yeah, I got to sit down and focus on this long enough to do one?
You know what, Justin, it's a little bit of both because,
you know, I was having a lot of fun being Jimmy,
but in the meantime, there was work going on,
which was the musical that took a lot of time.
And that was the first four months of the year and then touring.
And then we were immediately into preparing it for the road.
So between that and then all of a sudden jumping into the Kygo world
and becoming what they anointed me, the godfather of Tropical House,
I enjoyed playing around in there.
So I was kind of, you know, my creative stuff is going in those directions.
And, you know, before that, other things were doing it.
And then it's the time flies, then you went, damn, it's been seven years.
And we were starting to write and I had some pretty good songs.
And we, you know, it was a great thing.
But the Coral River Band, we loved being in the studio.
I mean, some of the best times I ever played music was in that studio with my band
because we built that little studio in Key West.
And that's kind of our little magic spot.
And so we went, hell yeah, let's concentrate for the rest of the time on writing
and go in in January and do a record.
Let's see what it does.
You know, we've always, when we made an album, it wasn't trying to get famous or get successful.
Thank God that's happened.
So I don't have anything to prove out there.
But we just wanted to make a record that, you know, if you liked what we do,
you can add this to your collection.
So that was the driving force. And when we got into it, we, you know,
as you do something like that, I wasn't working on any other things
and I concentrated for the last seven months on writing songs.
We don't have like a specific like question from the audience
like we usually do for these guest segments.
Is anybody listening?
There's a small diehard contingent of fans.
You can't keep a fan base with quality music.
You can't keep a fan base with quarantine.
Well, they've all realized they could be baking bread
instead of listening to our show.
And they're like, wait, this is more interesting.
Yeah, they've all picked up new hobbies and left us behind.
But that kind of goes into the question.
We also had Liz Gilbert on the show during this quarantine
and sort of talked to her about the same thing.
And I'm curious your thoughts like how you remain creative,
like how you are sort of fostering that part of yourself in the midst of all of this.
Because I know there's like a lot of our listeners
who have all this time in their hands
and feel like they should be using it to make something,
but don't really are finding it tough to sort of get up the guts to actually do it.
You know, I've missed a few days, but I've been pretty true to it.
And that is the first thing is, you know, to look at how we can keep our fan base,
which already was up there like looking at our Wednesday and Saturday shows.
You know, we were a little bit ahead of the curve there
with Margaritaville TV and Radio Margaritaville
because we, you know, we can't go out.
Everybody kind of gathered there.
And so we had a locked in audience.
And so we wanted to entertain them.
So we've been, that was one thing.
And we're still doing that.
And the other thing was I started playing guitar more and going over jazz chords.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
And I got, well, I got this guitar.
I don't have it here.
But the people at Benedetto that make these beautiful jazz guitars.
You know, they started in Italy, but they're made in Savannah, Georgia.
And they were going to make me one.
And the factory shut down.
And I had a loaner.
So I still got it.
And it's this beautiful guitar.
So I had this great Benedetto jazz guitar.
Thank you, Howard Paul, who's the CEO.
And, you know, they're waiting to go back to work too.
So I've got this beautiful jazz guitar.
And, you know, I'm not a big jazz player.
But I love listening to it.
So I started playing a little, looking for some little augmented sevenths and chords
as I was writing.
I had this guitar.
So I'm doing like an hour a day of just playing guitar and also an hour a day of French.
Because, you know, I speak fairly good French.
But this is a good time.
And I'm doing better now because I'm doing it a lot.
I go up on a podcast and talk to people.
And I'm reading The Little Prince in French.
Have you thought about releasing a French jazz album?
There you go.
Really alienate everybody.
How did that not cross my mind?
I don't.
Listen, I would buy it.
You call it James Buffay Presents.
And then you make it.
I mean, I would listen to the hell out of that.
Jimmy, as someone who's been to several of your concerts and has heard people just sing
along with every word, I would fucking adore one night to hear you be like, hey, everybody,
I'm just going to groove for the next 30 minutes.
I'm just going to sit here and just kind of noodle on some of this.
You all know French, right?
OK, just follow along.
You know French and jazz, Gordon.
You want to see an audience move out quick, you know?
Concessions and merch sales are going to spike.
Just inject some of that into your most beloved songs.
Just start singing a chorus of Margaritaville in French.
It's like, what?
Let's see.
Wasted Away would be Nippon Tancourt.
It'd be, who cares?
Nippon Tancourt and Margaritaville.
That's good.
I like that.
Yeah.
Je besoin une grande vase de sel.
All right.
Yeah, I love it.
Quelque chose en dite en femme, c'est moi en faute.
There you go.
You can just cut that out by Spotify.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
We've got something here.
Oh, here we go.
Oh, here we go.
Lay it down, OK.
All right, jazz cards.
OK, let's do it.
OK.
OK, where's my song?
This is great.
This is good, though.
This sounds really good.
That hit Jimmy Buffett's single, Where's My Song.
18,000 people out quick.
OK.
Listen, you might have to start in much smaller clubs for a while.
Yeah, you got to build back up.
Oh, James Buffett could be your Chris Gaines.
What do you think?
Oh, my god.
Don't even talk about Chris Gaines.
I know.
Finally, somebody speak it out.
You were such a fan and so heartbroken when that phase of his career was so short lived.
I'll never forget when Jimmy Buffett found out that it was just Garth Brooks the whole time.
He was crushed.
Hey, before we let you go, Jimmy, one last thing.
Justin, I think of you as we've talked about your heart rate before in detail.
This can be a stressful time.
We've talked about keeping busy.
What would be your advice for people that are feeling stressed,
feeling kind of pent up and losing it?
How do you how do you how do people keep calm?
Well, you know, I think that keep a little bit busy, but do something, you know,
and do something, you know, like reading to me.
I mean, if you start there and you don't have the ability to get out or do anything else,
read good books, you know, and if you're not a reader, start reading because it can take you there.
It really can.
We all know that, you know, to me, great writers read and listen, you know,
and that's where I start first at reading.
I mean, if that was basic, you know, and then if you got room, get a paper,
get a room, get a ping pong table.
Okay.
Jimmy, this is the second time you've recommended reading on our show,
and I'm so I can't I'm so fed up.
It's the it's the least you want to read.
Okay.
Okay.
Forget reading.
I'm going to cut that out and make my ring tone just now.
I'll tell you what.
Let's get back to the ping pong table.
Okay.
Thank you.
The Buffett family are all ping pong players, except my wife.
My kids and I, and even my dogs can chase the ball, right?
My dogs are here.
You want to see them?
Yes.
Watch this.
Let me see if this will work.
Wait, let's see.
Hey, Gracielola, beach.
Want to go to the beach?
They're unmoved.
Nothing's happened, Jimmy.
How about this?
Tree, tree.
I think they're asleep, Jimmy.
Wait, Jimmy, those are stuffed dogs, pal.
You've been in, you've been locked up for too long.
Oh, they are stuffed dog.
I forgot.
No, no, no.
No.
Okay.
The other, yeah, but they make little.
My son has one in his apartment here and he showed it to me, but it's a little
ping pong table that's got to be maybe four feet by three feet that also pops
open and it has little pool cues hitting and you can shoot pool on it.
They don't cost much either.
Yeah.
I know something that people could do to help with their anxiety.
And that is to pick up a life on the flip side.
The new studio album by Jimmy Buffett.
I was about to say in stores.
Don't do that.
It's just, you know, buy it on, on, on the internet, wherever fine albums are sold.
Where's that these days?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, fair enough.
I don't know.
I'm a podcast guy, Jimmy.
I don't know.
We give our stuff out for free.
But thank you so much for joining us as, as always.
It is, is a treat and a delight.
Yeah.
Well, thanks.
I'll just stay in touch with you guys.
And always.
I love listening to the show and best everybody out there.
And, uh, hopefully you'll get back on the road too.
When you do, it'll be a big, big, they'll be ready for you.
Co-headliners, the tour America's been waiting for.
You can open, you can open for us anytime.
Yeah.
I was going to say the same to you, Jimmy.
Yeah.
Let's not, let's not worry about the building.
It'll be a competition between that and, and your, uh,
French jazz to see who can clear the place out the quickest.
You're the one that made me do that.
You guys.
Yeah.
Y'all are.
You did great.
I liked yours.
All right.
Thanks, Jimmy.
Fins up.
All right.
Thanks guys.
Always great.
Great to see you.
Stay safe.
Bye.
Here is a question.
I'm in the process of writing a fairly serious fantasy novel set in classic olden times.
Yeah.
My problem is this.
What is the best word to use when referring to a character's butt?
This is a fairly serious scene.
So I don't want to sound anachronistic or suggestive at the same time.
I don't want to sound stuffy or puritanical.
So what's my best option?
That's from chasing tail words in Chattanooga.
Clef.
First off, I will say congratulations on being what I assume is the only fantasy
author in Chattanooga.
You're doing that's that's I don't even know.
I don't even know how to begin diagnosing what that was a slam on what that was.
Just didn't seem like you hear about a lot of a lot of fantasy authors from Chattanooga.
I mean, there's probably not a lot.
Why would you even why would you even say that?
Just killing time.
Okay.
It's fucking mean though to Chattanooga.
It's not mean.
How is it mean?
It's not even judgmental.
It's mean to Chattanooga and the people who are writing fantasy.
Why is it mean to Chattanooga to say that I don't think there's a lot of fantasy authors?
I mean, it's maybe a mild burn, but you didn't even need to say it.
You didn't even you didn't even need to.
What's blowing me away is you didn't even need to be mean to Chattanooga.
And I'm not being mean to Chattanooga to say there's not a lot of fantasy.
Like, there's not a lot of serial killers from Huntington.
Did you do your own census in Chattanooga done just by Justin McElroy?
Juice, I hope it was before COVID because that's a lot of human exposure that you did
when you went door to door asking who was fantasy novelist in Chattanooga.
I'm not helping with this anymore.
You guys come up with butt names on your own.
I'm muting here.
So I've got some synonyms for butt here.
Yeah.
Backside.
Backside.
Okay, but let's set the terminology here.
Justin, please come back.
It's not my fault you were mean to Chattanooga.
So you can't take this out on both of us because you realize how
shitty you are being to Chattanooga.
Travis and Griffin, as usual.
It's not a beat.
I've muted myself out.
It's not a problem, but it's just fucking Travis and, you know, the classic stuff.
Yeah, I was dunking on Chattanooga.
This is the usual shit.
Yeah, I hate it too.
Who do you think he's talking to Griffin?
It's a shit ball talent no fantasy authors go to.
All right.
That's why I'm surprised there's not more fantasy authors
just so they can pretend to be anywhere else.
He probably called John Scalzi.
John Scalzi.
I didn't hear.
No, nobody's talking about John Scalzi.
Why would you-
Sweetheart, why would you say John Scalzi?
There's nobody talking about John Scalzi.
Yeah, Old Man Swore is dope though.
You're right.
Dairy Error.
Dairy Error is funny.
I mean, that's the thing.
Are you trying-
When you're doing this serious sexual fantasy novel, are you trying to-
Is it like a funny scene?
They said it's a fairly serious scene.
So that probably rules out Tushy, which the thesaurus.com recommended.
Now let me throw this out.
Haunches.
Fuck.
See, I should have stayed muted because I was going to use haunches.
That was my haunch.
Like, he showed his haunch to them in a serious way.
What about his cleft?
Which I said earlier, I understand why.
His bottom cleft.
I want to know what is the scene, okay.
What is the scene that's not funny and it's not suggestive,
it's just a regular serious scene about butts?
Yeah.
Oh, it's sexual, like he takes off his pants and-
No, does not want them to be suggestive.
So it's not sexual.
This is fairly serious.
Oh, so like he is being stripped nude to be brought before the King's Court Council.
The official butt.
Oh, then it's keister.
His keister, no.
No, that's not-
I'm the KBI, I'm the King's Butt Inspector.
Fanny?
I'm the FBI, the fiefdom butt inspector.
Is it-
The problem is, the only thing that I'm seeing that I think like is fairly serious is like bottom.
But that just sounds like so infantile.
What about, ooh, posterior?
No.
No.
What's wrong with that?
Sounds like a grandpa.
Overly clinical.
A big thing that authors like to do whenever they're talking about somebody's privates
or back privates is they will say, they will use like metaphor and be like, his big pumpkin.
Yeah, yeah.
And it like, if I were to-
They do that all the-
You're right, Griffin, all the time, I'm seeing that.
The King's Counselor stripped the bad night of his clothes and exposed his wormy and his big
pumpkin.
Then I think people would know which one is the penis and which one is the butt, right?
Yeah.
Hey guys, we're all adults here.
We all know what the big pumpkin is.
Yeah, it's what Linus worships.
Now let me throw this out.
You need to maybe add a gerund in there that will make it seem more serious and fantasy
and stuff.
So if you say like, exposing his quivering cheeks, right?
Now it's like, ooh, that's some writing.
You can't just say, exposing his butt.
That's nothing, right?
That's just, that's first draft, exposing his, all I can come up with is quivering cheeks.
I mean, you could just say his big fat ass.
His juicy dumper.
No, no, not his juicy dumper.
Dumper is not the right vibe.
I think just saying like, he takes off his pants before the king's council and reveals
his big, his fat ass.
Then people are going to read that and like, it may catch him off guard, but they'll be
like, oh, this is a character development trait I didn't know about.
But now when I think about them, I am going to think about-
Explains a lot of their choices.
It explains a lot.
And like that fight scene that I envisioned earlier when I was reading the words and like
trying to figure out what it looked like in my mind.
Now that I know that he's packing heat in them Jordashes, like then it's going to change
a lot of what that fight looks like.
It makes so much sense because the entire book, they've been carrying themselves like
someone with a fat ass.
And I never imagined it.
I thought he was just kind of full of himself and a little bit of a bragger, but it turns
out, no, he got that fat ass.
When he kills a dragon with a spear and you know that he's got some heave and Levi's
in there, then you are going to think about the fight in a different way is all I'm saying.
And you know, and I know what you're saying question, I was like, I don't want it to be
funny.
So let me give you this suggestion.
A lot of the times as a reader, I don't know if something is supposed to be like what the
tone is to see until someone else responds to it.
So here's what I suggest.
He removed his pantaloons before the inspector revealing his fat ass.
And then you have the inspector say, well, this is very serious.
That's a serious ass.
Well, I see.
This is a serious chunk of back meat.
Nothing funny about that ass.
Just a regular fat ass.
Those are two serious butt cheeks.
Well, witcher, this is a very serious ass you've brought before us.
I must speak with the council to decide how to deal with that ass.
Witcher!
Witcher!
Well, bounce a coin off your witcher's ass.
O Valley of Plenty.
Thank you.
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself against all odds.
Thank you to Jimmy Buffett.
His new album, Life on the Flipside, is available now wherever you listen to music.
Check out all the other amazing shows on MaximumFun.org.
There's lots to check out there.
Let's see.
Minority Corner.
There's, you know, other ones.
Jordan and Jesse Go.
Wow.
So bad.
Try again.
I'm saying Jordan and Jesse Go, Bubble, which, you know, there's not like new episodes or
anything, but it's still great.
Still worth a listen.
Why are you so bad at talking about the other shows on the Maximum Fun Network?
I don't know, Griffin.
Go to McRoyMerch.com.
You know what I like?
Heat Rocks.
Heat Rocks is a good-
You ever listen to Heat Rocks?
Great way to discover new music, I've found, personally.
You can go to McRoyMerch.com.
See all of our merchandise there, including a good out here t-shirt, as well as a phantasmal
and resplendent pin, both of those from the Adventure Zone, and the proceeds of which
are going to the Trevor Project.
So make sure to check those out.
What else, boys?
Yeah, check out also the Foundation for Black Women's Wellness.
We'll have a link to that in the episode description.
And think about supporting them also.
Yeah.
Did we thank John Roderick in The Long Winters?
No, because-
For the use of the Zoom time off, it's a departure off the album within a day.
The one and the same.
Thanks, John in The Long Winters.
Do y'all want that final?
Yes, please.
Yeah, absolutely.
Well, let me fucking find it.
Okay.
Hold the fucking phone.
Here's another Emma Cant Joint to close us out.
Thank you, Emma.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Samantha, who asks,
can you get a tongue piercing if your tongue isn't healthy?
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin Mac.
Is that too gross?
Should I do a different one?
No, you already said it.
This has been my brother and me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
