The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you want it? Just say, hey, I wanna. Just say, hey, I wanna.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the modern
era. Griffin, don't stop. For God's sake, don't stop. I'm- but my back is so tired. I've been
shoveling. I've been shoveling all morning and afternoon. But we're so close. Don't stop now,
Griffin. Hold on, I think I've hit- I've hit the cedar coffin within which- this is gonna sound
like Justin's dead. He's not dead. No, to let you guys know what's up, um, as a publicity stunt for
the Max Fun Drive, uh, Justin, uh, on his request, uh, was buried alive, um, for a week, um, to help
raise awareness of the Max Fun Drive, and now, uh, it's the groundbreaking. We're gonna release
him out back into, uh, Justin. Welcome back. Oh my god. We did it. We did it. We did it, man. Max
Fun Drive was a huge success. They said it couldn't be done. We did it. You have no idea how many
people donated and said it was just because of your brave- your brave duplication of David Blaine's
bravery. Did you- did, um, did a lot of people- were a lot of people- oh, hold on. I'm just trying
to get my bearings. Were a lot of people, um, moved by it? Is that why they wanted to donate?
Um, did you- do you have, like, a contact list for the people that you told about being buried? Did
you- do you have, like, a- did you make a list of people that you told about being buried alive?
No, no, you guys were- were telling people that I was- while I was buried alive, and that you were-
No, no, you were buried alive. Griffin was digging, and I made the lemonade, and then you
were supposed to tell everybody. Travis did lemonade. He- look at the list here. This list
says lemonade Travis digging Griffin, and then you were buried. I- I was buried! That's, like,
the biggest part of the job! I don't know. No, I made a lot of lemonade. I made, like, a week's
worth of lemonade. What? Okay. Yeah, and I was using a baby sand castle shovel. The last thing I said
before they nailed the coffin is make sure to have- that seems excessive, didn't it? Big- it was a
little bit much. Were we afraid of him getting out? Yeah, yes. Make sure to throw a big charity event
and see if Little Richard could come. We did that. Because he really- you were supposed to get Little
Richard! He was there, but we didn't tell anybody else. It was basically just me, Griffin, and Little
Richard. He was really cool, though. He was a really cool guy. He donated. He loves the shows.
He did five dollars a month. He did five, which, you know what? I think he could probably do a
little bit more, but then again, maybe not. Yeah, he had not a lot of hits lately. Time's been tough.
For those of you- even though you didn't know- the fact that you guys donated so much,
and did not know I was locked underneath the earth, is extremely, extremely moving to us,
and it is- it means the world. And I try to respond to everybody who donated and mentioned
on Twitter. If you didn't- if anyone responded, let me know, and I will personally thank you,
because you guys are amazing. We crushed our goal, and you really help us to keep the show going. So,
thank you so, so, so much. You are- You helped Justin face his fear of claustrophobia.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. We are not getting into revisionist history here with the stunt.
This is not a spirit journey for me. I was- this is not a sweat lodge, okay? You- this
was a boner on your guys' part. You boned it. We boned it. That lemonade was fucking great,
though. Thank you. Did you say- Travis puts a little cayenne pepper in there,
so while you're drinking- Yeah, just a little bit of kick.
Just a little bit of kick, and while you're drinking it, you're also cleansing.
It's semester cleanse lemonade. Why would he drink- Hey, let's get to some advice.
Our first question comes to us from our friend- oh, there's no- it's not sourced here.
Our friend Gmail, the platform. Our friend Gmail platform. I am Gmail platform.
Uh, I'm a single male in my mid-20s. I'm proud whenever I go on a first date with a lovely lady.
I consider myself fairly forward-thinking, and I don't feel as though I should pay dinner,
drinks, the movies, etc., simply because I am a man. Oftentimes, the women I'm dating are equally
as forward-thinking and offer to split the bill, but sometimes that's not the case. How do I explain
that I feel two adults, each gainfully employed, should share expenses without sounding like I
just want to be friends? Now, this isn't the funny answer, but this is the real answer.
Okay. You're looking at this wrong. How is-
You're not paying for it because you are a man. You are paying for it because you invited them
out. Yeah.
You are paying- you are treating them to dinner. It is not- it has nothing to do with a male-female
relationship. It's the same as if you took a friend out for a birthday or if you took
a visiting, you know, brother, sister, parent out to dinner. You're taking them out to dinner.
That's why you're paying for it. Yeah, and if you invite somebody-
if you're looking for- if the question is, like, how do I get a read on the situation?
I think the right move is to offer, but it's not necessarily, like- for me, at least, dating isn't
it connotated on who pays. Like, when I go to dinner or lunch with a friend,
we usually- each person will usually offer to pay, and then we'll kind of- I mean, because
it's like a nice thing to do. I don't think there's necessarily a dating, not dating thing.
I think you offer, and if they say, well, let's split it, like, I think that that is completely-
I think that that's your sign right there. I think you should always be willing to pay,
but that doesn't mean you have to, you know, especially on the first date, you know, be
willing to, and then say, like, you know, this one's on me, with the implication being that
maybe the next time you guys go out, it'll be on her, or, you know, you'll split it the next time,
or once it settles into a groove, and then you don't have to discuss it every time.
You know, Teresa and I, at this point, we've been together two years. We split things and
each pay for things all the time, but, you know, in the beginning, I paid for things until that
was kind of established, because it is still, in this day and age, a really hard conversation to
have, to be like, so you're paying, right? You know what really brings a new couple
together on a first date, though? What's that, what?
Dining and dashing. Oh, commit a secret,
commit a secret little crime. If you think about it, sorry, restaurant workers, listeners of our
podcast, dining and dashing really isn't a crime. It's not a crime. As long as you leave a tip.
Is it? Yeah, sure. It's as minor a crime as you can commit. So, yeah, just do that,
and you guys will have a fun story for your kids about how you both went to prison.
That's how Bonnie and Cly got started, though, and we all know how that ended,
with an Oscar-winning movie and glory. Is that what you want? You want to be famous?
I think you've got to, if you're really having a problem with this, you've got to get on
OkCupid. You've got to get on Match.com because it is so codified there that the bill gets split.
I think it's in the terms of service of the website. If you go on a date, you've got to split
it. Just make sure that nobody locks you in their car and cuts all your skin off and then turns it
into a suit, a beautiful suit for them. Yeah, so make sure that doesn't happen.
Make sure that that particular, because that'll happen, and you'll say,
oh, I wish I would have paid. I wish I would have listened to Griff and I'd still have my skin.
I look like Inside Out Boy. Protect the skin you're in.
Just don't use OkCupid. Use Match. OkCupid's a free service, and it's horrifying.
It attracts a certain element as a free service. A certain, I would say, unmoneyed element.
The last thing you want is an unmoneyed element in your dating pool. You want to keep it green.
Or in your car or just your immediate presence because they have two to four knives on them.
My friend keeps calling me her wife. I am in college with two roomies who I am good friends
with. What started out as an inside joke between us has spiraled right out of the comfort zone. My
one friend will refer to herself as my husband and call me wife or honey in public. She jokes about
us sleeping together to others' friends and gives awkward hugs around my waist. Is there any gentle
way to tell my friend she's creeping me out and that I want a divorce? That's from Miserable Misses.
Oh my god. I need to like take a step back here and just pieces together.
Is the emailer a guy? No, the email is a girl. Or a woman. She's of the female gender.
She's of the female gender. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So, man, that's a toughie. It's not.
It's not? You just say, hey, just, you know, you're a great friend, but you're making me
feel uncomfortable with this because I don't feel that way about you. And oh man, this is a...
Yeah, right? Here's the tricky part about it. Because if she goes to her friend and is like,
hey, back off this, your friend will say, what? Can't you take it? I was just kidding.
It's a joke we've been playing. What's the matter? Jeez.
Is that this, her friend is definitely, definitely a secret lesbian. That's what you're saying.
Yeah. Sure. We know what you're saying. We've known you for like three decades.
It could also be like a, what's the single white female? Is that the roommate thing?
Really? No, it's the roommate. No, I'm sorry. It's swim fan.
Swim fan. No, I'm sorry. I know what you did last summer.
She might be swim fanning her last summer.
You're saying that she loves her friends so, so, so much that she will kill her in a public pool.
Yeah. It doesn't have to be like a lesbian thing. It could just be like,
she's obsessed with her friend a little bit. Come to my brother and me, ask us to fix your problems
and we will create much worse problems that you did not even know existed.
Listen, all I'm saying is your friend's going to kill you.
In a pool, a public pool. Count your blessings. It could be way worse.
Well, it couldn't be way worse. It could be in a public jacuzzi, which are gross.
This has nothing to do with, if your friend is making you feel uncomfortable,
sexuality doesn't have to enter into it. You just tell them, hey, I wish you wouldn't do this
in public. It makes me feel uncomfortable. You really don't have to approach a larger question.
Just say, hey, you know, I wish you wouldn't do that.
Yeah.
It makes me uncomfortable. And then-
Especially start, start with the jokes about like you guys sleeping together and stuff like that,
and just say like, hey, that's one step too far. And then you can scale back from there
instead of trying to tackle the problem all at once. Right? So then start the conversation.
So you backpedal into it.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Well, instead of just like bursting into a room, like cut out the joke, sister. I'm out.
I want to be your sister now. Pretend we're sisters.
We're sister wives.
And if that doesn't work, you realize that that's not what sister wives are about, right?
It's about two sisters that are married to each other.
That's not-
No.
I think that's it. It's about Tia and Tamara Mowry and they're married to each other. And
also that's my guys there.
No, but Tia and Tamara Mowry are married to the music.
It's sister, sister wives.
Let's, but what is Taj Mowry's relationship?
He's the guy that married them to each other against their will.
What are you talking about?
Travis, that's, this is horrifying.
And then he sowed them to each other.
You're welcome, humans in a beat three. Good work, smart guy.
Yeah.
You could, poor smart guy. He doesn't get the credit he deserves because his show wasn't very
good. But, so I guess maybe he gets exactly. Griffin, help us out.
You want Yahoo? This one was sent in by Gali Ayali. Thanks, Gali. It's by Yahoo Answers user
David Barnhouse, who asks, how to convince family to become nudist? How can I convince
my family to become nudist and I am 14?
Oh God.
Now, you want to talk about awkward conversations.
Hey.
It starts with one sentence. Is it hot in here?
Yeah. Hey, I found a cool way for us to keep our air conditioning bill down. Get your dick out.
Get your dick out, dad and little bro.
Hey, little bro. Hey, teach. Why are you here, teach?
You heard. Teach heard it was going to get nasty over here. Get out of here, teach. Crazy dog.
Is there anything we can do for this person?
It's so sad, but 14 years old might be too late.
Maybe if you, oh, did you suggest cranking up the thermostat?
Yeah.
Did you suggest that?
Yeah. I don't think this is, I don't think trickery is going to play into it.
So truth or dare?
No. Oh Christ.
Can you, can you burn all the clothes that's in the house?
They come home. You, they come home. There is a mountain of clothes in the backyard
and you are standing in front of it, naked and screaming. It looks like a scene out of
Lord of the Flies and it's amazing. And they're so inspired by your example. And then you,
you go to them and say, I'm so cold. Please give me your clothes. I'm a child.
And then they give you their clothes and you say psych and you throw them in the fire too.
And you flick your lit cigarette onto the gasoline soaked clothes.
Now I just free, I just freed you. We just had a near life experience.
Call me Tyler Durden. Let's do this.
Call me Tyler Durden. I'm 14. I'm 14 year old Tyler Durden.
I can't do Fight Club. I'm too little.
I'm not allowed to watch Fight Club even.
Let's find it on TNT. Get that edited version.
How supportive is your family? Cause that's really the, that's what's,
if you go to your family and you say, listen, mom, dad,
little brother, little sis and grandpa, cause let's get nasty.
Um, I am, I am deathly afraid of clothes. I'm, I'm just super scared of clothes.
I don't like them. I don't like seeing them. I think that they're, you know,
when I wear them, it's just like trapping my soul inside my body.
When I want to just astral project it into the stars and become the most beautiful thing ever.
Can, can do you, can you go with me? Can you support me on this, on this vision quest?
Or just take all your clothes off and then your parents come home and you're like, check it.
This is me. Like who's coming with me. You can hop on, you can either get on the train or get hit
by the train, but either way I'm naked now. This is who I am. This is our reality.
This is who I am. I wish you, I wish you were it too.
Do you know who the first nudists were? Who's that Travis? Adam and Eve Griffin.
That's beautiful. Adam and Eve. There weren't no clothes in the garden
until that snake came along and ruined it all. That's true. All right. What if he,
if all that's returned to innocence, style fails, you take the morey mom and dad.
I want to be naked, live this dream with me. Also, are you my real mom? Let's take a DNA test
right now. Also, I can't stop. I can't stop being afraid of bats. Please help me, Maury.
This is tied to my nudity. I saw an episode of Maury recently where Maury likes to cure
people of their fears by something Maury believes in called immersion therapy,
where he, uh, it's like, I know you're afraid of band-aids. It's like, we're covering you in band-aids.
Wake up. You've been covered with band-aids this whole time. There was a lady who was afraid,
her big fear, tigers. And Maury brought a tiger. That's a perfectly reasonable fear.
Can we all keep our fear of tigers? Can we not, not be afraid of tigers? Like that seems like a super,
super good one. Deborah, just keep in mind that the tiger is just as afraid of you as you are.
Oh, no, no, it wasn't. Sorry, you're dead. They're acting like it's a problem because like,
I can't even look at Frosted Flakes. Don't get Frosted Flakes. Don't go to Frosted Flakes.
Don't get Frosted Flakes. Don't go to Frosted Flakes. Don't eat Frosted Flakes. Get the off-bland, like,
you know, toasted flakes. And don't go to Exxon. And like, I think that's pretty much it, right?
Don't go to any Bengals games. My day-to-day exposure to tigers is actually pretty low.
Now, I don't have to see a tiger if I don't want to. You know what? Thinking about that,
mine might be a little bit too low. I'm not sure I'm getting enough vitamin T. I need to see more
tigers every day. You should just start wearing, like, tiger print pants. You know what? That would
be good. And then go visit this woman. Grr. Look at my pants. Ah! Ah! Girl, I'm not myers.
I think you just gotta, you just gotta get naked. And then, if your family really loves you,
they'll get naked too. Without saying a word. Without no discussion. And no looking. No one
can look at anyone else. Please don't. The weirdest Thanksgiving dinner ever.
Hey, Dylan. Here's your advice from your old buddies, my brother, my brother, and me. How
about you just keep your clothes on? You're 14 years old. You don't get to do anything you want
to. Why is this the one? We're not gonna let you drive, but we'll let you start an incest cult in
your family and upset the delicate balance your parents have worked so hard to create. I'm sorry,
you're 14. You don't get to do anything, and this is no exception. It makes me so bad. These kids,
these kids today. Kids and their nudism. With their inya and their pictures of tigers.
Is this an epidemic that I don't, are kids really like, did this happen on Glee? And now kids are
like, I wanna- They already had, they already had, they had so many gay kids, they had to have a kid
who like, pushed it even further. Pushed the envelope. And that's the nudist kid. It's like,
Sue Sylvester, accept me for who I am. Please let me join the Cheerios. I don't have any clothes
on ever. I'm a nightmare for the censors. It's hard to get me in scenes. And then at the end,
everybody's like, we're so sorry we judged you. And they sing a hip hop version of The Streak.
Oh God, Ray Stevens deep cuts.
And Ray Stevens, it was like there, but like, it's not him. It turns out it's just the kid
in the wheelchair with a fake beard. He's like, Ethel, don't look Ethel! And then they sing it
with the, it's mashed up though. It's mashed up with Madonna's new track. So it's-
And that episode won an Emmy.
It's an Emmy winning episode. Also starring Uma Thurman is on that one.
Let's move on.
Do we have to?
We need to.
Story, by the way, TM, story by credit, Justin, Travis, by the way.
Pilot script, we're pitching it. Universal, NBC Universal, please reach out to us. Fox,
Fox Universal Entertainment, please reach out to us.
Come at me. Come at me with your briefcase. Full of money.
Hey, I always carry cash. My boyfriend never does. If a place is cash only, I pay, which is fine.
Cashier's always hand him the change and he doesn't give it back to me. When I ask for my
change, he books fund me for being cheap. Probably because he comes from a wealthy family and makes
more money than I do. Sometimes he'll pay for something with my change and act like he's
treating me. Also cash lent, never returned. How do I gently convince my boyfriend that money matters?
That's from broken, broken hearted.
Okay, first off, why are you letting your boyfriend hand money to cashier?
All the women, independent, throw your cash right at him. You can pay for yourself. It's 2012.
No, no, no, no, no. You're, you're misunderstanding. She gives the cashier,
these cashiers are some pricks because she'll give them money. And then the cashiers,
when they come back to the table or something, they give it to the guy.
Oh, what?
Just as if to say, sorry, sir, you accidentally let your woman have some money.
I can't tell you how many times this happens on a day to day basis. When I go to a restaurant
and my girlfriend orders a stiff IPA and I order, you know, like a-
Shirley Temple.
Something.
Like some sort of mild Pinot Gris.
Yeah. And then they flip them and I say, I don't like, I don't like what you've done here, sir.
I detract 2% from the tip right there. I have a whole conversion rate for,
for social and sexual faux pas and, and how I detract from tips.
This is some horse shit and you shouldn't go to that restaurant anymore.
How much, how much do you detract for taking the dish of butter and jamming it into a customer's
face?
I get bonus for that. Cause that's my fetish.
That's how you do it. Okay.
Yeah. I'm a butter side upper is what we, that's what we're called on the forums.
Butter side uppers. How much do you, is it better or worse when after they jam it in your face,
they say sloppy boy.
Way better.
Is that way better? Is that the only way Griffin can finish?
Oh, I wish you wouldn't say that.
Oh, but I did.
Say that all you want. Just don't talk about like-
But if I say it too much, you may have to excuse yourself.
Yeah. Pardon?
Cause apparently butter is your thing.
How many places in this world are cash only these days?
I mean, it's getting less, but they're still there, right?
And everything.
Well, I guess the easy answer then is stop carrying cash.
I bought some, uh, some Girl Scout cookies outside of the Walgreens and I realized they
didn't have any cash on me. And their, uh, their troop leader had one of those square
things like an iPhone credit card reader. And I was like, God damn it, 2012. I love you so much.
You got me.
You got me. Now I can buy so many more cookies.
Yeah. That's a little, that's a little bit much actually.
I'm not sure that you need that kind of like direct access. Is there, is there a
correlation between that and the fact that you're counting your K cows now? Is there-
Things got a little hedonistic.
Let's just say February was a rough, rough month for the diabetes that I almost got.
Come to hedonism and cookies three. There are no rules.
Can we get back to the issue at hand, which is that your boyfriend sounds kind of like an asshole.
Hey, the thing may not be the, the money. It may just be that he's an asshole.
It's just a, that's a, that's a shitty thing. Okay. First off, it sucks that a cashier would
come back and give your money to him just because he thinks that the guy paid, right?
You obviously handed this cashier the money. How fucking short is his
He's like a fucking goldfish memory.
So that sucks. What double sucks is that he takes the money instead of saying,
Oh, this is awkward. This is yours. That sucks.
What also sucks is him using your money to buy you things and say, don't worry about it.
You're welcome. I love you. That's for you.
There are a bunch of things there for people who like,
for those of us who've gone around our lives, judging people all the time.
Um, this judgment is, is it, man, it seems pretty clear cut.
I am the sense that bothers me is when you ask for your change back, like, like, Hey,
that changed his mind. He calls you cheap because he's rich.
Like that sounds like that's what the, that's what like the
bad boyfriend does before like a robber Baron does.
Can I please have my money? Oh, you poor person and your change.
Oh, it's adorable. Maybe you can eventually just going to start throwing it at her feet.
Fine. Pick it up. Pick it up.
If you don't want to leave this creep, you gotta tell him like, Hey, yeah,
you come from a wealthy family, but I earned this money with the fucking sweat off my back.
So stop robbing me. If you could do me a favor and stop fucking burglaring me.
Every time we go to Applebee's, that would be fucking great.
And stop making fun of me for going to Applebee's. It's all I can afford. Asshole.
Jerk. Yeah. If you say that to him once, he's going to feel very bad about it.
If he does not feel very bad about it, the door is right behind you, sister.
It's time to pick up stakes and roll on out of there. Cause I'll tell you what,
he sounds whack. He doesn't, he doesn't sound good enough for you. That's for sure.
Oh, I'm going to Sherlock this shit. You ready? You ready for the Cumberbatch?
Yeah. Your boyfriend never, your boyfriend never carries cash. Huh?
But he says he's from a wealthy family. I ain't buying it.
I think, oh shit, your boyfriend is broke like a bad joke.
Are you saying what I think you're saying?
He is tower heisting you every single time you go to dinner.
You're being grifted. You're dating Alan Alda?
You aren't. Oh good. Oh good.
Hold on. A tower heist joke for everyone to enjoy.
Travis, you know about the transitive property, right?
If you make a joke about something that's not even remotely funny,
then it's not funny in exchange.
But you brought up tower heist and you opened the door like
a poor man in the movie Tower Heist named Lester.
You are getting taken to the bank and he is driving the car and you are, hold on.
You're an ATM and he's putting a card in your slot.
He's putting a card in there and he, but he's saying it's your card
and he's taking your money and then he's spending it on rollerblades or something.
It sounds like a boyfriend Ponzi scheme.
I don't know what a Ponzi scheme is. Is your boyfriend's name Ponzi?
He's a cool guy, but same Ponzi.
Everything about this just reeks to high heaven of grifting.
Yeah, it feels like a long con. It feels like a grift.
You need to protect yourself, protect your assets.
Speaking of protecting your assets,
we would like to protect ours right now.
Make a little money in the section of the show we like to call the money zone.
Oh, hey, Trav.
Hey, what's the matter, Justin?
It's not a big deal. I don't think you'd understand.
Oh, no, come on. Let's wrap.
Well, I've been going store to store.
Uh-huh.
I've been looking at all my normal, my normal places that I normally head to.
And I, for the life of me, cannot find a leather sleep sack that properly restrains me for my erotic play.
Well, you're in luck, Justin.
So, what do you, wait, what do you mean?
Well, this week on My Brother, My Brother and Me,
there is a synergy of energies coming together.
Okay.
The peanut butter and jelly of podcast and sponsor this week.
It's My Brother, My Brother and Me and ExtremeRestraints.com.
The crossover you knew had to happen is finally here.
What do you want?
Do you want Japanese silk bondage rope, 10 feet of it?
Oh, we can get you that. It's just $11.
You want a door jam bondage accessory?
Maybe spicing's up in the boudoir.
I think it's good to know that some of the things on Extreme Restraints may seem unusual to you at first,
the first time you head there.
But it's none of it is going to unnerve you as much as the way I say boudoir.
So, I reset, I'm recalibrating.
Now that you've heard me say boudoir,
you can go to this website and just look around.
Poke around. You don't know.
And you know what's awesome?
Right there on the first page, there's a little select area
where you can pick what area of your body you would like to pleasure.
Oh, really?
So you just figure out where the sensitivity is there for you.
Want nipple toys?
You want nipple clamps that aren't toys?
Those are for grownups.
These are all for grownups.
I'm sorry.
Do they have anything for my weenus?
Oh, your weener, huh?
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
You misunderstood my weenus.
The skin on your elbow?
Sure, we can get you an arm binder.
Right on the crook of your elbow.
We can get you a strict leather bicep binder.
Those are a steal at just $45.
Or leather restraints, like whatever you need.
They've got you taken care of.
And now, as far as your weener, they actually do not have anything
that interacts with the genitals at all.
That's the only problem.
Hold on.
Stop.
That seems like a huge market that they are not tapping into.
I know.
It's weird, right?
They're supposed to be adult toys, but no, wait a minute.
I was on the wrong page.
They have literally everything you could ever imagine.
Masturbation toys, other things, like everything.
I don't even know.
You need to get here and just get.
It's 2012.
You can get all this stuff on the internet and just check it out.
I don't know.
It goes like the full spectrum.
Everything you could think.
It is the full spectrum.
If you want something tame, if you want handcuffs, that's cool.
If you want something less tame, if you want a cage that you can put your penis in
because it did something illegal and now has to go to genital jail, that's cool too.
Anything is cool.
It's all, this is extremistrains.com, catchphrase, it's all cool.
Is that their catchphrase?
Now, that does not apply to their burning mat that you put on your chest to burn your
chest skin off.
No, that's not cool.
That's not cool.
That's not cool.
That's very, very hot.
That is actually not a real thing.
But yeah, I mean, they've got all the regular stuff, the vanilla stuff.
You know, you want some shackles, you want blindfolds.
They've got all that stuff.
Oh, and say my favorite phrase that I found as I was browsing their site.
And let's say, let's say you want some lube, but there's not enough at the store.
You can get some lube in bulk.
Gallons and gallons of lube.
Bulk lube.
The snippy lady at Kroger isn't going to raise her eyebrow at you for buying this lube.
You're getting this at home.
So get something, you know, get something a little more regular, something a little
more vanilla, and then maybe throw something a little crazy in there.
See what the hubbub is about.
You've earned it.
And here's the exciting part.
From the point of this commercial, for the next year, if you enter the coupon code MIDDLEST,
you get 10% off.
And for the next week, from today on for a week, if you enter it, we're going to double
that and you get 20% off your order.
You are going to need to build a new room onto your house to hold all the dildos that
you are going to buy.
Dildos, magic wands, throat gags.
Hold on.
Magic wands?
Not that kind of magic wands.
Wingardium Leviosa.
Oh, yeah.
Now my penis is flying away from me.
No, come back.
Guys, if you use the coupon code MIDDLEST to buy a vibrating cock ring, please don't
tell us about it, but know that I feel it and I sense it.
Somewhere in the universe.
And it has made me so happy.
This is probably the best thing we've ever done with this entire program.
Go to ExtruderShanks.com and visit our buddy James and all the cool people over there and
get yourself something fun.
I'm sure it comes in discrete, discrete packaging.
It's not going to you're not going to have a box sitting on your doorstep that says
bulk anal lube inside open with care.
Unless you want that.
You can probably make a special request like draw a dinosaur on box with a speech bubble
saying bulk anal lube.
That is the only way.
That is my particular fetish.
So go for it.
ExtruderShanks.com, spelled just the way it sounds.
ExtruderShanks.com.
I'm going to now to write a song about this.
Griffin's being modest, of course.
He wrote an entire album about this.
Here we go.
Put your dick in this cage.
I'm just going to do a remix of Staxxope.
Don't steal Staxxope's song.
God damn it.
Everybody's got some needs and everybody's got some wants.
Extreme Restraints catalog of sexual products will fulfill both of those things for you.
So visit ExtremeRestraints.com and get an electroshock paddle that goes on your balls.
Is that a real thing?
It should be.
I'm going to request that you put a real product in there.
Go to ExtremeRestraints.com and buy a ghost that you can fuck every night.
That's not a thing.
We need a site called ExtremeRestraints.com and buy a sexual fish tank.
You're doing an ad for ExtremeRestraints.com.
Go to ExtremeRestraints.com and learn about all the good chicken pot pie recipes.
On the forums.
Holy inaccurate.
Everything you're saying right now is a bastardization of this product message.
But go to ExtremeRestraints.com and you will find everything that you want and some things you didn't
know you want and some things you might be surprised to find out that you do indeed want.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah.
This Yahoo answer is sent in by Mark Toretsky.
Thank you, Mark.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Haley Grace who asks,
My mom has changed my name four times legally since I've been born.
Hello, I'm Haley Grace and I am 15 years old and my mom has legally changed my name
four times since I've been born.
When I was born, I was called Victoria Rose.
Then when I was six months old, she legally changed it to Dracey Mae.
Then when I was six, she changed it again to Rhiannon.
And then she changed it again when I was 11 years old to Haley Grace.
I have moved school five times and have moved house four times.
My mom says don't ever say your name out in public.
We never open our curtains in the house and I never have friends over to stay.
I don't have any other family than my mom.
Why does she keep changing my name?
Is there a reason?
Wait, this took a sharp left turn.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wait a- hold on just a one-
So this isn't like crazy mom can't settle on a name.
This is like they informed on the mafia.
Or like-
Or possibly that your mom fucking snatched you from a hospital when you were a baby and
now has to-
See, I was also gonna go towards they blew up like an animal testing research center in
the 60s and she's on the run.
No, no, I'm saying it's definite, definite baby kidnapping, keeping her head on a swivel.
Could it be both?
Just a really risky mom who both blew up an animal testing facility and stole a baby?
It sounds like a really cool mom.
Hey, cool mom you got there.
Maybe they got her at the baby testing facility.
Maybe they were doing-
They blew up a baby testing facility, but they saved one baby.
Well, you Travis, you saved the babies.
Have you ever never watched TV?
You get the animals out, then you blow up the building.
Don't call babies animals.
I'm saying in a normal thing, not like-
Babies are animals though, if you think about it.
At least often do tricks.
Babies just remind you of your failed promise.
That's not a trick.
Can a person-
Can a mom change their kid's name?
At will?
No, legally.
They have to-
I mean, I imagine there's some paperwork.
I imagine court costs have to come into it too.
But you know what?
I bet in this day and age you can do it online.
You think?
A few clicks?
Oh, I'm sure you can.
Amazon?
I tried to-
Actually, I tried to change my AOL instant messenger name.
I accidentally changed my real name to Blunt Lover.
Blunt Lover 87.
So that's my legal name now.
If you're seen on Facebook when someone puts a really funny middle name in, that's legal.
I wouldn't say funny.
How shitty would it be to have a new name?
Every time-
Like, oh, I'm in middle school now.
Time to celebrate.
Now I'm called Beyonce.
Fantastic.
Thanks, Mom.
I would love to be able to reinvent myself like that all the time.
You'd be like Prince, you know?
People would never know where you're going.
You know what would be great?
Instead of changing your name, you just add a name to your name.
So like every time you move, you just add another one to the beginning.
So I'm Victoria Rose, Dracey May, Rihanna, and Hailey Grace.
Hi.
Oh, you left.
Okay.
Could you be the kid formerly known as Hailey?
Just go with that.
An unpronounceable symbol that your mom can't pronounce on you.
Now you're just an umlaut over no letter.
That's your name now.
Why is this mom changing the name?
Why won't this mom let her say her daughter's name out in public?
Because if she says her name out in public, the goblins can take her, Griffin.
That's what it is.
This is a Rumpelstiltskin situation.
She promised her firstborn to some sort of diminutive but vengeful spirit.
And now if the child's name is ever said aloud
or not changed to a different Hannah Montana character every few years,
then he'll come and find her and take her away on his big spoon.
And you know, I see that happening more and more.
Giant spoon?
It's a giant spoon.
He rides around on a ladle.
Yeah.
Rumpelstiltskin.
Hold on, I gotta write this.
I need to get a big spoon from Extreme Restraints.
Sorry, go on.
Can I tell you something, Griffin?
Don't go with the fiberglass.
You think the splinters aren't gonna be a problem?
They definitely, definitely are.
Definitely are.
Gots to go with steel.
Gotta go with steel.
Well, careful with that, it gets cold.
If it doesn't get cold, what's the point?
Fair enough.
So you have been kidnapped.
Let's talk about-
So you've been kidnapped.
So you've been kidnapped.
Let's talk about action plans here for a kidnapped person.
One, do you like your new mom?
Do you like new mommy?
She may be nicer than old mommy.
You don't know that.
She actually kind of sounds like Anjelica Huston in every movie
where Anjelica Huston plays an irresponsible mom.
A wildly irresponsible mom.
How many movies is that?
How many movies is that?
Did you confuse her with somebody?
No, no, no.
Several, several movies.
Name one, and do not count Adam's Family Values.
It is, I do not count it.
How about fucking Darjeeling Limited?
And how about, what was that one movie where...
Oh God.
There's another movie where she was a mom
and she was horrible to her child.
Hunger Games.
I don't think that was it.
I'm not sure that's what you're thinking of.
X-Men 3.
Fuck, what was that movie?
God damn it.
Is your mom Anjelica Huston?
Oh, that might make sense.
She might just be eccentric.
Yeah, you know how those movie stars are.
I don't know movie stars.
One day your kid's name Apple the app,
the next day he's name Henny Youngman.
It's famous people for you.
Choke!
If anybody out there-
It was choke.
Everybody, it was choke.
It was choke.
You're right.
I was, whoa, whoa, whoa.
We did not plan this.
This is a question from a listener.
Oh my God.
Hi, I was thinking I would legally change
my full name after college.
I've all decided my new first name to be Bishop,
but I can't think of a last or middle name
that sounds good with it.
Do you think I should go through with this?
If so, what should my new name be?
That's fucking mysterious in Michigan.
Are we serious with this?
Is this?
This is Haley Grace's boyfriend.
Mm-hmm.
My girlfriend keeps changing her name.
I think it's a great idea.
Yeah, I want to change mine to be an X-Man.
Bishop.
Bishop.
Can I call you Bishop?
Can I call-
Should we goof on names to call him
before I tell him not to do it?
Yeah, yeah, let's get a solid,
I'll say two and a half minutes of goofing on the name
and then we'll get to the meat.
You can stick with a chess theme
and go like Bishop Rookpawn.
Yeah.
That's a bad name.
Could you say Archdiocese as a name?
Cardinal.
Ooh, Cardinal's actually not bad.
Bishop Cardinal?
No, no, no.
That's not so good.
Major Major?
Bishop Laser Killer.
No, why would he kill lasers?
No, he uses lasers to kill people.
Bishop Dino Pal.
He's friend of the dinosaurs.
Bishop Exploder.
Stop it.
What's wrong with that?
Bishop the Thundarian is that good.
Bishop of Mars.
I can't go any further.
Don't fucking do this.
Don't do this thing.
I don't care what your old name is.
It's your name.
If you, you have been saving up,
we're big on social currency on this show
and when you change your name
to to Bishop Rocketship
or something even more ironic than that,
you're gonna lose it all.
You're gonna bankrupt yourself
of all that currency
and you're starting from scratch
and let me tell you, you are,
I don't know how old you are.
You're about to graduate college.
You are too old to start from scratch again.
I also feel that changing,
it's a lot like quantum physics.
Hear me out.
In, in observing the experiment,
you're gonna change the outcome.
So in consciously choosing your name,
it's gonna be douchey no matter what.
I like, if I don't think no matter what you choose,
like because you chose it,
it because it's a conscious effort,
it's not gonna work.
When I hear somebody say the name Griffin out loud,
I think that it's kind of a douchey name,
but I didn't give it to myself.
So I haven't, I haven't actually
I haven't out there.
I can just say my parents gave it to me.
So it's legit.
But when I hear other people call themselves Griffin,
I can't help but think
that they are just calling themselves that as a nickname
because it sounded cool that one time
that they heard it on a comedy podcast
or maybe back to the future part two.
Mm-hmm.
Exactly.
Thank you for summing up exactly
what I was getting at Griffin.
Yeah.
Concision.
It's the name of the game.
Bishop Concision.
Bishop Concision.
That's the name of the person.
Don't, don't change your,
don't change your fucking name
because there's no name you can give yourself.
This is like how you can't give yourself a nickname,
but to a legal, like to the billionth degree,
you can't, you cannot do this.
Maybe instead of changing your name,
you should change your outlook on life.
Oh, wow.
Whoa.
We just opened up the secret in here.
I look at this a lot the same way
of people saying like, I want to like,
get a radical hairstyle change
or I want to get like a giant tattoo on my face.
Like all that stuff is fine.
But before you do it, really sit down
and think about what's the real reason I want to do this.
And I'd be willing to bet
it's not because you don't like your name.
What if, can we, hold on.
Devil's advocate.
What if his name right now is like Coney Diarrhea?
We didn't consider the fact that his name right now
might be Coney Diarrhea.
So his name is Rock Jabroni.
What if it's a real, real shitshow in there in that name?
What if his name is Dennis Shitshow?
I'm Dennis Shitshow, attorney of law.
I'm Dennis Shitshow, third grade teacher.
I'm Dennis Shitshow, plumber, get it?
Late night comedy host.
I'm Dennis Shitshow, your father,
and you will obey me as long as you live under my roof.
You are a shitshow, Daniel, and you will act like it.
I think you just gotta,
I think you just gotta let it ride.
You gotta dance with the one who brung you, you know?
And by the one, I mean your fucking legal
God-given Christian name.
Unless four different names brung you
because your mom's a kook.
Yeah, yep.
And then in that case, I guess go hog wild.
She raised you to change her name, so that's you.
That's your identity.
But I wouldn't, I don't think it's a good,
I mean, I think Griffin's right that like the name is not,
I mean, I think maybe this is like body modification
or something, you know?
You want to take ownership, but like, I don't know.
It just seems like cheating, I guess, in a way.
Like, I think we all wish we had names
that were really, really cool.
But, you know, most of us don't
because we're not secret agents or whatever.
Got kind of bummery in here.
Yeah, how about a Yahoo answer?
Yeah, let's clear out, let's open up the windows
and try to sweep some of this bummer out.
Don't change your name, though.
Like, be proud of your name.
Change your situation.
Make people envious of Craig's Shitshow.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Lisa Holofield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Nathan, who asks,
can I pack a toilet plunger in my airplane luggage?
The question is as simple as it says above.
I'm going, oh no, it is not.
I am going on a trip next week
and I am flying to my destination.
Usually how it works.
I like taking a toilet plunger when I drive
so I don't have to call the hotel desk
if a quote unquote bathroom issue arises.
I know it sounds silly, but I truly want to know
if I can pack a toilet, I think they mean a plunger.
If I can pack a toilet in my luggage.
This toilet's broken, I'm putting in my own toilet.
Or if I can carry it on board the plane in a bag, of course.
I really appreciate this.
The problem with packing a toilet is that the caulk
that you'll need to seal it is probably going to be
over three ounces.
So they're going to make you throw that away.
And it's so hard to find travel size caulk.
You know what?
We, we, we like to have a good time here.
Oh, my brother, my brother, hear me
and poke fun at the occupants, guys.
I like this gentleman.
You like him?
You think he's like industrious?
I think, I think he's revolutionary, Justin.
Go on.
Have you never been in that situation?
You've been at a friend's house.
You've been at a hotel and you've clogged it.
And you've had just like that horrifying moment of like,
well, I have two options.
I can either run away and never look back
or I have to call, you know, the front desk.
Or tell my friend like, hey, I'm really bad at bathroom
and I broke it.
It's a weird sort of like.
You realize, you realize that clogging a toilet
is not indicative of a deficit of bathroom skill, right?
It seems pretty bad to me.
Like you've been training for what, for me, 26 years.
And like when I clog a toilet, it's like, hey, you failed.
Griffin, if there aren't, if there aren't, you know,
deficit in the bathroom skill, it's not a skill.
Why do we have training pots?
Exactly. You got to learn how to hold them.
Know when to fold them, you know, I mean, your toilet paper.
This is guy, I'm kind of, I'm kind of with you, Trev.
Now, after thinking about this guy, because it's like,
it seems like a crazy thing and maybe it is.
But flip side, if it pays off, if he avoids a situation,
he is suddenly the smartest guy in the room.
That's what I'm saying.
He, I mean, it's a real high bet, but it, but again,
when it pays out, when that, when the, you know,
comes up all cherries, it will make it seem like,
well, why wouldn't you have a plunger with you?
Of course you would.
I can just write in my head, like the epic situation of like,
as he goes through like the baggage claim and stuff
and they're checking his carry on, they're like,
oh, is this a plunger, bro?
There's nothing illegal about it, but weird.
What a weirdo, right?
But then, then something occurs on the plane
or the plane has to make an emergency landing on an island.
Stop it, stop it.
And they're like, if only someone had a plunger.
There's no toilets on an island, Travis, you just.
If only someone, no, they need the plunger to like,
climb up a mountain or something.
Why would that, what the fuck are you talking about?
They use it like suction cups and they suction cup
to the side of the tree or something.
This isn't, this isn't an episode of Duck Man.
And it stars, and it stars Morgan, Morgan Freeman's there.
And he's like, oh, I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Morgan Freeman's there, and he's like.
Why is Morgan Freeman there?
There's no toilets on the island.
He had the plunger, Griffin.
He's a pilot, Travis.
His friend, John Travolta, would probably fly him
anywhere he wants to go for free.
Maybe John Travolta's writing this question,
and John Travolta wants to carry a plunger in his bag.
You stupid asshole.
No, you're not thinking three-dimensionally, Griffin.
You're thinking very small.
You're thinking inside the box.
I'm thinking outside the box.
There's no box.
There's no toilets on islands.
I'm operating on all these cylinders,
and you're talking about like a tiny, tiny life.
You're saying there are so many practical applications
for a plunger that I can't even begin to understand.
I'm just saying there's more than you think there are.
Like, you have a very small plunger concept, and I think.
You're saying you crash an island, you stand in the waves,
and let your feet sink into the sand,
and then you use the plunger.
You raise the plunger above your head.
You spear a fish, and then you suck into it.
Okay, guys, stop.
I'm putting a stop to this.
There's only one way to settle this.
Okay.
And that is with a plunger usefulness face-off.
Here are the rules.
Okay.
You guys are going to take turns.
Each one of you has to describe a legitimate use
for a plunger that might actually arise in travel,
and through this method,
we will decide the winner of this particular debate.
Okay.
Griffin, I'm going to start with you.
Okay, you poop in a toilet, and you do a bad job,
and you have to undo your mistake.
Okay, Travis.
Uh, you need it to take down a bat,
so you swatted a bat with it.
Okay.
You have to, you get attacked by a dog,
and you have to use it to fight off the dog,
if that's a thing, if that's a concern.
No points for creativity, but the judges accept.
Travis, go on.
Someone else has a plunger,
and challenges you to a plunger duel at dawn.
Mm-hmm.
Griffin, you could challenge that.
Uh.
No, that's, no, that's, I'm going to let that one fly.
Okay.
Um, you, your traveler's checks get lost in the plane,
because the TSA stole them,
and so you have to sell the plunger for,
to get money for food.
It's also a gold plunger.
The plunger's gold, I'm sorry, the plunger's gold.
The plunger was given to you by an old wise man,
and it's enchanted, and it saves the day somehow.
It's a magic, my next, Travis,
literally my next thing was magic plunger.
Okay, so I think we can all agree on magic plunger.
Those two cancel each other out.
Um, you were too cheap to get on extreme restraints,
and buy an actual sex toy,
so you'd use the plunger for sex stuff.
There's, it's got two, it's got two,
it's got two pleasure ends, so.
Heads or tails?
Literally.
Travis, I want to end on that one.
Uh, so you concede.
I do concede that you could use the plunger as a sex toy.
If you're cheap, but it's not,
it's not going to be the kind of high quality product
you're going to find at extremerchains.com.
Nope.
With a coupon code MEDDLESS.
Awesome.
Fantastic.
Helping, really helping people this week.
Really building some bridges, I feel like.
Out of plungers.
Oh, that's another one.
Oh shit.
God, Travis wins!
God damn it.
Pulled it out at the last minute.
Which by the way, by the way,
if you are using the plunger as a sex toy,
don't wait until the last minute to pull it out.
Why would a great poster, a poster campaign?
Are you afraid of getting pregnant by the plunger?
I don't understand.
Yes.
Why am I so turned on right now?
Oh God, I want to end it.
Should we end the show there?
Yes.
Yeah, we did a great show.
Great program.
Thanks.
I feel good about it.
Thank you.
Thank you guys so much for, again,
for supporting us through the Max Fund Drive.
You really are heroes,
and we hope that you enjoyed all the bonus content
and stuff you got.
We really appreciate-
If you donated at the last minute,
like if you donated on Sunday,
the bonus content is still available if you're a donor,
so it doesn't go away.
Yeah, so you can totally treat yourself still.
And thank you to people who are tweeting about the show,
the Justin, Kambo Soup, Iggy K,
of course, the Real Neor,
Undodly G Thomas, Nana Gross,
everybody who tweets about the show.
If you do, make sure you use the NBNBGAM hashtag
and throw a link to our sampler in there.
And if you never watched it,
go check it out.
HTTP colon, forward slash, forward slash.
So hold on, wait, what was that again?
It's bit.ly forward slash, it's my bim bam.
Bit.ly forward slash, it's my bim bam.
What's the protocol though?
What's the hyperlink?
It is a hypertext transfer protocol.
So thank you guys so much for your generosity.
I wanna say a special thanks to everybody
who grabbed Justin or I in the hallways
of the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center
during PAX East this past weekend.
We had a lot of fun
and there were so many bim bam binos there showing support
and it made my weekend, so thanks guys.
I also wanna say a very special thank you
to Heather Marion and Abigail McCauley
who brought us at PAX a signed copy of Warriors
Into the Wild, the book about warrior cats,
by Aaron Hunter, signed by Aaron Hunter to Bramblepelt.
The signature reads, to Bramblepelt.
The signature reads, to Bramblepelt.
Meow, happy birthday, Aaron Hunter.
Now wait, they had to tell, these fucking champions
had to tell Aaron Hunter that the book is for a cat
and this is what this, that's less weird
than explaining the group.
That's not how it panned out.
They asked them, her, to sign it to Bramblepelt
and Aaron Hunter made the logical leap, as anyone would,
that they were getting the book signed
for their cat whose birthday it was.
Hey, Aaron Hunter, you're too deep in the game.
You need to back up a little bit.
You're too deep in the cat game, my friend.
I wanna say also thanks, this is a very thankful
closing segment, thank you to John Roderick
and the Longwinters for the use of our theme song
Into Departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It really starts the show off with a high energy,
burst of energy and I don't know what we would be
without it, we would be nothing, so thank you.
I'd also like to thank everybody.
I've noticed a lot on Twitter and I appreciate this
and I know everyone else on the Max Fund Network does
but seeing someone say like, I'm a fan of MBMBAM
and they mentioned throwing shade, so now I'm a fan
of throwing shade or people saying, I love
Stop Podcasting Yourself and they introduce this
to my brother, my brother and me.
So if you haven't yet, coming off of the Max Fund Drive
is a great time to go check out Judge Don Hodgman,
Jordan Jesse Goh, Throwing Shade, Stop Podcasting Yourself,
Bullseye, all the incredible shows on the Max Fund Network.
You guys ready for the closer?
Oh yes.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Lisa Holifield.
It was asked by Yahoo Answers user.
Oh, it was deleted, so I don't know who asked it
but the question was, how would you dance
to I Only Want to Be With You by Hootie and the Blowfish?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart, hey.
Keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart, man.
These girls are smart, three stacks.
These girls are smart.
I Only Want to Be With You by Hootie and the Blowfish.
