The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Can you feel it in the air? Everything's frosty.
What's that smell? Is that pine? Of course it's pine.
Why is there pine in my nose? Something tells me we on that Christmas creep.
We on that Christmas creep? We on that Christmas creep.
I'm sorry guys, do you mean holiday creep? No, I mean Christmas creep.
You're fucking- Do you mean non-denominational,
non-offensive holiday creep? No, I'm on that going to heaven creep.
Get your socialist moon bat ideologies out of here, Travis.
This product was brought to you by the red, white, and the blue.
Keep your war on Jesus where it belongs in my new religious based fighting game.
Holy terror. Holy terror.
It's in full effect here in the ATX. Our street is known for its extravagant
Christmas light displays, and I am paralyzed by fear of not being able to live up to the
expectations. Do you have a plan, Griffin?
I do, and it's- A design that you're shooting for?
Sort of like a Jackson Pollock of light, you know what I mean?
It's sort of like a- Just slopping something up there.
Just slopping, just maybe sort of like a Kevin Pollock of light, and maybe I'll do like,
I'll do like, I'll cover myself in lights and then stand up in the front yard and just do my
favorite Kevin Pollock routine, and I'll do that day in and day out, and that can be the whole
display. It's like fun- When you say your favorite Kevin
Pollock routine, do you mean like you would be doing an impression of Kevin Pollock doing an
impression of someone else? That is precisely what I mean.
It's fun for kids, it's fun for adults, it's fun for your grandma and your dog,
but not for Kevin Pollock. If he comes around, I'm gonna have to do
someone else. Yeah, you're gonna have to do
someone else doing Gryffindor walking. So just throw in some- Do you have any,
I mean, do you have any expertise with wiring or anything like that?
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Wiring, electricity, electrodes.
Are you gonna have to wire it up? Gryffin, if you could wire it up so that
like every time you flush the toilet, like Santa would wave, so that your neighbors really know
how it's going. Could the-
Maybe the lights are spelled out in a way that just makes it say,
I just pooped. And then people will know, people will know that.
I think Gryffin's gonna have the oversized like PSA
plug that Louie the Lightning Bug warned us about. That outlet with like
eight different plugs plugged into it. Gryffin, just remember, you gotta play it
safer on electricity. I'm gonna have it going into a European
converter and then back into an American converter. It's gonna be disgusting.
And then- Gryffin, is there a potato in the middle of
your extension cord? Gryffin, is this a hyperconductive
piece of produce that you've used, you've lodged in here?
At the end of the day, you got yams. That's not how it works?
Yeah, it is. Yeah, it is. If you cook a potato-
Plus electrical equivalent does not equal yams.
Yeah, that's how they turn. Let's answer some questions.
This is an advice show for the modern era after all.
Did we introduce ourselves? I don't believe we did.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Chavis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, Gryffin McElroy.
This is My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era.
And here we go. I'm moving schools in a month,
and I had an idea. I'm gonna pretend I can't smell
at my new school. It's just a little thing that will
make me unique. Is this a good idea?
Any ideas on why I can't smell? How about because you're an angel,
and because angels can't smell. Is that fun enough for you?
You're an angel sent by God.
What are you doing?
Have you casually dropped that you can't smell
in a conversation at your new school? When someone's just like,
smell the french fries in the lunch room. I can't.
I smell that Christmas creep. I'm not aware of any Christmas creep.
I certainly cannot. You know,
this is gonna be all negative for you because you're gonna
constantly have to keep in your mind that you can't smell
that horrible thing that you smell. But not only that,
your friends are gonna test this shit constantly.
You are gonna have four butts around your head farting at all times
just so that people will be like, oh, what's wrong?
Let's assume that you're in high school. When you drop something like,
oh no, I've lost the ability to smell, high school students do not
inherently go, oh, okay, I accept that.
Interesting.
Yeah, of course.
It could be college, but even college students, I think,
haven't mastered the curve yet where they're like, oh, I understand
and I will be more sensitive to that. Next time we drop by that bakery,
I won't say anything about it.
I haven't learned tact yet, so smell everything.
Everybody, when they go to a new school, has to adopt some sort of affectation.
That's like, even if you find that process completely douche-tastic,
it's gonna happen, you've gotta do it, or else you'll be eaten alive.
I'm just not sure this is the one.
The things that you could do to make yourself unique,
not being able to smell is one of the least attractive,
least interesting ones.
It's so high pressure and it's so easily disproven.
Why not go with something that's more...
Like, I met Donny Osmond.
Like, nobody can, unless they hunt down Donny Osmond.
I am Donny Osmond.
Do you remember this fool, Donny?
Like, that's the only way that that's gonna be disproven.
I think you're thinking too small.
I think you need to pretend you're a kid who can't walk.
What about that?
Wow.
Okay.
Ooh, ooh, pretend you're a kid who can't walk.
Keep it up for like two months and then start to improve.
Mm.
Oh, I love that.
Start to gain the ability to walk.
Does the school rally behind you?
Yes.
Oh, oh, oh, before you put on this ruse,
can you train your body to be like the world's fastest runner?
And then now that's a kid's...
Every fucking day some kid stands up from his wheelchair
and starts walking.
That's not cool.
You know what's cool?
A billion dollars.
What I'm saying is practice basketball a lot.
Get great at basketball.
So at the end they're like, coach, coach,
if Wheelie Rob isn't gonna play, I'm not gonna play.
He's learning to walk and I'm proud of him.
Yeah.
And then they'll be like, give it to, put in Rob, put in Rob.
And then you'll get it like, what?
I guess this whole time I've been great at dunking.
And then you look as surprised as anybody.
Another idea is you just get really good at basketball
and then you'll be fucking popular
because you're really good at basketball
and you don't have to pretend to be handicapped.
Listen, I think that terminology may be offensive.
I have a hard time keeping up.
What's the...
The first day go in and say, I have anosmia.
I got it from a nasal spray.
I use the nasal spray too much.
I was too congested.
Is there a kid who's gonna hear that and go,
oh, fucking cool, he used too much nasal spray.
And then if anybody busts you on it, you say, no, my bad.
I said, insomnia.
And I have a hard time getting to sleep at night.
How about, okay, I'm gonna throw out, it's a little change,
but I think it'll make it easier to keep up the ruse.
Instead of saying you can't smell, say you don't smell.
Like you've made a choice.
Smell this, like, oh no, I choose not to.
I would rather not smell.
Well, that's a good life advice regardless.
If someone says, hey, smell this, usually the answer is no.
Yeah, I would prefer not to.
I choose not to.
I think that you say the reason you,
I think the reason that you lost your smelling
is the important part of the story.
I think it can't be something tame.
I think it's gotta be like you went on a Coke bender.
Maybe you went on a Coke bender with Donny Osmond
and then it's the best of both worlds.
Griffin, please give us the Yahoo question.
Sure, this Yahoo question is sent in by Michael Lee.
Thank you, Michael.
It's by Yahoo Answers User Question Mark.
Somebody explain what that meant.
I think it's like the person deleted their account,
which I love that Yahoo Answers treasures their questions
so much that they don't just delete the questions too.
Question Mark asks, how do I un-potty train myself?
How do I un-potty train myself?
I am a teen baby and really want to know
how to un-potty train myself night and day
so I can be more like a baby again.
Yep.
Just wait.
Just wait, like wait 60 years.
Close your eyes, relax.
And wait for 60 years.
You'll be un-potty trained, easy.
I guess.
Easy.
It sounds like this guy is looking for a better answer
than just poop and pee in your pants
instead of in the toilet like a big boy does,
like you did on your big boy birthday.
But I don't know what to tell him.
Open your toilet and put scorpions in.
That is an option to you.
Yes.
They're about to use the toilet.
Don't.
Okay, Josh, you think of it small.
Let's go back to scorpions for a second.
When you're about to use the toilet,
you look at the toilet and say no, not today.
And I will hear a million toilets screaming poop at us
and I will whisper no.
Can you remove the toilet from your house?
Or better yet, can you have a friend do it
when you least expect it?
Oh, this?
This is the bye-bye hole.
There used to be a toilet here.
Now I just put things in it I never want to see again.
What?
Like all of my friendships.
And my dignity.
Hey, Justin and Travis.
Yeah.
Can you explain to me what a teen baby is?
And it's not, apparently it is not a baby sired by a teen,
which is what I prayed to Jesus it did mean.
So some people have chosen to live their life
and I'm trying to be very diplomatic here
because I'm sure there are people who listen to this show
who are adult babies, but some people have chosen
to live their lives as babies
because that's what makes them happy to live as babies.
And I'm not sure if it's completely always sexual in nature.
If it's not sexual in nature, what is it?
Because it sounds pretty fucking sexy.
Here's my thing with adult babies.
Okay.
I mean, nice work if you can get it.
I'd like to be a baby too.
Like I think we'd all like to figure out
how to put this particular genie back in the bottle.
And I'd do re-bottle.
If I may, even then.
You may.
Adult baby, I get that.
Adults, tons of responsibility, it fucking sucks
and you want to be a baby and just be taken care of.
I get it.
Teen baby, what's your life really like that's so hard?
No, Travis.
As a teenager that you're like,
if only I could regress eight years.
Think back to high school.
High school is, middle school especially,
but high school to some extent,
the worst part of your entire life.
The absolute worst part.
I feel like the reason that not all teenagers are teen babies
is because they don't know that that's an option.
Yeah, they can't just retreat.
If there was some sort of awareness campaign like,
hey, here's this crazy fetish you can get into
and then you don't have to deal with the,
you know, how none of your classmates like you,
then that, I feel like it would become much more popular.
I think that it would be like at least a secondary,
maybe tertiary storyline on Glee.
And honestly, I would say that if you,
if you are charismatic enough,
you could probably pull off teen baby
and be one of the most popular kids in school.
Travis.
You would be like, ah, it's big baby, what's up?
I think you're thinking of Teen Wolf.
Yeah, Teen Wolf couldn't pull that.
You're right, you guys, sorry.
Oh, could you tell your new school that you're a werewolf?
Oh, they would want to see some, some.
They're gonna need to see Heartproof.
Yeah, they're gonna need to see the long form.
Tell them it's too dangerous.
Now, the commitment is two days out of every month,
you can't go to school.
You don't want to see me, I get super Randy
and I'm real good at basketball
and I surf on top of my friend's van.
It's too dangerous, you don't want to see this.
I do want to update everybody about teen babies.
You can go to the tbjumpstation.tripod.com
and find a whole web network of great links
to TBDL and bedwetter sites.
All right.
Now, here's the really important thing.
I find this web design more offensive than teen babies.
I find it more upsetting.
Uh, there are lists of links
and they have put pictures of sunglasses
next to the best ones.
Like for instance, good old Andy's play pin
at ibigbaby.net, that's got sunglasses.
Jared's diaper site, which is not a good name,
has sunglasses.
Now, why is that not a good name?
Because it sounds like it gets straight
to the heart of the matter.
I think it's Jared.
I think it's an odd comparison.
There's one called teens who wear diapers,
which is direct.
Again, we are getting into the nitty gritty.
I enjoy, my favorite personal website
is Tony's nappy place.
God, these are also so real.
No, here's the best advice
you're ever gonna get from a bim bam.
Never take a nap or become unconscious
in any way around anyone named Tony.
Ever.
Ever.
Now, those are just the premium links.
If you're willing to go down.
To get down into the snickle frit.
If you're willing to get down into the chaff,
might I suggest angelfire.com
forward slash ct forward slash poop2
and you'll be transported to Baby Sammy's Baby Summers,
which is this,
I think it's supposed to be a series of stories
about Baby Sammy,
but there is just one story called
Baby Sammy's First Ever Baby Summer.
And yes, you guessed it.
It does have 30,000 views.
Jesus, is there any website
on tripod or angel fire remaining
that isn't about fucking people in really weird ways?
I can't find any if there are
and I've looked.
Oh, have I looked.
It's like if you have a baking website,
you transfer from Angel Fire to Tumblr in like 2005.
I feel like the people who haven't gotten the net
are the people who spend their entire day
pretending to be fucking babies that are 38 years old.
Not that there's anything wrong with it
despite the tone of my voice right now.
I know it may sound,
it sounds angry and confused and a little worried,
but it's totally kosher.
Right.
I just, I'm not angry.
I'm not judging.
I'm just, I'm just confused.
I want to know if it's like a full on
like diaper bib rattle lifestyle
or if it's like a mental thing
that like you just know deep inside that you're a baby
and that's enough to get you through.
I want to know what that match.com profile looks like.
Like do you come right out with it?
Because it sounds like a pretty defining thing in your life.
I think you should probably figure out
how people are going to be with that.
I think you got to get a read on that before anything.
You think it's going to hit some people's palette
and be like, no, it has a nice finish.
It's like a raspberry jelly.
I wasn't expecting it, but it's very refreshing.
Hey, that, maybe it's good to be a teen baby
because you get it out of your system.
For instance, when I was a teen,
I took cotillion classes
and thought the Heights was a pretty good band.
So maybe-
Wait, so wait, if you're a teen baby,
then do you grow up to be an adult teen
and then you grow up to be a senior adult
and then eventually you're just, you're just-
Actually, Cloris Leachman, just an old, old lady
with the heart of like a 45 year old.
You can actually keep going back.
You can keep rewinding to baby.
It's like that movie Big, but the complete opposite.
It's called Small.
It's called Small over and over again,
starring Tom Hanks as a teen baby.
Well, that's what, that's what-
Oh, that's right, sorry.
That's copyright infringement.
I have a severe problem.
I got an interview to apply to Cambridge.
However, two days before, I'm also going to a party.
I'd quite like to get characteristically wasted,
but I need to be on the ball for this interview.
So how can I make sure I have fun at the party
whilst maintaining a hangover less interview?
That's from Blasted and Blighty.
Man, I've gotten, I've gotten fully Blasty Blasted before
and I have never had a hungover, hangover for two days.
That's never, I have never had a 48 hour.
That would be rough.
Yes.
One, that's amazing.
If you do that, you should tell some kind of news program
and get on TV.
And then some sort of counselor.
48 hour hangover.
Secondly, don't, don't, like just don't.
Do you, are you writing into an internet advice show
because you don't know how to not get so drunk
that you're drunk for two days?
Is that?
You don't know how to not get so drunk
that you ruin your future?
Like, just don't.
This isn't like, but the girl of my dreams is gonna be there
and I'm worried that if I don't, just, just don't.
Don't.
Just don't.
Maybe, maybe go to the party, say hello to some friends
and then excuse yourself at a reasonable hour.
Go home and think about how great it's gonna be
to graduate from a good college with a great education.
And just don't drink that much.
Just don't.
Maybe space it out.
One drink, one glass of water.
One drink, one glass of water.
Just really hold yourself back.
You have a lot of options as far as moderation goes,
but I am actually, I am shocked at you two
for telling him not to YOLO
because you do only live once
and then that's gonna end in like 23 days
when Quetzalcoatl comes out.
And so like, it's, we can't really,
I feel like it's irresponsible for us not to say,
you know, YOLO, YOLO, live like you were dying.
Is there a thing for a live like you were?
But is there any way to like, transition it and say,
yes, it's YOLO, but it's also like a
choose your own adventure YOLO
and you could say you only live once,
it's time to get wasted at this party
or you only live once,
I should prepare for this big interview.
Okay, but have you, when teens use YOLO,
when teens exercise their YOLO,
they don't, it's always like they're jumping off of a bridge
with a bungee cord and they're like, YOLO.
You never see a teen like walking into
like an important college interview,
like, all right, man, YOLO.
And then he comes in the door
because then the interviewer is like, what's a YOLO?
Explain to me what a YOLO is.
Speaking of which, this week I was a little tipsy
and I came up with a great slogan for a frozen yogurt stand
and the lady who's producing our musical,
one of the two ladies producing our musical
that Sydney and I are working on right now
is in the frozen yogurt business.
So I texted her, I said, I got a great slogan for you.
Check this out, fro YOLO.
And she said it was great
and admitted to me two days later,
she had never heard YOLO.
So it probably did not come off as a great slogan in the moment.
But now it's a great slogan, I call it fro yo Baggins.
Fro YOLO.
Okay, that's not, I don't understand.
It means nothing to me.
That doesn't mean anything to me.
I respect you as a person.
Arrangement of all capitalized letters.
But okay, thank you for passing that on.
And then I made a point of saying
that she could use it for free.
I didn't want there to be any sort of question of payment.
Like it's just hers, gratis.
I'm surprised at you, Justin.
Why?
Don't sell yourself so short.
You're right, I should have charged.
Your future wife could be at this party.
What's up?
What's up now?
Yeah, your future wife could also attend Cambridge.
Yeah, but that's much less likely, don't you think?
No, I'm sorry.
Your future wife is probably not gonna be knocked off her feet
by the guy who literally knocked her off her feet
because he's falling around the room drunk.
Two day drunk.
Why would you not want to be at the top of your game
to meet the girl of your dreams?
Do you guys not understand?
This show is better when there's contention
between the three of us.
Of course he should go to the fucking interview.
Of course go to the goddamn interview, of course.
You dumb dumb.
But it's way better if I'm like, what if he likes to-
I know, why are you tearing down the walls?
Why are you-
Because it sounds like you guys don't get it.
And I don't want people to think
that I'm endorsing irresponsible drinking.
Just smoke-
We endorse responsible drinking.
Get really drunk after the interview
to celebrate how awesome your interview went.
Or get really drunk and then roll on some doja
because they cancel each other out.
Does the doja help?
The doja gets in there and it fights the toxins of the alcohol.
It lowers your content, actually.
If you get pulled over, I saw it on Mythbusters,
if you get pulled over and you're about to get DUI'd,
you just roll a quick doja, if you-
Yeah, that weed special was one of the weirdest episodes
of Mythbusters I've ever seen.
Yeah.
Jamie Hyneman was like, yeah, man.
My hands are shaking.
That's what people sound like when they-
I've never heard-
I've never been around-
Hey, I got an idea.
Let's blast this cannon through that dude's house.
Let's do it.
It's a Mythbusters deep cut for everybody.
Okay, I think if you don't end up hungover for the interview,
you should announce that first.
Say, good news, I'm not hungover for this.
Listen, I don't want to brag.
I don't want to brag, but I was really worried
that I would still be hungover from two days ago,
but it turned out that I wasn't.
So what's your first question?
First question, will I leave?
Sure, yeah.
Okay.
Okay, let's go.
Let's go to the Money Zone.
Guys, we have the return today,
the return of Audible as a podcast sponsor.
And as we requested, we have a handsome female voice
to read the, it's like a professional podcast.
We have a handsome female voice to read to you about Audible
sent in by Nancy Hartunian.
Thanks, Nancy.
This podcast is brought to you by Audible.com,
the internet's leading provider of audio books
with more than 100,000 downloadable titles
across all types of literature,
including fiction, nonfiction, and periodicals.
For a free audio book of your choice,
go to audiblepodcast.com slash my brother.
Yeah, perfect, Nancy, thank you.
Yeah, like every professional podcast,
we like to warn you before it's about the sound professional
to give you a nice buffer.
In case this transition is grating to your ears.
Well, I didn't want them to be like,
whoa, did my computer glitch out
and now it's playing Radio Lab?
Like, no, don't worry about it.
It's super not still, super not Radio Lab.
Although I can tell you all about science facts.
Yeah, we're basically Radio Lab for cool people.
Do you guys know what creates rainbows?
What?
Um, kid wishes.
Gay dust.
Hey!
God.
What?
What's gay dust?
It's from, I don't know, crunched up gay things.
And if you want to crunch up some gay things,
you need to head to streamerstraights.com.
That's right.
The magic's back for an unprecedented holiday spectacular.
How people have been so cold.
People have been like,
people are like going around like breaking off chair legs
and like trying to jam it in themselves
because they don't know.
They don't know what to do without our fucking guidance.
This is like a extreme restraints presents
my brother, my brother and me season two.
Mm-hmm, we took a brief summer break,
but now we're back with the new plot line.
This is the season premiere.
The season premiere.
One of us buys some special balls
that you put in your butt hole to make sex feel better.
Strict, like here's my featured item today.
Strict leather locking butt plug harness
with an inflatable plug.
So let me walk you through this.
You gotta ring around your, your ding dong.
You have a bucket full of poses.
And a pocket full of, you have a belt
that goes up to your belly button
and then around your waist and through your butt hole.
And then you can inflate it to make your butt bigger.
I think that's how that works.
Okay, can I drop some knowledge on you
about the Strict Leather Cock Straight Jacket?
Hit me.
It's a straight jacket for your cock
and also according to this picture,
your balls also.
Your whole ball, it's your whole unit.
You get it tied up in this thing.
God, I have like, I have like 14 dicks
on my monitor right now.
And you have to, I guess it's like a trick.
It's like a stunt and you try to get it out.
It's fun for the kids.
It's fun for the whole family.
You can do like Houdini, but with your,
but it's like your dick instead of like an immigrant.
Holy shit.
Okay, you guys, I feel that when we do
the Extreme Restraint spots,
we have a tendency to focus on stuff for dudes.
And so now I'm going to say,
my product of the week
is the Passionista Vibrating Strapless Strap-On.
Hold up.
Looks like.
How does it strapless strap on?
I don't even know, Griffin.
And it adheres to your body through magic.
Yes, it just will never let go.
Once it's in, it never goes away.
It's a permanent fixture now.
Well, you're going to have to buy new pants, I guess.
It's like an eight prong thing
and it's just fun for everyone is what it says.
And it looks fun for everyone.
So it's like a, it's like a menorah?
Yes, it's a sexy menorah.
If you're looking for a perfect, perfect candle night's present,
then this butt menorah is going to be your thing.
I want you guys to know I keep looking at it and blushing.
So check it out.
If Travis's audio sounds bad right now,
it's because he's got both of his hands
in front of his mouth and he's giggling.
Here's a quick sample of a review
from the Strix Leather Locking Butt Plug Harness
with Inflatable Plug.
My wife buy this for me to wear to work
and around the house, one day I was in the bedroom
wearing this butt plug harness
and the kids were out playing with their friends.
Hey kids, hey kids, big news, big scoop
from my brother, my brother and me.
You thought you were having fun outside
but your dad was having the real fun in the bedroom
when you saw him through the window
and he looked happy, that is why.
It wasn't because he loves you.
It was because he had-
He does love you.
He does love you but he also loves this apparently a balloon
and it's asshole.
Listen, we don't wanna scare you off with these.
These products are more on the extreme side
of extreme restraints.
Maybe things are getting a little stale in the bedroom.
They have all gradients of sexual pleasure tools
for you to enjoy.
Maybe you just wanna, maybe you just wanna Dilbo.
Maybe you just want some lubricants.
Maybe you want something with a little flavor.
Then these are all things that you can play with
and experiment with and it's safe and it's fun.
It's called, they're called Dilbos, right?
They're called Dilbos and listen,
if you want your Dilbos at a bargain rate,
you're gonna wanna go to extrememachines.com,
spelled just how it sounds,
and enter the coupon code MIDDLEST.
What'll that save you?
What that's gonna save you is 20%.
That's a fifth.
That's a fifth or a fourth.
That's a fifth.
We'll call it a fifth.
Let's call it an even fifth.
Well, you can call it that
because math arithmetic fucking says
that that's what the number is.
I agree to disagree.
Let's decide that it's a fifth.
Let's say a fifth for now and then we'll revisit.
extrememachines.com, coupon code MIDDLEST.
At some sex shops, when they sell you a Dilbo
at four fifths of the price,
they'll chop off the tip of the Dilbo
and send you four fifths of the Dilbo.
The extremist trains will not short you like that.
You get the whole hog.
That's their motto.
Come to Extremist Trains and get the whole hog.
But the hog in this case is like a fake cock.
It's like a hog.
It's like a hog.
Yeah, I guess I didn't need to be any more explicit than that.
Sure, yeah, I think it's covered.
This Christmas will be the first I've had
while being in a long-term romantic relationship.
And my girlfriend for sure expects me
to get her something nice.
The problem is I'm a minimalist.
And in my lifestyle, I'm a mental mentalist.
I am so opposed.
I'm a mentalist.
I'm so opposed to non-materialism that I cannot say it.
This Christmas will be the first that I've had
while being in a long-term romantic relationship.
And my girlfriend for sure expects me
to get her something nice.
The problem is I'm a minimalist in my lifestyle.
And as such, I have a really terrible, terrible time
picking out things to give people.
I'm just as bad at selecting gifts all around.
It occurred to me, however, that my girlfriend
and a close female friend of mine,
who full disclosure, I previously had
a pseudo romantic relationship with,
have similar taste in fashion accessories and stuff.
And that if I got her to help me pick something out,
it would for sure be a hit with my girlfriend.
I just can't decide if this idea is brilliant and practical,
solution of my gift giving woes, or the worst idea ever.
That's from Gift Blind Guy in Minneapolis.
Oh, it's the worst idea ever.
Hey, Gift Blind Guy, if you want to get back together
with the first girl you dated, just do it, okay?
Please don't make me watch you at JCPenney
as you go through the scarves, okay?
Thank you.
Um, I mean, it depends entirely on what the relationship is.
I mean, it depends entirely on what the relationship is
between the two women.
Because if your girlfriend is not comfortable
with you hanging out this former beau of yours,
then I don't think she would be cool with like,
oh, these are so great slacks.
I love these slacks.
Where'd you get these slacks?
And you say, JCPenney, and you say, how much do they cost?
And you say, well, don't ask me a question about that.
Like, that is a gift.
And say, oh, well, how did you know
how I would like these slacks?
And then you say, oh, oh, Large Marge told me.
Why did I, I am so fucking bad at thinking in names
whenever I tell anecdotes.
Let's roll with Large Marge.
So your friend, Large Marge, helps you to pick this out.
If she, if current, current special someone
does not know about your relationship with Large Marge.
Small Marge.
It's Small Marge.
If New Marge doesn't know about Large Marge,
then you are fine.
Here are some key notes.
I don't care what the relationship is.
No one wants to hear that they needed someone
of the opposite sex to help them pick a gift
because they know you that little.
Like, that's not, that's going to sully the present.
They must never know, okay?
That's number one.
No reason, no reason.
I don't think there's any reason to be bad
at buying people gifts.
Because that just means that you don't know what they like.
Like, yeah, this is the problem is that when you say
that she wants something nice and you're a minimalist
and blah, blah, blah, you're missing the point.
The point is not how expensive or how big
or how great the present is.
It's that when, my feelings on gift giving
is that when the person opens the present
and sees it for the first time,
they should know instantly why you thought
they would like it.
Right.
Whether they actually do or not,
they should be able to think, okay, well,
he knows that I like this movie
and this is a piece of memorabilia from that.
Or he knows that my favorite color is blue
and so he bought me this blue shirt.
I come at it more from a shock and awe angle
where like, holy shit, I can't believe this person
spent this much money on me.
I'm just saying your advice makes you really sound
like one of the 47%, but go on.
It sounds like poor people advice.
You're poor mouthing right now.
Well, do you, okay, so gift line,
do you want me to solve this for you?
Do it.
And it's a little tweak,
but just don't have the person go with you.
Ask them beforehand, ask Large Marge, say,
hey, I'm trying to think of things
to get my girlfriend this Christmas.
Do you have any suggestions?
And then you don't have to say
that someone helped you pick it out.
Well, except that she did.
No, I do that all the time.
If like, and I never, you know, go on that solely,
but I'll pull some friends and say,
I'm thinking about getting Teresa this.
What do you think?
You know what I mean?
Like, there's no shame in asking the audience.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
So you don't have to go in it alone,
but maybe don't make the person such an intrinsic part
of picking out the gift
that you've got to give them credit for it.
How about this?
Let's buy her some lotion, you goofster.
Is this a surefire hit?
What flavor?
You know, fucking pecans or vanilla or something food,
like some sort of dessert flavor.
Or just get her some food.
See, that's classic.
That's how Large Marge thought.
Large Marge wanted everything to smell like food.
So of course she's going to get you like barbecue sauce lotion,
but that's not what New Marge likes.
New Marge likes baubles.
Yeah.
Maybe, maybe get her a date at the spa.
I bet, who wouldn't like that?
Maybe get her some bath salts, actual bath salts or the drug.
Yeah, just get her the drug.
Have you guys noticed,
and I don't know if it is this way at your personal malls,
but have you noticed that like after November 1,
the Bath and Body Works is just untenable.
Yeah.
You cannot enter that.
It is a throng of humanity.
It is Black Friday in that particular kiosk all month long.
Yeah.
And the smell, the smell manifests into a very physical presence.
It's a visible smell coming out of that place.
You will see like a smell ghost,
like wafting out of the front door saying coming in.
It's like somebody baked all of the different cookies
that there are in the world
and then covered them in rose petals
and then buried them in the ground for 2000 years
and then dug that up and then injected it straight into the nostrils.
When the like whiff of smell comes out
and like entices the hobo to like come to the pie in the window.
Yeah.
It's like that only with sons and husbands
who don't know what their wives or moms like.
Yeah.
Going into Bath and Body Works
to get a gift for your significant other
is basically just like giving up.
Just like, I don't know.
I guess they like to smell good and be soft.
Fuck.
Shit.
Smell beautiful for me, Deborah.
It is also like the quintessential like,
you know, white elephant, you know, secret Santa present.
I'm like, I know nothing about this person
except that they don't like to stink.
I just don't like the idea of getting somebody a gift
that basically says,
I want you to smell better for like two weeks
and then this is going to be gone.
Enjoy this for less than a month.
Can we also say that there's something skeezy about saying,
I got you a gift and I want you to rub it all over your body.
Rub this on your body.
I've gotten several grandmothers lotion from Bath and Body Works
and that thought didn't really cross my mind.
It was more like, this is just twisted peppermint.
Rub it all over your body.
No, it was more like,
I got a vanilla, Vanilla Bean Noel.
Take this Vanilla Bean Noel.
Rub it all over your ashy elbows.
Mine was more like, oh, meeps, meeps, meeps.
I know that your hands get all crackly
when you play computer pachinko.
So why don't you rub this sweet, sweet peppermint all over.
I'll take care of that crackly problem.
You can play pachinko uninterrupted.
It's very, it's very, very dry in your assisted living housing.
Maybe put some pink sugar plum onto those crackle knuckles.
Oh, meepers, it's dry, dry work, writing in all caps on my Facebook wall.
You know you got to lube them up.
Lube those, lube those joints up so you can keep clicking and sharing.
As to how the jazz musician made his way into our conversation about lotion.
Jazz musician has a grandma too.
I'm jazz granny.
I'm Lou Reed and I'm going to rub stuff all over all your grandmas.
I'm going to put a little soul in a bowl.
We're going to rub stuff, wait, wait.
Did you say Lou Reed or Lou Ross?
I said both of them.
Both of them have grandmothers after all.
We all have grandmothers, don't we folks?
Lou Ross is going to tag team your grandma's elbows.
I used to like this show, my brother, my brother, me,
and then every episode devolved into them low talking
and try to say the most upsetting things they could think of to each other.
Vanilla bean Noel, folks.
That's the scent to watch, in my opinion.
I'm keeping track of all the scent stock markets.
I have invested heavily in pink sugar plum.
Yankee Candle has got it popping off.
They've got some apple and pine needle.
Ooh, that smells great.
That sounds delightful.
So I've dropped about 10 large on one that's just called buttholes.
They sell it only on extreme restraints.
Some people just can't get enough of that funky stuff.
That funky stuff.
This isn't funky.
Funky is a terrible word.
Now at Yankee Candle, they now have scents for men.
Pumpkin pie is not a scent for it.
They're all scents for men.
No, I'm talking about there is a smell like, for example, of
fresh pussy.
Like the smell of freshly cut wood.
The smell of carpentry, basically, is a smell you can get at Yankee Candle.
I want to know how you play that off to your bros when they're like,
hey, bro, have you been cutting the cabinet?
Are you building something with your own hands?
Like, well, almost.
I lit a candle that smelled like I did.
Are we good?
Am I good right now?
Am I good?
I'm sorry, Yankee Candle.
I usually like you, but I do not live in a world in which I light a pumpkin spice candle
and some bros walk in the room and say, oh, are you burning a candle like a lady?
I've never heard that before.
You light a cut wood candle and your girlfriend comes home and is like,
what the fuck is this shit?
I hate this smell.
Oh, it's like poison.
And now I can't smell.
Well, there is an actual, no bullshit, Yankee Candle that is called,
and I kid you not, Man Town.
That is a candle.
You could go to Yankee Candle and say,
I tell you where I want this scent to transport me to, Man Town.
Which is also the follow up hit to The Weather Girl's It's Raining Men.
About this fragrance, escape to the man cave with this masculine blend of spices, woods and musk.
Oh my God.
Is there a word worse than musk?
That's been the problem with men exclusive rooms all these years
is that they haven't smelled enough like dudes.
No, wait a minute.
I got that completely backwards.
No one ever walks into your quote unquote man cave.
First off, gross.
Second, no one ever walks into your man cave and says,
man, I tell you what it could smell more like in here right now, dude.
Or better yet, I fucking love this smell,
but it's so hard to get bros together, drink beer, eat corn nuts,
and watch football all the time.
I wish I could wake up to this scent.
I just wish that there was some way that I could just take myself to Man Town.
I tell you, I tell you, Philippe,
it really, really smells like you've had a bunch of dudes in here hanging out and broing.
It smells like that, doesn't it?
It's pretty much just been me, me and my candles.
We had a pretty heavy bro sesh last week and the musk is still hanging in the,
it's in the wallpaper.
That stank ain't never coming out.
Well now it won't because I just don't know what,
but if you light a candle-
What market?
Yeah, what's the market?
If I light a candle, the use is almost always to get rid of a smell that a man created.
It is almost always from like, ah, Greg, you left your fish out again.
Guys, I know what the market is.
Tell me.
Army wives.
Oh no, oh no, oh no.
How could this be?
How could this happen?
130 episodes without picking on America's most deserving demographic, army wives.
They've had it easy for too long.
Here comes my brother, my brother and me to knock that proverbial-
Calm, calm, calm.
We're gonna bully you.
Here we are.
Can we end the show?
I feel terrible.
Yeah, that's the end.
Yeah, I think, yeah, I think that's the end of the show.
Absolutely.
I don't really know if we've really given it to army wives enough.
I think we even, we cracked open the door and it was enough.
They're getting, listen, listen, army wives, you're unnoticed.
We don't have any good goose for you this week, but next week, oh boy.
You're getting off easy, easy right now, but-
You're finally gonna get yours next week.
You'll get your comeuppance.
This has been my brother, my brother, me.
It's an advice show.
Thank you so much for listening, for whatever reason you do do that.
Thank you for tweeting about the show with the MBMBAM hashtag.
Metrixer, Amy El Russo, Little Socrates, Crystal Whalen, of course.
Mason VD, Alphagetti, I believe, James Leff from Miss Dapper, DJ Pazazz, everybody.
We really appreciate it.
The Thunder Boss.
Also, I wanna throw out, Christian is heading out to basic training, I think this week,
and he's looking forward to two months of my brother, my brother, and me waiting for him
when he gets back.
So Christian, have a good time, I guess.
Thank you.
Get training.
Get trained up, basically.
Thank you for your service, and apologies for that sweet transition.
Travis Engineer, sorry to your wife if that's a thing.
I wanna thank John Roderick and The Long Winters for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
A great Candle Nights present, I'm sure.
I'm sure everybody who listens to this show already owns that album, but maybe your friends
don't, maybe your parents don't.
Your parents are gonna love these sounds.
He's got a real Peter Gabriel thing going for him that your rinse are just gonna enjoy.
Travis, do you have anything you wanna say?
I actually do.
I realized going through the questions this week, we get a lot of questions every week,
and we can only answer usually three or four or two for not really paying attention.
I just wanted you guys to know, I do read every email that you guys send, and I just
wanna say, I love all of you so much, and I'm sorry that we can't get to all your questions
every week, but just know that I do read and I do care, and I know that some of you are
going through some pretty tough stuff, and just know that we're here and we're pulling
for you no matter who you are or what problems you're going through.
We care about you.
So there, we love you.
There, I said it.
There, the truth's out.
Take a load off, Andy, and put that load right on me, but not in like a sex way.
Do you guys wanna Yahoo?
Yeah.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Frederick Olson.
Thank you, Frederick.
It's by Yahoo answer user Hunita, who asks, what kind of juice is good?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
