The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say hey I wanna, just say hey I wanna.
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, welcome to Kayfabulous, your source for wrestling news.
What is the name of our radio station? Kayfabulous. I do not.
As you know, in pro wrestling, Kayfabe is the portrayal of events within the industry as real
or true. It represents a suspension of disbelief required to watch wrestling. So Kayfabulous is
the name of our wrestling show that we're doing. If you have to look at Urban Dictionary to decipher
a goof, then. Like I don't, but like if you're in the world, this is a show for true fans. I am,
ever since I am watching Wrestlemania tonight, I have been really into the world, the mythos,
if you will, of Wrestlemania, or as I like to call it, the big slam. And Kayfabulous is a new
direction for my brother, my brother and me in Advice Show for the Modern Era, that represents
that new direction, that bold new direction that I'm taking our show in. This is not an April fool.
So basically what you're saying is we've, we've picked a fake sport for fake sport people.
What? Who's your favorite slam man right now? People who are working right now. I mean,
all time, obviously, uh, Brett, the Hitman Hart, uh, right now. Is he the one who fell and died?
No, no, no. That's his brother, his dear departed brother, Owen. Uh, right now I'm really into
Fancy Dan, the turnbuckle man, who is sort of a, he's kind of a, um, he's kind of like that berries
and cream guy from the Starburst commercials, except his leg muscles are just palpating,
you know, he's like, he uses them to kick. I understand. Yeah. He'll kick anything that
they don't let baby snare him anymore. Cause he will just kick. He, it's like blind,
it's like blind instinct in there. It's like working with a Puma. Uh, I miss, uh, you know,
I miss, I miss, uh, I miss Jimmy Jean shorts. He was the rest. He was the rest. He was the slam man
who would, uh, he would wear like sweat pants into the ring and just get the ever loving shit
just beaten out of him or kicked out of him. Um, and then when in his hour of need,
he would rip his sweat pants off and there'd be some jorts on under it. And then he would,
he would find his strength inside of himself via using the, the gene shorts as some sort of focus.
I, uh, I do know who I miss who's that? Travis, the karate kid. Yeah. He was very good. He was
really weird. He had a weird thing about him. I do want to introduce ourselves, uh, before we get
too deep into fabulous. I am your oldest brother, Justin, the reconciler McElroy. And I'm your
middle is brother hacks all Travis McElroy. And I am your baby brother, uh, Griffin, Daisy Dukes,
McElroy. I was Jimmy Jean shorts. Uh, second. I was his, his foil. That's what they use. That's
what they call it. Sort of like Paul bearer was the foil of the undertaker. I am the one part of
this goof in this advice show for the modern era that we do every week. The one part of this, this
is not goof. I am indeed watching WrestleMania this evening and I have been attempting to
educate myself, to catch myself up on some of the various storylines and plot lines that will be
represented this evening. Um, I rec I, uh, I, I hear the rock is coming back to fight our friend,
our, our dear friend, John Cena. That will be the athletic contest. He is the, the reigning champion
from last year's WrestleMania, even though he was the fucking referee. Right. WrestleMania,
you are the craziest. You are so crazy. Speaking of crazy, what I was really shocked by is that
there are men in this athletic contest that were adult men wrestling when I was a baby, a baby boy.
And now I'm a grown man. I've grown into my body. You know, I have my own muscles and my own take
down moves, but these guys are still out there doing their thing. They're still out there. The
undertaker is literally 78 years old now, right? How hard must it be to retire from this sport and
do something else? Well, like what do you do after this? Well, you become an undertaker. I mean,
your business, your business, you will not be able to control how, how much work you get there,
but he, I mean, so he's four, the undertaker's 47 years old. He's basically, I saw him in last
year's WrestleMania. He looked 96. You could stack two dads on top of each other. And depending on
the dad, they still might not be as old as the undertaker. He's the oldest person basically in
the world. And he is out there tonight at the wrestling event that I'm going to be a very big
fan of. He is out there tonight, just dealing out, you know, the classic Texas red style justice that
he's known for. He's, he's going to be dishing it out and then driving his kids to school.
Yeah, I don't want him to, I don't want him to, I don't want him to hear me because he could
probably just obliterate me. He could just erase me from existence with one slam, but I watched him
last year and his, his, his skin looked so brittle wrapped around his muscles. It looked like at
any time, like if he gets slammed the wrong way, that his skin would just like pop and his insides
would just, he would just spill out. I would just spill out onto the canvas. That would be,
I mean, that's the ultimate power move. If you're talking about intimidation,
if you, if your opponent goes into a match knowing that with the wrong slam,
You could burst. They could split you wide open like a balloon full of spaghettios.
That's a horrifying image to try to put on somebody.
That's why Jimmy Jean Schwartz isn't allowed to play anymore.
Oh yeah?
He burst, he burst open Rey Mysterio. That's why he has to wear that mask.
Poor Rey Mysterio. He's, he is inspired by luchadors.
CM Punk saw the event, got so scared he went straight edge.
These are all wrestling goofs. How do I know all this shit?
I don't know. How do you know this shit?
It's terrifying. You have these deep pools of knowledge within yourself. Like the only thing,
I know some assorted, like I knew I was going to bust out one of the,
I know one of the undertaker's moves is the, I'm so sorry for your loss. That's one.
That's a smelling salts.
He's known for the, he's known for his pile driver and I know that and I don't know how I know that.
It's called the, the tombstone, isn't it?
Tomb, tomb, tomb raider. It's called the tomb raider.
That's right.
It's the name of that, it's the name of that move.
So, so this has been K Fabulous, our podcast within a podcast about wrestling.
We sure hope you enjoyed it, but now I think we should try our hands at some advice.
I have quite a large friend group and we all get along,
but there's one girl who's part of them who lately has just been so annoying.
We try to be nice and try to be patient, but sometimes she could be too annoying.
Is there any way I can get her to leave us or at least me alone without being rude or
hurting her feelings? That's from annoyed in Kansas city.
What I mean, I understand this is like a huge problem in pretty much every friend group.
You have that one friend that every time he or she comes around, they just ruin your pizza.
Right.
Ruin the special blend of friendship toppings that you've made.
No, it's the freshness. They just, they, they lose the freshness of the pizza.
Mm hmm.
And you want to, uh, these are, these are annoyed goofs.
Okay. Oh, wow.
Wow.
Wow.
My friend is annoyed and like that.
Are you, are you kidding me?
Welcome to the Smothers Brothers comedy hour with Griffin McElroy, Rowan and Martin shit show.
Guys, the annoyed, the annoyed is back.
Is he back?
Better than ever.
Uh, and more relevant than ever.
Apparently you could tell what great momentum he has cause Griffin has to explain the goof to us.
You can tell what a great, great debt he's making in them.
Who hears about the compromising of pizza freshness and doesn't instantly think of the
annoyed. The two are synonymous.
I mean, basically you were right. Um, I, the problem with this,
here's the problem with getting rid of the annoying friend.
You got an annoying friend in your group, happens the best of us.
If you get rid of that annoying friend, someone else becomes the most annoying
friend in your group and friendo that might be you.
Yeah.
You need to take, you need, before you extricate this person,
you need to make sure that you are not going to be the new sort of object of ire, you know?
Is it sort of like the, like a reverse Highlander?
Uh, yes, yes.
There has to be one.
There has to be one. Um, sometimes there's two, but it has to be at least one.
And you need to make sure that you're not sort of next in the line of succession.
Look around you, make sure there's someone more annoying than you, but less annoying than her.
You're golden.
Then you're set to move on.
You guys are turning this into a punishment when in reality it could be a teacher toonity.
Oh, I think you could show this person the error of their ways.
And I think you could do it in a classy way.
Like a night, like a Christmas carol kind of way?
Yeah.
Well, I don't know.
There will be three ghosts.
No, there doesn't.
No.
Would there be ghosts?
No.
The lesson won't be, it won't be spectral in nature.
This sounds like a one ghost problem to me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Maybe one and a half.
So what you can do, it'd be like, hey, um, you, just to let you know,
like when you talk during movies, like it, it, it's irksome.
Um, this is a teacher toonity.
I'm helping you.
You got to make sure to say like, I am helping you and make sure that they know that you're
not just like slapping them on the wrist.
That they, you know, though, Griff, I think that that only works if the person already
kind of has an inkling that they might be annoying.
Oh, they know.
They know.
How do they not?
Their own parents don't like to hang around them.
You need to, you need to tell this person, listen, you are in real dire straits here.
Yeah.
You're in peril of being extricated.
I'm going to reshape you like in the legend of bagger Vance.
I'm going to train you in how to be a better person.
This is me helping you.
You are, you constantly talk down any plans that we may come up with.
And it's just kind of, it kind of brings down the group when you do that.
So if you be more of a yes, man, instead of a no, sir, then, uh, then I'm helping you.
This is a teacher toonity.
Get off my pizza.
And as long as you have a clipboard, that's totally cool.
Everything's great.
You can either start being a yes, man, or a, Hey, where are you guys, man?
That's why isn't anyone answering the phone, man.
Yeah.
You don't want to be that man.
So, uh, I think if you're, it depends on how much energy.
Sometimes you don't have the energy for that, especially as you get older.
Um, you just, you just kind of stop calling people.
Yeah.
That's pretty much it.
Uh, you, you just sort of let them ease on ease on down the road.
Well, that's another, oh, that's another great lesson to take away from this
Justin, if this person is like, if you're in school and have a bunch of classes
with this person and they are, no matter what you do going to be in the same
place as you on many occasions into the future, don't pull the trigger on this.
Yep.
Because they're still going to be there awkwardly over in the corner.
Yeah.
Right.
So if you can escape them, don't pull the trigger on this.
Don't pull the trigger.
You know what?
You should pull the trigger on though.
If are you a maximum fun fan or would you say you're a fanatic?
Do you listen to my brother, my brother, me and judge John Hodgeman and Jade and
Jordan, Jesse go and stop podcasting yourself and international waters and the
new hit throwing shade.
Do you listen to all those?
You think, God, I love this.
I'm really enjoying this, but how can I return the generosity, the audio
generosity of a show me, you have that opportunity right now.
It's a, we're in the second half entering the back stretch of the maximum fun drive.
You have one week left to get in on this and show your support for your maximum fun family.
I get, can I say family?
Is that?
Yeah, I think family is fair.
I think of every single one of our listeners as a, I don't know, a first cousin.
Yeah.
Here's the, the, let me give you guys the, the, the short, the short version of the pitch.
You go to maximum fun.org forward slash donors.
Slash donate.
There are several donation levels starting at $5 a month, all the way up to $200
per month.
If you want to be one of Jordan's platinum angels, I want to tell you what happens.
If you give us, if you can find it in your heart to part with $20 a month, you can say,
Hey, I need, I love these shows.
I love the brothers.
I love Jordan, Jessica, go less than them.
I want to give you $20 a month.
You're going to join.
Why does it why less?
They love them less than us.
They love us more.
That's key.
We're going to come back to that in a second.
Okay.
So you want to give $20 a month.
You're going to join the diamond friendship circle.
You'll receive a shiny new stainless steel water bottle in a handy on the go size.
It's going to be screen printed with the cool maximum fun rocket ship logo.
You're also going to get a beautiful max fun friendship bracelet that is going to look
so fresh and will guarantee you the biggest of hugs when you meet us in person, which
you secretly know you will someday.
You don't want to be not wearing the bracelet because we'll know
last year.
It was a last year.
It was the maximum fund membership cards and no kidding.
Anytime we went to an event, we would see people who bust those out and give them just
the dankest headiest hugs that they have ever received.
Marley hugs.
You don't want to miss out on that treatment.
Yeah.
You don't want to miss out on that.
And you're also going to get and this I think is the greatest gift of all, but you were
going to get a ton of digital content.
You're going to get a bonus.
My brother, my brother, me episode starring our dad with us.
You're going to get a 15 minute video of us performing in Austin for Austin live show.
You're also going to get a rift video that's us watching an old timey educational film
about alcohol and goofing on it.
And that's just from us.
Everybody's got a bunch of bonus episodes and videos like that.
So you're going to get access to a ton of that stuff.
And you get that at every level, every five dollars a month.
You can get all that stuff and it will just mean the world to us.
Now, here's the important thing right now.
My brother, my brother, me is getting I don't want to turn it into a competition, but it
is we're getting beat by Jordan.
Just go, you choose your favorite show when you pledge and more people are choosing them
than us.
We're tied with bullseye and that's on the radio.
So they don't need they don't need you like we need you.
They're getting them radio dollars.
Yeah, they're getting radio money.
We need your real money.
We need you to rise up and say, my favorite show is my brother, my brother and me.
And I love all the shows, but I love them best.
Think of it this way.
It's both your opportunity to contribute to maximum fun as a whole and also your opportunity
to really let everyone know that we're way better than them.
Yeah.
You really got to help us stick it to the man.
And by the man, we mean everybody.
It's not us because we're paranoid.
But anyway, maximum fun dot org slash donate.
Go there right now.
Rise up.
My bim bambinos crushed the J.
J.
Go army underneath your hand like so many shoddily construct constructed action figures.
And then after you do that, go on Twitter and tell everyone that you voted for us above
everyone else.
Sorry, fools.
Sorry, haters.
And make sure to use the hashtag max fun drive so they know that in the NBA rules.
Why would they know that from that?
I guess you got to use both the NBA hashtag and the max fun drive.
And there are no there are no characters left for tweeting.
And a picture of yourself flipping the double bird.
This is for Jordan and Jesse.
I got one for each of you in your ear.
So do that.
That seems like pretty extreme.
But if they're putting their middle fingers like corn holders, here's the tweet.
You're talking about your donation.
You've got max fun drive and B&B and hashtags in there.
You've got a link to maximum fun dot org slash donate.
And you've got to bet you're at one hundred and ninety characters right now.
You've also got a picture of yourself flipping the double bird.
One for Jordan and one for Jesse.
And a gif of someone with a sour face is going mmm.
No, we don't have room for that tweet.
You link that on twit pic, you're at around 300 characters.
Just send that to us and we'll retweet it because I really want to see at least one
person do that.
Come on, Griffin.
You know what I mean.
Here's a Yahoo answer for us to consider.
It was sent in by Atiana Kuriyama.
Thank you, Atiana.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Kyle, who asks, I'm a country boy and I want to tattoo.
I think it's supposed to be tattoo, but when it's only got the one L.
I want Audrey tattoo.
A tattoo is when you get a tattoo because you've plateaued in your life.
Sure.
I've tattooed.
It's not a tattoo on your toe.
Travis is going to go for the fucking metagoof.
I want something that says, hey, I'm a country boy and proud of it.
Don't know which words to use though, something short and sweet, a one-liner or even better,
a few words.
Thanks for the help.
He spelled four F-E-R to really drive the point home that he is he is rural.
Basically anything that Hank Williams Jr.
has ever said, ever escaped his lips, or escaped his mustache more trickily, would be a great
option here.
I suppose anything from the Blue Collar Comedy Tour.
Any of their jokes.
Get her done.
No, I think it's get them done.
Just do it.
Get them done.
Just do it, get them done already.
Maybe like trucking and fucking.
No, no way.
No way.
Maybe something patriotic like the dig them frog standing in front of an American flag,
but also on top of a French flag while crushing a French Tweety Bird.
Dip one from a peephole.
Dip one like he's doing chaw, but he's doing it in honor of his people.
What says I'm a country?
What is the message you want to get out there?
I'm a country boy and I'm proud of it.
Maybe that, I mean, that seems very sort of to the structurally from a grammar perspective.
Yeah, done like in a nice like calligraphy kind of style.
Yeah.
What about just in calligraphy?
Just the word agriculture on your body.
Would that be good?
I feel like that says a lot about like I my farmer.
My parents were farmers or ranchers, but they were involved with the production of
well produce that you get and eat at your grocery store.
Maybe it's like a picture of a farm, but they're growing pickup trucks.
Is that an image we can capture in tattoo?
And an American eagle is harvesting them.
I love this.
Is the eagle driving like a caterpillar?
Like a caterpillar, I'm sorry, a caterpillar like truck.
Oh, yes.
Yes, he is doing it by himself.
And there are a bunch of migrants watching from afar and like,
migrants are watching the eagle driving the caterpillar truck,
harvesting smaller ears of trucks.
The eagle has a tattoo that says trucking and fucking.
Right, and the eagle saying something like, sorry, Paco, I've got it under control.
Or something like sort of racist, but it's not like in your face.
You wouldn't be ashamed to take it off with the Olympic pool, you know?
That's 110% racist.
Is it because he said Paco?
Yeah, that was a contributing factor, Travis.
Can you get Calvin from Calvin and Hobbes and he's maybe like peeing on a city skyline?
I was going to say I'm a city skyline.
Why not a city skyline?
Because it's like, fuck the city.
Yeah.
Oh, right, okay.
He doesn't care for urban environments.
You get the American eagle eating a city mouse.
That might be a little hard to convey.
Or a giant American eagle eating a city.
What about a giant American eagle eating an American eagle retail store?
Because it says, oh, hey, I know, I know.
Why are the eagles so big?
Why can't it be just like a tasteful eagle eating a tasteful yet smaller American eagle store?
When you say giant, do you mean like in scale or like on his back?
I'm imagining a large ambulatory a la foghorn leghorn,
like walking around like super beefy eagle man hybrid.
Oops, I'm turned on.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Not a kill.
Get through what episode?
Do you guys know the tattoo that Tony Danza has?
What is it?
It is a picture on his bicep of a man walking and around the man it says keep on trucking.
I recall this from like, I think I saw it 15 years ago and God, I hope that's correct.
But I'm fairly sure that is a tattoo that Tony Danza sports.
He is two words away from trucking and fucking.
With the slightest amount of modification, we could get him on the rural train.
Or I guess the rural pack mule.
What is it?
What's the train out there?
I guess it's just a train.
Who rides a train anymore?
Right.
Old timey farmers that don't know shit about planes and things.
They get scared.
They think it's a white dragon.
They don't think that farmers, I'm sorry.
No, this is a good.
This is let's explore this vein because you could just get an Amish person
because the Amish are like the ultimate country boys.
Oh, the oldest school.
Old school.
Oh, what?
You're listening to Hank Williams on the radio?
We don't know who that is or what that is.
We don't have zippers.
So maybe we're more street than you think.
When the black swan comes and revolution sleeps across this globe and technology shuts down
around us, the Amish are going to be the only ones that are out there just like living.
That are making it.
It just just real quick.
Okay.
What is the black swan?
And why is it the harbinger of the apocalypse?
I thought you meant that movie.
Yeah, I thought that too.
No, when when that movie comes to Amish villages.
Well, I mean, if that was the only movie they'd ever seen, it would kind of jack them up.
Sure.
That would be I mean, that would be that would be pretty messed up.
But a black swan is a is a disproportionate role.
I'm reading from Wikipedia now is a disproportionate role of high impact, hard to predict and rare
events that are beyond the realm of normal expectations in history, science, finance
and technology.
So it's basically like it's the big one when the black swan comes up.
In this scenario, Jesus second coming at the same time as Quetzalcoatl's first coming and
they show up at the same time and they're like, oh, it's awkward.
I can come back in a thousand years.
You wreak havoc and then I'll come back and just sort of be the and they'll both want
to be the hero.
You know, no one wants to everyone.
No one wants to be the opener.
You know, everybody wants to close close out the stadium.
So there.
Oh, my God.
Jesus riding Quetzalcoatl.
Oh, we're all done.
Well, had a good had a good ride.
Humanity.
I never get that tattoo.
Jesus riding Quetzalcoatl would be a good tattoo.
I would.
That really makes people know that your country and proud.
And then under it, under that picture, agriculture.
Hey, guys, what's the non rudest way to walk away from a conversation in the office that
you know you can't contribute to anymore?
Like, say you're talking to someone and then someone else walks in and the conversation
became all about mammals from that point on.
Would you interrupt the dialogue to say I'm leaving now or would you just walk away silently?
It's not like I don't like mammals.
I just don't like talking about them sometimes.
And that's from Mammals and Marmalade, who is a strange obsession they have.
But I think you work at a zoo.
We can help.
Maybe I would I prefer to talk about reptiles today.
No more mammals for me.
I don't have anything to add.
Reptiles are just scaly mammals, basically.
Yeah, pretty much.
I think the non rudest way is the most mysterious way.
And that is to just wordlessly don't make a big deal out of it.
Just turn and walk away, like mid sentence.
But that's like super rude.
But first, you got to get really big eyes and gasp a little bit.
Like you saw a ghost?
Yeah, just something where everybody now they're done talking about mammals because they're
going to wonder what that weird shit you just did was.
But you can do that like once ever.
Yeah, it's not like a renewable resource of extricating yourself.
And once once you do it once ever, they're going to come up to you immediately and be
like, hey, hey, man, what's what the fuck?
That was really weird.
That was super weird.
That thing you did.
You look like you saw a black swan.
Can we go more mysterious?
Can you carry with you a pouch of smoke bombs?
That's a throw one down.
What's that in your other hand?
Oh, it's a patch of it's a pouch of caltrops.
You drop those in the smoke.
They'll never find you.
They'll try to, but they'll step on the caltrops and they'll never talk to you again.
You'll probably get fired.
This is not a good this is not not good advice.
Smoke bomb, caltrops.
Where did he go?
He grappling hooked away because he's Tenshu.
Don't worry about it.
You also need a grappling hook.
You need that.
Basically a lot of ninja gear.
Do you know about katanas?
Maybe just hang around.
Like you don't have to you don't have to.
This is see, okay.
Okay, I'm I'm on this.
Here's the biggest misconception that people have about conversations.
No one enters a conversation to listen to things.
Nope.
Everybody enters a conversation to to talk about things and force people to listen.
The listening part is the is you paying the piper for all the talking you're going to do later.
Mm-hmm, so if you are if you are in a conversation and you don't have anything to add you are like
you're sitting pretty because you can just pile up debt of listening.
Like you can really be a great listener because you're in that very rare position
of not having anything to say and no one wants you to talk.
No one ever wants anyone else to talk.
All anyone ever wants is to talk and have everyone hang on their words.
So you're not holding up your end of the social bargain here.
This is so just stand there.
So you're saying you wait you wait it out like a storm and then you say are we done with mammals?
And they say yeah, you say good because it's time to talk about Doctor Who.
Strap in.
It's strap in.
It's Doctor Who time.
I'll take it a step further and I'll look at it like that.
But then when they leave a window open leave a door open like they mentioned a doctor and
then you jump right in there and you that is Travis.
That is the Travis McElroy method and you pretend like you just invented that as a goof
for this podcast.
No, I'm not at all.
You wedge yourself right in the conversation and say did you mention doctors?
Like no, I didn't.
Like well now that we have let's talk about Doctor Who.
Okay.
Yeah, that's my move.
That's not like a good move though.
We've been trying to get you to stop pulling that move forever.
You say that but I mean I know you're wondering for a while now and I know you're wondering
about this.
This bleeding headband.
I was in a horrible accident and I just got back from the doctor and oh hey.
Hey.
I loved it.
I loved it.
Did you hear about the new companion?
It's crazy.
What were you saying?
Oh, you're dead.
Fuck.
Sorry.
I forgot I was driving to the hospital.
His next words were gonna be I need you to shoot this needle into my heart.
And you know you and the worst part is not that they died but because you've always wanted
to try that.
You've always wanted to try to jam a needle into somebody's heart full of what do they
put in there?
Adrenaline?
Mountain Dew.
Mountain Dew?
Search.
Josta.
Josta.
Ah fuck.
Damn it.
Just sit there and listen.
Yeah.
What's the worst that could happen?
What a nice situation to be in and not be expected to contribute anything.
Just sit there and listen.
And if there's enough people in the circle like if we're talking like one on one or
like three people you gotta stand there forever like until it naturally breaks up.
But if you're like in a group of like eight, nine people no one cares if you're there or
not.
If you're in a big circle full of people and they're all talking remember that God gave
you two ears and one mouth for a reason.
But he also gave you two legs and two arms which is four so maybe jump in the middle
of the circle and just dance.
Pray dance.
Just dance away.
Just bust a move.
Just bust a move.
Just start dancing because you that is gonna that will be a new topic of conversation.
Especially if you start slowly at first and just like build up to it.
Do you mean like you ease into the move?
What?
What are you saying about mammals?
Yeah my favorite mammal is a blue whale.
Here we go.
And you gotta make these mouth noises too.
Yeah.
That's cute.
Man I sure hope blue whales are mammal.
Oh boy howdy do I ever.
We are gonna get emails about that if incorrect.
Okay and that's also great because then you'll be fired.
Well I don't think you'll be fired.
I think you'll be promoted.
Yeah.
Chief dancer.
Which is the opposite.
I recently turned 23 and my parents pulled the Prius promise on me.
Two days before my birthday they asked what I wanted as a present.
I told them I wanted a high quality camera which is something I was planning to buy for
myself.
On the day of my birthday they told me they were still looking into what camera to get
and didn't have anything for me and it's been a few weeks and I'm not and now I'm not sure
how they're going to get it for me at all.
In which case I would just buy the camera myself.
But I don't want to do that if they've already ordered it online or something.
How do I broach the subject without putting them on the spot?
Or how long should I wait before I can safely assume they won't be getting me the camera?
Now it's from Camera Shine California.
Oof.
I have been in this position almost exactly and it is the worst because basically what
you're saying is hey when are you going to give me that present?
Yeah.
Here's here's the here's one of the big mistakes you made and this is a tricky this is a tricky
thing but if you care about something especially if it's a big purchase you should never let
anyone make it for you like exactly it never especially with that fucking camera there's
so many variables so many does it take pictures does it not what yeah high quality video low
quality video instant facebook posting nude pics for sexting sexting does it have something
sexed is it sexed enabled there's so many choices you gotta just hand them a pic this
isn't like this isn't like kid stuff at christmas where you could get the big toy book get a
red marker and just circle 50 things and say like i can't wait for santa to get here this
isn't like that can you get on can you kick start can you kick start a camera are you
asking are you telling this person to ask their dad to kick start for the camera no
you're i mean your dad can kick start in if he wants but you have to kick start the kick
starter the program you have to start your dad yeah hey yeah kick start my dad don't
you know uh griffin yeah is it time yet yeah sure this yahoo answer was sent in by lisa
holofield thank you lisa it's by yahoo answers user buddhist prime who asks is it illegal
to take pictures of adults sleeping on college grounds after class when they are tired as
long as i am not profiting from it okay wait people may not like it people who are awake
watching me take pictures of others may have a hissy fit about it but there's nothing illegal
about it right and if they get confrontational with me or put their hands on me i can report
them to the police and they can go to jail right because people who do that have serious
issues and need to be identified before they can become a later risk potential ultimately
i want to petition the dean for sleep capsules to be installed so that students including
myself can rejuvenate our tired minds and do better in school and i would use the sleeping
students pictures as evidence for this whoa several issues hold on hold on oh my god this
rabbit hole goes so deep but first off let's just get this out of the way by students they
mean girls and by girls they mean attractive girls and by the dean they mean their penis
and by sleep capsules they may actually be talking about sleep castles that may actually
be on the level that that's weird enough to actually be be accurate and just just so i
know in what way would you profit from taking pictures of sleeping people what what is like
a coffee table book there's a market for all that traffic you can sell pictures of anything
look at yesterday i looked for pictures of a bull in a china shop but also all the but
a candy shop instead because it was to illustrate a very important post i was reading my writing
from my live journal and i had to go to a one of the stock photo places and search for
like bull in a candy shop and i got a lot of results that i did not enjoy seeing but
i but but i had to do it people buy pictures of anything weird anything sleeping people
dead people don't kill the people that are sleeping don't kill no don't kill things
that are illegal this thing that you've described maybe maybe killing it definitely killing
people definitely 100 um so don't do that part i don't know if you take a if you take
a here's the thing if you take a picture of me and i'm asleep and all you do is show it
to the dean i won't know about it look at griffin look at how pitiful he looks i can't
do anything about it i'm so tired i got a little sunburn yesterday i can barely move
i can't chase you down i think that this is probably one of those things that may not
be outright illegal but if i catch you doing it i will find a way to make it illegal like
i will claim it in a way that will make it sound really you'll take them to nickelodeon
kids court and yeah you'll sue them on like judge judy or something there's no legal
precedent for this but sir i mean it's pretty pretty skeezy i guess if i see a picture
of you taking a picture of an asleep person i will find an adult and they will take they
will take an adult i will go get a teacher and i will make them do something can you
imagine if you were the dean and brother rolled up with just like 500 pictures and just like
slammed them down on your desk i could really go for a napparoo so here's some some smut
maybe like very particular smut this might be smutty uh here's here's the thing you fucking
creep and i hate to poo poo your pet project here but they already have sleep capsules
you know what they're called bedrooms go to them and fucking sleep in them you weirdo
i don't care that you're in college and you're discovering your body and you're questioning
your faith i don't give a shit about any of that go to like a bank go to the mall go to
a place where real people are doing actual things and see how many of these fucking people
said oh i'm sleepy i'm gonna lay down on the ground and i just wish there was a capsule
here that i could sleep in and you know what i find funny as you've been describing this
justin if this person were doing it as an art project there'd be nothing weird about
this right it's the sleep capsule thing what the fuck is a sleep capsule i think you're
a tanning bed i picture a tanning he shouldn't be he shouldn't be penalized for having a
functional project creepy as though it may be because i don't know if you guys know this
sleepiness in college it's an epidemic it's taking over the world that's why we have like
five hour energy drinks and sleeping do you know what's in those sleep you know do you
know how much vitamin b is in a five hour energy drink what the percentage is if you're
doing enough to get me going 8333 percent that's a little bit too much b just a touch
too much b in those can i ask you guys a serious question about five hour energy drink that
i've had forever yeah are you sterile because of all the five hour energy drinks you drink
no i know why i'm sterile on the commercial it's what's your reason it's because i make
god mad um on the commercial for five hour energy it says if you're not sure how it'll
affect you to drink half at first does that give you 50 energy for five hours or two and
a half hours of 100 energy it's not see you think that it stacks like that but i had a
friend who uh wanted to uh stay up for an entire day so uh he he drank five of them
like in a row just like bam bam bam bam bam and then he uh jumped up and he kicked the
sun and he burned it he burned to death and the sun's obviously in the sun's heat he died
that was the weirdest episode of jersey sure if you guys have never seen that one tracking
down uh what a twist hey here's my problem with the sleep capsules okay how do you explain
to a local homeless that you have a bed but this one is closer to the chick filet on campus
yeah so you're gonna sleep there if that's cool and by the way sir if you could please
not sleep in it even though right you're homeless yeah how do you how do you have that conversation
with them not that you should talk to them but how if they were to approach you right
flailing wildly and shouting about whatever it is they do you know how they would be i'm
not interacting with them myself i live in a i live in a small town but um how i imagine
they are how would you have that conversation with them that you had that this is second
bed and they can't they can't get near it it's more like charge a nickel yeah most um
you charge a nickel into the bed into the bed i so you're saying that that if i was
a homeless person for for the princely sum of five cents a night i could have i could
have a home is that i don't know how the homeless economy works justin a lot of misconceptions
here uh you don't get a whole night's worth of sleep for five cents in the sleep capsule
you get 20 you get a 20 minute energon nap and then the sound of sirens uh wakes you
up and then you can you can put another nickel in but it's it just adds to your time what
do you guys think the perfect nap length is what's 20 minutes see i i usually need 25
minutes for that five minutes of get in get in that head space i need to get in the head
space and i'm going to take a nap maybe the sleep capsule has some sort of tech in it
that just like maybe like a hammer just like bang just like hits you right in the center
like in both temples at once and you die for just like 20 minutes but then you come back
out of it because there's a needle a needle that comes out and shoots mountain dew into
your heart oh and there's an adjacent flatliners booth so you you can pay a nickel and flatliners
with somebody as they take a death nap in the an adjacent capsule is that yeah basically
the way i understand it right sure yep okay with a homeless man standing guard why do
we not pay the homeless to guard our sleep slash flatliners capsules and that way they
wouldn't have they wouldn't get a it'd be a good steady work and we're creating jobs
you're welcome obama welcome obama and all we have to do to get this plan to revitalize
our country's uh business sector to shoot mountain dew into its its full its failing
heart all that we have to do is take some pictures of sleepy college co-eds is that
okay and in closing dean thank you for your time thank you for your time sorry that i've
been jerking off this whole time just got out of the sleep inner john and now i have
so much energy i gotta be i will find my own way out i thank you please unhand my trifold
board good day i am taking my poster board with me sir it will not be entered as evidence
we need evidence though we need evidence that you care about us not just us but the whole
maximum fun family griffin nothing says love nothing except dollar dollar bills guys i
holler for that dollar and i gotta have them gotta count them i need big sky high stacks
of fungible bills i didn't make it rain wait other people let's say i i 20 a month that's
not good enough for me i really wait i think i think we should do like a quick like run
through of all of the levels boy okay five dollars a month you get all the bonus stuff
ten dollars a month friendship bracelet twenty dollars a month diamond friendship circle
with the cool water bottle that i'm like like the kind of water bottle marine would have
yeah so you could turn it into geocache pretty easily that's all i'm saying 35 a month you're
gonna get all that stuff and you'll be a member of judge hodgeman's post-apocalyptic justice
squad that comes with a friendship emergency kit gives you a half bag of delicious coffee
from tongs tongs is a coffee delivery service that brings that good fresh stuff that hasn't
been sitting on i i have seen on people on twitter reacting to the freshness of their
tongs bag they're already just they opened up their tongs bag and just instant yeah nose
orgasm that's gross let's go orgasm move forward there's going to be max phone playing cards
mad libs alka seltzer for your hangovers a headphone splitter for your friends to share
bubble gum cigars so much more stuff and all the other stuff you get like five ten and
twenty yeah and if you give them fifty dollars a month uh which is like half of half of a
dinner out with a loved one you're going to fancy places i didn't know let's stay in tonight
and eat the blondies that uh max phone proprietors jesse and teresa thorn made for us in their
kitchen and sent to us that's what you cast a magic spell of protection over it to save
it from being infected with horrible diseases in transit or from being eaten by your hungry
ups man now remember when you're giving uh to the network you are absolutely supporting
us uh helping us get that scrilla that's great but and the most important thing let's not
forget but you're also helping to support uh there are hosting fees you're helping to
bring on new uh shows that that you'll love like throwing shade and all the others i have
been mainlining throwing shade i've almost finished the entire run it's no kidding guys
if you haven't listened to it yet it's so fucking funny like yeah the only people who
really shouldn't listen to throwing shade or uh stop podcasts yourself or join us go
or if you have a comedy podcast of your own say with your brothers and you get kind of
um okay spooked whenever somebody else is really funny yeah uh and it makes it maybe
makes you a little jealous when somebody else is getting a lot of laughs and you wish you'd
gotten those laughs first um then maybe you shouldn't listen to those shows because maybe
it'll make you sort of let's say moody yeah uh maybe i wouldn't recommend it but otherwise
they're great stuff you gotta match jesse you gotta keep your enemies close maximum
fun dot org forward slash donate that's the address help us out here guys please help
us to crush jordan jesse go like so many tatinos pizza rolls help us crush our dear dear friends
help us crush our friends by supporting our show and them also we are about we're trying
to get a thousand new donors for this year um if you are a donor from from years past
first of all thank you so fucking much you're the best in the world uh if you're a donor
from previous years you're going to get all of the bonus uh digital content and i think
if you're at ten dollars or above you're going to get the friendship bracelet the rest of
the thank you gifts are for new donors uh you can still get them up your donation you
can still get them if you up your donation level um but otherwise you're going to get
all of the uh the bonus episode stuff including the bonus episode that we recorded with our
dad which was the most delightful hour of of my year so far no offense yeah and just
think about it this way to put it in context like if you do the twenty dollar donation
right twenty dollar a month that's like you and a friend or you and a loved one going
to see one movie a month right and for just hours and hours and hours of hilarious podcasts
sure yeah i mean it's it's not asking much yeah remember you're not buying you're not
buying the the thank you gifts you're helping to it there are so many things that suck so
many things are whack out there you watch tv you look at the movies you listen to radio
so many things are terrible you know what i know and it's no secret you probably pay
money to watch jack and jill right you pay money to watch jack and jill there is one
basically only one good thing in the whole world and that's maximum fun and if you support
that you're helping to help grow more rad stuff and you're helping to make a you're
fighting back against the forces of of mediocrity by supporting the maximum fun network and
that's a rad stuff gardener that's rad stuff gardener that's all we ask maximum fun that
of course i should donate i'm flying to boston for pax east next week and not only is this
this only second time i've flown somewhere uh but it is also my first time flying alone
despite the fact that i am handsome and manly i'm also claustrophobic and afraid of heights
which makes hurtling through a tube in the sky rather stressful what can i do to keep
myself from having a panic attack that's from airborne in austin this is my this is my no
fail uh pleasurable flying plan so you go to the airport right make sure you get there
with enough time uh to to so it's not going to be stressful for you you go you don't drink
any caffeine that's key you go to the gift shop you get yourself some dramamine what's
that you're not motion sick i don't give a shit you buy yourself some dramamine you uh
get yourself a beverage that is not uncaffeinated you right when your flight boards you get
into the flight you take two dramamine you slurp down some of that soda but not so much
that um you know it's going to give you a full bladder jam those jamming in 30 minutes
you are going to have a pleasant fuzzy feeling all over your body you're going to be sleepy
and you're also uh it dries you out you're going to have a little bit of cotton mouth
but you're also not going to have to pee the whole time that's great it is like how long
does that last i like it it's like it can last up to six hours so if it's a longer if
it's shorter than that you might experience a little grogginess but nothing a quick stop
at the airport starbucks won't fix you um oh and that that non-caffeinated beverage
by the way uh if if you can make it an alcoholic beverage you are really gonna be there for
a treat bob's your uncle that's i mean that's where it is maybe just uh i don't know if
you if you're in the plane and you get sky scared then you make your way to the restroom
disable that smoke alarm because it's not really a crime and then you uh maybe uh uh
smoke a uh jazz cigarette some weed you're saying roll up i'm saying like a light a heavy
spliff spliff and you uh pack a you pack a joint you pack a joint paper put some uh put
weed uh dust in it and then you eat it okay and then you ask to take a tour of the cockpit
this is great madam pardon i would like a tour of the cockpit and a pair of tiny wings
sir you are holding the smoke alarm in your hand so tell me what's it like what do you
what's the end game here there are wires sticking out of the back of it comically comically
your pants are on your ankle what what you're crying sir where do we go from here what's
the next step your mouth looks really dry your mouth looks super dry what's going on
you smoked weed andramine ah fuck you know he's shaking he's going in shakes get the
needle get the do he needs to do the do help him this is just another case of sky fear
gone bad when will we finally stop flying man was never meant to do this uh that is
the worst pilot ever i think we cannot let him fly that happened that just happened with
that pilot he was like 9 11 it's like hey hey sir pardon sir sir sir you're in charge
you have been charged with the the the safety the safekeeping of a hundred lives so if you
do me just i know that you have a little a touch of the sky fear but if you could just
do me one favor and just lock it down just for like two hours we're in toulson too so
if you could lock down your sky fear just for two just for two sir if you can just keep
your shit together for two hours and let me get off the the metal bird and let me get
off this white dragon listen we can talk we can talk all about how it was a hoax but and
how it's all happening again in real time and jesus and i get it and quetzalcoatl and
oh it's all great it's all gravy just give me two if you could give me two that would
be fantastic if you could just act like a grown-ass man for two god damn hours take
the drama like this spliff i just i just took out the smoke machine the smoke alarm i took
the smoke machine out of the cockpit it was doing nobody any favors i turned off the smoke
monster i can sit here i will talk to you about dr who for two hours and we will just
get and then what we're we're in talsa just handle it just calm down and fly the one thing
you have to do is like as a pilot the they planes basically fly themselves we've heard
we've all heard it said the one thing you have to do as a pilot your one sort of responsibility
is to not leave the cockpit and start talking about 9-11 that's like the one thing you don't
have to do if you could not do that one thing your job is you are like 75 of the way there
after that it's just looking good and banging stewardesses but you know though this this
pilot though might have been going out of his way for customer service what do i mean
you ask i'll explain please do because right now this is crazy i fly on an airplane what
i want every time i have the experience and i know i know but what i want is an experience
in which upon landing the plane the entire uh the entire flight just erupts into applause
okay okay like we're just so happy to have landed okay like we did it we've done it and
nothing says i'm so glad to have landed like a crazy sky scared pilot what you're saying
you are giving me the tyler durden tomorrow when you wake up after this flight your cereal
tastes better than it ever has before is that what you're telling me i've gotten halfway
there i've flown on a flight at christmas where we sang christmas carols in midair
during turbulence that's fucking beautiful are you kidding me yeah but we didn't applaud
when we landed i tried and nobody joined in with me hey travis if i want to appreciate
the life christy's given me i'll read a mitch album book okay for the duration of the flight
if the pilot could just not leave the cockpit and talk about 9-11 and i'll be back here
reading tuesday's with mori sir if i became on the intercom and which is like hello ladies
and gentlemen i just want to take a second to talk to you about uh 9-11 is it it it was
if you watch the videos if you watch the videos can you do the voice like travis yeah i'm
talking in my hands uh if you watch the videos on youtube they explain a lot new world order
illuminati there were missiles on the plane oh oops if i see the pilot on a flight that
i'm on i'm like well that's it i'm dead i'm dead i will look out the window fully expecting
us to be fucking flying into the hungry mouth of a volcano because that's where i think
we are there's nothing you want to say less than a than the pilot i can oh the pilot's
just walking in the bathroom to take a shit i don't care i saw him leave his charge if
i'm if i'm at terminal b and i see a pilot at the chile's express i'm going to defecate
my pants i don't want to see any pilots ever they have one plate they should be surgically
attached to the cockpit that's where they belong don't get out of there it's a one day
you can't do do you know who do you know if there was another pilot like on the plane
that went into the cockpit and helped them land it yeah that's gonna give you a false
sense of security right that you just always assume there's another one there's a backup
pilot sure if your first if your first one breaks down absolutely dope is that guy though
don't worry i got this i've got this you know what in the footage that i saw it definitely
looked like he was wearing a uniform are they like spider-man like they have to keep it
on well you know the pilot's life is a horrible horrible life to lead because imagine when
justin you and i both work at home so like punching out not a big deal like we can just
go in the kitchen and now we're eating a sandwich travis you have to drive home uh when you
punch the clock uh pilot he could punch the clock and be like ah fuck what like where
i'm in tokyo god damn it i gotta go get on a plane and get home to i just assumed they
were nomadic and just sat down wherever the plane landed you think home is whatever port
yeah exactly that's merchants but that's i don't think that's how it i don't think that's
i'm almost certain they are they are citizens of no land right they have no allegiance to
that's why if you're gonna go to war the first ones you should court are the pilots because
they have no allegiance to any swath of land they say they say no no territory but the
sky no race but the blue and that's their sort of credo that's their motto that's their
house words basically that was the nerdiest that was the single nerdiest paragraph you've
ever i didn't come up with it griffin blame the pilots maybe the fact that maybe they
don't have enough stress they obviously don't have anything to worry about maybe you should
pile your complaints on with them things are obviously good luck finding them because they're
always on the move you can't track them down you can't crush them you have to work from
the inside and they have diplomatic immunity is that true that's true pilots can do anything
it's not considered a crime pilot cannot be charged for anything there's actually only
one there's only really only one like uh i would say like no no if you're a pilot can
you guess what it is did you did you guess leaving the cockpit and talking about 9 11
because that is exactly it that's the one thing you can't do that will get you that
will get you uh excommunicated from the church of flying that's a really bad thing to do
and then you got to start paying taxes again one one thing just one last actionable thing
for realsies this is 100 like i don't like flying really either but the one thing that
i do that helps me lock down my sky scaredness my sky fear is uh just look at the stewardess
and look at how bored she looks or look at the steward that was my thing i think i told
you that and i think you took that to heart look at the flight look at the flight attendant
and just look at how bored they look and just think like this is even when it gets rough
even when it gets choppy if they are flying into the mouth of a volcano a flight attendant
will just you know just keep on keep on reading hunger games not a big deal not a big deal
they'll keep reading their people magazine and they won't even trust the pilot trust
the plane unless that but i bet you that's the worst fear in the world because they think
everything's cool and locked down 100 of the time and that's why they look bored and the
pilot snaps and it's like 9 11 i bet you the fear that they feel it's like when superman
feels pain for the first time i bet you they just they just shit to death in seconds they
yeah it's it's uh it's got to be a spooky one because you've got to tell yourself that
nothing ever happens on plane yeah you've got to that's what you got to promise that's
what you have to keep telling yourself how about a yahoo answer yeah that sounds good
this yahoo was sent in by joanna heinz thank you joanna it's by yahoo answers user stupidass
who asks what's his username though uh it's carl weathers fan 2011 okay uh carl weathers
fan 2011 asks penis stuck in a cd tray i thought it would be funny but then i got sucked in
i am in incredible pain i can't get it put what do i do butter doesn't work this is actually
horrifyingly uh close to some of the emails we get from first-time listeners i'll tell
you what you don't do press the close button yeah well it sounds like he has already committed
that particular foible right so wait he put okay so he put his penis in the cd tray sure
and closed it i think it may have it may have been an auto close situation you know if you
leave the cd tray out for too long they don't want you to slip and step on it and then break
your computer so then i assume he just immediately killed himself yeah what kind of what kind
of first off let me just get this out of the way hit me if this is some kind of viral thing
for there's something about mary too there's something else about mary i'm gonna be something
more about mary than we have yet to discover dumb and dumber dumb and dumber um that then
i will be very put out secondly who is using cd players who is out there putting you deserve
it you know what maybe this is amish they're they're not used to dealing with zippers so
they don't have a sort of a perennial fear about their um dong zones well this this could
also be a like a cd or dvd drive on like a computer but like even then like who doesn't
just download all their shit like you can't get your you can't get your penis stuck in
steam you know guys you're missing you're missing my question sorry travis go ahead
what kind of goof is this yeah what how did this happen i did it to be funny maybe it's
okay in what context maybe it's like a lo-fi high-tech bris right was somebody else using
the computer you stuck up behind them and put your penis in the disk drive oops got
you oh no don't close it there's a few things i would say there's a few things in the world
maybe a small handful that you shouldn't put your penis in uh like crocodiles a crocodile's
mouth kardashian well i was gonna say like a cigar cutter but you okay i was i'm talking
about novelty guillotine yeah uh a refrigerator door a freezer door a toaster oven there's
actually you know what there's a lot there's actually like just one or two things that
you it's actually okay to vagina some buttholes people that's it thank you that's it and pumps
for some of us that's not okay actually a pump is okay no because i can really get to
know the pump first i could search yahoo answers for penis pump oops and i would get 10 responses
each of which say butter doesn't work i would say griffin that if you search penis blank
oops like anything in the middle there the number one response is going to be butter
doesn't work it's it's turning green oh god oh god oh god oh god it's turning green help
me something like this is okay so i have in in the hundred episodes of doing the show
what i've learned is to not judge anybody for the stuff that they are into correct agreed
so if this dude had put like i wanted to bone my computer yeah so i put my penis in it yeah
i'd be like you know what i i i don't i don't necessarily subscribe to that but go for it
there's so many sharp edges though but to do it as a goof there's also better ports
that you could choose but to do it what's that travis what what's that travis what port
do you have usb 4.0 and this time we shaped it like a vagina for goofs he puts it in it
put it in his a tappy i got this i guarantee this new thunderbolt there is somewhere a
weird thing that you can hook up to a usb port that is a vagina a usb vagina you're
right you're probably right i know i'm right this is the thing though this is 2012 right
now and this is what's so frustrating and this kind of goes back to your like you know
different strokes literally for different folks um if you want to fuck it there's probably
a web page that tells you how to like sort of say in a safe space safe for discussion
and also safe in the sense that like oh god oh no how can i don't know yeah not my genitals
please but like these are my favorite
you can just do a little research next time that is not and then don't try to cover it
up by saying i thought it would be funny here's be honest with yourself you wanted to bone
your computer here's a better yahoo to ask uh uh carl weathers fan 2010 asks uh think
about putting my penis in a disc drive for sexual pleasure uh got some butter at the
ready jic uh it uh tips tips tips tips advice anybody got any experience in this particular
department there's a there's a yahoo answer worth asking yeah right not then you might
get someone then you might get uh you know then you might get billy d williams uh fan
2010 who comes in and is like uh don't because butter definitely butter the butter will be
it will just run down and do nothing what yeah and don't wait till your penis is in
a computer and stuck there before you're typing on yahoo answers that said you know an ounce
of prevention yeah right that says there's net he's never been so happy to have that
wireless keyboard you know because he thought it was an expense it's the ultimate catch
22 because the only way you can free his penis is by turning the computer off and freeing
him himself from his lifeless jaws but the only way you can do that is to turn it off
and then not get that answer from yahoo answers catch 22 catch 22 he dies again this is another
my baby just drank a bunch of alcohol question yeah maybe going to yahoo answers isn't your
best outlet okay travis what other thing what other bulletin board on the planet is going
to know how to solve this particular pickle a doctor this is the first i you could read
every medical journal on the planet and stuck my disc dick in a disc drive is not going
to show up not going to ping any results and travis where was your fucking folksy bland
of home brand of homespun wisdom back before he put his dick in a computer yeah where were
you well that was the time to call your local doctor uh excuse me doc no doctor in the world
is going to okay that one though you don't want it's easier to get forgiveness and permission
really you don't want it to you know i think that's a great litmus test yeah with my hometown
old-timey documents still hands out lollipops are proof of me stinking my dick in this for
goofs um and it was not forgives it was not forgives it was not you were trying to create
a cyborg hybrid but this is not this is not how a sanctioned way to do it this is how
you get your dick in a computer forever you have to carry this computer you're gonna walk
your daughter down the aisle with your dick in this you're gonna have your cpu in one
hand your daughter in the other so just enjoy that lifestyle is that what you would like
can't fly anymore because you can't get it through the security i bet that'd be one way
to deal with your sky fear though this is just let's just let your dick just get well
because after that you got nothing to be afraid of like what's gonna happen to you after you
get your dick stuck in a computer forever like that gives you a really great like point
of reference for what like any other pain you experience it doesn't compare to that
one time yeah right ow i stubbed my toe i mean i guess it's kind of bad but it's no
dick in a computer i got a macbook air because it doesn't have a disc drive in it because
i thought maybe there might be tempted maybe maybe well i don't know that's a chance but
yeah i mean i i sit with this computer on my lap maybe i'll sneeze funny
that would that would that sneeze would have to be hysterical yeah put your uh to put your
wiener in there uh guys thank you so much for guys seriously don't google usb vagina
don't hey griffin you did didn't you uh there's i i might just be looking at usb vagina dot
blogspot.com maybe just browsing some articles just perusing some recent posts uh thank you
so much for listening to our show and bearing with us as we uh talk about things that are
really just the pits just really terrible stuff really dredging it up this week so we're
sorry about that but we are very happy that you uh gave us some of your time to listen
um if you could go to maximum fun dot org forward slash donate spare a few bucks a month
help us get over this goal help us keep making great stuff help us crush jordan and jesse
go like so many um frito-lay corn chips underneath our massive fists you're stuck on snack food
i guess it's easy to smash it's i think that's pretty easy to crush those things like so
many over ripened strawberries how's that is that good or that's still food why are
you crushing food i'm just i'm trying to think of things that are easy for me to crush baby
birds like so many baby birds underneath our hiking boots um just if you could if you could
help us out there and help us get over the limit we know you can do it we believe in
them and bambinos uh and we know that they're gonna help us uh get get past that goal uh
who else do we need to thank griffin who else is who else has helped us get the show off
the ground well we need to thank john roderick in the long winters for the use of our theme
song it's a departure off the album putting the days to bed which you can uh buy pretty
much anywhere that music is sold uh and and and just listen to it and enjoy its words
think about the words think about the deeper meanings behind those words maybe trying to
learn something about yourself using the the songs as a platform for those realizations
and i also want to thank our dad clint mcroy for guest starring on our bonus episode uh
it was great it was a pleasure thank you thank you oh if you want to follow our daddy he's
uh d-o-c-c-u-r-m he talks about um uh he's on twitter he talks about complex a lot but
uh you follow our daddy um and uh thank you to everybody tweeting about the show um so
many tweeting about max fun drive yeah uh don chapel of course uh emma emily um jenny
eckleson uh alex fear the izzy johnson everybody who's who's been telling their friends to
go uh to go uh listen to our show and also to donate and help clear their conscience
thank you so much for your support we love you so much and we it is nothing it will make
you feel as good as seeing people who are willing to part with their hard-earned cash
because they like what you're doing enough to keep it going um it means a lot so thank
you uh and the only thing we ask is if if you're on the twitter and you're telling your
friends and followers like i've done it and so should you just make sure to throw a link
on there yeah maximum maximum fun.org forward slash donate so that's it thank you we love
you in advance uh this final yahoo was sent in by question mark it's by yahoo answers
user sally who asks where can i find professor snape born i'm just mcroy i'm travis i'm griffin
mcelroy he's been my brother my brother may kiss your dad square on the lips keep your
heart three stacks keep your heart hey keep your heart three stacks keep your heart man
these girls are smart three stacks these girls are smart play your part i'm greg from omaha
and i'm shannon from omaha and we donate to maximum fun.org oh yeah we listen to all
the shows yeah yeah we we've been listening to throwing shade oh yeah throwing shade is
amazing it's it's always been a reason to you know like increase our donation level
so it's like well they added my brother my brother and me so we should donate five dollars
more a month this year as max fun gets more and more donors you can really see that money
being put to work to make max fun better i mean jesse probably could get away with putting
out the same level of content but you see him getting you know better editors and and
more shows and just putting so much more time and effort so whenever i give money or when
we up our donation we really feel like we're going to improve something that we already
love rather than you know paying for something that will stay the same i don't think there's
any other media resource or entertainment resource or what have you i don't think there's
any other community like max fun out there support maximum fun today just visit maximum
fun dot org slash donate thank you
