If you change your mind, I'm the first in line. Honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me. If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around. If you got no place to go, when you're feeling down. If you're all alone, when the pretty birds have flown away with me.
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around. If you got no place to go, when you're feeling down. If you got no place to go, when the pretty birds have flown away with me. If you got no place to go, when the pretty birds have flown away with me.
I want to get an octopus tattoo. Really, really bad. I have for a while. Where's the sexiest place I could get an octopus tattoo on my body? Thanks guys. XsoHuxo.
I think that's hugs and kisses.
Okay, got it.
Thank you, Shawna.
Shawna.
Thank you for that.
Octopus tattoo.
I've been thinking about this since I saw the question. Is there a sexy place to get a tattoo?
An octopus tattoo, yes. If you get it on your throbbing, glistening ink sac.
If you have an ink sac.
If you have an ink sac, get it right on there. Or maybe upon one of your tendrils. Other than that.
I actually know somebody who has an octopus tattoo. And she has it on her ribs. It's very tasteful. I would say sexy.
Really?
Okay, ribs.
Like right on the ribs.
Adam from Gmail writes in, my girlfriend sleeps a lot. She even fell asleep last night during Iron Man 2 when he was smashing atoms.
I haven't seen Iron Man 2. Does that happen?
Yes.
Should she see a doctor?
Well, kind of.
Should she see a doctor? No. She should get down with naps.
Yeah.
I would say naps are a good course of action. I wouldn't blame her for falling asleep during some parts of Iron Man 2. Namely the parts where Iron Man wasn't Iron Man-ing.
This Iron Man-ing around is scarlet and gold.
To be fair, one of us in this podcast fell asleep during Jurassic Park. So it's easy to fall asleep in a movie.
I fell asleep during Lord of the Rings. It's possible to fall asleep in a movie, and I do not judge her at all.
But that movie was five hours long. If you saw it in theaters, odds were that it was going to run past your bedtime.
That is true.
Does that make sense?
If you see it after 4 p.m., then you're bound to just hit the hay in the midst.
That makes sense.
But I understand. That's a bummer when your significant other just sleeps like a koala bear. Because you want to hang out with her.
She takes those short, sweet koala naps.
And you have to find clever ways of waking her up without her getting mad at you. Like setting off the smoke alarm.
Or doing the laundry too loud.
Doing the laundry too loud. Or just singing...
What's that song? I would always just get in the shower. It's called Sister Christian, guys. Come on.
Get in the shower and just sing Motorhead.
Motorhead! Lambie! Iron Maiden!
Yahoo Answers user Julie A. asks, where can I find a free dog?
Everywhere!
Everywhere!
There are wild dogs all over the place.
Every dog is free if you're quick enough.
There's no additional information, but I don't think she's looking for a pound puppy.
I don't think she's interested in the immunization fees and stuff.
I just think she wants a dog on the free. She wants a complimentary puppy.
Which is great, because she sounds like she's going to be a really responsible owner.
Have you tried some of the finest hotels? Because often they'll have a complimentary puppy.
An interim puppy that you can keep for a surcharge.
I heard that if you take the puppy with you, they just bill that straight to your bill.
Right off the credit card. That's why you have to give a credit card these days.
For puppy fees.
But only Visa. Mastercard doesn't have the puppy offer.
That's what I heard.
Jake from Kentucky emailed us.
Does he ask? He does.
Hi guys, so I have a problem I was hoping you could help me with.
I really like this girl a lot, but sadly she's crazy about my best friend.
He doesn't like her back. He likes her best friend.
So I really want to ask this girl out, but I know she doesn't like me.
She likes my best friend. So should I ask her out now?
Or wait it out and hope she gets over my friend?
Thanks for the help. Jake from Kentucky.
Did that make sense to you?
I have a suggestion, Jake. Why don't you get the transfer the fuck out of Sweet Valley High?
I was trying to make that Sweet Valley High joke.
Were you?
I couldn't come up with the wording.
If she's all that, and any number of Freddie Prinze Jr. movies have taught me anything,
you have to start fake dating her best friend so that she gets jealous, as does your best friend.
Then either everything will come out in the wash, or you'll fall in love with her best friend.
I think that's how it happens. The best friend falling in love, and also Melissa Joan Hart is there.
Can someone walk me through this timeline again? I don't feel like I'm groping.
This is up. Imagine four people. Imagine a square, only this square is not a straight square.
It's crisscrossed in the middle. Does that make sense?
He's in love with her, but she loves him, even though he's in love with her, and she is a rump.
This is from Jay Guile's band. This is that classic song Love Stinks.
Yes. Make the best friend lose her glasses, maybe get a haircut, and a sexy now cut, a hip cut.
Jake, let me boil your question down for you.
What you're asking is, should I ask out a girl that doesn't like me?
No. I'm just going to go ahead and say no.
Find someone else, Jake.
Go with the robot.
Go with the robot. Or, you know what? Go gay until everyone's so confused, and get really into your best friend.
Then once everyone's sufficiently confused, pull the old switcheroo.
Invite a couple more players into this little dance.
This is going to be more confusing. Morgan Jacobson writes from Gmail.
Friend of the show.
Friend of the show, Morgan Jacobson.
It says, I'm a 17-year-old guy who really likes this girl. Good start.
She agreed to go out on a date with me, but I don't think she is at all that interested in me.
What is a good way to make a really good impression on our first date?
Morgan, a fine question.
I don't know that she's not interested in it. I think you might just be a little too shy.
You haven't let your freak flag fly.
Just like Griffin said.
Just like I said. Maybe not your freak flag, but you know what I'm saying.
I think it's that she doesn't know you.
I think you've just got to be a proper gentleman. I think that's the best way to make a good impression.
If I've learned anything from my wonderful brother, Justin McElroy, and my wonderful sister-in-law,
it is to ask her questions, be interested in her, don't talk about yourself, be interested in what she has to say.
It took me a long time to learn that, because I love me.
But she wants to talk about herself as much as you want to talk about yourself.
So ask her questions about her.
This is a great, great point.
Also, I think you've got to go naked day one.
Just saying.
That's how you get her interested in you, by being interested.
You spring the trap!
Take her out to a nice dinner, and you sit down at Applebee's, and you're sitting down, and you order your drinks,
and then you take a bowie knife out of a sheath that you have attached to your belt that you had hidden underneath your polo,
and you just pull it out, and you sit it down on the table, and don't address it.
Right? That's kind of mysterious.
I love it.
Or halfway through the date, like you're at a movie, and she's sitting on your right,
you put an eye patch on your left eye, very discreetly, and just make sure she doesn't notice.
Do you see what I'm going for?
No.
Do you see what I'm working up to?
You could stage some kind of epic fight with like a dragon or something.
I think that works.
Well, dragons aren't real, but you could pay a person to pretend to mug you, and then you fight them.
Oh, I like that.
That's got a little something to it.
There are all kinds. You've got to get creative.
So, Morgan, our real advice is hidden somewhere in there.
Have a great afternoon.
All said, take her to Cold Stone.
Yeah, go to Cold Stone.
They put the shit in the shit.
Yeah, it's right in there.
Hold the shit with the shits.
Don't even worry about it.
Awesome.
When is the best time to email you guys to ensure my life questions are answered?
Says William at Gmail.
I don't compile questions.
What do you guys think?
What's the best time?
The best time is any time before Wednesday morning.
Yeah.
If you want them on the next week's show.
But really, any time is good because I have no life, and I am constantly checking the email and the Twitter and the forms.
Don't make it adhere to our schedule.
I think if you have an important life question, you've just got to fire it off as soon as it's in your mind, lest you forget it.
And if it's urgent and you need us to answer right then, say that in the subject line.
Say it's urgent.
We'll get you an answer, and then we'll talk about it on the show.
And I'm glad you brought this up, William.
May I call you William?
You may.
We have been getting so many great questions on FormSpring and Gmail, and we really appreciate it, and it's great.
But the most rapid response questions you're going to get is Twitter.
If you want that, you know, at MBMBAM or hashtag MBMBAM is the best way to go for a question right now,
especially because we're looking for more Twitter questions.
So if you've got something you really want answered, hit it up, son.
We've got Tweeter fever, which is a catchphrase I'm trying to get started and perhaps get a parody song written about.
So just tweet right at us, and we'll tweet it back ASAP.
Quotably.
Yahoo Answers user J asks, can I give my pitbull Gatorade?
Well, it's got the electrolytes that pitbulls crave.
Subquestion, can my pitbull drink Gatorade?
So this is technically two different questions.
Can you give your pitbull Gatorade?
Yes.
Can my pitbull drink Gatorade?
Gatorade has a certain drinkability to it, so I don't see why not.
I'm not sure you should give it, nor should your pitbull drink it, though.
Especially since Gatorade is expensive.
Why don't you just give your Gatorade water, Richy Rich?
Here's the thing, dogs don't sweat, so they don't have to replenish the electrolytes in salt like we do.
That's why dogs walk around with their tongues hanging out, because they're getting their excess heat and moisture out that way.
So no, because that's dumb.
You're an idiot.
Don't give your dog Gatorade.
It turns their tongues red.
Gatorade, it's not called Gatorade anymore.
Obviously this guy didn't get the mem.
What is it called?
It's just called G now.
It's just G?
Yeah, it's just G.
What?
You haven't seen that?
No.
It's just called G now.
Now it's just called G.
G is the name of their product.
Yeah, to be fair.
They took the whole Gatorade part and they completely subtracted it from the equation.
Now it's just plain old G.
I hope that they do that with other drinks, because I would drink Pepsi if it was called P.
Just give me a big bottle of P.
I'm not touching that one.
I want to share about this one.
Travis.
Speaking of P.
Speaking of P.
You rascal.
So, Magic Incest.
Let's just talk about that for a while.
Moving on.
Magic Incest.
Yeah, moving on.
That's the username here via Gmail.
It's a great question.
I think it's one.
It might be divisive.
Has the potential to be divisive.
Peeing in the shower, yay or nay.
Honesty time.
Don't say anything.
I think we all just need to go one, two, three, and then go.
So, one, two, three, and then you vote.
Okay.
All right.
Yeah.
One.
Two.
Two.
Three.
Three.
Yes.
Yay.
No.
Yeah.
You're a traitor.
So, Travis said no.
Justin.
Hey.
Peeing in the shower.
It's gross.
It's notps in the world.
I want to throw an addendum in there.
The way our bathrooms set up, I can just open the curtain and the toilet's right there.
So, I will do that from time to time, because the convenience factor is the same.
You will?
Yeah.
That explains why our magazines are always soiled.
They're awful.
They're in the worst room.
I'm sorry.
I've ruined our reader's digests.
So Justin, you're down with it?
Why not?
Cuz it's gross. It's not gross. It's basically like you're peeing on your feet. You're not peeing on your feet, okay
I'm not saying like just start spinning around and urinating wildly on every
Vertical surface in your shower. I'm saying fucking aim for the drain and pee
That's a good motivational poster you're lying to yourselves because the two of you are living in sin and
You are embarrassed to admit to each other that you might have stepped into one another's urine from time to time
That's all I'm saying you're lying. I want to do
I want to see a poster where a dad puts his hand on his son's shoulder and just says son aim for the drain
We're not stepping in each other we don't take showers together. That's not our style. We're not done with magic incest
We we take separate showers like grown adults
Grown ass men. Grown ass men. I'm gonna say yay. I'll break the tie. Thank you. Thank you
Yeah, I mean this is a drain right there
It's practically a toilet you stand up in to get clean. The shower is a toilet you stand up in to get clean
No matter what, no peeing in the sink. Don't poop in the shower though. That's awful. What do you think in magic incest?
Why do you even do that?
It takes a while
And it's really great balance unless you have one of those like bars. Okay
We're good on this. You know what I'm talking about. The balance bars. Yeah, we're done
Tim asks via Gmail my brother recently proposed to his girlfriend and she said yes
I am all but certain he's going to ask me to be his best man
And while I'm happy to do so I'm kind of freaked out about the responsibilities
I'll have any general advice you have on this matter would be appreciated also a quick run-through of what those
Responsibilities actually are could be a big help
Everybody knows about the bachelor party in the toast, but there has to be more to it than that Tim Gmail
Tim I'm glad you asked
I had a friend in college. He was a wise wise grad student named Steve Knight
Steve Knight imparted to me this knowledge
When you are a best man outside of the responsibilities like the toast in the bachelor party you have but two
responsibilities the one
Is to give your friend the opportunity to be with a lady the night before do not encourage
No happen the opportunity. I'm just quoting Steve Knight here and
I wholeheartedly disagree with this and duty number two is the day of the wedding
Look at your your brother or friend or what a what have you and say listen man if you want to go
I'll cover for you. Those are your two responsibilities
As a best man you are
Not only a facilitator of shenanigans
vis-a-vis a bachelor party
You are also the final test of
Yes his faithfulness you are you are making sure that he is actually ready to do this
I am totally down with that Travis
I think that if more best men were like this the divorce rate in this country in this world would be 0%
Justin don't get me wrong. I'm not saying encourage it
I'm saying that you're a liar that you're living a lie because you did not offer me the opportunity to be with another lady
But the night before I got married no, but we did sit around with a bunch of dudes in a tiny pool and drink beer
So it's pretty much. You're right. That was awesome
Except when Jason tried to pee on me. Yeah. Yeah, not okay. It's all fun and games
Jason you went a little too far. I know we were in a big tub, and it you know things got kooky
Not okay, not okay. What's so either?
You are is to make sure that everything goes well period and either offer them a chance to be with a woman or
in a urine filled baby pool with eight eight dudes
either one of those two and a keg in the middle I
like it
Form spring we're getting some really good accidental transitions form spring asks look
I am gay, and I really like this guy I work with but I just don't know how to get his attention
I've tried wearing provocative shirts and hats, but he just doesn't seem to care
What should I do got it you got to get more provocative with those hats?
I think I think their hats are provocative enough a lot of times. I'll see a hat. I'll be like oh
Interesting, but maybe not provocative
So like a safari hat and then there's a story there, right?
Or show on homes have
Yeah, are you searching for something is it Halloween is that a costume no?
I'm solving mysteries. I like I like you. I
Like you a lot you down the mystery is why aren't we together? Let's solve it. Let's solve it together you and me
Elementary my dear Watson because we haven't gone on a date yet. Oh, I like that
Is that a clue in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Is that the game clue in your pocket I
Don't know I mean
This isn't my I love ladies this so this isn't exactly my area of expertise
Maybe you find out if he's gay first. Yeah, that seems like step one
When I'm courting a woman I try to make sure that she's down with dudes pretty pretty early in the courting process. Yeah
But if otherwise just more better hats more better hats if he is
If he is gay, then I would say that the same rules apply
You're trying to be more get his attention more
interesting to him
Talk to him dude the same thing applies. Yeah
How are his hats how provocative are his shirts? Hey? Hey Steve? That's a nice provocative. How you have to death
I'm a chapeau is that a chapeau
Is that a very late?
It is very crisp did anybody did anybody watch army wives last night something like that would be a good sort of acid test
I think
Stephen that is a handsome beret handsome beret Stephen. How about army wives last night?
Is that a raspberry beret Prince you like Prince? I do too. How about those ruffled shirts women?
Are you saying let's go to this club in the city. Yeah, I know of a club where all the hats are provocative and all the shirts I
Enjoy it you will enjoy it too Steve. I suspect you will enjoy it Steve
I suspect you will enjoy me at if not wait for tomorrow when my hat will be far more provocative than it is at the moment
form spring another one from form spring a
Couple of my long-standing friends have recently decided to be douche bags
They've become increasingly hostile passing off as a joke, but rarely letting up when together
Apart they're still great guys, but I can't stand together. Oh, man. What to do
I don't know what to tell you. I don't I don't think
No, that's not true. I can pick out and some of my friends turn into douche bags. I can think of a few friends
I'm not gonna name them Jacob dunkel
Oh
No, I'm kidding
I love you Jacob dunkel. I I think you just got to move on. I don't think
If your friends are douche bags, like if they're being social chameleons or whatever
Like they've they've found new friends and and have changed you just gotta that's hard
I I assume you know what this sounds
I don't know if you're in in college or high school
But it sounds high school because that happens a lot in high school like it's a very fickle sort of situation
You know people ebb and flow
Most guys got us you just got to stick it out if you're in high school
Because those are your the only friends like you've already invested so much time
You might as well just roll with the changes and like oh you guys love evanescence
I do too now because I have to be you to be with you most of the time in a group
There's a de facto not necessarily a leader, but someone who does something and then they start that trend
If you know who that person in your group is talk to them apart and be like listen
You might not realize it because you're in the middle of it
But you guys are douche bags and you need to cut that shit out and I think in this point
Confrontation or walk away are your options or both? Yeah, or or
Unless what unless what if you were to pull the Lord of the Flies
The leader kill the leader kill the leader with a big rock kill the leader of the big rock take the conch shell
How's your conch shell?
Kill him kill someone day one
Day one kill the leader get his glasses
Take it to the limit. Don't do it at school though because you know the principles
There's a zero tolerance policy on Lord of the Flies takeovers. You will get on the news though
Yeah, we rarely and by rarely I mean never
Crossover into the realm of politics. We like to put all of our we have one big umbrella for all of our listeners
It's a safe zone a spin-free zone if you will
But there's a yahoo questions user named stir it up. Oh five that has
importance political query
That I think we could answer in a fair and balanced way
will
There be a presidential election in 2012
Now the the additional information is a bit lengthy so stay stay with me recently the buzz about not having elections in 2012 has gained a
Lot of momentum it seems to stem from several of Obama's initiatives and other legislation being introduced that gives Obama some frightening powers
For example cyber legislation gives Obama sole power to shut down the internet presidential term limits repeal of the 22nd amendment in the
Controversial 16,000 armed IRS agents on radio and TV
I have heard several comments about the possibility that we will not have presidential elections in 2012
When guests to the various show mentioned the elections and possible turnovers in 2012 several hosts have remarked if we have elections in
2012 well your thoughts what other events the legislation could give you concern about whether or not the 2012 elections will be canceled and if
Tried what will the public reaction be?
stir it out
Wow
Well
a
Fair and free democratic elections is the really the foundation of this country of ours
But the experiment called him America now that Obama is a cyber God um
He can pretty much take that out with a wave of his cyber hand so yeah, he's got digital legislation and sole power
Yeah
Combine that combine those two together, and it's like yikes. I don't know about if if if President Obama
President Barack
Hussein Obama
Shuts down the internet can we keep doing our show oh?
We can shout yeah, we'll just have to yell really loud, so we'll do like live stage versions. Yes, exclusively
Justin let me ask you something your your wife is a doctor
So I assume you have insight onto this one of my co-workers informed me that the recent health care legislation
allows physicians to make the decision
Whether to not parents important to note the physician whether to put to death
Mentally handicapped children is that true or false?
Here's here's my counter that where's the decision?
Yeah, I
Argued with this dude for a solid like 30 minutes going I can't believe that that's true. He was like no no I read it
I've read it. I read it. I said so the doctor can look at the parents and be like listen straight up
I know you didn't ask
But I'm gonna have to do this I think more trouble than that is
That Obama has the power to single-handedly shut down the internet
He has a switch on the underside of the of the desk. He can't stand up too quick oops
He can't where's my where's my gmail? What is gmail?
There's that it's a non-existent entity gmail never happened Craigslist. Sorry out
Yeah, shut it down Yahoo answers a font of constant comedy. It's gone now this question itself
Whoa, so not only can he shut down the internet he erases the internet from time
He also has that cyber power you mean sole power
He has that sole power from the cyber legislation
held in
techno Congress
There was a cyber bill in techno Congress that gave him the power to go back in time and stop events from happening
Android of the house, can you pass the oil so I can the 22nd amendment hasn't been repealed. It's been
D-written it's been D
D. It's been unsought. I just say we have just written the greatest movie ever
time travel president
a
Soul power every time I hear digital legislation, I think
Minority report gloves on
So
To answer your question. Yes, of course. There'll be a goddamn election in 2012
You but the only thing we're electing is a new president of the collapse society that we have because there's no more internet
It's just like Wolfman and
So, yeah, yeah, I recently failed my first semester of college well, let's try through the
Course is in a field. I'm passionate about game design
Should I retake the semester or is it a sign to try something else? I failed dude lack of attendance. That's my favorite part
I mean, it's a sign to try going to class. Why don't you try? Why don't you try that method of?
Success first try going I've got this study method that I do where I open a book and I sit down in the chair and I
It's not that you're not proficient in your field
It's that you're proficient at waking up and getting out of bed and putting pants on and leaving and going to a room
Where learning takes place? It's a field. He's really passionate about but not passionate enough to walk away from that SpongeBob marathon. I
Feel you though. I I had a really I did great in high school. I graduated high school
It's like a like a 3.8
Like I killed it
I got a full ride to Marshall University and I got even like a little bonus scholarship because I was just so smart all the time
And then I got to my first semester at Marshall and got like a 2.2
Like I did so so bad because when you have that freedom you just go buck-ass wild
That's totally to be expected. Like you should you stop going to class if it's when you start
College, you know you you what distractions do you have in high school, right?
MTV
Riding in cars. That's pretty much whip whip. It's
With this face face. Look, that's it when you get to college. It's like
drinking
fornication
Rugged shrug us what
There are drugs to take you're you're gonna start a really shitty full man
I would say frisbee just hacky sack you and your buddies
You're gonna start a shitty folk band called the hard and the easy you're gonna play out a few shows
Gonna gonna get some good hits gonna get a couple songs that people can kind of sing along to their version of Bob Dylan's the
man and me is
Really bad. It's not good. It's actually not very good. No, they should do their own stuff from now on
Hey, here's what you need to do go to class every Monday
They always cover new shit on Monday and then just talk about it throughout the course of the week
So just go on Monday
So that's what I did and I graduated with like straight A's failed due to lack of attendance Travis
What part of this problem are you not getting? I picture him not going to class at all
Your solution cannot be we'll try going not going to class at different times. No
class 20% of the time
Yeah, you just try again. You'll do it. I believe if you like
Game design is pretty fun. And you seem like I mean you're lazy. So you must like video games
So I think you should just try it again
And I think you'll I think if you get into trouble just email us and say like guys should I go to class urgent?
Yeah, I should I go to class the scheduler classes later in the day take evening classes. Yeah, that's something
Another an honest anonymous one from form spring says how do I politely tell my wife?
That I don't want to watch any more fucking CSI
Margaret
The Margaret part wasn't on in there, but it was
Listen, it's got to sit her down and let us talk to her
Okay. Hey, listen
Marge Marge, can we call you Marge?
He doesn't want to watch CSI anymore
There's lots of good shows. Have you guys tried? Um, oh
No, don't you do that to me lie to me no what likes me is a great show
I just started watching it today that you're you're talking about some out of the frying pan into the fire shit
I think I think this writer has some more discerning taste. He doesn't want to watch CSI
I don't think he wants to watch murder dramas. Yeah, right. Maybe he wants to try have you tried any other show?
What about Buffy the Vampire Slayer? That's a good one West Wing go back all of that
West Wing is the best show ever made all of Buffy is on Netflix instant queue, too
So you can just watch that you can just watch that right now, but listen, he doesn't want it
It's nothing against hit you. He loves you. He just have different tastes here. He's afraid of Laurence Fishburne
Mm-hmm. It's the eyes see eyes. Is he on a CSI?
What yeah, he is Travis's Travis is my Bam Bam's
resident CSI expert
Here's the thing. There are so many flavors of CSI in the world these days. Have you tried CSI of Miami yet?
That's my note. Yeah, maybe he likes the the sexy bikinis the Sun the lack of sweat
And someone removing their glasses in a dramatic way those criminals get creative too in that heat
With those makes you clever
He makes you clever. He makes you crazy or perhaps. He's more a fan of friend of the show Gary Sinise. I
Would like to see a show like CSI Miami it would be Florida based only it would be
CSI Vero Beach. Whoa
All ever all of the CSI people are 85 years old and every murderers are 85 years old every case turns out to be natural
causes
It was natural causes. We don't see any weapon wounds or signs of entry at all
It looks like he just fell down in the bathtub, and he hurt himself
And he just kind of died there because he was old. I think if you are already watching the New York CSI
You're probably sick of episodes about 9-eleven because now like eight years later nine years later still every episode is about 9-eleven
And I know I said, I'd never forget
Now you haven't and now you can't
No, I can't cuz it's still on CSI. God damn it all right
Stupid CSI so please don't make him watch it more CSI from Twitter
Whoa wait great
Greg Brady there first I get of
All nude review rights from Twitter. I work from home now, and I'm having trouble concentrating
Concentrating do I need to go on the drugs?
That's not that doesn't seem like it's gonna help your problem
Listen meth seems like you're gonna. I'm just I can't focus. I need to do a bump can do about just one bump
That's all I need
need a fix
I
It's it's hard. I I'm in your I'm in your boat. I work out of the home
And it's hard because you got the whole internet there. You got all your cool stuff there
You don't have anybody watching over your back
I
Get I so that's that's tough what I would say is try to make your
Work environment a little more pleasing like demo ice a little bit play some soft music
It's kind of reduce a drawback
Have some checking yourself and scented oil oil up oil up on that I
I don't know. That's the best advice. You're really you're asking the wrong people because right now Justin
And I are supposed to be working yeah, so I don't know recorder podcast
Recorder podcast or something on the real though what I've done
Is I've separated all of my internet bookmarks into three folders one being essential work utilities
One being non-essential work utilities and one being fun stuff. You know a link to my my penguin club
And what have you and so after I write a few stories I will
Open up my fun folder and have about ten minutes of me time
exploring the the Arctic landscape of penguin world
I
Think that that's a good way to get your your shit straightened out
Travis works at PetSmart
So I want to hear I want to hear
a
Griffith's last question, but first I feel in some way
Obligated to tell you that you can get advice from us in a myriad ways through Twitter if you hit a
pound signed
MBM BAM or at MBM BAM go to MBM BAM calm
A Facebook group, we don't really take questions on Facebook, but I mean we're in that group all the time so a lot of good
Pictures a lot of good pics
T-shirts are coming if you want a t-shirt make sure to go to Facebook group and weigh in on the kind of thing
you want right now we're thinking like a
gray t-shirt with a version of the MBM BAM logo in white a
cream t-shirt with the hey Jeffrey image in purple and
What was the other one out of?
My one is a temple a brown shirt with cream printing are the three where I think sexy stretchy pants with yeah
MBM BAM across the but yeah
or MBM BAM
Possessive oh
Who asks is this this ass?
be my bim-bams
so far as far as celebrity endorsement goes we've got mr. Craig Vierko and
a happy from
Kim Jim
Kim Jung from a community. Oh, yeah, we came so close
Do you understand how frustrating that is that guy is so funny if we had gotten a full-on proper endorsement of them
It would have made my week. I well
Well first work. I'll go ahead and endorse him go to MTV calm and vote for him for the MTV Movie Awards
Okay, what's he up for best kiss?
he's up for his penis for best what the fuck moment in Hangover and
Best villain in something
What award did you win because I won an Oscar. What did you win this year?
My penis won an award. That's cool. Like for my for a porno. No, it was a
It's for the Hangover. Remember when I got my penis? Oh, yeah
I forgot I won an award for that MTV sway came out and he gave me a penis. Come on, mommy
Come on, mom. You remember that you remember that penis thing that happened in the movie?
Also in BMB am at gmail.com
I don't remember you saying that one but that's and that's a really great way to get a hold of us and the form spring
Lots of great questions on form spring if you got something creepy you want to ask basically
Yeah, or if you have questions about your CSI obsessed wife, but you don't want to call her out by name. Yeah, that's a good way to
Last question of the day comes to us from Yahoo answers user Mara
Mara
She asks from your experience. Does TJ Maxx administer a drug test to potential employees?
I'm Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy. And this has been my brother my brother
And me you will never know me
You
