The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Times are tough. I mean, you take a look at the stock ticker on the wall and you'll see
times are tough economically. We're going into a national economic disaster, but here,
like a beam of light, is your Shirley Temple of the modern economic depression. My brother,
my brother and me, an advice show for the modern era. I am your co-brother and sunshine on a
cloudy day, Justin McElroy. I am Travis McElroy and your animal crackers in your soup. I'm the
Skittles in your pocket, Griffin McElroy. Guys, my blue chip stocks done turned red.
Yep. I don't, I am insolvent over here. A lot of red ink. Don't know what to do. I've been attacked
by the bulls and the bears. Yeah. And the, and the pistons and the oilers. Are they still around?
Oilers? Yeah, sure. Okay, cool. Texans now, right? I just don't, I just, I made a lot of bad
investments and I don't. Tell me, give me, give me the number one investment that you regret above
all the others. I mean, a lot of bad investments litter that path to financial ruin. But what would
you say your number one worst investment was? Books. Why did you think like books? Like what,
what do you mean? I thought. Put it all on borders. I, I put a lot on borders, but mostly just the
medium of books is what I invested it in. So like the idea of books. Stock symbol B O K S, which
looks like box, but you, you know what it means. I, I thought, you know, I thought TV and movies,
I thought this was just a passing fad. It was, it was a poor choice and I wasn't counting on the
illiteracy epidemic that's ravaging our world. You couldn't have known. How could I have known?
How could you have known? Let's, uh, what I think we should do is to sort of make sure that nothing
that bad ever happens to anyone again. We should answer questions on our advice show and in doing
so help them to avoid calamity. What do you think? And maybe convince them to, you know,
buy a book or two. Hey, maybe pick up a book while you're out today. Maybe buy a bookstore. I don't
know a lot of money into it. I don't know where you would do that since there aren't any bookstores
left and most libraries are pretty shitty. Um, but, but maybe a yard sale. Most libraries today
are basically just a bunch of DVDs, like a bunch of bad DVDs that they bought from blockbusters that
were closing. It's like just a bunch of copies of like Canadian bacon and UHF on VHS. I'm sorry,
did you say bad movies? No, I mean like easy to obtain movies from Amazon, way cheap to get UHF.
Like way cheap. Yeah. And your library, that's all your library has anymore. Is UHF and Canadian
bacon and strange. She's out, she's out of control. Love potion number nine. Yeah, exactly. Is UHF in
the biography section? Cause that is basically the story of weird Al. It's a true life story.
Um, Hey, my software year, I asked out a girl as you can guess, she said no. Okay. What? Why would
I guess that? I know nothing about you. She, I guess like is the, is the assumption that I,
since I'm writing to you and I listened to your show, she said no. She said, yes, things are great.
Don't know why I wrote you. How can I stop being so happy all the time and in love? She also said,
I really like you, but I'm not looking for a boyfriend right now, but we are going into our
senior year and she's still the only girl I really like. So my questions are these when she said that
she really likes me, but doesn't want a boyfriend. Was that just her telling me that she doesn't like
me at all? Let's start here. Yes. Yes. And do you have any advice on how to get over a girl?
Because this is just starting to get sad on my part. Any help is appreciated brothers. That's
from infatuated in Florida. The line I, I really like you, but I'm not looking for a boyfriend
slash girlfriend right now is like textbook high school, letting them down easy. Everybody is
always looking for a boyfriend and girlfriend. Just wait till you get in college and you get
that line. And then like a week later, that person is dating someone like that'll happen
three or four times. And eventually you get the message. I'm cool. I'm cool being lonely. Um,
I don't actually want my counterpart on this earth. I don't want my soul to join with another's.
I'm looking to wander like that dude on Kung Fu, just kind of going,
going around doing stuff by myself, mostly by myself. Yeah. Uh, yeah. I mean,
yes, she's not, she's just not that into you. Now, how do you get over her? That's the question.
My, my recipe, my, my tincture, my, my pulses for this sort of thing is time.
And imagine her, um, on the bathroom, making a bathroom. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Why?
Why would you do that? Well, if he imagines her making bathroom, then it will ruin the, uh,
construct of fantasy that he has built for her. It'll tear down the statue of sexiness. Right now
he's put it up on a sexy pedestal and he needs to put her on a porcelain pedestal. Exactly. He needs
to put her on a porta potty. Literally set her on top of a porta potty. Right. Um, if you imagine
her in the bathroom, that helps unless you're dirty. If you start to feel an inkling and inkling
you back out of that fantasy as fast as you can. An inkle of it, of a tingle. You bounce from that
thought. Bounce from it. Slam it in reverse and you run back out of there. I need you to tie a
rope around your waist and leave, leave the slack with a trusted friend as you dip in. If I pull
twice, you get me out of that shit. This is Inception 2. This is Inception 2 poopy spelunking
and I'm going down in this incepted fantasy. And listen, if I yank on this, you pull back.
I don't care how much I protest. And if I yank on this, you kill me. You kill me. Um, here's the
thing though, cause you said time and I think that's absolutely true, but here's what most
people fail to take into consideration with time. So this was his sophomore year. This is his senior
year. So let's say a year, year and a half since then, uh, going on two years. Time doesn't work if
you're still thinking about it two years later. It has to be, I've made the decision to let this go.
Now time will help. Not, it's been two years. Why can't I let this go? You need a catalyst
to kick that kind of thing off, right? You can't just like, so you need, you need, you need an
event to kick off that decision. And I think that because you live in Florida, that there's a lot of
options open to you, like a, like a weekend trip to Miami, you want me to drown yourself and fly
honeys because that's all, pretty much all they have. If Will Smith is to be believed and his,
his word is, has always been unimpeachable and serial killers. Yeah. Serial killers.
Is there a serial killer down there? Dexter's there, but he kills serial killers, so you're
probably fine. So it's probably per capita better for serial killers because he's really cleaning
it, cleaning up the streets down there. We've got to get down to me and me. I know it's popping off
and, uh, every day, I think as long as you're not serial killing, it's dope. I think serial
killers are probably starting spreading the word now that you shouldn't go down there.
There's a dark passenger, a vigilante, if you will. Hey, my brother, my brother and me in a few weeks,
I'll be returning to school and I'm going to start training as a resident assistant.
Do you have any advice for me? Important in Ithaca. Did any of us live in on campus housing?
I did. You lived in a dorm? Yes, I did for two years. So you're the only one I think who got
into shenanigans, uh, on a, on a school. So what, what bad, what, what bad things did you do that
they can stop other people from doing? Oh God, really? Um, well, I don't know if it's bad,
but my favorite thing we did is we had this one kid, um, that we just terrorized and,
but in a friendly way. Well, so like he would, well, he would leave town and we would convert
his bed into a castle or, uh, he left town and we converted his bed into a time machine.
These pranks actually sound like awesome things that you're doing for him. Yeah. Well, but yes,
it basically consisted of taking his room apart with a drill and rebuilding it in, in our chosen
image. Um, and so basically like, what is your tip here? If you hear people using drills. If you
see them making a time machine, then cut, cut that out. Yeah. Well, I guess it's the question
how to be a better RA or how to be a better light RA. What's the, yeah. I mean, do you want to be
cool? Are you cool, man? Are you cool with drugs? Are you cool with partying and, and like,
kiss like kissing after hours? You need to make some decisions about what kind of parent you're
going to be. Do you want to be firm? Do you want to be nice daddy that they come to when they need
something? Do you want to run the place, um, with a totalitarian fist? Like that's what I,
that's what I'm feeling. That's what I'd be. I think the best RA is the one where like,
you can't see their subtle influence. Like if they know that you're controlling them,
then you've gone too far. I think you need to be there, but pretty much fade in the background.
You're not going to be friends with these people. I'm talking about, I would be like a Stalin-esque
figure. Like no, no pasta, no pasta in the dorms. You lock the doors at 11. If they show up at 1101,
they're sleeping in the elevator lobby. Yeah. I love that. Like psychological sort of aggressive,
psychological. Oh, there you go. Assign half of your dorm to be guards and have to be prisoners
and then just see how that goes. I'm not sure that the faculty of this institution would smile on
that. Basically become a warden of the floor. You're talking about, you're talking about mind
freaking an entire floor of students. Yes. I'm not sure that's legal. That's not a legal thing to do.
Yeah. The number one thing that you have to do to sort of keep,
let's call it stability or just maybe just sort of control is you've got to pick out the cool hand
Luke on the floor day one. Who is going to be the one? The Andy Dufresne. Who is your Andy Dufresne
that's going to try to rally the other prisoners? You have to be the Strother Martin for this floor,
the captain for this floor. And then beat him in a golden eye tournament. And then beat him in a
golden eye tournament so they know, it's like shooting a guy in the dorms. You got to out
sack him on the quad. Is that a competitive? Can you win at sack? I mean, if other people
are watching and you can, you can because if they see you, you lose. But if you could secretly hack
well for long enough, then, uh, that's the only way to win. And even that is, you can see your,
Jesus can see you. Jesus. Jesus always knows when you're playing hacky sack. And he's always,
I want to hit you with this idea. I bet if they had been around and they may very well have been,
if they had been around in biblical times, Jesus and the disciples would have had,
Oh my God. Are you kidding? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Fully right sandals.
Like drink this wine. It is my bud. Play with this hacky sack. It is awesome.
That's in the Gnostic gospels. Judas dropped the sack. Get out of here. Judas.
Get out of here. Judas. I'll teach you. Will you? Do you still have my rusted root CDs?
We're trying to, we're trying to feel something over here. See, I would submit that like,
I think hack technology could have existed. It's a fucking bag filled with beans. Exactly.
Space age. Like they could put like bag of sand, a sandbag basically, right? Like just, just
problem with sand is that it's going to dampen the kinetic output of your limbs. You really,
you really got to get beans in there cause beans, uh, they give, they give you. For all we know, Jesus
was hanging out playing cornhole. Now I, okay. That's possible. I guess like that. I mean, again,
that technology, he was a carpenter. Yeah. Today. So Jesus invented cornhole. Today, Joshua, I will
take you out back and teach you how to make a sweet cornhole bowl. You have to paint it with
your favorite NFL team logo. My name is Jesus and I talk like my favorite team is the saints.
Bask in it. My name is Jesus and I talk like a text to speech converter.
I have a Yahoo that I think we should explore. Hit me. This one was sent in by Adam Jorgensen
or perhaps Jorgensen. Thank you, Adam. That last name. Uh, it's by Yahoo answers user,
big heart who asks how many different types of sex is there? These are about to get real blue
on this show. So this is a dad alert. Dad's click it off moms. You can stay. Um, I mean,
like breakup sex, makeup, sex, angry sex. I need a roof over my head sex or my personal favorite.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. We just watched. I need to try that sex. I need a roof over my
head. Like homeless person sex. I just wonder how many you can think of. I think it means like,
I need a place to stay tonight. I'll fuck you. I'll give you this. I'll give you this. I have
this for you. I need a ride to the airport sex. I need a ride to the airport. Sex is good sex.
That's a good one. Um, I ran out of toothpaste sex, a cup of sugar sex, surf and turf sex,
time travel sex, the technology for that. Well, of course it wouldn't exist in the modern day,
but like that time travel sex is when you go back in time and tell someone like,
if we don't do this, if we don't do this scientists of my day, et cetera, et cetera.
Yeah. Fill in the blank. Yeah. Right. Hurry down doomsday. That's that sort of thing.
That's a fine type of sex. That's how you, that's and then you birth yourself. You give birth to
yourself. You're your own dad. That's that paradox sex. There's, um, pretending to be someone's
guardian angel sex. That's a great one. Can you, can you expound? Can we explore that? Yeah. What's
the line there you give them? Um, I'm doing this for your own good. Yeah. I gotta save you. There's
an earthquake that's about to happen. I gotta, I gotta nail you down. There's a lot of manipulation
in your guy's sex. I wish it would be more consensual because a lot of this is like putting
pressure on someone of a sort of universal scale and I'm not sure that's even romantically. I mean,
there's all kinds of like there's forthright sex. There's, there's straightforward, no fool in sex.
There's thank you so much for the lasagna sex, which is different than all the other,
um, positive gratitude, sexual encounters. Um, lasagna, you really give it that special
something because it's multi-layered. It takes so long to make. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's commitment.
Uh-oh sex. Birthday sex. R. Kelly knows all about that. R. Kelly knows about birthday sex. He has a
song called birthday sex. Oh, does he? We could have a segment on the show where I just talked
about R. Kelly song titles and how great they are. Like, like pussy cry.
There's, um, I think my house is haunted sex. Okay. Spectral sex. I don't feel safe. I don't
feel safe in my own home. So you want to bone down? Uh-huh. To scare the ghosts away. Oh,
that's right because they can't look at this, at the sex happening. Uh-huh. Right. Um, I think
my bread is broken, but I'm not sure. Sex. Yeah. Let's find out. Let's find out. Let's find out sex.
Hey. The acoustic sex. Text the acoustic. Test my new soundproofing sex. Sex unplugged.
Did you guys hear Tracy chat last night? She was amazing. She did a fast car and I was like,
slow down. Um, I want to lose it. There's a, there's a, I'm pretending you're Tracy Chapman.
Is it all sex pretending on your Tracy Chapman sex? Yeah. Technically all sex is pretending
you're Tracy Chapman sex, but other persons, Tracy Chapman or pretending yourself are Tracy Chapman.
Yeah. Exactly. Or pretending that you are Tracy Chapman making love with Tracy Chapman. That is a
crazy, crazy afternoon. I'm going to look up a really quick, a JPEG of Tracy Chapman. Okay.
Just not weird or anything, but let's just like. Do you, do you need to be able to like focus on
her face when you're saying these things about her? Yeah, I can't make these goofs unless. Yeah,
that's a good looking lady. She kind of looks like, um, kind of looks like, uh, I'm not actually
looking at a picture right now. Let's, let's all take a break and look at a picture. Everybody,
let's take a second to contemplate Tracy Chapman. This is our, um, this is our new segment called
look at a picture of Tracy Chapman. Guys, this is great, but I need to go have looking at pictures
of Tracy Chapman sex. Okay. Now how is that different from pretending your partner is Tracy
Chapman sex? Well, it's more active. It's more of a, it's more of a, this is, this is the gun,
the starting gun that kickstarted my heart. Uh, and now I got, I just have to go high sex.
Got to, and of course I'm going to think about Tracy Chapman during the act because I'm. You're
saying it normally converts from one to the other. I'm saying there's a smooth transition.
Not all Tracy Chapman sex is let's all look at a picture of Tracy Chapman sex,
but all the other one other way around. So not all squares or rectangles that guy. Oh yeah.
Right. But all rectangles do want to make you have sex while thinking about Tracy Chapman.
Okay. Great. If you were to make a Venn diagram where Tracy Chapman was on one side of it and
sex is on the other, it would be very close together. It would look like a match.
Almost overlapping except for Tracy Chapman herself. She would be on the outside.
She is, she is of course asexual. She's in charge. She is in charge. She runs this show.
Hey Phillip, uh, why is there not Evian in my, my trailer specifically says that, uh, that I,
that I need that need that thing. One of these days we're going to do a bit where we make references
to, um, a relevant figure in the media. And I think that'll probably be when the show ends.
Well, you know why? Do you know why? At least for myself, I don't first, I don't know that many new
people that are around too. I'm not sure that I know enough about the new people to say things.
If I say things about Tracy Chapman, you, no one knows enough about Tracy Chapman to call me on
it. Yeah. Hey, I feel like people who know me see me as a character rather than a real person.
It might be due to the fact that I'm very outspoken wear big hipster glasses or the
fact that I'm a funny girl. I feel like when I talk to many of my acquaintances,
they want me to perform for them or something. Anyway, how can I get people to see me as a normal
person and not just a character? Should I just become more of an asshole and be less outgoing?
Should I dress differently? Help me brothers. That's from normal and NYC.
I think people treat you the way you allow them to treat you. Does that make any sense?
Yeah. So like if, if you've spent all of your time playing into the perception that you are
or this funny performer for them, like if that's the niche that you like worked into the group,
if you're like, Hey, I'm the funny one. And you embrace that and wanted to be, you know,
welcomed into the group as that person. It's your job now to change that perception. If you want to,
the only thing you can do really is be yourself. And if they like that person,
then you're, you're going to keep hanging out. If they don't, you're going to be,
you're going to be emailing us again in three months saying, how do I meet people? No one likes
me. I used to be funny and outgoing and now I'm quiet. Yeah. I don't, I don't think the answer is
like radically changing to the opposite end of the spectrum. Cause now go, why are you being an
asshole? And then you'd still be a character. You'd just be, you'd just be sad girl with glasses.
Right. The sad one. And I'd be willing to bet that without any background or further details. So this
is a young person question. This is like either in college or fresh out of college, still figuring
out who you are and like a solidifying personality. Yeah. Because so much, as you get older, so much
of your, so much of this question is answered by your actions. I mean, it has less to do with
the sort of personality box that you've built for yourself and more about the actual things that you
do in your day to day life as things get, you know, as these relationships progress.
Is there anything really wrong with being a character though?
There are so many good characters out there. It depends on if it's sustainable. Like if you're
the guy that drinks till five o'clock in the morning, every morning, and then goes to work
at seven and you're this wild, crazy partier guy, that's not sustainable forever. That's
you. You miss, you misunderstand. I mean, an actual literal character from a literary work
or movie or a book. You mean, you mean today I'm holding Caulfield. I, that is precisely what I
mean. Like what kind of literary character do you, I mean, like, like a Dorian Gray, like a Dorian
Gray. That's a little, I'm not sure that her friends would get that ref though. Um, also
shooting that painting. I got that literary reference. It was the one with the painting in it.
Um, I mean like, uh, um, a character from third rock from the sun.
So you're saying she should embody
a character played by say John Lithgow. I'm the matrix. I'm the, I'm, I'm the matrix guy.
Now the matrix guy was not, the matrix is not a character. You do realize that of course.
Right. Right. You mean that you mean, um,
I'm Harry Potter and the goblet of fire. I'm the goblet of fire. It is a pleasure to meet you.
Hippogriff. I'm casting a spell now. Hippogriff. Um, I mean, it could be a lady character. It could
be, uh, could be, uh, eat, pray, love. Who eat, pray, love. It could be eat, pray, love. Hi,
I'm eat, pray, love. Do you want to go to India with me? This spaghetti is delicious. How I can
do any, if you name any literary character such as anything from eat, pray, love to the goblet of
fire. Okay. I will, I will impersonate. Mystic pizza. Mystic pizza. Oh, there's some spooky
pepperoni. Pass the insight. Okay. Okay. Um, the sisterhood of the traveling pants. Hey,
come back here. Hey, hey, hey, I'm all skin and undies down there. Come on back. I don't know how
we can, how she can use this. She can't just walk around without pants and say, hi, I'm sisterhood
of the traveling pants because then I got any other, you got any other characters for me or
I'm all mine are empowered female groups. Divine secrets of the sisterhood, fried green tomatoes.
This is all I got. These are crunchy yet sour. I just learned about growing up.
Um, beaches, what beaches and or moon struck, uh, beaches, uh, moon struck. I have not seen,
uh, beaches, uh, uh, women, you throw wings. That's all I know. That was not good. I'm not sure.
Beaches trivia. Okay. Was beaches a book though? I have a literary mind. I thought you were all
into books. Now you have a stake in them. Um, it proves me beaches was a book. I have to believe
that there is a book adaptation of the film beaches and I have to believe that I have won
all the book prices that books can win best book based on beaches.
And now the 1997 best book award goes to beaches. The book of the movie with Bette Midler.
You can only read it once because once you get to the end, your tears have soaked the book through
just throw it away. Buy a new beaches book, buy two beaches book. I need your money.
Mark Twain. Come on up here and accept this award.
I'm glad he came out of retirement to write a beach is the book of the movie with Bette Midler.
Also called beaches.
Also called beaches. So I guess maybe act more like Mark Twain that that your friends won't see that
coming yet. You know, don't, don't sweat it too much. Here's what I would tell you. Don't start
second guessing who you've been for, because it can feel like that, because it can feel like that.
Sometimes like, oh, this is a front. This is a character, but everybody has a little bit of that
because your true self, you say for the times when it's just you.
I think, yeah, I think everybody, especially in like college after college period goes through
that. Is this the real me or am I just being the me? My friends want me to be that you're getting
too deep here. Just be you be happy. Yeah. Eat, pray, love, eat, pray, love, pray, love, go to India,
India. Is that where they go? Yeah. And eat, pray, love three of them. Eat, pray and love.
I'll go to India together. It's like sex in the city, but there's a lot more eating. Well,
do you know where we're going to go? Uh, tell me the money. So, uh, and first of all, we have some
wedding well wishes to Jake, Aaron, and Lottie Young from Tom and Simon, who wanted us to know
that they have two cats, Belle and Bowie, one of whom is presumably named after the musical star
of Jake's favorite movie, Labyrinth, Belle and Sebastian. Okay. What? The Belle and Sebastian
you're saying was in Labyrinth? Yeah. Right. That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. You
have said the dumbest thing that has ever been. I believe that's true. They're going to get divorced
now. Bummer. Oh no. Good job. Oh man. Thanks for your money. You soon to be divorced lonely hearts.
You give us money and we will give you lies in exchange. Yeah. Also, we want to wish a super
happy birthday to Anthony Edwards, presumably not that Anthony Edwards from ER. Uh, that's from
Melanie Lovelock, which is a great last name. Can we explore the possibility that she is wishing a
TV show character a happy 36th birthday? All right. We got to get into this, this thing again.
Anthony Edwards is a real guy, okay? Not a character. God damn it. God damn it. You did it
again. I'm Dr. Anthony Edwards. I'm Dr. George Clooney. Do you need some medicine? I have it.
So it's, it's Anthony's 36th birthday. Uh, a great run on the ER and many more birthdays
to come. Uh, we also have Bloody Fantastical. Um, that is a new dark fantasy slash horror podcast
that's got violence and teeth and sex and fantasy. Plus there's English, an English guy with a set of
pipes that will quote, I've been paid to read this, melt your socks right off. I cannot attest
to that personally. Uh, my, I do not wear socks. I'm more of a Senex type of guy or maybe like a
slipper in the home. But, um, I would like to think that my socks would burn, not melt unless
they're plastic socks. What was that? Senex? Senex? Senex, they're, they're sandal shoes.
Bottoms of them are sandals. The tops are just, I don't know. I think they're like hippie shirts
that they cut up real thin and then sew them together into shoes. They're like, how can the
bottoms be sandals? Like without the sandals, but without the top part, it's just the sole of a shoe.
You're talking about water socks right now. No, you're wearing aqua shoes around your house. Do
you wear these out of the house? What? Yeah, they're like the socks. They're like socks you
can wear outdoors. Socks are socks you can wear outdoors. Everything you're saying is bad.
They look great. It's a real beachy feel. Check out bloody fantastical.com or subscribe on iTunes.
I can't do a jingle. I'm too fucking angry about you wearing beach shoes outside of your house at
not beach. You don't live on the beach, Todd. That's your beach name. I love, I love that beachy
feel. You have hookah shell, anklets, bracelets, and a necklace. Five, hey, five different hookah
shells. If hacking is good enough for our Lord and savior, I can wear hemp sandal shoes.
Think about it. Let me get my key box. Just think about what you said. Send me on my way.
Have we reached the new segment where we just do rusted root impressions?
That's all I got. Now, Griffin, you have, rather than permanently stop doing jingles forever-
I came very close to just smashing my guitar and never doing jingles.
Last week. To just smashing my guitar and never doing jingles again.
But Griffin has agreed to continue to do jingles, but only for corporate companies.
He's sold out. Instead of human beings. I am not-
Because he realized it's ridiculous for human beings to have jingles. That's what he said.
I'm Michael. Michael's got the best hair in town. Everybody knows it's Michael.
Like that doesn't happen. I can't do that anymore.
So this week, Griffin's gonna do the jingle for bloodyfantastical.com.
All right. You say you're done with vampire romance.
I'm not so sure. Because you haven't heard Bloody Fantastical. It's love and vampirism
is pure. We're talking about dark fantasy and horror. We're talking about violence and teeth
and sex. It's got a bonus English gentleman who himself might be a vampire. No wait,
he just has bad teeth. Oh shit, that was kind of racist.
You paid your money and then I said a racist thing about you.
Bloodyfantastical.com. I'm sorry about the racist thing.
I am about to go to my junior year of college. My summer job has not paid well.
I'm heavily considering selling marijuana when I get back to school to make some extra cheddar.
Is this a bad idea? I am also a heavy marijuana smoker myself.
Great, great. How's this business plan come along so far?
So far your business does not sound good. I want to open up a bakery,
but I'm pretty much going to eat all of the bread myself.
Love brownies. So I'm just, that's the situation.
Listen, you know, you know who they don't let run the tricks factory?
Tricks rabbit. Yeah, he'll, he'll chop them all down.
All the best business plan, Google, Google was founded when Dr. Google was super pot high.
Really, really, really pot high. He was like, oh, I got an idea.
The thing about it though, the reason that didn't work out is he loved to eat Googles.
He was addicted to Googles and he was addicted to searching.
But, but see, that was a good thing because that searching was on an inexhaustible product.
I just don't see how you make the line between like, I'm going to go smoke some marijuana
and I'm not going to smoke that, that I'm going to sell to people.
I'm going to just smoke it. I mean, here's the thing.
I hate, I hate to be a stick in the mud, but of course it's not a good idea, dude.
It's, it's illegal. It's like pretty illegal.
It's like a pretty illegal thing that you can do.
Not the most illegal place. You pretty much get caught doing that.
You're out of college. You got the game.
Maybe he's good at football. You don't know.
All right. That's fair. Hold on.
You're allowed to, you're allowed to just sell weed.
You can do it. It is a fucking lawless old west style debauchery got to get down on sports.
You got to get up. You just get the pigskin, kick it through the upright
fork. You know, the big fork at the end.
Yeah, sure.
The score, kick it through that.
Yeah.
Get, kick it through the score fork and get some girls full, full bacchanal.
Um, I, you know, we can't tell you to sell weed.
Obviously we have a lot riding on this program.
We can't go back to prison, but we can't tell you to smoke, to sell weed.
We can't tell you the best way to sell weed,
which is definitely by hiding it in those Mighty Max play sets and selling them on eBay.
Okay.
You just sneak, there's so many secret chambers in that Mighty Max play set.
You just sneak a little bit of conge in there and then.
No, don't do it at all.
Yeah, don't.
How do you hint, how do you hint that in the eBay listing though?
Say he's got quite a yard.
Mighty Max has got quite the lawn in here.
He's got a real, a real forest.
Filled with pot.
Oh no.
This Mighty Max is mighty green.
Green.
This is, this is his dankest adventure yet.
Fighting his nemesis, the sticky icky.
Yeah.
Um, I, you, I, I, I know that selling weed, I can't pass it.
Apparently someone's doing it cause everybody's got weed.
Well, I imagine it's gotta be like a, it's, it's like most things that are illegal.
A quick buck.
Yeah.
Like, but it's still such a bad idea.
Cause the consequences I think outweigh the, like, I've made some extra cheddar.
But also I went to prison for a little while.
What you need to define as a chemistry teacher who cook for you.
Exactly.
Or I guess in this case, like a.
Botanist.
A botanist who will grow for you.
A down on his luck botanist, which I'm pretty sure is all of them.
Pretty much all botanists everywhere.
Um, you, you, you're not thinking of the long game, sir.
Mr. Form spring because you're going to need.
You're going to need a new identity.
You're going to need a drug dealer identity.
Have you even thought about that?
What's your drug dealer name is going to be?
Who's the, who's the best drug dealer name that you guys know in real life
of the drug dealers?
You guys know what's, what's the best, what's the best name?
Dr.
Shoot.
That's not real.
Nobody fucks around with Dr.
Shoot for obvious reasons.
Travis, your turn.
General Stabenstein.
Yeah.
I only know one drug dealer in Huntington.
His name is Nike.
That's all I got.
That's really good.
That's pretty good, right?
Cause it's already branded.
Like you don't even have to advertise.
You got the advertisements covered.
This is my drug dealer, vitamin water.
Yeah.
You got to find some way to command respect so that people don't knock you over
and take all your, take all your jazz cigarettes from you.
Cause what I know about heavy marijuana smokers is those guys are fighters.
Just spry and limber.
You can't smoke it if you're selling it.
You can't.
You absolutely can't.
You've got to make, and hey, you know, this is a great opportunity.
You're about to make a bad life choice.
Why not counterbalance it with a good life choice?
I guarantee that if you stop smoking for a while so that you could sell it,
it would take care of the second one.
You'd be like, oh wait, now that I've cleared this haze, this is a bad idea.
No, I think it's fine.
Just don't, don't smoke it.
Maybe you could do a similar idea that's quite legal.
And since you obviously know a bunch of other marijuana smokers,
start a door to door hostess cupcake business.
You're talking about a food delivery service for high people?
Yeah.
You just, you just bring munchies to them.
Yeah.
You guys need Starburst?
I don't know.
You could drive them places.
That would be fun, pot chauffeur.
Oh, you could sit next to them in class and movies when they start freaking out
and you just like pat their knee and say, it's going to be cool.
Carry a cool damp rag with you everywhere you go.
Shh, shh, shh.
All right, do you mean when they freak out on hallucinogenic marijuana?
Is that what you're saying?
Or when they start breathing heavily and they're like, I can't breathe,
my throat's closing up.
And you're like, no, it's not.
You're fine.
You're fine.
This is just a SpongeBob movie.
Don't worry.
Because that is what you would be watching.
Mm-hmm.
Don't sell marijuana.
Don't do it.
You're in college.
But if you do-
Just finish college.
And then sell marijuana.
Once you get your business degree-
You don't have to sell marijuana.
You're going to have a college degree.
Yeah.
Times are tough, Justin.
It kind of, but it negates the purpose of having a college degree
if you also have to list on your application that you have been arrested
for felony charges.
Can I suggest that you do that?
Just stop going to college.
Because you're already in the highest paying career
you're going to be able to net.
Just go with this lifestyle.
You just flipped a 180 sentence to sentence.
Write it dirty.
That's all I'm saying.
Get-
Listen, regulators, mount up.
Don't listen.
Hear me out.
Hear me out.
I'm hearing.
Go full criminal.
You're saying like, super criminal.
I-
What do you mean, super criminal?
Super criminal.
Why stop at marijuana?
Go get some fucking sweet code book.
Rob a bank.
Stab a dude.
It's time to break bad.
Listen, the thing that is upsetting us about the idea of you selling drugs
is you have so much to lose.
You've got to get to rock bottom and then-
Climb your way back up.
You'll be unstoppable.
The time has come for you to quit college and like, break really bad.
Do you know why they brought down Nancy Botlin from Weeds?
Because she got family to worry about.
She didn't have that family.
She'd still be on the streets selling.
Yeah.
Well, I stopped watching Weeds a few seasons back, but I'm assuming that that's what happens.
God damn, I want to go have some marijuana.
This question got me in the mood.
Hey, who do I talk to about marijuana?
Where do you get it anymore?
It's legal now, right?
It's pretty much everywhere.
More or less.
Why don't you sell salvia?
Isn't salvia legal?
Fuck, don't sell salvia.
No, that would be doing people a public service because nothing will make you want to never
do drugs again like salvia.
Yeah.
Oh, that's great.
I just had tea with the devil and he told me he was going to kill me if I ever did this again.
Yeah, the devil is going to give me a prostate exam,
so I think I'm going to go lay down in a room for a year.
Okay, cool.
Bye.
Good experience.
Bye, everyone.
Good night.
Hey, great Halloween, everyone.
Time to make a new set of friends because you all saw me cry and pee myself.
I guess I'm not a character anymore.
Now I'm that guy who pees himself.
And rocks in the corner while the devil touches his butthole.
Hey, how about a yahoo?
Yeah, I'm ready.
Okay, this yahoo is sent in by Mike Burnsteel.
Thank you, Mike.
It's a pretty cool name.
Huh?
Pretty cool name.
Yeah, yeah.
I like it.
You know what, now that you mention it, it is a pretty cool name.
It's by yahoo answers user PDFGhost who says,
what are some good ways to look cool at the urinal?
I'm trying to seem cool at work when I'm at the urinal.
Lately, while I'm peeing, I've been putting my hands in my pockets.
I've thought about resting my elbow on the wall and putting my head against my hand,
just kind of chilling, acting like it's not even a big deal and I'm peeing.
NBD.
Any other ideas?
It's not like I'm trying to hook up with any dudes.
I just want people to think, man, that's a chill dude.
And everyone has to go to the bathroom.
So that's where you see the widest variety of people.
Bring your office chair with you and just kind of recline.
Oh, God, yes.
Just roll in there like, what's up, chilling, chill dude.
Oh, and go to the tiny kid's urinal.
And you know, just like lean back in your chair and hit it.
It looks huge.
Can you have a Mai Tai in your hand?
I don't know how cool your office is, but if you can have a Mai Tai in your hand while
you pee from your chair into a child's urinal while your boss watches you.
If you can do it hands-free and put both hands up and it just says,
what the fuck, it's summer, chill dude.
And maybe like hang ten.
And then you're just like, ah.
If you can do some wall push-ups while you're doing it, like get that, get diesel.
Get pumped.
Is it too complicated to do a touchdown dance?
As you're, like when you're done or what?
No, like as you're doing it.
Yeah.
I mean, it seems like a premature celebration because you don't know how long it's going to go.
Or if you're going to go that dribble.
If you do a bad job of it.
Um, can you plank?
Oh, you could if you had those like wall divider things and you just laid across them.
And you tucked your wormy in one of the toilets while you aimed down.
While you peed straight down.
But if there are other people in that bathroom.
I mean, if there are other people at the other urinals that you're planking on,
that's going to be a scene.
That's going to be a whole ordeal.
And what if they got one of those big pee troughs?
I think there's laying in the trough.
That would be perfect.
I've seen some people.
I've seen some people at a Cubs game that just go to sleep in that trough.
Daddy, is he planking?
Like, no, son.
No, son.
He's half dead.
That's JB.
You gotta pee around him.
Although, although if you would look cool, peeing on another guy is cool.
Who's the boss?
Who's the boss?
Oh, wait, you are the boss of this company.
I'll go clean out my desk.
Sorry about your desk.
Maybe just move your desk into the bathroom.
Yeah.
Don't pee in a urinal.
Take Dominion back over your urination.
Just pee in the middle of a conversation.
Pee in your pants.
I better go watch this.
Hey, Bradley, can you hold on for just one second?
Okay, go on.
Can you pee in your pants and then put your pants in the urinal while everybody's watching?
And wash them in there like a little washing machine?
I'll get this later.
Or just leave them behind.
Yeah, I'll pick it up at five.
Hey, Jerry.
How are things in accounts?
When Bradley Cooper took the Limitless Pill, do you think he came up with the coolest way to ever use the urinal?
Can you just do what he does in that movie?
So you've seen the movie, right?
Have not seen it, but does he use a urinal at one point?
He uses all the urinals.
All of them at once.
Limitless Pill gives you five dicks that are very, very cool.
Very accurate each one.
You know how human beings only use 20% of their dicks?
Bradley Cooper uses 100% of his five dicks.
He does 500% all the time.
That's what Limitless is all about.
Is that what it's about?
To be fair, if that's what it was about, it would have been a way better movie.
Just a ring of dicks.
A never ending ring of dicks.
Like a Cthulhu.
It's a very Cthulhu-esque situation.
So I guess those are some cool things you can do.
Can you flex?
Can you thumb wrestle the guy next to you?
There's so many options.
Can you thumb wrestle yourself?
You can scream at the top of your lungs.
Scream not again.
Or I finally got it.
Can you open up a window and pee out the window?
And put your arms up in a manner that says I don't fucking care, man.
I think that part's good.
I think that part is non-negotiable.
You gotta put your pants-
It's gotta be like, fuck it.
Just pee in.
And I do love dropping pants and underwear.
Hey, by the way-
Oh, be a girl.
I think it's a pretty dope way to win at the urinal.
If you're a girl, I think this day is yours.
Hey Dave, check this out.
High five.
I got it.
You go to the stall and you sit down to pee, but you leave the stall door open.
Oh, occupy.
Oh, no, don't worry.
What are you looking at?
Hey, we're all dudes.
Hey, all dudes here.
I'm just taking a break, taking a relaxer while I go.
This one's for me.
This Tucker's for me.
Does anybody have an O Magazine I can peruse?
Got some good housekeeping in here if you guys want to read.
Oh, you can't read.
You're standing up, dummies.
You still use urinals?
What a joke.
I love this luxury.
Like many of your fans, I'm seeking a little advice about the ladies,
specifically coworker type ladies.
I'm really into this girl and I'm pretty sure she's into me,
but a lot of friends have told me that I shouldn't try dating coworkers.
Do you guys have any advice you could give me, bewildered in Brooklyn?
What is your job?
I'm so angry at this person.
Why?
You gotta give us some deets, yo.
It depends on where you work.
If you work at a blockbuster-
Right, that's key.
If you work at a blockbuster video, then you should be fucking like the world is ending,
because it is for blockbuster video.
If you guys are-
At least your financial solvency is ending.
If your lawyer partners, if your partner's at a lawyer firm,
you probably shouldn't fuck because then you'd have to divorce the firm
if something bad happened.
Then where would your clients go?
I know you and I are both lawyer partners,
but I really think this is going somewhere.
This fall on NBC, Lawyer Partners, they like Law and each other, and they kiss.
Watch it.
And Tom Cavanagh's in it.
It's got Tom Cavanagh.
Of course he is.
I think you ask her out.
We know nothing about this girl.
She could be-
I know.
She could be poison.
Like literal poison?
Like her skin is toxic?
I'm saying that she has a big butt and a smile as I'm saying it's going to be a bad scene for you.
Probably.
I don't know.
It depends.
Okay, let's, there's so many factors here.
But let's say if this is a non-disposable job, by which I mean, it's a job-
Like a career.
A career, thank you, Travis, yes.
If it's your career, I don't think intra-career dating is such a great idea,
but here's the thing though.
Here's the thing, and this is where maybe I'm out on my own here.
If she is that special somebody, if she's your special one, then you move heaven and earth.
You quit your lawyer job.
You get a new lawyer partner.
If she's that special somebody, but you need to make sure,
I think you need to get to know her as well as you can in the office situation.
You can date in the office.
I think you got to quit your lawyer job for this girl.
You got to open up a bowling alley in your hometown and just chase her down.
This fall, Tom Cavanagh.
Catch it, NBC, late night, eight o'clock, Sundays.
Catch it.
Please catch it.
And buy a book.
Please catch it.
Buy the book.
For the love of God.
Buy the book.
This is Ed, the book.
I wrote a novelization of the TV show.
I wrote a novelization of a show that was kind of okay that got canceled a decade ago.
Please buy it.
And also Michael Ian Black was in it, so you should check it out.
Michael Ian Black isn't in the book per se, but his name is.
Just over and over again.
It's the title of every chapter.
Please buy it.
Hey, anybody smell that?
I smell another Pulitzer from Mark Twain.
Coming this fall from Mark Twain, Ed, the book.
Ed, the book.
You love Beaches, the book, the movie, the book, the movie, Beaches, the book.
Remember when you loved the book of the movie, Beaches, by Mark Twain?
Get ready to experience magic again.
When he takes, takes to the page with his quill.
Puts it in the paper.
Foo Fighters, come on up, because you won best theme song for a book.
Every time you open it.
I'm in the sky tonight.
I, I think that you can take co-workers.
But I think Justin is right and it has to be worth it.
It can't be like, oh, you know, we kind of click a little bit, I guess.
And I think I could boner.
So you could get a lot of the information that you need by going to like business lunch.
Like, do you want to go to business lunch today?
And, you know, that's your talk.
You pick things up.
There's nothing sexually threatening about taking a girl to Chili's.
She will be none the wiser.
Especially if she's in like a pantsuit and you're in a suit.
Clearly we're out of place here, the TGI Fridays.
I have a negative boner right now.
My boner went in.
That, that it'll be the situation where the server will say,
how are these checks being split up?
And you just laugh and laugh and laugh.
Because of course you're going Dutch.
Look at you.
You're in business suits.
She's wearing a pantsuit.
She doesn't want you to pay for shit.
I've got a briefcase here at TGI Fridays.
I'm going to put my styrofoam container of steakums into my briefcase.
I spilled chimmy rito sauce on these documents.
Well, we're going to lose that big case.
We're going to lose our big client.
He will be put to death in the electric chair because of my sloppy eating.
But she was right.
The guac was worth it.
I'd kill for it.
And now we're in love.
That is how I met your mother.
The end of the show.
Season eight, the end.
Oh, Christ.
Man, I want some marijuana and some chimmy ritos right now.
This show is just filming with our issues.
I'm not even sure chimmy ritos is real.
Why do I hate it up?
Sure they are.
That's chimmy chonga doritos.
It's a mashup.
It's a food.
Chimmy chonga blasted doritos.
It's a food portmanteau.
And also, Tom Cavanagh is there.
Also, Tom Cavanagh is there in the sequel to Ed, the book.
Ed closes down the bowling alley, opens up chilies.
Do you guys know what day it is?
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
It's going to be a long episode, but we got to do it because people have to be aware of
the things that happen in August.
What day is it, Griffin?
What day is it?
There's actually a list of days.
It's a-
No, I don't want-
Lighthouse day.
It's an assistant's dog day.
Particularly preposterous packaging day.
Oh, how whimsical.
Oh, golly.
How whimsical.
That is actually the most foppish day of the year, so let's take a moment to celebrate that.
Every month, Griffin chooses an awareness.
Justin acts like he hates it, but I think he loves-
Secretly, he loves it.
So what, Griffin, have you pre-selected one, I hope, this month?
I have, I have, I have.
I mean, there's plenty of good options, like motorsports awareness month and celery, fennel,
and cactus month.
That's a lot of things for a month to have in it, but I think that what we need to go with-
You're saying fennel should have its own month?
I'm saying fennel, celery, and cactus should each have their own months and not be-
I just don't know how cactus fits in there.
It's kind of an odd manner.
Yeah, I can eat celery and fennel.
I won't like it, but I definitely can't eat cactus.
I can just drink it.
It is.
Get ready for kindergarten month.
We have a lot of pre-pre-pre-preteen listeners that I think we need to take care of their needs.
Dear my brother, my brother, and me, I'm going to be a junior in kindergarten and I need some
more cheddar.
Can I sell marijuana?
Get ready for kindergarten by finding a bodacious strain of marijuana that will take everyone to
Hightown.
Radical.
Oh, this glue stick purple is delicious.
Glue stick hookup?
You want to go over there to Short Darrell?
My brother, my brother, and me.
What can we tell these kids to get them ready for-
Because it's not just kindergarten, it's school.
We're getting them ready for the idea of school.
Hey, shit's about to get really bad for like 13 years.
Get ready to not do all those things you wanted to do whenever you wanted to do them ever again
for 13 years.
You like cartoons?
You're never going to see those again.
The kids at school are going to know if your tan's fake.
Don't let mommy spray tan you.
Good color.
Good base.
You gotta get a good base before you go to kindergarten.
That's so important.
Gotta get a good base.
You gotta get a beach's lunchbox.
Something relevant for the kids.
I don't even know what the- no joke.
I don't even know what an appropriate lunchbox would be anymore.
Do they do lunchboxes?
Ah, fuck, they might not even do lunchboxes.
They just all roll up with Clif Bars.
Clif Bars and Mel Jeans.
To be fair, I went to kindergarten in the OC, so-
Yeah.
Hey, teach, this water fountain fucking sucks.
Sucks.
Can I get a Brita in this bitch?
Is he then filtered?
I need it bubbly, bitch.
Bubbly, bitch.
Filter this.
Filter this shit.
I'm leaving.
Where can my security guard sit?
What?
Do- okay, I really do feel like maybe the most important tip is find out if people still have
lunchboxes.
Because god damn, can you imagine being the one guy to roll up and like throw in the Explorer?
Love it.
I got my lunch in here.
That could- that's going to be your whole identity.
Because you can like throw it away and be like,
Oh, it's an ironic lunchbox. That's how I'm meeting you guys.
It's a joke.
I'm one of those hipster kindergartners you read about.
Oh, they have to exist, right?
On their fixie tricycles?
Like, yeah.
It's a fixie big wheel.
Don't worry about it.
Are these free range animal crackers?
Gotta know.
If these have been caged-
I'm ironically eating animals.
How droll.
I don't even like Dunk Roos.
I don't even like Dunk Roos.
Oh, look at me.
I'm part of the proletariat.
So delicious, get it?
Where's my Clif Bar?
Oh man, I really am so disconnected from-
We gotta have some- we gotta have some fucking kids, you guys.
Do ki- somebody just like us- one of us needs to have kids like a scout.
Yeah.
Just so we know what's going on.
So we can- like, we got our fingers in pretty much every demographic,
but we don't have our fingers in any kids.
Get ready for kindergarten.
Don't let adults put their fingers in you.
That's bad.
That's not how it works.
That's bad.
It's a bad, bad look.
I think that my problem in trying to answer this question is that I picture
kids as just like tiny adults.
Like, that they're into the exact same stuff that adults are into.
That's why we're not parents.
Because we're all- we all operate under that illusion.
Like, if we ever had kids, we'd be like,
hey, there's a new Grindhouse movie coming out.
Oh, you're three.
Ah, shit.
Oh, you've got to try this seasonal ale.
Ah, you're three.
Ah, bummer.
You can't do this.
You want some more bacon?
Ah, you're one.
You're one.
Don't have teeth yet.
Can't nom this bacon yet.
Oh man, that is so weird to think about.
There are humans on this planet that can't eat bacon.
Like, little people, just like you and I.
Little people and also Jewish people also can't.
I don't think that's true.
It's not kosher.
Pretty much, I think everyone other than Americans.
Yeah.
And Canadians.
Canadians are eating thin ham, though.
Don't let them fucking fool you.
Yeah, that's fair.
Nice try, Canada.
Canada, your music and comedy is great.
Your bacon sucks.
Your bacon is fucking really bad.
I had some smoked bacon yesterday at the Blind Pig in Louisville, Kentucky.
Boy, that was- boy, that was good.
I had bacon ice cream.
Try some bacon ice cream.
I had big chunks of caramelized bacon in it.
I want to hear Griffin's last question.
We really got off topic there.
Yeah, that was a pretty- that was a pretty dramatic shift.
But you know what?
Topic, Anton.
When I was four going on five, nobody gave me any fucking pearls.
Just tough it out, kid.
That's how you get to be like us.
Tough it out, pussy.
My brother, my brother, me.
There it is.
So this is My Brother, My Brother, Me.
It's our show.
Thank you for listening to it so much.
Thank you once again for joining us for this hour.
I need a podcast where three people, three grown adults, yell at kids.
We got that for you.
Yeah, we got one of those right here.
We really appreciate everybody talking about our show on Twitter.
Of course, Austin and Mariko is there getting it- getting it done.
DuckLips513, CocaineLols.
Oh, oh, oh, we also have to give like a huge thank you to Casey Green.
You can find his stuff at CaseyGreen.com.com and he- he wore a MBMBAM t-shirt in the Boston Globe.
On a piece about-
In a picture.
On a piece about webcomic writers living in Boston.
And I want to take a moment to thank- we have- I don't know that we've ever thanked the webcomic
community, but holy shit.
They come out in swarms to talk about-
Yeah.
We're talking about- we're talking about big-name players like Emily Terrible.
Talking about-
I love her.
Talking about boxer, hockey, Darwin.
Talking about all- all the good- all the good comics.
So thank you guys so much.
If you ever want to make comics of us, let us know.
We'll pose.
We'll pose-
Pose for you.
Pose for them.
Pose- pose nude.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We want to make naked comics.
Sell them.
We'll be super nude.
How nude do you want it?
It's a sliding scale.
Pose as nude as you want.
You better give me Minotaur legs, though.
Minotaur legs are no deal.
mbnbam.com is our website.
At mbnbam is our Twitter.
Use the mbnbam hashtag.
Congratulations to our buddy, Brett O'Floss, for crossing 10,000 followers.
If you get- if you go to mbnbam.com, all the ways to contact us are on there.
The email, and you can go to ForumSpring and stuff like that.
Guys.
And uh-
What?
Holy shit.
What? Jesse Thorne had a baby.
Jesse and Teresa.
Oh my god.
Congratulations, you guys.
It is the most adorable human being I've ever seen.
Can't eat bacon quite yet.
It'll get there, though.
Yep.
Simon Thorne.
So welcome to the world, little guy.
Thank you-
Simon Travis Thorne.
Yeah.
I can only assume.
Simon mbnbam Thorne.
Welcome to the world, little buddy.
Thank you to John Rogers Longwinners for our awesome theme song.
Go buy that record.
It's putting the days to bed.
It's the name of the record, the theme song.
It's putting days to bed.
Just listen to it.
Name of the record.
Just go buy it and listen to it.
Spotify it.
Is that a verb?
Yeah, you can Spotify things now.
Verbs are created instantly now.
You don't have to wait on those.
Okay.
And that's everything.
Thank you guys so much.
Make sure you come back next week and we'll do it again.
If you wouldn't mind, just like tell someone that you care about.
Maybe burn them a CD.
Maybe burn them a CD or put it on a floppy disk and put it in their a drive for floppies.
So that's where floppies go.
I have a Yahoo that I'd like to consider over the next week.
Okay.
All right.
Something to grow on.
We'll answer next week.
Something to grow on.
Something to think about.
You're already, you skipped to the thinking.
This one was sent in by Louie Dog.
Thank you Louie Dog.
It's by a Yahoo answers user, Tom12.
It's kind of a long one.
Who asks, can pregnant women go swimming?
Is it possible for pregnant women to go swimming without unintentionally drowning the baby?
How far, how can the baby breathe if the vagina is underwater?
Should the mother keep her vagina above the water so the baby can breathe through it?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother and my brother and me.
It's your dad.
It's going to be right on the lips.
