The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
Happy hump day, weirdos. I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
Okay. It's Wednesday.
Oh, okay. But, I mean, not when people are listening to this. So, we got an email
to the My Brother, My Brother, Me email from Lydia, and Lydia shared with us a list of 200
questions for conversation starters from ConversationStartersWorld.com, and the list
is titled Questions to Ask a Guy. And the beginning of the description says,
here's a great set of questions to ask a guy to get him talking. They are designed to get
an interesting conversation started, but still keep it relatively casual. And folks,
these questions are fucking bonkers. Well, this is good, Travis, because
we're just three guys being dudes in this show. I know, right?
And so, what a better way to get us going, get our sort of talk rocks off,
than to just sort of get some convo starties. And you know what? This represents the beginning
of a conversation, doesn't it? Right. And also, at this point,
if we're looking to keep the conversation going, we've been going almost 450 episodes,
we're starting to run out of things to talk about. So, let me ask you this, question number three,
and remember, these are questions designed to keep the conversation going,
but keep it relatively casual. For big guys.
Yeah. Question number three, you wake up suddenly in the middle of the night,
what would be the scariest sound you hear after waking up?
Oh, man. When I'm trying to get to know guys, when I'm trying to like, you know,
I've joined a football club and I want to get to know the other guys, this is always a good one.
We like to bandy this one about. Hey, Theo. Hey, bud. What's the late
night terror for you? What's the dark beating heart of the yawning void inside your soul, Theo?
Hey, dude, pass me a Sprite and tell me about your greatest fears.
I enjoy question 18. Which historical figure wasn't as amazing as most people think they were?
Hey, you want to dunk on Ben Franklin with me, Doug?
Come on, Buzz. Let's get Abe. It's time.
This is the one that I would like us to actually spend some time answering,
because this is the one that I think, if you asked a guy to keep the conversation going,
this would go totally normal. Question 19, you are in charge of making insects a popular food item.
You have one billion US dollars to achieve your goal. How do you do it?
Oh, my God. That's actually one of the best conversations I've ever heard in my entire life.
Yeah, I walk up to a guy and say this. So it's like, hey, so glad you agreed
to come on this blind date with me. Also, you're in charge of making
insects a popular food item, and you have one US billion dollars to achieve your goal.
How do you do it? Well, I'll tell you,
billion bucks buys a lot of marshmallows you can hide bugs inside.
Oh, that's good. So that's step one,
and I could probably pay some people to get stuffing.
Let me be clear, to make bugs a popular food item, you would hide them in marshmallows,
and then after like a year of people eating marshmallows, be like,
hey, did you like those marshmallows? There were bugs in them.
Listen, if things as they are today in 2019 have taught me anything,
it's that if you have a billion dollars, you cannot disperse it to people who need it much,
much more than you. You have to spend it on space rockets.
You have to spend it on bug marshmallows.
Bug marshmallows. So yeah, Trav,
I think I'm leaning in the right direction on this one.
Okay. I'd rebrand everything.
I would make it illegal to say roach. I would make it illegal to say moth.
I would make it illegal to say mosquito. They would be replaced with Fritos 2.
Okay. New nachos.
Two. Guy Fieri presents moths.
Guy Fieri's Turbo Moths.
This is a different plan to bring on celebrities to endorse.
I enjoyed that one too, though. I would spend a billion dollars-
Guy Fieri's Dangerously Cheesy Moths.
Yeah. Pizza-licious roaches.
Hugh Grant's Pizza-licious roaches.
Hey, it's me, Margot Robbie. Eat a cricket.
Oh, I do. I love them.
I had to spend a billion dollars hiring crop dusters to fly over bugs and drop.
Just get them. Yeah, put some salt on them or something.
Make them taste better. And then you're like, they're delicious now.
Maybe some kind of viral challenge. Spend a billion dollars getting them.
I didn't even think about that. Get them eating bugs for a challenge.
The bug eating, the snowpiercer challenge.
Gotta get a Netflix sort of movie about it first.
So we get Sandra Bullock back for Bird Box 2. This one's called Bug Box.
And instead of using the Bird Box as a cudgel to beat the monsters, didn't see it.
But people loved it and started to meme it pretty hard.
So in this one, it's a box full of bugs, but she opens it up and she's like,
oh, actually these look delicious. Are these covered in pizza dust?
And Guy Fieri pokes out and he's like, yeah. And then the monster gets him,
but she eats them and now Bob's your uncle.
Teen's gotta eat this for their Snapchat story.
I got a way to force everybody to eat bugs.
All right.
Just wait. Just wait. Well, it'll happen.
We're gonna get there. There's no need to rush.
We're all gonna be eating bugs here before too long.
Let's not rush it. Let's just enjoy bread while we got it.
Justin with that extremely specific Alex Jones sort of stuff that he's dropping.
And you know what? That's fine. It's dense protein and fuck bugs.
Yeah. That's good bugs.
And also people all over the world that just aren't right here are eating them already.
Yeah. They're like, pass the bugs over here.
They're afraid that we're gonna find out about bugs.
How good bugs are.
Yeah.
And good for you. God.
And if you watch Shark Tank, half of things are bugs now.
If you watch Shark Tank, half of all food products do have bugs in them.
Yeah. Bugs is good.
I feel like I've talked about this on the show more than once,
but I see the Hakuna Matata scene where they ate the big fat grubs.
And I've always found that scene incredibly inexplicably appetizing.
I want to eat the grubby bug that has the juice that comes out of it because I want to know.
They eat them like it's a women's sampler.
And it looks so good.
When he sucks the big one down.
When he sucks that big one.
He sucks that big one down and it looks so just like plump and rising.
It's just like, I want to know maybe.
We often struggle with how to pitch our podcast to people.
I think from now on, it would be easiest to say it's the sort of show
where my brother Griffin has had more than one opportunity
to talk about how delicious he thinks the bugs in Lion King look.
Yep. So it's that kind of program.
Well, in my defense, they give you, I believe, yelling energy in the Lion King video game.
Correct.
So I feel a sort of attachment or health.
It's either health or yelling energy.
And second of all, if they start to get on my case about that,
good thing that scene has a little message
that will help me get through the strife that that will cause.
What is that message?
You know what it is.
It's trademark, but it rhymes with hakuda mabada.
It doesn't actually.
It kind of does.
Okay.
Raccoona.
Chabata.
Chabata.
Raccoona chabata.
Draguna chubaca.
Fetsuna frittata.
Dragoon chubaca is my favorite character in Kingdom Hearts 3.
Kingdom Hearts 3 is out, and I'd love to talk about it.
We can't keep dipping in.
We can't keep dipping in.
I've been told I'm not allowed to, but boy, Siri wants to get in.
Siri just thinks I said to it, Kingdom Hearts 3 is out, and I love it.
Oh man, I hope Google and Siri and all that shit aren't listening
because I just fucked my whole thing.
My whole internet ad thing is ruined.
Tim Cook, while sitting on his Sora, Riku, Kairi bedspread,
just got a notification on his computer, and he's like, ah, good.
We got him.
We got him.
Hey, don't fucking give me a link to that great Reply All episode
about how those things aren't listening to us.
Please, please.
I heard it.
It's great.
I get it.
It was just a joke.
Damn.
God, it was just a joke.
Yeah, you really looked eastward there.
Hey, let's do show.
Let's do show.
It's an advice show.
Recently, my best friend's parents, who I am not that close to-
Fuck you, Marjorie.
Boom.
Boom.
You thought we were friends, but we ain't.
Doug, Marjorie, eat my ass.
What's up?
No, I will not give you a ride to the airport.
Fuck off.
Let me finish, please.
Sorry.
Invited me over for a dinner of pizza and chicken wings
before I would be house-sitting for them.
Please, everybody, it's hard enough for you to read.
Stop wording things in the weirdest possible way.
I will have a dinner of pizza and chicken wings.
Present to me, Krogan, a dinner of pizza
before I would be house-
Okay, a dinner of pizza and chicken wings
before I would be house-sitting for them.
Partway through the meal, my friend's mom said,
oh, hang on, fished a fork out of the drawer
and handed it to me and said, for the wings.
This is fake.
Fake question duped again.
Duped again.
You almost got one by the McElroy boys,
but we weren't born, I was born during the day,
but not during, but not yesterday.
So next question.
Is this a fake?
Next question.
This is a fake?
Scoop this one in the garbage can, yeah.
Wait, why are you so sure?
Scoop it right in the garbage can.
This person doesn't exist, no way.
Fork winger, no way.
Out the window at this point.
Debra fork winger, get out of here.
Dump this one in the front yard.
Let it fertilize the roses, no way.
A wing forker, stop it.
Not wanting to be rude, I took it,
but not understanding how she wanted me to use it
and seeing as no one else was using one,
I sort of awkwardly placed it on my napkin.
For the rest of the meal, I became increasingly paranoid.
She was noticing me not using the fork.
And then I was being very rude by not doing so,
despite me being completely bewildered
as to how to use a fork for a chicken wing.
Brothers, why did she give me the fork?
Is there some new fork technique I did not get told about?
They've done it.
They've cracked it.
What should I have done in this situation
to avoid offending my hosts?
That's fork faux pas in California.
There's a few possibilities here,
and I'm gonna give you one from my files,
from the J files we call them.
When I am eating the flats,
not the drums, but the flaties.
When I'm eating the flaties,
sometimes I'll get a little bit,
there'll be a little bit of that succulent chicken
in between the two bones that make up the flat.
Which is rude of the chicken to hide its meat in there.
Hide that delicious meat for yourself.
So sometimes I'll stick my tongue in there
like that to jam it out.
So the reason why I'm saying this
is that I'm just realizing it at the moment
that that visual palette that I would be presenting there
would be challenging at best.
Especially since you are not that close to it.
So they have not seen this display before now.
It's possible that it's just an inbuilt genetic thing
that some rowdy folks do.
If you maybe pulled this stunt,
I think that maybe they observed it.
Maybe if they observed the stunt,
they might say like,
actually we're gonna go ahead and get you a fork.
Cause we can't,
cause it's Sunday,
we just got back from church
and you're doing wing-a-lingus over here.
Kind of wing-us.
Was it a special like tiny,
like a shrimp fork for wings?
Now that could be useful.
I would love that.
I would hope they would mention it's a shrimp fork
if it was a fucking shrimp fork.
Wowzers.
Yeah.
I mean, you probably had some ragged action on your eating
and the fact that she didn't offer it to anybody else
means that you did the worst job
of eating the wings at the table.
And you can't take that personally,
but there's lots of YouTube tutorials
about how to do it good.
And don't be ashamed to ask for help.
Maybe it was just-
The big game coming,
oh shit, this is gonna be after the big game.
Well, you'll catch it 2020 probably.
Yeah.
Or maybe you'll watch a re-watch,
like maybe you like videotaped the big game.
Hopefully by then football will have been outlawed.
Hopefully, fingers crossed.
Now it's possible that maybe this is just a matter
of like the parents,
they love each other and they love your friend,
but they're not sure on you yet.
So if parents or friends,
if family members got wing stains on the table,
they can forgive that.
But if you wing stain the tablecloth,
they might like then not trust you to then house it
and they have to cancel their vacation.
So this might just be like a defense mechanism
so that you don't ruin their trip to like,
I don't know, to Barbados or wherever they're going.
Where are they going?
Why didn't you include that in the question?
This is important data that I need to know.
No, it's not.
Are you the only one who potentially
did not get bone full wings?
And in fact would find your wings to be bone less.
And so by eating those with your hands,
you're a wild animal.
Wait, why is that, Griffin?
That seems like a double standard.
I've made it easier to eat
and therefore now I have to introduce utensils?
Yeah, yeah.
Hey folks, folks aren't out there eating.
Wow, huh?
This is a double standard though.
I will eat a wing wing with my hands.
And you know, using Justin's technique,
sometimes my tongue and my heart.
But in a chicken tender,
you know I'm gonna hand that one.
That one's getting handed and dippid and mouthed.
But a buffalo, a boneless guy, a buffalo wing,
if you eat that with your hands,
you're a dog in the street.
It's just a small tender or,
you know, the bone full wings flop of your cousin.
Why can't I eat that with my hands?
Mm, what about like popcorn chicken?
Popcorn chicken's hand, of course.
If you eat that with a fork,
you're out of your gourd, man.
Right, so why is it just the boneless wing
with the whole game done changed?
Yeah, well we helped them enough.
How about a yahoo?
Okay, I love that, Griffin.
This one was sent in by Sid Ross.
Sid sent a bunch of great ones in.
Thank you, Sid.
It's an anonymous yahoo answers user
who I'm gonna call the Quaker Oats guy.
Looking at him, he looks regal, regal beagle.
Cool, Quaker Oats guy asks.
Is there an ad for Quaker Oats on your desktop right now?
Like on the screen, or?
No, it's just my desktop background
is an ad for Quaker Oats.
I just love them.
I love these guys.
So Quaker Oats guy asks,
and this is like, this is almost a riddle me piss.
It's 1246 a.m.
Is it too early slash late in the day to make tortellini?
I gotta know.
It's 1246 a.m.
And to answer this one,
we really have to look at the whole sort of clock
using 1246 as like the fulcrum of it
and try to figure out is it,
it's almost certainly too early for pasta time.
But yeah, no one's making pasta at least,
you wake up at 630 at the earliest
and maybe start chowing down on pasta,
that seems weird, but you've made it now.
Six hours in advance, it's gonna be not great.
I think it's definitely too early in the day
to have tortellini,
but I guess it's, again, a question of perspective.
Tortellini, what kind of stuffing
are we talking about with this tortellini?
Because it seems like if you got maybe egg
or maybe bacon,
you might have yourself a kind of a breakfast tortellini.
Now, Justin, I would argue that the stuffing
does not change the fact
that this would still be about six hours
before you could justifiably have breakfast.
Yep, I mean, Saturday Night Live just ended.
I'm real horny, gotta work this off
by making my own tortellini
and stuffing it with breakfast.
Wait, are you making it from scratch?
I assume this is like a frozen scenario,
perhaps a refrigerated scenario.
You're like cranking out the dough and everything?
What time was it?
1246 a.m., I'm horny as hell.
SNL just ended, had me a good belly laugh at that one.
And I need a way to work out these jimmies.
Well, now, I don't know how long it takes
to make tortellini from scratch.
1246 might be the right time to start
if you wanna have it for lunch the next day.
It doesn't take a lot.
Any pastas are very quick, they come together quick.
You put them in the machine.
No, you're making it from scratch, my man.
From scratch, you come together quick,
you put it in the machine.
You don't know.
You start to get the ingredients,
you put it in the machine, you fold it into shapes,
you wrap it around stuffing, you crimp.
And now it's 6.30 a.m.
If you're on the way, you get the deep fat fryer going,
and then throw it all in the trash
and go to Olive Garden
because you don't know how to make it.
Tortellini certainly seems like maybe
one of the more challenging pastas
to try to make from scratch yourself.
Anything full, it's gonna be tough.
But it's fun because if you get bored of eating it,
you can pick them up and use them as little rings.
I used to do that when I was a kid.
I'd have little tortellini rings
and everyone thought it was really cute.
Oh shit, this is a trick question.
Oh.
Okay.
This person works a shift where they go into work
like 4 a.m. to noon,
and so 12 for them is like their breakfast.
They're having, that's brunch.
Yeah, and the other possibility here-
Postability, please.
The other possibility here, thank you Travis,
my brilliant brother,
is that once you reach a certain age,
you can do whatever the fuck you want,
whenever the fuck you want to.
So you can do this,
but you need some sort of,
all you have to do to justify this,
the only person you have to justify this to
is you, yourself,
and the Holy Spirit that dwells within you.
Because that's the end of the day,
you just gotta be able to fall asleep after this
at 2.15 a.m. after you've made and consumed the tortellini.
If you just treat it like,
okay, so I had dinner,
and then SNL started up,
but during commercial break,
I jetted on down to Taco Bell for fourth meal,
and as everybody knows,
the traditional fifth meal is a homemade pasta
that you made yourself.
It's half a serving of tortellini.
You don't need a full serving, come on.
We're not getting silly here.
This is, can I say, Griffin, to your point?
Thank you.
You reach a certain age where you can eat
and do whatever you want whenever you want,
but your body begins to reject it
in a way that I feel is like inverse and unfair.
Yeah.
When I'm a child,
I could have eaten ice cream every meal,
three to four meals in a day,
but I was not allowed to.
But now at 35,
if I do that in one day, I'll die.
Yeah, when I was a kid,
I would pack three packs of Gushers for my lunch,
and Dad would see that and say,
no, you don't.
And now that I'm an adult,
it's like my body is my dad.
My favorite John Mayer song.
Is that what dad bod means?
As long as you live under my skin,
you'll obey my rules.
Hey, young man.
It's kind of like,
it's kind of like Krang, Griffin.
The brain that lives in your belly
pilots the entire operation.
That's kind of what you're feeling.
Yes, but it would be like if the rest of Krang was like,
I think I'd like pizza tonight.
And Krang was like,
we'll be up all night with Hi-Bang.
You don't think that that shell
that Krang rode around in did want pizza?
That thing looked,
nothing has ever looked like it wanted pizza
more than Krang's body.
That shell suit is maybe the saddest character
in all of television ever.
He didn't ever get to do anything he wanted.
He wanted to hang out with,
maybe he liked the turtles.
He liked their flips and their pizza.
And he had to fight against them.
That's sad.
Did those cowards ever put Krang in a movie?
I'm gonna say no,
because he would have looked,
if you're talking live action,
he would have looked like a shaved scrotum.
And I think I'd remember that.
Yeah, like tummy nuts.
Here's a quick update.
Quick update.
He appears in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2
and he is voiced by Brad Garrett.
The perfect person.
One person I hope would play Krang.
And Ray Romano does the body's voice.
Ah, you're a traitor.
Traitor, traitor.
I have had this problem for a long time
and I can't get it to end.
People ask me for directions constantly.
I'm not over exaggerating.
No matter where I am or what I'm doing,
some stranger will do their best to flag me
and ask for directions.
I've had a mother pull over to the side of the road,
children in the car,
window rolled down to ask me for help.
I've, why?
Okay, I've had people basically run me down
in the pouring rain for directions.
I've tried wearing noise canceling headphones.
I even tried walking with less confidence,
but none of it helps.
I've been told by my friends
that my resting face looks pissed off.
So why does every person in the world
want to ask you where the bathroom is?
How do I make this stop?
Is it impossible?
Help.
Sincerely, the Minotaur.
No, sorry, I misread it.
For Ava in Lake Forest.
Yeah, I used to think,
so I kind of get where this person's coming from
because I used to think
that I had some sort of weird power
that in public people would just want me
to take their phone or camera and take their picture.
Like we would be,
I remember one time we were walking around in Central Park
and like I got stopped like five different times
so that some couple,
they would like hand me their phone
and be like, can you take a picture of us?
And it happened to me so much
I started to think that there was some sort of weird
like Truman Show shit going on.
Normally.
And then what happened, Griffin?
Well, and then my boat smashed through the wall
and who was back there?
My real wife.
Brad Garrett.
Brad Garrett, my real wife.
Now normally I would chastise this person
because I feel like people coming up to you,
I don't know, where I'm at in my life,
this isn't for everybody,
but like it feels like a mitzvah, right?
It feels like you have this opportunity to help people
and that's like a sort of blessing.
You should be happy that you can help somebody.
One of like the only areas in which I cannot accept
it is in fact giving directions.
I couldn't give anyone directions.
People ask me directions to my home
who are coming to like deliver something
and I can't help them.
I don't know what to tell them.
Like just the phone took that from me.
I don't have that anymore, okay?
The phone took that.
I don't know what anything is.
And you should have a phone too and I know you do.
This is a fun test.
I don't know what the street that feeds into my street is called.
I don't know what the street that goes into my street is called.
I don't know what that is.
I don't know what its name is, which isn't great.
I don't think I do either.
That's not great, boys.
If someone asks me for directions,
if they're not starting from my house,
I don't know what to tell them.
Like, okay, first come to my house
and now I can tell you how to get to the store from there.
I get this a lot.
I think maybe it's because I've worked so many retail jobs,
but I give off a vibe whenever I'm in a store,
I think that I know where stuff is in the store.
I get asked that like if I'm at Home Depot or Kroger
or whatever, people will stop me and ask me specifically
if I know where things are.
You look like a shop boy.
I do.
I do look like, you know, I wear a lot of polos.
So I get it.
I get polos and khakis.
Everyone knows that's my go-to look.
This is why I wear tank tops, guys.
People are only gonna ask you directions to one thing
and that's the bar.
Or a gun show.
Or a gun show.
Or a party.
A gun show would be, yeah.
No, it's not a real gun show, Juice.
Talking about my big arms.
Yeah, because your big arms.
Okay.
Yeah, it was good.
Hold on, I'm writing a note to myself about the good joke
you did.
It was a good joke.
Who needs guns?
I have these big arms and then I would cock my bicep
like it was like a gun.
You would like break your arm?
Yeah, I bend it 90 degrees, but then I bend it right back.
And then what comes out of my elbow?
A little cannon.
A lead a battle angel too.
Griffin is him.
Hey, what's going on with that fucking clip?
Yo, Robert.
Hey, Robert.
Hey, I've been seeing commercials and it kind of looks
like those, you know, there's like we turn the Simpsons
into real people and this is what it looks like.
It's kind of like that and I don't think that movie
should be allowed to come out.
No one asked me about it and I just am not sure that
it should come out because I've been seeing a lot of
pictures from it, Rob.
And I'm just not sure, but I don't know.
Well, there goes that sponsorship.
Let's try with the other ones, I guess.
I just hopped on Rotten Tomatoes to see if the
Alita was getting scores yet.
There's a movie coming out called What Men Want.
With Taraji P. Henson.
Yeah, that looks cool.
I wonder how many of these great questions it's going
to have in it.
How many of these great icebreakers.
Probably a lot.
If you could design a tree house, what would it look
like, that kind of thing.
You know what would be in my tree house?
Go for it.
What's that?
A Casper mattress.
Okay.
And listen, I know you're saying, Travis, how would
you get a mattress of a tree?
It would be easy because one, I'd have a really cool
pulley system.
It would be very Swiss Family Robinson.
But also, they come in boxes and then you cut them
open and it goes, and becomes a full size mattress
like the raft in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.
So that's cool.
Very cool.
Also, they're incredibly comfortable.
I notice whenever we tour or travel or whatever and
I sleep on a mattress that isn't my Casper mattress,
I legitimately notice a decrease in the quality of
my sleep.
And they have free shipping and returns in the US
and Canada and no hassle returns.
So you can be sure of your purchase with Casper's 100
night risk free sleep on it trial.
So you can sleep on it for 100 nights and then on
like night 100 be like, no, you know what?
Forget this.
And you can send it back.
No hassle.
But don't do it.
That's messed up.
Don't do it.
No, don't do it.
Don't do this.
But you can also get $50 towards select mattresses
by visiting Casper.com slash brother and using promo
code brother at checkout.
That's Casper.com slash brother with the promo code
brother for $50 towards select mattresses,
terms and conditions apply.
And you get our personal guarantee.
You're going to have way more wet dreams than
one of these bad boys.
Yeah, when talking about a 400% increase at least
or our money back.
Yes.
And I can give you a Travis macro guarantee that
one of the Hemsworths has slept on this mattress
before it got to you.
Hey, Federal Communications Commission.
That's a Travis macro guarantee.
It's not legally binding.
Federal Communications Commission.
You're listening to this one now.
What's up?
It's a goose.
You know what?
If the SEC fined us for you guaranteeing 400% increase
in wet dreams, I would wear that fine like a badge of honor.
Stitch Fix.
I'm not going to lie about Stitch Fix.
I'm only going to say true things.
But every single article of clothing I've ever received
from them has a retail price of $15,000.
And I don't know how they're selling it to me for
they all cost seven cents.
And it seems to me.
Oh, Justin.
Oh, Justin.
This one feels bad.
No, it's not true.
Hold on.
If you would like to start filling out your wardrobe,
but you're bad at picking out clothes, I get it.
I've known a lot of people like that.
People like that.
But you don't have to live like a sloppy boy or girl
or non-gender binary adhering individual any longer.
No, you can turn to Stitch Fix.
You're going to give them your measurements,
can tell them a little bit about some of the environments
you find yourself in your day to day,
and then they're going to get you some looks.
And you're going to tell them what you think about those looks.
Keep only the ones that you like.
And those are the only ones that you are going to be paying for.
And then your stylist, your personal stylist,
is going to get feedback about what you like and don't like.
In that next box, it's going to be even better.
And so on and so forth.
The ones you don't like, by the way,
you can exchange and return those.
It's always free.
There's no shipping fee.
And there's the styling fee, the fee for your own personal stylist.
It's only 20 bucks.
And that gets applied towards anything you keep from your shipment.
So like, no worries.
Get started now at stitchfix.com slash my brother,
and you'll get an extra 25% off
when you keep all the items in your box.
That's stitchfix.com slash my brother to get started today.
Stitchfix.com slash my brother.
Can we just do a quick stitch check?
My pants stitch, my shirt stitch.
My pants are stitch and my over sweater is stitch.
My jeans are stitch and my shirt says
Hills is where the toys are.
Didn't get it from stitch.
Oh wait, can we go back?
My pants are stitch and my tiny blue alien is stitch.
Great, Trav.
That's just good.
Thank you.
That's just good.
Okay.
I'm glad we went back to pick that up.
I would have felt terrible for days.
Moving on.
Not all heroes wear capes.
Some heroes watch war movies and then review them.
Friendly Fire is a war movie podcast
for people who don't necessarily like war movies,
although it does not exclude people who love war movies.
I'll have you know that I am wearing a cape.
My cape is just made of sound deadening material
from an audio recording studio.
It's a really great show.
John's daughter doesn't like it
because we sometimes say swear words on it,
but almost everybody else that has ever listened to it
has enjoyed the program.
Download and subscribe to Friendly Fire
wherever you get your podcasts.
To the victor, go the spoiler alerts.
Y'all want a yahoo?
No.
I want a munch.
Squad.
I want too munch.
Squad.
Took it into a minor key.
Yeah.
The big game's coming up, folks.
And I am-
It was yesterday.
Coming up next year.
Super Bowl 34.
Just 364 days away.
Almost certainly we're not at 34, are we?
54.
Super Bowl 54 coming up real quick.
I can't wait to watch it to see who's in it.
Bojangles is cashing in on-
We can't say super-
Have you all ever known anyone
so terrified to say anything
as people are to say the Super Bowl?
I know I'm just saying it,
but what happens?
It must be real bad, huh?
They must be really aggressive about that
because people work really hard not to say it.
I think probably not us though.
I think we're probably fine.
I think the Super Bowl-
Yeah, I said it.
What about Super Bowl?
Send out an email that says,
hey, also the big game now.
You can't say that one anymore.
Now you have to call it the Sipper Bowl from now on.
The football party.
Call it that or nothing.
So Bojangles just added-
Competitive hugging.
Bojangles adds an MVP to his lineup
just in time for the Super Bowl.
I added it, not Bojangles.
Come after me, lawyers.
The caption on this photo,
which is the biggest pile of chicken
I've ever seen in my entire life,
says, Bojangles, encourage you.
The name is plural.
The entity is singular.
And so it says, Bojangles, encourage you
to call ahead to pre-order
your 50 piece Chicken Supremes
or Homestyle Tender Platter
or Call of Duty Black Ops 5.
Pre-order anything you want
when you call Bojangles.
We don't give a shit.
All great teams update their playbook
before the big game.
All the teams update their playbook
before the big game.
That's why Bojangles is adding a new play
just in time for this Sunday's showdown.
A 50 piece Chicken Supremes platter
available for $49.99.
Do that math.
It's a buck.
A tender.
A buck a clock.
A buck a clock.
This Sunday at participating.
Holy fuck.
A buck a clock.
A buck a clock.
It's this Sunday at participating Bojangles.
Check your luck.
Fuck a buck.
A buck a clock.
Packed with your choice of our popular
perfectly seasoned Chicken Supreme
or our mild flavorful Homestyle Tenders.
Hey, y'all, I don't know if you got
Bojangles around you.
One of those is spicy and fuck me
if I can ever remember which one it is.
There's a 50 piece platter.
It also comes with 12 delectable sauces.
Get your dip on.
Woof.
Oh, man.
Get your dip on with our classic ranch
tangy barbecue.
Zesty Bo's special sauce gross.
And of course, that irresistible Bojangles
honey mustard.
Any good coach.
Bojangles is making a lot of assumptions
about its knowledge of sports.
Any good coach knows it's important
to get your play in early
and you can do the same.
What?
Hey, you heard me.
Start.
Go.
Go, go, go.
All right, guys, first down.
Let's go for that field goal.
First down, better punt it.
Get that play in early, though.
Don't twist it.
Never expect it.
You can call your local Bojangles today
to pre-order your platter for Sunday.
You may be mad at me for telling you this
after the Super Bowl,
but I'm doing it for your own good.
I always assume with these,
there's some small percentage of the audience
that will say,
hmm, buck a clock, huh?
Don't mind if I do.
So I've just saved you from that.
You're welcome.
Patrick say,
quote, a Bojangles 50 piece platter
will always win your game day gatherings.
Most valuable platter award
says Randy Poindexter,
senior vice president of marketing
for Bojangles.
No, no.
Hey, whatever, all the platters
and Bojangles,
you win most valuable platter.
But wait, I bake brownies myself.
That doesn't matter.
Bojangles.
I spent 50 bucks on this,
a buck a clock.
It's most valuable.
This is a $50 retail price.
I can take this out on the street
and wholesale it for $75.
Easy, no problem.
Our Supremes and Homestyle Tenders
are so delicious,
you might even need to bring along
a second platter for your group
of monsters.
It doesn't say of monsters,
but hey, I don't care
how many people are gathered
in the Lord's name.
And by the Lord, I mean the Super Bowl.
They shouldn't eat more than 50 chickens
and- Yeah.
This is my best friend.
I hope you don't mind
I brought him to the game.
He's a kiddie pool full
of hydrochloric acid.
I brought this chipper shredder.
I don't know.
So if you don't mind,
I'm just going to karate kick
the leg of this table off
and then just let everything
slurp down into it.
This is my uncle.
He's a hole.
So just to check,
you didn't buy two of these platters,
right?
Because hole uncle wants to-
Yeah, okay.
He's got to grub down too.
Get creative with your chicken
Supremes or homestyle tenders.
Check out Bojangles tailgate hacks
to learn how you can use
Bojangles menu items
as a base for creating
your own craveable game day recipes.
So here is what Bojangles
is presumed to tell you.
You can take the things
that we made and make them
good for game day time.
Wait, what are they suggesting?
They're suggesting tailgate hacks, Griffin.
Justin, that doesn't mean anything to me.
That sounds like some sort of
cybermancer is trying to gain access
to my station wagon through the rear.
So here's the thing that's troubling.
The press release says
that you can check out
the Bojangles tailgate hacks,
but that information is not available
anywhere on the internet.
I am currently very challenged
by this Bojangles tailgate hack thing
because they do say that it is...
Okay, okay.
Okay, there's a Facebook page.
Did you find the Facebook page?
Yeah, I found the Facebook page.
I got some YouTube's here
from the Bo channel.
Let's see.
Or some guacamole.
I'm going to tell you this one.
It's buffalo chicken crescent ring.
Okay, so the person's made a huge
sort of sunburst out of croissant wedges.
Okay, it's like a flower shape.
And then they take a bunch of chicken
off of three chicken breasts.
Okay, then they dump in a bunch
of hot sauce into them.
I bet they're going to stir them.
Yep, yep.
They're stirring it, folks.
They're stirring it up.
An entire brick of cream cheese.
One container of Bojangles ranch.
No, sorry.
Two containers of Bojangles ranch sauce.
They combined those and...
No, don't mix them together.
No, they're mixing them together.
Oh, Christ.
Now they've made a ring of it
and it's inside the croissant.
And now they've topped it with cheese.
How could you?
And now they're folding up the edges
to make a big...
Wait, slow down.
I'm writing this down.
A big stinky ring of chicken
and they've got more ranch for dipping
because fuck you.
This video came out November 17th, 2018
on the Bojangles official channel
and I am the 88th person to ever see it.
Oh, no.
How is this possible?
Oh, no.
How is it possible
that there are only 88 views of this video?
More than 88 people made it.
I'm looking at a different one
where they've made a sort of bruschetta
out of Bojangles potato rounds.
And this one's got...
It came out same date, 78 views on this one.
Hashtag Saturday, hashtag food hack.
These are so good.
Hashtag football, hashtag tailgate
with hashtag Bojangles, hashtag potato rounds.
Yes, please.
Hashtag the first empty dish at the tailgate.
We are your tailgate HQ.
Hashtag long live the tailgate.
Go get you some.
Do they really need the hashtag
potato rounds there?
As though if I wanted to find something about potatoes,
I couldn't simply search the word potatoes
and that would probably bring up everything about potatoes.
Let's all silently find this Facebook video.
I have not posted on Facebook since the birth of my son.
I'm gonna go ahead and share this now.
I've just shared it now
and I will let you all know in real time
how much social media attraction I get
with this video on my timeline.
I want...
Can I push this a little further, Griffin?
Yeah.
I want everyone to share it.
I want everyone to go to the Bojangles page
and we're gonna make...
Yeah, you can find it easy.
Just search hashtag potato.
Everybody, I've shared it on my timeline.
Everybody should go find this fucking vid and share it
and just start commenting on it.
We'll be responding to questions throughout the week.
We'll be doing an AMA.
We'll be doing an AMA.
We own the comments on this bitch now.
These are ours.
Loving this.
I just commented loving this one.
So that's the comments from me, Griffin.
If you want to comment...
Yeah, let me get on yours.
You can just reply to my comment
that we did on the potato post.
People are gonna...
I don't know.
Okay, my football guys love this one.
Oh, that's great.
Man, this video is gonna be viral all of a sudden.
And I feel pretty good that if you're the person that made it,
you're gonna have a kick-ass week because of it.
You're gonna think that you finally had an impact.
I mean, you did.
You did.
You did.
This ain't artificial.
You did it.
Okay, should I do a Yahoo?
Yeah.
Or is there more?
I mean, I had...
There's other things, but I feel like we've spent too much time
on the Munch Squad already.
Okay, so we'll just move on.
I got one here that was sent in by Adrian Cowles.
Thank you so much, Adrian.
It's a Yahoo Answers user, Window, who asks,
is it rude to look at other people's shopping
at the supermarket?
Wait, have we talked about this before?
Sorry, I was distracted because I'm sharing the link
to the potato thing on my Twitter,
but with no comments whatsoever.
It's gotta be Facebook.
It's gotta be Facebook.
I want it to be...
It's gotta be Facebook.
Well, I'm sharing the link to the Facebook page.
Okay, it'll be fully five days before this episode comes out.
Yeah, that's a long time to wait for content.
But hey, bud, it's your Twitter.
Thank you.
So is it rude to look at other people's shopping
in the supermarket?
I love looking at other people's shopping
in the supermarket, but I hate when they look at mine.
But everybody's looking all day, all the time, right?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes, when I roll past, my favorite thing to do
is to try to like Sherlock a thing and be like,
oh, they're gonna make, I don't know, barbecue
or they have diarrhea or whatever.
If you walk past and you look at their cart
and you're like, oh, they're, I don't know,
planning a big weekend with a college friend
that they haven't seen in a decade.
Yeah, the Mario Party mini game version of this
is at CVS when you see me and I've got special order
sort of these big boxes of Imodium.
And so you see me walk up and you know sort of
what my whole story is.
But at the grocery store, I mostly try to just try
to play a game of just like, are you being a healthy boy?
Because that's really all I can get.
I don't like to snoop in there a lot,
but I can tell like, I can tell, I can tell.
If I see a lot of stuff from the produce section,
I'm like, you're just bragging now.
My worry is always that when I buy something
with toilet paper, the people who see it
are gonna assume that whatever it is makes me poop.
Yeah.
Like if I buy a symphony bar and toilet paper,
I was assuming they were gonna think the symphony bar.
You know what's heartbreaking?
We've definitely talked about this before.
That's what I was gonna say.
This is the, I don't wanna have another
Hakuna Matata Bugs moment,
but Justin is definitely talking about his fear
of buying stuff with toilet paper for the fear
that it would make people think that whatever he was buying
would make him shit.
Well, that's why I like to buy all that stuff,
the sort of unspeakable stuff in one lump sum.
So I'll get toilet paper and, you know, Jimmy Caps.
And then you don't know what kind of fucking day I'm having.
I hate the feeling of buying 18 rolls of toilet paper
like when I'm at the store,
but there's not a quicker emotional flip I go through
than buying 18 rolls of toilet paper at the store
and feeling like a bad person
to seeing 18 rolls of toilet paper in my hall closet
and I feel bulletproof.
Nothing could touch me then.
Look at all this fucking toilet paper I have.
I'm good for whatever happens.
I'm so loaded, I'll never have to think
about toilet paper again, ever, ever, ever, never again.
That explains why you keep calling your closet
the panic room and it's just full
top to bottom of toilet paper.
So I'll tell you what I like seeing
is just a lot of one thing in somebody's cart,
just like chock full of Activia.
And it's like, good for you.
Whenever I see something like that where someone's like,
they got the ingredients to say make pancakes,
but times 50 where I'm like,
you are doing a charity fundraiser for something
and I support you.
And what never crosses my mind is
that person fucking loves pancakes.
Loves them, has to have Activia.
I noticed the thing that I think the thing I've seen the most
in this situation is party pizzas.
You see college kids and they've got like 50 party pizzas
in there and they've got a look on their face
like they're about to pull the heist of the century.
Nobody can tell me how to live anymore, dad.
99 cents for a whole pizza?
I'm a savvy shopper now.
Their dad bod hasn't fully sort of formed yet.
Sure.
Hasn't really gestated.
There is a perfect three years where you have the money
to buy party pizza and the physical ability to do so.
Yes.
This is why they make carts so big
and so fucking see-through is so that everybody
can scope out each other.
Everybody can clock each other's sort of needs
without being like super, super obvious about it.
It's really good people watching.
Let me give you a number one Travis shopping hack.
This is why every time you just grab,
like you're going to grab some like pickled onions.
You're just going to grab something, right?
Three or four of them.
But you're going to hand it back to the cashier
when you get up there and say,
oh, I changed my mind.
I don't want these pickled onions.
And that's going to keep the looky loos.
I see.
I'm guessing about what's going on in there.
Like, oh, he's pickled onions.
What's he doing?
Oh, those weren't my pickled onions.
See, I like-
I was like decoy.
I like to go and get some-
Also, it makes more work for the people
who work at the grocery store.
I bet they appreciate it.
I like to swing by the butcher,
get some of that good sort of parchment
and line my cart with it.
That's fun.
Because what I do, that's for,
now you can't see inside.
This is my stuff.
And you can also draw on it.
You can draw on it, which is fun.
For the kids.
Well, and for me.
I like to put a hole in the bottom
of my shopping cart for trash
and claws and bones.
So as I'm eating my way through the-
Oh, Justin.
What's up?
They don't-
There's no way-
Man, we've talked a lot about shoplifting
or lifting, as the lifting community calls it.
But we've never really talked
about food lifting before.
There's-
I've already used it up.
You can't get this out of me.
That's good stuff.
You can pull the watch out of-
Well, they can.
You can pull the watch out of my pocket,
but you can't pull the Activia
out of my GI tract.
Cause it's already doing,
it's great work in there.
Hey, I'm going to give,
I don't know, Kroger or Meyer
or whoever's listening,
a million billion dollar idea.
Put little like self checkout
throughout the store.
So then as I'm walking, I'm like,
I want to tear into these Cheez-Its right now.
I can just scan it and pop the fiber in
and then just start eating them.
Boom.
My receipt, look out.
Or to just, you know,
let's add back into the economy, Travis.
We can have like a patience associate
who goes around and if they see you sort of,
you know, slavering over your own cart,
they see you and like,
can't wait to crack into that dry tortellini, huh?
I feel you.
You want me to beep that out for you?
And then I can beep it out
and then you can have yourself a time.
And we'll have private booths
for you to do this work in.
Yes, oh, I like that.
Oh, and you set me up
with like a little camp stove
and a pot of water
and I can have that tortellini right now.
You get me a Bic lighter and a can of Coke,
I'll tortellini those up for you.
My local Kroger has a program
where you can have old cookies
sitting out on the deli counter.
There's a container of yesterday's cookies
that is free, you know, for the kids.
And I talked to this outreach program
up to my four-year-old daughter, Charlie, a lot.
And because it was the first time
we had a Kona Kroger, I think.
And I said, they got this thing,
they used to have this thing as a kid
where they would have like free cookies.
So I rolled back to the counter of the deli
and there's no container of cookies.
And everyone working at the counter
is like 20 feet away from the counter.
So I started standing there
with like a casual kind of talking to my daughter
about, huh, I guess there's no cookies, sweetheart.
I thought, but I realized this wasn't loud enough
to get the attention of anybody.
So then I started talking louder.
Well, sweetie, I guess they don't have any free cookies.
I'm sorry, I guess they don't have any this time.
And then the person working the counter
20 feet away looks up at me,
takes off their gloves and start walking up.
And I'm like, oh no, oh no, oh no.
Oh no, oh no, I don't want,
this is too involved, oh no.
And they said, what do you need?
And I said, free cookies.
And they looked at me completely blank,
like, of course you'd like some free cookies.
Sir, this is a store.
Everything is purchased here.
I cut, I cut pigs.
What are you talking about?
I'm the pig cutter.
I have no jurisdiction over cookie prices.
So, okay, for future reference,
if you do go to Croaker,
the free cookies are at the bakery counter.
That's where you're going to want to go for that.
You don't want to go to the place where they cut the meat.
And ask for free cookies
because you will be an embarrassment to your child.
And your brothers.
And the audience of people, I'm assuming, at this point.
So I guess this is my roundabout way of saying
I'm super sorry to Croaker and everybody.
And I'm just really sorry.
I've just realized that, oh no,
this has become too involved could also be
like the McElroy motto on our crest of arms.
Folks, thanks for hanging out with us.
We sure appreciated our time with you.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
We are, yes, we have one last chance to you
to pitch our shows in Birmingham, Alabama,
and New Orleans, Louisiana.
These are going to be happening this week
as you listen to this.
On February the 7th, we're going to be in Birmingham, Alabama
at the Alabama Theater.
And on the 9th, we're going to be doing the Adventure Zone
at the Orpheum in New Orleans.
The 10th, we're going to be doing
My Brother, My Brother and Me in New Orleans.
Both of those My Brother, My Brother and Me shows
will have Sawbones and Schmanners opening up for them.
So it's a huge value.
Come see them, come see us.
Also, go ahead and start sending in your questions
for those of you haven't already.
Make sure to put New Orleans or Birmingham
in the subject line.
And I'm just going to go ahead and tell you
to send in those yahoos too.
Am I right, Griffin?
Yes, please, please, please.
If you go to McElroy.family and click tours,
you can get tickets for those shows.
I think they're going to be very fun
and we would love to see you there.
So please come out for those.
While you're at it, just poke around McElroy.family
and also find links to our merch
and to our other projects, including video stuff
like episodes of Monster Factory.
There should be a new one up by the time you hear this.
So go check that out.
Thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed, which is a bop.
And also thank you to Maximum Fun
for having us on the network.
You can go to Maximum Fun,
check out all the great shows there.
Lots of new additions to the network.
Very exciting, all at MaximumFun.org.
And do y'all want that final?
You know I do.
Yes.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Sid Ross.
Thank you, Sid.
It is an anonymous Yahoo answers user
who I'm going to call Preston.
Asks...
Can 38 year olds listen to Slipknot?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
My brother, my brother and me, kiss your dad.
And we host One Bad Mother, a comedy podcast about parenting.
Whether you are a parent or just know kids exist in the world,
join us each week as we honestly share
what it's like to be a parent.
I'm just gonna end with this.
Everybody, you're doing a remarkable job
of swimming through the shit show that is parenting.
So join us each week as we judge less,
laugh more and remind you that you are doing a great job.
Find us on Maximumfun.org, on Apple Podcasts
or wherever you get your podcasts.
