The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother mean advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin
McElroy, I'm your middlest brother Travis McElroy, and I'm the sweet baby brother Griffin Andrew McElroy
Let me just get ahead of it. Let me get ahead of it. I watched the first episode
First episode
It was harrowing is the word I would use I was made certain assurances that we would not need to talk about man
No
But I also don't want people now what I've run into because of the blast on which I was put that yeah in
in my life
Social media in streaming and everything I've done if I mentioned in your bedroom in my bedroom
My wife my children my dog your professional when I'm talking to my priest
My spiritual guidance my yogi when I'm talking to my yogi bear when I'm talking to them
You gotta watch the movie boo-boo and I say I've done I did this today
They're like you should have been watching Man vs. B. And I'm like, okay, I did it now. I did it now never again
So here's the issue Travis you're getting
Man vs. B 1.1
There were a lot of complaints registered toward Netflix with some of the gratuitous
male and B nudity
Yeah in the original cut and so as they are want to do
What with this streaming era and the death of art they went in and just took all that stuff out
So, you know how the episodes are like 20 minutes long
Yeah
They used to be like 35 40 and you were getting a good 15 to 20 minutes of man and be nudity
well, I actually anticipated that because I know of
Netflix's rampant censorship and you know, I actually watched it in 90-second chunks on daily motion
Yeah, I found a playlist and I just watched it that way now there were a couple chunks missing which frankly made it incoherent
But other than that, obviously I dipped into daily motion for those clips for my own
Purposes. Yeah, and my net nanny was like, yeah, well you can we'll let this one go
They're like, it's they were like, it's mr. Bean like there's no erotic
Value it auto blurt out the bees
Huge ding along. Yeah
Which is understandable, but they were like, it's mr. Bean's dick and his balls in butthole
It's educational and it's edge. It serves an educational
Yes at that now see that's what I actually noticed Griffin that my net nanny was a little too lenient as well
Which is why I hired a real-life nanny to stand over my shoulder while I looked at stuff
Specifically man versus being I got a Mary Poppins ask like no. No, no, mr. Bean's dick today master Travis
Watching it too much apparently and it was affecting my relationship with my kids
Yeah, she said you must go outside and get some vitamin D and I said I get all the vitamin D
I
Just want them to release the Snyder cut of man versus I
mean
Greg Snyder who was the on-set intimacy consultant for being the man in the be any time that there was
Exposure happening like the scene where the bee climbs inside of his his mr. Bean's penis. Yeah
Um, I want to see he worked hard on that like, yeah
both of them through that and it was probably pretty painful and
Humiliating and it's wild to me that they made such a progressive step to hire an intimacy coordinator
Which everyone should do but then also the rest of it exists. And so that was that was difficult to me
I watched the Snyder cut of
Of Justice League, okay. My big thing there was fucking funny
Yeah, raise your asses everyone. There is just so many scenes of people eating chips that it got
Snyder's is a chip brand which I think might only manufacture chips in
They use peanut oil nice
Enough said
Said they're
Appreciate that. Um, this is an advice show
obviously where we
Take your questions and turn them alchemy like into wisdom. I feel like it's been a
150 years since we've recorded one of these. Well, we should also note that Griffin Griffin decided to move
Yeah
Like yesterday just real hair up my ass sort of stuff where I was like, I'm gonna uproot my entire family and
relocate to the to the beast. Well, most of your family you're having them
Compete to see right he left behind it to make a new life in Austin
You don't want to see it all that territory is you know
So you you want to leave a man in Kamchatka as it were it is kind of our southern
HQ Griffin, which I am I I feel like I covered the Midwest HQ for a while. Yeah
um and and now I feel like you're kind of encroaching a bit on my territory, which I'm not wild about I
Appreciate that we can finally make it permanent our
Absolute denial of other time zones. Yes. Yeah, if you don't know about this this little fact of ours
We have people on on our our team all throughout the country
And if any of them mention any time zones other than Eastern Standard Time, we refuse to acknowledge like we can't process it
Yeah
I asked me again in the in a real time zone because if you talk about another one and we've been doing this with Griffin
Yeah, Griffin has had to pretend that he does not live outside the Eastern Time Zone
Occasionally, I'll be like, oh we can start at 11 and I'm like, it's already 11 already 11. What are you talking about?
Uh, yeah, we're like flat earthers, but for like a very specific sort of latitude range
Yeah, and I'm just saying like daylight savings time who's saving it and give me some back. You know what I mean?
I want some of that some of Travis's whole deal. That's my thing about let's do let's do questions
It's gonna be a while before I do questions again, and I mean we are about to do like three live shows in a row
But that's how you're right. We're about to be doing too many questions, but still my hunger must be sated
Yeah, whenever I go to someone else's house, even my best friends. I hate staying the night. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah, it's not yeah, your stuff's not there. Yeah, your stuff's not there. It's not where your bed is
That's not the air you like. I am not able to sleep always in a cold sweat and wake up feeling gross
I'm happy to be with my friends. So what can I do enjoy waking up within the next morning?
That's from anxiously awake in Alabama
You can't you can go home and then come back before they wake up and then you're like whoa right there
Oh, I was here the whole time to you guys that there's that
sleepover the the sort of like logistics of sleepovers that math changes once you are sort of
Independent and can drive because I would much rather I'll kick it with you until the wee hours
And then when it's time for sleeping in a bed, I have my own that I have been sort of
nestling into
Fucking hard for a long time now
And that is no curious. What about the dangers of driving in the evening? Oh, what time do you go to bed?
Just think cuz I'm heading home at like nine o'clock
Yeah, the wee hours so I was I meant nine to nine thirty
That's when I come home and me and Rachel play we together
We play we play competitive very competitive boom blocks till we work up a nice sweat and then we instantly go to sleep
the
amount of props I need to sleep when I travel is
Truly, I mean it's truly toddler level. It's like we need I need I need the log pillow. I need my wrist
brace for my carpal tunnel syndrome, I need my
special
Eyemask that has the headphones built into it. So I whoa, whoa everyone back off. He's married. No, no, no, no. No, right. I
Can't believe that the fact that there is no
sort of like well-known my bim bam mythos about your log pillow, which is a
What a bean filled?
Micra what do you call that micro fill like a it's like a beanbag being filled with Justin's for him and then
he carries it like but like draped over a
Usually a strap of his backpack turning it into the brawniest
Nutsack that you have ever seen and he walks through the air every airport like that
And there's kids around and they then they seen it. Yeah, I mean, yeah
What do you want me to say here?
Um, you introduced this topic by the way, we didn't make you bring up the log pillow you brought a bill
Yeah, I mean I have probs. I'm just saying I have props and if I don't have my can't sleep
I've tried other things I've in in hotel rooms. I've gotten desperate and wadded up towels into kind of a long shape
We've all been there. We've all been there wadded up a hoodie, you know to try to make it no
It's not just bedroom prop when I'm away from my favorite toilet
My toilet buddy that I know like I know yeah, I know how he works
I know I know where I know where I like to look for the tough moments
You know what?
I mean, like I know the point on the wall that I'm making eye contact with but I'm struggling like I know
You know where you've etched your Vince Lombardi quotes
I was getting tough. I know exactly and I know where the tally marks are for every successful completion
You know what I mean? Yeah, by the way, I was at your house the other day and there's only six
Yeah, man. Why do you think I need so many motivational quotes?
It's tough out there. I don't eat fiber. Yeah
I just eat cheese
Yeah, get a good night's sleep with someone else's house
There is a certain point of like there's a reason why I think maybe oh I have a rectangle pillow. Yes
Well, yeah, yeah cube. Oh
Wait, what? Yeah, it's a pillow cube and I can't sleep without that either. It's a cube shaped pillow. Where does it go?
Where does the cube go?
Well
Supporting this beautiful thinker right here. Okay, right underneath the old knock. Yeah, let's go
I yeah, I've searched high and low. Do you know how many pillows?
I've I've had to shove down on my garbage disposal because they didn't give my head the support it crave
Like as a punishment what like as a punishment for them disappointing. I mean, it's a sack. It's a sacrifice
Oh, I see. Yeah, I see but I think that I can't remember the last time
Like I think 24 was maybe the last time I slept at a friend's house
Because I was too drunk to drive so I simply slept on his couch
But it was not like a planned thing where I looked at my friend Bradbury and said and I'll bring my jammies
Like I just don't and I think the reason is not like oh, it's weird to sleep at a friend's house when you get older
It's like oh no, this isn't like fun to get away from my parents and my house. This is like, oh no
Everything I know is back there. That's where I'm truly me and I can take off this mask that I wear for others
Hey, can we approach the wizard? Yeah. Yeah. I like that. Thank you. The other
Was close. He's bitey the other wizard Ben can't sent this in. Thank you, Ben. Um, this is a this is one
That's again very useful
For me is a sort of like Gen Z
Yeah, like yeah, I live on I live and die on like emo emojis and texts not me. I'm a boomer
I don't get that stuff. Yeah. Yeah, so me and my Gen Z friends are gonna love this one. We're gonna bust up super hard
It's not so I thought it was just gins gins me and the felt me and my fellow gins
Are gonna love 13 clever ways to respond to what's up, or what's up? Thank you. Ah
That age-old question
It's not
It is as old as time itself. What's up?
You might was up you might have heard it thrown around so often that it's hard to come up with a fresh and creative answer
Yes in 1999
Uh, don't worry though. We've got you covered with tons of examples that show how to have some fun with this common question
Read on and try them out to respond to wassup in a way that will breathe new life into your conversation
Hey, have you talked to mark lately? Yeah, it's good. It's good to talk to him now. It feels
Revitalizing yeah, just the way that his mind works. It really excites me
Well his responses to my mundane inane questions are a breath of fresh air and this otherwise empty landscape on which I live
So here's one way to respond to wassup of 13 after seeing you my mood
Anyone?
Compliment anyone who could use an extra boost of confidence
This is a great reply for everyone in your life from a friend to acquaintance
It's an especially effective answer if the person is shy or isn't used to the attention
Fuck here's some more examples in this vein now that you're talking to me my happiness now
It's that's weirder though because now that's starting to trend into the way an alien would say it
After this conversation that we had with our mouths
My endorphins like oh no. No, hold on
With you in the room my energy level after after learning you went to Spain my curiosity
Is up another way
Someone hits you with a wassup you hit him with a I don't have any complaints
Stay upbeat if you want to charm a stranger with your optimism
If you want to build rapport with someone or leave them in a with a wonderful first impression be really cheerful and smile other options
I'm a happy camper life's been treating me really well. That's a serious darkness. There's a darkness behind those no complaints here
I mean everything's looking up. I've made a lot of progress lately with what?
Mm-hmm. Hey, I think we live in a time a current
I won't go deep into it folks, but if you have no complaints, that's no complaints
If you can say nothing but good news on my end. I'm very grateful. All right, asshole. Yeah should be there is
Objectively bad news out there and you saying that it doesn't impact you at all is is is
Monstrous, and I hey listen, there's enough bad news to go around. It doesn't matter what side of any issue you're on
Nobody's got it all good right now. How about this wassup?
Hopefully not my rent get creative at a party and point out what you don't want to go up
Hopefully not my dick while people are around that would be inappropriate
Not the time for that. It better not be my cholesterol levels. I've been eating healthy dot-dot-dot not my student loans
I just have to keep making my payments with any luck not my grocery bill. I'm not buying name-brands anymore
I would turn heel and walk
Out of there would be gone from my yeah awareness
In a perfect world my salary make your bestie laugh with a sassy response
That's that is sassy. Yeah, I say that's sassy
Okay, you know what actually on that one if I walked up to my best friend Hank Mardukas and I said what's up?
And he said hopefully my salary I would high-five him three times for sure
That's sassy and fun solid response. And this is the obligatory. What's up? If life was fair my grades
My energy grades up. Yeah
My energy levels if I had my way a lot of concern about my energy about my fate on now
I want to go back though because I like if life was fair
my grace because that one means is like I'm putting in the fucking work and
Mr. Fucking Johnson is being a real asshole cuz I did that assignment
He knows I did and yet he's still giving me a see life's not fair me. My atheist teacher gave me an F
It's because I love our troops so much
How
Much what's up? How much time do you have do this one? No, don't do that one
Can you sticker it does say play around with anyone easy to fool like an unsuspecting relative. So it's like
Punk them by hinting at some deep
Trouble in your life that you do need assistance with can you stick around for a bit?
I'll need at least 20 minutes. How long is your attention span? I'm in the mood to overshare. Okay
Let me tell you my life story. Just joking Wow. Hey any one of those
I actually would appreciate it because it would be shorthand for like, oh, okay. I don't want to know you
I don't want to talk to you. I'm gonna overshare. Oh, thank you for the warning. I'll be over here at the Cheeto Bowl
I love it. Some of you know like I've asked you not to be like this
Yeah, we we incur we encounter each other in social situations. I've asked you not to be like this
I think it's also not oversharing. I asked you how you are and I it's I guess it depends on if you're like
What's up, man? And he's like
Or if you're just like hey, what's up with you? And he's like I want to overshare. I'm like, yeah, I I did just ask
Like I would up with you. I would take literally any response
Other than this one number six on the list. What's up our time on earth? So let's make the most of it. What?
Oh, no, shake things up and motivate whoever is talking to you if they're on autopilot and asking a basic question
See if you can inspire them and tell them to live every moment. Like it's their last don't what's up?
Our chances to waste another moment. Let's go
Now that one though is confusing verbiage. What's up? Our chances to wait. Sorry
Run out of chances. Some of us are out here barely coping with existential dread as it is
Well, yeah, I see you at a party and I say what's up and you're like art
I'm in a spiral now. Thank you actually true either. It's like we're both here like what are you talking about?
What do you know that what do you know Matt Damon in that?
Kevin Smith movie and you're like your time is up on earth. Yeah, that's cool. Yeah
Matt Damon gets a gun out. It's like fuck. Do you guys remember the Bitcoin commercial where he was like?
Get bitcoins and he pulled out two guns and I was like, whoa, I was like, are you gonna hurt me?
And he was like, no, you can just look cool. Like me Jason Bourne. These are my new bitcoins. They're guns
I need to test them the real quick. You guys gotta let me know if this works. Okay. Okay, can you let me know?
This works. Yeah
Yeah, I remember him yeah, I like I liked him from
Yeah, you have to comment on it in order for it to be fair you
Hold on wait Travis. You can't talk over that. What was it? Go ahead juice. You'll get a taco bear. Oh, yeah
What sound what are you on? Is it just like classic?
Okay, yeah, these are some of the most sort of like low quality
Little bit right. Do you have the Dell guy? He's funny. What do you have the Dell guy? It's got to be in there
Now that's Intel Intel. Yeah, that's not it. Okay, so there's a lot more of these what's up? Who paid you to ask me?
Feel like you're not dialed anymore
I'm back. I'm back. I'm back pretend to be suspicious to put on a show for your friends have the secret agents found me
What have you told them? Hey, that's not cool of you to ask
You know, I'm on the run. I'm not sure how to answer that. Do you have a wire on you? Oh my that's a good one
If someone asked me in a party what's up and I say why are you asking are you wearing a wire?
That is a good way to like kid on the square to gauge of your friends an arc. Yeah
As somebody who has trouble with social situations
Yeah, especially like these sort of conversational things
I think it should be illegal for the internet to publish a list of memorizable responses
Yeah to
Banal questions because that's not that's not right
Like I know I know that is memorizing answers that are supposed to be witty. That's not good
You don't want to do that
This list should be one thing long and it should be not much you not much that is okay
I'll go ahead and spoil number 13 is not much you which is I think the only acceptable way
That's the only one it should be. How's your day? Great you what's up? Not much you. Hey, how's your weekend?
Pretty good. It should like three words max should be your response to a thing. I I don't want a monologue
I'm a human being who's bad at small talk and I had to say something because we locked eyes and we're sharing a physical space
Right. So I said hey, what's up? That's you know
Sorry, the conceit of this bit is that it's not that rarely the things that the wizard sends us are good
Yes, but now it's a thing where I'm imagining myself actually being in my physical meat body and someone saying one of these things
To me and having to like roll out of the room as quickly as possible
Maybe you can maybe this will be better for you guys not me because like I'm a
Good like cool confident popular. Yeah. Yeah guys, but like if someone says what's up
You could say when you ask that question my anxiety levels. Yeah. Oh, that's okay. Can I say?
There is a delivery you can put on that or it would work. I think that one that one I could
Yeah, that could work. Yeah, don't now that you have asked me such a banal question. My anxiety currently
Is up now and then if you really want it, I don't know that these three they escalate it with each additional one under this suggestion
With my blood pressure. What a loaded question moving on
No, not at all yikes
Yikes my discomfort. That's way too hard to answer. What's up? Oh, I didn't expect the test
Oh, okay. What if someone said what's up? And you just look like yikes
Whoa, that would be a good way of answer
Much when I go shopping and I'm buying a bunch of groceries and the checkout person says oh playing on a fun weekend
Cuz maybe there's like two bottles of wine in there. I think a good response now is like well not now
Now I'm gonna be thinking about this moment for the rest of the weekend because I'm worried about too many
I don't know hot dogs wrapped in pastry or whatever
No, you ever analyze whenever you buy like like I get my I get my my looker at CVS
Yeah, and like a glassy jet. Yeah, I end up a lot of times getting like
liquor and toilet paper or liquor and
Hemorrhoid cream it's like yeah, these two it is gonna be a pretty wild weekend
It's gonna get pretty silly, but then I'm gonna bring it down and think about motivational quotes from Vince Lombardi
I got this Gatorade. I'll play it out cuz I your boys bad with with moderation. Yeah, where do you keep the PD light too?
Bad with moderation good with preparation, so I went ahead and got me some
Preparation age some raw. Hey, can I get sexy real quick? Yeah. Yeah. Thanks
What's up? My hopes because you swiped right on me. Oh, no right the good one or which one is the good one?
I will never know with enough confidence
Yeah, you could also if you want to keep being really flirty and spark up a romance with a new crush
You can say my heart rate now that you're giving me the time of day my level of attraction your IG hypnotized me
What's up? What's up? Imagine?
Imagine I can't traction is up
See my lady
Humans I want to say that my attraction is up to you
I'm definitely not a lizard that has gained access to a keyboard
What's up? My pulse your pics and your bio are so spellbinding
These are texts these are text mess. We're texting now. We're yeah, we're texting now. We've been texting and then there's some asshole
Responses the next two subjects are all asshole
Um, what's up? The opposite of down nice a two-letter preposition. You're welcome for the grammar lesson. Not that
Honestly go just fall in a well, what's up a super cute movie that made me cry check it out
Thank you that that would be good. I don't know that I would respond
I don't I don't think I would call up a cute movie. What's up? Come on, you know that the sky
Um, what are you getting part birds planes and on a good day UFOs?
Is that a good day when they finally do?
Get tired of tolerating us and they come and they zap
You know, they zap us into dust with their big tripod ships probably I think you could do
There could be a sincere delivery of come on, you know this you can do this. You got this. I believe in you
What's up
I'm not gonna do the rest. But the last one is
Not much
nothing not much just that's the only correct answer to that question because it's
All they're looking for if they really wanted some detail about how you found their picks and bio spellbinding
They would have said like what what do you think? What is it about me that spellbinding? Yeah
exactly
Just a keen play the beer joke again
what
What the joke the beers the beer the beer joke from the commercial? Oh
It's too late now. No all the moment is past
Yeah, well dad
You're my dad
And I love you man
That one that one
Wow, what was that? I love I love you, man. That was not as big of a hit back in the day
I'm out a little bit. I'm out in the boneyard a little yeah, I went to the bathroom
At a local grocery store and I was about to leave my stall and someone came in crying and started to give themselves a pep
Talk in the mirror. I don't know if they know I'm with me
But I would like to leave is it acceptable to go wash my hands next to them as they have their moment
That was from bathroom boohoo, buddy
Are you an older person
Who can provide a sort of sagacious?
Little little little bit a little monologue for them
Yeah
Or an older person that could pretend you're them from the future who just came back to tell him that everything is gonna work out
Just fine. Yeah, that one might be tough depending on like
If you look nothing like them at all at all, I don't know what what the future holds driven
Yeah, maybe carry around like a cyber mask with you everywhere you go and that's great. You're in the stall
You're in the bathroom and you hear somebody crying out in the sink area the hand-washing zone
And you're like, okay
Hold on and you pull on the sort of like lycra suit and cyber mask and then you walk out of the stall like
It helps if you have some like DJ equipment with you
Yeah
I got some a machine and a light show and you can be like contain your moisture
Ever and they're like whoa what and you're like, yeah, I'm you from the future. I'm a robot cyber DJ
I guess if this is the case you don't have to be an older person. Yeah, anyone could do that
Anyone could be that with a little forethought anyone can do that and you could say like I am you from the future
I do look younger than you but that's because that's time dilation. So good. So that and that's Einstein said that I
I feel like if I went out there when they're in the middle of their of their
Challenging episode that might be a little too disorienting cuz like imagine if one of your favorite podcasters just appeared out of nowhere
Justin McElroy is in this bathroom and I'd be like
Guilty as charged. Well, that's how can you say?
Well, your friends paid for what we're calling a real-life cameo and so I I'm here waiting for you to come in
So I could tell you hey, man, everything's gonna be okay, and make sure to check out trolls world tour
Residuals on that one baby, you guys would not believe do you buy that on we're gonna need you to buy a physical copy
But I know that that's not cool these days, but they have them here at the store
I just saw a big display of them by the front. Hey real-life sidebar
if I
had known
That when you do parts in a movie, they keep sending you money for no reason
Yeah, I would have tried to be in movies long ago
We're not putting in a hot tub with this
This is a very small bit of money, but it does come for no reason for no reason
And it's just a little surprise letter from our friends at DreamWorks. Hey guys, here's 20 bucks. Thanks Wow 20
Love that if I was getting $20 checks from trolls world tour, I'd be I'd be a happy young guy
If you went to babysit and on top of the money, they were paying you a babysit
They said here's some money to order a pizza if you want and you're like
Well, hey, and we'll keep sending you pizza money every few months for no reason for the rest of your life
It's the closest I've come to that feeling of completing the the paper from book it to get a free personal
In my adult life, that's what residuals are
But I know I'm not sure I understood that reference which makes me think that none of our list pizza
Hot book it you pizza help book it you read enough books or get good grades or something you get free pizza free personal pan pizzas
I think it's a real nice moment for human connection. Some of the times I've had in my life that I felt like you know
The hand of any sort of like divine forces or whatever is when I've been there when somebody else is upset
That's great because it doesn't have to be about you for a little bit. You can chill your own problems
Be like hey, let's talk. Let's talk through it. If you feel like it. If not, I'm gonna wash my hands. I'm gonna leave
But right now I'm open book baby. Let's go through it. I'm a stranger who better?
Yeah
This is actually one of those rare times where pretending like it's not happening is what makes it awkward
Like if you just walk out and like eyes forward wash your hands and dry your hands eyes forward and walk out silently
Yeah, now whatever rough time that person's going through they are both embarrassed and isolated where if you come out and like hey
You know you got this or it gets better or whatever and then walk out made it or we all
Agree that being there for someone in their time of need is a very good feeling
So whatever they're giving you from out there in sync zone you walk out of that stall
And you take it you take it up a level escalate
Your life is worse if they're well, you don't have to say that obviously that's not the right thing to do
but if they're giving you like
You come at them with like
Like and you're way more
And then they look at you and they're like wow
Wow, it could be a lot worse. What's going on with you? And then you're gonna have to lie
I'm you know say like, you know, I I just watched up on my phone on the toilet
You could also just walk out covered in blood since they're like, oh no not again
And now you've distracted them from what I've been on such short notice though. Well with a little bit of preparation
It's right there with your in your bag next to your DJ equipment and your cyber helmet. You're coming out on top
What does this situation call for? What are they crying about? Oh, they got fired. Mm-hmm
Is that a blood situation or I'm you from the future?
Oh, you also rip a big one and that's that's a bathroom joke that like everyone really yeah
Griffin I actually think that may be the best advice is if you just like
Simulate a gigantic beaver. There is no time that I've ever heard that in my life that I have not busted up
A hundred. Yeah, I was in the Buc-ee's restroom with Henry helping him do his thing when someone made a break
Someone someone made a rude noise in an adjacent stall and Henry just started laughing
Yeah, and I had to look at him and be like you can't do that. This is a special place
This is a special place where you do that without judgment from five-year-olds
It's the closest the everyday person gets diplomatic immunity. Yeah
Please but I think if you do it when someone's crying they know it's like for their benefit and they'll be like, thank you
So that should work too. A lot of great stuff you can do in the bathroom. It's a funny room
Yeah, we don't talk about this enough. Why don't more people make bathroom jokes? I don't know
Let's take a quick break and then we'll come back with lots more content it to the money zone
Okay, I guess the money zone is content right? Yeah, it's all content baby. It's all content. This is content
Listen, they're paying by the minute. That's all I know
What's to say about
Squarespace that hasn't been said before
Huh? Does anyone know? I mean nothing but they are continuing to pay us to say the same things
Again, so let's respect that. Did you guys know you might not know this
But there are people out there who don't have websites
Yeah, what? Yeah. Can you imagine? Yes, right? What? Okay
But I'm trying to make it like I'm like what why would you cuz Squarespace helps you build your own website where you can like
Showcase, you know your work or like sell things or like blog and publish content all that stuff and some people
Don't do that
Yeah, why what are they afraid of right? Are they afraid of cyber ghosts? Of course, of course
We all are but good news and Squarespace doesn't want me to tell you this but all their stuff is blessed by cyber priests
cyber ghost free
100% guaranteed or your money back
Yeah, I said it. I said it and then are you gonna say any of the other things that they want us to say?
No, add copy. Are you just gonna talk mostly about sort of cyber priests?
No, listen
Everybody knows about all their cool stuff right member areas where you can unlock a new revenue stream for your business and free up time
And you get you all by selling access to gated content like video tutorials and online courses or like sell your products
Or like, you know, you can sell physical or digital but all that stuff right but the main worry
Yeah, cyber ghosts. I do think I'm not a hundred percent sure that
ghosts are
the
Main sort of prey for priests. I have always cyber race
Yeah, cyber priests. I think that I feel like like demons and imps are there a more their thing?
But like if you have a ghost in your house, typically you don't
That's not like priest
You're showing your whole ass on this one. Of course cyber ghost is a wide branching like turn umbrella
Right, it covers stuff like cyber demons and cyber imps and cyber devils
And I've warned you multiple times about opening the door to allow Travis to enrich his own mythology
Like, you know, you know what you've done
And so it's just a shorthand to say cyber ghosts and you know
What the fuck the square in the space is a box. They put the ghosts into yes
Now don't open that cyber box. If you don't cyber box shit. Listen, it's a big Twinkie. We all know that right?
It's a big Twinkie
Do not fucking open that cyber box or it's gonna get all over the internet and we're gonna have to deal with that
We're gonna have to deal with that the three of us
So that's square I clicked away from the ad copy. So go to square space.com. I've been reading it so diligently
Illegitimately so far. Go to squarespace.com. Your laser-like focus hovered. It wavered for one second or in hell. The ghosts they're getting to me
Go to squarespace.com. Let me see where it was. Cyber ghosts, cyber demons, cyber imps, cyber devils. Don't open the box, big Twinkie.
We'll have to deal with that the three of us. Here it is
Okay, go to squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial when you're ready to launch use offer code my brother all one word to save
10% off your first purchase of a website or domain
Squarespace free of ghosts since
2019
Do you have werewolves problems?
Is that a problem with werewolves or a problem werewolves have?
Every time you go out to eat with your family and kids do werewolves come to try to eat your family and kids?
well good news door dash is here and they aren't scared of
Monsters and they will bring food to right to your house from the restaurants you yeah
What precautions are they taking to make sure my food makes it to be unmolested by werewolves?
they have
silver katanas
Every Dasher has a silver katana. Are they trained? No
Oh, no
But they I mean they're good
The katana industry doesn't want you to know you're actually more likely to be killed by katana in your home, right?
That's what they don't tell you
But they you know, the hit rate is pretty good
yeah, but hey summers in full swing and the celebration begins during the summer of dash pass by door dash with
weekly members only offers and new items released every week you can shine bright and feel cool all season long as
skate grinders
Grind the virtual rails right to your door katana in hand and also a bag of medicine from
They were listening to the first half of that. I'm wondering how you're gonna yeah, we got it
They got zero delivery fees exclusive items and more than 25,000 members only offers
Nationwide dash pass by door dash has everything you need to make your summer memorable
We have a quick question. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I was about to sort of like yeah a personal test
Yeah, they know you're right Travis. Whatever you're about to say is more important than the personal testimony
I was about to deliver for the company that has paid us money to deliver such a personal testimony
What happens podcast go ahead Travis with your question?
What happens if the door dasher fails to fend off the werewolf the werewolf kills the door shot and then appears at my home?
Yeah, tending to be the door dasher. What do I well, let me say first of all the stuff still gets to my house
That's door. Dash. They will always deliver even if they have been horrifically mauled by a werewolf. Yeah
Um, it's personally if I might give a personal testimony. It's why I like to leave it at the door option
Yeah, even if it is a werewolf. I'm like, okay, just leave it there
Okay, I'll get it when you drive away or you know leap over the fence and run off howling into the night
And he's like, are you sure?
Yeah, just leave it there. Please. I got dogs and I don't want to open the door and coven concern
Okay, so my testimony it's good. It's good door dash is good and I use it all of the time for
All of my my kitchen is packed up now door. Dash has been bringing me to delicious Austin treats
basically every night for the past few nights and I I do appreciate it give 50% off your first order up to a
$15 value use promo code my bim bam at checkout when you spend $12 or more
That's 50% off your first order up to a $15 value when you sign up for door dash during summer of dash pass using promo
Code my bim bam again. That's code MB MB a M for 50% off your first order dash pass benefits
Only on eligible orders that meet the minimum subtotal terms apply
Door dash where food their food. I don't think that's what about where I don't hear food
I don't think that's gonna make it in the episode
Damn it in the briefest time
I feel like we got to know each other, bro. I appreciate you so much for that
Do you read minds or what? It's really a very sacred space. You've created here
Bullseye interviews with creators you love and creators you need to know from maximum fun org
NPR
Hey did grad school ruin your reading habits
Oh my god
All those books you had to read for grad school to becoming a parent
Destroy your ability to focus on a book did the pandemic tank the number of novels you can get through in a year
Oh that happened to everyone and we're reading glasses and we're here to help
We'll get you out of a book slump dismantle all that weird reader guilt
Which we know you have a lot of but most importantly will help you fall back in love with reading reading glasses
every Thursday on maximum fun
I want to Munch Squad!
Welcome to Munch Squad's podcast is a podcast profiling the latest Garry's brand eating.
KFC released finger sporks, and I'm not going to talk about it.
Please? Will you please at least tell me what it is?
It's a spork goes in your finger to encourage you to make all their food finger looking good.
Now you can eat your corn with the finger spork.
Does this does the spork?
I don't want to talk about it anymore.
No, no, but I do want to talk about it.
So does the spoon come up from the finger or do you like where do you scoop?
You wear it on your finger.
Right, but are you talking about?
You can wear it either way, Griffin.
It's not, I don't, I can't imagine that it's like an intricate mounting process.
Can I put on five finger sporks and then just pick up my potatoes like that and just go blop blop blop blop blop.
Yep.
Okay, cool.
It's all good stuff.
It's all good.
It's like, you know, just like finger looking.
It's just if you didn't want to talk about it, I don't know why you would.
I'm just telling you that because I'm tired of people trying to bait me.
Yeah, if he's like, like anybody could do a hilarious run about that.
But you know what I mean?
Like we just did like three of them.
We just did great.
And I'm really torn though between these two stories because one's wilder, but what?
Okay, we're going to talk about Subway.
Subway has launched its most significant menu change in 57 years.
Okay.
It's the Subway series.
Okay.
Doesn't sound that significant yet.
Okay, so here's what they've done.
Have they made their shops not stink like the worst stink you ever did?
Are they done ruining combination gas stations and Subways?
It's the biggest menu update in the entire history of the franchise.
It tested hundreds of recipes to come up with the Subway series.
12 new signature sandwiches that can be ordered by name or by number.
Wow.
It's a whole new way to Subway.
Yeah, they're stealing it from Jimmy John's 10 years ago.
Listen, this is going to absolutely freak you out,
but you can now walk into a Subway and say the name of a sandwich
and they'll just give it to you.
No problem.
How did it work before?
Before you had to be like,
okay, so take some yeast and sugar and flour and mix it up and then wait.
I don't know.
But now, you know how you've left a Subway feeling like you just did long form algebra?
You're like, why was that so tough?
Why did they make it so hard?
Why did I have to make eye contact with the person
as their hand hovered over the vegetables and I said, no, no.
Now you can just say, give me the boss.
Yeah, I can just throw myself through the front window of the Subway
and tuck and roll and just yell, eight.
Give me the great garlic.
They say here, the series lineup isn't a swap in ordering options.
Customers can still walk the line and customize their own choices.
Hell yeah.
So in case you were worried that they would say no,
you have to have lettuce or you'll go to jail.
Don't worry, you still can get it without lice.
In tests, the brand found the series to be easier for guests and employees.
No.
This is a quote.
In fact, in Fort Myers, after just a few weeks,
the franchisee reported guests are coming in and ordering the Subway series by number
or asking the great garlic by name.
Imagine after just a few weeks, people relented to this new Subway system
and said, fine, I'll just have a great garlic and I won't try to make it my way.
I just want to say, as I worked at a Jimmy John's where this is the system,
you have the numbers and you have the names.
What you are now doing is requiring, let's just say it,
like underpaid, everybody in this country is underpaid at this point,
underpaid sandwich makers, like having to memorize,
artists, thank you, memorize, and hey, thank you, artists.
And you know what you're doing?
You're making it sandwich by number.
You're taking away the artistry and you're saying you have to memorize the name
so that when I say like, give me, I don't know, the big meaty boy,
and they're like, oh, what's on that?
The boss.
That's what you meant to say.
Sure.
Give me the boss.
I don't think I'm going to go into Subway and order the Mexicali.
I don't think I will.
I don't think I'll do that.
I think I'll just order whatever I feel like.
And then if you want to put a label on it, you go for it.
You call it the Subway.
You go for it. You call it the Justin if you need to.
Well, I just know if I commissioned something from an artist,
I just say like, I want a landscape, right?
And I let them do it.
I'm not going to say like, hey, this is what I want it to look like exactly, right?
Then that's not art.
Yeah, I'm not the artist.
You are.
You're the artist.
As long as it looks like a car just drove over it,
then it's the Subway sandwich that I know and love.
Here's a revolution.
Here's what you do Subway.
I'm going to fill out a questionnaire that has nothing to do with sandwich toppings.
Then the artist is going to read through that and get a vibe from me personally.
You'll be like, oh, Travis likes a cool fall day.
I know exactly what kind of sandwich he wants.
Surprise me.
Like a mixologist.
Surprise me.
A simple hundred question questionnaire that I answer it
and then you give me the sandwich.
Filled out days in advance.
I'm going to come in on Thursday,
so I'm going to fill out this questionnaire on Monday to give you some time.
An incredibly inappropriately intrusive 100 question question.
Oh, yeah, it's very-
Why do you need to know my sexual history in order to make me a roast of beef?
I'm actually sorry, but I do need to-
It's been too long since I've done a Munch Squad
and I need to tell you about this other one too.
It's Hardee's and it is maybe-
This may be the worst, laziest, terrible promotion I've ever heard of in my life.
Hardee's is partnering with NASCAR legend Richard Petty
to promote Chicken Platform.
What?
To promote Chicken Platform.
To promote Chicken Platform.
Hardee's is collaborating with one of the hottest drivers in history.
Sexy as fuck.
Let me see that.
Fucking sexy ass Richard Petty.
Let me check out old Dick Petty.
One of his most popular menu offerings, the hand-breaded Chicken Platform.
That can't be the name of it.
This month, NASCAR Hall of Famer seven-time NASCAR champion.
Come on, say it with me, guys.
You know it.
Seven-time Daytona 500 winner and devoted Hardee's fan.
Richard Petty will be in his home state of North Carolina
to give consumers the bird surprising restaurant goers
with hand-breaded chicken sandwiches.
What is Chicken Platform?
Oh, is it Chicken Platform?
You know, hand-breaded Chicken Platform?
No, but-
It's the idea of hand-breaded chicken sandwiches, I think.
Okay.
So like a platform, like a political platform or like some planks of wood?
It's actually closer to that than you would think, Trav.
Yeah.
I think Hardee, Hardee, where's my, where's my Dick Petty?
Hardee's has always had a special place in my heart
because it feels like a bite of home.
Vroom, vroom.
This seems like an apropos moment to reveal I live in a Hardee's now.
I live in a giant chicken like that James fellow except it's out of a beach, you see.
I live in an assisted living Hardee's.
Vroom, vroom.
They help me with my dressings and some of my various household tasks
and they keep me absolutely slathered in hand-breaded chicken platform.
I'm pretty sure that Hardee's could be more accurately qualified
as a sort of hospice facility.
Ha-spice.
I have been a true fan of Hardee's,
not like some of these fake Hardee's girls you'll hear about.
Oh, you like Hardee's, huh?
Name four Hardee's members in the chicken platform.
Teaming up to celebrate this delicious hand-breaded chicken sandwich is a real treat for me.
Plus, I'm looking forward to joining Hardee's.
I'm in giving the bird a whole new meaning and surprising some deserving fans here in
North Carolina this summer.
Plus, they said I could have a free sandwich.
Petty is popping up at a Hardee's location in the Charlotte, North Carolina area.
There can't be more than 30 to give eligible guests a surprise hand delivery.
What makes you ineligible to get Richard Petty to hand deliver you a sandwich?
Oh, I don't eat chicken.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, fuck.
Okay, my bad.
Well, the hand-breaded chicken platform launched last summer in the midst of the chicken wars
and featured that which the fact that they're using the past tense means that there was
an armistice declared that I am not familiar with.
As far as I know, these wars are still raging out there.
This summer, these three craveable builds are back in the spotlight and are the ultimate
cluck bait.
Nope.
The ultimate what?
The ultimate cluck bait, cluck bait.
What is it?
It's like click bait?
No, it's like cuck bait.
I don't think that's it, Justin.
I think Travis might actually be right on this one.
Each big juicy and crispy piece of 100 premium white meat chicken is hand-breaded, on-site,
and now comes with a very small percentage chance that Richard Petty will give it to you, I guess.
It's just, Richard Petty has been a fan favorite for years and has always brought that extra
flavor to the track like no one else can, just like our hand-breaded chicken.
You know.
What?
It brings extra flavor to the track.
I've lost my way.
I know I kind of rambled on there at the end, but you basically get what I was going for.
But we really value the authenticity of this partnership because Petty is an organic fan.
Yeah, not like some Bieber's.
Not like.
It's just, what they're saying to you now is, this announcement is that if you order
the chicken sandwich platform through the app or the drive-thru, maybe Richard Petty
will give it to you.
Oh, guys.
Which is not a chance that I'd allow for yet, but I guess I do always kind of assume that
maybe Richard Petty will hand my food to me.
Wouldn't that be an amazing turn though if this time Richard Petty is helping the person
in the vehicle.
He's your chicken pit crew.
This time, he's never been on that side before.
He's always been the one in, because I assume now part of the pit crew duties for Richard
Petty was handing him a chicken sandwich from Hardee's every time he stopped in every race.
I think that Hardee's is trying to throw shade at the KFC Jack Harlow collab by saying,
oh, it's not real shit.
Like, what us and Dick have is real.
This is real.
He's a real American.
I feel like this is a bad campaign because the very last thing that I want is to be at
a chicken platform restaurant and order some food and then a celebrity that I do not know
who it is, hands it to me and gives me a knowing smile like, vroom, vroom, order up.
And I'll be like, thank you, mustache.
Thank you, mustache gentleman.
Thank you, 85-year-old Hardee's employee.
Very much appreciate.
I like your hat.
I didn't know that that was-
I like your hat too.
What's your name?
Let me check out your name tag, as I always do because I'm a father of two.
Richard, thank you very much.
Richard, I appreciate you.
Because my brain would, honest to God, kick into.
He's looking at me pretty hard.
Does he listen to my brother, my brother and me?
This is, when they say eligible guests, I think they are talking about like checking
the date on your driver's license because Richard Petty has, I looked it up real quick.
He is an 85-year-old man that has not driven professionally for 30 years.
His last ride, it was in 1992 professionally.
The Wikipedia says he was in his twilight years as of 1980.
Like you have to, as they're coming through, like, and one other question, no reason,
but do you know who Richard Petty is?
Okay, go on in, go on in.
Go on in.
Yeah.
On site though, do you know Richard Petty?
If you saw this man, would you recognize him?
They hold up a picture, like a headshot.
He's standing back in the kitchen, just holding the bag, just like looking like,
do they know me?
No.
Oh, okay.
Listen, this is-
Hey, Richard, while you wait, if you could sweep up back there.
That would be great.
Our pop culture is increasingly stratified.
We have no monoculture to hold us together anymore.
I have the narrowest possible sliver of celebrity.
More people would know me as the guy who uploaded the berries and cream sound than
for my entire professional career.
You would have to like bring in the people that it would be exciting for me.
There's like 30 people that would be excited at a Hardee's to have me behind
the drive-through.
Yeah.
I'm not against that though.
If somebody wants to fly some people out to be excited by the three of us handing them
a sandwich, yeah, I'd do it.
Hardee Hardee's with the McElroy brothers, and you can have that, Hardee's.
You can use that.
That's for free.
I mean, it will, I mean-
No, I want to get paid.
Wipe like six figures, but yeah, sure.
The idea is free.
The execution will be quite expensive.
Hey, Justin, will you read this third question real quick?
Because I think that we can nail it down really fast.
Oh, okay, sure.
I collect VHS tapes.
Not too long ago, I acquired a big bad Beatleburg's VHS tape that did not have a case.
Needless to say, I rushed home to watch the tape, but when it started, it had a message
that ran across the top of the screen saying that it was a preview copy.
And if I purchase this tape, I need to call the number on the screen to report it to Fox
Video.
My question is, am I good?
Do I need to report this?
Has too much time passed?
If I do report it, will they take this tape from me?
That's for mystified in Mississippi.
You can't report it.
In fact, you should, you need to hide it.
Yeah, that's contraband.
They won't take the tape from you.
They will take you from your home.
And you will not be seen again.
You know too much.
You know the uncorrected big bad Beatleburg's episodes.
Like before they edited out all the racy stuff.
Like you can't be allowed to say the song.
And by racy, you mean racist because the genie character was way more explicitly
problematic and challenging in the original cut.
And also, can I just say, now you've implicated us in this.
You put us at risk.
And now we're going to have to go on tour just until the heat dies down at this point.
Where should we go, Trav?
Oh, that's such a good question.
I was thinking maybe like Salt Lake City.
They'll never look for us there.
And then to Portland.
And then we can blend in with people.
I'm as surprised to find us there as anybody.
I'm as surprised to find us there as anyone.
San Diego Comic Con will be a good place to blend in.
We'll do some Deadpool cosplay.
No one will ever find us.
Unless you buy tickets at, you know, macro.family or you go to bit.ly slash McRoy Tours.
Then you might be able to find us at those places.
Salt Lake City is like, I guess, the only place they could really nab us
because that's the only show that's not sold out.
Thank you, Portland and San Diego.
We're back, baby.
Yay. November.
We're also going to be in my new hometown of Washington, D.C., Detroit, and Cincinnati.
My hometown.
Justin, you got to move to Detroit real quick.
You can move back.
If you have questions-
They won't have me there.
Oh, yeah.
Not after the Star Wars thing.
Email us questions at nbmbam at maximumfun.org
with the city of the tour stop in the subject line
so we can build up those question lists.
You got to wear a mask and have proof of full vaccination
or a negative COVID test within 72 hours of the event.
Start, if you want, if you want to ride with me at these shows.
Yeah, no scrubs.
And a reminder, with Gryffindor moving,
we're going to have a couple of live episodes in a row there
while he gets settled in and can set up equipment and all that stuff.
Please understand.
Please, your understanding is needed, please.
Over at the merch store,
we got the Approach the Wizard shirt designed by Dina Wagner
and 10% of all merch proceeds this month
go to the Trans Youth Equality Foundation.
You can find all that stuff at mcrormerch.com
and pre-orders for Taz 11th Hour are now open.
It comes out February 21st, 2023.
Go to theadventurezonecomic.com to pre-order.
Thank you to Montaigne for the use for a theme song.
My life is better with you.
It's a track that will get that booty slapping.
Yeah, that's what I've heard.
It's also worth noting
we're going to be doing some panels and stuff
as well at San Diego Comic Con.
I know dad and I are doing one Sunday morning at 10 a.m.
all about influencing the next generation of nerds.
And it's gonna be with Bria Ingar
and B. Dave Walters and Johnny Stanton.
It's gonna be super fun and very, I don't know, good.
And you'll like it or else.
Fun and good.
Yeah, fun and good.
We'll tweet out those locations
and post the schedule and everything
so you can find us at all those
because we're doing a Taz panel too.
It's gonna be great.
We'll see you there.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
I've been working on my James Spader impression
and I would love to try it out if I could.
I mean, we can go Amp versus Amp, Spader versus Spader
and Justin can be in it.
Oh, that'd be great.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
One issue is I don't know who that is.
Oh, James Spader?
Yeah, so my impression will be based
largely off of whatever you do, Travis.
Okay, let me zoom in.
Wait, you don't know who James Spader is?
I know the name.
Is that Cyclops?
No, Boston Legal?
No, James Hay-
Okay, you're thinking of James Marsden.
Okay, this does get confusing.
Okay, let's talk about it real quick.
Okay.
James Marster's foot guy.
James Marsden, Sonic's friend.
And maybe potential foot guy.
We cannot confirm or deny.
James Harden, famously bearded basketball player.
It gets confusing.
James Spader, none of those three.
None of those.
Okay, this gives me a lot to go on.
Weird boss on The Office.
He was-
Don't tell me who it is.
Okay, that's the deal.
Either you take it or you leave it.
Then let me try it now.
Okay, okay.
I said, I'm the weird boss on this show.
I don't know which one.
And you're gonna listen to me now, James Spader.
Okay, now tell them I'm gonna put you on my blacklist.
I'm gonna put you-
Oh, is that who it is?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
God, I love blacklists.
Clearly.
Now, now, now I'm gonna put you on my blacklist.
You gotta-
You're like, you have Kareen in the Goldblum.
You're right, you're right, you're right.
It's surprisingly close.
Yeah.
Is it surprisingly close?
Yeah, there's a thin barrier between Spader and Goldblum.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
