The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media, Luminary Griffin McElroy.
Um, I have recently returned from a vacation, um, on which, uh, during which, yes, within which,
I listened to, uh, three different Hercule Poirot novels.
Mmm, now we- he is, of course, everyone's favorite-
Belgian.
Philos- Belgian philosopher.
Uh-huh.
I- I don't want to derail you, Travis, but being deeply into Poirot was sort of my thing.
No, no, no, Justin, I- don't get it twisted. I'm not about to claim that, but I have been
inspired by the Poirot novels and also, uh, Sherlock Holmes stories I've listened to.
I would like to- to bring back a word, um, in its original meaning.
Oh.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, let me hold my breath here just to kind of brace myself for Twitter.
I already said-
Okay, go ahead.
Ejaculated, um-
Let's put it right back, and then let's put it right back in its grave.
They use it a lot in the books to say, like, my God, I ejaculated, and-
Okay.
Um, I- I think that I would like to bring that back, so, like, if I was telling a story and I
said, like, I was walking down the street and I saw my friend, hey, Todd, I ejaculated.
Yeah, so-
Yeah, I love that.
This is not a critic podcast. We've never- we've never been critical of one thing this entire time
except juggling- the juggling arts, and I don't know that we possess the critical faculties
required to sort of dissect the original artist intent, and so if it's like Sherlock Holmes
shouted, get back here with my- with my soup, Dr. Watson, he ejaculated.
How are we to know that he wasn't coming while he was, like,
trying to get his soup back from that squirrely Dr. Watson?
I leaned out the window. I ejaculated. Get back here.
Yeah, maybe it was Sherlock Holmes is just nasty just blasting one out the windows of 221B Baker
Street. Maybe it's to say.
I would like you both to try. Maybe tell a story and try to use it within the story.
Okay.
Okay.
Do you have one, Griffin? You're a starter.
Yeah, sure. Watch this really hot stuff, and then you heard, I ejaculated. I ejaculated.
That's pretty good.
That was really good. Okay, here's my story.
One day, my dumb middle brother tried to make ejaculated a thing.
Several days before that, I was at Margaritaville.
See, this is what I thought- this is what I wanted the introduction to be.
I thought we were going to have a deep Margaritaville exploration.
Work it in naturally. Work it in.
No, I did- I already worked it in.
Just ejaculate it right into the podcast.
Right. My brother tried to make the word ejaculated come back.
Come back. Nice.
It's a comeback.
God. God, we're all dads. We're all adults.
I want to talk about Margaritaville, but I do want to say another weird quirk of language
in Agatha Christie books is that she will often say a minute or two when I have to assume she
means a moment or two because there's a lot of instances of people being like,
so, uh, in any way, Poro, that's how my dad died.
And it said, and Poro pause for a minute or two and then reply.
That would be so fucking crazy to think about Poro just like,
barreling them for two minutes straight.
Just like, uh huh.
So he's the character, not the author.
She also refers to mustaches as individual mustaches.
Like these are my mustaches. They're very luxuriant.
Um, so Justin, how's, how's James?
So I rolled up, this is true.
The exact same back on Myrtle beach, exact same, uh, Margaritaville.
That brought me so much torment.
The pilgrimage.
Got back there.
Good news. It's a little bit more off season.
Little bit rainy.
Still had to wait 35 stone cold minutes to get into JB's place.
You would think I'd get on some sort of preferential treatment list,
but there was no Joe's Crab Shack for me this time.
We went straight there and then just went to the beef jerky store
and the wine store that's right across the street.
Had a wine slushie. It was delicious.
Oh, I was with Justin. I should make that clear.
Travis was with me.
Uh, so we go in, we finally get the thumbs up.
Come on in J-Man, the water's fine.
And here it was more amazing than I, okay.
So when you first walk in, here's what I literally saw
when I first walked into Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville.
A giant, her like tornado cyclonic cloud.
And when I say giant, I mean like 20 feet across,
huge sculpture of a cyclonic cloud with like flip flops
and shark fins emanating from it, spinning wildly.
I'm scared. I'm scared of this.
It's a scary vision.
That does not put me in a chill head space for this restaurant.
As an upended bottle of a giant upended bottle
of a Margaritaville brand tequila dumped into a 15 foot tall blender
while a woman clad all in pink and on stilts
humped the blender as she shouted, I love margaritas.
Whoa.
As the song Margaritaville played and the cyclonic cloud spun and-
Jesus.
There was a fake weather report about a hurricane party
headed from Myrtle Beach that I thought was in poor taste.
Yeah, really poor taste maybe a bit.
But I'm assuming it's pre-programmed.
Was this a real woman or a statue of a woman?
No, it's a real woman.
No, this is a real woman who's doing some balloon animals for the kids.
She took breaks from humping the giant blender to make balloon animals for the kids.
The blender sex acts are for adults only.
Now, Griffin, I texted you a picture of this happening,
so I know that you know I'm not lying about it.
You texted me some pictures?
I don't think that I, I guess, digested them enough.
I guess I didn't really pour over them.
There's a lot visually to-
Wow, heck, you're not joking.
There she is.
Yeah, there's a woman on-
Yeah, it's true.
I'll put that on social media or something.
Kind of took a break off the social media.
Did get a huge drink called a five o'clock somewhere
that tasted like turpentine and raspberries in a blender cup
that I brought home with me to savor the experience.
It was raining so bad after we left the restaurant
that I had to go back into the gift shop
and buy a $27 Margaritaville branded umbrella.
How'd that hold up?
Both.
How'd that protect you from the elements?
It was fine.
Travis and I had to huddle underneath one Margaritaville brand umbrella
as we made our way back to our car to pick up our families.
A lot of weird tunes that weren't necessarily Jay.
You think, you would think it would be all Jimmy Buffett music all the time.
And then a couple of people at our table remarked that like,
hey, they aren't playing Jimmy Buffett music constantly.
Why do you think that is?
And my assumption is that people work there
and they don't want to go insane.
I would assume at the beginning it was all Jay music
and they just went like clinically chill.
Like almost terminally chill would be my fear there.
So there was some Kenny Chesney in the mix.
I think some LaBouche, which was an odd choice.
Anyway, all the food was great.
You paid a premium price for it.
The waiter was chipper and very business-like.
Not very chill, I thought, but that's fine
because your speed is of the essence
when I'm waiting for my five o'clock somewhere
to be delivered to the table.
But it was everything I could have hoped for.
JB didn't come out of the...
That we know of.
Well, he's busy in the kitchen cooking up all the bad food.
He was.
The food was great.
Food was great.
And I'm assuming one of his disguises he was employing
because he likes to watch people really enjoy.
Now, I did find an old man wearing a large hat
that I told my daughter Charlie was Jimmy Buffett,
which she then loudly started pointing at him
and telling everyone at the table who would listen
that there was Jimmy Buffett, that she had found him.
I don't know if he noticed this fun prank
that I played on this elderly gentleman.
I would say that, yes, Margaritaville was a highlight.
We also had another dining experience
at a local eatery known as Pirate's Voyage.
Yes.
And I realized two things.
One, it was an incredible show with stunts, thrills, chills.
And original music by Dolly Parton.
Wait, what?
Yes.
You heard me.
She did the OST for this pirate themed restaurant?
Correct.
It's all Dolly.
There was a spooky scary number
with a giant animatronic Davy Jones
that scared the shit out of my baby.
But most of it she was down with.
But I realized that there is a small infinitesimal chance
that one of the performers at Pirate's Voyage
might listen to My Brother, My Brother, Me.
And if that is true, I wanna say,
if you're listening to this, it was incredible.
Yeah, great job.
It was great.
They bring the food out to you pirate style,
which I didn't know what that meant.
What's that mean, Justin?
So here are some of the items that-
They steal it, they take it back from you by force
as soon as they give it.
I'm reciting the menu from,
like the entirety of the menu from memory.
It started with a Voyager vegetable soup,
which they sell a mix for in the gift shop
if you would like to get some Voyager vegetable soup.
And that was served with a buccaneer bread.
All right.
And the bowl that they had,
they brought you the bowl for soup,
but there was no spoon available.
And my father-in-law didn't,
just like left it in front of him
because he couldn't,
he just didn't know what he was supposed to do.
What they expect you to do is drink it,
like mug like, like a pirate.
But he refused to deign to their wishes.
So he just left his Voyager vegetable soup.
As a gentleman who's played Captain Hook
in several permutations of Peter Pan musicals in Huntington,
I'm very disappointed in Tommy's failure
to commit to the bit here.
They then brought out the half a roasted cackler,
which yes, was chicken.
That is chicken.
That one's chicken.
You're killing me Pirates Voyage.
And there was a captain's BBQ roast,
which is just pulled pork.
Then they brought out the pirate herb-based potato,
which I think was just,
they just put pirate on there.
I couldn't think of a way to say the best one,
Justin, say the best one.
Oh, they brought out a Cabo buttery,
which is what they call corn.
All right.
Well, it sounds like you guys had fun.
Cabo buttery and some apple oh my,
some apple oh my eye pie, the Cabo buttery.
And they brought it out in like secession.
So like first they brought out the potato
and that one was just there.
And then they brought out the chicken like two minutes after.
And I was into the impression that I didn't know
if I was supposed to be keeping pace.
Like if I should be eating the,
like the potato better be gone by the time they get back.
The last thing I wanted to say is as we were leaving,
there was a sign for another Dolly Parton similar thing.
This was like red pirates versus blue pirates.
That was actually the Crimson versus Sapphire crews.
They had to battle each other for supremacy.
As we were leaving, we saw a sign for Dolly Parton's Dixie Stampede,
which is a similar thing, but cowboy themed.
And you have to sit on one side of the restaurant or the other
to root for the north or the south.
I bet that's an awkward hang right now, eh?
Yeah, that's not a good hang.
I might argue that that's never been a good hang.
Yeah, Dolly.
I hope you all, it sounds like you had a lot of fun
on your beach adventure.
I had a lot of fun here down in Austin where my son got pink eye.
And also I got in an on-box style group fight
for two gallons of diesel gasoline.
So we've been having a lot of fun down here in Austin,
fight for gasoline, get pink eye.
I'm sorry about it.
I missed everything, Griffin.
I wasn't able to emotionally support you.
No, it's fine.
I wasn't able to emotionally support you
when you went to these themed restaurants.
I wish I could have been there for you through that.
And of course, though I should have mentioned it before,
we talked about the pirate restaurant we went to.
Our thoughts are with everybody who's affected by the hurricane.
I don't know if anybody listening was affected by that.
I have to assume at least tangentially some people were.
Yeah, absolutely some folks were.
And best of luck.
And we hope you all can, you know, Texas is tough.
And Griffin has taught me that.
Oh, we've been seeing lots of that from certain Texas politicians
like we're going to get that hurricane.
You're not going to get the hurricane.
Like we're going to be cool and stuff.
And we're going to like help each other rebuild
and support each other or whatever.
But you can't fucking kill.
You understand that I can't go buy the biggest gun at Walmart
and shoot the hurricane.
And then the hurricane's like,
like literally every Texas like conservative bill.
You can do it.
Wrestle that hurricane.
Don't mess with Texas hurricane.
You can't, the hurricane's not messing with Texas.
It's just doing what hurricanes do.
You can't go buy a fucking big, big gun
and shoot it into the heart of the hurricane
and the hurricane dissipates.
And you're like, oh, Teddy, Teddy got him.
Did you try, did you try?
No, I didn't really get up to Austin enough
for me to really get at the, you know, the heart of the thing.
The blender at the heart of this, this Jimmy Buffett hurricane.
But they should probably have a different fake news feed
to play during the, the Margarita explosion.
Like it would, I'm assuming that that has probably occurred
to them that like sometimes parts of America
and you know what other countries,
as long as we're talking about it, Jimmy's an international star
are being ravaged by hurricanes.
So maybe the fake hurricane party is not always
so great all the time.
Should we get to the meat of the matter?
I believe that's in order, Griffin.
This is an advice show where we take your questions
and turn them alchemy like into wisdom.
And we're gonna start right now.
I'm ready to go, I ejaculated.
Oh, boy.
Okay.
My best friend in the world moved away a little while ago.
Start over, you said my breast friend, Justin.
We can't, we talked about ejaculation
for the first six minutes of the show.
I didn't.
We stopped in Winston-Salem on the way back.
There was a theme restaurant called Twin Peaks
and I was so excited until I found out
what the Twin Peaks was referencing
and it was not a good scene for me.
It was a restaurant.
Shall we say, oh, okay.
Just gonna dive right into it.
Justin just ejaculated that.
Please say this question.
I just ejaculated that.
My best friend in the world moved away a little while ago.
A few weeks before he left, he offered me his bike
that he said he didn't want anymore
and didn't want to spend time and money moving.
I gladly took the, that's just lazy, by the way,
because you could ride it.
I gladly took the bike.
A few days before his going away party,
his wife asked me to bring the bike back
so they could pack it.
When I asked my friend what the deal was,
I thought he gave me the bike.
He said, don't worry about it
and don't mention it again and I can keep the bike.
The bike wasn't brought up again until recently
after they had already moved halfway across the country
when his wife texted me asking
when I was going to send them the bike.
Come on.
I told them my friend was sending the bike back,
but he keeps insisting I don't.
His wife seems very annoyed
and I have no idea what to do.
Please help.
That's from potential bike thief.
Woof.
How do you send a bike?
You go roll up, you fucking ride it to FedEx
and you're like, do you have a big box for this?
And also I need cab fare for the ride home.
What the fuck?
I'm just gonna force dump this across the country
and lead a revolution of people
who are inspired by my insistence
on pedaling a bike across the nation.
This bike life movement is gonna be so disappointed
also when you get there and you're like,
I'm done because it's not mine.
I have a theory as to what's going on here.
Okay.
Let me know what you guys think.
I think that best friend wants a new bike
and doesn't wanna move the old bike across the country.
But best friend's wife thinks that old bike is still fine,
right?
And doesn't see the need for new bike.
So best friend tells wife loaned it to question asker.
Oh God.
And then the plan was once they had moved me like,
oh, we didn't get it back from question asker.
Ah, beans, you're caught up in that.
Guess I gotta get a new bike.
You're embroiled in something so much bigger
than this bike though.
Cause there's some scandal level deception happening
in this couple.
And what Mr. and Mrs. Agent Smith,
what are they not saying to each other?
Are they gonna get in a big knife fight in the kitchen
when their identities are revealed over this bike?
You've got a tiny little liars scenario here.
You've got a baby liars situation on your head.
Itty bitty liars.
If you are in the middle of two people
and they're telling you to do different things
and one of the people,
if you don't do the thing,
you'll be a thief.
You should probably defer to that one.
That's the one that I would-
If you have two options,
and one of the options is you get a sick cool new Huffy
that you can take behind the Kroger
and go up the big dumpster ramp.
I think that might be,
that's the cool Huffy option.
And I want that one.
Can we make that one work?
Can the Huffy stay in the picture?
Yeah, but the thing is,
whenever you visit your friends,
Dylan and Vicky,
Dylan's gonna be like,
hey bud,
Vicky's gonna be like,
you're a thief,
you're a bike thief.
You're a fucking thief, yeah.
You stole this fucking bike.
Let's talk logistics.
Okay, okay.
The cost of shipping a bike
is twice the price of buying a bike where you are.
This is ship me a bike.
I'm still so-
What?
Nobody's ever shipped anybody a bike.
You can't ship a bike.
It's like shipping a car.
You can't do that.
They gotta put them on the big truck and drive it away.
What if this bike,
I think we're all thinking like,
maybe you bought it at the Toys R Us or the Walmart.
Maybe this bike is like a sick custom job,
like racing with all the accessories.
A West Coast customs Huffy.
Yeah, it's got like streamers
and like whatever the actual adult good version
of like a baseball card in the spokes
and like light up wheels.
It's a credit card.
It's an insurance card in the spokes.
And just the cushion.
Yes, butt cushion.
I think you've already,
question asker,
thank you for listening.
You've already fucked up pretty bad
in not dealing with this before they moved away.
But at this point, let's be honest,
they're living a long distance from you.
You're probably not gonna maintain
that relationship so well.
I think you need to come clean to the wife.
Just throw that little pipe bomb into the relationship.
This is officially your friend's problem to deal with
and not yours.
The good news is,
when you stir up this dookie,
you got a means of exit.
Hey, by the way,
you've been lying to each other about the bike.
See ya, pedal, pedal, pedal, pedal, pedal, pedal.
Don't worry about it.
Maybe, ooh, let me hit you with this.
We should have never taught Griffin,
when we were teaching Griffin to ride a bike,
we should have never taught him
that he had to say pedal every time that he battled.
Although I will give it to you, Griffin.
I do not know how Michael Winslow style
one would replicate sound of bike being pedaled away.
It's like, that's right.
And so maybe there's a lot of cocaine in the bike
that the wife put there.
Okay, okay, yeah.
Everywhere, everywhere.
You fucking go to fill up the tires,
you overfill them, explosion,
a cocaine explosion all over yourself.
You pull off one of the handlebars
when you take a left over that dumpster ramp
behind the Kroger too hard, pops out,
and just like a pixie stick you tore up
and just like cocaine, cocaine, cocaine, cocaine,
all over the place.
What do you mean you gave Dave the bike?
The jewels are in the bike.
And then it's a whimsical cross country bike race.
If the bike is full of cocaine,
the wife is certainly horny
to be taking that across state lines, eh?
Seems like she wants it to ship Justin.
Now it's on question asker.
Oh my God.
So you're saying that wife is using question asker
as a drug mule.
An unwilling, unknowing mule.
I don't know there wasn't cocaine in it
when we gave it to him.
I don't know why you filled it up with cocaine.
I don't know why you better do that.
He said he's doing some mountain biking
and wants some more weight in it
to really grip the road.
I don't know why that weight had to come from
that chunky crystal white stuff,
but here we are.
Here we are.
How about a Yahoo?
Hit me.
Yeah, this one was sent in by Seth Carlson.
Seth Carlson, the delivery man?
Yep.
All right.
Sorry, I got a YouTube ad.
There's a video audio playing.
And it's of Taylor Swift's bad new video.
So let's just destroy that.
Okay, stop all flash plugins.
Siri.
Here's one.
Thank you, Seth.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Earl the girl asks,
what are the terms of your friendship contract?
No additional details needed or posted.
You got a buddy.
You got a new buddy.
And of course, you can't just go into that shit
willy nilly.
You got to protect yourself and your assets.
What's the terms of your friendship contract?
Hey, Jeremy, you seem nice.
I'd like you to sign some paperwork for me
before we go to the big baseball game.
I need to protect myself and my assets
in case you end up being a real jerk sword.
Okay, I know one of my stipulations would have to be
you have to let me know about two out of every three sick hangs.
It's okay.
It's okay if you want to go hang a couple times without me.
But if I find out three times in a row
there were sick hangs that came up
and I was not informed about it,
we're going to have beef.
I think of a hang has a certain number of involved parties.
Once it gets over three of my buds
who are all also on contract with me.
Yep.
Once that happens, if I do not receive the evite,
then something's broken down in this process.
What are the terms of your friendship contract?
I am allowed to get totally spooked
at a scary movie we went to together
and you can't post about it on Facebook or make fun of me.
Don't you dare goof on me like that.
Right.
You know how I get spooked.
I went and saw Annabelle shit my pants in a theater right there.
Made a real bad soil mess right there in the theater.
Don't you dare get on Twitter about that.
Right.
Because if you do, I'll sue you for $50,000
for breach of contract.
I think rule number one is don't fall in love.
Because that's an issue.
That's a whole different deal with it.
Yeah.
What are the terms?
Now here's Yahoo Answers user weaselmcweasel says-
Untrustworthy.
Well, it's hateful.
Number one, don't touch my Coca-Cola.
Yeah, for sure.
Well, hold on, I would say don't touch without permission.
No, when would I ever give anybody permission
to drink this good brown stuff?
Number two, I have the right to kill anyone that does.
So if you sign this and you touch this good brown drink
and I fucking kill you,
and then I go to court and the judge is like,
ooh, I don't know about this.
You killed him.
And I was like, look at the contract.
I had legal authority to kill him
for touching like sweet Coca-Cola.
What do you think your life is like
when the best thing you have going for you
is some Coca-Cola?
The most important thing in the world to me
that nobody better, not my children.
Not my children or my money, my bank accounts,
my social security number, my stocks and bonds.
You better not lay a finger on my Butterfinger.
Or is that just like accepted?
That's it, that's it.
Because Bart Simpson said it.
When you tear open the package of a Butterfinger,
you are agreeing to a contract
that is printed on every Butterfinger label.
Which is to say, if you touch my Butterfinger,
the one who opens it, if they are not the one who eats it,
you have legal authority to kill that second person.
Just real quick, Weasel McWeasel does have a rule number three.
If you drink my Coke, see rule number two.
This is a little redundant, I feel.
The secret to a good contract is you gotta keep it so tight.
And so saying, number one, don't touch my Coca-Cola.
Two, I have the right to kill anyone that does.
And then having a third rule that's just like,
seriously though, number two is-
Griffin, I can't fault you there.
Because everyone knows that one of the hallmarks of contracts
is how brief and easy to read they are.
So yes, agreed.
What about like, you're my best friend forever sort of clause?
What about if I kill someone,
you have to say I was with you at that time?
That's a little, that's a lot.
What if I like to kill people a lot?
Yeah.
And then it gets like-
Man, you hang out with Jeremy a ton.
One crime committed and covered seems fair.
Like, I feel like most of my friends could do something once.
If it got like a little dextery,
I think I might start to have bigger issues.
I just think I would want,
why are we having friendship contracts, I guess?
Yes, why can't we just be good to each other?
That's a contract.
It is.
We all signed it when we were born.
That's your member?
With your hand, with your little hand.
That's what they do
and they make you stamp your fingerprints down.
It's just, and you look up and it's like,
here's Griffin, 20 pound baby.
Jesus Christ!
The 20 pound baby and he promises to just be cool about it.
Speaking of being cool,
I think it's time for us to take a trip to the money zone.
I want to start off this week by telling everybody about Zip Recruiter.
Are you hiring?
Do you know where to-
Yes.
I'm always hiring.
You never know when I might find someone else I want to enlist.
I'm hiring friends and you can apply at ziprecruiter.com.
Really?
You can post your job to 100 plus job sites with just one click.
I mean, you can't beat that.
It's so much easier.
And get this, 80% of employers who post a job on Zip Recruiter
to get a quality candidate through the site within one day.
You can find out today why Zip Recruiter has been used
by businesses of all sizes to find the most qualified job candidates
with immediate result.
Not immediate, probably.
That would be weird.
If someone replies to your job listing immediately,
they are probably scoping you out.
Absolutely.
I feel like that-
They are casing you.
They're casing you.
That's no good.
But right now our listeners can post jobs on Zip Recruiter for free.
That's right.
You heard me right.
For free.
Just go to ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
That's ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
Try it for free right now.
Ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
If you go to ziprecruiter.com and you just search Griffin McElroy,
very tall friend, you'll find the current opening.
It's unfortunately like times are tight.
And so that's the only one that we are hiring right now.
And of course the contract is like, fuck, like 600, 700 pages long.
How tall, Griffin?
Give parameters.
So what I put down on the listing was as big as my refrigerator.
So I left a little wiggle room there because you don't know how tall my refrigerator is.
But needless to say, it's very large.
I need a very tall friend to help me get the big jug up there.
It's been up there for years.
I don't know how I got the damn thing up there.
Must have thrown it up there like a basketball or something.
But anyway, I do need a very tall friend to come over here and get that jug.
And then if you do, maybe we can go see a movie or something.
Is there a full time position that you're looking for or just like-
I really just need you to get the big jug from on top of my tall fridge.
How often do you need that?
One time.
Just one?
You're not gonna put it back up there?
I mean, I'll be honest.
I got a tall fridge and there's lots of tall shelves up in there.
And there's a lot of old stinky food up there that I just can't get.
And the stink goes down in the cold air.
And so I need somebody to help me because my produce, I just put it in there.
And then it gets the stink of the cream cheese up there and some bread.
What if they want to go see the movie before they get the big jug off your fridge?
Oh, then they'll be fired immediately because that's not what the contract says.
You're right.
Read the fine print.
It's all fine print, baby.
700 pages of like font number four.
Hey, I want to tell you all about Lyft.
That's L-Y-F-T.
Because what they do is you get in their car and they drive you wherever the fuck.
And it's simple formula.
Happy drivers mean happy passengers.
Maybe that's why nine out of ten Lyft rides get a perfect five star rating.
It's the first ride share platform with tipping built right into the app because getting tips
shouldn't depend on your passenger having a crumpled bill in their pocket.
And if you're a driver for them, you just keep 100% of the tips and they add up fast.
Drivers have been paid over $200 million each.
No, drivers have been paid over $200 million since the feature was first introduced.
Man, you have ten little cigarette boats there.
Yeah, I made $200 million driving with Lyft.
It was awesome.
Anyway, you can join the ride sharing company that believes in treating its people better
if you go to lyft.com slash brother today and you can get a $500 new driver bonus.
That's going to get you a little bit closer to that cigarette boat.
That's lyft.com slash brother, lyft.com slash brother, limited times only.
Terms do apply.
Now, when you hear the term cigarette boat, do you, like me, picture the Oscar Mayer
Wienermobile but like cigarette shaped in a boat?
I just picture a big ugly boat where I can go and smoke my Marlboros in peace without
having, you know, all of my coworkers, you know, pulling at my coat, pulling at my pants,
trying to pull my pants down.
Every time I go to the office and I smoke my smokes right there at my desk like I should
be able to do and my coworkers just come up to me and try to rip my pants right off.
So I want to get on my big old nasty barge that I bought for like 30 bucks and then just
smoke it right there in the barge and then just went home.
I always imagine just a boat so filled with cigarettes and the person driving it is like
so happy because they love them.
Yeah, they love the stuff and they're like just sailing around the pier like I can't
believe I have so many but that's dangerous because the weather, you know, you get any
sloshing.
If you get a cigarette wet, that's pretty much it for that cigarette, I feel like.
Do you guys remember Pepsi points?
I always picture like a cigarette boat was a boat you bought with cigarette points.
Oh, yeah.
You smoked enough that you earned a boat with cigarettes.
Yeah.
Camel cash.
Yeah.
I got so many cooch balls with those camel cash dollars.
I got a windbreaker just so I could show people like you can't believe how many I smoked for
this.
I like to get on my boat and show off all the fish my cigarette tricks I do.
Wait, what?
Do the fish do the cigarette tricks or you show the fish the cigarette tricks?
I show the fish the cigarette tricks, you dumb ass.
Why would the fish do it?
They got wet mouths.
The fuck stinks before you talk.
Mr.
Yeah, Mr.
Olympid out there just huffing my Marlboros, just chucking them down.
What are you talking about?
It's a fish.
It's 100% water.
The fish vape?
Now, fish can vape.
Yeah, fish can go digital for sure.
I was within striking distance.
One additional breath of beginning to speak about Mr.
Olympid.
I'm so happy that you took that burden from me.
I feel like we talk about Mr.
Olympid one in five episodes.
Is that true?
We talk about Mr.
Olympid a lot.
Yes, true.
If a dolphin or a whale vape.
And this is a question that you can have as like a party game at home.
Like the minister's cat.
If a whale or a dolphin did vape, would you plug the carb or whatever the fuck into their
mouth or into the blowhole?
Discuss.
No, I think you'd have to mouth in, blowhole out.
That's weird.
But that's how you get the sweet tricks, right?
Like with your blowhole.
But I think that's just not a trick.
I think that's standard vaping protocol for a dolphin or whale or any blowhole equipped
mammal, a platypus, I think has one.
I'm almost certain blowhole is in an inn.
I don't think they can breathe in through the blowhole.
Well, that's what makes it a trick, Travis.
Oh.
Play with me in this space, will you?
For God's sakes.
They do have mouths.
Why do dolphins need blowholes?
Like they have mouths.
It's greedy.
It's greedy.
I mean, I guess I have a poop hole so poop doesn't have to come out of my mouth.
So go to lyft.com slash brother, lyft.com slash brother.
Limited time only, terms do apply.
Hey, tell me about this next time.
Limited time only and we've wasted half of it.
Sorry.
Time's ticking down.
So if you love sibling based humor, which I assume you do because you're listening to
this show, join the brother and sister Emma and Luke as they review every Disney Channel
original movie one month at a time.
That's incredible.
Join us as we completely trash these movies, which are all definite classic works of cinema
and hold special places in our hearts.
Okay, first of all, I don't know how I feel about that because I don't think I could trash
Luck of the Irish, which I loved as a kid.
Yeah, I mean, Zetas will beat us, dude.
Like, you cannot talk shit about these DCOMs.
What's the one where the youngest Lawrence brother cloned himself?
Clone of my own?
Clone Wars.
Clone of my own?
No, there is a one where the tiniest Lawrence cloned himself.
What was it?
Jesus God.
And I think he did a dance with himself.
Clone of my own is like such a good name for that movie.
I can't imagine that's not it.
It wasn't.
I'm on Wikipedia.
Do you hear how fucking frantically I'm typing?
The other me.
The other me.
Yes, of course.
So if you want to have probably better listening experience than you've just had for the last
30 seconds, you can search for their podcast DCOMedy.
So D-Comedy, D-C, Disney Channel Original Movie-ody.
I'll just spell it D-C-O-M-E-D-Y.
Get it?
In iTunes and subscribe.
And then you can follow them at Twitter at D-Comedy Podcast.
So go check that out.
Boy, they kept making it.
I just Googled the list.
I thought I was going to know a lot of the things on this list.
What with Brink and what have you.
But it's a lot of they've been making a lot of stuff.
They made one in 2013 just called Teen Beach Movie.
Couldn't get a title going for that one.
I just went with Teen Beach Movie on that one.
I was excited.
Timothy Amundson, who was great in a bunch of things, but I was most excited when he
responded to my tweets because he was in Luck of the Irish as the evil leprechaun.
And I enjoyed his performance.
I don't think I've ever told him that.
Hey, everybody.
Please don't tell my sort of Twitter friend, Timothy Amundson, that I most enjoyed his
performance in Luck of the Irish.
Thanks, everybody.
Bye 2000.
Year 2000.
Year 2000.
Travel back with me, will you, to the year 2000?
They made fucking one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12
of these fucking things in one year.
That's one a month.
Quince, the other me.
Mom's got a date with the vampire.
Phantom of the Megaplex.
The ultimate Christmas present.
Miracle in Lane 2.
Stepsister from Planet Weird.
Rip Girls, Alley Cat's Strike, The Color of Friendship, Up, Up, and Away.
All of them 2000.
How's your fucking like production schedule?
We do want to encourage everybody.
Make sure to advertise with your podcast with my brother, my brother, me.
Because if we like your format, we'll apparently just start doing it.
Yeah, okay.
Xenon Girl in the 21st Century was an amazing movie.
And the guy who played Protozoa, I ran into him at a cafe in Yellow Springs, Ohio.
You dropped this name, Travis.
I can't remember.
Let me pick up this name for you, Travis.
Protozoa.
And I'll hand it right back to you.
You're such a fucking show off.
Hollywood Travis McElroy, I always talk about Protozoa.
I always talk about his best friend, Protozoa.
God, you've changed.
I thought you don't live in LA anymore.
But you've changed.
Always talking about Protozoa.
Once a Hollywood guy, always a Hollywood guy.
God, all these movies are incredible.
Um, hey, I've got a personal message for Rebecca.
And it's from Michael, who says,
Hey, Rebecca.
Hey, hey, you know what?
You know what?
You're great.
You're doing a great job of being a human being.
And I'm the luckiest.
Happy B-day slash secret anniversary slash becoming a mom slash official anniversary.
I can't wait to meet our baby.
Oh, also, I'm in the bathroom and we don't have any toilet paper.
Can you get some?
I'll wait.
Now, they don't have a time, like a preferred time for this message listed here.
But I assume that it's been a while.
And that not only do they have a baby,
but that Michael is just a skeleton in that bathroom still with poop all over his butt bones.
Hey, Londoners.
Do not miss out on your chance to see the Beef and Dairy Network,
Jordan Jesse Goh, and Judge John Hodgman live at the London Podcast Festival
from September 13th through 17th.
Tickets are still available.
So realize what you've done wrong and fix it.
Get those tickets.
For more information, go to MaximumFun.org
and check out the live shows on the right side of the page.
Go, do it.
Here's another question.
Wow, we only did one.
Yeah.
Okay, here's the second one.
Well, we talked about protozoa for about 40 minutes,
so you're not going to get a lot more content in this one, I think.
I recently moved to a new city and one day after work,
I went through the drive-through at a Dairy Queen I've never visited before.
When I pulled up to the window, I immediately recognized the cashier,
but I didn't know her name or how I knew her.
She also expressed some similar recognition of me.
We talked for a bit and determined we didn't go to a school together
and are not from the same area.
How do I find out who she is?
Is my brain broken?
That's from Lost in Louisville.
How are we supposed to know this?
How are we supposed to possess this information?
Well, I think my suspicion is
that you might be dealing with maybe like a past life scenario
where you two were like BFFs in Egypt or something.
Either that or you kind of look like somebody they knew
and they kind of look like somebody you knew
and memory is shit.
Maybe it was Christmas in New York
and you both tried to buy the same pair of black gloves at Blue Kicks.
Okay.
And then you fell in love, but then you were like,
we can't right now.
It's not a good time.
And so you write down your name and love in the time of cholera
and you send it out there.
And if we find it again, we're going to get back together.
But then you forgot.
You both forgot.
And then she got to work at Dairy Queen.
You move there and you're like, hey, you look familiar.
Is it the Seren did?
No, you said she had a different face.
All right.
See ya.
And this is our movie, 51st Serendipities.
I heard Travis on the way, when Travis stopped at her house
on the way back to his house,
and I heard him determine a route home
based on proximity to Dairy Queen.
Travis, what's up with that?
Hey, Travis, what's going on, bud?
Dairy Queen's my favorite travel food.
I think I've talked about that.
You have not, no.
Oh, well, Dairy Queen's-
Yes, he has because the chicken strips
are so dippable and they're gravy-centric.
And we lambasted him for that choice.
Thank you.
I believe.
Here's the thing.
Dairy Queen's to me are a little bit mythical
because I've never lived in what I would consider
close proximity to one.
And so when I see one, I get excited
because it's not like a McDonald's
where there's one every 10 feet.
A Dairy Queen is like, oh, and like a Sonic.
A Dairy Queen and a Sonic, you see them,
you're like, oh, Dairy Queen, a Sonic,
and you get excited.
At least that's how I am.
So when I'm traveling,
if I'm going out of my way anyways,
I like to plan my route by a Dairy Queen.
There's nothing funny about it.
I'm just a fan.
I can take my coffee mug right now
and open up my office window
and throw it and hit a Dairy Queen down the street.
This is not an exotic treat to me.
And in fact, I don't know how I feel
about the Dairy Queen
because if I'm being honest,
hot eats and cool treats,
it's unfair that you get to do both.
When I went to the country's best yogurt,
there was a reason why we're the country's best yogurt
is because we weren't also making chicken strips.
So as we focused on a discipline, on a craft,
and we mastered it and became the best at it.
Why did they ever become the world's best yogurt, Griffin?
Well, there's this fucking dope spot over in Barcelona.
And like we know,
it's actually required in the TCBY training session.
You watch the video and then you practice.
You gotta get seven ounces on the small.
You gotta get nine ounces on the medium
and 13 on the big.
And then you gotta just practice that
until your hand, it's just muscle memory.
Always seven ounces, always seven ounces.
And then you go to Barcelona
and it's technically gelato there,
but holy shit, you eat it and you're like,
oh yeah, our shit sucks.
Our shit is garbage.
Wait, you study abroad at TCBY University?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, for like six months.
It's so you don't get a big head.
Like you start thinking you're cock of the walk,
making the world's best yogurt,
but then you go to Barcelona and it's like,
ah, clearly not.
Oh, I'm nothing, I'm nothing.
I'm nothing, I'm a zilch over here.
You know, Dairy Queen, they have to,
when you get a blizzard,
they have to up in the blizzard in front of you or it's free.
That's a wild thing, huh?
Like I don't know of any other restaurants
that require food-based stunts when the food is ordered.
I can't think of,
it's not like when you go to McDonald's
and they're like, they drop your Big Mac
to show you that it stays together as a sandwich.
Like you never have to,
like they never have to, at Olive Garden,
they don't like take a handful of your spaghetti
and throw it at the wall to show that it sticks
and it's properly cooked.
There's a place here called Piteri's.
It's a good little burger restaurant,
beats the shit out of In-N-Out.
Don't at me.
And what they do is they have to take a drink of your lemonade
and a bite of your burger and a bite of your fries
just to prove to you it's not poison every time.
If they don't, it's free.
If they don't, it's free and it's also poison.
Don't eat it.
How about this Yahoo that was sent in by-
Free poison burgers.
Sent in by, they're so good, I would still fucking do it.
Hold on, I want to hear this Yahoo very bad.
I'm very worried that people have started tweeting
to Timothy Amundsen that Travis didn't enjoy his performance
in Lucky Irish.
No, no, no, I loved it.
I'm concerned that Travis just enjoys all your work
but not your performance in Lucky Irish.
That is my-
You said your shit sucked in that Irish-
No, no, no, I didn't.
I loved it.
That's when I first became a fan.
I just don't want him to know that.
Okay.
Okay.
Jesus.
Okay, so I was about to read this Yahoo,
but I saw one in the suggested questions sidebar
and it says, solve my Harry Potter riddle.
Well, hint, I'm not sure where your loyalty lies.
Keep your chin up to the royal skies.
That's it.
That's all that's in your riddle.
Your riddle sucks so bad.
Your riddle sucks really, really bad.
I mean, I think it's the-
Give it to me one more time.
It's the-
Give it to me one more time.
I'm not sure where your loyalty lies.
Keep your chin up to the royal skies.
It is another one, this user, whose name is not appearing.
Can you solve my Harry Potter based riddle?
And then there's one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight,
nine, 10, 11 empty spots.
That's it.
That's all it is.
It's like 11 letters, but you didn't tell me what it is.
Voldemort, is that 11?
I'm going to assume it is, asshole.
All right, anyway, I've lost the original question.
Can we end the show?
No, no.
Is one-
It's been sent in by Aaron Keys.
Thank you, Aaron.
It's Yahoo Answers user anonymous.
It was asked by Voldemort, who says,
I'll get you Harry Potter.
Can you become a celebrity for arguing-
I put mayonnaise on my fries.
All right.
Can you become a celebrity for arguing with a celebrity
on Twitter and winning?
So a lot of motherfuckers seem to think so.
Oh, man.
Well, here's what I think about global warming Whoopi Goldberg,
and then fucking you watch the news that night.
It's like, he got her.
Got her.
Luke James from Des Moines really burned the shit out
of Whoopi today.
Oh, my God.
Y'all got to see this.
He's got a book deal.
He really went to town on Whoopi's just logic here.
Really jumped on all the gaps in the reasoning here
of Whoopi Goldberg from Sister Act.
This is actually what celebrities hope nobody ever finds out,
which is that that's how the mantle passes.
You have to win specifically a Twitter argument.
You can't like find Joaquin Phoenix in real life
and be like, chocolate's better.
And like, that won't work.
But like, if online you start a fight with Joaquin Phoenix
and you win, and that can be hard to prove sometimes,
you got to run it by the judges,
and you win, you get to be in her too.
Oh, you become the celebrity.
Exactly.
And then Joaquin Phoenix is out.
That's what that weird Joaquin Phoenix movie happened
when he got a shit done on his face.
Was he had a break there because he was talking about like,
I think pit bulls are dangerous.
And somebody was like, oh, no, you didn't Joaquin Phoenix.
And then the news was like, did you hear?
Jeff James got Joaquin Phoenix so good,
dunked on him so high, and now he's the her man.
Now he's the her two man star.
He's the Herman.
Do you have to take over the career of the star
that you beat in a Twitter argument?
Absolutely.
Sister L3 is during me, Griffin McElroy.
It's farther than that, Justin.
Actually, it's you swap bodies.
Oh, no.
So if you've ever seen a star and it was like,
why does it seem like Zac Efron jumps back and forth
between making like Nicholas Sparks movies,
but also bad grandpa?
And it's because he's really bad
at arguing with people on Twitter.
Yeah.
So it's just like somebody else takes over his body
and then it's like, I'm making the new beach movie.
And then another person takes over,
like, I'm making a movie where I sail a boat
and my little brother died.
That's because he's always trying to start shit.
He gets on Twitter and he's like,
I don't know why we don't just call Pringles potato chips.
And then somebody's like, I'm famous.
I'm gonna get this fucking guy.
That is a good point, Travis.
Thank you for bringing that up.
If Zac Efron ever tries to start an argument with you
on Twitter, do not engage with him
because he's trying to claw his way back up.
He's starting low and you should be careful of that
because you don't want him to be like,
and now I'm the assistant manager at Borders.
Like, okay, well, that's fine.
And now you have to be Zac Efron, like, in his body.
You understand?
It's very confusing.
Definitely, but that's why John Cusack's
always trying to fight with everybody.
He doesn't wanna be John Cusack anymore.
I don't, there's gotta be some sort of reward
either in this life or Valhalla
that you get for arguing with celebs
because it's literally every,
at Dax Shepard, great day today.
No, it isn't, you fucker.
First and through 100th response,
fuck you, Dax, it's a shitty day.
Got him, now I'm the Dax man.
There's gotta be some reason why people are like,
I've got like, what, five billion minutes on this earth.
I'm gonna spend one of them just dunking
right on Dax Shepard from Punk'd.
What are you guys doing?
Because there's other stuff you could be doing.
You could go out and try and catch a butterfly or something
and then let it go.
And Griffin, that's why it's sad.
They don't want to fight with celebrities,
but they have to.
Go out and catch a butterfly
and tell them it's wrong about climate change.
That's the thing, it's the only way
to thin the celebrity herd, Griffin,
is if you fight with them and it's like,
okay, that's the only way we can cycle through new movies.
How do you think the new Chips movie got made?
Because Dax Shepard fought with someone
about whether or not it was a nice day,
you know, and then Chips gets made.
It's the only way we get movies.
Dax don't care.
I cannot stress this enough.
If you ever get in a fight with Dax Shepard
or enter any celebrity name here,
Dax don't care.
Dax might even reply and Dax ain't gonna care.
That one's just gonna roll right off Dax's back,
his famous happily married back.
It's been sneaking up on me lately
that I think Dax Shepard might be,
and I don't know, I don't know anyone's mental standpoint,
but he's got a pretty good deal going on.
Yeah, he's doing good, it's Dax.
And so if you tweeted him saying,
you know, your thoughts about anything
that Dax Shepard has very strong opinions about,
which based on my only exposure to Dax these days
is those washing machine commercials
he does with Kristen Bell
is just what a good laundry machine is.
He doesn't give a shit.
Nobody gives a shit.
I have people that I know who tweet at celebrities like,
well, here's what I think of that movie you just talked,
he doesn't fucking care.
Nobody, they don't care.
They're not gonna read it and care.
Yeah, the thing that is different
about celebrities versus us,
and everybody's always wondering,
what do they do differently?
Is that they don't fucking give a shit
and they don't read their replies
and they're not saying like,
well, except when they are,
and that gets a little uncomfortable
because sometimes they definitely do.
Sometimes, oh yeah, that's a good caveat.
Sometimes they definitely care.
I've actually been campaigning.
I've been campaigning on this one for a while.
Never tweet anything.
And if someone responds to you,
don't ever respond,
I didn't expect you to read it.
Then why did you tag them in it?
Tagged them right in it.
You don't have to at them if you don't like,
that's like handing me a note
and then being like,
I didn't expect you to read the note.
You handed it to me.
Just keep it in your pocket.
There's a certain level of pseudo celebrity
where you read them all.
And there's, I don't know anybody on this podcast.
Not anymore.
Not anymore, bro.
Yeah, I don't, I try to,
it got to be too much at a certain point.
But I do still dip in there.
And you know, the funny thing about it
is the ones that I seem to notice and remember
are the mean ones.
That's weird, isn't it?
That seems weird to me.
But thank you for all your kind tweets.
Just reading about on Dax Shepard's feed right now.
I'm trying to find it.
What's he into?
What's he up to?
How's he doing?
Let's click over it.
Dax, Dax Shepard.
We cannot have a show where two thirds
of people are reading Dax.
He's at Dax Shepard one.
Couldn't get at Dax Shepard.
Oh, who's holding out?
I'm going to look and see what.
Yeah, find me the original Dax Shepard.
Oh, hasn't tweeted.
Just sitting on it since April 2009.
Dax, talk to them.
And it's, oh, oh, oh.
The description is punked employee of the month
without a paddle, et cetera.
That ain't you.
That is not at Dax Shepard.
Dax, if you want it, it'll just cost you one night
with you, Dax Shepard.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
You want this Tweeto?
Come fuck this, Dax, please.
Come punk this butt.
Punk my butt, Dax.
Happy birthday, happy birthday, Kristen Bell.
And like a million tweets of people like, great.
Love this wedding.
Love this marriage.
I don't think he, maybe he does care.
I don't know.
I'm, I can't.
I'm so deep down the Dax hole right now.
It's just, if you're listening to this podcast,
if you're under the power of my voice,
don't tweet at Dax Shepard.
Please.
But do follow him.
Absolutely.
A source of great insight in comedy.
We did talk about without a paddle for a couple minutes
a few years back, and I don't think that any of that
was admissible in Friendship Court.
At least I hope not.
Tough shit, dude.
We burnt like four bridges there.
Dax, Seth, the Scooby Doo one.
So good on Twin Peaks, by the way.
Mr. Lillard, if you're listening.
Everybody's great.
All, you know what?
I'll go on record.
All celebrities except the racist and terrible
problematic ones are great.
There.
I said it.
They're all great.
They all make good work unless they are incredibly
problematic, at which point they are not great.
Not.
Not great at all.
You heard it here.
And sometimes they go from the first group into the second
group, and that's challenging.
If they did, we knew it the whole time, and we retroactively
didn't mean them.
Fucking Tim Allen ejaculates into group two,
and I'm like, mm, called it.
I'm a piece of shit.
Uh-huh.
Called that one.
Gotcha, Tim.
I got Tim on that one.
And then you're like, fuck you, Tim.
He doesn't care.
He don't care.
He doesn't care.
Now, that's a man with a Twitter bio right there,
is Tim Allen.
This is so good.
Tim Allen, his bio says, Santa?
Buzz Lightyear?
The Toolman?
Mike Baxter?
Hey, I'm still that wisecracking kid from the
Midwest looking for answers to life's big questions.
You're Buzz Lightyear.
I'm doing time for selling drugs.
You're Buzz Lightyear.
Your header image is Santa Claus looking lovingly at Buzz
Lightyear.
You are not the wisecracking kid from the Midwest.
You are Santa and Buzz Lightyear, the Toolman,
and whoever the fuck Mike Baxter is.
If you look at Tim Allen's Twitter header,
it is so fuckwild because it's Santa Claus in the middle,
and then Buzz Lightyear to the right,
and then a blank void to the left as if he's leaving room
for another treasured character that he may create in the
future.
The other treasured character is him,
a wisecracking kid from the Midwest just looking for
answers to life's big questions.
My dude, you are looking in all the wrong places because
your shit sucks now, Timothy.
It might have always sucked, but now you're just kind of
being a little bit more public about it,
sliding right into group two.
I knew it.
I knew.
I was the one who knew about Timothy.
He also has a picture of himself as him and him,
and it says Tim and him.
That's on his Twitter.
There's a lot of great things and not so great things
waiting for you.
A lot of bad content, actually.
Hmm.
Try this.
Try this.
If Jimmy is from August 19th, try this.
If Jimmy cracked corn and no one's cares,
why did we sing a song about him?
Looking for answers to the big ones,
the questions, because that's me from the Midwest,
a wisecracking kid, not Buzz Lightyear.
I want to address something on his Twitter feed.
He tweeted a while ago, and a lot of people addressed this.
He tweeted, if we evolve from apes,
why are there still apes?
Okay.
And some people said, that's not serious.
He was joking.
And then he did the next day tweet, comedy ain't pretty,
and to some, not so funny.
And then on the 18th tweeted,
maybe I will do the ape evolved bit at the Gig
and Wonderful Paramount Theater in Illinois.
Now, here's the thing.
One of two things is possible.
Either he sincerely tweeted, if we evolve from apes,
why are there still apes?
Or he thought that was a hilarious joke.
And the second one is more like, oh, his classic,
if we evolve from apes, why are there still apes bit?
Yeah.
Well, that's how he does it.
He's looking for answers to life's big questions.
Questions like, if we evolve from apes,
why there are still apes?
And then a billion people on Twitter are like,
tool man, you're a fucking idiot.
And then he's like, okay, so that's not one of them.
That big question's still out there about the apes.
You know what though?
Apparently people got real rides out of it.
I'm gonna do it at my comedy show.
My bad comedy show that you paid $30 to come see.
Doing stand up, huh Tim?
Gotta see that wisecracking kid from the Midwest
for $30 at Aurora, Illinois.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
People just fucking shitting their pants, screaming.
Chris, grunt more.
You're not Buzz Lightyear.
You're a wisecracking kid.
Is that Santa?
No.
Santa's on stage with us, it's not Santa.
That's not Santa up there.
That's just a humble wisecracking kid.
Look at him ejaculate up there, hilarious.
Is that Mike Baxter, whoever the fuck that is?
No, that's just Tim, just Tim.
I think that's from his wack new show
that we've somehow allowed to continue
for many, many years.
Many years longer than Last Man Standing
should have been standing.
If your kid looks at Tim Allen and says,
is that Santa Claus, things have gone terribly wrong.
Things have gone desperately wrong for you as a parent.
Santa Claus is and always will be John Hammond
from Jurassic Park, Actor Man.
That's gonna do it for us on this episode
of My Brother, Me, We Hope You've Enjoyed Yourself
and had a good time.
Is there anything we wanna talk about this week?
Anything going on?
Oh yeah, I need lots and lots of yahoos, please,
because we are about to do three shows back to back
this coming weekend in New York, DC, and Boston.
I think tickets are all sold out on this leg.
But if you wanna come see us in October, November,
you can still get tickets, I believe,
for the Milwaukee show.
I think Minneapolis is done so.
You can find ticket links and everything
at mackleroyshows.com slash tours, is that right?
And we have other shows on that thing,
including a new show that me and Rachel are doing.
Well, it's sort of a revamped version of Rose Buddies
that should be launching this week,
which I'm very, very excited about.
Excellent.
I wanted to make two quick notes
about those shows this weekend.
Sometimes at those shows, the tickets are released
at a very, very limited number of tickets
are released at the window.
So if you wanted to try for that,
that may be a possibility.
There's no guarantees, it may not happen,
but I know it has happened in the past.
So just so you know.
Also, we have traditionally gone out after the shows
to sign things and what have you.
I don't think we're gonna be able to do that
so much anymore after the shows because-
Yeah, not during these tours.
It's gonna be real tight.
It's just tough, cause we have shows every day,
so we kinda have to go back and sleep
and then drive the next day.
So we probably won't be hanging out after those,
which I only mentioned because I don't want people
to wait around thinking that we're gonna be popping out
to sign stuff, and I'm sorry about that.
But also, we're traveling with families and stuff,
and it gets really tricky to keep everybody there so late.
So that is the deal with that, just so y'all know.
I also wanted to let everybody know,
here in Cincinnati at the Noh Theater of Cincinnati,
I am, starting in November, teaching a weekly class
about podcasting called Podcast 101.
And so even if you're not in Cincinnati,
and it is already sold out in Cincinnati,
but we're also going to be videotaping it
and then sending links to the videos to people who sign up.
It's $100 for six hour and a half long videos
about podcasting.
If you're interested in checking out the details,
and maybe signing up,
you can go to bit.ly forward slash podcast 101 video
and sign up for it there.
Let's see, what else?
I wanna thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
John has been kind enough to let us use that song
for like six years now,
and I cannot imagine our show without it.
So thank you, John and the Long Winters.
Oh, along with sending in Yahoo's,
if you're gonna be at the shows,
make sure you send in regular questions.
Send regular questions too,
and put in the subject which show you're going to be at,
so we can sort them easier.
I don't think I've ever promoted this on here,
but Justin and I, and Travis pops in a lot too.
We do videos for Polygon.
If you go to polygon.com slash YouTube,
you can check out all of the different videos
that we do there.
Justin and I have a series called Monster Factory.
We play Player Unknown's Battlegrounds every Tuesday.
We live stream it for like a couple hours,
and Travis usually joins in in a series called Awful Squad.
You can watch like a bunch of archived videos of that.
It's a very, very fun little series.
And that link is also youtube.com slash Polygon,
not the inverted one that Griffin just said.
What did I say?
Polygon.com slash YouTube?
Yeah.
Oops, that's not right.
Yeah, youtube.com slash Polygon.
Yeah, so how about that final?
Wait, I have one more thing.
I just remembered, quick.
If you're in Cincinnati or the Cincinnati area,
my friends and I are organizing a puzzle-themed pub crawl
where you go from bar to bar and solve puzzles
and get points and compete and that kind of thing.
We've got one coming up September 12th.
If you would like to check out all the details,
you can go to puzzlecrawl.com and sign up.
This final one was sent in by Morgan Davey.
Keep it wavy, Morgan Davey.
It's Yahoo Answers user anonymous.
Timothy Allen asks,
is fidget spinner masculine or feminine in Spanish?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm a wisecracking kid who came from the Midwest
looking for answers to my question for McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother Made Kiss Your Dad.
Square on the lips.
Hey girls, do you wanna just say hey I wanna?
I wanna.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture, artist-owned, listener-supported.
Going into a bullseye interview,
I know it's somebody who does amazing work,
but it's an actual conversation.
I don't know where it's headed.
Absolutely, you're absolutely right.
You said it actually better than I did,
so I have to think about what that means.
Hmm.
Hey, this is the straight talk
that you're gonna get on this show.
Bullseye, creators you know, creators you need to know.
Find it at Maximumfun.org or wherever you get podcasts.
