The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother
And me and if I show for the modern era, I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middles brother Travis
executing program a big dog a wolf wolf McElroy and
Hey, what's up? This is Griffin. Oh, oh, sorry guys. My butt cheeks servos just became desynchronized. Oh, no
It's that time of year though, isn't it? It is. Oh
Well, welcome to our podcast for cyber Monday
Sorry, I transformed my hand into a can opener which
Monday, I feel like I could have done. I should have spent more crads on my deck
Yeah, I'm regretting it also kind of sound like you weren't in control of the transformation like it kind of happened
Yeah, you gotta get that looked at also. I thought you had a fucking thermoblade on there. Yeah
combo it's a
Thermoblade combo can opener so it opens cans with the thermoblade is what you're telling me
It's basically a thermoblade which I learned I can open cans with yeah
I'm sorry guys is just tough to get comfortable with my butt cheeks moving in opposite directions
Why did you do that? Well, cuz he wanted to be able to clap them. Yeah well without standing up
Yeah, so when I did my stand up you guys remember back in 30
31 and you know, nobody really liked it
But then I was like I could become the guy who could literally make his butt cheeks. Oh fuck. Sorry guys
This sucks. I gotta go get these tuned up
So this is our cyber Monday episode where we're talking about all the different ice that we're gonna be cracking through
And the the different decks that we're using. Hey Trev. Yeah
Tell me about your deck. Oh
That's a very personal question Justin. No, don't come on don't get sloppy
I just want to know about your deck that you used to break through the ice Mike for cyber Monday Mike tank
And I used to break through the ice
Yes, I feel like this is a reference when you're chipping when you're chipping in. Yeah, okay
Yeah, and you're gonna you're gonna do battle with the corpos. Uh-huh
Tell me about your deck you fucking nasty boy. Oh, I see this is about like a hacker thing
It's cyber Monday, baby. This is the day that we celebrate
All all of us deck heads get together and and celebrate just netrunner culture
Well, this is this is actually kind of embarrassing quiz. I'm actually one of the corpos
Shit I kind of bought into the whole big big business thing a while ago
And I've been I've been selling microchips a huge markup
We just started working on I probably shouldn't share this but we just started working on macro chips
Which are like microchips, but they're way bigger and they're more expensive to build
But they're a lot easier to work on because you can like see the things
So that's like that. That's just a big set. Hey if you're interested Griffin, I could get you a position here
At chippies Inc. This is big. Yeah, that's good Griffin get your corner office
Do something I'm starting to think Travis maybe has never experienced the new wave or the next wave dream dream life or cyberpunk
Any of the ways? Well, I do
I'd rather be zeroed that becomes some sort of nitpick Corpo. Yeah for sure
I got a new car and it flies which is pretty cool
Do you guys have a flying car?
No, I traded in all my kibble cards for a few spare eddies so I could upgrade my my
Input. Well, they just gave me a 402 K
That sounds pretty good though, it is I would like some money to tune up my
Wheelies and your but your wheelies, but they come out of my feet
My actual heels. They actually that's actually an included benefit
At should be bank is they just like give you they tune up your wheelies
That sounds good because they keep the wheelies guy when he installs them right into my heels. Yeah
He's like now remember Griffin. I don't want to have to keep telling you this
But you can't use these on the beach and I'm like, yeah, dude, whatever as I smoke my cool future cigarette
Oh, you don't have I have the wheelies with like the extra wide tread so you can use them on the beach
I'm about to skunk you Corpo
I
I'm sorry. What what's that mean? Exactly? Is that good thing? It means it means Corpo pig
Fuck, you know, I got that but the but the sky are you gonna kill me?
Why have you never done a futuristic adventure zone? We're so good at this
Well me and you are about to scuzz this Corpo. I'm sorry
But why do you assume that a hacker a criminal will be the hero in the story where I'm making microchips that people need
For business. Why am I the bad guy dude, dude, you used up all the fresh water and now we have to drink salt water
That's not true. I didn't not me
I'm trying I'm making microchips and macro chips so that we can build new water processing unit
I'm about to fucking skank this Corp pig fuck but like
Provides 90% of the macro chips for water processing so we can get our clean water back. Why are you hacking us?
I'm gonna scuzz this money bag fuck. I don't think you guys are the good guys. I think I'm the good guy
Eat virus scuzz bag
We give back in a lot of ways we we provide a lot of funds to the local food banks
Yeah, right. We know we do making us all eat fucking algae for every meal everybody eats algae. It's all we've got
Yeah, and whose fault is that because you desalinated all the water, but that was 200 years ago. It's not my fault
I'm about to shrimp this fucking pork bag
Yeah, I'm all dwarfed out right now. Do it right now. Hey, hey, I feel like can I just say and I know that maybe
I'm a corporate but kind of feels like you guys are making up a lot of this slang as you go
No, this is all this is okay. Well, then just real quick. Hey, we grew up in this we're fucking we grew up in the street
I'm your brother and I know that's not true. And I grew up in the Metro
I'm gonna count down three two one go and I want you and Griffin to at the same time
Tell me what Dorf means
Okay, three two one go
Synthetic endorsement. Yeah. Okay. Okay. All right. No, I agree. No, I agree with you
I knew Justin was gonna say that because we're cyberlinked through the netwave. Yes
And this is embarrassing. I was like we did not want to tell you this because we knew that you would get jealous
But now that you're a scuzzy Corpo pig fuck, uh-huh
It's we can't let you in on like our attacks that we're gonna do on your ice. Well, that's actually okay
Yeah, no, I get my eyes after us. Yeah, we don't want any console samurais trying to fucking scuzz us
How do you guys know about the samurais?
Because we're not fucking that pig Corpo Jerko dirt brain dead shrimp
idiots
idiots
My work is recently found an alligator in our parking lot
We named her Georgie
She's currently stuck in a clogged storm drain you have dealt with the situation
Poorly already, right? Like no
Nature has dealt with it. It doesn't sound like anybody put Georgie in the clog star drain. Nobody puts Georgie in the store
My boss who is not a native Floridian is
Determined to become the next Florida man by sticking his hands in the great to release the poor swamp cat
Is that a thing so Florida man? It's like, you know, and it's a new story. It's like Florida man
Eats, you know right case of Red Bull or whatever and then jump, you know
I don't know through a plate glass window to eat a donut, you know stuff like that and a swamp cat is
A gator, I guess I guess it's you can use context clues here. Yeah, let's go with that
Yeah, I doubt that there is a gator and a swamp cat in this story late other kitty. Yeah
Well that right there there's gator swamp cat they's always getting into scrapes
How do I respectfully tell him not to be a dumbass, especially since he's the only one Georgie hisses at
And that's from please don't pet or feed the swamp cats
So apparently this Florida thing is like is being osmosis. Is that the deal? Is it being?
It seeps in through the water or something that turns people into Florida man. Well, yes, obviously
but I would say at this point when a human being says I'm gonna reach in there and
grab that alligator I
Think that they have momentarily forfeited their right to respect
Yeah, and you can just say don't like I don't think you need to choose your words carefully at that point
I think that you can just say like hey, wait, wait, stop stop stop stop stop. That's dumb
I don't do that and I hate to play this card, but there is something
like
Extremely Darwinian about this or it's like if anybody ever has the thought that crosses their mind of yeah
I'm gonna reach in that storm train that has a gator in it. I feel like they there's a lesson like
You may talk them out of this one. But the next time they're like, oh that blimp is crashing
Well, I'll just fly over there in a big kite and try and stop it and they will die
They will die in that accident instead
Like they need they need a little bit of encouragement to be to not do
Terrible ideas like this because there's there's like animal control, but I'm also betting in Florida like
private
Businesses that handle this exact kind of thing. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes, and
I doubt that this is very much like a like well, listen, here's the secret anybody can do it
Yeah, why pay 90 bucks to gator getters when you can just get the gator yourself because oh here
Okay, ask your boss this let's say you reach in there and you get the gator
Then what?
Yeah, they're just gonna go right back in there. They found a hot dog, but they've been there's only one
There's only one thing that happens next and that is you see your boss throw an alligator
Yeah, I mean you're gonna see a man throw an alligator is what's gonna happen
That's the best-case scenario Justin you are assuming that they will be able to fetch this gator
No best-case scenario best-case scenario your boss fishes said gator out
They lock eyes a forever bond is made. I love that
Yeah, the gator. Yeah, like he's up onto its shoulder. Yeah, right on his shoulder
I mean like a like Guapo in the new far cry now you got yourself a little gator companion
Oh who's hanging out with you about the branded content Griffin? I told him
Like they paid us to talk about them once a year and I just I wanted to knock it out here at the end
You know what? I mean? I wish Sarah Davis was here. She would she would know what to do. Yeah. Yeah, Sarah Davis
All right. Yeah, this is our social media manager. She's a native Floridian. I wonder what her her
Let me see if I can channel her don't
Yeah, this does this feel like one that
People who know more about Florida and alligators are going to be mad at us for like it has that vibe doesn't it?
Right where there's like a oh actually step-by-step every kid knows like this is what like we're taught this in second grade
if you see a gator in the drain like this is what you do and
And we're like whiffing it so hard. I
Remember one trip to Florida when we were younger and we were staying with our nanny
And she lived right next to this big golf course and just by like serendipity
Earlier like in the trip
She was like yet
Don't fuck with gators because they can run up to 35 miles an hour on land and then like a few days later
It looks crazy. It looks so fucking wild and then
It looks like a snake that has suddenly sprung legs out of its body and I was like, I don't know how these work
But here let's do this. He's excited and he like
Dipped his snoot in some trucker speed earlier and he's trying to get away from his own new scary legs
Yeah, but then we were walking on a golf course later in the trip and saw a gator like by
You know a water hazard and we were like a decent distance from it and then I was like, oh, right
Those things can run
Three times faster than I can I am out of here. I turned walked away
Can you imagine if I had not received that warning from my nanny and I was like, let's see how close we can get
I wonder what it feels like or if you hadn't looked up from your Gameboy color at that very second to see the alligator
You know what? I mean? Yeah. Yeah
Do you ever think about it's weird if if Nani was like Griffin what piece of advice have I given you in your life?
That's stuck with you the best in your entire life. What has been the most useful. Yeah wisdom. I've shared with you
I mean, it was great when she taught me how to count cards
But I would be dead if it weren't for the alligator warning the big end
And plus counting cards has actually gotten you in a lot of trouble in Old Vegas. You know what I mean? Yeah, man
I mean
There are I mean a couple triad
Communities that I am not welcome to anymore. Yeah, not even the quadrats want him at this point quadras don't want it
Um, but yeah, I mean I did rack up several million dollars Nani one time when she wasn't prepared for our arrival one morning
Taught us about our tummies don't know what time it is, which is when she gave us hot dogs for breakfast
Yeah, I didn't even know you could have hot dogs for breakfast. Yeah, she opened her eyes to a lot of like dope shit
I remember one time she took us on a weird
Like kind of day trip around the area and a part of that involves going to like Bob Evans farm Evans farm
It was great. But another part was just going to look at some dams and locks with like that was awesome. No execution plan though
So it's just like here's a dam in a lock
You wanted to see an execution
Very dramatic setting for you. All right
Sarah says the hottest take is to let them learn the hard way
Thank you. If someone is determined to play with a gator then they go with God
But there are better ways to become the Florida man for the day
but this day has passed and we I actually on this one I
Desperately. Yeah need a resolution on this. Please send a follow-up email. I need to know
How this how this one all shook out only if it's not terrible, right? We won't read it if it's terrible
Let's say well, I mean if something if something happened to the gator, right?
Gators fine. Okay, because the gators just being the gator the gator
This is the scorpion here and or yes, the gators the scorpion and your boss is the frog who's like
I'll swim you across the water
I'll fish you out of the drain if you promise not to bite me in the game like oh, yeah
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, you got it. You got it. You got it. You got it
Hey, can we approach though the wizard and
Is the wizard a gator?
Let me check. Nah
He's he's mostly human
oh, and he's a lot he is actually and when I say cloud I am talking about the digital cloud because he is like
It's like a daemon a daemon that exists sort of in the cyber oasis
Yeah that we like to party yet and have like cool digi raves and stuff. We're
We look at animated gifs that get you fucked up and everybody's just like ASL ASL
But the side the wizard one a cyber one a cyber Monday
Um, yeah, that's the only day you're legally allowed to make digital love at the oasis
This one is sent in by Hannah. Thank you, Hannah
It is a wiki how article that is titled how to react to to an ugly, baby
Oh, no, you've just seen a picture of your friend's new baby. And well, they aren't the cutest baby you've ever seen
Just say like stand by your convictions. They're they are not a good baby
Now you have to figure out what to do and say to the new parents start by controlling your reaction and find something about
The baby you can't compliment. Okay, you say oh, is that the new iPhone? Oh, boom. You're out of there, right?
Yeah, about that iPhone and all the megapixels. Yeah, that's a that's a really good way to do the whole thing on one sort of
Jump, but I would love to get a little bit more granular one. Don't say anything at all. Awesome
What do you think of little?
When you say nothing
smile on my baby's face
Face ain't appealing but at least it's not his little heart that you're stealing
the truth is he has 14 eyes and
17 years
Say it best
Is it oh, okay
It's a bold. It's a bold both of this the recommendation of the song and wiki. How are a bold sort of no
Say nothing. What do you think of little Douglas's beautiful face? Yeah, I can say
It's not great for a podcast. Okay. What do you think of my baby?
What's that a groan of satisfaction
Okay, next step have a small talk ready. Hey, this is little Douglas. What do you think of his amazing face?
Did you guys see?
Kevin Hart last night on
the television screen
Yeah, but what do you think about little Douglas? He did a joke
about his wild kitty cat
What about just focus on the parents awesome, what do you think of little Douglas
Wow, did you just get a haircut? I mean, what do you think about little Douglas that necklace is so chunky and beautiful
I think you took a great photo. What about that? Oh
Man, did you study photo composition in college?
I think you took a great photo, what about that?
Oh man, did you study photo composition in college?
Oh, that's great.
This is so good.
Oh, rule of thirds, man, nice, nice, nice.
Well, you could go with this, like, so thoughtful.
Oh.
Look at that.
He's got a lot on his mind.
That's an old soul.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's an old soul.
It is.
It was just not loudly announced.
It's so cool they're making another Benjamin.
Hey, what do you think of this baby?
That baby's seen some shit.
Oh, yeah.
Look at, oh, haunted.
That baby's haunted, I love it.
Oh, no country for old babies, am I right?
Put yourself in their shoes.
Yeah, that's not fun.
No, I don't want to do that.
Oh, no good.
Remember, not everyone has the same tastes.
I mean, yeah, some people, I guess,
love some Gargamel ass looking babies.
There's probably a community for that out there.
What about this?
What about an acknowledgement that sounds like a positive?
Okay.
Like this.
Check out this, check out a little bit of this.
Oh, yeah, that's a baby right there.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, for sure.
That's definitely not a baby.
Baby, huh, am I right?
Baby.
Let's go on to method two,
which is complimenting the baby.
Step one.
So lying.
No, listen.
Oh, no.
Compliment the baby's expression.
One thing you can compliment is the expressions
the baby makes.
Maybe the baby's especially bubbly
or they look very serious and thoughtful.
Either way, use that information
to compliment the baby.
Oh my God, I just pre-cogged a wiki out.
He looks, wow, what a stern.
What do you think, little Douglas?
So stern.
Wow.
Stern.
That's a commanding baby right there.
Oh, God pity the poor criminal
who stands before Judge Baby, am I right?
Wow.
Pick something cute about the baby.
What do you think, little Douglas?
Great diaper.
What brand is that?
It's so playful.
Very playful diaper on Douglas.
Sydney taught me about this thing
called reaction formation.
You guys know about this?
No.
Reaction formation is,
I'm gonna read you the scientific thing,
is a fixation in consciousness of an idea
where one's own rejected tendencies
and reaction formation turn,
okay, this is too complicated.
Yes.
But basically it is,
a reaction formation is a defense mechanism
where you have an emotion or impulse
that is very anxiety producing or unacceptable,
and you deal with it in the instant
by an exaggeration of a directly opposing tendency.
By which I mean, you see the bad baby
and you say, ah, an extremely good,
best baby I've ever seen.
Sure.
And now I've become very paranoid
about not doing that.
And now if people are very positive
about something that I have done
or a hair kind of thing that I'm doing,
I will often wonder, is this reaction formation?
Because they're being very,
they're praising me a lot.
I wonder if this is a reaction formation.
Well, you can't assume, Justin,
that every other human being shares your anxiety.
So it's possible that they do like the thing you're doing.
What are the odds?
What are the odds though, Travis?
What are the odds?
This is why, is there a slightly positive thing
you could say that,
where you see it and you're like, oh, cool baby.
And it's like, well, if they were trying to sell me a line,
they would have pushed it harder.
But it sounds like that's the realest shit, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because if someone's like,
what do you think of my Douglas' little face?
And you go, fuck yeah, Douglas.
Yeah, Douglas, looking good, baby.
Yum, yum.
Compliment the baby's outfit.
That one's a dead giveaway.
What do you think of my Douglas?
His shorts, get a seal of approval from me.
That's especially bad if they show you the picture
and that's what you're prepared to do.
And then the baby's just in a diaper.
And you're like, sick diaper, bro.
Yeah.
Say something nice about the baby's temperament.
What do you think of my Douglas?
He's so loud.
It's great.
Based off that picture, I can tell he's really cool-headed.
Great in a crisis.
Even keeled.
That's definitely, that's the baby I want on my team
when I go urban exploring.
Yeah.
He looks like he's really working on himself.
You know what I mean?
Very introspective, baby.
You can see it.
There's a lot going on behind the eyes.
This is a baby?
This is a baby?
Is this your baby or is this kind of like a sample?
Oh, is this one of those, like,
what would they look like if you had a baby
like that you and your partner did?
And that's why it looks like the way it does?
Is that, no, this is your, oh, this is a baby.
Oh, what about, this is my Douglas.
That's your Douglas?
This isn't some sort of famous Douglas that you downloaded?
I thought that was the platonic ideal of Douglas.
I thought this was some sort of fake, fake Douglas,
sort of a...
You fed all the Douglas's into an AI
and this is what it produced.
This is an algorithmically produced Douglas.
Surely, surely.
This is just the perfect example
of what a Douglas could be, right?
That there's a Douglas.
That's definitely a Douglas.
Hey, you nailed it on the naming.
I look at that.
You can just tell he's a Douglas.
Look at that.
That's a Douglas face right there, my friend.
I want you to meet my son, Douglas.
Fuck yeah, dude.
Basic instinct.
Wall Street.
Get it, dude.
Yeah.
Oh, sorry.
Wall Street two, money never sleeps.
Good shit.
His wife's in Zorro.
Fuck.
Yeah, dude.
Yeah.
Some community Q&A here.
This one's pretty wild.
What if the parents think the baby's ugly too?
You can laugh with the parents,
but this behavior should stop as the child grows.
Pretty cool.
Parents, these are, I love these parents.
What if, okay, hey.
Yeah, we didn't get it quite right.
Wookie there.
Look at my baby.
Oh, can you imagine?
Look at this baby.
And you're ready for your friend to be like,
yeah, that's an ugly baby.
And your friend's like, oh, beautiful.
And now you're thinking, oh God, I'm the worst.
Oh God, is there something wrong with me?
What if the child thinks I'm ugly?
That's okay.
Kids can be very loud and opinionated.
Don't let it bother you.
If the child's repeatedly making rude comments
about your parents, talk to the parents about it.
That's pretty, that's delicious though, isn't it?
If you're like, hmm, little Douglas, I've seen better.
And then in the future they're like,
you're a fucked up skunk face, my man.
You stink and you suck.
Little Douglas is saying this to me?
Yeah.
I deserve it probably at that point.
You definitely do.
If I said to little Douglas,
you got a real Douglas face.
And then he's like, you got Douglas face.
I'm like, whoa, words hurt, man.
Whoa, shit.
Oh, look at the baby and be like,
I bet he has a great sense of humor.
Well, you could also just make a joke and move on.
It's like, this is my baby.
You can be like, very nice.
Nailed it.
Yeah, he's great success.
Yeah, he's crawling now.
Oh, how are you, how are you, my wife?
God, it's so, why does only he get to be Borat?
It's not fair at all.
It doesn't seem like he does, Justin.
It seems like everybody gets their 15 minutes of Borat.
I know, but I want more.
Can I put on a one man stage show called Borap?
And it's a different guy, but he's pretty similar.
And also he does some pretty cool raps.
Yeah, he does, he's got some good raps.
That's it.
We need to do something else now
because we haven't done enough show yet.
Okay, well, how about another question?
I've put together some great ones this week.
I would love it.
I don't want to brag.
Okay.
You clearly do.
There's a person in my job
who I see every day painting minifigurines
or in the parlance, minifigs.
His setup has the whole deal.
A briefcase with the figures, paint, brushes,
the whole nine yards.
And I'm wildly intrigued.
I got to say, question asker,
those are the components I would have guessed going in.
Maybe not the briefcase, to be fair.
Yeah, that's awesome.
What, you're just going to carry him in a tote bag, Justin?
Just a loose Walmart bag.
I want to ask him about it.
However, I don't know how.
Most people we work with would just ask him in a judgy way.
How do I ask him about his beautiful minis
without sounding like I'm trying to shame him?
That's from what you play in there in Wisconsin.
There's an aspect of this question, by the way,
hearing it out loud that I had not considered,
which is, is your coworker just like doing this
at his desk in the middle of the workday,
just pulling out some favorite, I'm like-
And it's kind of wild, isn't it?
Yeah, isn't it?
Like the boss is going to come by and want to say something,
but it will be so mind boggling that this isn't just like,
oh, I was playing peggle on my phone or whatever.
That it's just like, oh, you have a whole thing set up.
It's fucking awesome though.
I'm imagining this person, like the boss comes out
and is like, okay, everybody, 30 minutes lunch break.
And this guy just like horks down a, you know,
chicken salad sandwich in like two bites.
And then so he can pop off his briefcase
and have 29 minutes to really do some painting.
I like that.
I like that lifestyle.
That's good for me.
I think you can't ask questions.
You have to just do a compliment like,
oh, great detail work on the angel wings.
I don't know what figures these are, but like-
Yeah, I mean, I imagine it's like, you know,
D&D or Warhammer, right?
Yeah, stuff like that.
I mean, it could be like little soldiers.
It could be.
Yeah, I guess it could be little souls.
Thank you, Travis.
What other little things are there?
Tiny angels.
Okay, yeah, well-
Tiny angels is true.
You know, I think that there's a misconception that like,
if you've made it to this point in your adult life,
and you've probably heard, I would say,
all the things that people know to say
about you painting tiny figures at your desk
while you're supposed to be working,
I think that you've probably made your peace with it, right?
You're doing it because you enjoy it,
not because you think, like,
nobody is going to, like, shame you at this point.
You are unshamable, right?
You've gotten this far.
I don't think you should be afraid of that.
I think they probably would just like to
maybe talk about the figures.
Yeah, I think if you-
Like, that seems like an open invitation, right?
If they were ashamed of it,
they probably wouldn't be, like, doing it
while they're supposed to be flying the plane
or whatever, you know, it is.
Heart surgery.
Yeah, right.
Now, I will say, there is also the possibility
that this person's like,
oh, thank God, a chance to work on my figurines.
And you're like, tell me about it!
And they're like, I have 45 minutes to finish,
so please don't ask me questions about my figurine.
This is why I hid it in the supply closet.
Why do you come in here every day, too?
Fuck.
Can I tell you what I think?
I want to give you, I don't know,
can I tell you what I think?
What?
Can I tell you guys what I think?
Yeah.
I think, if I'm, I'm not,
now, I might be projecting, I might be off,
but I'm going to guess on something here.
I think that this question asker's hesitancy,
if you were to, like, dig down deep,
because I feel this way, too,
and tell me if I'm wrong, let's just say this,
but I feel like their hesitancy has less to do
with the fact that they are worried
that this person doesn't want to talk about their figs.
And I think it's because maybe this person
doesn't know a lot about the figs, the figs,
and they're afraid of seeming kind of stupid about it.
Because, like, that would be me, is like,
I would see, like, that is definitely
within the Venn diagram, right?
That's in the atmosphere of things that I would like,
and I would be curious about,
but I wouldn't want to say, like, some stupid shit.
Like, do you use Sharpies, or whatever?
I don't even know what a dumb question is.
Is thems from Monopoly?
There's a 90% chance that no matter how much
you, like, practice in your head,
I think that you're going to walk up
and you're going to open your mouth,
and the phrase, so, painting figs, is going to come out.
And you're like, God damn.
You can write a whole monologue
and still accidentally deliver that one.
It's a thing where, like,
I think some people misread sometimes,
or are afraid that ignorance will be misread as judgment.
Like, if I valued this,
I probably would have learned about it by now.
By this point, I would have taken some time
to educate myself.
At best, you might come across as, like,
condescending small talk.
You're like, oh, so figurines, huh?
So you have to, you got to ameliorate yourself
with this individual.
I tell you what I would do,
is I would go into the bathroom,
would change clothes, I would throw on
a big baggy denim overalls,
and let one of the straps hang down.
And I would walk up there with, like,
a old matted up paintbrush, and just be like,
you need any help?
Hey, hey, Tom, need help painting that fence?
I don't, hey, listen, I don't like working either.
Can I help you? Can I please help?
You have a perfect scam here,
and I don't know how you're pulling it off,
and I want to cut.
Oh, get on the phone, right?
Or you can probably fake this phone call,
and just be like, yeah, sis, yeah, no,
I do want to get into painting figurines.
You know I've talked about this for years,
but I don't even know where to start.
Like, really loudly, but not so loudly
that it seems like a bit.
That's, no, it is a bit, though, it's just a bit.
I mean, I know, listen,
but why have you been taking those acting classes for years
if not for this moment, question asker?
I'm tired, I'm tired of you supplicating yourself
to this stranger.
Listen, I need you to take bigger figs.
Oh, awesome.
Like a Barbie?
Like big figs, yeah, like a Barbie,
like an action man.
Like fig figs, you know.
Just big figs.
Big figs for big boys.
Centurions, or descendants, or like big figs.
Get a full-size, get a six-foot statue, a marble statue.
Get a marble statue and go in there and paint a big fig,
and be like, oh, nice little fig.
Oh, I see, I see you're still at the starting point
with the little ones.
You'll work your way up to the big ones someday.
I remember when I used to paint little figs
when I was a little boy.
When I was a little person, I painted little figs,
but now I'm a big person, and I paint big figs.
And I've put such frivolous things away,
and now it's only big figs and big work for me,
because I got big responsibilities.
Would it be helpful to bring some of the figs-
People rely on me.
I don't have time for individual little figs.
I gotta get these big figs done
so I can pay taxes and feed my family.
Would it be helpful
if you brought some of the heat off of this person,
and whenever they were painting their figs,
you went over to your cubicle
and put on a big puffy white hat
and started to throw pizza dough in the air,
just going like,
Ba-da-da-da-da-da-da, ba-da-da-da-da-da.
And the boss would be like, what are you doing?
And you'd be like, my passion?
My passion and my hobby?
I thought this was my time.
Break time is my time, is what you said.
And they'll be like,
you don't have any pizza sauce, a cooking surface.
And you're like, no, it's just the dough.
Ba-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
You want me to start with the sauce?
Then what would I put it on, genius?
And if the boss is like,
you're gonna be written up for this.
I'm gonna go eat now.
And they walk away,
and you stand up and look at the figs guy
and just nod your head knowingly.
And then you're in, baby.
What, along those same lines,
you could just go to their desk and be like,
listen, Peterson, if you don't have all my figs painted,
by the end of the day, it's your job.
I don't know if you have the ability to fire this.
That's cool.
Or you could just be like, come on, Jefferson,
the client is waiting on those figs.
Okay, this one's really funny.
You ready?
Go over to him.
Wait, I wasn't ready.
Hold on.
Okay, get ready.
Okay.
Go over to him and be like,
hey, that seems cool.
I don't know anything about it.
Would you mind telling me about it?
I wasn't ready.
I know.
And if you do that, maybe you could be.
I know.
That would work on me.
Yeah.
You know?
If I was like doing a wood thing at work,
maybe like carving one of my famous little fellas.
You ever see Justin McElroy's Little Fellows
on Etsy?
Yeah.
That's you?
That's me.
That's the Justin McElroy of Justin McElroy's Little Fellows.
I thought it was the Canadian Justin McElroy
that was really in the Little Fellas.
No, no.
CBC Justin McElroy is not the guy who,
he paints the Little Fellas for me.
That's why, if you ever look at the apostrophe
after Justin McElroy's Little Fellas,
the apostrophe is actually after the S.
Oh, it's right.
McElroy's is.
Okay, got it.
Justin McElroy's Little Fellas.
Got it, got it.
It makes a lot more sense.
And it's L-I-L apostrophe.
Right.
F-E-L-L-A-Z.
Justin McElroy's Little Fellas.
Right.
And they are just little people toys,
but they're just the boy ones
and the other Justin McElroy paints over them.
But you buy them in the first place.
No, I car, no, I whittle them.
Oh, okay.
I whittle them from wood.
That's the wood part that I'm doing.
Right.
And then Canadian Justin McElroy,
or Justin McElroy, he paints the Little Fellas.
Now, I happen to need to ask you, Justin,
now that I know that that's you,
why do you make them all look like Griffin?
Yeah, that's a weird thing, man.
When I think fisherman,
which all the Little Fellas are fishermen,
when I think fishermen, I think Griffin.
Okay, yeah, I get that.
You do make a lot where a big fish is jumping up
and trying to pull down the back of my pants
so that my little hiney shows.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And different poses, too.
Like you sell- Like 75% of them.
I made one of those for a special promotion
for the March of Dimes.
And they sold so well that they actually became
sort of the default Little Fellas.
Oh, it became like the look.
Griffin's hiney.
That became like the quintessential.
If you ever see them pop up on Auntie's Rude Show,
you'll see those referred to as like retro Little Fellas
if they don't have the fish jumping up
and pulling down Griffin's pants.
Now- You can see his tiny wooden hide.
Just one more thing there, because like, I think-
I wish Justin, other Justin would paint the butts.
Because they're just perfect alabaster butts.
He says it's the same-
To be fair, that does match Griffin's hiney.
But I also, I think-
Yeah, no, I like the fact that you didn't give Griffin
like a cutesy facial expression about that.
It's abject horror at a fish, but like, yeah.
And it's like not a gim.
Yeah, right, right, right.
That this is like, that each individual figurine
is a separate occasion of this happening.
Yeah.
That Griffin has had to live through.
It's fucked up also that you used
a sort of photorealistic rendition
of my gnarled, eroded 34-year-old face on all of them.
Yeah.
It is, I mean, it's incredible work and detail that you do,
but it does sort of make the pose a little bit-
I thought it was 3D printed, frankly.
Yeah, people say that a lot.
This is actually gonna kind of mess up my rep,
but I'm actually not making enough off the Little Fellas
to support my-
It's a labor of love.
Yeah, it's more of a labor of love.
The Little Fellas are a loss leader for the Big Fellas.
If I can say it's my ministry.
Yeah, it's my ministry.
Really.
So as a result, I would like you guys
to follow me to the Monday Sun.
Okay.
It's better, it's better with you.
Stamps.
I love them, you love them.
Fuck yeah.
They're stickers that carry your words and things to places.
Think about that for just one second.
You're getting pretty hype about these stamps, Trav.
I just, if you really think about a stamp, Griffin,
it's bonkers.
It's fucked up, yeah.
It's fucked up.
These stickers, like the stickers I collect
that have like cool dolphins and shit on them,
they transmit my thoughts around the fucking globe.
Think about that.
And that's messed up.
Like two seconds, you guys.
And then think about being able to do that
without having to go anywhere.
Well, I'm not God.
So I don't think I can create my own stamps.
Oh, but you know who is God?
Stamps.com is God.
Oh, all right.
Our stamps are some awesome stamps.
They're stickers, but not having dolphins.
That's my song I wrote about stamps.
I love it.
As far as I know, there is no dolphin-shaped stamps.
Not yet.
Hey, Stamps.com, if you're listening.
So get on board the Stamps.com train
and avoid all that hectic holiday shopping traffic.
Save time and money.
Whether you're selling online
or running an office or side hustle,
Stamps.com can save you so much time,
money and stress during the holidays
and get discounts you can't find anywhere else.
Like up to 40% off USPS rates and 76% off UPS.
If you spend more than a few minutes a week
dealing with mail and shipping,
Stamps.com is a lifesaver.
So save time and money this holiday season with Stamps.com.
Sign up with promo code MYBROTHER, all one word,
for a special offer that includes a four-week trial,
free postage and a digital scale.
No long-term commitments or contracts.
Just go to Stamps.com, click the microphone
at the top of the page and enter code MYBROTHER.
Hey, you remember that commercial for Orbit gum?
Oh yeah.
Where the people are arguing and the woman's like,
who are you calling a cootie queen, you lint licker?
Griffin, I just re-watched that on YouTube
like three days ago.
That's wild.
And it's like dirty mouth.
So I guess anyway, do you have a dirty mouth?
Me?
That's a, man, outside of the context
of us doing a Quip commercial,
if I ever genuinely asked anybody,
hey, do you have a dirty mouth?
They would get, I would be removed from the premises
of whatever building I was in.
You also just kind of name dropped a different gum brand
in there too.
I'm pretty sure they're dead and gone.
I'm pretty sure.
Orbits?
Yeah, the gum?
Hold on, let me Google,
because you're right, that would get us in trouble.
The brand was discontinued after the war ended.
What the fuck?
Where am I?
Wait, what?
Orbit was launched in 1890.
Orbit was launched in, sorry Quip,
we're gonna start your commercial over here
in just a second.
Orbit was started in 1899?
Okay, yeah, I guess Orbit's still out there.
Anyway, that's the end of the free Orbit commercial.
Hey, Quip is excellent.
They have the better gum that cleans your teeth.
It's better in every way.
And that's just me saying that,
that it's not in the copy for,
oh fuck, I'm sweating now.
Listen, it's the holidays
and your mouth is putting in work right now, isn't it?
Eating, drinking up eggnog,
that stuff gets on your teeth and lives there for a while.
So don't worry about that though,
cause you got better oral care with Quip,
the company with the best gum.
They have this built-in two minute timer
that pulses every 30 seconds in the toothbrush,
not in the gum,
cause that would be pretty fucked up
if your gum started to pulsate
and it helps you clean your mouth the right way.
They have a cover that your toothbrush like lives in
and then you can sort of pop it off
and put it right on top of the toothbrush
and it turns it into a little protective armor
so you can pack up your Quip on the go.
And they also can deliver fresh floss, toothpaste,
mouthwash and the best fucking gum in the business
every three months from up to $5.
Shipping is free, so you can save money
and skip the hustle and bustle of shopping
and store during the holidays and into the new year
or for the rest of your life.
Cause it just comes to you and right in your hour of need.
So go to getquip.com slash my brother right now
and on top of their holiday savings,
you'll get your first refill for free.
That's your first refill free
and up to 40% off of bundles at getquip.com slash my brother
spelled G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash my brother,
Quip, the good habits company.
Please do not tell on me for this commercial.
Hello, I'm Pee Wee Herman.
You might know me from TV,
but I really want to be a DJ.
It took some convincing,
but KCRW finally agreed to give me an hour on the radio
to play you some music with my friends.
Anyway, tune in for one hour of the bestest,
most funnest time you'll ever have
on the Pee Wee Herman radio hour.
I am personally inviting you
to tune your transistor radio in to hear me
or go to kcrw.com, duh.
It'll be available for the whole week
from November 26th to December 3rd.
So you can listen to it again and again and again
and again and again.
The Pee Wee Herman radio hour was produced by Maximum Fun
and can be streamed on kcrw.com until December 3rd.
Da-da-da-da-da-da.
Yeah.
Oh.
Wait.
Digi-digi-digi-digi-digi-digi.
Digi-digi-digi-digi-digi-digi-digi.
That was bad.
Okay.
I want to munch.
Squad?
How is it possible?
Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
I want to munch.
Okay, squad.
Squad.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.
It is almost December.
Hello.
Yeah.
I'm here whenever there are donuts to discuss.
Okay.
This is not a Halloween,
I am not a Halloween creation
and I am not who you think I am.
Okay.
Who do you believe me to be?
I mean, I feels like a trick question
because I really believe in my heart and soul
that you are Count Donut.
Yes, I get that a lot.
Okay.
I am Count Donuts Jr.
What?
But please call me Rick.
Rick Donut?
This show does not-
Yes, Count Donut is my dad.
Right.
He covers donuts, me?
I cover donut holes.
Okay.
We did not need more characters
or Count Donut lore on this show.
You said characters were-
No, we didn't.
Okay.
So you're here with some cool holes for us, Rick.
Yes.
Can we call you Rick Holes instead?
I prefer you didn't.
I prefer you didn't call me Rick.
Rick Holes is good though.
Mr. Donut Jr. would be fine.
Okay, fine.
So I sound like my father, I realize this,
but try to-
We sound like dad, it's fine.
I think you'll tell the difference very quickly.
Dudes.
Oh!
Awesome.
Oh, fuck yeah, now I'm on board, dude.
Yes, come with me.
Why don't you dap on over to this story here
that I have for you?
Tim Hortons has teamed up with Justin Bieber.
Awesome.
Yes, it is awesome, Griffin.
Thank you.
He's teamed up with Justin Bieber to make-
Bieber bites, please.
No, this is a good guess, Travis.
Beeb holes?
Come on.
Beeb holes.
Come on, sweetheart, you can get one up.
Beeb holes?
Sorry, you think it might be beeb holes?
Not now.
Not now that I've said it.
Yes, my tongue gave it away.
No, no, they're Tim Beebs.
So you know that the Timbit is the tiny version
of a Tim Hortons donut,
the sweet succulent nut from the middle of the dough.
The true nut of the donut, ironically.
So that's what they call the Timbit,
but now, make way for Tim Beebs.
And I don't have to move,
I don't actually have to move that far
to make way for Tim Beebs.
It's like a little nudge to the left.
It's like an inch and a half,
or, you know, in Canada, 15 centimeters.
I do not think that that good version-
It doesn't feel right.
It doesn't at all.
I don't think that's right at all.
It doesn't feel right to say.
Let's see, 15 centimeters to inches
is almost six inches, so-
That would be a hell of a Tim Beeb.
Yes, this is the thing about Tim Beebs,
he's gigantic.
He was compensating.
He started with baby, baby, baby donuts,
big donut, big donut, big donut.
No, it's Tim Beebs, it's small.
Tim Hortons has teamed up
with pop superstar Justin Bieber.
This was sent to us by Daniel,
and the story is on CBC.
All right.
Home of dragons.
And other Justin McElroy, I think.
And other Justin McElroy.
Yes, if only this had been written
by my friend, Justin McElroy.
Oh, you guys are close?
I would never kill him.
Oh.
Not in the way that I killed Justin regularly.
Listen, this is my first time in this body.
I forgot my rich fiction.
Tim Hortons teamed up with Tim Beebs
for co-branded merchandise.
The celebrity endorsement deal
marks a departure from the coffee
and donut chain's usual lineup
of professional hockey players.
A marketing strategy that could help attract
a different demographic.
Yes, CBC, I think that there is not a ton of overlap
between Beeb heads and a hockey fan.
Hey, how do you know that, Count Donut Junior?
That's very judgmental.
This is my thing.
I make snap judgments about subcultures
I don't understand.
Okay.
That's Rick.
That's Rick, baby.
That's Rick, baby.
The partnership aligns with the Canadian singer's
frequent social media posts about the restaurant,
which have ranged from snapshots
of a holiday-themed Tim's cup
to complaints about the new lid.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Doing a Tim Hortons,
hold on, let me do my Beeb voice.
Doing a Tim Hortons collab
has always been a dream of mine.
Bieber said in a statement,
I grew up on Tim Hortons.
It's always been something close to my heart.
Hope Bagozi, Chief Marketing Officer for Tim Hortons,
said Bieber's genuine lifelong love of the brand
made the collaboration authentic.
Indeed, this threat for the Ontario-raised performer
has shared posts as far back as a decade ago
about missing Tim Hortons while traveling outside Canada.
Justin is so fervent in how much he loves Tim's.
Bagozi said in an interview,
that is the perfect recipe for a collaboration.
Oh.
It's not forced.
Hope Bagozi assures you, it's not forced.
While hockey, Hope says, will always be part of our DNA.
She said the celebrity partnership with Bieber
will help reach new customers.
It opens us up to a different audience
and a different conversation beyond just hockey.
It sounds like they're doing a bunch of damage control
because Justin Bieber's last album was called
Fuck Hockey and everyone who likes it.
Justin has wide appeal,
but definitely does appeal to younger guests.
Nabbing Bieber is a major coup for the chain.
The genesis of the collaboration
can be traced back to 2019
when the superstar waded into a heated debate
about Tim Hortons lid redesign
by launching a poll on his Instagram account.
Now I'm going to read you this verbatim.
This is Justin Bieber took some time out of his day
to write this text.
I know they could leak,
but it was easier to drink out of.
The coffee would come out better.
These new lids are uncomfortable on the mouth.
And you get.
You guys remember when Justin Bieber
let fucking Larry David take over his insta-frenate?
You get very little liquid each drink.
It's a damn outrage and it needs to be changed back.
It's a damn outrage?
Tibi H, Tibi H, it shouldn't be plastic.
Find a way to be recyclable.
Let's change the world one lid at a time.
Bieber, I love you.
That was the start of a conversation
because he said he was quite keen to do something with us.
So it's been almost two years in the making.
To do donut hauls.
Giving 10 bits are one of his favorite menu items.
The idea of coming up with new flavors was a natural fit.
He was super excited because that's his go-to item.
Because, he said, we probably started out
with about 100 possibilities.
We would send him samples to try.
And he was very specific on what he liked and didn't like.
It was months in the making to land on these three flavors.
I feel like I'm sensing a bit of frustration
from Hope Bagozi.
They look, I will say, delicious.
What do the flavors count, Junior?
Here it comes, are you ready?
Yeah.
You know what?
I'm going to play the advertisement.
Okay.
Because I don't know if it's good or not,
but I will play it and if it's bad, we'll cut it out.
Does it seem- Sure, sure.
Have a seat, we have some coffee for you.
I'm just gonna take you through it.
So, Justin, I know you've always loved Tim's.
Obsessed.
Which is why we're so excited to partner with you
to create brand new Timbit flavors.
Let's go. Let's go.
Brainstorming, brainstorming.
He's juggling Timbits.
Can you imagine if we did a birthday cake waffle Timbit?
Oh my, yes, yes.
I can't even read my writing, it's so good.
Think, think.
Apple, banana.
Apple.
No.
Thinking cap, put on the thinking cap.
Apricot, latte.
Yes. No, that's weird.
Sorry. Think, Justin.
Think. Yeah, get it out.
Sour cream, chocolate chip.
Yes, yes, yes.
What if we do a chocolate white fudge?
There it is.
Yeah, now all we need is a name.
Timbits by Justin Bieber.
No, Justin Bieber's Timbits.
I got it.
Timbiebs.
It's perfect.
Introducing my new Timbiebs.
Birthday cake waffle, sour cream, chocolate chip,
and chocolate white fudge.
Only at Tim's.
This is my balls.
If you eat my balls, I'm Timbiebs.
I changed my name.
These are better than me, so I'm changing my name to Timbiebs.
That was a great commercial.
I'm so excited about these three players.
I'm excited to have my brother back.
Yeah, I'm excited that Cat Donut walked into the sunlight.
It brought me back, it revived me.
He left, and he said, the last thing he said was,
I've got to go play Fortnite.
And then he flew out the window.
Ah, what a cool youth.
God, what a fucking cool dude.
It's cool, yeah.
I miss him, frankly.
I'd rather it was still done.
Exclusively in Canada and in the United States
on November 29th.
So like, I think I gotta get to Tim's, right?
Like, I feel like I'm gonna have to get to Tim's.
Yeah.
They've got Tim's in Seattle?
They got Tim's up there?
Surely.
Surely, right?
It's not all Starbucks.
Yeah, I would like that.
Hey, thanks so much for listening to our podcast.
Yeah.
We had such a fun time.
I'm sorry that I used the whole second half of the show.
It was a good one.
I mean, it was a good one.
It's fun.
It's a fun one.
It's exciting, and I'm so,
guys, if you could see these motherfuckers,
I'm so hungry.
They do sound good.
I love, I even love.
I don't know that I've ever heard
a donut hole described and thought like,
that sounds like shit.
Timbits, Timbits ready donut holes
are like the perfect amount of donut, right?
It's like, oh, just a little donut for me, thank you.
Well, it's hard to throw a regular sized donut up
in the air and catch it in your mouth.
I can't believe we haven't talked about this before,
but we're doing another virtual Candle Nights special.
Did one last year, loved it so much.
Doing it this year, December 18th, 9 p.m. Eastern time.
It's a pre-taped video spectacular
that benefits Harmony House
in our hometown of Huntington, West Virginia.
Tickets are on sale now for $5
with an option to give more if you wish.
Bit.ly slash Candle Nights 2021.
That's the numbers, two, zero, two, one.
And video on demand will be available through January 2nd.
We're gonna have segments from My Brother, My Brother, Me,
Sawbones, Schmaners, Wonderful, Still Buffering, and Neat,
as well as some amazing guests.
And I don't know if I should spoil any of them,
but they're really, really good.
Trust me, we've outdone ourselves, but having cool friends.
So check that out.
That's a good way of saying
the friends we had last year aren't-
They were lame ducks compared to these cool friends.
Bit.ly slash Candle Nights 2021.
The full series of Zoner to Adventure and Balance
is available on our YouTube now.
You can see all three episodes of the Tazminus series
DMed by Aabria Iyengar, who is at quity on Twitter.
Also go to mcrorymerch.com.
Check out all the good merch there.
Oh, we got the Till Death Doors Blart shirt there
designed by Tyler Reed,
which benefits First Nations Development Institute.
You get the Pin of the Month, the Wizard of the Cloud,
which was designed by Dana Wagner
that benefits Native Women Lead.
The Candle Nights ornament designed by Kate May
that benefits Harmony House.
The Candle Nights mug.
The Taz Dice designed by Evelyn,
which is created in partnership with Die Hard Dice,
which also comes with the Bureau of Balance logo.
So a lot of cool stuff there.
If you are interested in finding out more
about my brother and my brother and me
and our collection of mcrory shows,
go to mcrory.family and check out maximumfun.org
for all of the other max fun shows there.
And also, if you missed it,
there's a new episode of Till Death Doors Blart up right now.
So go check that out.
Yes.
I think I will, Travis.
Well, no, not you.
We still have to finish the show, Justin.
So like, don't do that.
But we do want to thank Montaigne
for our intro and outro music,
My Life is Better with You, which is available now
wherever good music is found.
If you haven't watched the music video for that,
it's on our YouTube too.
And I think it's a very cute.
I think it's a real cutie patootie of a music video,
if you will.
Now, Trav, Griffin had to step away
for what I can only imagine is a bathroom emergency.
But he did send me the text for his final Yahoo.
So I'll just forward this to you.
Oh, thank you.
Yeah, you should see it there.
Huh, why is it?
That's weird.
It's like in a Google doc, right?
But like the handwriting is smudged somehow.
Yeah, that's weird.
You can't make it out?
Let me see.
Let me see if I can.
Okay, okay.
Let me see what is written here.
Okay.
Just read the, it's still very legible.
Okay.
Maybe your screen is smudged.
Might be.
Okay, this is sent to us by Punxsutawney Phil.
The, sorry, the-
It doesn't say.
Okay, so it could be any Phil.
It could be any, yeah.
I mean, I think we're led to believe,
but it could be sent to us by Punxsutawney Phil,
but it's written, it's written by-
Go on.
It's written by Michelangelo.
Sorry, art or turtle?
It's written by Michelangelo here.
Art or turtle?
I don't see a difference between those two, frankly.
Because martial arts is an art
when you think about it, Justin.
Fair, yes.
It says here, aw, ding, dang it.
I done went and got pizza inside my shell again.
And that's going to make it hard for me
to paint the Sistine Chapel.
So if anybody knows how to clean pizza
out of a turtle shell and paint brushes,
please let me know.
Totally tubular, a-ree-va-der-chee, Michelangelo.
But it was just-
I'm Travis Zacharroi.
And I'm Griffin Zacharroi.
There he is.
This has been my brother, My Brother Made Kiss Your Dad,
Square on the Lips.
It's better with you.
It's better with you.
