The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's time for the record. You don't get anything for free in this world.
We are cutting you off. This is no exception.
44 episodes in, the bill is due. The bill is due, bitches!
It's my brother, my brother and me, an advice show for the modern era.
You gots to pay the piper.
Time to pay the piper, sluts. Welcome to the greatest pledge episode ever.
This is the best little, the best little pledge episode in Texas,
is what we're calling this one. This is my brother, my brother and me,
it's an advice show for the modern era. I am Justin McElroy, your oldest brother.
I'm Travis McElroy and we want your money. If you want to know my name,
it's going to cost you like two bucks. It's actually, it's Griffin.
If you want that last name for real, two bucks. So we've got a big episode for you. Lots of fun.
Juicy. It is, it's ripe. It's sagging with juices.
Let's thump this melon. Let's thump this melon.
Like Gallagher too. I live with my boyfriend. When I get home from work,
I like to pretty quickly change into comfy at-home clothing,
pajama pants or yoga pants and a t-shirt of some sort.
Usually this comfy clothing is baggier and less flattering than what I wear
for being out in public. That's why it's comfy.
Am I slowly but surely ruining my relationship and killing my boyfriend's attraction to me
by spending so much time, probably the majority of our time together,
in slouchy clothing. Thanks. Sweats in the city.
That's the best. That's a good one.
I mean, of course you are, right? But it's an expectations game you're playing right now.
You're lowering the bar. Exactly.
I think that if you came home every day and like got more dressed up,
like it's going to lose a lot of the effect. But if you sit around in like scuzzy clothes,
like for a hundred days and then one day like put on some jeans and a t-shirt,
you're going to look awesome. Yeah, hang on.
Do you don't want him to have the pressure of trying to continually outclass you at home
and then it culminates with him wearing a tux and you emerging from a clam shell
when he gets home from work? Like you don't want that.
Do you guys remember what my jam used to be? What was your jam?
Taking your pants off as soon as you got home. Oh my God. I would cross the threshold of our
childhood home and my pants would just disintegrate off of my body.
Our parents went through so many pants bills.
As if by magic, my pants would vanish into the luminescent ether.
Griffin actually invented tear away pants for that very purpose.
I actually I had this trick where I could just like I could stand narrowly.
I could stand with my frame narrowly and my pants would just fall off of my body.
That's not a joke. That was a real thing I could do.
Yeah, so maybe that's a good thing because no pants is about as comfortable as humans get.
And kind of sexy.
Kind of sexy.
Little sexy, little hot.
Listen, young lady, I want to make two really important points.
One, he loves you.
He's going to think that the things that you wear, you know, just around the house or whatever
are adorable because he loves you.
And this is part of being in a loving relationship.
He likes to be cozy, too. He gets it.
Two, if you're worried about the attraction thing, he's a guy, sweetheart.
And you're a girl.
You flash, you flash a boob.
A one boob.
Like half a boob.
Like half a boob.
Take him to the English show.
And you do like a quarter of boob.
You get like a quarter boob and he's down.
He's DTF.
And that's short for down to fuck.
And that is not and that is not something that you acquire over time.
For guys, it's a very instantaneous.
So like, oh, there's a boob.
Time to go.
You know what's always sexy?
What's that?
A robe.
Because it's mysterious.
What's underneath?
That's a good point.
Kind of sexy, right?
I'm robed right now.
I'm wearing a robe.
Teresa and I, like we often have robe dates where it's just like we get home from work
and we've had we've had a long day and it's like, let's robe it up.
And then we watch David Attenborough specials.
I never disrobe before a gunfight.
That's just me.
I don't know.
I don't know where you guys are.
Anybody else you drive angry?
That was a good one.
Yeah, that was a good reference you just made.
I don't like the picture.
Everybody enjoys that.
I can only wear my robe for about an hour or two in the morning because I always feel
like I smell really bad when I'm wearing a robe.
Oh, yeah, it's a cocoon of stink coming off of you.
It's like a second skin that you wear outside of your normal sweaty, stinky skin that absorbs
your stuff.
And then I don't know.
There's something about the way that it just it hangs on my body.
It just seems to funnel.
It seems to funnel like the smell like up and out and in my my nose.
It's really bad.
Do you bathe?
Yeah, I bathe.
I mean, did you say you bathed or you bathe?
Like, what's our tense?
Let's take a tense check.
I'm familiar.
Right.
I'm terrified.
I have this friend who's been dating this guy on and off four different times now.
Every time by the end, they seem to hate each other.
But then two months or so, they're dating again.
How can I tell my friend to just give up on him?
P.S.
My friend's a girl.
That's from Brandon.
I used to have the theory that like once a couple broke up, they're broken up.
Yeah, like there's no coming back from that.
Now, everybody listening is going to say, but I know this one guy.
Great.
Yeah, you know the exception.
That's awesome.
But I'm saying as a rule, like once you break up, how do you come
back from that?
Like, especially after two months, it's like, oh, hey, want to go at this again?
I didn't work out this time either.
Whoops.
It's like forgetting the ending of a book and then rereading the book and going, oh,
fuck, they die.
That's right.
Your relationship sucks.
Don't get back into it.
Yeah, I think Travis makes a great point because one time I the first girl I ever dated, we
dated for a couple of months and then we split up for reasons that aren't exactly clear.
And then later I married her.
What are you doing?
You fucking monster.
I'm the other guy.
I'm the thing.
I'm the thing here.
I'm the guy here.
I'm not an exception of telling you.
You're crazy.
You're the exception, Travis.
You're the exception.
I'm the exception.
Have you ever dated a girl twice?
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
So just Travis then.
Travis is out on his own on this one.
And let me tell you how well Griffin turned out.
Might work out really well, yeah.
I would say that we're 50, 50, 50 here.
I think that's fair.
I don't know.
I think that, I don't know, it can really go either way because maybe sometimes you
break up and that breakup period, that brief breakup makes you realize that you need that
person and that you've changed and that you've grown.
Yeah, you've grown and evolved.
Have you grown?
Okay, but we're giving advice to the person breaking up and getting back together.
Four times is a little excessive.
Yeah.
This guy's asking how does he tell his friend to end it?
I don't think you can.
I don't think you do.
What do you care?
Why are you, why do you care?
You got to jettison now.
All you could do is be really passive aggressive and like when they come back and be like,
oh, I got back together with him.
Just go, oh, really?
Huh, huh, huh.
That's, that's all you could do.
We broke up.
Oh, did you break up?
So treat it like it's not a thing at all.
And then he's probably just doing it for the attention or she is, you know?
That's a good, yeah, that's good.
We're back in it now.
You got to disengage.
Four times sounds like they're like 15.
You got to disengage from this relationship, from their relationship.
You got to say like, oh, whatever, she's doing this with this guy.
It has no bearing on me.
That, that is what you should say.
Because it's, that way lies madness.
Like getting all up in other people's cream.
Like you don't need that.
Also, you run the risk of really sounding like an asshole.
Like, you know what I mean?
Like if your friend's not looking for the advice there, then you just want to stay out.
It's a loser.
It's a, it's a, it's a real loser.
You don't, you don't need it.
Speaking of loser.
Speaking of loser.
Let's talk about winners.
How about a Yahoo?
Yes.
This one was sent in by Vikram Murugaval.
I prayed to Jesus.
I said that right.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Not that Vikram Murugaval likely believes in Jesus.
He sounds like a heathen.
Okay.
He sounds like a pagan.
Is he a pagan?
I think he's a pagan.
There's that one racist thing we say every episode I have to edit out.
This one is, this one's by Yahoo Answers user Dragon101 who asks,
I'm a dragon.
Okay.
But I don't know how to summon my special skills.
I can do some things unordinary.
Anyone have ideas?
This is kind of new and also confusing for my age that is.
I can tell you right now that I'm under 21.
Anyone have ideas on what I could do because I'm a dragon?
Please.
Well, this is the age old question of is it a mental thing?
Is there a muscle that you flex?
Is there an incantation?
It's age old questions, you know?
And really it's different strokes for different folks.
Like for me, for me, it's all muscular.
I've had to tone.
I've had to develop.
You've had to kegel?
I've had to kegel my dragon muscles to the point where I can, you know,
execute my unordinary abilities.
But the thing is 21, that's kind of a little late to the game.
You are.
You're getting a late start to learning your Drachen in the old tongue.
Your draconic.
Your draconic abilities.
Because I mean, that's a weird age.
Dragon of Puberty.
Like, I hit mine in middle school.
I was kind of an early bloomer.
You know, some things just hit me in the third age, but it was a long time ago.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
I just become, I just became so terrified because I just realized that dragons have
learned to use the internet and we've lost our one vantage.
The one thing we had that they didn't.
I don't know how to break this to you, but one out of every four people you talk to or
meet on the internet is a dragon.
Holy shit.
Is that a velociraptor noise?
Travis, oh shit.
Travis is one of them.
I didn't know this was a dragon cast.
If dragons aren't using the internet, then explain TMZ.
You can't.
It can't be done.
Made by, made by, gossip by dragons for dragons.
Perez Hilton, half dragon.
What does a dragon keyboard look like?
Do you think it has runes?
I think it has runes.
I think it's very runic.
I think it's made out of, like, lute.
What?
It's made out of what?
It's made out of lute, like dragon lute.
Dragons have hoards, right?
Just full of, like, jewels and gold.
Travis, a lute.
Oh, L-O-O-T, not L-U-T-E.
You think he made several little stringed instruments?
Like, that's what his keyboard was made out of?
I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't.
Like Sting?
Like Sting plays?
Yes.
Sting is a dragon?
Sorry, Travis.
Sorry, I didn't, I didn't mean to, uh...
I'm sending out an SOS of sadness.
Aww, don't be sad.
It's just Sting.
I know.
How do you...
I can't remember how I dealt with the pressure of being a teenage dragon.
I made a Disney movie out of it.
And it was called How to Deal with the Pressure of Being a Teenage Dragon?
Yeah, it wasn't very popular.
Yeah?
Speaking of dragons,
Uh, it's...
We need your fire.
For the Maximum Fun Pledge Drive.
It's pledge week.
We want you to rush, rush My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
Pledge our frat.
Our fraternity of chuckles.
Can we haze our listeners?
I think this is a hazing.
Every week's a hazing here at My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
Uh, so this is our pledge drive for 2011.
Uh, we're gonna talk a little bit about the network and some of the benefits of donating here in a sec.
But first, just to let you know how this works.
There's a network.
It's family.
And like a family,
Daddy's got to get paid.
And so...
And Daddy, in this case, our daddy,
is the Maximum Fun Network.
And you, uh, find folks who enjoy the programming here,
uh, pay for us to make it.
You pay to help us buy, uh, equipment.
You pay to help us run our website.
And you pay to help us host our shows.
And you're paying for it.
I like to think of it like a medieval patronage.
How's that? How's that work?
We're like kept people.
We're like serfs.
Yeah, I was gonna say, I feel kind of serf-ish.
It's more like how the king would want Mozart to write a piece for him.
This is not medieval times, of course, anymore.
So we're like Da Vinci.
We're like Da Vinci, basically.
And this show is like our Sistine Chapel.
We're like Da Vinci, but better at drawings.
Yeah, I think it's an accurate way to put it.
So, Griffin, can you tell them a little bit about, uh,
why they should donate? Why it's so important?
Well, I'm working on this helicopter.
Like kind of a Worley gig helicopter
made out of, uh, parchment and wood framing.
And it's an expensive project.
I want to make a man fly.
Can you help me make a man fly with wood framing?
I'm making parchment wings.
Parchment wings.
Eureka.
We have, donations from listeners is our main, you know, lifeblood.
It's our lifeblood.
It pumps through our veins and gives us strength and energy
to do this thing that we do.
And all the other Maximum Fun podcasts do.
Listen, podcasting is kind of, uh, it's still in its infancy, you know?
It's still fresh. It's still new.
The rule book hasn't been written yet.
Um, and so Maximum Fun, uh, and one of the main reasons we joined Maximum Fun
is because they're doing awesome things.
We're doing awesome things, I guess, because we're part of that family.
But, you know, we cover topics that aren't really covered in other places.
And, you know, we do it in a way that a lot of other forms of programming don't do.
Um, and we fostered this community of, well, we didn't foster.
You know what I'm saying.
Maximum Fun has fostered a community of,
probably the best community on the internet.
I would say, I think that, especially after they fused with my brother,
my brother and me, the Mibimbambinos,
I think that they really, uh, it really is a top flight community.
We gave them that spice, that picante.
With that, like, mmm, what a delicious flavor.
With that last, like, dash of, like, pepper, where you go.
Yeah. Exactly.
You know, it's funny, Griff.
You watch so much stuff on TV and so many movies that is supposed to be funny,
and you think, wow, this doesn't really get me.
You know, this isn't really up my alley.
And then you listen to stuff on Maximum Fun, and it is.
It is sort of, you know, when you find something that you really like,
um, you, you know, you want to support it and show that you're out there listening.
Um, and we need to get that chatter.
What the fuck?
Gotta get that chatter.
You know, it's a cool thing because, I mean,
you can see it in the way that the My Brother, My Brother and Me community
has sort of meshed into the Maximum Fun community,
is that you, it's basically just like a big group of friends.
It's like finding this new big group of friends,
but also that group of friends does, you know, shows.
And they're all, they're friendly shows?
I don't know. I lost my train of thought there.
No, no, you were doing great.
Trev, why don't you tell us, let's get to what people really want to know.
What's in it for me?
What do you get?
Obviously, like the most obvious thing is 44% is banned.
Time to pay up.
Yeah.
Time to pay the piper.
You can, you can alleviate your guilt.
I know your guilt.
I hope that every week you laugh and you feel guilty.
And after this, you can narrow that down.
You can whittle that down to one of those.
And not only that, but now you can laugh and feel superior
to all those people that didn't donate.
And you can start talking about those freeloaders
and like hating on the lower class.
It's pretty awesome.
But also you get tangible gifts.
There's many different levels of donation.
Bust it out, Travis.
Well, for the $2 or $5 a month level of donation,
you get the Max Fund Membership Card
and access to exclusive episodes of JJGO,
My Brother, My Brother and Me, John Hodgman,
and Stop Podcasting Yourself.
So they're all special episodes that you only get access to
if you're a donor.
And also we've done some RIFT movies,
kind of, you know,
hilarious old-timey 1950s instructional videos.
And we did one, Stop Podcasting Yourself did one,
and Jordan did one,
and Jesse, I'm sure, was in there as well.
So there's that.
Those two also get you stickers.
Would that come with the membership card
that you can, you know, apply to Elisa Frank Trapper Keeper?
If people are still, I was an all-star,
or a five-star man,
but I'm sure that the Trapper Keeper is still hot.
You could also apply those stickers to a sleeping friend.
Mm-hmm.
We recorded our special episode yesterday,
our Plus Drive episode, your bonus episode yesterday,
and it is...
Probably the best.
It's a barn burner.
And I would say star-studded.
Yeah, we got some, can we tell them about the stars?
Yeah, please.
Yeah.
Oh, we've got, you want Jordan,
you want Jesse Thorne from Jordan and Jesse Go?
You got him.
Dave Shimka and Graham Clark from Stop Podcasting Yourself?
Yeah, sure, why not?
You want Clint McElroy?
Just toss him in there.
You want Clint McElroy?
Who?
That's right.
Clint McElroy.
McElroy Scion.
You want Clint McElroy?
No problem.
How about John Hodgman?
Yeah, I think you might want to go get that app.
And you can only get it by donating to Maximum Fund Drive
as little as $2 a month.
I know you can afford that.
But if you want to bump it up,
let's say you want to get up to $10,
you say I can afford $10 a month for things I like.
If they want to go to $10?
Yeah, $10 you get a tote bag.
You're gonna get a tote bag.
We would, you can get it for any Maximum Fund show.
There's only one right answer, of course.
We all have our own designs.
Ours was done by Mr. Justin Russo
whose work you're probably familiar with
because it's pretty much the best work on the planet.
Have you guys seen the Constitution of the United States?
He's like Da Vinci's Da Vinci.
Yeah.
He did the layout for the Constitution,
is what I'm saying.
Yeah.
And those tote bags come from the fine people.
Those tote bags are from the fine people at EcoBags.
Thank you so much.
Fine people at EcoBags.
Who did the printing on those?
I believe it was VG Kids.
I've seen their work before.
It's equally exquisite.
So that would be awesome.
If you want to get that tote bag,
and make sure you do request My Brother My Brother Mute tote bag,
it's the best one.
It makes the other ones look like a dookie bag.
That's all I'm saying.
That's all I'm saying.
I don't want to judge them.
You get the Max Fund pack
and the Donors Only episodes with the $10 a month.
Go ahead.
Each of these levels, you get the shit in the last level,
the previous levels as well.
Yeah.
It's just the values.
The value is out of this world.
And then at $20 a month, if you go to $20,
you're going to be a part of the Diamond Friendship Circle.
I'm going to tell you.
$10, you're a friend of the family.
$20, Diamond Friendship Circle.
My knee is bleeding.
I don't know why I mentioned that, but it is happening.
Is it because of all the special feelings you're feeling right now?
I feel so emotional that my knee is bleeding.
That's love.
That's love coming out of your knee.
You're going to get a special Max Fund USB drive.
So cool.
It's made of wood.
How does it keep all the technology inside?
Dryads.
It's a special USB drive made of wood emblazoned with the Rocket to the Stars Max Fund logo.
It's full of Max Fund shows.
You delete them, I don't care.
Wholesale.
I don't care.
Screw you.
Put porn on it.
Do what you like.
Tote bag, got it.
Max Fund pack, you know it.
Dryads.
You put porn in the tote bag.
Exclusive access to donor-only episodes of podcasts and three-year short films.
Yeah, I should say so.
Uh-huh.
We'll tell you about some of the other donation levels here in a bit.
But we really, really could use your help here.
If you want to go to maximumfund.org forward slash donate, you'll see all the different
levels right there.
If you don't have the internet, how the fuck are you listening to this, you wizard?
You silly bitch.
You silly bitch wizard.
I just want to say this really is a really cool way for you guys to invest in the show.
You guys have been nothing but warm and receptive to us since we started.
And this thing just keeps growing.
And we want it to keep growing.
And we could use whatever help you could give us because, yeah, just get involved.
You're going to feel so good if you donate.
And every time you listen to the show or any of the other fine shows on the Max Fund
Network, and you'll know that it's because of you that we can keep doing this awesome
thing that we absolutely love doing.
Think about it like buying stock in My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
Yeah.
And pretty soon you'll be part owner of My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
Minority stake.
We're the Green Bay Packers of podcasts.
Okay.
I like it.
And we're Super Bowl champs.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
I'm the Clay Matthews of audio broadcasting.
I'm the Vince.
And I'm the other one.
I'm the Vince Lombardi of taking it downtown for the three-point goal.
So donate right now.
Don't wait.
Don't hesitate.
Go get on your computer.
I know you have the internet.
Stop playing.
Go to MaximumFun.org.
And get on board.
Moving on.
I met this girl at a party on Saturday, and she asked me for my number.
I requested hers in return.
What is the correct number of days I should wait to call and ask for a date as to not
seem too eager or dismissive?
I love this.
She's really pretty.
Wait.
Forget about the name of this one.
Well, I don't believe in that.
I mean, I don't either.
I don't believe in the waiting period.
And I'll tell you why.
First off, you're not in swingers.
Fuck you.
All right.
I'm sorry.
You're no Vince Vaughn.
You're barely a Jean Favreau.
And even if you are Jean Favreau, you're Jean Favreau and Rudy carrying an extra 50 pounds
or so.
Whoa.
If you like somebody, had a good time, you're going to wake up the next day thinking about
that person.
Guaranteed.
And they're going to wake up the next day maybe thinking about you.
Maybe they're not.
Like, you've got to guarantee.
You've got to close.
You've got to ask for the sale.
You've got to get on the horn and make contact.
I say no waiting.
I don't believe in it.
I think that's a great point.
If you call someone and it's quote too early to call them, newsflash, they weren't that
interested.
If you tell me that you're going to wait three days to call a girl that you were really into,
you're going to have to convince me that you are not going to get hit by a bus tomorrow
because if you can't prove that, then pick up the phone and start dialing.
That's all I'm saying.
Live like you were dying.
And anyone that tells you you should wait, you shouldn't listen to their advice.
Like, that's the kind of thing.
Like, it's just the beginning of like a mind game.
Like, you don't want to do that.
It's stupid.
If you think this person is real pretty and you're actually interested in them, why wait?
Like, it doesn't make any sense.
There are no laws to love.
Throw that rule book out.
Well, there are laws.
There are no laws.
Age limits.
There are no laws when it comes to age of love.
You can't put a legal age on love.
That's what I always say.
Oh, you always say that?
You do.
We have.
We already did that as a society, I think.
Put an age on love.
Just love with reckless abandon.
Within reason.
Definitely.
Yeah.
Nope.
You can't put a reason.
Love ain't got no reason.
Well, I don't know.
Love don't cost a thing.
I learned that from an American idol who's Jennifer Lopez.
Don't need money.
Don't need money.
Don't need fame.
Don't need fame.
What about credit?
What about credit?
I'm almost certain.
Where are we at on credit cards?
You can ride this train without any form of credit or debit card.
Incidentally, a credit or debit card is a perfect way to donate to Maximum Fund.
If you just want to go ahead to Maximum Fund.org, forward slash donate right now.
You can just get it.
I want to throw out just in case this wasn't implied, you should wait at least 12 hours.
Before donating?
No, before calling.
If you get her number, do not call her on the way home.
Yeah, that's weird.
Hey, listen.
Excitement is one thing.
Stalker is another.
Let's make this more relevant for the now generation.
You don't tweet them.
Yeah, it's Facebook.
What's the ruling on Facebook sending a Facebook friend request?
Because I always feel weird.
No.
I'll meet somebody and be like, you seem like a cool person I can be friends with.
But if I Facebook them as soon as I get home, I'm going to seem like a fucking weirdo that
was like, I can't wait to put you in my collection.
Here's what you need to be aware.
If she's giving you her number and then you Facebook friend request her, you're taking
a step back.
You've already got the number.
You need to move forward.
Also, you shouldn't text her until you call her first.
And if you do tweet, make sure you remove the location, especially if it is in her bushes.
That's really important.
Where is this coming from?
This tweet is coming from my bushes outside.
This tweet is coming from inside the house.
It's coming from inside the house.
He's tweeting.
Is that a Marcus shaped topiary?
Nope.
Nope.
Marcus is in my bushes.
It's just Big M stalking again.
Lately, I've noticed something.
My girlfriend's unable to keep quiet when we're trying to indulge in any sort of recording
media.
Even when it's something we're both interested in, movies, podcasts, TV shows, etc.
I can count on it being interrupted by a story that lasts forever.
I'm the kind of guy that likes to catch every second of what I'm watching or listening to.
I've given up listening to your show when we're together because I'll hear an explosion of laughter from Travis and have no idea what I just missed.
What's the most what I just missed?
That's what I said.
That's what he typed, I swear.
What's the most polite way to say shut up?
Talked out in Toronto.
Hey, dog, there's not.
You just got to pick and choose your media, my friend.
If you want to end your relationship real quick, the best thing to do is as soon as she starts talking,
pause whatever you're listening to or watching, let go of a deep sigh and turn towards her and go, no, please go on.
Oh, God.
That's brutal.
That is really brutal.
Yeah.
Or you could also get also in that relationship right quick just by saying shut up.
Shut up.
Shut up.
Shut up.
Miet.
Miet.
Miet.
Miet.
Just keep saying that till she stops.
She'll get the message.
I think the best way to deal with this is to, before you indulge in the recorded media, talk her out.
Just let her get it all out.
Let her hear about everything that's been going on in your life, in her life.
So she feels that like sated.
She's obviously got a need to connect with you.
And you know what, there are some shows that you can be sort of understanding about this with.
Like Sydney and I have shows that we watch, that we watch-watch.
But there are other shows that we like to watch just because it kind of starts conversations.
And you can talk, you know, like we don't sit there mum while we watch.
Sister Wives.
Sister Wives or Top Model.
Top Sister Wives?
Top Sister Wives.
I'm the best sister wife there is.
Yeah.
Ezekiel's next top sister wife.
I think we can all agree that Robin is the clear winner this season.
Yeah, she is.
She's a beautiful, homely, strong woman.
I think it's Omarosa.
She's back on TV.
She is on everything.
Man, I love New York.
And she is doing a great job on Ezekiel's next top sister wife.
So let me give you this.
Pick your battles.
I'm going to give you some Zen advice.
Uh oh.
Yeah.
In this modern age of technology, that's what TiVo is for.
It's what pause and stop buttons are for.
And like there is nothing in this world that's so important that you need to tell her to shut up.
You can rewatch something.
You can catch a rerun of it.
You can listen to it again.
Or if it's a podcast, you could delete it and then download it again just several times until you get your fill of it.
Just keep deleting and downloading our podcast.
Because that's good for our numbers.
And it's good for your love life.
Well, it's good for our numbers.
Do you think that she talked during the finale of Lost?
Because fuck that noise.
Oh, then you throw her out a window.
Yeah, it's got to have limits.
Hey, where's Debbie?
Oh, Debbie?
I threw her out a window.
She talked during the finale of Lost and I threw her out a window.
We live on the first floor, but she still went away.
No court will convict you for that crime.
There's not a court in America.
Not a court in the land.
There's not a court in the land that would bust you for that.
Griffin, I need a Yahoo answer.
It's pretty important.
Sure.
Let me see if I can do something for you in that department.
Okay.
This one was sent in by OurGayHeart.
Thank you, OurGayHeart.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Alexis who asks,
What should I call my boyfriend?
My boyfriend and I joke around and call each other by fun pet names like Chump and Punk.
What are some names I could call him, or what have you called boyfriends or girlfriends?
I usually call my girlfriends Chump or Punk, so I'm fresh out of solutions.
You could combine it and just call him Chunk.
Yeah, or Pump.
Sydney and Chunkpump.
Sydney is an encomadont.
Is that normal?
Is that okay?
This is my girlfriend Chunkpump.
I love her very much.
She's very sweet.
This is my girlfriend The Captain.
I really love her very much.
She's a real sweetheart.
Chunkpump makes me think of the old-timey way that pioneers used to get creamed corn up out of the ground.
Got a deep vein here.
This is a nice vein.
It's rich.
Let me get out my creamed corn dowsing machine.
It's made of creamed corn.
I hold a scoop of creamed corn in my left hand and it leads me home.
More creamed corn.
I think we can find some elucidation in the answers that have been provided.
Okay.
That's good.
I have answers user PB responded, names I've called him sap, sweet boy, his middle name Dumbo, loser or just L.
Is his middle name Dumbo?
Reginald Dumbo Bevans.
Killer.
Cop boy or his occupation hyphen boy.
Unemployed boy.
Hey, cop boy.
Hey, count boy.
Get over here and have some sex.
Taco Bell cashier boy.
I need you.
Cutie.
Nuts.
Wiener.
Tiger.
Slug.
Sloth.
Hey, wiener tiger.
Penis.
Hey, slug cop boy.
Hey, sluggo.
Come on over here.
Names he has called me.
Baby.
My initials PB.
Lover.
Restraining order.
Lover.
Baby dolly.
Blonde dumbo.
Hey.
Hey, blonde dumbo.
Hey, blonde dumbo over here.
You fly over here with your big ears.
The zebra cake ain't gonna open itself.
Angel.
Goodie.
Kitty.
As in here kitty kitty.
You had to clarify that one?
Gross.
And my favorite.
Darling.
I'm pretty sure that your boyfriend likes you more than you like him.
Answer.
Lover.
Baby dolly.
Blonde dumbo.
Hey.
Hey, blonde dumbo.
Blonde dumbo over here.
You fly over here with your big ears.
The zebra cake ain't gonna open itself.
Angel.
Goodie.
Kitty.
As in here kitty kitty.
Angel.
Kitty kitty.
Answer.
You call your, you basically call your boyfriend.
I'm just, there are so many in the answers I'm not gonna say who gave them.
The worst.
Just the worst things you can come up with.
Punk chunk.
Punkin' chunkin'.
And he seems really into you.
Except for blonde dumbo, that seems a little out of line.
Well yeah, it's a little mean.
Anastasia responded.
Mr. Sweetsiepoo.
Lovie snookums.
Cuddlykins.
Huggy bear.
Love muffin.
Snuggly pie.
Boo boo bear.
Bon bon sugar lips.
Hi, I'm Bon Bon Sugar Lips.
I'm Professor Bon Bon Sugar Lips.
I'm Bon Bon Bon Sugar Lips.
The next thing is the best thing I've ever read.
Badoodly kitten.
What?
Badoodly kitten?
Say that one more time.
Badoodly kitten.
Can I get one more?
Just take me to the bridge?
A Badoodly kitten.
That would be B apostrophe D oodly kitten.
I didn't know that we could just like say sounds and like mash them together.
Like bequonja.
Like bequonja?
Like that's...
Badoodly kitten.
Badoodly kitten.
Kissy kissy sweetheart.
Love and lovey poo.
Sexy yum yum cupcake.
Badoodly kitten.
Badoodly kitten.
Sweetie kins.
These are starting to sound like the names of like really bad Japanese anime.
Sweetie yum yum cakes.
It was sexy yum yum cupcake, which...
Excuse me.
Probably sounds...
Excuse me.
Pardon me.
Yeah.
That's it.
Badoodly...
Sweetie pie cutie cake was your last girlfriend.
I know.
I know what you've been doing behind my back.
Don't you confuse me with her.
I'm not your Badoodly cake anymore.
I don't think I've ever been in any relationship where I had nor distributed pet names.
Really?
I don't think you should have more than like two.
Then it just becomes like a game and kind of stupid.
A little stupid.
Justin, you sounded surprised by my assertion.
Do you and your wife have...
Well I think employing pet names is fine.
I think assigning them is probably a little much.
Because I'm sitting here having a memento sort of flashback moment, I'm realizing that
my wife has, to my knowledge, never employed a pet name when speaking of me.
So maybe I'm off base or maybe this is a one-sided type thing.
But you have one for her?
Are you going to keep it secret like a power word?
I don't have like a specific pet name for her.
Okay.
You yell down the stairs at her.
What?
I don't know.
Just Honey or Sweetie.
You know different malleable nouns?
Like I'll just swap one of those in.
It doesn't really matter.
Here's an action item for this week.
I want you to only refer to your wife by one of the names I've mentioned in this line
of questioning.
May I recommend Badoodly Kitten?
Perhaps Badoodly Kitten.
Maybe Kissy Kissy Sweetheart.
I think it's going to work out really well.
Sexy Yum Yum Cupcake.
That was my last girlfriend.
So you know we've been having a lot of fun here.
And I know that when I am having a lot of fun, what I always think is, I wish I could
pay for this.
The good news is, you can.
This is Pledge Week for maximum fun.
And we are, we wanted to go over some of the other donation levels, but I wanted to thank
you in advance.
And just record, if you haven't donated yet, just go ahead and skip this and then come
on back.
But thank you in advance for donating.
Because it's not just for us.
We're part of a family here.
And we use this money for a lot of really cool stuff.
We're going to use it for, you know, goes to meetups is something that your money goes
towards.
Helping us get together with you guys.
It goes, like we've said before, to hosting fees, to pay artists who help create stuff
with us.
Things like merchandise.
Merchandise, yeah.
I mean, it's a really positive way to spend your money.
Because what maximum fun puts into the world is goodness.
It's unadulterated joy.
Just pleasure.
You're donating to the creation of pleasure.
And if there's a finer way to spend your money, I haven't heard about it.
And if there's a finer level for you to donate at than $35 per month.
There are many higher levels.
These rewards.
I mean, there are.
But there are.
But the rewards for $35 per month is Griffin.
Hit me with it.
It's almost it's on.
I feel like I'm in some sort of dream state.
I've been in a dream state since I first saw it because it's too incredible to be real.
Judge John Hodgman's post apocalyptic justice squad friend of the show.
John Hodgman.
I feel like I need to make that sound.
Yeah.
Can you make it one more time?
Can you step down a little bit?
Awesome.
So what do you get?
You get Judge John Hodgman's and Maximal Fund's completely collectible, completely proprietary
nerd emergency kit.
What's in an emergency kit?
That felt good to say.
I would say the centerpiece, the cornucopia in the middle of your Thanksgiving dinner
table is an Eton self-powered AM FM weather radio with flashlight, a solar USB power station
for your phone.
And that's it.
I kept adding on to that sentence like there was something else on it.
How much more shit do you need?
It's a radio that gets AM FM and weather band.
It charges both solarly and with a crank and has a flashlight on it and a USB power station
for your phone.
If your shit, if Earth's shit gets fucked, like in 2012, if we experience a 2012 scenario,
everyone who doesn't donate $35 per month is going to die on Earth.
I'm sorry, $10 and $20 and $2 and $5, like you guys are great.
Good job.
Thanks for all that.
But you're fucking dead.
You're fucking dead.
You're in heaven.
You're dead.
You didn't go to heaven though, unless the people who paid nothing went to hell.
That's just religion 101.
$2, $5, $10, $20, heaven.
$35.
So don't even fret about heaven or hell yet because you've got a long, long time left
to live because you have this sweet ass emergency kit that will keep you alive forever.
Until the vegetables die out.
Then it's like every man for himself.
Another awesome thing about that radio is it comes with the Red Cross logo emblazoned
across it because every portion of what you donate goes to help the Red Cross in, you
know, those-
You're donating-
Catastrophied countries.
To joy, both here and abroad.
The Maximum Fun USB drive is also in there.
You're going to get a really cool book called Role Models by Mr. John Waters.
He was very, very kind to let us include this book in the nerd emergency kit.
Okay.
We're not even done yet.
We're not even done yet.
This is the craziest thing.
You ready?
There's so much more shit.
This is what I'm really excited about.
Oh.
There's a credit card survival tool that's a can opener, knife edge, screwdriver ruler,
tap opener, four position wrench, butterfly wrench, saw blade, direction ancillary indication,
and a lanyard hole.
You get a saw blade?
A saw blade and a saw blade.
Yeah.
Both of those things are in it.
Pad of graph paper?
Sure.
A mechanical pencil?
Why wouldn't you?
White surgical tape?
Don't mind if I do.
Wait, what would that be for?
20-sided die?
What?
What's the white surgical tape?
For taping up your glasses.
This is the best kit ever.
A 20-sided die?
Sure.
Let's have some fun.
A 20-sided die only rolls 20s.
Nothing but critical hits for you and your friends.
Dinosaur band-aids, astronaut ice cream, powdered tang, and you're going to get the eco bags,
tote bag, and the access to all the shows.
And the stickers in the membership card.
And the stickers in the membership.
Holy shit, guys.
$35 a month.
I feel like you should include extra money in there just for how great that is.
This year alone, I have bought, piecemeal, an Eton self-powered AM-FM weatherband radio
with all that chargey shit, and a USB drive, and that book, and that tool, and some paper,
and a mechanical pencil, and white surgical tape, and a 20-sided die, and dinosaur band-aids,
and astronaut ice cream, and powdered tang.
You know how much it cost me altogether?
How much?
$400,000.
Griffin is so deeply in debt, and there's only one way to get him out, and that's to
go to MaximumFund.org forward slash donate.
You can't argue the value of this fucking near-emergency kit.
It will blow your face off with value.
And pledge right now, do not hesitate, because we need it now.
Griffin's so broke.
I am so, so, so broke.
They're coming.
They're coming for him.
Why did he buy so many astronaut ice creams?
That's the question.
Also, this is worth mentioning, for the first year, Maximum Fund has switched its donation
method off PayPal, because PayPal had it snoot so deep in the tiller.
PayPal was cutting a lot, a significant amount of money out of your donations.
Not no mo.
We have a new donation system, so I think it's basically 99.99% of all the money you
donate goes to Maximum Fund, and goes to supporting great shows like us, and Jordan and Jesse
Goh, and Judge John Hodgman, and Stop Podcasting Yourself, and Sound of Young America.
We need your help to stay alive, because you guys are the only source of revenue that the
Maximum Fund network has.
So please help.
Well, that's not true.
Well, you're pretty much, you're 99.99%.
Again with these numbers that I think you're just making up.
Also, there are challenge donors, which are people who have donated, who have agreed to
donate a certain amount of money for every new donor that Maximum Fund gets.
So your donation is basically a double donation.
The final tally for challenge donations is $5.66 and a half cents.
I'm going to meet that guy who donated 1.5 cents, and I'm going to high-five him someday.
He's the coolest guy ever.
So for every donation, your donation also nets Maximum Fund an additional $5.66 and
a half cents.
So there's double incentive for you to give.
So go donate, because you're going to feel so great, and we're going to feel so great,
because we can keep growing, and keep expanding, and keep this show floating.
Making you laugh.
Keep bringing you joy.
Pleasure, I would say.
We want to please you.
We want to touch your deepest pleasure centers.
Listen, guys, I have trouble waking up in the morning, but especially on weekends.
Recently I woke up at nine, which is when my alarm was set, and went back to sleep.
I woke up later at three in the afternoon, meaning a good portion of my day was already
gone.
Oh, man.
Wow.
That sucks.
I don't really have this problem on weekdays when I have school, but it happens nearly
every Saturday and Sunday.
What can I do to help myself wake up earlier?
I have a suggestion.
What?
Get in a really bad car accident, or fall down a manhole, or almost drown, or get in
a plane that almost crashes.
You got to come face-to-face with your own mortality, Neil, and only then will you realize
how precious every second you spend on this earth is.
Wow.
Griffin, that's beautiful.
Just like the movie Fearless.
If Fearless was a podcast, it would be My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
You have two options.
You come face-to-face with your own mortality, or you buy one of those CD players that will
start playing a certain track at a certain time, and just reach into your bag of Black
Eyed Peas CDs and put in any one that you want, because there is not a track on there
that won't wake you up.
Boom, boom, boom.
You skewed off there.
Boom, boom, boom.
Yeah.
I thought you were really on point, and then that happened.
I keep on copping my swagger.
Oops.
I'm awake.
Neil, I'm worried about you, because waking up at nine, and then falling back to sleep,
and accidentally sleeping for another six hours.
That's a whole sleep.
You sleep twice.
You had a whole nother night's sleep.
What time did you go to bed?
Did you go to sleep at 8.30, and wake up at nine, and then sleep for another six hours?
Hi, I'm Koma Neil.
I don't know if we've met, but I go into Komas sometimes.
Maybe you should just get up and go to school.
I mean, I know it's Saturday, but just go to your school and sit there.
Maybe you'll be up, at least.
I bet you'll meet some interesting people.
You know what I do, because I really like snoozing, but what I do is, as soon as my
alarm goes off, don't even think about it.
Just sit straight up in bed.
If you lay there for a minute, and let the alarm go, and think about it, you're going
to talk yourself into hitting the snooze button or turning off the alarm.
But if you just spring up out of bed, you're up.
You're good.
Just get going.
Don't lay there.
Another good one is to put your alarm clock on the other side of the room.
Don't put it right next to you.
Put it on the other side of the room.
Because then you're up and out of bed.
And once you're out of bed, half the battle is already won.
Maybe Neil's got a tiny Chicago bedroom where it's impossible to put your alarm clock at
a place you can't reach while supine.
Well then, if you have a phone and an alarm clock, set your alarm clock and then set the
alarm on your phone for one minute later.
And then tape them both to the ceiling.
And then put them in your roommate's room.
I still say, Neil, guess what?
You're gonna die.
Hey, Neil?
You're gonna die.
It might be today, it might be tomorrow, it might, no, it's probably today or tomorrow.
It's definitely this weekend.
I'd get out there.
Every second counts.
One hundred twenty seven hours.
Every second counts.
Shatner says start living like you're gonna die because you're gonna.
So think about it.
That's what Shatner says.
That's from Bill Shatner, founder of the Black Eyed Peas.
I got a feeling that tonight you're gonna be dead.
Yeah, I got a feeling you're dying tonight.
Griffin, Yahoo Answers, I need a taste, I need a sliver, I need a slice, I need a chunk.
Okay, I actually, I have something.
It's not a Yahoo Answer.
I'm flipping this, I'm flipping the script right on its ear.
I mean, we're on the topic of death, which is serious and, and, and, you know, it's hard
to deal with.
But sexy.
Serious but sexy.
Kind of sexy, but it's, it's hard to wrap the old noodle around.
Oh yeah.
So this, this topic, I guess is the best thing to call it, was sent in by Uber Anthony.
Thanks Uber Anthony.
It's an eHow article, which I'm sure you all know is the world's leading source of, of
information.
It's, it's by eHow contributor Nancy Hendrickson, who has pinned an article, a helpful article
titled How to Talk to Dead People in Dreams.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
The difficulty of this article is moderately challenging, which is if you're looking for
an easier nighttime activity, maybe go find something else, uh, because this is moderately
challenging.
This is not like a relaxing way, uh, to your stroll through the park talking to dead people.
This is like really getting in there and getting it.
Thanks to the popularity of psychics such as John Edwards and Lisa Williams, more and more
people are interested in communicating with the dead.
You can spend years in training to become as accomplished as professionals, or you can
use your own dreams as a way of communicating with loved ones who are no longer on the earth
plane.
Hmm.
The earth plane, got it.
Prepare your sleep space to begin your quest to communicate with the dead via dreams.
Your bedroom shouldn't be dark and without the possibility of interruption.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
You mean before I go to sleep, it should be dark and shouldn't be interrupted?
Yeah.
Go on.
I'm listening.
Hey, Tommy, what you doing?
Hey.
Shhh.
Fuck, I'm trying to talk to my peepums.
Please leave me.
Let me pee.
Play relaxing meditation music if it helps you, uh, relax quickly into a dream state.
If you choose to play music, be certain that the music has no dramatic spikes in sound
or intensity, as these may wake you up.
We suggest black-eyed peas.
Play black-eyed peas backwards and you'll fall right asleep.
See, I used to listen to the soundtrack to Carl Sagan's Cosmos, uh, but I can't do it
anymore because once it gets to Mars, it's like, oh shit, like I'm up now.
Oh, got them up.
I'm up.
I was talking to peepums about the great war.
Place a dream journal pin and nightlight next to your bed.
Date the journal entry and create a list of questions or topics you hope to discuss in
your dream.
The purpose of this exercise is simply to set your intent, the intent being clear communication
with a specific person who has passed from the living to the world of spirit.
Oh, God.
Is spirit an acronym for something?
The way you said it made it sound like it's like S dot P dot I dot R dot I dot.
Super pathetic internal REM cycle inside Timothy.
Timothy!
It's inside Timothy.
You have to be inside Timothy for this exercise.
I'm a member of spirit.
Maybe you are the world's most prolific crime fighting team slash dead people talker tours.
This is my boss, your peepums.
This part, oh my fuck, you guys, this step is so important.
Say a simple prayer of protection before drifting off to sleep and ask the person with whom
you wish to communicate to appear in your dreams.
Be open to receiving communications in varying ways.
For example, your dream may be filled with a conversation with a dead person or the dream
may be filled with images, colors, or symbols.
I had this dream where I ate a giant sandwich.
What do you think Hitler was trying to tell me?
It was very colorful, the sandwich, and symbolic in a way.
As an example, the dead person may say to you, I can't get through to your mother.
She isn't picking up the phone.
Let me try that again.
Could you try her for me?
Maybe send her a text.
Let me try again.
As an example, the dead person may say to you, I can't get through to your mother.
She isn't picking up the phone.
Obviously there is no spirit phone, you dumb fuck.
You dumb shit.
Hey, dummy.
How far do you think this extends?
But it's the dead person's way of saying that they're coming to you because the other person
isn't open to communicating with the dead.
And rather than say that, they brought up the complicated idea of a phone.
Travis, listen.
There's imagery, there's colors, and there's symbols.
The spirit phone is a symbol.
Your mom-moms don't talk to ghosts.
Tell your mom to stop being such a prudish bitch.
I'm trying to get your noodle.
If I have a dream in which I'm in Pee-wee's Playhouse and all of the talking furniture
sounds like Charles Nelson Riley, what's going on?
Ghost of Charles Nelson Riley.
Is he still alive?
He's in Paul Reuben's house.
He's buried underneath Paul Reuben's house.
Paul Reuben killed Charles Nelson Riley.
Everybody knows that.
Buried him in the cellar.
Yeah.
And now he makes the corpses of Charles Nelson Riley watch him eat dinner.
It's a really weird arrangement they have.
Mystery solved.
Mystery solved.
It would have gotten away if it weren't for us meddling kids.
Guys, listen.
I don't think Paul Reuben's killed Charles Nelson Riley.
He probably didn't.
Not yet.
Not yet.
Is that liable?
No.
I just said he didn't.
It's cool.
Yeah.
It's only if you express doubt in your assertion is it not liable.
So I'm going to say with 100% certainty that Paul Reuben's killed Charles Nelson Riley.
That's definitely true.
I believe it.
And I have facts to back it up.
Listen.
Give yourself the opportunity to develop this new communication vehicle.
As they say, Rome wasn't built in a day.
Like all new things, communicating with the dead in dreams takes practice.
You don't believe it?
Ask Julius Caesar.
How do you get to Carnegie Hall?
Dead people.
Practice.
Practice.
Talk to dead Mozart.
He'll give you tips.
He'll give you pro tips.
I'm going to try this tonight.
I don't know about you guys, but I'm ready to start developing this communication vehicle.
If you, I'm already doing it every night, but it is yet to work out for me.
Who are you chatting up in the dream space?
Oh, Rock Hudson.
Really?
Yeah.
I asked him if he had any other secrets.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
You know who I talked to is Betty White.
Now, stay with me.
She's actually been a hologram for the past couple years.
Holy shit!
Yeah, I know.
That was good.
Because human beings can't be that sexy.
Here's a fact.
This is a stone fact.
If you search for eHow Moderately Challenging to try to find other tasks that are of the
same difficulty level, here are the top three.
How to become a journalist, how to become a screenplay consultant, and how to overcome
an octopus phobia.
Those are the top three.
But aren't those three things basically the same?
I ran a screenplay about the news story about how I overcame my fear of octopi.
Guys, listen.
I'm a journalist.
That's my job.
I can talk to dead people in dreams.
And I know a shit ton about screenplays and their submission.
I am scared fuckless of cephalopods.
Get him out of here!
Can't overcome it.
You'd think.
You'd think my skill level of Moderately Challenging would enable me to overcome that.
I can't even play with Nerf guns because those suction tips remind me of the cold, slimy
feelers of a cephalopod that just wants to drag me down to the briny deep.
Man, I...
Oh, eHowl.
Maybe, maybe that's a new vein for us to tap.
I don't know.
Maybe.
Well, everybody, keep your eyes out on that.
I have a problem when it comes to girls.
Seems I lose interest after I get a girl to like me.
It's almost as if I'm addicted to the thrill of the chase.
This really sucks because I've missed out on being with some really nice girls.
Any advice?
Storm spring.
You're gay.
No way.
Hold on.
Now, wait.
What if he's gay?
What if he dislikes winning girls over and then he realizes like, I'm not that into it
because I'm a little...
I'm kind of gay.
Maybe.
Is that possible?
I think it's...
I mean, anything's possible in this big blue world.
I'm fucking storyboarding this one, Griffin.
I'm just asking if it's possible.
I think you're waterboarding this one.
I've known guys like you, Chase.
Is that his name?
Yeah.
And that is now.
Yeah.
Chase is actually what he was doing.
He had the thrill of...
But if we can just call him Chase.
Okay.
No, and then he could refer to himself as the thrill of the chase.
Lady, are you really ready to experience the thrill of the chase for the next three
to four days of your life?
We have to have at least one listener named Chase.
And if that's your name, congratulations, we just gave you the best pickup line ever.
Yeah.
I would say that anyone who...
The way you describe this whole situation, granted it's three short sentences, but you
say you missed out on being with some really nice girls and you're just interested in the
thrill of the chase.
It doesn't sound like you're really interested in these girls.
You're interested in their interest in you.
So maybe you need to slow your roll and be a little bit more choosy about the women that
you pursue and not just go for...
Yeah.
I think that maybe you need to take a break from that whole situation.
Maybe you need to take a break from...
Chase listen.
Chase listen.
Come kick it with me in my lady siesta.
Now there's definitely a point at which that sort of falls off.
You think like, okay, I'm not going to do that anymore.
Yeah, sure.
I guess that turns into like a lady coma, a lady shipwrecked, a marooned on an island
by herself with no survival skills and no hatchet with which to fashion...
Man, you guys remember that book Hatchet?
I feel like you're changing the subject, but yes.
Have you guys ever read Hatchet by, what's his name, Paul Rubens?
Rubens.
Hatchet, the story of how I chopped up Charles Nelson Riley, an erotic adventure, a Goosebumps
classic.
He actually used a credit card survival tool to chop up Paul Rubens.
Gary Paulson was his name.
But you know what?
He's a donor, so he's still going to heaven.
So basically Paul Rubens killed Charles Nelson.
Is that the supposition we're working under?
Yep.
It's not a supposition.
It's a 100% stone cold fact.
Oh, because the libel worry.
I gotcha.
Listen, we've had a lot of fun here today.
You always start with that.
What?
I mean, people know how much fun they're having.
I find I don't really enjoy things unless people tell me that I'm enjoying them.
You're having a great time right now.
That's how I learned how to eat kale.
People just told me like, this is delicious, and eventually I bought it because I'm a sucker
that way.
Hey, and if you're a sucker, why not give us some of your money?
We've talked to you about the amazing $35 donation level for Maximum Fund.
You're helping all these great shows, and you're helping us out.
We haven't really hit home yet, and it's what I really want to hit home this break, is that
we need you guys for us to look good.
We need you to donate and tell them that you're a Maximum Fund, you're an NBNB AM listener
because we want to bring you guys into the fold.
We want our new overlords, our new family to think that we're a valuable contributing
member of the team, so we need you.
Listen.
We're relying on you.
This is our first year on Maximum Fund.
It's also Judge John Hodgman's first year on Maximum Fund, and he's like wicked famous.
He was on Battlestar Galactica.
I don't know if you guys know that.
He was kind of on Battlestar Galactica, and you know.
I wasn't.
I don't know if you guys were.
I have seen Battlestar Galactica.
I was, but they cut the scene.
That's this fucking industry, man.
I know.
Anyway, it's both our first years.
The pressure's kind of high for both of us.
We need to crush him.
We want to take him apart.
He was super nice and gave us a question.
A real sweetheart.
He was a real sweetheart and gave us a question for our Donors Only episode, but we want to
destroy him.
We want to destroy him.
Yeah, we want to disembowel him.
We want to make him tear up.
Now if you want to make it count, if you want to go deep, you want to say, like, I want
to crush John Hodgman in an authoritative way.
Not like in the wimpy way that some of these other people.
You can get hectic on it.
We have three other donation levels for $50 a month.
You're going to be part of the Thorn family Blondie Brigade.
You OK, Jesse and Theresa Thorn, sweethearts, future parents will bake you a homemade batch
of their signature blondies and FedEx them to your door.
What can you imagine how delicious that tastes?
You know, it tastes like generosity.
Maybe throw him in the microwave first to get him soft and moist again.
Or are these I've heard story I've heard tell of the Thorns cooking prowess.
Do you think they've discovered some sort of ever gooey, some sort of ever gooey, you
know, formula?
They probably just don't call them ever gooey blondies because it's the worst, the grossest
thing you could say.
But you're also going to get the nerd emergency kit, which is amazing, as we've already covered.
You're going to get a USB drive with all our shows.
You're going to get the Eton self-powered AM FM weather radio.
That's probably that nerd emergency kit.
You're going to get roll models by John Waters.
You're going to get an eco bags tote bag with my brother, my brother and me.
Really cool art emblazoned on it.
It's probably at Maximumfun.org right now if you want to go look at it and we'll tweet
it and stuff like that.
But it's a great Justin Rousseau design.
He really outdid himself.
It's also worth mentioning that these blondies, they have a half-life of 65 years.
So they're going to, they're going to go with you into the apocalypse with the nerd emergency
kit and they'll, they're rich in nutrients and flavors.
So they'll sustain you for, if you're rich in nutrients and also money, you can be one
of Jesse's golden eagles for a hundred dollars a month.
That will net you all the things we've talked about before, plus homemade blondie delivery,
an emergency kit, Max Fun Drive tote bag, Max Fun Pack with the stickers, exclusive
access to all these episodes and an invitation to the Max Fun Dinner, which is a special
dinner the night before Max Fun Con with staff performers and friends of Max Fun Con.
If you can't make it, Jesse will personally take you to lunch when you're in LA.
So go to LA, Jesse will take you to lunch.
It'll be a lot of fun.
For $200 a month, that's the biggie.
That's the big guy.
Jordan's platinum angels.
Pre-registration at the next Max Fun Con.
Come to the dinner, going to get the blondies, new emergency kit, USB drive tote bag, Max
Fun Pack exclusive X episode to all the podcasts.
I know that not everybody is going to be able to give $200 a month.
Like I wish I had $200 a month to donate.
I don't.
But if you have been with us over this past year, you've enjoyed the show and you're looking
for a way to support us in what we're doing and support some of the great Max Fun shows.
I think if you can't do, you know, you can't maybe do $200, maybe you can do $50.
Maybe you can do $35 and get that amazing nerd emergency kit.
$20 a month.
You know, the diamond friendship circle.
Just think about what the kind of entertainment you're getting from our show and the other
shows and what it's been worth to you.
Justin, may I say something?
No.
Okay.
People.
Oh shit.
Shit's about to get real.
This is going to be real.
I can't lie.
I love you.
Oh man.
Yeah.
There it is.
I said it.
I love you.
Are you in love with them?
I may be.
I may be.
They're pretty wonderful people.
And as I look out upon you people, imaginarily in front of me, I see some beautiful faces
out there.
Some average faces, but no ugly faces, so good work.
And I would like to look each one of you in the eye in my imagination and say, the bills
come due.
Some of this money goes to pay the staff of Maximum Fund, which does include your friends
at My Brother and Me.
Last night, I put on a suit and I went and ate a steak and I brought a flask of whiskey
and poured out half of my Diet Coke and filled the rest up with whiskey.
This sounds like a classy evening.
What could possibly-
And went and saw Drive Angry 3D.
That's what I do with my money.
You don't want to support that?
Fuck you.
Justin, I think you meant to say Drive Angry shot in 3D.
Drive Angry, shot in 3D.
That's what we're doing.
And I need your cash to do that.
Nicolas Cage doesn't pay himself.
This is an ecosystem you're supporting here.
It's not just me.
It's not just about us.
It's about the family.
Do you know how much it costs to maintain my collection of baby ducks?
Why would you-
Jesus Christ.
He has to kill them, first of all, when they turn one.
Well, yeah.
Thanks.
That's what I'm saying.
And then to replenish, like it's a constant stream of baby ducks and baby duck corpses
out one door.
It's terrible.
I'm going to tell you the most exciting part.
If you flash your Maximum Fun membership card at any of us, that comes in the Maximum Fun
pack that is at any donation level, you are owed a hug from any of the three of us, all
three of us, however you want to break it down.
We'll give you a hug.
If we're all three there, yeah, we can do like a triangle hug if all three of us are
present.
Yeah.
There's no touching.
We just, we cover you in our energies.
Yeah.
Just get our energy.
Get our chakras up in you.
But if you flash your card, we will give you a hug.
The best fucking hug I've ever received.
Also, you earn the rights, like the massive, massive Twitter bragging rights.
You get to go on Twitter and lord it over every other My Brother, My Brother and Me
fan that you have donated and they have not.
Make sure you do.
Make sure you flaunt it because we want to know who the real heroes are, the real special
people.
And I'm sure we'll be retweeting those as people donate and helping to spread the word
there.
And if you know a buddy has it donated, get on them.
Say hey jerk.
Hey dummy.
Jerk wad.
Hey stupid.
Hey Chunk Pump.
Hey Chunk Pump.
How about putting up some dough?
Just go to MaximumFun.org right now.
Don't wait.
Slash donate.
Slash donate.
And pledge.
Pledge what you can.
And you have no idea how much we appreciate it.
It really means a lot to us.
And you're going to get some really cool, some really cool gifts.
I actually asked Jesse if it's okay if I, or if it's weird if I donate because I want
the, I want the Postalumdian Justice Squad kit.
And I want to try his blondies.
What's so weird about that?
There's nothing weird about it.
I mean when I said it just now.
I want a membership card so that I can finally get a hug from my brothers.
One more thing.
One of the coolest parts about us joining Maximum Fun, or for me, one of the coolest
things that happened was when we joined up and a lot of people in the Maximum Fun community
said this is so awesome because I already listened to this show before I joined the
Maximum Fun.
And this is just kind of a reaffirmation that Maximum Fun knows what I like.
Knows how I do.
And to those people and the people who are already Maximum Fun donors, like thank you
a fuck ton.
Thank you so very, very much.
Maybe you want to bump it up this year.
I've seen a few people on the forums talking about kicking it up to Notches Unknown.
Well I guess the Notches are pretty well established.
But if you want to do that, that would be absolutely incredible because our family is
getting bigger.
You know?
We've got more responsibilities.
Both figuratively.
Yeah.
All you've got to do.
We can wait.
We won't be funny for the next 30 seconds as you go to Maximum Fun dot org.
That's the site.
Maximum Fun dot org.
You click, you see a button there that says donate.
Or you can just skip it.
Skip the rigamarole.
Go to Maximum Fun dot org forward slash donate.
And make sure you tell them we sent you.
And seriously, it means so much to us.
Also if you have an old donation in the PayPal system, go to that page too so you can get
a new, you know, get on this new system and email Teresa at Maximum Fun dot org and she
can get rid of your old subscription.
And email PayPal a picture of you just farting.
Like farting out of your butthole.
And say this is you.
Yeah.
Have an arrow pointing to your fart and have it say this is you PayPal.
Because PayPal is a fart.
You're really turning this from like a pledge show into like an anti-Paypal show, I feel
like.
PayPal banned my account.
And that's true.
PayPal once banned my account because I bought some Pokemon cards.
Oh good.
Oh no, no.
I'm sorry.
I sold some Pokemon cards and I didn't pay like the eBay fee or whatever.
Because that's some bullshit.
I'm not going to pay eBay to sell my shit.
And they shut my account right down.
There's a hologram Blastoise in there.
I'm just letting you go.
I'm going to go get it first.
I had a holofoil Blastoise.
Yeah.
A holofoil Blastoise.
Listen.
All my Pokemon cards are gone.
I need a new source of income.
Please donate.
Please donate.
Guys, I live in New England with my super hot wife.
I was just offered a great job in Southern California.
So Cal.
He doesn't say that.
I said that.
But my wife needs to stay here in New England to finish two more years of law school.
We think we're going to do the long distance thing until she can join me out West.
We'll have the means to fly back and forth for school between breaks and vacays.
So it doesn't seem like it'll be that bad.
Even so, most people tell us we're making a mistake.
We're in our late twenties.
We've been married for about eight months.
Is this a very terrible idea?
Is it fucked up that, like, in my mind, there's no such thing as a long distance married relationship?
That seems like it's just-
Well, you're just married.
Yeah.
You're just, like, married.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think that this is totally doable.
I mean, it's totally workable.
Is it a mistake?
Like, I don't know.
I mean, it will probably be a stress on your relationship.
Yeah.
It's going to suck.
It's going to suck.
Yeah.
But it doesn't sound like it's really, like, a choice.
He's in law school and you got offered a job.
It's not like one of you is like, I'm going to go check out what it's like on the other
coast.
Like, you're in a situation in life that dictates that you may need to be apart for a little
while.
You're eventually going to be back together, so it's not, like, a permanent sucky thing.
You just got to put up with it for a year or two.
There is a problem.
Have you seen the ladies in Southern California?
Have you seen those so Cal honeys, those so Cal shawties?
They all look like Katy Perry.
They all, all of them look like Katy Perry.
It's like an invasion of the body snatchers thing going on down there.
Yeah.
It's weird.
It's, I mean, I've only, I've never, have I been to Southern California?
That's like, that's like LA, right?
Is that Southern California?
Does that count?
Fundamentally?
Yeah.
It's so, just so many shawties.
I don't know.
I've watched a lot of OC.
A lot of bangin' beauties.
Too much OC.
A lot of Billsons.
Too much OC, some people would say.
Some would say.
I think Tim has a rock solid will.
I think he's going to be all right.
Can I, can I tell you guys the truth?
Can I disagree with you guys?
I'm going to disagree with you guys.
And this is me stepping away from Justin, giving you advice for what's best for your
life.
And this is just my honest, like from the heart, this is, this is the case.
I don't, I don't think you should move away from your wife for two years.
I mean, I understand your career and I understand that, I understand that that's important.
And maybe this is like a once in a lifetime opportunity.
And you're, and you're going to, and it's totally worth this, but you've been married
for eight months and the, these first couple of years are some of the best, like in terms
of learning about each other and kind of forging your relationship and growing as a couple.
And you're going to, you're going to miss out on those.
I mean, you're going to, you're, you're going to miss out on some stuff.
And maybe this job is like so worth it and it's, and you know, you need to do it.
It's like going to, you know, America from the old country to try to build a life for
your family.
If there's that sort of situation and this is a question of necessity, I get it.
But if you're on the run from religious persecution, yeah, exactly.
Then yeah, sure.
I get it.
It sounds like you're saying the answer to this question is it's time to do a lot of
soul searching.
I know you, I really think, and I'm not saying like, so you guys should break up like that
cause you're married and that's not really an option, but I mean, really think about
why you're not in my religion.
I really think about why you're doing it because you love this girl and you guys just got married
and you are, and I'm not saying it's going to jeopardize your relationship.
I'm just saying you're going to miss out a lot on a lot.
And I know with technology and stuff, it can be very tempting to say, well, well, you know,
we'll Skype every night and I'll just tweet out and that's probably true.
I'll just get at her on form spring, ask her anonymous questions about what she did that
day.
But I, I don't know, really think about it, Tim.
I think it'll be, I think you'll, you'll make it, but I, you love this girl and you just
got married, you're newlyweds and that's a great period and I hate for you to miss out
on it.
That's just me.
That's not advice, Justin.
That's just from the heart, Justin.
Yeah.
If it's from the heart, Travis, I wouldn't do it either.
But if you're dead set on doing it, advice, Travis says, do it, but it's going to suck.
Your wife is, your wife is super hot.
That's all I got.
Just thought I'd comment on it.
Your wife is super hot.
That's got to, that's got to put some, put some, you know, English on the ball, right?
Little English.
Little English on that ball because your wife's super hot.
So maybe don't leave her for two years because you're going to go to SoCal where all the
honey bunnies are smoking, piping hot.
Oop, don't touch that plate's hot.
So shows your wife and she lives in New England and she's going to have all kinds of, Tom
Brady's going to come up to her and try and throw a touchdown on your wife.
Yeah.
You know how guys in New England, he's going to throw a touchdown at your wife.
Listen, you got to be careful because Tom Brady will scoop up your wife and you're going
to scoop up, you know, all the Marissa's and Summers you can handle.
Just be, just don't do it.
You don't want, listen, you're going to, she's going to be in New England.
We've really turned around.
Some guy in overalls is going to come up to her and be like, oh, you want to go to the
old butt in that tree?
You want to go have a smooch?
There's a Norissa blowing.
There's a Norissa blowing.
Come check out my orchard.
Some founding father is going to sign some parliamentary actions on her, on that ass.
Tim, just don't do it.
Not worth it.
Tim, Tim, we flipped.
Someone's going to crack her Liberty Bell and that's in New England, right?
Dog, where do you think New England is?
You're making me so mad.
You're referencing Philadelphia and I don't understand why.
Is Philly not part of New England?
No.
No, dog, no.
It always seems sort of ambiguous to me.
Has it to you?
It's like, ooh, that way.
Once you get north up and there's trees and shit, you made it.
Can I just say, Griffin, chances are that it seems ambiguous to you, but to the rest
of the population it's probably pretty clear.
Yeah.
Probably.
I'm almost certain there's a set amount of states that exist within New England.
Now Tom Brady, he plays for the New England Patriots, right?
Yes.
Right.
That one was good.
That's why we were all kind of laughing and playing along.
Listen.
Does that make some sort of fucking sense?
Listen, everyone who's listening, continue to listen.
We need to buy Griffin-
I got to go to some fucking night classes.
I need to get my Rand McNally on.
That's so bad.
It's gotten really serious over here.
You know, they say that ignorance isn't a problem unless it interferes with your podcasting,
and this is seriously getting to be an issue.
I made two jokes that didn't make a goddamn lick of sense.
Griffin was like, and then go to see Rushmore.
Where's the Alamo?
I don't know.
Please help me out.
You guys want to hit up an Indian reservation?
Tim and closing.
Don't do it.
That's me.
That's where I'm at.
Seriously.
I was like, I think you guys will wreck your relationship.
I just think you're going to miss a lot, and I don't think you should do it.
But if you do do it, I'm sure it'll be fine, and you'll get through it.
I hate for you to miss out.
I hate for Tom Brady to scoop your snoot.
I hate for your snoot to be scooped by Tom Brady, as they say.
I'm going to get a t-shirt that says that my snoot dumbed scoop by Tom Brady, footballer,
popular footballer Tom Brady.
Known leatherhead.
That's what they call footballers.
That's good to see.
Now you're back on.
You're just 50 years in the past.
Maybe 100.
So do you want to move on to our last question?
We want to wrap this production up.
Before we do that, real quick, because you guys have been so indulgent to listen to our
request for your help, our pleading, if you will.
My brother, my brother, and me is the name of this podcast, nbmbam.com is our website.
You can go there, and you'll find our email address there.
It's nbmbam at maximumfund.org.
You can also find us on FormSpring.
It's formspring.com.
Is it formspring.me, my brother, my brother, and me, or nbmbam, is that right?
Formspring.me, nbmbam.
We love to see on Twitter quotes, things like that, just encouraging people to listen.
And you guys have helped us spread the show so much.
And the only reason we're still doing this is because of the great reactions from you
all.
Speaking of Twitter, if you do donate, let us know on Twitter.
Listen, I'm usually not down with those people who are like, I just gave 25 bucks to save
the children.
Like, fuck those guys.
But this is way better than children.
This is 100 times better than save the children.
If you donate, let us know on Twitter, and we'll shout you back.
We'll say, thanks.
Thanks for your love and support.
Would you like a foot massage?
Is that something that you'd be into?
Would you like some ever gooey blondies?
We will ever goo your blondies.
And please, if you can, if you are at all able to, and I like to think that everybody
is.
If not, why are you spending so much time listening to podcasts?
Get up there and get a job.
Get a job.
Get a job.
Get a job.
$35 a month, $50 a month, $10 a month, $20 a month, $5, $2, whatever you can give, Maximumfun.org
forward slash donate right now.
Don't wait.
Don't hesitate.
Just do it.
And then let us know so we can love you forever.
We already will, but we'll love you more.
We don't love you equally.
You'll be our favorite.
Very favorite.
This one was sent in by DrWoofles.
Thanks DrWoofles.
It's by Yahoo Answers user James Walker.
Who asks?
How can I walk up a wall? I want to walk up a wall.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me. Kiss your dads.
Square on the lips.
Keep your heart three stacks. Keep your heart.
Keep your heart three stacks. Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart. Three stacks, these girls are smart.
Play your part.
