The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, welcome to my brother, my brother, me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. And guys, Griffin, I'm changing.
What?
I feel a spirit of renewal in my heart of hearts that has got me excited.
Today's the first day of the rest of my life.
Is this like a holiday? Like, Ebenezer Scrooge, they did it all in one night?
Yes, it's kind of like that. Yes, it's kind of like that.
Except if instead of three ghosts spooking me good, spooking my bones.
Spooking you into good, spooking, turning you good.
Just spooking me, just raw dogging me with their spooky spirits.
Instead of that happening to me in the night time, during the daytime yesterday,
I became the world's number one basketball boy.
What?
What?
I went to a college basketball game in which college age athletes play basketball.
They do basketball against each other.
You mean big kids?
Yeah, like big, big kids. And like, I didn't know I had it in me
to love this new thing, or any new thing for that matter.
But specifically this new thing, I always thought basketball was the final frontier.
And there I was standing there, hooping and hollering.
And you enjoyed it.
Oh, I loved every second of it.
I yelled with every dunk, with every achieved-
Funk?
With every funk and every achieved rebound.
How about every clunk? That's what they miss.
Well, I wasn't cheering for the clunks. No, Travis, I-
That was a test.
It was a test.
I was. Every time they missed a shot, I would yell at a referee.
Listen, I didn't know what I was doing out there.
You were yelling at a college referee, Griffin? That seems mean.
Aren't they just like philosophy professors?
Yes, they are double duty school nurses.
But anyway, I am the ultimate hoops fan in the world.
I don't know anything about it.
I don't know anything about the sport, really.
Like they kept getting double bonuses and I wasn't sure what that was exactly.
Sure.
But you don't need to know the most about it.
You just have to have the most passion in your heart for it.
And I'm just saying like right now that I'm a bigger basketball fan
than basically anybody listening to this podcast.
Would you say that you have March Madness?
I definitely have. I got December diarrhea is what I have.
Did you-
December dementia.
Yes.
As far as you could tell, Griffin, did anybody fake the funk on a nasty dunk?
Oh, good question.
There was only one dunk in the whole game.
Okay.
But there was a lot of fundamentals and they did not fake the funk on their funk-dementals.
Now, Griffin, let me ask you this.
Yes, ask me.
Was there a player-
Please, please.
I want the two of you to just keep asking me questions in order.
Travis, it's your turn.
Was there a player who made two shots in a row and then the announcer yelled,
he's on fire?
Oh, sorry.
He's heating up.
Let me tell you this.
Whenever your team scores two buckets and drains two tasty buckets in a row,
two 10 piece wing buckets in a row,
then everybody in the crowd would stand up and start cheering.
And part of me wondered like, oh, shit, here come that infinite turbo meter.
Here come them fiery nets.
But I don't think that they managed to do that in real life, no.
And then Bill Clinton came out and he was an unlockable character and he played.
And he played.
I was wearing my basketball shorts because I wasn't sure what's customary to wear to a game.
Well, like you take a mitt to a baseball game in case you want to catch a fly ball.
Right.
I thought in case they threw a basketball in the crowd and then I caught it.
And then like, technically, that's a live ball.
So I'm like, what am I, center now, point guard?
See, I guess I do know a little bit about the beautiful sport.
You're a leftist.
I think that's one, when you stand on the left side and you guard.
Uh-huh.
Griffin, would you like people to directly email you some of their favorite teams
and different moves in basketball?
I'd rather not.
Or to make you like some of their favorite players or different favorite basketball moves?
I don't really want to money the water right now.
With knowledge, you don't need facts.
No, it would be, facts are fine.
I'm not looking, I don't want to know about opinions.
I don't want to know any opinions on the names of what players are.
I just, I want to, I want my joy to be sort of, I want it to go unperturbed.
And I want to just explore this new facet of myself, which is why starting next year,
I am leaving the podcast.
Oh, okay.
To explore my basketball fantasies in a new podcast I'm launching called Basketball Fantasies.
It's going to be so confusing because people are going to go to it for fancy basketball tips.
It's going to be me like, what if you could score a three-point dunk?
Now listen, here's how it works.
I just picture Griffin out in like Joshua Tree, just like staring at a basketball,
sitting on a bluff and just like thinking about like, what is dunking?
Like, what does it mean?
What does it mean to dunk?
Because it doesn't have to, I feel like it's different things to different people.
For me, when I'm confronted by a friend that I've wronged and I tell the truth,
that's a sick dunk right there.
When a referee like really calls a foul that no one else saw, did the referee just like dunk?
Yeah, you did get dunked on by the ref.
I, people get very excited about dunks, but really,
aren't you just carrying the basketball to the hoop?
Wouldn't it be harder to throw it?
Yeah.
I agree.
Thanks.
Good point, Justin.
And I'm sorry, but I don't think you should be like, if they lift you up,
if your team players put you on your shoulders and then you dunk,
I don't think that should count.
That shouldn't be allowed now.
Do you think maybe in 2016, we could do all themed episodes like every week,
do a different theme just to like mix it up a little bit?
Because I would, I'll be honest with you guys right now,
I would do anything, I would pay any price to keep talking about basketball for the next 54 minutes.
Yeah.
That's how, this is such an interesting, I believe it's 180, where-
I'm learning so much.
Yeah, where it gets to a point where if I'm not mistaken, like two years ago,
I think you hated sports.
Yeah, I'm learning so much from myself, which is the weird thing.
You know what I mean?
We've all grown.
This is like Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 3,
where they just go to basketball games for the whole movie.
Yeah.
Sisterhood of the Traveling Huge Basketball Shorts.
Well, Sister Ball, Sister Ball, Sister Ball-
Sister Ball 3.
Sorry, Emilio S. M. S. as a no-nonsense, disgraced lawyer with a team of sisters.
Sister Ball of the Dribbling Shorts.
You gotta share the ball.
What?
You can share the ball?
That's crazy.
You can't travel.
I did pick up on that during the game.
You cannot travel.
You have to dribble and you have to be wearing shorts
and you have to be in possession of the sister ball,
because that's the only way you can score.
You can't score without the sister ball.
What is the legal wait time before eating neglected household foods?
For example, if my significant other purchases cookies
and neglects to eat them for two weeks,
am I within my rights to go to town on those cookies?
I stole the cookies from the cookie jar,
is the name of the person who asked the question,
but also something that they're admitting.
Okay, hold on.
Okay, hold on.
Your significant other bought it, right?
And then they sat untouched for two weeks?
Two weeks?
It would seem that way, yes.
Was the significant other waiting for a special cookie?
Yeah, you can have a cookie.
Are they Thanksgiving cookies?
Do they maybe have a turkey on them?
Oh, this is a good question,
because there's different forms of cookie.
Was this just like your chewy chocolate chip cookie?
Or was this like,
I bought a 10 of those Danish cookies for that Christmas party
we're going to have in, I guess, three weeks,
but they were cheaper now because it's November 2nd.
And like, what?
This is madness.
This is, none of this,
I put my cookies in a fucking safety deposit box in a bank.
What are you talking about?
No, this is-
Super quick flash poll.
Can I get a thumbs up or thumbs down on dance butter cookies?
Oh, big thumbs up.
Thumbs up, right?
They're delicious and grumbly.
With a cream or a liquid that you can have them with.
Oh, definitely.
They're a great nog partner.
Yes, they are a good friend to the eggnog.
But-
Because also you're left with a 10 afterwards,
and who doesn't love a 10?
Yeah, you can put anything in that, marbles.
Listen, we need to aim any advice we give on this question
to any other person than this person.
Because this person isn't looking for advice,
they are looking for either forgiveness or acceptance.
And I'm not willing to give you that because you did not wait.
The fact that you did not wait means that
it's not that important to you what we think,
you bad, bad cookie boy.
But most of the time, you just ask them.
Why can't you just ask them, can I eat some cookies?
Yeah, why do you need us to give you cooklematic permission?
I'm sorry, but like, if you're in a relationship
in which like you share love,
you're allowed to have a goddamn cookie.
Like, I don't know what relationship that would be
where you would describe someone as your significant other,
but not when it came to cookie sharing,
unless they know you as the type of person who sits down
to like watch, you know, seven hours of Parks and Rec
and eat an entire sleeve of cookies in one go.
That could be what happened.
And that's not how love works, Travis,
to say like, love means never having to say,
can I have this?
What you've just said is madness.
Cause if you buy yourself a hoagie and you turn around
and Teresa has eaten the entire hoagie
and she can't just shrug her shoulders
and be like, marriage.
Because she's warm a dick.
Because she thinks she's feeble.
But the problem is, girl,
when you're talking about a one-off food experience,
cookies, that's like,
if you sit down and eat an entire family size bag of Cheetos,
A, I'm worried about you,
but B, like clearly that was a shared experience.
But if I go to the store and I get a single bag of Cheetos
and you eat all of them, yeah, you're terrible.
So then you bought a Quiznos party platter
and you're planning on having,
I know you, six to seven of those little sumbitches.
That's why you get small ones.
Yeah, but unfortunately, uh-oh,
when you weren't looking, Teresa Duke snarfed them.
Whoops.
Now, and you're just cool with that?
Because it's like, well, marriage, love, it means sharing.
I will say that in this specific example,
I'm very cool with it because for once,
I'm not the food monster in our house.
So yeah, I think I'd be like,
thank you for taking some of the heat off of me.
She learned it from watching you.
She learned it from watching you, though.
I think the worst food monster stunt I ever did
was when I was a young boy, perhaps 12 years old,
and I was reading in my parents' closet,
looking for God knows what.
What do you look for in your parents' closets
when you're a kid?
Forgiveness something.
And what did I find there?
But a couple of delicious bubblegum cigars.
It's a boy, and I found one, and I ate it all up.
What was the significance of that?
Well, it was purchased upon my birth.
It was purchased when I was born.
So it was not only a food monster, but old and gross.
Yeah, it's like, I just ate the special bubblegum cigar
for my birth.
That they were saving for your wedding?
Well, this is a good question, Travis,
that I have posed to Dad over the years.
What were you saving that for?
I'm glad somebody got to enjoy it, you know?
But you ate it.
You did not chew it.
You ate it.
You consumed it.
Well, I mean, I swallowed bubblegum.
I'm not an animal.
I live evil can evil one hand at a time.
So yeah, I ate the bubblegum,
the special, special bubblegum cigar
that bots celebrate and commemorate.
Could you taste like sort of the warm memories
that you were depriving our-
It tastes like the Reagan administration.
Is that what you're asking?
Yes.
And how old were you when this bubblegum
was consumed like food?
12, 12, 12, 12.
Oh no, way too old.
Damn, son.
12 years.
This is not-
12 is too old to go on bubblegum adventures.
This was old enough that if it had been at Griffin's birth,
it would have been gross.
Yeah, but here's the other thing about it.
It tasted fine.
To my memory, it tasted fine.
There's not a lot of like love lost, flavor lost
when it comes to bubblegum.
It's not like, oh, I found an eight-year-old thing
of Bazooka Joe, it's spoiled.
Yeah.
You just microwave it for two seconds and it's perfect.
Uh, yeah.
I had another answer about bubblegum,
but I think we should move on.
No, I do want to hear it.
Is it as bad as the last one you told?
Because if so, I need it, I think.
He found a cigar that says,
congratulations on signing the Declaration of Independence.
Yeah.
And I broke into the Smithsonian so I could eat it.
National Treasure III.
Justin took the Declaration of Independence
and the Constitution and he spread a fine layer
of queso cheese in between the two of them
and threw it in the microwave for a minute and a half
and then ate it with a salsa on top.
And then Kate said, no.
It was freedom nachos.
I mean, it was special.
Do you guys want a yahoo?
Yeah, please.
Wait, no, your bubblegum story.
Is it really good?
It wasn't about a bubblegum story,
it was about a bubblegum book I read when I was a kid
about a kid who bought baseball cards
but hated the bubblegum,
the old chewy crumbling pubens nasty gum that came with them.
And so he left them all like in a big lump
in a big pile that it turned into a monster.
And that story made me want gum so bad
and I didn't have any.
This was in 86.
For me, it was the episode of Wild and Crazy Kids
where they had an episode contest
where they had to chew that like big,
what are those big bubblegums called?
I think it might have been like flavored double bubble,
like multi-flavored bubblegum.
And they would have to chew it up and put it on a scale
and whichever team got the heaviest amount
of chewed bubblegum on the scale would win.
And I would see that and that bubblegum,
that chewed bubblegum looks so delicious.
And that's when I realized I'm a broken person
and also that that's my fetish.
Do you guys want a yahoo?
I used to chew up a bunch and get a big wad
and then I'd get a new piece and bite it in half
and put the wad inside of that piece and close it up.
So it was like a planet, gum planet with a magma.
What's the matter with both of you?
Welcome to gum planet.
I can hear our audience collectively retching.
Welcome to John Carpenter's gum planet.
It's a terrifying new vision of gum
for John Carpenter, the mastermind behind the fly.
That's probably David Cronenberg and John Carpenter's vampires.
I'm pretty sure that's John Carpenter.
Do you guys want this yahoo from-
I've been begging.
It's from level 9,000-
Please God.
Level 9,000 Yajur Juju Javanport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by an anonymous user, but we're going to call him
Melton.
Melton asks, would it be a violation of any rules
to read questions and answers of yahoo answers on my podcast?
Oh, no.
Uh-oh.
I figured this would be a quick one.
Then we can move on to a real one.
But it's an important legal query
that I feel like we need to tackle.
Uh, well.
Somebody said, because the top answer is from-
Wow, just looking at-
Oh my God.
It's from-
Oh my God.
What could only be safely described
as a yahoo answers power user, Oclatom,
who has answered 77,411 questions.
He's got, okay.
He's got a full-on command center of people.
It's like, what do you got for me today?
We got another 1,000 yahoo answers questions.
He's got 514,003 points.
He's only level 7.
It's like, what the fuck's up with your experience scale?
Because that's a lot of points and questions
to only be level 7.
Is it like Scientology where there's only the 7 levels
and he's like the king of it?
I can't imagine that there is a more active user
on this service.
So I'm going to take their word for gospel
and their word is as long as you had permission
from the authors of the content to use it,
it would not be a violation.
If you didn't have their permission,
remember yahoo has a license to publish it.
You don't see their copyright policy.
There's no planet on which you're going to reach out
to people who are on the yahoo answer service
and get into personal content.
Is this Spankatron 5,000 yahoo answers user?
Could I use your question about your fetish towards Batman?
Thank you so much.
To whom it may concern,
don't worry about our tone in discussing
your home colonoscopy.
It will be respectful and scientific.
And we think that people can really learn from,
that's how we pitch it, right?
Like we want to take the lesson that you have learned
and we want to spread that wisdom
to as wide an audience as we can, right?
That makes sense.
Like we want to take your learnings
and we want to signal boost it.
I feel like it should be public access.
I feel like if you want to write a movie
based on a yahoo answer,
you should be allowed to do that.
You mean public domain?
Yes, that's what I meant.
Thank you.
Yahoo answer is just running an advertiser right now
for the ridiculous six.
It looks very bad.
I saw that on Netflix.
I almost jumped out of my skin.
I was so excited.
I couldn't believe it.
It was actually out.
I can finally watch it myself.
Guys, am I gonna watch that?
No.
Am I going to prison?
Yes.
For copyright theft.
I would like to say at this point,
2.51 PM, Sunday, December 13th, 2015,
I have thought for the past five and a half years
that Griffin had written every yahoo answer himself
as a work of fiction.
And I thought that they were all works of fiction.
This is my first time hearing anything about
that these were real questions
and not invented whole cloth by Griffin.
I had nothing to do with this.
It's all on Griffin.
Could I get away on parody rules?
What if instead of calling it yahoo answers,
I called it like yahoo butsers?
That's not very good.
Let me try this.
Yahoo answers.
Let me throw this out there.
Fair use.
Fair use, a lot of people don't know what that means.
It's a complicated legal idea that you can do
pretty much whatever you want.
Oh, it's like when you write cash on a check.
A thing that I don't know that any human being
has ever done outside of movies and TV shows
that basically allows anyone to use that check ever?
Yeah, I can have the cash.
Yeah, it's like the other day,
I saw something through my neighbor's window
that I wanted, so I fair used into their house
and I just took it.
That's what fair use is.
And then he caught me doing it
and so I just fair used him right there and left.
What's more powerful, fair use or squatters rights?
Squatters rights is just fair use of a house.
Oh, okay.
I saw that my neighbors were using their popcorn
making machine and stand to sell popcorn
and the fair was in town and I thought I could make
a quick buck so I just borrowed it and took it there
and they were pretty mad but when I told them
what I used it for, they thought it was fine.
Yeah, fair use.
I gotcha.
I fair used some black tar heroin yesterday
and then I drove a car just like through a hospital.
I fair used it really good that day.
I parked it and left it.
Fair use, bye.
Here's another question.
A large package came in the mail yesterday.
It's a Christmas present for me from my wife
or someone in her family.
She keeps goading me to open it but I'm a baby.
I love to wait till Christmas Eve to open presents.
Now that it sounds like you almost wait long enough.
I assume you mean Christmas day.
The thing is we're flying to see our family over Christmas
and she says it's too heavy.
It don't make no sense to bring the gift there with us.
Yeah, okay, yes.
And also I'm 95% sure I know what it is
and I really want to use it now
and not when we get back in January.
That's in all caps.
Jamie, you're eight years old.
What should I do?
Jamie.
Jamie, you are absolutely,
you and I are on the same wavelength.
Your puckish charm has won us over, Jamie.
Oh my God, yes.
Because yeah, if you're not gonna wait
until the day of the Christ child's birth,
like why are we doing any of this?
Then it's just an Amazon shipment.
Yeah, then it's just one of like 70 Amazon receipt days
that you have throughout the year.
This is, it's gotta be special.
It's gotta be Christmas special.
If we can just part the kimono for a second.
This is a gigantic issue
that we have been struggling with in our family
for the past five years and has come to a head this year.
Yeah.
Where we're faced with like,
I would say some equally unappealing solutions
to the problem.
Cool.
Solution one being like,
we give presents to Travis and Griffin.
We have them shipped here and just pretend
like we think they live here.
That's what we've been doing.
Yeah.
And the other one is like,
we ship presents to them
and then give them a picture of the presents
and be like, just you wait till you see it in person.
Oh boy.
I can't wait till there's VR.
We can all just VR open presents.
I mean, one option, another option is like,
we Skype, like video Skype to watch them open it.
No, that'll never happen.
If you're gonna go through that much fucking trouble
to watch somebody open a present,
then like your dad better be home from the war early.
You know what I mean?
Like it better be a giant box that you open
and it's like a viral video.
Like that's the level it needs to be.
Justin, you make an excellent point.
If your dad is home from the war early
and in that giant box that your family shipped you,
you should open it before January.
Put some holes in there.
Something.
For sure.
Give them a juice box.
Those viral videos, by the way,
have made it impossible to buy large gifts
for anybody who has family in the armed services.
Because it's like, could it be?
Is it?
It's a basketball hoop.
Fuck.
It is a deconstructed basketball hoop.
No, that would be tight.
Are you kidding?
Fuck my dad.
Hoop dreams.
Hoop fantasies.
What better gift could there be for your dad
than when he gets home from overseas?
You're fucking sick of basketball.
Yeah.
You're like the king of dunks.
It's all been worth it.
Freedom is in free.
Yeah, this is what I've been fighting to defend.
But then he's like, tell me-
Sweet dunks.
But then he's like, tell me about this sick new sport.
And then he tells 10 friends,
oh, basketball, I will be your chosen one,
your chosen brother.
I'm glad that my brother, my brother and me
has finally been able to get the word out about basketball.
Let's part the kimono even more.
Because right now-
Let's just take the kimono off.
I'm taking the kimono off and guess what?
There's nothing under there.
It's all my meat.
And I want to part the kimono and take it off
because we're doing Christmas this year on the 23rd
because Travis and Teresa are bouncing on the 24th.
See, I thought we were doing the 22nd
because we're going caroling on the 23rd.
We're doing it all.
We need to be in better contact.
Regardless, we're not doing it on the 25th.
And in my child mind,
I'm going to fully be on Christmas day
after Travis has left
and we've already opened all of our presents.
You know your boy is gonna be looking around
for that secret extra big present
that everybody held off to give me
until the day of the Christ child's birth.
It'll be like,
oh, it looks like we got one more
special Christmas day surprise for you, Griffin.
So just to put that seed and bury it deep in your guys' minds,
I am going to be expecting that second extra wave of presents.
It could just be one present, but make it nice.
Griffin, what if you just got really super blackout drunk
before we opened Christmas presents on the 23rd?
And then when you passed out,
we would rewrap them for you.
And then you could have the whole experience over again
on the 25th.
I would enjoy that.
I love the crinkle of paper.
You know, I've never gotten really drunk on Christmas before.
Maybe this is the year.
America.
I'm gonna need your help in the kitchen.
I'd rather you didn't get super drunk on Christmas.
I'm gonna need your help with the bread sauce
and a few other things.
I got it all.
I got a chart somewhere, but I'm gonna need your help.
I will be drunk, but normal base level drunk.
Oh, that's right.
We're doing our English...
We're taking it to Toffee Town, right?
What's up?
Taking it straight to Toffee Town,
going Christmas lunch,
going the whole production.
We're doing Goose.
We're making a bread sauce.
Got a sage and onion stuffing.
Got a...
Gonna do...
Probably do a Vicky Sp- Vicky Sponge.
Nice.
Gonna hit a...
Got some mince.
I'm finishing up some mince meat upstairs.
Gonna do some tarts.
Maybe...
When are you doing this?
Will we still be there or will we...
Hell no.
You'll be gone as hell.
I got Christmas pudding.
It's been aging for a couple weeks.
It's got a couple more weeks to go.
Maybe just give it to Brandy.
I'm gonna make my favorite British holiday treat,
which is a Chimbley Crumble.
And what I do there...
Well, I don't want to give away the surprise,
but there's...
I'll be looking forward to it.
Let's just say there's some ashy sweepins.
And I'll be making an anatomically correct Doctor Who cake.
Oh God.
Do you guys remember when this used to be a comedy show?
The Sonic Screwdriver is exactly where you think.
His dick?
Yep.
Great.
I've seen the show.
I've been watching the season.
I haven't finished the season, but I thought he had...
Oh, you're in for a treat.
What an excellent season it was.
But I thought he just had like magic sunglasses
and not a dick that was also a magic tool
that allows him to hack into robots and stuff.
Well, when his dick comes out,
he lowers his sunglasses and he's like,
check it.
What is that?
That's the sound of the Tardis.
When his penis comes out.
That's the sound?
Let's all do our Tardis impressions.
Me first.
Kill me.
Let's go back in time.
The pain.
Let me try mine.
Oh yeah.
Sweet dick.
Remember when he pulls on the levers and he flips the switch?
Oh my God, the control unit of the Tardis
is basically like a Bop-It Deluxe, isn't it?
I'm just now doing this out.
Oh, mommy.
Fuck me.
There is an episode in which the Tardis turns into a woman
and then he continues to use the Tardis as a ship after that.
Yeah, no big deal.
It's horrifying if you think about it for too long.
Riding around in my Susan, solving space crimes,
fixing time faults.
I'm writing the new theme song.
Me and Lin-Manuel are writing the new theme song to Doctor Who.
And it's a work in progress, but that's where we're at right now.
It's pretty good.
It's pretty good so far.
I thought it was pretty good too.
I feel like we should, like, if we...
I was about to say that we should congratulate Lin,
but like if we started like congratulating Lin
every time he did something worth congratulating him for,
it would literally be like the entire program.
I actually think it's our job to keep him humble.
Yeah, it's true.
And I guess he gave the Pope a piggyback ride this week,
so congratulations on doing that.
And then apparently it was like so fucking good.
And then he saw it again.
He was like, fuck your show is still that good.
I'm gonna give you one piggyback ride.
He's a saint now.
He's a saint now.
Congratulations, St. Lin.
Should we...
Go to the Money Zone?
Yes.
You guys like underpants?
Looking at them, having them, feeling them, wearing them,
touching them.
What are you talking about?
Knowing they exist.
Just the very concept, the very idea of underpants.
I guess so.
Can I get a little personal for a minute?
Are you gonna part the kimono?
God, that's my least favorite phrase I've said three times.
Can I put the kimono back on and then take it off again?
Travis is gonna take off his skin,
revealing that he's actually being controlled
by a tiny little alien in his tummy this whole time.
That's wearing a kimono.
Oh God, and then we're gonna take that off.
It's all kimonos.
I'm gonna remove my body to reveal that I've been two kimonos
staying on each other's shoulders the entire time.
Hey, what are you trying to do?
You're trying to get in to see Closer?
It's an R-rated movie.
Get out of here, kimonos.
Yeah, kimonos.
So underneath my kimono I'm wearing,
I just got a shipment of some me undies.
And when I put them on my body,
it is like remembering what is good about clothing.
It is like a moment of like, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, clothing.
It's like awesome and feels great.
And this feels like I imagine in sci-fi movies
when they have jumpsuits and clothing has evolved
to a point where it's like, oh no,
it's like constantly being hugged
by a wonderful cloud of awesomeness.
That is what me undies is like.
And I got a pair with polka dots
and it makes me feel like an awesome cartoon character
who's wearing the most comfortable underpants on earth.
Counter story, I went out to Old Navy,
I bought a new flannel shirt
and they had a pack of like 80 pairs of boxer briefs
for like 12 cents and I bought them.
And now the fields of my ding-dong zone have gone fallow.
Oh, we had a lot of fun in here today.
Hi, it's Justin McElroy for me undies.
They're really good underwear.
It's like wearing nothing at all,
only better than that because you don't get arrested.
It's a sci-fi fantasy cloud that wraps your body in a hug.
So go to meundies.com slash my brother right now
to get 20% off your first order.
Plus, I don't know, it just says plus,
then it gets cut off.
Travis didn't put the whole thing in here.
Plus, don't buy bad underwear
that will just turn your whole pizone
into a blighted wasteland.
It's like Fallout 4 under this kimono.
Down there.
Down there in my kimono zone.
My kimono-no-no zone.
I want to tell everybody about clubw.com.
Have you ever thought, man, I'd love to be in a club?
Well, might I suggest Club W.
They have wine for sale and they'll sell it to you no problem.
No questions asked, no matter what age you are.
Club W, that part's not true.
Now, hold on.
If you go to clubw.com, you can answer six questions.
It's not stuff like, what wine do you like?
Because that wouldn't be useful.
Because this is for everybody,
not just people who are deep into wine.
So they ask you stuff like,
what kind of berries do you like?
Or how do you take your coffee?
That kind of stuff.
And it creates a palette profile just for you
and recommends wines that they think you would like.
And then they ship them right to your door
and they're perfectly matched to your taste.
It's leading the grape to glass wine revolution.
What does that mean?
I didn't know until I talked to them on the phone.
I had to take their word for it.
They said they work directly with vineyards
to cut out the middleman, which saves you money.
That I could understand.
That's when I sort of got back on board and dug it.
If you want to try it out, they've got a no risk,
100% guarantee that you will love what they send you.
And it's gonna be about a third of what you pay at the store.
Right now, Club W is offering My Brother, My Brother,
Me listeners 50% off your first order
when you go to clubw.com slash my brother.
That's clubw.com slash my brother
and get 50% off your first order.
Now also they come with really fun cards
that give you not only what you could pair it with,
but like a recipe of stuff you could pair it with.
And my favorite is I got a really great Zinfandel
that we just went to town on during game night.
And it's like, do you want to pair it with something?
Pair it with like chicken tenders and pizza
and enjoy it during a football game.
And I was like, that's so cool, thank you.
Or maybe a basketball game.
Yeah, remind me, what's basketball?
It's the one with hoops and balls in it,
but I can recommend a good pairing for that.
And that is, and this is another thing
that I'm gonna be working on next year
during my time off from the podcast
is I've been developing my own wine
and it's called Griffin McElroy Slamdonk Sports Wine.
And it is something that you can take with you to a game.
You may have to sneak it in depending,
like if it's a child's basketball game,
you probably can't bring alcohol into that.
But it pairs really nicely.
Like when you taste this wine,
the flavor profile that it has just like matches up
with watching men and women like soar through the air
with these beautiful orange balls
and putting them through right now.
Now to be clear though, there are no electrolytes to speak of.
No, there are definitely extra bones.
Oh, so it's a good like rehydrating agent
for post sports play.
Yes, and there's little tinfoil balls in there.
Not so little that you'll like accidentally choke on them.
Like when they touch your mouth, you'll know it.
But it kind of like, it also electrifies
the flavor of this wine.
There's like an alcohol sort of catalyst thing
that goes on in there.
Is that what they mean when they talk about like tannins?
Is that just tinfoil balls?
Yes, but anyway, that's sort of my new thing.
My original name for Griffin McElroy Slamdonk Sports Wine
was Michael's Secret Stuff.
But apparently they are already working on that
for wine that is gonna come out alongside Space Jam 2,
which is weird because that one isn't gonna have Michael in it
as far as I know.
You know it's gonna have Michael in it.
Yeah, what am I saying?
He's probably gonna be in there in the mix somewhere.
I just hope they get Wayne Knight back in there.
Anyway, Griffin McElroy Slamdonk Sports Wine,
you can find it on Club W.
Definitely just look around.
If you can't find it, it's your fault.
It's user error.
You didn't answer the questions right.
You didn't answer the questions right.
There's a specific, it's almost a cheat code
if you wanna access this good wine.
This next message is from Phil Davis.
Thank you, Travis, thank you.
And it's from Rachel and Susanna, and they say,
hey Phil, thought you might be interested
in this friendly reminder from the brothers
that a birthday is a doodly doo.
Ding dong doodly doo, ding dong doo.
Happy birthday, how do you do?
Open presents, cakeies too.
Happy birthday to the funniest guy we know
who always sounds really unfunny
when we try to describe him to people.
That's savage.
Um, do you feel good about-
Happy birthday, Phil.
Thanks for jumping on that phonetic grenade, Trav,
saying all those words that you'll never be able to unsay
in the middle there, you know,
when you did like a Mary Poppins scat break.
Can I tell you guys, I blacked out.
Oh, good.
I don't know if it was the phonetic combination
or white, but I don't remember what I said.
I think-
And when I look at the screen, it's just fuzzy now.
I think when you did that like Ned Flanders scab ridge
there in the middle, it sort of activated you,
Manchurian candidate style.
I think it opened, it was the incantation
that opened up the black gates to the Underdark.
Yes.
The obsidian wall has began to crumble
thanks to Travis's incantations.
I'm glad I could help.
And a spectral army is marching through that crevice
all chanting in time, a ding dong doodly doo.
Kill Phil Davis.
Kill Phil Davis, ding dong doodly doo.
I got another message here and it's from Cody and Leah.
And it's from Brandon who says,
ding, ding, dingy, dong, ding, ding, dong, dong, dong.
No, I'm just kidding.
He says human English words like,
congratulations on your recent engagement.
Love and best wishes to you from your friends
and family back home in the flooded swamp
that is Florida or Flo-Rida.
Oh, mommy.
Oh, sorry.
Ooh.
Say it right.
Oh, manny.
Oh, mommy.
Ooh, mommy.
Love your twinniest brother, Brandon,
or perhaps twinest, but I think it's twinnest.
Your stringiest brother.
Love your noodly spindly brother,
Brandon Long Arms Johnson.
Congrats, Cody and Leah.
It sounds like you got a good thing going.
Stay safe in Florida.
You never know what's waiting for you around each corner
in Florida.
Could be a gator.
Could be a Florida gator.
Another basketball sports thing.
Are you troubled by lack of astute
yet dick joke filled analysis of bad movies?
Do you experience feelings of laughter and enjoyment
when you hear three friends go off on stupid tangents?
Have you or any of your family members
ever seen a spook, specter, ghost,
or totally rad party dude house cat
who really only exists as a sound effect?
If the answer to any of these questions is yes,
then pick up your podcast listening device of choice
and subscribe to The Professionals.
The Flophouse.
Our award-winning and usually only a little drunk staff
is on call 24 hours a day
to serve all your bad movie podcast needs.
The Flophouse.
We're ready to make you laugh in public
so that other people will laugh at you.
So that other people look at you funny.
Hit it.
I'm pretty sure we don't have the rights to this song.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Yes. Yes.
Got a Yahoo here.
It's sent in by a game recognized game, Rachel Rosen.
Thank you, Rachel.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Anton, who asks,
how do I get my parents out of the house?
I'm a sophomore in high school and want to throw a party.
My parents are kind of strict,
but please give me ideas and advice
to get them out of the house so I can have a party.
Don't?
Are you kidding me?
That's how you want to start this off?
When was the last time you watched
one of those hilarious teen comedies
where the person throwing the party at the end,
they were like, man, I'm really glad that happened
and nothing priceless was destroyed.
How about any house party movie?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
At the end of every house party movie,
there wasn't a moment where they learned not
to throw a house party.
No, they made like- I have not seen them.
They made like nine of them.
Travis, you just like,
it's just, we're not having to do any of this.
We host a comedy podcast.
Right.
What was step B after don't have a party?
What's the joke?
You tell me- Maybe choose
a different activity to have at your house.
You tell me- Like a study sesh.
You tell me the next 10 words
and I'll drop out of this race right now.
No, convince your friends to have a party at their house.
It's not, it doesn't seem like a fertile comedy-
That was 10 words by the way, he crushed it.
Hear me out.
What you need to do rather than convince your parents
to leave their house,
convince your parents to have your friend's parents
over for a game night or a dinner
and then you throw a party at your friend's house,
but then you're out.
No, no, you're not allowed to outline
any more steps of this until you sell me role-playing,
Justin's your mom, I'm your dad, you're Travis
and you're trying to convince us to invite over
your friend's parents for a game night between adults
and now go.
You guys ever play Settlers of Catan?
Hello, my son.
Okay, wait, you're a ghost mom.
What, no, I'm your mother.
What are you guys saying the other day
how you never hang out with friends anymore?
No, well, I don't have time
because I'm too busy working and taking care of you,
you old shit.
Oh, dad, you seem so stressed.
Have another glass of Griffin McElroy sports wine.
Oh, I need it, I've got a root for my spurs.
What are you guys doing tomorrow night?
Oh, come on.
Just another boring night of staring at each other
if you regret your life decisions?
I can't, well, I can't do anything tomorrow night,
I gotta watch my spurs dunk.
Maybe you can play the game of life
and make different life decisions where you don't have kids.
Of course, I have to make your father his special spurs
dunk treats or else he gets very angry.
She's gotta mow my sports wine.
Mow it up good for a holiday treat.
It's just frozen cauliflower, but chopped up.
It's the only thing you eat, it's like a baby.
I'm a simple man.
All I need is my roughage and my sports wine
and for my spurs to get a damn rebound.
Come on.
I've been turning off the TV for just a second.
Come on, don't you dare.
I paid good money for that TV service.
Okay, can we just take a break from the spurs
for one second?
It's just a poster.
It's a poster of the spurs with cardboard around it.
Yeah, but that poster's got a TiVo hooked up to it.
It doesn't.
I'm capturing all the moments.
Mom, I'm worried about dad.
I'm worried about him too.
The year is 1978 and what is TiVo?
We haven't even-
I don't even think there's the San Antonio yet.
We haven't even annexed San Antonio from Mexico,
let alone built the Duncanist sports franchise
in history up in there.
Dad.
Glug, glug, glug.
This is an intense flavor profile.
Oops, we're switching roles.
Yes, I'm your dad.
Oh God.
No dad.
Now I'm the mama.
Gotta love me.
Wait, I just had an idea for a TV show.
And that's how Dinosaurs was created.
Shit, Travis, you know what?
You're right.
That was way better than anything
that we could have come up with.
I forgot the question.
Throwing parties, right?
Throwing a party.
How do you get your parents out of the house?
How do you recommend to your parents to leave the house
so that you can have a ballin' ass party up in there?
Well, let's rip the kimono open.
Let's pull the rip cord.
Let's throw the kimono in the garbage.
Have any of the three of us ever been-
Let's get in the shower
and let our disposable kimono melt into the drain.
Our rice paper kimono.
Have any of the three of us ever been to a party
in which the parents were not home
and they threw it-
And got caught at the end.
I don't know that I have been.
All of my parties have been above board.
All the proper paperwork was filed with the city.
Okay, see, I did not get my permit
to get torned at my friend's house.
And by friend, I mean somebody that my friend Mark knew.
And we rolled up to his house.
I was like, hey, cool spot.
Everybody here is really, really drunk.
And I was there for maybe 15 minutes.
I got torned and his parents rolled up like, mm-nope.
And that was an important night for me
because I never broke the rules again after that.
And did you learn from Mark
or Mark's secondary acquaintance
how the parents were convinced to leave the home
or had the parents just left for a minute
and they threw a pop-up party?
Honest to God, I think they went to Kroger's.
Like the parents went to Kroger's and they're like,
everybody get over here quick.
Cause it, I mean, it didn't work.
So whatever plan they had fucking sucked.
And I felt like I was gonna get yelled at,
which would have been crazy.
It was like, Griffin, we expected so much more than you.
Like, I don't even know your son.
Well, how do you know me?
How do you know me?
In this housing market,
don't you think you could find like a foreclosed home?
Oh my God.
Or even throw a party in?
The round house.
You're talking about a camp nowhere.
A bunch of kids go in on a house in Huntington.
Fuck it, they can buy our childhood home.
10 teens who save up their paychecks for what?
Like three months, could buy our ancestral home
and have a fucking party hangout spot.
Yep.
They're gonna have to go,
whichever one of them can grow a mustache
is gonna have to be the one who signs the paperwork.
Hi, I'm Phillip, homeowner.
And I'm going to pay cash, please.
This is my associate, Greg Mortgage.
Hi, I'm Mr. Mortgage.
Will you accept coupons also?
For two houses?
For two houses?
Yeah, this is a great concept.
So teens get together and they take,
it's sort of like,
like it's also about the housing crisis, right?
It's sort of like the big short,
but like for teens and the teens buy a house.
Why couldn't they do that?
Like, why could, if you had to,
like if they can get enough money
for a bunch of teens to like go to Spain together.
Right.
Why couldn't they kick in a few Gs to like buy a house
that they can all party in all the time.
And then they like, okay, okay, here's the movie.
They get party house, right?
And they all kick in the money and they buy a party house.
They start having parties there constantly,
but you know what happens?
What?
Like some start getting sick of it
because the other ones leave messes there.
And it's like, no, you don't understand.
This is party house.
We do what we want.
And the other one's like,
we have to take care of party house.
Please pay your portion of the rent on party house.
Please pay your portion of the rent on party house.
And then it's just a regular house.
You never go grocery shopping.
We're running out of groceries at party house.
I don't love you anymore.
Wait, what?
I think, I can't think of a single reason
why this wouldn't work.
There's no reason.
I would love to see a scene in party house
where there's like one person who's like,
I don't really like the crown molding.
And it's like, dude,
like we're just gonna like get really drunk here.
Oh my God, it's a whole franchise, right?
We do the film and the film's gonna be very successful.
And then we have a new HGTV show.
And it's- HGTV Teen Party House.
HGTV, the T stands for teens.
Wait. Uh-huh.
I think the T is just part of TV.
I think it's just tella.
Yeah. I think it might be
home and garden teen videos.
Uh-huh. And-
Hey, it's me, Martha Stewart 2.
I'm coming to all you teens.
I'm the young Martha Stewart for teens.
Today we're gonna put nachos in your garden.
This isn't your mom's garden.
Wait, what?
It's me, Martha Stewart 2.
Bury those cheesy little guys up in the ground.
Make sure you water them every day.
You gotta have responsibilities
if you want to harvest these nachos.
Today I made this precious pergola all out of skateboards.
I built a cozy to keep my whippets in.
This isn't your mom's Martha Stewart.
That's Martha Stewart, my mom.
I'm Martha Stewart 2 for teens.
And don't forget to get hardwood floors.
It's easier to clean up puke.
Maybe a nice linoleum,
but that's not gonna have a lot of resale value.
Make sure there's lots of pictures of jugs on the wall.
Well, no, teens don't necessarily-
No, like jugs of water. Mason jugs.
Mason jugs?
Yeah, like Mason jugs.
Like Mason, they're like Mason jars are bigger.
Oh, boy.
Yeah. What about Anteens Roadshow?
Now hear me out.
That's not an HGTV product.
Can I hit you guys with this?
I have a house that I'm having trouble selling.
Yes.
Could I do a sort of rental,
buy the day, promise no sex stuff or drugs
that are too hard?
There are teen nightclubs, Justin.
I guarantee that there's a legal loophole
that will let you rent a house to teens.
I rent my home to teens.
Are you high?
I'm Justin McElroy.
Do you wanna find out how I made my millions?
Okay, but let's part the kimono just a little bit here, gang,
because what we're describing is Airbnb.
I'm gonna get one quarter of my kimono
stuck in the document shredder
and just watch as it's disintegrated.
Yes.
Just take it off.
Don't stay in the kimono.
It's trapped in the paper shredder.
I'm gonna step out of the taxi
and I'm gonna shut a little bit of my kimono in it
and it's gonna drive off with it.
I'm gonna sell my kimono
to buy you a watch chain for your watch.
I wanna buy, I wanna sell my kimono to buy you a box
for your kimono.
Oh no.
Yeah.
What we're describing is home away or Airbnb,
which is the thing that exists.
But it brings up a good question that I guess speaks volumes
about sort of my ethics
that I've never really thought about this before.
Cause we do those a lot.
Like we do lake house weekends here in Austin sometimes
and we party the fuck out of those spots.
But that's like somebody's digs.
That's like somebody's house.
What's the age?
I bet it's 18,
which could be someone who turned 18 in like September,
the first week of September of their senior year
of high school.
And has like a bunch of crazy 15 year old friends
that just like run wild,
like a plague of locusts up on these spots.
But what I'm saying is like,
can you, are you, ethically speaking,
legally, I think you're clear.
Ethically speaking, can you bone down in an Airbnb?
Yeah.
My baby was conceived in an Airbnb.
Is that true?
Yup.
So we know we're just-
Thank you, Phillip and Judy,
if you're listening.
Yeah, that's like what I'm saying.
Like, I'm not even talking about a lake house anymore.
I'm talking about like somebody's apartment
in a city you don't live in.
And you like roll up there,
like thanks for a place to lay my weary head
and also to definitely bone down to go to the bones in.
Thanks for that.
Maybe that's the only reason you put a place up on an Airbnb
because you dirty.
You dirty and you love those thoughts.
But how is that different from like a hotel?
Well, cause a hotel is not like,
this is Travis's room in the hotel.
Would you like to make love in it?
But I don't think that the main use case for Airbnb
is like, I want to be away tonight.
Somebody can live in my house
and I'll get you in the morning.
Like, I don't think that that's usually what Airbnb,
the way it works.
Do you think it's somewhere in the Airbnb clause,
there's gotta be like a specific section that like,
where you swear that you didn't put cameras
in your house, right?
Like I'm gonna rent my Airbnb out
and I promise, promise, promise,
I don't have super creepy cameras everywhere.
I have a policy every time I go to an Airbnb,
I check the toilet for cameras.
Is there any there?
I don't care how long it takes.
I wait until they go and buy some and install them.
Because-
Or else what's the point?
Or else what's the point?
I'm doing some serious butt work in here.
I went to all the trouble to get that tattoo.
If nobody sees it, then what's the point?
Why have I been perfectly sculpting my glutes
if nobody's gonna watch?
You know, art in a vacuum is not art.
Also, please let a camera in the vacuum
for various reasons.
Did you hear about that guy that spent $2 million
on the only picture of Justin's tight, tight butt
that exists in the world?
And he's not gonna share it with anybody.
It's just his.
Let's get this idea moving.
Let's get this, let's sell your house, Justin,
as a camp nowhere hang zone for teens.
Now there might be some police run-ins.
Well, they would have to be discreet, absolutely.
Like, we're not gonna hang a sign on the front door
that's like, Justin McElroy's Dope Motel for Lit Teens.
Teen getaway.
Just a place where teens should go and relax for once.
Just get away from the parents
and maybe do some reflecting, wink.
Maybe you just call the place Wink.
Oh, that's good.
But now we're talking about a teen nightclub
and we don't want that.
Don't we?
Because we've already done that.
We don't want to.
Yeah, we've already conquered that market.
What if we call it the Gym Factory 2?
But it's just J-I-M, because it's Jim's house.
What if we just open up a place called Pant Stains?
And then next door, we open up a Dry Cleaners.
Synergy.
And then we open up another teen nightclub next door
to that called Synergy, but S-I-N.
Oh my God, he can't be stopped.
Griffin McElroy's Huntington, West Virginia,
Revitalization Project, now seeking investors.
What are you saying?
What are you saying?
Okay, then we put a church next to that
on the other side to help you.
Like you're just saying like a chain.
And then next to that, we put a Popeye's chicken
for after church lunch meals.
We don't put a church's chicken?
Come on, Griffin.
Then next to that, we do a church's chicken
because that's just like competition.
We don't want to monopolize the market.
I see, okay, got it.
Next to that, we put a bathroom house.
What's that?
Well, it's a place you go to use the bathroom,
but you have to pay 25 cents each time you do it.
And also we have to remove bathrooms from the gym factory
and from Synergy and from the church.
And next to that, a basketball stadium
and we're playing Sim City now.
Yeah, oh, we're gonna put a basketball stadium on that,
but that's just for me.
And it's gonna have a watch tower on top of it
so I can watch.
Oh no, Godzilla's attacking.
Oh no.
Well, we better get...
No Sim City poll, huh?
I ran out.
No Sim City poll?
Oh, that's all right.
And on that disappointing note,
it's time to end this episode of My Brother, My Brother and Me.
We hope you all have had a lot of fun.
We know we have in some parts.
Can I change the name of Huntington?
If I'm putting this much work into it,
can I call it something else?
Yeah.
Okay, cool, Bluntington.
Nice.
Crushed it.
James Bluntington.
Big fan, big fan.
If you want to come see us in Bluntington,
we are gonna do a show December 21st.
It's about 80% sold out.
So get on it.
Go get your tickets.
Go to candleknights.net
and buy tickets to come see us.
It's December 21st, 8 p.m.
I think it's like 20 bucks.
And you can see us and Sawbones,
Marital Tour of Misguided Medicine
that I do with my wife.
Both of those shows at 8 p.m.
That address to get is candleknights.net
or.org if you prefer.
We also want to say thanks again to MeUndies
who are dedicated to offering the most comfortable underwear.
If you go to meundies.com slash my brother,
you can get 20% off your first order.
You should go do that.
They're amazing.
I want to thank John Roderick and The Long Winters
for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album,
putting the days to bed.
They're getting a lot of tweets from people
that are listening to John Roderick
and Jonathan Colton's Christmas album,
One Christmas at a Time.
It's a really good album.
Good eye.
Picking that one up.
I like the one in between is my favorite on there.
Yeah.
You should also go on our Facebook group
and check out, we put up the NBNBA Angels.
Justin, tell us all about it.
Well, sir, a bunch of us are kicking in
to help some people here in West Virginia
have slightly better Christmas.
A lot of hard times, people falling on hard times.
And we, and mainly the listeners
of My Brother, My Brother, Me are gonna help them out.
You can get details on how to do that
and how to become a My Brother, My Brother, Me angel.
Basically, on our Facebook page,
My Brother, My Brother, Me Appreciation Group.
The short version is though,
if you can buy a few gifts for somebody in our area
and you let us know about it,
then we'll record a personal thank you for you.
So let's make Christmas happen for some folks.
Go to Facebook and search for the My Brother,
My Brother, Me Appreciation Group.
And you can find that the top post there
will be about the Angels program.
Or you can go to nbnbam.tumblr.com
and it'll be the first post there as well.
All right, you should also go check out
all the other amazing Maximum Fun shows.
There's tons on there
and you're gonna find one that you love.
Guys, they just put up a trailer
for the Independence Day sequel.
So I actually have to go.
Can you guys finish the show?
Sort of without me,
you think of it as practice for next year
when I'm on my basketball voyage?
I would love to listen to whatever it is you're saying,
but they just dropped a trailer
for the new Independence Day movie.
So I've got to go watch that.
Guys, I hate to jump in.
Sorry, I don't wanna over talk,
but they just put up a trailer for Independence Day.
I wasn't paying attention to whatever shit you guys-
Guys, I hate to interrupt the two of you
while you're talking about whatever you're talking about,
but they just put up a trailer for Beaches 2
and I have to leave
and I have to watch the Beaches 2 trailer immediately.
Son of a beach.
Son of a son of a beach.
Yeah, it's what it's called.
So anyway, Cher's in it
and I just got to go just jerk off to this thing real quick.
Super.
You guys heard about Back to the Future too?
Anyway, that's gonna do it for us.
Thanks for listening to our program.
Life's a beach.
Life's a beach is actually the name of it.
Life's a beach.
Griffin, you have to read the Yahoo Answers
or I'm going to die.
Okay, here's the final Yahoo
and then we can get to the important stuff
that we need to do.
And it was sent in by Zoe Kinski, climb that ladder.
Thank you, Zoe.
Yahoo Answers user number five who asks,
did you lose all respect for Steve Guttenberg
as a serious actor when he did Dancing with the Stars?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
Go on, be watching the trailer.
Finish it.
This is from my brother.
My brother and me kissed your dad's gribble lips.
Hey, girls, do you wanna just say, hey, I wanna?
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
Hi, my name's Justin McElroy.
And I'm Dr. Sydney McElroy.
We host the medical history podcast, Sawbones,
tour of all the weird, stupid, terrible, horrifying,
hilarious ways that we've tried to fix people over the years.
If you haven't been listening to Sawbones,
you've missed out on topics like.
The seasick-proof saloon.
The woman who gave birth to bunnies.
The unkillable Phineas Gage.
The true story of Typhoid Mary.
Polio.
And you can check out Sawbones every Wednesday
by going to iTunes or wherever podcasts are sold.
They don't sell podcasts, I told you this.
Or presented.
Offered for free, it's free.
What better selling point could there be than that?
Every Wednesday, Maximumfun.org
or wherever podcasts are offered, it's Sawbones.
