The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, The Advice Show for the modern era,
and we are celebrating today No More Human Interaction for a year.
Yay! Back to the safety of my shell.
We did Max Fun Con, it was great. We did E3, it was great. I'm done.
Was it? I'm done talking to everybody.
I know Max Fun Con was great. I don't believe you when you say that E3 was great.
Okay, Max Fun Con, it was great. I did E3, it was...
So did you guys have a good time at Max Fun Con?
Max Fun Con was amazing. We made so many new friends,
and there was a man who had a plate of sausages in a hot tub.
That's really the only thing I took away from the entire weekend.
Jesus, guys. Did you not go? Did you not do like any of the...
Did you do the... Like, I went on the spelunking session.
You went on the spelunking session?
Yeah, I went on Ashcon's spelunking session. It was called Ashcon Subterranean Adventure.
Yeah, huh. Subterranean on the late night.
Yeah, it was really nice. We went down deep inside of the mountain, and we fought mole people.
Is that where you... You brought back a sword that was glowing that had some runes etched on it.
It was an etched runed glow sword that lets me know when there are either mole people
or podcasters nearby. So that bitch was going full blown neon the whole weekend.
Now, see, I did the Steve AG's Lazy River session, and I ended up at the bottom of the mountain.
I don't know what happened, and it was terrifying. It was not lazy at all.
Now, the tricky thing about my etched rune sword is that John Hodgman is both a podcaster and a
mole man. Right, so that was...
So I didn't know whether to strike or to giggle.
Last year at the con, I got myself an etched rune sword, but it just lets...
It glows whenever haters are around.
Yeah.
So it lets me know when haters around the corner are about to hate on me.
There weren't that many haters at Max Fun Con, though, were there?
No, no, no, no, no, no. But at E3, it glued so hard, it became sentient and blinded
an Asian businessman. So that was too bad.
This is, of course, an advice program. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby brother, Griffin McElroy. Seriously, guys, if you came out to Max Fun Con,
thank you so much. It really was such a great weekend.
You are all collectively my new best friend.
Yeah.
And L.A., fuck, I'm glad to not be in you anymore.
Hey, L.A.
Hey, L.A., just one quick note. Just, you know, constructive criticism.
You fucking suck.
No, you know what? I'm in the minority.
I'm in the minority of the three, brother. I love L.A.
I'm gonna get a t-shirt that says so.
We love you!
I mean, it was...
Travis walked around with stars in his eyes.
I was like, where's the contracts, people?
I will say, I saw so many celebs. No kidding.
Like...
I saw a shocking...
Aside from, of course, the great celebs there at Max Fun Con, how many...
What celebs did you actually get? What did we get on the show floor?
We got... Well, I saw... We saw Tim Heidecker coming out of the Arclight when we went and saw...
Yeah, he was at our show of Prometheus.
Shitty... Shitty Alien... Shitty Aliens 4.
Um... I saw... I saw Dave Foley just, like, walking the street with his kid.
What? Cut me out. No way.
I saw the saddest thing I saw all week was I saw Verne Troyer rolling into the conference center.
And then I saw a man trip over him.
What? How can you guys say you hate L.A.?
Um...
Well, let's say... Let's just say none of these people were smiling.
Did you guys talk to Dave Foley, by the way?
No, he didn't have the nerve.
I don't know what I would have...
I don't know what I would... Like...
Like, fuck, man. I'm so sorry.
Can I help?
Is there anything I can do to help you, Dave? David?
I'm so... Let's get you back on track.
I just want to set you straight. Is there anything I can...
I can help chip in. Is that a...
We didn't talk to Tim Heidecker either, Travis. We really needed you with us.
See, this is why I should always be there.
Pardon me, sir. Pardon me.
I saw... Who's the woman from Leeds and the West Wing?
Mary Louise Parker?
I thought I saw her at the Burger King and the LAX,
but that doesn't seem very probable, does it?
No, it was probably her. You're probably right.
She was there with, like, a family of, like, maybe a husband and a daughter.
I didn't do the trouble of Wikipediaing it.
I just saw her while I was walking out with my tinder crisp, and I was like,
yeah, that's probably Mary Louise Parker.
The thing about Mary Louise Parker, she loves chicken tenders.
She was eating a chicken tender through a rice mile,
and I was like, oh, that's probably the MLP.
She calls them chicken tenders. That's how excited about them she gets.
She's like, Justin, let's go to the BK, get some tenders.
And I'm like, I don't know, MLP? I'm married.
I'm not sure.
She also calls Nintendo Nintenders, which is really weird.
Let's get into the advice.
Um, I'm going to be driving across the country at the end of June,
and I'm wondering if you have any advice for doing a cross-country road trip.
Mostly, I'm wondering how to avoid going insane while driving by myself
for 12 hours at a time, five days in a row.
That's from West Coast to Best Coast.
Oh, Jesus.
It's urine for a pretty rough trip.
It's going to be kind of a thing.
I did this exactly once.
I drove from Cincinnati down to Huntington and then from Huntington up to Boston.
And most of that was by myself.
And it was a total, it was a total nightmare.
I drove from Huntington to Oklahoma and back a couple times.
Yeah.
I've never taken the plunge and gone completely across country.
I mean, I think everybody at some point like fantasizes about doing like the Route 66,
traveling the American highway.
And I think that that lasts all of about five hours.
And then you hit like Pennsylvania and you're like, oh, this is dump.
Yeah.
Well, actually Pennsylvania is great because Pennsylvania has the turnpike that is,
I think the speed limit on it is 158 miles an hour.
So you can just like get in and it's like a vacuum tube that like sucks you through the state
as quickly as humanly possible.
Whenever I picture doing that, like Route 66, you know, cross-country thing, I always just,
always just, and I know that this is the eight-year-old in me.
I want to stop at every like roadside attraction and giant plaster dinosaur.
Let me taste your gravy.
Yeah.
Now I see here you have the world's best coffee cake.
Let me get a piece of that, please.
I would like to experience this.
I always imagine that if I'm going to drive from one end of the country and another along the way,
I'm going to right a lot of wrongs.
And I don't right wrongs in my neighborhood.
But I kind of feel like if I do that, I'm going to become a wanderer.
And I want to be the kind of wanderer.
I don't want to be the kind of wanderer that steals your kid when they're going to the bathroom.
I want to be the kind of wanderer that sets things right and helps people,
you know, finds people that are missing or maybe like-
So you want to like quantum leap across the country.
Figures out who stole the pie, just like helping, you know?
I want to be like a, like came from kung fu, just helping people.
Or Bill Bixby.
I wish I did that here, but I don't know.
Everybody knows me and they think I'm just, they think like I'm hypocritical.
I think every person of a certain age has that.
Whenever they do go on a long road trip, they try to fill it with a whimsy and a meaning
that just does not exist.
Like they, like as they drive through, they're like, yeah, man, this is life.
This is what it is.
This is the real America.
They, they just watched, they just watched, they just watched Elizabeth town and they
like want every single stop to be like, oh, this is so steeped in history.
I'll be changed because of this.
And I really think that the, the, the, the wheels come off of that wagon really quickly
when you do drive through, say in Oklahoma and you're like, oh, it's 115 degrees here
and I haven't seen a tree.
I want to die.
I want to die.
I probably will.
I mean, I don't, I've never done such a long one.
I mean, my, my typical advice is always just, just the easy stuff.
Like get a book on your phone.
No, she's driving.
She can't do that at all.
That's a horrible advice.
I said on your phone, like get an odd book.
Okay.
I thought you meant like getting an ear.
That cuts, that cuts down on the whimsy.
You know what I'm saying?
Like you can't really appreciate, you can't soak in America and life and this American
life if you're listening to, you know, the new Grisham, it's hard for you to roll the
window down and put your hand out the window and do that, like do that snake thing and
just like, let your hair blow one with the fucking road.
You know, you can't do that when John Rhys Davies is in your ear.
Just like telling you how it is.
Well, what, I mean, what preach it Jim Dale, let's do this.
Should we, man, I, I do miss Maury.
I wish I had my Maury to spend Tuesdays with.
This is a good book.
Wait, oh fuck, I'm here already.
That I, that was convenient.
See, this is why I recommend podcasts instead of the books because I get caught up in the
book and I'm like, but what's going to happen to Harry?
And then all of a sudden I'm swerving all over the road.
What, how, how into this book are you?
Well, whenever I, whenever I listened to the book on tape version of the novelization
of Harry and the Hendersons, I get pretty into it.
Don't punch him again.
He just wants to live with you and be a family and love.
Damn it.
Novelized version of John Lithgow.
He just wants to stay with it.
Oh, I'm in a holiday inn.
Just drove into it.
Fuck.
Just drove into the building.
I'm in the pool.
God damn it.
Wait, there's John Lithgow.
That's John.
John, you're not going to believe this man.
Listen, how's your fish?
Oh yeah, it's a fish.
Something expensive.
Really your two options are whimsy, but that's going to require a lot of work.
A lot of suspension and disbelief.
A lot of prepro, a lot of yelping.
A lot of yelping or total turn your mind off.
Just like distraction.
It's like sleeping, but you have to be awake to do it.
You have to zone out so hard.
And there are podcasts that will do that for you.
Prairie Home Companion.
It might be a great horrible, horrible posture thing.
I do when I'm driving by myself on a long stretch of road.
Set the cruise control and I'll sit cross legged.
Oh God, Travis.
Travis, you really do that?
Not that I haven't done it in a long time because I haven't been on like a big.
But like when you're driving back from Oklahoma,
there are literally like 40, 50 miles of straight nothing road.
Like you don't see another car for half hour, 45 minutes at a time.
But trade off, it takes you 30 car lengths to stop your vehicle.
That is a little, you set your cruise control.
You get a little shut eye.
This person stopped in front of me.
I got to hold on.
Wait, I need to.
I was doing yoga.
Charlie Horse.
Charlie Horse.
Is there anything scarier than accidentally falling asleep behind the wheel?
And not realize, is this not a thing that you guys have done?
Oh yeah.
I just feel really alive afterwards though.
I drive, like don't do it.
Like it was the stupidest thing I've ever done.
I tried to drive back from Bonnaroo the day that it ended.
So I was still like floating on opium and no, that's a joke.
Opium is a body.
Body just coursing with American cigarettes, tobacco, American spirits, great tobacco.
Just American spirits and opium and some sort of, it was like a black oil and I drank it.
What do you mean oil?
I guess it was just, it might've just been oil.
But a man gave it to me and he called it spirit water.
Anyway, I was just rolling, I was floating on spirit water.
I was floating on spirit water and had a van full of people and I was like,
all right, time to go home.
And I drove the seven hours back from Tennessee to West Virginia overnight.
And I would just like, I would just like be driving.
And then all of a sudden I would hit a rumble strip
and realize that I was in a different state than I was a second ago.
Jesus.
That's terrifying.
And I did, but I couldn't have been asleep the whole time, right?
Cause I'm talking about entire state jumping.
I'm talking about, it must've been some sort of, some sort of twilight region
between sleep and awakeness.
Anyway.
There was a long period of time when I worked in Charleston
and I was driving an hour to work and an hour back.
And there would be times that I would leave work and suddenly be at home.
And like, I couldn't tell you anything.
How did this happen?
There was no whimsy.
Well, I meant for this to be such a whimsical return trip
and instead I'm home and oh no, it was all a dream.
I'm dead and in heaven.
I think it might be a really great opportunity.
Just what if you could spend the entire time with no stimulus?
Just spend it thinking about everything and just clearing it.
Oh, put some tape over the clock.
Yeah, just clear it out completely.
Put some tape over the windshield even.
Need some mushrooms.
No, not that.
That's kind of stimulating.
I mean, just watch Fantasia 2000.
Go down.
Just get in there, get a broom and just unpack your adjectives, you know?
Just sweep it all out.
Yeah.
Get everything that's been on your mind out.
Figure out where you are going.
By the end of it, you'll be Maury.
You don't need to spend two days with him anymore because you'll be him.
I think I would eat my own arm in this scenario that you have described.
All right, fine.
Just for something to do?
Just for the novelty?
I have two arms now, I want to be like with one arm.
This will be whimsical.
Do you want a Yahoo answer?
I do.
It was sent in by Ethan Booker.
Thanks, Ethan.
It's about Yahoo Answers user Jamal who asks,
What was the goal of Al-Qaeda in their assassination of Dale Earnhardt?
Oh, no.
What?
In February 2001, members of Al-Qaeda tested their infiltration skills on American soil
by sabotaging the race car of Dale Earnhardt Sr., which ultimately resulted in his death.
Several reliable sources indicate that this was an attempt to destroy the country's morale
in the months before the planned 9-11 attacks.
However, it's common knowledge that most U.S. citizens do not watch NASCAR.
If so, what was Al-Qaeda's motivation for killing Dale Earnhardt?
Okay, first and foremost, disclaimer, Dale Earnhardt was a perfectly fine human being
and it's a tragedy of his loss.
What the fuck?
I mean, I think everyone knew that.
We don't have to, we're just telling people.
Yeah, but I'm probably going to launch into my anti-Dale Earnhardt thing later.
I did not know that you had strong feelings one way or the other towards Earnhardt.
I do not have strong feelings towards Dale Earnhardt.
It sounds like you're about to have them.
Well, I have strong feelings towards the number three never forget and it being everywhere
and like it was a tragedy, but this making him a saint.
I almost lost a job over at once.
I think that, anyways, I don't like NASCAR.
How did you lose a job over here?
I have to know how you almost lost a job.
You can't just leave those breadcrumbs out.
Come on.
No, I brought it up and my boss literally looked at me and said, take it back.
And I said, excuse me.
And he said, I swear to God, take it back or you're fired.
What job was this?
It was when I was working in a shop at OU and I made a joke about how he, oh God, this
is a terrible joke, but I was an asshole in college and I said, all he did was drive a
race car really fast and apparently not that well.
Oh, Travis.
I know, I don't defend the joke now, but is that really something to fire a man over?
I don't think, just cause the man didn't, didn't tweak his bit, you know, like just
cause you didn't punch up the gag.
Oh, wait, was this a comedy improv shop?
I thought I was here to workshop these gags.
I was at the chuckle garage and we were just getting deep into a bit and,
Dale had you hoisted it up, was lubing it.
I was lubing the bit and he was like, hey, apologize.
And so I was like, I'm sorry.
And he was like, that was close.
How?
Thanks man.
If you had an apologist, I don't know what I would have done.
I lose, I entirely lose control of my body and actions.
I start thinking about the intimidator and it's literally, I go black and red.
Literally the next day he came in, in like full like t-shirt, jacket, t-shirt, oh, like
you didn't already fucking know.
Like he had to, uh, like just to really drive the point home, huge Earnhardt fan.
Now listen, you can't apologize to Dale Earnhardt himself.
You're going to either apologize to junior or you're going to apologize to Barry pepper
who played him in the hit sports channel miniseries three.
Apologize to Barry pepper.
Go call up Barry pepper.
Go call up Barry pepper.
I'm sorry Barry pepper.
I'm sorry junior.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry Barry pepper.
Now leave me alone.
I'm going to go jerk off with this Benzoil.
God damn it.
This is 530.
This is 530.
I need 400 to get it in there.
I don't like this guy you work for, Travis.
I want to call him.
How awkward is the apology that you have to make to somebody when you make a tasteless
Dale Earnhardt joke?
Because are you?
It was pretty awkward.
Cause we were also like on our backs underneath a platform attaching legs.
So we're going, we're lying next to each other in the dark.
So it was like doubly creepy.
Kind of romantic.
The other thing was it's a dude in theater, right?
Like in no way would I have ever suspected that this was a touchy subject with him prior
to this.
Right.
Cause you were dissing terry cloth bathrobes and small dogs, right?
Yeah.
What are you saying?
Um, oh shit.
Why does, why did I have to, I know we've gone over this, but I have to know why he
demanded an apology and wasn't just like, Oh, that was kind of tasteless.
What does you apologizing to him get him in the long run?
He felt I had crossed the line, I guess.
I don't know what line that was.
Yeah, but he is not a conduit for the Earnhardt estate, you know, he actually was the executor
of the Earnhardt estate.
And I failed to mention that earlier on in the story.
He was Dale Earnhardt jr.
I should have said that.
You have to listen.
If you, if you believe in Dale Earnhardt hard enough, and if that's a big part of your belief
system, then you have to clap your hands and you have to believe that Dale is watching
us all the time.
Dale is watching us, Dale is watching us, Dale is watching us from a distance.
If you don't believe that, that he is always seeing you, that he can see the tasteless
joke you made, that he can see me making fun of Barry Pepper.
He doesn't care for that either.
If you can't believe that Dale is omnipotent, omniscient, omnipresent, and omnifast, then
what's your belief system?
Travis, how many, Travis, how many Hail Berries did you have to do, uh, after you've created
that sentence?
I'm sorry, it's actually a Hey Barry!
That's what it's called.
When you, when you make a tasteless Dale Earnhardt jr., uh, senior joke, you have to do eight
Hey Berries, and, um, if you say something about how Dale Earnhardt jr. is gonna lose
a race, that's only two Hey Berries!
What, what did Al Qaeda have against him?
You know what they had against him.
What?
Cause he, cause he was so inspirational to us.
He was, this was a man, Justin, who, uh, played by his own rules, changed the rules, uh, there's,
there's something to be said about the immeasurable amount of freedom had by these men who are
only allowed to drive in a circle very carefully.
Right.
Um, and so, they took that sign of freedom, it's like if they had, if they had single-handedly
killed all bald eagles on the planet, uh, that's pretty much what they did when they
killed Dale Earnhardt jr.
I do really like, I like the logic of this theory, which is, they had, so they were planning
9-11, and they said, okay, so that's pretty bad, but what can we do to undermine the morale
of the country?
Cause 9-11's not gonna do it.
It's just a massive miscalculation, I think, if you're sitting in a room planning on 9-11,
and you say, you know, the problem with this plan is it's not gonna make people in red
states hate brown people enough.
Yeah.
They're not gonna, they're not gonna be too upset about it, we really need to dig into
those guys and get like, no, they were, they're gonna be the angriest, like they're gonna
be so angry at anybody who looks like you for the longest time, they're gonna be mad
at like Harry Hamlin, like, it's gonna get bad, okay?
It's gonna get real, they're gonna get, they're gonna get really mad at anybody who even remotely
looks like you.
I don't think you need to also kill Dale Earnhardt.
Can you imagine on the day that Dale Earnhardt, Sr. died, being a graphic designer who had
really only nailed down italicized numbers and wings?
Yeah.
Like, it must have been just like the best day for that one guy.
Mhmm.
Especially if he just hooked up with like a plate manufacturer, like, it's so fucking,
ugh, time to print some gold.
Oh, gosh.
I'm sorry, you know, we brought the show down, I feel like.
I feel like, let's, what could cheer, is there any way we could cheer up Griffin?
I know a great way we can cheer up when we can ponder the death of Dale Earnhardt, Sr.
That's to watch Comedy Bang Bang every Friday at 10, 9 central on IFC.
It's an absurd half hour comedy show that only looks like a talk show, it's comedy so
nice, they banged it twice.
With your host Scott Ackerman, a band led by Reggie Watts, and it's got amazing guests
from some of the biggest names in comedy like Amy Poehler, Zach Galifianakis, and Seth Rogen.
So you could catch that and give it a watch.
Give it a watcher.
Hey, I need help overcoming my absent mind in this.
Ever since I was a kid, I've been prone to misplacing things, forgetting, what, what?
I've been prone to misplacing things, forgetting appointments, and suddenly realizing I have
no idea what I came in the room looking for.
Generally, I'm very good natured about it, but now that I'm a young professional with
bills and deadlines, I spend more and more time worried that I'm forgetting something
important.
What can I do to improve my memory and maintain some peace of mind?
That's from Leonard Shelby.
You gotta put it in the cloud.
Is that the key?
I don't know.
Is that like let go and let God?
Yeah, let go and let God.
Jesus take this wheel from me, please.
Jesus take my appointments down.
Jesus is my stenographer.
Got it.
Okay.
Dictated, but not written by Jesus.
So yeah, you got to put it in the cloud.
Keep keep keep E files of everything.
That's what I have to do after the second that anyone tells me I have to put a calendar
to eat breakfast or I forget oatmeal is a thing.
What do you normally end up eating then?
Nothing.
I ended up eating the hunger.
There's a sad realization to make about yourself.
I know got to put it in the cloud.
Is there a what's the name for that?
When you forget something that you're like you walk in a room and you forget what you're
going to be doing in the room.
There's a there's an idiom for it in another country.
Does anyone know?
Forgetful?
Fushigi.
Fushigi.
Oh, man.
I went a whole week without practicing Fushigi.
That's the real human cost of my life.
Can I tell you something though?
What?
You can put that shit in the cloud.
That's true.
I could have been working with it in the cloud for the whole week.
I could have been I could have had my Johnny Mnemonic virtual reality gloves on and I could
have been manipulating my Fushigi during my mini break.
And you still schedule breaks would not have been the nerdiest looking person at either
Max von Connery 3.
You know what I do to help remember things?
What's that?
It's not a joke.
I'm really bad about setting things down in random places like without thinking.
And then when I go to look for it later, it's like on top of the refrigerator or in a drawer
in my kitchen or something.
I loudly announce exactly what I'm doing whenever I set something down.
No, you don't.
I do too.
No way.
When I'm at work and I need to like I'm putting my keys down.
I'll say like I'm putting them in this chair.
I do because I have at work because I work in a very large theater.
I will put my keys down somewhere and then when it's time to leave, we will spend forty
five minutes looking for where I put my keys down.
So this way I just announce where I'm putting them down.
And so when I say where did I put my keys?
Everyone that was in the room will say you put them in that chair.
Now listen, I know I know sometimes I get a little overzealous about Dale Earnhardt,
but I work with a guy who announces every goddamn thing he does today.
He said, I'm eating my twenty seventh bite of this muffin.
I'm eating my twenty eighth bite of the muffin.
Is it I'm throwing the wrapper away.
Is it possible, Travis, that you are actually being haunted by the mischievous specter of
Dale Earnhardt Senior because of your tasteless comedy, Goofs, and he just moves your things
around on you?
Is it possible?
Is it is it likely?
Yes.
Is it 100 percent certain exactly what's happening?
Every culture has its own Dale Earnhardt.
Some people call him the Sasquatch, some the Yeti.
In Japan, Dale Earnhardt fills his children's shoes with motor oil if they have been bad.
If they have been good, he leaves them a koozie.
Hello, Ricky.
Have you been good this year?
I'm going to leave you a koozie filled with Skoal tobacco products.
This is the kooziest Christmas.
This is the kooziest.
You know, every child in Whoville had no koozies, yet Christmas came anyway.
Someone had stolen all the koozies.
That is my favorite rank and bass animated series when the Japanese specter of Dale Earnhardt
has to travel across the globe and recapture the koozies that the evil insert other race
car driver's name here has stolen from around the globe.
Jeff Gordon, is he still on the pro circuit?
We could do Jeff Gordon.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Remember me?
Known for being an evil koozie thief.
Jeff Gordon is the perfect thief.
Jeff Gordon hates fresh and cold beverages.
Koozies and oil, koozies and oil, mean so much more when I see that black liquid filling
up koozies under racing Christmas trees.
Other countries are much weirder than ours when it comes to holidays, I think.
You got to respect it, though.
You got to respect it.
Oh, Christ.
Did you ask it?
Maybe the guy was Japanese, Travis.
Did you ask if he was Japanese?
Maybe that was the problem.
No goof I can make here won't be racist.
I want to move on, please.
We've entered into this weird Venn diagram of racism where redneck people and Japanese
people cross over.
Oh, Christ.
So yeah.
This is goofy, but I take a... This is really goofy, actually, but I'll take a picture.
I'll make my fingers like a frame and then take a mind picture of something.
If I need to remember where it is, do you say like click?
No, I'm not like a crazy person.
I just take the mind picture and then I'll remember like, oh, okay, I put this down here
so I don't forget it.
That's a whimsical thing that you can do on a car drive.
It's just like snap pics, make a little frame with your hand.
It's hard to Instagram them, though.
You know what really makes me super mad is the fact that my memory is selective, but
also really shitty.
It's shitty about the things that it selects to remember.
I can't remember to eat my oatmeal in the morning, but I can remember the password to
Mega Man 2 that is saved right before you've finished all of the Robot Masters except for
Quick Man.
I can remember the exact pattern that password is, but I cannot remember my dad's phone number
if I need to in case of emergency.
I've learned over the last couple of days in communicating with one of my new Max Funcon
friends, Rhea Butcher, that I can tell you every tertiary character in Back to the Future
1, 2, and 3, but I cannot tell you the names of most people I met at Max Funcon.
Which is a shame, because we kept seeing them over and over again.
And they wore name tags.
They wore basically little things that said, hey, stupid, this is my name.
Travis actually couldn't remember their names in the time it took his eyes to travel from
their name tags to their eyes, so it was pretty humiliating.
He had to do this quick up and down dance.
It looked like he was just nodding very intently, but actually he was just like, Jeff, okay,
Jeff.
Fuck!
Hold on.
I've gotten really good at heyduting.
Yeah.
Hey, bud.
No, actually, heyduting is where you pretend to be one of the characters from the Nickelodeon
show Hey Dude.
Preferably Ted.
Yeah, sure.
Hi.
My name is Melody.
Hi, I'm Ted.
Did you see how Travis actually just set up that conversation with a plan to sabotage
it?
Thank you.
Thank you for appreciating the prep of the goof.
I wish- What's up, girl?
I just wish I could remember things better, or I wish I could remember more practical
things, because it is almost never that I can impress somebody with my Mega Man 2 password
knowledge.
I actually, whenever I have something I have to remember, I feel like I'm racing against
time until I can put it in my phone as a reminder.
I shit you not, I agree.
You got to have buckets.
I mean, that's the only thing that I can tell you is buckets for... I use a service called
Remember the Milk, which is a... It's in the cloud.
It is just a big to-do list that is parsed out with different areas of your life.
When I have something I know I need to do, the only time I can breathe easy is when I'm
like race... Is when I can actually type it in to Remember the Milk.
It's like, okay, got it.
That's in there.
I don't have to worry about it anymore, but until then, I can't leave the room.
I can't stand up.
My brain won't hold on to it for more than 20 seconds, and then it'll just be gone forever.
That's a problem.
There's a memento where you blink your eyes, or you look away and look back, and it's gone.
I will sit here and say to myself, don't forget to grab that bag on the way out the door.
Don't forget to grab that bag on the way out the door.
Then if I turn and do something else, I'm out the door and I've left the bag, unless
I do it in that second.
That's the problem with the cloud is that I'll be on a bus playing Chrono Trigger,
and I'll be like, I'm going to check my email, and so I go back to the home screen, and then
I see my cloud, and I'm like, oh shit, I haven't been in my cloud in a while, and I'll go in
and I'll be like, oh fuck, I was supposed to pick Billy up from his locker practice
two and a half weeks ago.
I put it in the cloud, but I forgot to go back in the cloud.
Now he's just a cute little skeleton.
Now I have a tattoo of a cloud on the back of my hands, so I know.
Just peep the cloud.
So I guess that's good advice, just do everything right away.
Don't wait.
Or just eat some ginkgo biloba, or be fucking smarter than we are.
Yeah, that would be good if you could figure out what combinations of supplements you
need to take to remember shit.
Now, this is going to sound like a goof, but I've actually always wondered this, because
they always have it in movies and TV shows, like professional business people have personal
assistants.
Is that a real thing that you can just hire someone to do, or do you have to be a signed
one at a business?
I make the internet my personal assistant.
By which I mean, I'll get on Twitter and be like, hey Twitter, in like a half hour, can
you remind me to take my vitamins?
And how's that working out for you?
Not very well.
Not well.
I'll get a tweet like a half hour later, but it's like, suck my dick.
And I'm like, that's, I don't think that's what I was supposed to do.
But I didn't need any vitamin dick.
Yeah.
Let's go to the money zone.
What was that, chuckles the clown?
This message is for Cara Joy Chapman.
She's at Chapman Cara on Twitter, and it's from Israel Johnson.
They're best friends.
She's a college student, future coolest elementary school teacher ever been listening since episode
three and got me into the show for my episode 11.
Last year we went to the Cincy live show for her birthday where she got that poster Justin
mentioned in her Twitter profile pic.
She's turning 20 June 13th.
Happy birthday, best friend.
Love Israel at the monster truck rally this Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, one man against the
world.
Four wheels, hot rod, birthday, birthday.
The ghost of Dale Earnhardt poster.
The Japanese ghost of Dale Earnhardt in Cara Chapman's birthday.
First hundred kids who've been good all year through the door get a koozie supply by Japanese
Dale Earnhardt's ghost.
Happy birthday, Cara.
Happy birthday, Cara.
I want to tell you guys about an album, a musical album on Bandcamp by Red Sky Phenomenon.
It's an album that is entirely made on a Nintendo DS using the Korg DS 10, which is a Nintendo
DS game that is sort of an emulator of the Korg synthesizer.
The album's named Your Own Price, meaning you can get it for a buck or two or you can
get it for free and you can check it out at Red Sky Phenomenon dot Bandcamp dot com.
Wait a minute, this guy just played DS for an hour and yours was giving money for it?
He played Pokemon Platinum and he recorded it.
He recorded the sounds.
You can get a video of me playing Pokemon for two hours.
God, I would probably do that.
You would buy that?
I probably would, yeah.
I like seeing how people develop their tactics and which Pokemons they go on.
God damn it, you've got a problem.
You've got a serious problem.
I like to be the best.
This podcast is supported by Bing, making search social.
Use Bing to include results from both the web at large and also social media sites like
Facebook and Twitter, pulling content from your own friends and from the experts.
More online at Bing dot com.
Bing is for doing.
For doing what?
It.
It.
It's for doing it?
Yeah.
I love Bing.
I don't think they want their message to read like that.
Bing is for doing magic.
You know with some of the sponsors we have on the show, they like it when we get silly
with it.
I'm not sure Bing wants us to get silly.
Bing is for riffing.
What if I said, uh.
It's yours for friendship.
What if I said, I'm trying to Bing tonight.
What if I said, hold on, wait, let me try this.
You know what my favorite character from Friends is?
Shandler Google.
No, wait, that's not it.
Okay, this is pretty good.
This is a good, now, listen, seriously guys, I don't think Bing wants their corporate message
chopped and screwed in that special way.
The only way to do it.
Okay, how about this?
How about this?
Bing wants to like read these things and then dip out.
We read it.
I'm just saying that Google has been horseshit lately.
I don't know what they do anymore.
Yeah, they spend all their time making goofy logos and then what the fuck?
I don't even get those logos.
I don't even get search results anymore.
How about this?
I search something like, I don't know, both.
How about this?
Bing, colon, because Google sucks now and what else are you going to use, Alta Vista,
dummy?
Chaps, do you want to tell us about this next thing?
Sure.
Smooth.
So, there's a, once again, we've got another Kickstarter and I tell you what, this one
looks awesome.
Basically, we're looking to support word realms and so I'm sure everyone knows Kingdom of
Loathing.
Oh yeah.
The incredible stick figure game.
This is from the people that brought you Kingdom of Loathing and so think Words with Friends
if it was an RPG fighting game and basically, through the construction of words using word
tiles, you're able to do attacks and stuff and it looks just incredible and they describe
it as fisticuffs scrabble, which is basically like the best thing I've ever heard.
The single person version is already finished and it can be yours for just $11 for a Kickstarter
donation.
There's only 11 days left on the Kickstarter, so make sure you go to wordrealms.com and
check it out now before it's too late.
Trust me, you won't regret it.
It looks incredible.
Sounds really neat.
I get down on RPGs and word games and this sounds like a nice collabo of those two.
Yeah, so go check it out now before it's too late.
There's only 11 days left, so don't wait.
So for Bing, what if Bing, what if it was just like, Bing.
That's good.
And that's the whole thing.
Oh, that's nice.
BONG!
Nope, nope, you blew it.
BING!
There it is.
So that's my Bing joke.
I wish I could just make the jingle for the Korg album Pokemon, like me playing Pokemon
on my Nintendo.
Why can't you do that?
I can, actually.
Griffin, can you just sing along with the theme?
Yeah.
Money's own.
This time is for Red Sky Phenomenon.
He made an album on the Korg DS-10.
It's like Pokemon with less Pokemon.
Everybody's got to pick it up.
Nobody likes Fleet Foxes anymore.
Fill the Fleet Foxes void.
I think that's all I got.
It's hard to sing along with this version.
This is like the Chop and Screwed remix.
Sounds like somebody losing their mind.
I hear you saying that, and I instinctively want to give you three dollars and ask if
I can take you to the nearest shelter.
WordRealms.com.
I need help.
Can you have some soup?
I live on soup.
I live on the streets.
I fight with words.
I yell at the dogs at night.
Is that audio coming?
How are my levels?
Is that audio coming through at all?
It's good levels.
So visit those places.
The speaker on the Game Boy Micro, it's surprisingly-
Dang it.
Yeah.
Well, this is all I'm doing now during the show.
Griffin, put it down.
Put it down.
Okay.
All right.
I'm going to put it down.
Griffin, I can hear you playing the game.
Do you guys want a Yahoo answer?
Yes.
Yeah.
This one was sent in by Josh Papow.
I haven't decided if it's the kind of question that we could get in trouble for reading yet.
Okay.
Yay.
Yay.
Thank you, Josh.
It's about Yahoo Answers.
Here's your question, Mark, who asked, really freaked out my girlfriend.
Need help?
As a teenager, I suffered from severe depression and formed a strong bond with the character
Garfield and his outlook.
It's sad, but reading Garfield anthologies obsessively was the only thing that made me
feel normal, and it eventually took on something of an erotic fixation.
Oh, no.
I think you mispronounced normal.
Reading Garfield books obsessively made me feel normal.
To avoid feeling like a sicko, I drew pictures of Garfield with a woman's, I think a Pamela
Anderson circa 1991, body and Garfield's head so that I was assured that my fixation wasn't
with animals or repressed homosexuality.
This Garfield-Pam hybrid still had the same biting wit and acerbic outlook and tended
to cut herself in self-loathing while wolfing down a lasagna to fill the void after sleeping
with drawings of a much more handsome and muscular version of myself.
These drawings eventually evolved into erotic fan fiction starring Garfield and myself.
In my head, Garfield still has a woman's body, but someone reading the stories would think
I'm having sex with regular Garfield.
I killed off John in a jealous rage.
I didn't touch Odie.
I enjoy his companionship and don't mind if he watches.
The stories are your pretty basic wish fulfillment stuff, balanced with a self-loathing rants.
I've been doing this near daily for years and I have a substantial amount of writing
in a folder I keep buried in eight different folders.
My girlfriend stumbled across them by accident when they came up in a search and is pretty
freaked out.
How can I show her I'm just a normal guy with a weird outlet for my psychological problems
and not some kind of sicko?
And then they included a sample of some of the erotic fiction and I didn't think I would
ever say this on this podcast, but it's too gross to read out loud.
Okay, first and foremost, ladies and gentlemen at home listening to our podcast, after this,
I don't want to receive any questions of how to meet people and fall in love because this
fucker found a girlfriend.
So on the days that he has unconsensual sex with Garfield in a woman's body, does that
happen on Mondays?
Because that would definitely make a lot of sense.
That would fill in a lot of gaps for me in the narrative.
I also like that he had to go out of his way to clarify that it had nothing to do with
repressed homosexuality.
Anybody who stumbled upon this would be like, you want to have sex with Garfield?
What are you gay?
Yeah, no, no gay boys living in my house.
You'll have sex with Garfield's girlfriend or nothing.
You'll love Gadget and that's it.
Now maybe, just maybe, if you put his head on Pamela Anderson's body, maybe we could
make that work.
Guys, I know different strokes for different folks.
Listen, we've all got something buried deep inside that you never, ever, ever want anybody
to know ever.
Now, I'm not saying mine would be as weird as putting a woman's body on Garfield's head,
but it's pretty fucking weird.
The secret to not getting made fun of is that you can't tell the entire world, which is
on the internet.
This is a secret you can never, you're embarrassed your girlfriend found out, so you decided
to put it on the internet?
How bad are you at internet?
You can't hide a Yahoo answer in folders, because I found it.
I found it and I know it forever now.
Now everyone knows, it's a ripple effect.
It's a butterfly effect.
Because you put this out, there's going to be a tornado somewhere, because you want to
fuck Garfield.
Right.
But you know the worst thing about it is that by setting a new bar of creepiness, the perpetual
creep out arms race that is the internet, someone else is now going to have to do something
weirder and creepier than this.
It's like the last scene of Batman.
It's escalation.
I've always been a fan of Heathcliff.
Time to step up my game.
Time to step up my game.
Time to put a fucking Steve Buscemi's body on Heathcliff's head.
And then I'm going to fuck that.
Then I'm going to fuck that thing up.
Come here.
What are you, Cat Burt?
I really love the rabbit hole-esque quality of this question, where he kept trying to
make it better and was only making it worse.
By putting Garfield's head on Pamela Anderson, that was supposed to in some way improve the
situation, but I feel that it made it creepier.
Yeah, there's nothing that's going to get you out of that.
Even if at the end you're like, and that's what Tree of Life was about, nothing is going
to save you.
I think when you drop the sentence, I killed John off in a jealous rage.
Yeah.
But I like it when Odie watches.
I wonder what his position on Nermal is.
Why not just fuck Nermal for fuck's sake?
Is Nermal, I thought Nermal, well one, it's still a cartoon cat, but a dude, right?
Is it Nermal a dude?
I thought Nermal was the lady cat.
Nermal's, I'm pretty sure Nermal's asexual, not that that's going to slow this guy down.
Fair enough.
Sure.
Do you guys think, I'm just, if Jim Davis ever saw these drawings, I think he would
literally fucking die.
I think he would fucking die.
I think his heart would explode in his chest and he would die.
He would say my baby and then he'd die.
Yeah he's fine with Garfield minus Garfield, but Garfield plus dick.
Yeah.
Garfield plus.
Garfield plus a vagina.
Garfield plus sweet tits.
Garfield minus Garfield, plus Garfield's head, plus sweet tits, plus a strange dick.
This is awful.
I feel like the answer for this guy is simple and that is you are fighting a losing battle
trying to convince him that you're not a sicko.
I think you need to accept the fact that you are a sicko and it's part of what makes you
you and maybe, I don't know, try to turn it around on her.
How do you, Travis, tell me how to make that fucking riposte work and I'll quit the show.
You say like, well yeah I want to fuck Garfield but you never wear matching socks.
Okay.
What's wrong with you?
Yeah sure.
At least mine's imaginary.
And you don't want to have sex with the lights on.
Yeah.
That's a problem.
Only because I wear my Heathcliff mask, weirdo.
I wouldn't want to do anything with the lights on in a room with this guy.
I would be too afraid he'd find me.
I need to be able to make a quick egress.
Hey, real quick, just for a second.
Let's play devil's advocate here and just like get ourselves in this guy's head space
and just like imagine.
No, I'm not.
I don't want to do that at all.
Guys, come on, come on, come through the door.
We're going to step into this guy's mind.
What if I die in this dream?
You die in the dream and you're stuck in Garfield fucking limbo forever.
You need Joseph Gordon-Levitt to give you the kick.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, the kick.
He'll kick you in the head until you die.
Hey, Garfield, give me the kick.
I'm ready.
Okay.
Um, which would you, which, no, come on.
Which would you prefer?
Pamela Anderson body and Garfield head or Garfield body and Pamela Anderson head?
If you had to party down on one of those bad boys, which would you go with?
Additional information.
The Garfield head is wearing sunglasses.
Garfield body suction cup hands or no suction cup hands?
Either or.
Whichever you, whichever would feel be more pleasurable.
Will Garfield's head be into it?
Is he being acerbic and biting or is he down?
Does he realize, okay, okay.
Does Garfield's head on Pamela Anderson's body realize that his very existence is a
sin against God or is he like into it with, does he know that he's a misfit toy or is
he DTF?
Or is he like DTF, like ready to fuck?
And same question for Pamela Anderson head on Garfield body.
Is she like wildly like screaming at the horror, the human centipede ass kind of situation
that she has been placed in or is she like ready?
Or was she born into this world as an abomination and has accepted it over the years?
I think that, I think the gypsy curse that put her in this, this sad state, uh, I think
she knows about it.
I think she's been aware of it for, for quite some time.
So I think that they have both, they've both been in this world like this for such a long
time.
And they are just happy to have some companionship.
Okay.
Garfield.
Do they hang out with each other?
Cause that's how you're making it sound.
Um, no, I think that probably weirdest brothel in the world.
Yeah.
That would probably be awkward.
Um, yeah.
I mean, obviously Garfield's head would prefer feeling companionship, but he realizes that
that is anatomically improbable.
Is there a danger?
Okay.
This is, this is actually what I need to know.
This is key.
Obviously these two things have been created by, by science, not God.
This is nothing.
God did it.
If I have sex with Pam body, Garfield head, is there a danger of impregnation?
Because I'm pretty sure that would bring about the antichrist.
Is that a danger?
I need you to answer this for me.
Um, I dunno.
It would be human ovaries down there.
I'm just saying if we're getting science on it, like it probably human ovaries, but
then again, I don't know cause if it didn't have a hybrid DNA, then it would reject your
seed.
Your seed would find no purchase in her, her, her loamy soil.
Okay.
Let me ask you one more question.
Okay.
Please.
Is Odie there and is he just jerking it so right?
Odie loves what he sees either, either way, either scenario, Odie's down, Odie is down
to clown.
Uh, there is.
Justin, do you want to pick first?
Well Griffin, you asked the questions that you have to answer.
I'll say, I'll say if it's Bill Murray's voice, pan body, Garf head, well, well I'm flaccid
forever now.
He had a good run.
I knew it would happen.
I knew it would happen eventually.
Travis?
Oh no.
I've already killed myself in this situation.
Decenting opinion from, from justice, from justice McElroy?
I think.
Okay.
What did you choose?
I went pan Bobby, pan body, Garf head, uh, Bill, Bill Murray voice.
Okay.
I'm going to go.
So Travis is dead.
Travis, if, if afforded the options, Travis would kill himself.
Can I throw Travis's body at the corpse and buy myself enough time, Travis's corpse at
the creation and buy myself enough time to get out?
Here's the problem though.
You throw it at pan body, Garf head.
Who's that coming up from behind?
It's Garf body, pan head and, and it is very upset.
Okay.
For many reasons.
You have in your inventory, a dagger and a shield, open doors, open doors are West and
North.
Okay.
Can I, I am going to go with pan head, Garfield body, but Lorenzo music voice.
Um, I have a thing with the real Ghostbusters, so I think that would be enough to get me
through it.
You're worried, you're worried about finishing, I can't, I can't, you also changed Pam Anderson's
voice to Garfield's.
No listen, if I have, if I, if it's, I have too much respect for Bill Murray's work, if
it's Lorenzo music, Pamela Anderson's voice, if I, if it's, I don't see why Pam Anderson's
voice is not going to come out of Garfield's head and I, I find Larry the crash test dummy
to be a very soothing sexual influence.
So if I can pretend that if it's Lorenzo music's voice and I can pretend it's Peter
Venkman of the Ghostbusters cartoon or Larry the crash test dummy, or perhaps even tummy
gummy from Disney's adventure gummy bears.
How many other cartoons can you ruin for me right now?
I can't.
That's all Lorenzo music that I'm aware of, probably something else that didn't even,
that thought didn't even the thought of what would be the most sexually pleasurable that
didn't even cross my mind.
This is pure survival instincts.
I can't think about Bill Murray even, I don't want to ruin Bill Murray.
Like I don't think that that's that much to ask.
I don't want to ruin Bill Murray for myself.
We need to, we need to pull out of this nosedive.
Let's move on.
Pull out of something.
Hey, I am 24 and I'm trying to get my sexies so right, but I'm afraid there's one thing
that's holding me back, vidya games.
I love them, play them all the time, talk about them all the time and most people my
age seem to enjoy them as well, but I can't seem to shake the feeling that they are kid
stuff and that people think of me as a man child when I play my game boy at Starbucks.
I really don't want to stop playing, but is it time to put down childish things and start
reading a newspaper?
That's from digitally distraught in Davis.
Oh man, this, oh fuck, this is really rough because Justin and I both write about games
for a living and so I don't want to sound like they are a thing that you should be ashamed
of, but I do have a real problem with playing them on like handheld devices in public.
You know what?
I feel the same way.
I play video games a lot and when I started reading this question, I did not have a problem
with it until you hit the phrase game boy, which let's face it is not like not designed
to sound manly in any way.
I don't think that's, I don't think that there's something that suddenly becomes very childish
about this handheld game.
I don't think the problem is the name of it.
I don't think people are walking by and saying game boy, huh?
I need a game man.
I want my tall vintage rip.
No, it's not about getting a game man.
It's about the difference.
It's just like it is, it's named that way and so, you know, it's not exactly, I'm just
saying that across the board, it was not designed to be incredibly adult.
It's not, I mean, okay.
Video games by and large, you're not going to be seen as like a more mature, it is not
going to help the perception of your maturity if you're playing a video game in public.
Does that always stop me from playing a video game in public?
No, sometimes I'm not, I'm not, I don't have any fucks to do with it.
You just have to not give a fuck.
Like I was, it's also way more socially acceptable on like an iPhone.
And there's, that's the, that's what's so fucked up.
If I'm playing Pokemon on my game boy micro, which I bought because I prayed it would be
so tiny that people couldn't see it in my hands on the subway in Chicago.
I'm going to get some, I'm going to get some looks, but if I'm playing it on an iPad, which
God please Nintendo make that dream come true.
It's like, look at him.
He's so sophisticated.
What's he doing?
Browsing the web?
Nope.
Catching them all.
I, I, and I'm being honest with you here because like I, my whole career is video games.
So like I'm not disparaging them and I personally know the, the progress the medium has made
in towards like maturity over the past 10 years or what have you.
I'm just saying that you're not shaking the perception that they still are a childish
thing to be playing in public.
I mean, people are not going to think of you as a mature person.
Maybe you don't care.
Maybe that's the, see, if I'm going to be in public and I'm going to be consuming media,
I want to consume media.
That's going to make them think that I'm cool or cooler, you know?
So like a newspaper, it looks very grown up and debonair.
Yeah.
But let me, let me counter argument that.
Okay.
Who?
Like the people that are on the subway, the random people who are at Starbucks, who gives
two shits.
You're never going to see those people again.
This is what I'm saying.
If you're not in a mood for fuck giving, then just play it and who cares?
Like if you're already paired off with somebody, you got a beautiful child, like fucking play
your video games in public.
But that's, but at the same time, there are people out there.
Like what's so great about, um, events like, uh, uh, like PAX and stuff like that, uh,
is that when you, when you are playing your, your PS Vita in public or something like that,
people aren't going to walk by and like give you a dirty look.
They're like, Hey, what are you, what are you playing?
Like it'll attract a certain type of crowd.
And I don't think we should say that it either won't do that or that that crowd is, you know,
not the kind of people you should be associating with.
I'm just fucking do it.
Who fucking, who gives a fuck?
I wish I was playing video games all the time, but I, I know there are certain environments
like if you're in a reception area waiting to go in for a job interview or something,
don't break out your Pokemon, but unless you're going in killing some time, yeah, unless you're
going in for the job interview for the position of number one Pokemon master, I, and I, and
if we're looking at like a larger scale, like in terms of not just like what you, what people
see in public, the thing that has always, uh, that, that helps me to counterbalance
whatever perception people might have of video games is that myself, I take in a lot of different
media.
Like I read, you know, I listen to music, I watch movies, like it's not, um, video game,
whatever people may think of people who play video games, I know for my own peace of mind
that I'm a pretty well-rounded person.
So I don't, it doesn't bother me, you know, what people want to think.
If you are the sort of person that only plays video games, that doesn't have knowledge of,
you know, what is going on in the world, like, you know, you mentioned a newspaper, like,
are you reading a newspaper?
I, I try to read a newspaper every day.
I mean, this guy obviously listens to podcasts, like we can tell that he has some good media
habits.
Yeah, that's true.
You're breaking it up a little bit.
Um, so, so don't give anything up.
Are you saying like diversify, you know, maybe get, and then people can think whatever they
want to fuck.
Get really beefy strong and then get super beefy strong.
And then you can play like the craziest, like Japanese nudity dating game on your PSP in
public.
Get super beefy strong and get a Tamagotchi.
Yeah.
And then when people walk by, when people walk by you, they're not going to see shit
because they're going to be like, who's this guy?
And then they'll see your guns and be like, uh oh.
The only, the other thing you can do to really help the cause is play video games in public,
but dress like really good.
Like dress like an adult.
Dress super debonair, you know, no black cargo shorts for you.
Yeah.
You're, you're dressed like an adult and playing video games.
No chain to your wallet.
Your wallet's going nowhere.
Yeah.
If I saw, who's a stylish man?
Donald, Jesse Thorne, Donald Trump.
If I saw Jesse Thorne collecting Pokemon, I don't know how that would treat me.
I could actually probably see that happening.
What about like Donald Trump?
What if I saw Barack Obama, like in a sweet suit, like sweet silk suit, just like, just
like dip it into fire red and I'm like, you know, I'd start with squirtle.
You're the best president.
You're a squirtle president.
We've reached a point, I think in video gaming where you say those things and none of them
sound completely utterly ridiculous to me.
Like I could almost picture maybe not a game boy, but Barack Obama would kick him backwards
in fruit ninja on his iPhone.
No, no, he's a wee.
He loves the wee.
He does?
This is public knowledge.
Yeah.
He's into it.
He drinks a cold PBR and plays some Wii.
Yeah.
No, he doesn't do that.
He does too, you guys.
He loves the peepers.
All right.
Loves peepers.
Griffin.
Griffin, you know what I mean.
A Yahoo answer.
Can we just do the Garfield one again?
Actually, that got a little gross for me.
Not going to be able to do it for a few years.
Well, this one isn't incredibly and accidentally related to that one.
It's sent in by Yahoo Answers user question mark.
Got to put names down, people.
Got to know who sent them in.
Got to cite them properly.
It's asked by Yahoo Answers user xxsnailsxx who asks, is it possibly a cat likes aggressive
petting?
I know that sounds very weird and you may have had weird thoughts, but in all seriousness,
my Siamese cat is strange.
I can pet him gently or tickle him or rub his ears, head, chin, etc. and he just chills
like it doesn't matter.
If I pet him aggressively, put pressure on him, pull at him when I pet him.
He'll start to purr like he's the happiest cat in the world.
He'll start fights with me, bite me, claw me, and then flop over and love on me and
start purring like I'm the best cat mom ever.
Is it possible for a cat to like tough love?
This little guy is evil.
Ha ha.
Hey, cat people.
No, no, no.
Is it possible this cat just loves that rough stuff?
Griffin, if people like rough stuff, I don't see why cats can't also like rough stuff.
Their problem with it is, is that we already did a cat fucking question.
That cats don't like, cats don't have mouths.
They can't tell you what they like and don't like, so you probably should assume the thing
that isn't abusing them, right?
And I also have to assume, when I hear that there might be cats that like rough stuff,
that there are cats that like it super romantic.
You light some candles, pour a glass of wine, turn on some smooth music, and you just-
This cat loves a warm bath, why don't you drop some salts, baby?
Sometimes my cat and I will meet at an agreed upon location and pretend that we don't know
each other.
Hey, what you doing in this alley, girl?
Damn.
Why don't you come on home with me?
Let me get you some warm milk, perhaps a flea bath.
Hey, hey baby, you want some pussy?
That's a little joke I like to tell, because I'm a sweet pussy cat.
I'm a sweet pussy cat.
Hey, you want some cottage cheese mixed up with peaches?
I ain't Siamese, but I would love to attach with your body, what do you say?
I'm just a little nasty tabby, don't worry about it.
Yo, that's a little bad, girl.
Hey, does anybody smell tuna?
Don't worry about your bed getting all ruffled, I'm a short hair, pretty, it's gonna feel
real nice against your skin.
Don't worry, baby, I've been declawed.
No telling marks in the morning over here, I'm just going to gently paw, gently massage
your tummy.
This is a lung behavior, I remember from trying to get milk out of my mother's sack.
Had to compete with four to five brothers and sisters, typically.
Genetically speaking, it's a large litter.
And don't worry about it, hey baby, I'm gonna be dead in like seven years.
Ain't no need to tie yourself down.
You're not looking for something long-term, yeah, I dig that, I dig that.
My lifespan is rapidly accelerating past your years of humans.
Baby don't mess with those dogs, don't get down and dirty with the dogs.
No, listen, hey.
I am so uncomfortable right now.
Leave the canaries cage on them, baby.
Oh God.
What if I name a little snack a-rooey after we, well, you know, meow.
Okay, we gotta stop.
I tried to be cool.
I want to issue a public apology to anybody who was wearing headphones because that had
to be the worst.
I would have had an ice pick jammed into my cortex because there had to be like 30 seconds
in where there was like an inner monologue of, are they talking about, no, there's no
way.
They're still going.
The creepiest part is, the worst part, I should say, because we did it, the worst part is
that there's one man or woman who has just realized like, well, this is the thing that
turns me on.
God damn it.
God damn it.
I need to listen to the McElroy brothers do impressions of a human voiced sexy cat.
Yeah, it's somewhere between red dwarf and red light distance.
Somebody is, and there's also somebody hoping that we do a voice impression for the cat
that loves to just like, just fuck, just like fuck.
If you want to do that, just go see cats, that's what it's all about, cats love to fuck.
Mr. Mistoffelees loves to cats, loves to colon DTF, loves to be, he loves to be choked.
Oh God, let's end the show.
Speaking of that, before we go, so IFC, this Friday on IFC, comedy bang bang with guest
Amy Poehler.
She sits down with Scott and dishes on her feud with Mad Magazine and her hair, and Reggie
premieres a trailer for his inspirational new movie, and the scientist comes by to help
Scott and Reggie remember their dreams.
So make sure to check out comedy bang bang this Friday on IFC, in which I am almost positive
there is no sex with cats.
That's their new tagline.
So this has been my brother, my brother and me.
I am so sorry for like the majority of it, like I really, really am really sorry.
I feel like this should be like the more you know kind of bit where we apologize to like
the family of Dale Earnhardt and cat owners, Jim Davis, yeah, yeah, everybody.
I'm so sorry.
So so sorry.
I ain't sorry.
Hey, yo, hey guys, I'm trying to thank John Roderick in the long winters for the use of
our theme song, it's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
It's got some smooth tracks that you can really, really get down to.
We uh, I want to thank people tweeting about the show with the MBNBAM hashtag, uh, undudely
uh, random factor, yeah, Pat, uh, spikes and beer, Bocom, Evan is awesome.
Cole Ross shown in 413 Church of Life.
Little froggies, Jace Russ, Demp, uh, coax metal, all my other bros.
Thank you guys so much for tweeting about the show.
Uh, remember when you tweet about the show or suggested to somebody, uh, throw in a link
to our sampler bit.ly forward slash it's my BIM BAM.
I also want to thank, uh, Tom and Brian and Andrew and Joanna.
They drove all the way down from Indianapolis, uh, to see me in complete works of William
Shakespeare abridged, uh, the Cincinnati Shakespeare Company last night.
And they wrapped me some cheesecake and it was like the best day of my life.
So you didn't need it.
Yeah.
So I haven't eaten it yet.
I'm saving it for a special occasion.
Make sure you like make Teresa eat some first.
Okay.
Just have her taste it just to make sure they didn't poison me.
I see.
They didn't fan it.
Okay.
Um, if you guys would like to check it out, uh, just go to Cincinnati shakes.com at Cincinnati
with a Y shakes.com.
Uh, and it runs all throughout June.
If you guys want to come see me in complete works, uh, go listen to the other maximum
fun shows, uh, throwing shades, stop podcasting yourself, Jordan, Jesse, go judge on Hodgman,
uh, bullseye, uh, we got to meet the, uh, Aaron and Brian from throwing shade, uh, along
with everybody else at max fun.
And they are just awesome.
I think we're best friends now.
I can't like, yeah.
We're pretty much best friends.
Uh, I don't know what the ceremony is for becoming best friends with people, but I'm
pretty sure that we did it with them by which I mean, so if you haven't gone and listened
to it yet, go listen to our best friends at throwing shade right now.
Do it.
And, uh, thank you guys for listening and subscribing and reviewing and everything.
It really means a lot to us.
Yeah.
Uh, if you, oh, if you'd like to send out a happy birthday greeting to someone or really
any kind of message, uh, you can go to maximum fun.org forward slash jumbotron and email
us if you've got a Yahoo answer we should see, or you have a query it's a N B M B A
M at maximum fun.org.
Um, this final Yahoo answer was sent in by Eddie Rogers.
Thank you, Eddie.
It's by Yahoo answers user.
My name is Binky who asks, will Barack Obama pay for my cat food?
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm baking my brother, my brother, me.
I'm so, so fucking sorry.
Choke me teens.
Keep your heart.
Three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart.
Three stacks.
Keep your heart man.
These girls smart.
Three stacks.
These girls smart.
Play your card.
Three stacks.
Keep your heart.
