The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, 30 under 30 boy, Griffin McElroy.
I came up with a theme for this opening bit.
Okay, go for it.
Do it again, sorry.
I just, I won't do it if you guys-
No, rip it, rip that shit.
Do it. Grip it and rip it.
Okay.
You got your problems. Whoa, I got my eyes wide.
Oh, you got your big Gs. I got my smash pipe.
This is smash pipe.
Wait, hold on.
It's where we take, it's a Smash Brothers dispatch direct from us to you.
I don't think it counts as fair use, Justin, if you just change cash to smash.
I don't think that counts as a parody.
Travis, listen, there's no amount of licensing fees I would not pay to keep that great joke
in the beginning of our episode of our podcast.
Okay.
Welcome to Smash Pipe, everyone.
Light it up and huff this great news and strategies and cheat codes for Super Smash Brothers Ultimate.
Can I start it off with a little cheat?
That also is going to include my favorite character to play as.
Go for it, please.
If you scroll all the way up in the character creation screen, I mean, just keep holding up
way past when it seems like there's no further to go up.
You can eventually select the pencil from the NES game anticipation.
Fucking great.
And you can play as the pencil.
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
Fuck, it's so good.
Such a good game.
What he does is he draws a cube around the other players and then they can't escape from that cube.
That's pretty good.
It takes forever, though.
You have to wait.
That hints the anticipation.
Justin, you got me.
Who's your favorite characters and strategies in cheat codes?
And cheat codes from Super Smash Brothers.
I have a cheat code that I'd like to lay out.
My favorite character is Seaman.
He can't do anything because they won't have pure water stages.
So Seaman just lays on the ground and complains at you until you throw him back.
But then it's like, ring out.
So that's a loss every time.
It's a guaranteed loss.
But it's a challenging character with a lot of different dimensions.
And my cheat code is that if you press A three times in a row at any point while you're playing the game,
you will get a refund check from Reggie Fils-Aime from his personal checking account.
Wow.
And that is true.
Does the game self-delete at that point?
The game self-deletes and it wipes your hard drive of any, in your memory, of Smash Brothers.
And it doesn't even give you like an, are you sure you want to do this kind of command?
No, no.
If you press the A button three times,
you get a refund check from Reggie Fils-Aime's personal checking account.
That's good.
Your mind is erased of all Smash Brothers secrets and content
and also the middle names of everyone you know and love.
That's good.
Well, my favorite character is Tony Shalhoub in Super Smash Brothers Ultimate.
And my cheat code, he's the best, first of all.
He's a great edge defender and he's easier to wave dash.
But my cheat code is, obviously, the character has lots of costumes.
Mm-hmm.
Red Monk, Blue Monk, they're all sort of variations on Monk, Electric Monk.
But you know how the Switch has Amiibos?
Uh-huh.
It's delightful new creation from Nintendo that blends both toy and game alike.
If you scan Amiibos on it, you can earn unlocks, as we call them in the business.
If you can find Tony Shalhoub in real life and swipe his face across your Switch,
it'll unlock the Antonio Scarpacci skin.
Whoa.
That's huge.
My favorite character is the big scary moon from Majora's Mask.
Yeah, well, yeah, big one.
And you crash into the whole screen.
I'll tell you my favorite character.
I'll tell you my favorite character.
My favorite character.
My favorite character is Bowser the Third.
He's Bowser Jr.'s son.
Bowser Jr. first appeared in 2002, Super Mario Sunshine.
He's a team dad.
Bowser Jr. is now a team dad, a 16-year-old team dad of his son, a baby named Bowser the Third.
He's Bowser Jr.'s son, and he's a great new character in the game Super Smash Brothers Ultimate.
I like Donkey Dong.
I'm just bananas for Donkey Dong.
I like Donkey Duck.
He's in there, too, from the good place.
That character from the good place.
All the good place characters are in it.
They're in there.
Back for another round.
They're all in there.
Can you play as Mario?
No, so we've done pretty much all of the video game jokes for 2019.
Sorry, gang.
We looked at the ledger.
We realized that we had a large budget of video game jokes that we hadn't told,
and now that we've ostracized the sort of non-ludological members of our audience,
maybe we get into our core compasses.
2019, we're going to get back to video games.
That's who raised us, who supped us at their proverbial breast, and we are here.
Not proverbial, no.
Not proverbial.
Mario's literal breast.
I supped on Mario.
I drank the game milk.
The game milk for the special game cow that we've supped on grew us to where we are today,
so we're really excited.
I'd love to get back to my Wii U so I could play more Smash Brothers Ultimate right now,
but I can't because I got to do this podcast.
We could do both at the same time.
Oh, man, that might be a good streaming thing that people could watch.
You know if we were going to do that, Travis, you know where people could find it?
Our YouTube channel or on our website, themacaroy.family?
Yes, that's the one, Travis.
Our YouTube channel is just called Macaroy Family.
We finally have a website, folks.
That's just too exciting to wait for the end of the show.
We have a website, believe it or not.
We did it.
We set up our GeoCities account, finally.
That's in partnership with Vox.
They're helping us with the website.
If you ever watched Monster Factory from me and Griff, that's here.
A new episode there on our channel, the Macaroy Family.
For some bizarre reason, there's also the episodes I did of Carry On,
a journey through the cinematic career of Jim Carrey starting at the beginning.
I beg you not to put that on there.
This is a bug.
This is a bug.
This is a bug, and we will get it worked out by the time this episode comes out.
If I get enough positive feedback, maybe I'll record the next one.
I still haven't done Once Bitten.
That's the next one in the chronological order.
I only got like four movies into what I assume is like 50-some movies that man has done.
So if you want me to keep going reviewing Jim Carrey movies, go to themacaroy.family,
click on videos, watch some Carry On, let me know what you think.
That's the new home of Carry On, macaroy.family.
Go check it out.
There's lots of other stuff there.
But if you like it, we hope you'll bookmark it and make it your homepage and the only page.
It's also a search engine, as long as the only thing you need is our content.
Let's get into some advice because I have missed helping people
while I've been busy joining this hot, extremely stable world of digital media websites.
So excited to get into it finally.
But let's help some people, all right?
Is that okay?
Just yes, go, just do it, go.
Yeah, you don't need our permission.
Today I learned that next week, the office team I'm part of
is going to be going paintballing as a form of team bonding.
I'm very excited by this since I've always wanted to go paintballing
and I'm also very competitive in nature.
However, everyone that will be there is either my boss or someone who has worked at my office
much longer than I have since I was only just hired at the beginning of the year.
I'm worried about getting into the game and maybe shooting some people I really shouldn't.
What should I do?
Any advice on the best level of competitiveness I should try to achieve?
And that's from Concerned and Competitive in Kalamasa.
Well, I mean, you got your squeegee?
You got your squeegee ready?
Oh, no, Griffin.
What's wrong?
Is that your...
My watch just heard the entirety of that question and would love to weigh in on it.
Sorry, watch.
It said, I'm not sure I understand.
Yeah, no shit, watch.
Yeah, dude.
Calm down.
Daddy's trying to record, okay?
I think that you should go full four.
I think that this is...
We, as humans, many of us have been fortunate enough to not have to taste of battle.
And this is a time to find if something will be awoken within you that maybe the person
that gets the sandwiches can then be the lord of murder with so much blood on their hands.
And from then on, when they get their sandwiches from you, they will know it's from death himself
is coming, is getting the sandwiches today.
Do they make blood balls?
Just like full blown just blood balls.
So that the feeling of the war horniness, you can really feel it.
The warniness, so it can really just kick in.
All you have to do, this is easy.
All you have to do is make sure you're on whoever the head boss is on their team, because
then you go hard and they're like, one, I appreciate your commitment.
Two, I appreciate how you just paintball murdered everyone in accounting.
Just spend the entire game leaping in front of your boss and yelling no.
Eventually, someone is going to shoot you while you're doing that.
They can't legally, they can't fire you at that point.
It is wild in this particular climate of 2018 where it's like, I feel like, and rightly
so, people are a lot more plugged in to how to make everyone feel comfortable in a working
environment and sort of where those lines are because they had been so very blurred
for so long, except this Saturday, we're all going to fucking blaze each other with
extremely painful guns and there will be people who feel targeted because they're literally
100% being targeted by our extremely painful yet non-lethal weaponry.
That's crazy.
Do you live in the one state where like, I don't know where Calamity is, probably in
California, it seems.
Do you not have laser tag within a hundred mile radius of you?
Because it's like paintball, but with like nachos and no paint.
You gotta feel it, Trev.
I can't feel a laser and they try to make the vest vibrate and that does not set off
my war horniness.
I need it to be, I need the feeling.
Can I make a suggestion to you that's different from the suggestions we've put forward so
far?
Please do.
You're on your team and there's an enemy team, maybe you're playing capture the flag,
maybe you're just playing a good old team death match.
You leave your team immediately, run away from as fast as you can, head into the woods.
In there, you're gonna find the ghillie suit that you planted the previous night and you're
gonna climb into that.
You're gonna find the $500 sniper paintball rifle that you bought on the dark web and
then you're just gonna start taking people out, sort of agnostic of team, just sort of
away from team.
You are going to be-
You're going rogue.
You're going to be predator.
You're gonna have two long sort of paint rollers that are gonna shoot out of your wrists like,
you know, wrist mounted blades that you're gonna cover in paint and hit people with them
but when they turn to look at what hit them, you're already gone.
And then they're gonna call a ref and be like, is this legal?
Is this legal?
You hit me with a paint roller.
You should tell people you're not gonna come.
Tell them that you'd love to make it but you're gonna be on vacation in Petaluma and send
them pictures, like set up your phone, you can probably get like an automated script
to do this sort of thing, like text everybody at your office mid-match, like having a great
time here in Petaluma, wish you were here, wish I could be there, hope y'all are being
safe out there.
And then like while they're checking your text, dead.
What's that?
You're triangulating the signal.
You used it.
Oh, you heard their message tones go off.
You come up from the ground, you just splatoon them from the inside out.
I love it.
Add everybody in your office.
Say, hey, listen, I'd love to keep track of the fun.
Can I add you on Find My Friends?
Before, I'd love to keep track of all the fun everybody's having and then like, how
does he know where I am?
Oh, that's great.
You send them that picture, right?
And then they text back like, looks great.
What's that?
It sounded like that message alert came from right behind me.
Good.
Hey, can I read y'all a Yahoo?
Yes, please.
No, but do just have fun out there.
Yeah, just have a lot of fun.
You won't because it's the most exhausting activity.
Yeah, maybe just let yourself get shot and go to like the concession stand and have like
ice cream cone or something.
Something.
Addie sent this one and thank you, Addie.
It's a Yahoo answers user who has chosen to remain anonymous and I respect their choice
so they will get no name.
They ask, if I break a wishbone by myself, right hand versus left hand, will I get my wish?
My husband always gets the larger part of the wishbone.
Always.
And consequently gets his wish.
He's wished for and received trips, cars, money, even a dog.
Let me start over.
He's wished for and received trips, cars, money, even a dog, which magically showed up
after he got the bigger part of the wishbone.
I, on the other hand, have gotten nothing.
So I've decided to break the wishbone by myself.
The right hand will have one wish and the left hand will have a different wish.
My, my, my husband says it is the means of distribution of the two wishes to your two
discreet hands is something I'm very curious about.
If you whisper it into your closed fist and try not to let it escape.
Anyway, my husband says it is totally against the wishbone quote rules and I'll end up putting
a hex on all our future wishbone endeavors.
Can anyone offer any insight on the wishbone dilemma?
I sure can offer insight.
Your husband wants to buy himself trips and cars and dogs and stuff and he's already done
it and then he rigs the wishbone so that he wins and then he's like, I didn't buy it,
I need the wishbone, brought the car.
It's a complicated pulley system that he has attached to the back of his belt.
He wins the wishbone, he starts walking backwards.
The pulley releases the dog suspended from the ceiling.
Miracle dog.
Thank you, wishbone.
And your husband knows that if you were to break it yourself, you would blow this whole
thing wide open.
Yeah, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep.
I am not a vegetarian, obviously, I love meat.
We have time to make this kind of revelation, Justin, but go on.
Yeah, this is one I'm not sure I could explain to turkeys.
It's a secret.
If turkeys did decide to ask me like, are you sure about this, about the whole thing?
I would say like, yeah, I get it.
Like, I need to eat you for sustenance.
And they're like, okay, but what about the part where you wait for my dad's neck bone
to dry and then you and your dad grab it and fight over it and break it in front of me
and then make a wish on my dad's dried bones?
As you said-
What I can only call like a macabre sacrifice to your hope that, I don't know, your favorite
football team wins or something.
Something.
Like it could, it's, it's ghoulish.
I would have a hard time.
Like you didn't even call it by the bone that it is in the turkey.
You're calling it a wishbone.
Wink.
Nope.
It's not.
It's not that.
This, I couldn't stop thinking about this when I was looking at this Yahoo.
This thought of like, you know how in like cartoons and like some fantasy shit, there's
like ogres or like the Uruk-hai in the Lord of the Rings movies where you look at them
and they like just fucking tear a little goblin apart and start gnawing on its bones and you
see that and you're like, barbaric.
That's kind of what we do with the turkey's neck every year it seems like a little bit.
It's kind of, maybe now we're the, we're the barbarians.
I mean there was a moment, this was my first year making a turkey, roasting a turkey for
Thanksgiving and I did at one point put it on my hand like a Muppet and I thought that
was very funny, not thinking about the fact that at one point it was a living being who
probably had friends.
So does the wish come true if you do it by yourself?
Let's, I want to return to the idea of individual wish deployment.
Do you write it on your palms?
Do you hold it in your hand like a little butterfly and try not to let the wish go away?
Do you have one wish that you clearly prefer, right?
And maybe that's how the wishbone magic continues is one of the wishes is like, I get a check
for, you know, $10,000 and the other one is like, you know, I don't lose my car keys for
the rest of the year, which you want the money, but either one's a wish.
It's gotta be a blind, a double blind kind of thing where like you put a whole bunch
of wishes in a bowl, you draw two out, you put them in your shoes, you put the shoes
on, you don't look.
Maybe.
Right?
You can't, like literally the right hand can't know what the left hand is doing, right?
Or, and, but here's the thing.
What you do, and this is what they don't tell you, you run the risk of the wishbone
splitting perfectly in half and you die.
Yeah.
That's what it would do.
Wow.
The genie comes out, strangles you.
Yes.
If that kind of power was unleashed.
There's a genie just sort of riding around inside of every turkey's neck just waiting
for his chance.
Yep.
He's like, hey, I have a wish.
As long as, as long as my neck can grant wishes, you know the wish that I have?
Can you guess?
Do you think if a turkey like has an accident, an escape or something, and breaks its neck,
it gets its wish?
Oh, I wish I don't die.
Oh, shit.
Whoa.
I'm fine.
That's how they discovered it.
Then we started harvesting them for their wish powers.
And then we found out they were also delicious.
They're awesome to eat.
We should do something with the rest of this bird and not just use this one bone.
You're right.
Thank you, Todd.
Thank you for saying what we're all thinking.
This is extremely wasteful.
We're just digging this magic bone out.
There's got to be a better way.
Well, I mean, it definitely if you got to think of this Occam's razor style.
They see a turkey doing rad skateboard tricks.
It has a tragic fall, snaps its neck, but then it gets back up.
A wish has been granted.
It's fine.
I don't think the next step is eat it.
I think the next step is let's explore the magical possibilities of the rest of the bones
in this creature.
That's like if, you know, if you saw Superman be invincible, your first thought wouldn't be,
let's eat him.
You would get there eventually, but you'd probably be like, we should study him.
Can you use your losing bone shard to stab your husband right in the neck and then you
claim his winning bone shard and the wish he wanted?
Oh, what if his wish was to lose at the wish bone?
Oh, damn.
I know this riddle.
You have to ask one of the wish bones what the other one will say.
Yeah, how about a question?
I would love that.
My boss and I were talking one day and she told me about her favorite candy bar, which
she said is very hard to find.
The next day, I discovered that my local grocery store happens to carry said candy bar.
So I bought her one as a surprise.
I gave it to her the next day and she seemed genuinely excited.
But then she stashed the candy bar in the freezer at my workstation.
Oh, it's been a week and the candy bar is still in the freezer.
Flowsers.
Can I eat it?
Oh, I didn't expect the question to end like that.
Me neither.
I expected it to be like, hey, what should I do?
Because she's not enjoying my gift the way I envisioned.
That's from a clever, alliterated name in New York City.
Huh.
Yeah.
No.
Justin?
Yeah?
Split the wish bone.
Split the, split the wish bone.
No.
Yeah.
To be fair, when I said yeah, that was, I was referring to the stumpedness of you two.
Oh, I see.
Not me saying, yes, eat.
Because this, if I gave someone a lovely candy bar and they put it on a shelf, perhaps to
display it, I wouldn't then say, well, you missed your window.
It's mine again now.
And eat it.
It is, I will say two things.
One, it's not necessarily a dunk on your candy bar gift.
Some people do like, like, listen, there's a lot of candy I love and I could secure because
I'm a grown man.
But I'm not gonna go out and secure it because if I eat that kind of sugar, that's my week,
gang.
That's it, man.
A Snickers bar would put me in the fucking hospital.
I can't.
I love your candy gift.
Are you trying to kill me?
Because I'm gonna eat this and then I'm gonna go home and be like, well,
that's my whole day and eat an entire box of Lucky Charms.
And then I'll say that's my whole week and that's it.
Yeah, well, let me tell, I would like to take this one step further, right?
Your boss said it's hard to find.
You found one.
What's she supposed to do?
Just go ahead and eat that on any old day of the week?
No, it's special.
It's gotta be special.
It's a hard to find candy bar.
She is saving it for when you guys, I don't know, land the big account or whatever and
save the business.
Or the big meteor.
The big meteor is gonna fall.
When the big meteor is gonna fall and you land the big meteor and save the business.
You blow up the big meteor and save the business and everybody else on planet earth.
And they're like, hey, you did it, digital media startup company.
You say you destroyed that meteor because it was easier to train you to be astronauts
than train astronauts to be digital media executives or whatever.
I'm not done.
You blow up the meteor and then candy bar time.
Okay, now I'm done.
I have to share with you all this visceral reaction I'm having to this question.
I can't explain why it's so powerful, but since we have started discussing it, I can't
I can't stop thinking about and imagining and envisioning so much so that I feel like
it's actually happening in my actual mouth and body, the thought of eating a Three Musketeers
bar like now, like a king size Three Musketeers bar now as a 31 year old adult.
Just the feeling of gomming down all of that sweet nougat and like what that would feel like, taste like.
Is that a pleasant feeling in your experience?
No, no, no, it's quite bad, quite bad.
I'm saying in trying to ingest that truck bed full of nougat.
I'm just envisioning what it would like.
I it's obviously it's a fancy fantasy land if I actually try to do that.
Like I would need to be standing in front of my own open grave just kind of topple over into it.
I'm just thinking about trying to get all that nougat down.
It's like a fucking survivor challenge in my mind.
Sometimes I think about this, how I do this where I'll open a candy bar, I will eat, let's say, a third of it
and then kind of fold the wrapper back over it and place it somewhere.
And I just picture like nine year old Travis just like crying and weeping at what I have become.
Like you can't finish a candy, like we took BB trick-or-treating, which means I got a lot of candy.
And like the fun-sized bars, I was like, oh, thank God.
But for me, those are not even fun-sized anymore.
What would be fun-sized is like a little amuse-bouche of Snickers served out of a tiny spoon.
Give me that technology, Marsh.
When I was a young man and I was selling candy for a fundraiser
and I sold a packet of Skittles to my Spanish professor, Senora Berry.
And upon the next arrival at the beginning of class, she told me how much she enjoyed the Skittles.
And then she told me she had to cut the Skittles in half because they were so extremely sweet.
And friends, I'm here to tell you, I'm saying this with a lot of shame in my heart.
I laughed in her face that day, that Dia, if you will.
And I feel a lot of regret about that because at this point in my life, I get it, Senora Berry.
I'm sorry if you're out there listening. Thank you so much. I'm sorry for laughing at you.
Now I'm experiencing deja vu because either we've talked about that explicitly on this show before
or somebody just changed something in The Matrix.
When I was a kid, I sold candy bars for band and they were those kind of like,
not name brand, just kind of silver with a white wrapper.
And some kind of like, it just said like crackle.
But I, out of like the 30 bars, ate 20 of them myself.
Hell yeah.
And then I had to go to mom and dad and say like,
hey, I need to borrow $20 to cover my debt fucking high on my own supply gang.
And like, I think about that now and like,
I might as well have eaten 20 rocks as far as I'm concerned now as an adult.
Now at KitKat, I can fuck with.
KitKat, you can, the catchphrase, give me a break.
For me, that is prescriptive in a way.
It's pre-portioned.
Yes.
Sometimes I cut the Reese's in half.
I can't eat a whole Reese's cup.
What is this, Christmas?
Let's step out of the candy corner.
Okay.
I'm starting to get comfy.
No, let's do a quick Yahoo.
Okay.
Because I don't think this will give us much room to play in the space.
I want you guys to play with me.
I just don't think it's going to be possible.
I just really want to explore this.
It was sent in by Ian.
Thank you, Ian.
It's an anonymous Yahoo Answers user who I'm going to call Poppy who asks,
is it possible to drink water without making any throat sounds at all?
Huh.
I don't want to name names.
I have edited at this point approximately 520 maybe plus hours of all of us.
Out of this episode?
No, out of all of the podcasts we've ever done.
I just thought about that number and my butthole puckered up deep, deep.
It's deep down up inside of me.
Some of us, I don't want to name names, make pretty bad throat noises when they drink.
It makes me think that the throat is putting-
Is it me?
No.
Is it me?
It's not Travis.
It makes me think your throat is doing extra work.
It makes me think your throat, when the water hits it, it gets panicked and every muscle
in your throat is like, get this shit down to the tummy.
Maybe one of us is drinking chunkier water than the rest of us.
It's possible that West Virginia water is maybe it's got a lot of protein in it.
It's got a lot of minerals.
It's possible.
Part of it is if I work up the nerve to drink some water, I feel like I better make it really
count because I'm already here.
I better see how much I can get inside.
Yeah, sure.
I actually like the noise, Justin.
It's to the point where it's like, I can't sleep without my wife snoring situation.
Is there anything we can do just to make the edit a little bit easier to make that water
go down completely silently?
Okay.
Well, I have a bottle of water here and I'm going to turn up.
I'm going to put my microphone right in my throat.
Yeah, just put your glottis right up against the microphone.
Just to see if you're full of shit.
Give me the base.
I'm just going to give you a base line.
A big swig too.
Don't take no baby sips.
This is the sort of heat that I have to touch with my special gloves every week, sometimes
twice a week.
Justin, how would you feel about if we installed within your throat some sort of sluice
situation where we could completely bypass any swallowing muscles and you would just
pour it down a wooden track?
I saw an episode of ER once.
I think it was George Clooney did a tracheotomy with a ballpoint pen.
I think you might be thinking of scrubs.
Yeah.
Or the good doctor.
There's a lot of possibilities.
It's hard to say, but I-
It might be Grey's Anatomy.
I'm saying if you could do that with a pen, you could certainly do that with a Capri Sun
straw and just kind of hook you up to Capri Sun, right?
I mean, we could get less gory with it and just hook you up with a proboscis.
And then it's up to you whenever you want to use it.
Well, but then you might have to deal with this kind of noise.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Dip in.
Do you hear noises when you're drinking a full drink with a straw?
Not usually.
What about just like a beer bong, but the end of it connects to his belly button and
just goes straight inside his tummy?
This is obviously the best imaginable scenario, Travis.
Yes.
I was about to suggest that I could try to do it silently, but I feel like if I succeeded,
that would be not great for me because then if the noise ever happened, it would feel
very intentional and threatening.
Is it possible that you could just sleep not in your bed where you traditionally sleep,
but in like a kiddie pool full of like water with a little bit of glucose in it or something,
and you absorb through your skin like a froggy frog all the water that you need throughout
the day?
And that's going to be actually juice pretty fucking efficient if you think about it.
That would be nice.
You know, it doesn't even just have to be at night.
If we could build some kind of like pod where your head is out and you're able to speak
into the microphone, but inside of the pod is just your body osmosis-ing water all the
time.
Oh, shit.
Flip it.
Flip it.
Flip that shit.
Flip that shit around.
I'm imagining a sort of beanbag-sized apparatus or perhaps a like a punching bag that boxers
use to get strong.
What are they doing with that thing?
Getting stronger?
I don't think so.
Toughing up their knuckles.
Yeah, I guess so.
One of those, it's about that size, but it's full of water.
And we hang that up next to Justin's desk.
And then whenever you need to take a drink of water, Justin, your whole body can enter
it and you just drink in there.
And I guarantee you, no sound's going to escape.
Ooh, I like that.
What if, beginning of the week, like a train, Justin moves under a big water tower, we open
it, it pours down his throat, and he has all of his water for the week in one go.
That works too.
So you get to pick now.
Yeah.
Boy, we spent a lot of time sort of criticizing the old train man.
Not really criticizing.
It was fun.
I remember distinctly it being fun for a second.
Yeah.
I think the easy fix juice is just put some water in your mouth and then sort of tilt
your head upward, but don't do anything with your muscles.
No muscular work at all.
Yeah, just let the water fall down your neck.
Do you know what I'm saying?
And that's going to be better for you.
It's going to, like when you have a sore throat, like no ish at all because the water just
kind of falls down you.
Give that a spin now.
Okay.
Give that a spin for me.
No swallowing?
No muscular movement at all.
Yeah, you're going to swallow.
Now juice, juice, juice, wait before you do it.
The water's going to want to go down your lung holes.
Okay, close those off.
Close those off.
Think about not doing that.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yes.
Okay, here we go.
Yeah.
It got worse?
Yeah, this is worse.
It's worse.
It's worse.
Let's go to the Money Zone.
I don't want to talk.
You guys talk.
Yeah, sure.
I imagine you've done a number on your most of your-
I need to get my human body back in order here.
... your vital organs.
Hey, I want to tell you all about Squarespace.
Bad timing on this one.
Whoops-a-daisy.
Squarespace is fantastic.
Squarespace allows you to build a beautiful website you can use to showcase your work,
announce an upcoming event or special project to promote your physical or online business,
and more.
True, yes, we do have a new website elsewhere, but I still use Squarespace for my personal
website.
It was super easy to put together.
Travis has set up Buttercup is a good, good-
Buttercup is a verygoodgirl.com.
Yeah, that's a Squarespace joint.
If you want to make a website and you want to make it fucking now and you want it to
look awesome and you want it to have e-commerce functionality and analytics and built-in search
engine optimization and award-winning customer support 24 hours a day, I mean, you got Squarespace.
Squarespace is tops.
And let me say this.
We have got ourselves a second dog.
Her name is Lily.
She is also a verygoodgirl.com.
And as soon as I get enough pictures of her, I will be building another Squarespace website
called lilyisaveverygoodgirl.com.
I should go buy that now before this episode goes up.
Yes.
And just go ahead and sit on that.
I mean, the real competition, I think, is you need to do it before Justin does it because
he-
Oh, no.
Yeah, the juice, the race is on if you've recovered and are able to use it.
He's going to be way faster at it than me.
So go to squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial.
And when you're ready to launch, use the offer code MYBROTHER, all one word, to save 10%
off your first purchase of a website or domain.
Oh, sorry.
I'm racing Justin.
Yeah, I can't wait to see the results of this.
I'm just going to lose it.
He needs this.
I need it?
I don't need your charity.
I don't need your charity.
Okay, then you read the next one while I get it.
All right.
Yeah, you grab it, Trav.
Go for it, bud.
Get it, Trav.
Get it.
I don't have it.
Oh, no.
Did you already get it?
You having any troubles getting it, bud?
Did you already get it?
Oh, bud, I got it three weeks ago, bud.
No, I got it when you adopted the dog, bud.
Oh, no.
You shouldn't have texted me that you're getting a dog before you got to the URL of your dog.
Obviously.
So Justin can now hook that up to whatever he wants.
I'm going to read the next ad because you guys are taking too long.
It's Quip.
Quip is great.
Everybody, I think all of us have a Quip toothbrush.
I certainly do.
And it's my sort of main bathroom bud.
I use it and it fits in the mouth quite nice.
And it gets all the nasty stuff off there.
And it's fun.
I tell you my favorite thing about it.
We travel pretty much nonstop these days.
And it is so easy.
It's got this little case that you stick onto your mirror and you put your toothbrush in it.
And then whenever you want to travel, it comes off the mirror and then the case
covers up the sensitive bristles.
And so you just take it right with you.
It's a great travel toothbrush.
Also, it's an electric toothbrush.
Yes, it's an electric toothbrush too.
I don't know if I said that, which is great.
I would not fuck with an analog toothbrush at this point.
Anyway, Quip is the gift that keeps refreshing with brush heads automatically delivered on
a dentist recommended schedule every three months for just $5.
I just got my first refill and I am never that diligent about re-upping my toothbrush game.
And it's so nice just getting those stiff bristles.
You know what my favorite thing about it is?
When you get the new one, you pop off the old one and it says in the instructions,
use the old one to clean it up to make it feel like a new toothbrush again.
It's genius.
I'm also on the plan where I get a AAA battery with it also.
Yeah, they don't recharge.
Like you don't have to fucking worry about that.
You just pop like one AAA into it, I think.
It's weird flags, but okay.
So lilyisaveverygoodgirl.com is taken.
Yeah, so Quip is, it looks like a big ticket tech gift with a stocking stuffer price starting
at just $25.
Go to getquip.com slash my brother and get your first refill pack for free with a Quip
electric toothbrush.
That's your first refill pack free at getquip.com slash my brother.
So now I assume, Justin, I'm going to have to pay you or it may be a bidding war.
Off mic.
We'll figure it out.
Hey, if you like your podcast to be focused and well researched and your podcast host
to be uncharismatic, unhorny strangers who have no interest in horses, then this is not
the podcast for you.
Yeah, and what's your deal?
I'm Emily.
I'm Lisa.
Our show is called Baby Geniuses.
And its hosts are horny adult idiots.
We discover weird Wikipedia pages every episode.
We discuss institutional misogyny.
We ask each other the dumbest questions and our listeners won't stop sending us pictures
of their butts.
We haven't asked them to stop, but they also aren't stopping.
Join us on Baby Geniuses.
Every other week on MaximumFun.org.
I want a munch.
Squad.
I want too much.
Squad.
This is a little bit different from Munch Squad because it's not about a menu innovation.
And it's not even a lot of like bizarre PR speak.
I just want to give it up to Burger King for going so hard.
Two in a row.
I'm going to give you the first one that's a little less amazing.
Burger King introduces the dog purr.
You need to say that again.
I need you to really hit the consonants a little bit harder.
Burger King introduces the dog purr.
Dog purr.
Dog purr.
D-O-G-P-U-R.
Instead of wa, there's dog.
Oh Lord, take me now.
Take me into your blessed kingdom.
It's a special flame grilled bone for your dog.
Oh, thank you.
If you get it through Door Dash, then you're going to get a free one.
Because they're going to bring it to your house.
They're going to bring your food.
Then got a little something for your four-legged friend.
A little BK for a little Burger King for your king, Rex.
Yeah, I don't have one of those.
So what am I supposed to do with this?
You eat it.
No, stop.
Stop.
I want you guys to stop.
And I want you to really use your fucking noggins.
I want you to think about this.
I would bet that a lot of people don't have dogs.
I would say that if you're the type of person
that has to order Burger King remotely,
you're probably not in a place sort of in your life
where you can support a dog.
And so with that in mind, Burger King will deliver
their hamburgers to you and a bone.
This is fantastic news for me.
Yes.
It is good.
I do question most fast food hamburgers are inedible
before you leave the parking lot.
You have about a 30 second freshness window
to enjoy them and pretend you're eating food.
But I cannot imagine it's like, well,
it's been in my trunk for 20 minutes.
So happy to be here.
Please enjoy your food.
Adjacent to a bone.
They are not saying where these bones are coming from.
Yes.
Now, here's the thing, Griffin.
If you don't have a dog for your dog purr,
you can save them up and build an anatomically correct
edible skeleton.
Did you know that?
For who?
And I don't think they're delivering skulls.
For the king.
Yeah, they're not delivering.
If you have two dogs now.
No, you have to find this skull in a whimsical
cross country adventure.
I have a second.
So like that, they came out with that, right?
Legit.
And then this just came out yesterday or any before.
It's the Whopper Detour.
And folks, I fucking love this.
Okay.
Do you already know about it, Griffin?
No, it's just the name makes me think that you're on the
Ural and you're taking a trip through the Mediterranean.
So here it is.
You can get, from now until December 12th,
you can get a Burger King Whopper.
If you order it through the Burger King app,
you can get a Whopper for one cent.
The trick of it is though, you're going to love this.
The trick of it is, you got to order it at McDonald's.
What?
What?
You have to go to McDonald's, activate the Burger King app.
What?
You have to go to McDonald's.
You have to turn on your Burger King app.
And if you're within 600 feet of a McDonald's,
you can order a Whopper for a penny.
It's so fucking good.
I would please do go through the drive-through.
You have to go through the drive-through.
Like, what do you need?
Like, just your GPS coordinates, I guess,
because I'm getting a Whopper for a penny.
This is very, this is-
It's not even an ironic one.
Did the Jackass crew become like the new marketing team
for Burger King?
Like, these seem like pranks to me.
It is a prank.
It's a prank.
You can order it at almost all of the McDonald's 14,000 locations.
You can get yourself-
The poster for this is extremely good.
It's the McDonald's sign kind of blurred out,
and it just says, billion swerved,
because they fucking got you.
Oh, shit.
They got you, McDonald's.
Holy shit.
That's really good, actually.
Yeah, we're enjoying this in a very direct and unironic way,
which I'm not super comfortable about.
But I feel like McDonald's and Burger King
have a sort of mutually assured destruction,
sort of stalemate demilitarized zone between them right now.
This is clearly an act of organized aggression
that, like, I am terrified of what the repercussions of this,
what McDonald's is going to do to answer.
Oh, God, you're right, Griffin.
This is going to escalate.
It is going to escalate.
That's true.
This is the beginning of an arms race.
If you burn down a Burger King,
you get free McDonald's for life.
No, don't say that, Griffin.
I'm not done.
I'm not done.
The swerve's extremely good,
but this year, and this one's already come and gone,
this year, Burger King also opened whoppershopper.com.
What's whoppershopper.com, you ask?
Well, it launched for Black Friday
and went till Cyber Monday.
So it was real great.
It's a quick deal.
It was a site heavily populated by banner ads
from different brands.
And then you would put in the name of the brands
that are being advertised there.
And then because every time someone would click on the site,
Burger King would earn money.
And then they would give that money direct to free whoppers.
So you would go to whopper-shopper.com
and demand that brands buy you hamburgers
in exchange for clicking on their banner ads.
Thanks, Dick's Sporting Goods.
Thanks, Dick's.
Does the presence of a Munchquad in this episode
mean we are not also getting That's a Christmas to me?
It does.
My wife and I have not had time to craft a new Hallmark film.
I'm sorry.
Let's answer another question.
How's that sound to y'all?
Yeah, is it?
Yeah, regular question time.
Recently, my close friend texted me
asking if I still had Pokemon cards.
Of course I do.
Specifically, she wanted to know if I had a holographic Zapdos.
Don't pretend like you don't know the word.
I don't, bud.
I don't.
I never even finished one of those fucking things.
And if so, if I was willing to part with it.
I immediately and excitedly told her that I did.
And of course she could have it for free.
After a brief eBay search,
I've realized that the version of the card I have
is actually worth a good amount of money.
What should I do?
Do I still have to give it to her?
Do I have to ask for some kind of payment?
Or do I sell it on eBay for all it's worth?
And this is from Pokemon Master in Medford.
This is actually a good one.
Let's, let's, can we, I hate to ask this
this close to the holidays.
Do you guys mind if we send jokes out of the room
for a couple of minutes to really just hash through this?
Oh yeah, jokes.
Jokes, get out of here.
Go have a sandwich.
Go have a Burger King Whopper on us jokes.
Let's take away, let's abstract this.
Okay.
I think about the, if my memory serves,
I'm not as plugged into the market as I once was,
but I think street value on a holographic Zapdos,
if it's first edition, we're talking about 75 to $100.
We sent jokes out of the room.
I'm just gonna check the bay.
I'll just check the bay.
Yeah, see, see, see if I'm, see if I'm close.
So if that's the case, if your friend says,
hey, do you have 75 to $100?
And you say, yes.
And they say, are you willing to part with it?
And you say, yes.
You can't really walk that back, I feel like.
There is a sort of wild variance on this.
It looks like there is a, Griffin,
just will you look Griffin, because you could probably like
yeah, decode this a little better than I could.
What did you search for?
Holographic Zapdos.
Okay.
Yeah, I mean, we got some pre-owned ones
that look a little dingy, a little beat up.
They could also be fake.
Some of them are from sun and moons.
They're not first edition.
Those are the ones you're looking at that are like $1.
Then you start getting into the base set,
first gen holographic Zapdos.
You're talking about $65.
Here's a buy it now for 275.
Here's a 200.
Here's more.
Here's more what I was looking at about 85, 84, 95, 100.
That's about the, that's about where you're going.
So there's some core.
I mean, there's some serious coin on the line.
Yeah.
Okay.
And you know what?
Some serious Zapdos.
We can't just sort of look at the monetary value.
We've got to look at the strategic value.
This thing can play.
This thing can do thunder.
That's 60 damage.
It can also use Thunderbolt for 100 damage.
Like this is a fucking powerful car.
It's a powerhouse.
Yeah.
I guess the thing that I'm left wondering
and Griffin maybe you can give some insight to this.
Why would your friend call and ask you for Zapdos
if not because either A, it is a powerful card
that they wish to use in playing the game.
Yeah.
Or B, they know it is worth money.
Those are the only two reasons.
The only third is some kind of art project
that specifically means that Zapdos-esque flair to it.
Well, and boy, jokes has been out of the room
for such a long time.
I'm starting to miss them.
But like it could also be a collection thing,
like where they just need a holographic Zapdos.
I mean, it's also kind of a cool looking card, isn't it?
Look at this big bird, this big scary bird
with a holographic background behind it.
It's a powerful object.
Like sometimes you just want,
you know how people are like really into crystals
because of the power that resides inside of them?
That's kind of what's going on
with this holographic Zapdos card.
Okay.
Okay, what do you owe this person?
Assuming it's monetary, what do you owe this person?
Because it seems weird.
We have to, there's no fucking way it's monetary.
For them to email you and say,
do you have Pokemon cards?
Do you have a holographic Zapdos?
I need that.
That's a wild way to get 85 bucks off your friend, huh?
It is wild, but they did say holographic, didn't they?
That's not for play.
You could play.
You could play a non-holographic Zapdos.
Damn it, Justin, you're right.
This also means, Griffin, if it's for a collection,
they've looked it up and said,
mm, $85, no thank you.
I'll just see if they have one.
Just con my idiot friend Jeremy.
Yes.
They know exactly what they're doing, Griffin.
They're trying to catch them all.
And by um, I mean you.
And by all, I mean in a trap.
I'm also pretty sure that Zapdos isn't allowed
in like league play.
It's legendary.
Okay, let's bring jokes back in the room.
Hey, jokes, thanks for coming.
I'm afraid of Griffin.
Fart, fart, fart.
What would smell like if Zapdos farted?
A one man play.
Sorry, Griffin, coming to Broadway.
Yeah, what if you had sex with Zapdos and it was pregnant?
Do you guys feel better now that the jokes are back?
A little bit, actually.
That is actually very good.
I think you have to ask them.
Nope, sorry.
You agreed to it.
You were so excited about someone being interested
in the collection that you just agreed to it.
I think you gotta live with that.
Yeah, yeah.
Damn it, I wish I still had my fucking Pokemon cards.
Damn it, I wish I was playing any kind of TCG right now.
Boys, you gotta stop me.
I'm an adult with more money than I had when I was a teen.
I could buy a bunch of TCG shit right now.
What happened to all your Pokemon cards, Griffin?
I did sell them.
I did all right.
Made a little scratch.
Do you think you would have made more money now
if you had just waited?
Uh, yeah, pal.
Does that bother you?
Let's spend, actually, let's spend the rest of this podcast
just me looking up cards that I definitely did.
Oh, holographic Blastoise, that's 175 bucks.
That's about what I made for my entire collection.
So that one hurts.
What about the promotional Mewtwo
from the movie that got released?
Here it is for $249.
So that one really shrinks the old nuts.
All right, I can't fucking do this anymore.
Griffin, you need the distraction.
Yeah, sure.
This one was sent in by Nick G.
Thank you, Nick.
It's a Yahoo!
Answers user anonymous.
What's weird is that it's an actual user
who has made their name literally anonymous,
which is a strange way of going about it.
And it's, is this Radio Disney song about sex?
Heard this song on Radio Disney the other day
while my little sister was listening to it in the car.
Started listening to the lyrics
and there seems to be a ton of sexual references in them.
Show me yours and I'll show you mine.
You be the lock and I'll be the key.
W-T-H, what do you, W-T-H?
What the hell?
Why is this on, why is this on Radio Disney?
What do you think?
Am I interpreting the lyrics wrong?
The song is Midnight Romeo
by a band or artist named Push Play.
This was on Radio Disney where Goofy lives?
Where Goofy lives?
Goofy is trapped inside Radio Disney.
So some of the lyrics include,
my lips touch your lips.
My hands is on your hips.
What's it gonna take for you to give me my goodnight kiss?
Man, they went for that, huh?
Instead of the lyric,
you'll be screaming for more and more and more of me.
Yeah, so that's in there too.
They turned it off in the house.
Where Goofy lives with his friend Donald?
In my home?
We're singing this next to Mickey Mouse who's 90 years old.
His fucking heart can't take Midnight Romeo.
Gonna make you sweat.
Gonna feel it head to toe.
The orgasm.
Right after that line though, it says,
I'll be your Dr. Jekyll, your Mr. Hyde.
Which makes me think that Push Play
might have a fundamental misunderstanding
of the story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Horror of six.
This is a good song.
There's also a line here,
tonight's about to win.
What's that mean?
What's that mean?
Hey, are you sure you got that right?
You guys don't say that right before you make coitus?
Tonight's gonna win.
Tonight's gonna be so, it's gonna be epic.
I say that as I'm stretching, preparing my body.
It's gonna be, it's about to be epic.
I'm just saying,
Uncle Scrooge is gonna have to have a talk
with Huey, Dewey and Louie
who live inside of Radio Disney
because this song is their new neighbor.
And it's talking about, you know, sweat.
I do believe, even if there were no other references,
something about the word sweat in a song of like,
I don't know how to explain this to my kids.
It's never been used in a non-erotic sense
when speaking about music.
If you're even gonna make you sweat,
that could be referring to dancing
or perhaps working out.
It could also be, you know,
a reference to working out that boner.
Maybe we go through line by line
and see if we can make it sort of,
we can interpret it in a Disney way.
In a Disney way.
Okay.
So, meet me at my door.
I'm also looking at the lyrics.
By the end, meet me by my door
at the, by the end of the night.
That's okay.
That could be something you say to a UPS driver.
I have a pizza for you.
You'll be screaming for more and more and more of.
Already we've hit a considerable roadblock.
This is a pretty big bump.
That's challenging.
I also want to say though,
the next line is,
tonight's a big night, so let's make history.
Okay.
Which must imply that the sex is going to be so good.
People will write about it for years to come.
The year of our Lord.
So, what if they finally figured out sex?
Let's take this first stanza
and we'll say that it is actually
about a pizza being delivered
and it is sung from the,
from the perspective of the pizza.
Okay.
You'll be screaming for more and more and more of me.
More pizza, please.
That goes with my lips touch your lips.
It'll be like, oh, your lips touch my pizza lips.
I guess I'm not falsifying.
That's what pepperonis is.
Pepperonis is pizza lips.
Now, my hand is on your hips.
Now that could just be,
my pizza hands are kind of on your,
like a moment on the lips,
a lifetime on the hips.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
You're putting on the LBs from eating so much za.
What's it gonna take for you to give me my goodnight kiss?
Like, late night snack.
I thought you were done.
It came back for more za, perfect.
Oh, whoa.
Have you guys ever left?
I've done this so many times recently.
I hate to admit it.
Have you guys ever left a pizza out all night
in self-defense?
I've gotten in the habit of like,
I gotta let it rot.
I can't put it away.
You gotta let it, you gotta.
Now, this fits our pizza theme.
It's so good.
The next line is, oh, whoa.
My heart is being fast, but my hands are moving slow.
I think this person's having a heart attack.
They ate too much pizza.
Yeah, sure.
Now their heart is being fast
and like their hand,
you know, they're having pain in their arm.
Okay, so this one's tough.
Late night, gonna hit the town,
gonna take you out, gonna make you go, whoa, whoa.
You would not do this with, wouldn't do that with pizza.
I can't, you could take your pizza out on the town,
like, hey pizza, I'm gonna show you
some of my favorite hotspots.
I don't think pizza can be like,
this one's on me, let's go, I'm driving.
Is this a switch in perspective to the driver maybe?
If that's the case, then it's gonna make you sweat.
Here's the problem, boys.
I'm looking three lines ahead.
We got gonna make you sweat
and it's gonna be tough though.
We've got that and show me yours
and I'll show you mine.
And that's just hard.
That's just tough.
And I'll tell you, there's no reason.
I've eaten so much pizza in my life.
The next line is literally the title of the song,
Midnight Romeo.
I've never said anything even like close to that.
That's the name of the pizza company.
The pizza company is Midnight Romeo.
Romeo's Pizza delivers very late
and they want you to know
you can get Romeos at midnight
or a Midnight Romeo as they have called it here.
If you will.
Show me yours, I'll show you mine.
That's easy.
They've got a pizza exchange program where-
Give me your old pizza, I'll give you this new one.
Exactly.
Alternatively, you know how every PG-13 movie
you can say fucking at once?
Maybe this one line is referring to genitals.
Now we do get to Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Do they work?
I wanna hear it gonna make you sweat,
gonna feel it from head to toe.
That's jalapeno on the pizza.
It's very spicy and you're like,
ooh, I can feel this through my whole body.
It's so zesty.
Oh, and it says here a little later in the song,
tonight your dinner's free.
So like, they probably got there after 30 minutes.
Let me just say problematic Push Play lyrics.
Tonight your dinner's free.
What's in it for me?
No, sometimes you just buy the pizza
because you wanna buy the pizza for someone.
Yeah, hey, Goofy's in there.
So watch what you're doing there, Push Play.
I played my little one, my four-year-old.
We were talking to her about Kesha and who Kesha is.
I think she came up because your wife Teresa
had discussed Kesha with her on tour.
And I wanted to play a song of hers to familiarize her
with this concept.
So I picked TikTok, the concept of Kesha,
the very idea of Kesha.
And I picked TikTok because it slaps.
But I noticed that luckily there's a Kidz Bop version of it
because some of the lyrics are challenging
for a four-year-old.
I just wanna hit you guys with it.
Yeah, what does she brush her teeth with?
Okay, so grab my glasses.
I'm out the door.
I'm gonna hit this city.
Before I leave, brush my teeth, and then I go and pack.
Because when I leave for the night, I ain't coming back.
Well, that's very responsible.
You're gonna go maybe spend the night at a friend's house.
Spend the night at a friend's house.
And then later we got drop topping, playing our favorite CDs,
pulling up to the parties, trying to get a little bit silly,
which actually sounds more like drug use than tipsy.
Tipsy sounds like I'm gonna have one drink too many
because I've earned it, I've had a hard day at work.
I'm going to have one drink too many
and then wait and sober up before I head home.
So here's a weird change I didn't see coming.
Don't stop, make it pop.
DJ, blow my speakers up.
Tonight, I'm all right till we see the sunlight.
So that's, again, perhaps-
Not I'm gonna fight?
No, they're all right.
Like, this is more disturbing, Kidz Bop.
This is someone who is only okay when it's nighttime
and they're in a darkened club.
And then when they see the sun come up at five in the morning,
they're like, well, time to get back to my terrible kids,
I guess, I hate this.
And then the best part of TikTok, the Kidz Bop version,
is that's all the words in the entire song
because they can't make any of the rest.
The rest of the song is unsalvageable.
So I hand to God for 90 seconds,
they do the chorus five times and that's it.
That's it, they can't do anything.
They can't like get like,
boys wanna touch our junk and all that stuff.
Nope, can't figure it out.
Can't figure it out, can't do it.
Just gonna do the chorus five times, Kidz Bop.
The Kidz Bop version of Sleazy is just an instrumental.
Thank you all so much for listening to our program.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
Again, our new website and YouTube channel is McElroy Family.
If you are subscribed to MBMBAM on YouTube,
one, sorry about the years long neglect of that.
Thank you for your patronage.
But it has been resurrected as McElroy Family.
So you're already subscribed, but it's worth it to go check.
And McElroy.family is the website.
If you would go check it out and follow,
there's a Twitter account too, at McElroy Family.
Honestly don't know, might just be a good catch all feed.
We don't exactly know what we're gonna do with that yet.
But if you could go subscribe to that channel
and bookmark that page, we'd sure appreciate it.
We're really happy with it and we think it came out real neat.
And that's gonna be for the future,
like where we're gonna have the McElroy mail,
our mailing list that you can get stuff through.
And also the website is gonna be where all tour information
and there's a merchant link there
and a link to donate to the show, all that stuff.
It's all at McElroy.family, M-C-E-L-R-O-Y,
in case you're curious.
And also go check out McElroyMerch.com.
You could see some of that at McElroy.family as well.
The fucking December pin of the month is so fucking great.
It is real great.
There's ornaments on there too.
There's some good stuff that you wanna get
all your family and friends.
And you know that coworker that you drew their name
for the Secret Santa gift exchange.
You're like, I literally know nothing about them.
Get them some of our McElroy Merch.
It's as good as anything else you would get them.
Fair, the December pin of the month
is my job application electronic sign
that says, you know, on it.
It's so fucking choice.
It's really good.
Anything else?
Start setting in your Candle Nights questions.
Yeah, yes, please.
I wanna thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a fantastic album, fantastic dude.
And hey, good holidays gift, I bet.
I also wanna thank Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
Definitely wanna shout out that the JV Club
with Janet Varney has joined the network very recently.
So if you've sampled the other shows on the network,
go give that one a try because it's fantastic
and much better than any of the shows that we make.
So that's something that we're gonna have to struggle with.
Do you guys want the final?
Yes, yeah.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Graham Roebuck.
Thank you, it's Yahoo Answers user Al The Pal,
who I'm almost certain I've gotten
the last question out of before.
Al The Pal asks, I know cows have udders,
but do they also have breasts?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
I'm bailiff Jesse Thorne.
And I'm Judge John Hodgman.
If you live on the West Coast of North America,
we're coming your way.
That's right.
Judge John Hodgman is taking justice
to the West Coast on tour.
Starting where?
Vancouver, British Columbia, January 15th.
Then to Seattle, Washington on the 16th.
Portland, Oregon on the 17th.
San Francisco, California on the 18th.
And Los Angeles, California, the City of Angels
on January 22nd.
Tickets are on sale now.
You can find links to all of the shows at Maximumfun.org.
And if you're going to be in one of those cities
and you have a dispute, we can try on stage.
Send it to us.
Just go to Maximumfun.org slash JJHO
or email Hodgman at Maximumfun.org.
I'm ready to judge you on the road.
Take that Jack Kerouac, author of On the Road.
