If you change your mind, I'm the first in line Honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around If you got no place to go when you're feeling down
If you're all alone, when the pretty birds have flown
Honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me
Every second, real time, this is why it's a modern show, it's every, every, now
If you want to reach us, you can always ask a question
On Twitter you can use the hashtag MBMBAM or you can email us, it's MBMBAM at gmail.com, that of course stands for my brother, my brother and me
Our original title was deemed too long
I actually have a list of some of the titles as we were spit balling
We'll go ahead and say yours because I know what you're going to
My personal favorite, it wasn't mine, I'm pretty sure you came up with it
It was absolutely mine
Keenan and Kel and Justin and Travis and Griffin
Which is a better name than my brother, my brother and me
And can you imagine after our first 350 episodes when we finally had the draw to get the KKs up on the show
The Keenan and Kel run off where people will want to listen for Keenan and Kel and then they're not there at first
Oh right, right, yeah, and you don't want to lose that demographic of Keenan and Kel
I also don't want to lose all of my orange soda because Kel would drink it right up
You know who loves orange soda?
I've heard that Kel enjoys the occasional orange soda
Loves orange soda
From time to time
Guys, I don't actually, you'll have to forgive me, does drinking orange soda have racial connotations that maybe fans of Keenan and Kel
Oh no, I didn't even think about that
Does it?
Guys, guys, listen, listen, I'm not racist, Keenan and Kel, I'm sorry
Kel totally loves orange soda, that is the frequent subject on that show
Yeah, this is a topic
I get verified, he does, he does, he does
You tube it, just tube it
Side note, let's go ahead and derail this train of thought a little bit further
Kel I think was in a movie that I saw at the Blockbuster Video called Who Made the Potato Salad
Yes, it was
That was the last, that was in 1998 when I saw that video cassette on the store shelf and that was the last time I ever saw Kel Mitchell
He went into his novel writing career
I don't actually think
You know what's weird about that? By sheer serendipity, our first question this week on My Brother, My Brother and Me comes to us from the potato
The underscore potato on Twitter
He asks, I want a larger follower account but I'm finding it difficult to get more than two in a day, what can I do?
Start a bunch of accounts and have them follow each other
Yeah, we're talking about a question of determination, right?
You could open a business where you have a thousand accounts, right?
I don't think there's any limitation to that, right?
Yeah
It's not like Facebook, you can just, you know, shit and five Twitter accounts fall out
You could have this network and you could say, I will give you a thousand followers in a day, you just pay me fifty bucks
And then, you know, you're spending all day clicking the follow button but it's still fifty bucks
You know what I'm willing to bet? Someone is doing that somewhere
Yeah
Tell me who they are and I'll shell out fifty bucks for a thousand
The question is really one of quality, right?
Like, if I see a funny tweet, usually I'm going to click on that name, I'm going to say, what are you offering?
What's your story?
Right
You know, and I will look at them, I will read their words, I will open up their mind and see what's inside
If I'm climbing around in there and I like what I see, I like the territory, I'm going to state my claim
Can I say, if you're getting two new followers a day, that ain't bad
Yeah, that's pretty good, because pretty soon, exponentially, they're going to start re-tweeting the funny shit you say
And then it's going to be three followers a day and then four followers a day and then, hold on, let me remember
I got to pull out my Fibonacci sequence, but I think it's sixty-two
Yeah, sixty-two and then from there, you just start tweeting about products you're using, sponsored tweets
And then boom
Highway to the Danger Zone, you're rich
And you're famous
Yep
That's how it works
So?
That's how you get money
That's how you get beebed
Yeah, that's how Bieber did it
Bieber started his career standing in the middle of malls, just singing at the top of his lungs
Then two people came up and they're like, what are you doing? And he's like, exactly
He wasn't even singing at first, he was just like, just ate a sandwich at Subway, it was real good
But he had to say it in less than 140 letters
Yeah
Now he's on Saturday Night Live
Now let's say, I don't know who Justin Bieber is, I know of his existence
So talented
I have no context
Do you realize that that sort of like, that like, postmodern detachment from popular culture, that's not cool anymore
Like, he was cool back in the early 2000s, but it's hot enough
I know, I said he has a funny game
No, no, no, no, he really is, like, this is me being completely unironic
You guys remember how I got on that Twilight kick?
Yeah
But you guys knew that it wasn't, I was being ironic
This is me, my most sincere Justin Bieber, super talented
Watch him on Saturday Night Live last night
Oh, he knew what was up
He knew how to work or shit
He was on Saturday Night Live, didn't he like, 8?
What?
He's like, 8
He's 13
He stayed up past his bedtime to rock us all
To sleep
Yeah, to rock you to sleep, ironic
Cause like, I heard by 12 he was getting super cranky
He's like, I wanna go down
Well, you know, I believe that answers your question, who is Justin Bieber?
Yeah, someone had to have asked her, right?
Speaking of questions, this one comes from Yahoo
The question is, what is the chord progression during the intro of the ABC series, Greek?
What?
Comes to us from Yahoo Answers user Rezuin
Was it all in caps?
Was it all in caps?
He had to know right this second
You know what, it's all actually, except he capitalized chord progression and intro, which, no
But he did put Greek in single apostrophes
What?
Yeah, I know, it kind of followed AP style
So, Rezuin was
More importantly, what the fuck, man?
That's what you care about?
What?
What?
Do you think that Rezuin is his Christian name?
Or do you think that his manager, Arby's, is like, Rezuin, make all these tries
I think
Rezuin, why don't you have a girlfriend?
More puzzling than his moniker is why he's trying to play the chord progression during the intro of the ABC series, Greek
Sorry, let me finish the question
What is the chord progression, or is it from a song?
I'm not talking about the Plain White T's song
I'm talking about the short five second chord progression that plays during the intro to Greek in the current season
Well, they're currently in season five
So, not to be confused with the progression
Don't get it twisted because the first four seasons opened up with Hey There Delilah by the Plain White T's
Now it's just a generic sort of four chord, you'd know it if you heard it
Yeah, of course
It's just a square, bar, bar, beep, right? That one?
You play it by ear
I love that that's a concern, like that he watched the show and all he came away with was, what were those notes?
What were those notes?
I'll get that occasionally, like from a television show, like I'm sure that there have been, like a tailspin
Sure
I'll learn the intro to a tailspin on guitar and then I will go and I will make that dream a reality
We're not talking about
We're not talking about a timeless children's cartoon classic
We're not talking about a song where you play it at a party and get the whole party rocking
We're talking about five notes where someone's like, what is that? Was that a song?
Oh, you know, the beginning of Greek, just kicking it off
The beep, boop, bop, boop, beep song
Yeah, you know, from Greek
Oh, wait a minute
Wait a minute
Not a few would have not recognized that upon hearing it
No one watches Greek, no one's ever seen it
No, no, listen, I got it, I just got confused
He said ABC series Greek
It's ABC family series
Oh, right
I have seen that show
Okay, yeah, no, those five notes rule, they're epic, tears
I have the whole collection, the whole Greek, they call it the frat house box set duplex edition
It comes in a keg, which is nice
It comes in two kegs because there's a lot of discs
And as soon as you go to open it, it melts it down
As well it should be
Great
It's a fine question and I don't have an answer for you
Go play their music, go learn how to play
There's so many good songs
Spambot wants to know
How do I get my incredibly talented artist friends to draw more?
I don't think if your quote unquote incredibly talented artist friends
If they don't draw that frequently
Then they're either not incredibly talented or they're not artists at all
Or they're not your friends
Well, no, I wouldn't go that far
Maybe they're doing all this secret drawing and they're just keeping it
Yeah, that's their real friends
Oh shit, here comes Spambot, put the pencils down
Put down the pencils
I don't want her to see, because every time he's like
That's a 20 minute conversation
He sees them working and it's oh I'm so glad to see you're doing that
Keep it up, keep it up
Whatever happened, you did two years at RISD and then you just bounced
What happened to your life?
Now you're doing sculpting, go back to drawing
My advice is this, most likely they know better than you know
How good they actually are
Their advanced knowledge of the field
Yeah, so you're looking at it going oh my god
But they've just been sketching Marvin the Martian
And you think it's funny and ironic but really they know it's Marvin the Martian
Listen, I just drew this dog
You're an upside down heart and he's a happy dog
And you're like oh my god
And you're crying and moved
Let them not draw that anymore
It's probably a good idea
Here's another one from the Yahoo Contingency
This one's from Caitlin W
These are not our fans by the way
Jump back real quick
You actually want them to draw more and encourage them
Are you really just going to
No, no
We're done with here
Here we go
Headline, I went on a first date with this guy
I didn't know what to say to him
So a guy I knew went on a date with me today
I was really excited beforehand and I couldn't wait to see him
I really like him a lot, no words can describe it
So anyways, we went to a movie and then when it was over we walked around
But I didn't have much to say
Neither did him
It felt sort of awkward
I did want to say something, I just don't know what
So I hope to god that there's going to be another date with him soon
You know who I like? That quiet girl
She goes on to ask for topics
What struck me was, yeah we had this super awkward date
Didn't have anything to talk about
Just three hours spent in the most horrifying silence imaginable
So can't wait for date two
Date two, bring him back
He said he'd take me to Coldstone
At least at Coldstone you have
So what did you go with?
Cake batter and graham crackers
Are the gummy bears in there?
It's not a big deal
Do you have a funny story about graham crackers?
I don't either
Can't wait to see you on date three
What time is it? It's only 7.21, oh my god
What time is your mom picking us up?
You know the real awkward moment that had to be like
Hey, what are you writing on your phone?
I was just asking Yahoo
The date was going, I thought it was going pretty good
Oh my god I didn't read the answers
There were no answers
I've already found my favorite
This one isn't my favorite
I'm going to save the favorites
Here's not my favorite
Ooh, he probably thinks you're not interested in him now
Text him now and say I really enjoyed our date with a smiley face
This is so important, the smiley face
One person says, Danny says well for my first dates I usually go on a double date
Well that makes, you know, I've played that game before
Here's my favorite
This one's from Jack Daniels
One of the few people on Yahoo questions with an avatar and it's him
Ironically, if you're Jack Daniels you never have to worry about what to say next
It's just there
It's an avatar of him and he's wearing a backwards baseball hat
He's got headphones on and he's winking
Wait, this is Jack Daniels with like the old black
Jack Daniels avatar
It's like one of those fucking zwinkey
Cartoon yourself
Here's the answer, are you ready?
No laughing, seriously
This was answered 23 minutes ago too, so this is hot off the oven
Shh, shh, shh, shh
I can't do this
Shh, shh, shh
Sometimes the quietest moments can say the most about yourself
I'm literally creating a Yahoo Answers profile right now so that I can give his comment a
thumbs up and make it the highest rated answer of all time.
I would like to picture him really super drunk when he wrote that too.
Hey Jack Daniels, can you take your headphones off and talk to me?
No, girl, no.
Listen, straight up.
The quietest moments, girl.
I just told this one bitch on Yahoo Answers, what's up?
I just told her the quietest answers, you know?
What's up?
To be fair, his answer is all lower case twos.
And you know what, he's right, because those quiet moments told her date, this is a terrible
date.
This is awful.
You did in effect communicate more than you probably could have.
Guess what?
I'm boring.
This is what it would be like forever if we got there.
Forever.
Can you imagine our children sitting in silence and staring at us and wondering why mom and
daddy don't talk?
Think of it.
It's a world away, but it's really just a second date away.
Call me.
No, don't.
Text me and then I won't answer and it will be like I'm there.
Call me and I'll breathe into the phone for a while.
Suzanne, I believe it's I-L-E-S, but it could be two L's at the end.
She's actually from County Cork, according to her Twitter profile.
She wants to know how she can add oh, about 10 hours to her day.
Now this is of course impossible, but time management, what's the secret?
I really need advice on how to add oh, about 10 hours to my day.
Could you help?
We can, of course.
We always have an answer.
The not sleeping thing is good, but not jokingly, like sleep less.
Go to sleep earlier, wake up earlier.
I don't agree.
I don't agree.
I don't agree with that.
I think your sleep time is so important.
It is important, but you don't have to do 13 hours of it.
You've got to take good care of yourself and then get, I don't know, seven?
Here's the way I look at it.
Go to sleep later, but wake up at the same time because that's so much for me is I wake
up earlier and I'm tired even if I got the same amount of sleep.
Do you know what another good one that I've been working on in that just don't try your
very best to not read anything.
Because every second you spend, not even a book, but on the internet, every second or
a road sign or instructions for medicine, those are minutes a day that you spend reading
that you could spend doing other things.
You can read a lot and if you cut that out of your regimen, oh, it's so much time.
You'll be amazed at how the day opens up to you.
In the news biz, we have something called the Inverted Pyramid where the most important
stuff is at the top.
So basically, just read the headline and if you're not getting the news, then they let
you down.
You have to read beyond that.
I should have been more specific.
Just don't read the news either.
There's not much of a reason to read it.
Once you read the news, it's already happened.
That's past.
That's done.
That's back.
You know what?
Another thing people do is they do things too many times.
You go to hug someone and you start the hug and it's like, yes, I get you're hugging
me.
You start enjoying it too much and you're there for, what, 20-30 minutes.
Just give them a quick in and out.
You give them a quick hug, you're done.
The hug is accomplished and then you just picked up 20 minutes.
Also, stop eating.
No, eating's cool.
No, eating's down.
Eating's pretty cool.
I'm saying that you need to reevaluate.
You need to look at the things in your life that you're doing and you need to figure
out what you would rather be doing with that time.
Also, it seems counterintuitive, midday nap.
Just super energizing, get yourself a piziz going, just in and out.
If you can get a 20-minute power nap in midday, then the rest of the day is going to feel
longer.
It's a little secret.
Right.
Well, pro tip.
It's about perception.
It's a question of perception.
Brian Gann is afraid of bees, wasps, and hornets.
Should be.
He said, when he wears red shirts in the spring, he seemed to go near me.
What do I do?
Don't go outside.
Okay, first off, that's a perfect – we have so many fears that are irrational.
The fear of stinging insects is a direct – celebrate that fear.
That's exactly right.
Yes.
I'm being afraid of a shark that's swimming near me.
Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, I'm afraid of that shark.
Absolutely.
I mean, the smart ass answer is, don't wear a red shirt.
He doesn't have a choice.
That's what I said.
But I –
The Enterprise captain told him that he doesn't have long for this world, so he's wearing
a red shirt.
He's going to get skooked.
But I get –
Going to get a planet floor and get skooked by some multi-tentacled fixer wheel.
I understand that I have so few shirts in my life that I think I have a good, positive
body image when I'm wearing, and one of them is red.
And maybe Ryan's in the same boat where he's got this sweet ass red shirt that he
got at PacSun, and it makes him feel good to wear it.
Griffin is sort of like Doug Funne.
It makes him feel good to wear it.
Griffin has fundamentally what is a uniform, the Griffin uniform.
You open up his closet, it's 20 of this red shirt from PacSun.
An all snap button shirt.
It's red flannel –
Slacks, a cock ring.
It's red flannel –
A cock ring.
It's the same every day.
And his mask.
A red cock ring.
But I understand what he's saying.
Not wearing the red shirt is not an option because if you stop wearing the red shirt,
then the terrorist wasps win.
So what you can do is you can spitz yourself with off, but that's not – you don't
want that scent following you around.
I heard about these things.
They are medallions.
They're medallions that you can either snap to your belt or I guess wear around your neck.
They're not particularly stylish, but they exude off or some sort of bug repellent.
That's the most disgusting thing I've ever heard.
No, it's not like a – why is it disgusting?
It's not unsanitary.
It's like a little cunt.
No, because I'm picturing wearing it like a necklace and it just exuding off.
It's really gross.
Like ants who lost pheromones.
What do you smell like?
You smell like off.
You have a deet.
You have a deet-esque aroma.
You have a real strong citronella smell.
Citronella.
Sort of a citronella meets off.
And ass.
And just an ass.
You smell like ass.
Like an ass.
Dude, that medallion though.
But you look awesome.
You look fucking beautiful.
It looks really great with that red shirt.
It all colludes.
Are we talking about like an enchantment?
Is this more of an enchantment?
I would say –
The only medallions that I know of are either beef or enchanted.
Here's what you do.
You go down to the magic store and you tell them that you're having a wasp issue.
A wasp issue.
We're not talking about it.
Don't worry.
He's got it.
It's very old.
He goes down to the medallion wing of the magic store.
Gets you a medallion.
Not a big deal.
The other thing you can do is just run away from them as fast as you can.
They're really small.
Make sure you scream like a girl too.
That's really important.
That is a natural defense.
Travis and I in our Cincinnati love nest, we have a balcony and I'll occasionally
go up there and play guitar for all the children.
The small children.
He plays the five chords from Greek.
I play the five chords from Greek over and over again.
Sometimes I'm just having a good time playing a mellow Greek jam and then like three big
fat bumblebees will come up and like start a jam.
Is that Greek?
Are you playing Greek?
These motherfuckers, they are plump with blood, I think.
Yes.
Yes.
Bees that carry blood from birches can inject them with blood.
I've seen bees and that's how babies are made.
That's how babies are made.
Exactly, Travis.
That is the best bees I've ever seen and they'll just rush me and I have to get up
in the middle of my jam and squeal and just throw the screen door open and get inside
it.
I just bought this new guitar.
I don't care if it slams into the brick wall as I'm getting into the building and shutting
the screen door behind me.
It's terrifying but you just got to get out of there.
It's just one of those things you have to deal with.
You know what?
That's life.
Scratty Bones, do you guys know him?
Scratty Bones on Twitter.
Scratty Bones Jones?
Scratty Bones Jones.
How many times a week should I shampoo my hair?
I'm currently on a wash thrice shampoo every third wash cycle.
Okay, we're going to get just real talk here.
Yeah, you just entered into our wheelhouse.
Listen, this is a matter of some debate for men of dry hair.
Let me open up by saying I didn't know this is one of those many, many things that I as
a 22-year-old adult should know and incorporate in my life but I shampoo my hair every time
I get in the shower.
See?
That's why you've got that close hair.
That's why you've got that hair like you have.
You're having an awakening.
Guys, it's our first awakening.
I feel like when I don't…
You're listening to awakenings with Justin Travis and Chris and the rest.
I feel like I'm getting dirty.
If I don't do it, I feel dirty.
The thing is the natural oils that your scalp produces makes your hair look…
Think of it from a caveman era.
Your body biologically wants your hair to look better.
It's trying to make your hair look better.
It's doing what it can to help you.
I like the three-day rotation.
I like the three-day rotation.
I am down.
Now sometimes, what's the problem?
You've got to get in there on that third day with a real hard scrub or your scalp's
going to go to shit.
That's the nightmare scenario.
When my hair gets longer and I know I'm running my hands through it a lot and getting
it real gross, I'll do a two-day rotation.
Sure.
Yeah.
If you use a lot of products one day and you've got to get away from that feeling…
You know what?
I would also, if that's not good for you, get yourself a nice smoothing gel, something
that's going to reduce that frizz for you.
My man Sunny, my gay Persian hairstylist, the master cuts.
That's my boy Sunny.
He said, oh, we'll get you something that looks real good, buddy.
That's what he always says no matter how he cuts it.
Wait a minute, Sunny.
I know that fool.
He used to work at Fantastic Sam's, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And he migrated.
He migrated.
He looked like a beautiful…
Two more gay Persian-friendly things.
Yeah.
The Fantastic Sam's wasn't gay Persian-friendly enough for Sunny.
Well, with a name like Fantastic Sam's, I mean…
Yeah, you think.
Oh, you know, they're real heterosexual American-friendly.
You know what's adorable?
You know what's adorable?
He says, so I say, I'm always going on a Friday for some reason, and he says, so what
are you doing this weekend, buddy?
You know, I'll tell him whatever boring shit I'm doing.
He said, I'm going to go down to this new gay bar.
It's called whatever, Accelerate or whatever the new gay bar is, Shamanigans.
I want to go down to the Shamanigans, and you know, my friends, they always drag me
to these gay bars.
I don't know, buddy.
And it's like, come on.
Come on, Sunny.
I don't even know what's going on.
Come on.
I mean, I'm impeccably dressed.
Come on.
I don't care.
It's sad.
The region we live in, he's been conditioned to try to keep that on the DL, but no, he's
great.
Anyway, my man, Sunny, my boy Sunny, he says to use the, he says that I should use a smoothing
gel, so I do.
Just a nice…
It's important to note, you should still rinse your hair out.
You should get in the shower and rinse your hair, because if not, that's gross.
There's one unsolved mystery here, because you guys obviously know more about this than
I do, but if you don't shampoo your hair, then how are you supposed to put shampoo in
your hair and let the suds run down, and then just use those suds as soap?
Right?
Oh, okay.
Listen, great question, but I pass the head all together, go straight to the chest hair.
You're telling me that I shouldn't use soap, is what I'm hearing, except for every Wednesday
and Saturday.
I think that this grooming section, I'm going to, has taken a weird turn where it's more
about…
How gross Griffin is?
Just a terrible life of Griffin Mackerel, it's weird.
It started out as about one thing, now it's kind of depressing.
I'm as clean as a motherfucker, but I do it in suspect ways.
Yeah, yeah.
He's going for that every man, I've got this, why not just combine the two tasks?
I operate outside of the accepted social norms when it comes to showering.
This has gone from a Dear Abby column to a photocopied independent comic that someone
on the streets of Brooklyn would hand you where it's like, my terrible life, what
a wreck I am.
Or perhaps an intervention.
So apparently, Suzanne, if you want to shave a few minutes from your day, just use your
shampoo for soap.
Like a monster.
And then cry.
Cry for it.
Just cry yourself.
How much time do you have to black out for crying?
Before next week's show, I'm going to get a bar of soap, I'm going to get a thing
of shampoo, and I'm going to read off the ingredients in both, and it's going to be
the same.
Wait, can I, can I, can I, Griffin, can I say?
I'm so embarrassed.
Griffin, are you conditioning?
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Oh, see, but you don't want to do that every day either.
No, I do that every, I do that twice.
I do that twice a day.
No, you do not do that.
What?
I do not.
Yeah, you didn't know that?
I'll carry a little bottle of shampoo, of conditioner around with me.
I'll do it in the shower.
Oh, no, no, no.
And then just like after lunch, I'll just.
You don't want to condition every day.
Dry.
Every time, every time I go to get my hair cut, when I get my hair cut, the girl's like,
have you conditioned yesterday or today?
And if I say yes, she won't do it.
Like, because you lose manageability of your hair.
That's like, I know.
But like, your hair should be somewhat coarse so it holds a natural shape.
Working Stiff Pro says, yeah, this is our settled cue.
Dear MBMBAM, I'm looking for love.
Not the sicko type, but if I find that, I'm not opposed.
Hey.
Nice.
Keep it open.
Any ideas?
I think that you've got to stick up your ass.
I don't think you should.
If you ain't got love, you shouldn't be able to, you know, cast aspersions, but.
Yeah, maybe you get that weird love, that love with a pillow shaped like a person love.
Who's to say that's not love though, right?
Like in that person's mind.
I actually, I just had my mind changed on internet dating.
Yeah.
Um, like I was talking to a female friend of mine and all she does is internet dating
because in her mind she doesn't have time to go through all the shit of like going to
a bar and like the guy she works with, she sees every day so she doesn't want to do that.
And I was like, you know what?
I had been judging that too harshly.
Now that being said, ladies, don't get near that Craigslist.
Freaks on the internet do not trust people in anything, but I now see that as a viable
like, hey, good work.
If you want to go through internet dating and that's your jam, do it.
Don't be ashamed of it.
But even when that internet dating is like a Craigslist listing, it's like, hey, how's
it going?
You want to come over and hang out?
We can watch movies and you can jerk off, you can jerk off my dog.
No, wait a second.
But that's still love for that person.
Go to a community.
If you're going to shop online for dudes or chicks, ladies, excuse me, make sure it's
a community you trust like the NB, NBAM community of fans.
Lots of singles.
Lots of singles just mixing it up in there.
Pics only, please.
Pics only.
Yeah, pics only.
SL.
And no fatties.
Best way to do it, meet new people, dude.
Just meet new people.
Every day, meet some new people.
Yeah, get a – and remember, here's a good tip for life.
Remember it's impossible to get someone interested in you, so be interested in other
people.
That's the secret to success.
Everybody wants to be – feel like people are interested in them.
Get interested in other people and the love, the love will find you.
And here's my secret trick, dude.
When you go out and you're looking for a girl, have girls with you.
Girls will trust you so much more.
That's good too, yeah.
That's good too.
Because that's the thing, because there's always that natural like I feel creepy walking
up to a girl at a bar and be like, hey, baby, can I buy you a drink?
But if you have another girl with you, that's a litmus test for that girl like, oh, this
dude's not a super creepo serial killer.
I can at least chat with them for now.
And then don't push it.
Don't push it.
If you're like, can I buy you a drink?
You have a good 10-minute conversation, be like, all right, that's a W. And if we come
back and talk again later, great, but don't try to move from 10-minute conversation to
so do you want to get married?
Just like enjoy that 10 minutes and then, you know, see how it goes later.
Or another option, don't feel like you have to be in love with somebody, you know?
I've got a pretty good life.
I'm not, you know, I'm single, no prospects.
I eat, I eat, I eat.
And he also shampoos every day.
Water laced, shampoo with soap, Griffin McElroy, it's on the market.
At 12.30, I wanted to have a hot dog and a soda, but we didn't have buns.
We had some leftover brats that my brother made last night on the grill.
And I cut it up.
That was already a week old, important to note.
Put it in ramen and I didn't have soda, so I drank beer and it was 12, it was 12 o'clock.
So you don't need any, you don't need, you know, if you have someone, they could tell
you not to do that.
It doesn't matter, sicko, it doesn't matter, love.
You just need someone to tell you.
Just so long as they have enough cognizant awareness to say, hey, don't eat brat and
ramen and beer.
It's 12 o'clock.
You're nicer.
Go outside.
You need people in your life.
You need, I've got Justin and Travis, without them, fuck, I would be, I would be, just eat
the shampoo.
I would get confused.
And then rub the ramen all over yourself, that's why I'm not willing to say he has not
done.
So, well, look, when you don't have a loofah, sometimes you don't have a loofah.
Desperate times call for desperate loofahs.
This one comes from Yahoo.
Open question from Tara, the top contributor.
I don't know if that means like of all time or just for today, but the question is, what
is the first song that comes to mind when I say the word party?
I'm pretty sure I know what Justin's answer would be to that question.
You know what, I'm going to say that the top answer on this Yahoo question is the correct
one.
Is it Andrew WK's?
Party Hard?
No, it is on, that is on there.
What about DMX's Party Up In Here?
I don't actually see that on the list.
If we're assuming that the answers that have been given are indeed the correct answers.
I have one more guess, Lionel Richie's All Night Long.
No.
Close.
Party All The Time by Eddie Murphy is one of the top answers.
That's not the top answer.
Someone said Birthday by the Beatles.
Actually, no, that's the worst song ever recorded.
Party in the USA is on here a couple of times by musical ingenue Miley Cyrus.
She wrote the Greek theme song.
The top answer though, do you guys really not know it?
Tell me.
I guarantee you know it if you think.
I will probably know it once you say it.
I mean, I will be familiar.
It's Hollywood Nights by Pete Seeger.
Shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots.
That's the best answer ever.
I mean, that's a very good answer.
I mean, it should come to your mind when someone's trying to get the party started.
No one's ever been having a bad time and someone dropped shots and everyone's like,
I don't know, no, it's time.
There are two words in that song that always make me go, well, yeah, and it's buttery
nipples.
And when they say it, oh, that is heaven, that is heaven.
For me, it's shots and shots.
And then they say.
The 23rd and 28th instances of the words being used.
And I think it's the best usage of Little John I've ever seen.
God.
The best use of the force that is Little John.
I think the best use of Little John was that time when my car broke down and he pulled
over to help me with my tire.
That was pretty cool.
It was nice.
I was like, I'm right here, John.
You don't.
Little John.
Old John.
I don't know.
You look about the same height as me.
I will just pass you the one that you don't need to yell.
Unnecessary.
Now I really want to listen to shots.
Unfortunately, that's.
It's the theme song to our show.
It's the theme song of my life.
It's a sad thing to say out loud.
Yeah.
I can't think of a finer, finer moment.
I think it would be good for us when we end each show to have one question that we announce
at the end of the show and then just ruminate on until the start of the next week's show
once we've had a week to think about it.
You have a question, don't you?
I have it.
Yes.
That's what I thought.
Absolutely.
So you let me know when you're ready for the end to come.
Justin, if they want to contact us, what's the best way to get a question out into the
Ethernet for us?
You just use the Twitter and use the hashtag NBNBAM or you can use the Internet, say email.
It's NBNBAM at gmail.com and we will have more options for you as we progress.
Whatever other things are in the works, but for now, that's how we roll.
Final question of the day from Yahoo Answers user Mallie.
Can birds get allergies?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
And this has been my brother, my brother, and me.
You will never know me.
I'm Travis McElroy and I'll see you next time.
