The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to Birthday Boys, a special birthday podcast for the three birthday
boys of my brother and my brother and me. My name is Justin McElroy and it is my birthday
on Saturday. My name is Travis McElroy and it's my birthday on Saturday.
Hi, I'm Griffin McElroy and my birthday is cancelled for just the rest of my life.
No more birthdays for me.
Is it your birthday on Saturday, Griffin?
My birthday is on Saturday.
It's my birthday on Saturday. The McElroy brothers have their birthdays on Saturday.
I like to think that when the two of you have birthdays, the world birthdays with you.
Well, yeah, except it's not actually their birthday so they don't get anything.
Like you don't, you aren't going to get gifts, right, Griffin?
I mean, it's a nice birthday.
Daddy actually still sends me presents on your guy's joint birthday.
Really?
I'm going to have to have my people talk to his people.
My birthday people.
Griffin, now I heard you, I heard you went to Japan and I think the question on everybody's
mind that everybody's been wondering about and has been asking about is,
did you get us any birthday presents there?
I got you travel presents.
Your birthday presents will be American made, American bought, and American owned.
Oh my God, this is such a good transition into our first question.
Okay, we haven't said anything funny yet, so should we keep trying?
Why start now?
Why start now?
Here's our first question.
I recently traveled to South America for a little over a month ago.
My family members some pretty nice gifts.
Normally when I travel, I give Suvies.
Normally when I travel, I give Suvies.
Oh man.
Oh wow, I was not ready for that part with a little bit of neologism.
I give Suvies soon after I come back with candle nights fast approaching.
I'm considering wrapping them and giving them as presents.
Is this tacky?
This is from Classless in Canada.
Uh, I'm actually into it because it kind of feels like you were thinking about this so early.
Like I prepped early for your Christmas present.
I was super prepared.
I would say there's a caveat though.
And that caveat is it depends, like you can't, like I got you this $3 magnet,
but because I got it from out of the country, it pretty much covers Christmas.
Has anybody ever gotten you an intercontinental, is that right?
Yeah.
A global gift that you were like, you just blew me away.
Or I feel like it's, I don't, I'm trying to couch your
guys expectations for the Japanese presents that I got you.
But it's, I always find it very difficult to buy things overseas.
And I think it's like, this is so dope.
They're going to love this.
Because you have a lot more restrictions there.
I mean, you're handing the person a thing and you're basically saying,
guess what fit in my suitcase?
Yeah, right.
That's what didn't break.
I didn't bring you back like authentic samurai armor.
Right.
You're trying to thread a lot of needles.
It depends on also how, how, how far apart your travel and candle nights is.
Cause if it's man, I don't know if it's like nine months, it's like,
you could just give me that nine months ago and then got me extra presents.
That's what I'm talking to you guys about.
Do I ship you guys this shit now and then get you some, some real American,
true American presence or do you only want half of the presents?
Cause that seems like a pretty easy choice to me.
I mean, I want double the presence.
Right.
Do you want to let me off the hook for having to figure out what the fuck you guys are into?
Like what stuff you desire as humans now?
Um, how about you just like start buying presents and we'll tell you when to stop.
Open your wallet.
We'll, we'll wave you off.
In fact, you just want to give me your credit card information.
I've got a wishlist a mile long on Amazon and I will take care of it.
Well, I mean, it is also your birthday, so I could just,
I mean, we're talking, we're getting into triple present territory and I'm not made of money.
I'm made of flesh.
Can't buy things with flesh.
This isn't Hellraiser.
I would say that like you can do a souvenirs as presents and, you know, if you're the
You're saying they're a supplement, a present dressing, a present condiment.
Exactly.
I'm a person who likes to do like three or four gifts per person for Christmas.
So like you can swap that out.
And as long as it's like a gift, you would normally give them.
Does that make sense?
Like if it's something where it's like, I didn't just get this because I got it from
another country.
I got it for you because it made me think of you.
And it's like a specific present I bought for you.
Not just like, I buy you a Nova Scotian flag.
Like if it's like, well, it is Nova Scotia.
Yeah, fine.
They don't have, they do not have a flag.
I'm sure they have some sort of flag.
So like, welcome to Nova Scotia.
Nova Scotia is for lovers.
It's just Ellen Page giving a thumbs up.
I think that the nice thing about giving it during candle nights is that you spare yourself
the awkwardness of the person not having a reciprocal gift.
Like, oh, that's the worst.
You got me this from China.
That's cool.
I was in Logan County and I have half a Gatorade left from that trip.
That's not the scenario.
The scenario is next time you go on international travels, you know you got.
We have friends who spent the summer in Africa and when they came back, they brought us like
shirts that they had made for us.
Like out of these like beautiful fabrics that were like sized to fit and all looked super
dope on us.
And it's like, thanks guys, we will never ever be able to feel okay.
There's nowhere we could go.
Now we have to stop being friends.
Right.
I got you a BMW.
I went to Germany and I got you an authentic, that's where those are made, right?
I got you an authentic Swiss Rolex.
I think this is why everyone before your friends leave for an international trip, you should
just remind them what kind of weird little tchotchkes you collect.
If you're like shot glasses, it's easy.
I'm going to take this weight off your shoulder, just to get me a shot glass.
I collect nail clippers from around the world.
Just that's it.
Having a collection is really a gift that you give to other people.
I mean, that is the most beautiful thing you could do is have a collection because now
anytime anybody is like hard up, let me just get Justin a full motion video Sega CD game
from wherever country I'm at and I'll just bring that home for him.
No problem.
That's their whole fucking trip.
It's like, what are we doing on Wednesday?
We're in Sydney, Australia.
What are we going to do on Wednesday?
Well, we got to find a fucking video game store, a used video game store that is very
well stocked.
I hear there's a back alley vendor.
He's got the full motion videos right next to them.
They've got to be NTSC format, which is going to be very difficult to find here.
And it looks like the only one he does not have is double switch.
So call it another shrimp on the Atari.
No, why would it?
It might do that.
This Yahoo was sent in by Ryan Berry.
Thank you, Ryan.
It's by Yahoo answers user G who asks, I had a wet dream.
I was being chased by a bear.
Wait, what?
There's no additional information.
That's all you get.
Damn it.
Oh, God.
The bear is going to eat me.
And also, why am I coming?
Oh, God.
I love cake.
But you know what bears don't know?
Safe words.
That's no, I can't imagine.
It's a pretty good defense mechanism.
The bears like, whoa, whoa, I'm going to go.
You said DuckTales.
So I'm going to back up.
No, DuckTales can't be our parental password.
To know that an adult is down and also be safe for rough stuff.
Do you think it's possible that this person doesn't know what wet dream means?
And they got so scared that they wet the bed and then they woke up and like, I'm a man.
Or they woke up covered in honey.
It wasn't a dream.
It was a dream.
By the way, this is posted in Yahoo answers section titled dream interpretation.
So you know that's all that we're doing for the next episode.
Our special dream interpretation episode.
Did anyone try to interpret this particular nighttime journey?
Yahoo answers user Jamie did say, well, there's such a thing as an erotic nightmare,
which by the way, is the new subtitle of my brother, my brother and me.
An erotic nightmare for the modern era.
Even though I never had one.
What others are saying is correct.
Besides when you dream or have nightmares,
you're in REM sleep in which you will normally have an erection anyway.
No fucking way.
Is that true, Jamie?
How were your Zs last night?
Good.
I got down to like REM level four was hard as a rock the whole time.
Hey, let me ask you guys.
Did you guys ever have wet dreams?
Is this a real?
I'm asking you too.
Did you ever have wet dreams growing up?
I was so worried about having a wet dream.
I was very proactive about making sure that would be a biological impossibility.
Wet dreams.
You guys ever have a wet dream?
I don't want to talk about this with you.
Brothers.
Hey, my brothers.
Hey, my biological brothers.
Did you guys, when you were growing up, did you ever have a wet dream?
Do you ever have nocturnal emissions, brothers?
So mine.
I feel like the very idea of wet dreams should be a thing that like people surreptitiously
bury in their backyard and never speak about.
Like wet dreams is not a thing you post on Yahoo answers and say, like, I dreamed about
a bear eating me.
And also, apparently I was super into it.
Oh, see, I didn't even consider the possibility that the bear caught and ate you.
If that's the case, maybe you're into Vore.
You might be in a Vore.
You know what?
Something I learned last time we talked about Vore.
Our listeners really love it when I talk about Vore.
It's like listening to Conan O'Brien talk about video games.
It's like something you think that this person doesn't know about.
Guys, I know all about Vore.
Not that it's my particular cup of tea.
I just find it very fascinating.
And you know what else is weird?
When you talk about Vore, that's an ASMR trigger for me.
What is that?
ASMR?
Is it like this gentle speaking?
Yeah.
And like ASMR videos, I've gotten really into them lately, you guys.
Yeah, me too.
You have ASMR, you get tingles.
Like when people-
You know that, Griff, you ever get that tingle when like you're getting your haircut or like
you're getting measured maybe for clothes and you get that like tingle in the back of your head.
And then you wake up and you cum.
No, well, no.
No, it's not like that.
I just find it so fascinating the things that give people bonus.
Do you want to try- Hey, you know what we should do?
We should do an ASMR section.
Okay.
Here's how you do it, right?
You just talk like this and you say like, hello and welcome to my clinic.
I'm going to be your pretend doctor.
Let me check.
Just lie back and I'm going to massage your scalp.
This is my partner.
What is your practice?
Why are you ASMR Batman?
My practice is, where's Falcone?
I find Falcone.
This is my partner, Dr. Travis Patrick McElroy.
Hey!
Who's going to take me now?
Hey guys, we're here to talk to you.
I don't think that was ASMR.
I'm going to rub your head.
Rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub.
I'm rubbing it.
This is a gentleman rubbing your head.
Scalp, scalp, scalp, scalp, scalp, scalp, scalp.
Can I try it?
Can I try to do it?
Yeah, go for it, Griffin.
Hey, everybody.
This is Griffin coming at you with my soothing ASMR.
I did an arm fart.
What age of person is appropriate to be listening to their ASMR video?
Sometimes when I'm on the ASMR creep, I find myself accidentally listening to a video
of a person that might not be 18 years old.
And then I have to say to myself, uh-oh, do I need to pump the brakes?
Is this the Yahoo Answers question you're reading or a Justin Answers question?
This is a Justin Answers special Justin Nights mystery for you guys at what age?
Because you know who has free time to talk quietly into a microphone?
15-year-olds.
So I'm saying, is it okay to listen to an underage ASMR video?
No, fucking of course not.
I didn't think so.
I'm going to say right here that ASMR is not inherently sexual.
So yes, it's fine.
What is it?
What?
What?
Do you, it, yes.
Yeah.
You know what?
Actually the 100% is.
Because you're gleaning a very intimate sensation from those videos.
You did not know what ASMR was fucking, you just went zero to judgey in like three minutes
because you didn't know what ASMR was and now you decided it's sexual.
Classic.
What is it?
If not sexual, what is it?
It's just like a pleasant relaxing thing.
You know what else is?
Wet dreams.
Yeah.
Nice relaxing wet dream.
You ever wake up from a wet dream just feeling like you just like guzzled down a fresca?
I feel like a million bucks and also sticky.
Thank you very much subconscious.
I enjoyed that quite a bit.
This seems like one of those segments that people are going to tweet at us and say like,
listen, I'm usually down with anything, but that prolonged segment where you asked your
brothers what wet dreams they had may have been too much even for me.
What's up you cool babies?
Well, we only have like six boundaries left and it's like sweeps week.
You know what I mean?
We're in the heat of fall pilot season.
We got to compete with the fucking flash somehow.
Tell me about your jizz nightmare.
Tune in this week.
Your jizz odysseys.
Look at fucking utopia.
Utopia is going to be canceled in two weeks and the world will mourn the loss of something
that they never knew that they should love.
We could fall down the same pit if we don't keep it spicy reality show utopia.
I'm talking about the shit reality show utopia that nobody but you and I are watching.
It's amazing, right?
We can't get started.
Okay, I we probably can't go down a utopia rabbit hole, right?
No.
Okay, but did you watch the new episode and aren't they kind of ruining it with confessionals?
Um, I didn't watch this week's episode.
We have a special like topical like timely.
Are you ready?
This year Halloween falls on a Friday.
I'm excited to be able to celebrate the holiday on the weekend.
What the fuck are you doing?
I'm reading a question.
I'm my own man now.
Don't hold me back, dad.
What are you?
You move out to fucking cal now you're hotshot.
L.A. Travis, we love it.
I'm tired of this.
I'm tired of you big timing so you can go to In-N-Out Burger whenever you want.
And I know it's so it's 10 o'clock there.
I'm done with this.
Do you want to go ahead?
Let's hear your L.A. infections.
You take the four or nine to Halloween falls on a Friday.
Californians, you guys remember?
Okay, you ready?
Yeah, I guess I only do one thing on this show, but I guess I'll just slide it over.
This year Halloween falls on a Friday.
I'm excited to be able to celebrate.
No, you.
Okay, you take it.
I don't wanna.
I'm done with that now.
I don't do that anymore.
Now Justin's doing Yahoo's and I just fucking kick it.
This year, Halloween falls on a Friday.
I'm excited to be able to celebrate the holiday on the weekend
as I love dressing up in costumes.
Would it be socially acceptable to go out on Saturday night in costume as well?
Oh, sure.
October, October 32nd.
Sounds good to me.
I don't want the party to end, but I also don't want to be the only person there in costume.
Trick or trouble.
Hey, good news.
You will be.
You will be the only person.
Although, I don't know.
I mean, October 32nd is becoming an increasingly popular day
for people to dress up in costume.
I don't know about you, Griffin.
I didn't understand a fucking word Travis just said.
I didn't understand.
Where was the inflection, the heart, the energy, the passion?
He didn't fuck up reading a word that was three syllables long,
which is, I don't know.
I've just become so accustomed to the sound of your voice, I guess.
There is no day that brings more of a tonal shift to your life.
Maybe January 1st rivals it.
But like, November 1st is such a momentous thing.
It's like, all right, we're done with those bullshit holidays.
Time to get down to that sweet stuff.
The temperature plummets like 30 degrees overnight.
The fall leaves start a falling.
All the pumpkins turn to ash.
And it's like, it's fucking go time.
It's fucking turkey time.
Have you guys, you guys think it's weird?
I was thinking about this for the first time this year.
I have a jack-o'-lantern on my porch now.
I still carve.
It seems like a lot of people aren't into that anymore.
I don't see a lot of those anymore, but I still carve.
And I have it there.
And I was thinking about how I need to get rid of that.
And then I was thinking like, don't pumpkins kind of weirdly straddle the line
between like Halloween and autumnal?
Like, if I turn this bad boy around,
can it just be an autumnal decoration to the rots, of course?
Well, and then it's just like a commentary on life.
Think about it.
Think about it, people.
I get, I get this question because like,
so we'll take 30 seconds to talk about the fact that Griffin
and I both dressed up as Bob Belcher from Bob's Burgers.
What the fuck, by the way, what the fuck?
I'm almost certain I told you that I was doing that before.
No, we haven't spoken in three weeks.
And our wives were both like, no, it was great.
And it was totally cute.
And our friend Bradberry dressed up too.
So we had this weird like, are you?
Yeah, I am.
Did you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
But so I've got a full beard and Bob has a mustache.
So I like debated all day, like, do I shave down for one night?
Like, and it seems like all of this work,
all this money you spend on costumes
and time spending costume together
and everything like that for maybe like six hours
of enjoyment and then you're just done.
Like, it's not a thing like you're investing in
for the rest of the year.
Like you're-
I beg to differ.
I actually bought a wig that I think I'm gonna get
a lot of use out of, sexually.
I didn't mean to say that last word again.
I keep doing that.
I keep adding in the meant to think the last words,
but then I say them out loud.
God damn it.
The mustache too.
God damn it.
I was kind of depressing.
This is the first year in like a long time
that I haven't gotten like a Halloween costume together.
It's always hugely stressful because Sydney and I burned
like Wayne and Garth way too early in our relationship.
And we should have hung on to it for a while longer.
So it's always hard trying to come up with-
Every seven years, you can do the costume over.
You think I can revisit it?
You think it's time?
Yeah, I'm looking forward to five years from now
when I can do Marty McFly again.
We all are.
I thought you were TMNT.
I was, but it was really just a t-shirt and a mask.
I mean, it was fine.
It just wasn't for a party.
Like a lot of times at the Halloween party,
I'm straddling that line between like,
are people gonna get this?
And does it bring-
Do I think it's personally entertaining?
One year I was six string samurai
from that hit indie film, Six Strings Samurai.
And I walked around the neighborhood
in just like a suit with a sword
because that's like the whole bit and nobody got that one.
So that was not a good costume.
I thought that was a failure on my part.
Yeah, I mean, we've all shot the cannon indoors like that.
This was actually the first year I think ever
where I was known for, well, I don't know.
The year the movie Kick-Ass came out,
I bought a Kick-Ass outfit, but it was really tight
and I had to wear jeans underneath it
because my dick was just like,
hey guys, happy Halloween.
Oh, cute costume.
I'm Griffin's dick.
You could see me like I'm just out there
and the mask didn't fit over my giant head.
So I went maskless.
And so I just basically looked like a sex pervert
who was really dumpy from the waist down.
What were we talking about?
I did, I did, I did, yeah.
Speaking of this exact situation,
last year, right around Halloween time,
but it is not a Halloween-related story,
I was directing a production of
It's a Bird that's Playing Superman
and the young man who was playing Superman,
who also is a listener of this program, hi, Drew.
He was-
Drew Davenport?
No, Drew Edwards.
And he was playing Superman
and he was trying to figure out
how the situation down there
needed to be sort of curtailed
or restrained in some way.
And he tried several options
and was asking me for feedback.
And so I was in the unavailable position
of trying to tell a 17-year-old
how much of his dick could be showing.
Did you ask him to describe
his different experiments using ASMR?
You fucking weirdo.
Start again.
Whisper, please.
One of my friends asked me to ask you
what the best solution was.
One of my friends did that.
What was the best solution?
He asked, his name is George.
Some sort of weight belt, I think,
ended up being the thing.
It was like compression shorts
that you do for sports.
Compression shorts.
Was one of the options he had lean into it?
Yeah.
For the moms.
Tuck a few fake dicks down there
and they won't know which ones,
which ones, right?
The old decoy dick.
The old Cthulhu's beard.
You guys want a Yahoo?
Yes, please.
This Yahoo was sent in by level 45,000
Yahoo Answers shaman Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Kelly 45712 who asks,
what are some cute Halloween names
for spaghetti, French bread, and salad?
What are some cute Halloween names
for spaghetti, French bread, and salad?
Okay, wait, so like she-
I'll give you an example.
This is Yahoo Answers, the best answer,
which I certainly will not debate.
Yahoo Answers user Double says,
for spaghetti, spoo-getty.
That's what I was gonna say.
That's really good.
It's really good.
What about witch's hair?
That's pretty good too.
That's what, are we talking about like,
you're trying to trigger like,
oh, put your hand in there.
It's like, it's our eyeballs.
It's grapes.
What is it?
It's grapes.
It's cool.
It's always grapes.
Some Medusa bush.
That was gross.
I'm sorry I said Medusa bush, everybody.
But you think about it,
there'll probably be snakes down there too, right?
Okay.
No, no, no.
Are you asking me right now?
Yeah.
If Medusa has snakes for hair,
that she would have tiny-
You asked me about my night jizz.
Working on my night jizz.
I'm asking you if Medusa-
Travis, you'll get one later in the show.
Justin, I'm specifically asking you
if Medusa has snakes down there.
If the carpet matches the snakes.
I have always thought of Medusa
as someone who's down to clown 24-7.
I'm assuming she keeps it short.
Maybe just one strip of snakes
or maybe snakes in a-
Just snake blood.
Just one special-
Hi.
Maybe she shapes it into the shape of a plane
and is like, get it?
My name is Dennis.
Dennis, I made the cut, literally.
I'm the one pubic snake who's here every year.
I'm so lonely.
French bread, double says,
could be dead man's finger
or dead man's finger slices.
Not as good as-
It's too small for a finger.
It's more like a butt cheek that you cut off.
Maybe like a toasted butt cheek.
Dead man's loafer.
Cut a man's butt cheek off
and this is the butt cheek I toasted it.
Scarlet keys, Italian.
What if you called the French bread salad?
Cause that's spookier than bread is, I think.
Pretty good joke, Bazooka Joe.
Keep them coming.
What would the salad be then?
Cause what's worse than-
A spooky salad?
It's pretty good, I guess.
I mean, no, that wasn't my intent.
I'm just clarifying.
You mean a spooky name for a salad.
You just called it a salad with scare-its.
I like that.
Tom Scare-its?
Tom Scare-its.
What about with thousand dylan dressing?
And blue cheese.
Wait, did you say boochies?
Boochies, boochies.
Obviously, boochies.
Boochies, I meant boochies.
Boochies, of course, boochies.
So we got the money zone?
I think so, actually.
You guys have heard of TV, right?
Wait, what?
Have you guys heard of TV?
Like the shows episodic in nature.
Like tuberculosis?
No, like short movies, TV.
I guess so.
I got something better than TV.
TV sucks, it's for old people.
Whoa.
You just found out TV existed.
Hold on.
Yeah, can you fucking slow your roll?
Sorry, I let it go already.
TV's last gen and next is Hulu.
But Hulu, you guys remember Hulu?
Forget Hulu, because now there's Hulu Plus.
God, you're asking us to forget a lot of shit right now
that we literally just heard about.
It is an internet streaming service.
It's got all the current season episodes
of favorite shows like Modern Family,
The Daily Show with Jon Stewart,
and every episode of some shows like South Park,
which is just in Hulu Plus.
If you want to get that whole South Park canon,
that's the place to get it.
Now that you've brought up Hulu,
and I've done research on it in the last 0.5 seconds,
they also have lots of originals and exclusive content.
So the second season of East List High,
which season one and two are up,
so that's like a full two days, you're welcome.
You can also watch The Hot Wives of Orlando,
which is a parody of The Real Hot Wives,
starring Kacey Wilson, Kristen Schaal,
Angela, like pretty much the greatest.
Angela Kinsey, it's an amazing cast.
They just added all three seasons of Burning Love,
which is fucking the best and funniest show on television.
You should definitely be watching that.
Also, ANTM Cycle 21, Boys Still in the House, Booch Tooch.
Boys are not out of the house.
Boys, they cannot evict these boys.
They can, however, put all of the contestants
in a haunted asylum and take pictures of them
while people chase them with chainsaws and knives and shit.
Quick diversion to just wag my finger
at the producers of ANTM.
Some of us plan our weeks around it,
so when you drop a recap special,
and I have set an hour of my Friday night aside
for your program, not cool.
And when you fucking tease the week before
at the end of the episode that the next week's episode
is gonna be a very, very special episode
where they tackle Adam's unsafe drinking,
and then you follow that up with a fucking recap.
I'm on ANTM recap, the only thing I can assume
is that one of the contestants they expected to die did not.
They budget for one to die every year,
and it did not come to fruition.
I mean, they did get that one guy out who left.
And I said, you know what, I said good riddance.
I think we all know what guy I'm talking about,
and his behavior was unacceptable.
I do not accept it.
Get the fuck out of here.
Oh wait, you're already gone,
because you're a fucking joker.
For $8 a month, you could be having conversations
just like this, but you don't have to pony up
that eight bucks right now.
No, we're gonna give you a two week free trial of Hulu Plus.
Go to HuluPlus.com slash my brother,
that's all one word, HuluPlus.com slash my brother
and get two weeks free of Hulu Plus, go.
Tucking myself out with advertising.
Can I just say one last thing on the subject though?
Yeah, can you make it snack related?
Just really quick, I thought that that dude's beard weave
was looking a lot better.
I'm not, that's not a joke.
It started to look a lot more natural.
I don't know what fucking witchcraft they used.
I too thought Denzel's beard weave
was starting to look better.
Two words, people, beard weave.
Two more words, free snacks.
We're gonna give you free snacks from Nature Box.
Those are delicious snacks that are wholesome.
Snacks that don't have a lot of weird stuff.
Powering has come and gone.
You've eaten your fun sized candy bars,
your Nerds, your Nerd ropes, your Nerd chains,
your Tootsie Roll Pops of all flavors.
Time to purify.
These snacks have no artificial flavors
or colors or sweeteners.
There's no trans fat.
There's no high for dose corn syrup.
They're wholesome.
You can feel good about giving them to your family
or to trick or treaters, loose.
Give them a handful.
Give them a handful of loose choco nom noms.
A handful of loose dark cocoa almonds
or loose mix sweet potato fries
or loose peanut butter nom noms
maybe slightly warmed from sitting
in the palm of your hand.
We got sweet and savory and spicy snacks.
We ran out of Halloween candy this year
because we completely under,
it's our first year Halloween in this new house
and we totally underestimated
how many trick or treats were gonna come.
We ran out of candy.
And so we started handing out these rice crackers
that we brought back from Japan.
Like enjoy kids, you're gonna have
a real multicultural experience.
You're welcome from the McElroy's.
So you can get a free box of these snacks
and really get in there and try them out.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother
and you'll get a free trial box of delicious snacks.
Stay full, stay strong.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother
to get a free trial of delicious snacks.
Here is a message for Cory from Julia,
Tim, Imo, Kate, Trevor, Robert, Elijah,
Lydia, Jason, Mari, Will, Katie, Gary,
Evan, Cole and Ev.
They may have run out of space
but I'm assuming there's another one.
Okay, here's the message for Cory.
Happy birthday, Cory.
Bazinga, you motherfuckers.
I think that's trademarked.
We're gonna go to prison.
We couldn't, Bazinga.
But June Joes, we couldn't afford
that adult teen baby costume you wanted.
So we got you the next best thing.
You're our favorite Cali boy
whose sexy swag will take him far.
We know you've gotta go fast
so we'll keep this short.
Grab yourself a boat drink
and give Buckaroo some of your fuzzy hugs.
Love ya, sad and grossest voice, Sugarloaf.
Oh, see, I thought it was gonna go more
like the direction of the dude from Men in Black.
I have a second message here
and this one's from Cory
and it's just from Buckaroo.
And Buckaroo says, that's right.
We love you so much.
We got you two messages from the brothers McElroy.
We got your back through thick and thin
through this entire commercial break, apparently.
From your woodworking to your cooking,
you've given us a lot.
So here's to you, m'lady, tip, tip, tip.
May the, I don't know what any of this means.
I'm just hanging in there.
May the rest of your year be filled
with primo goofs, dog kisses, and good times.
And don't forget, Shrek is love, Shrek is life.
All hail Shrek.
All hail Shrek.
Thank you, Shrek.
Oh man, that's fantastic.
What a lucky boy that Cory is.
Probably the luckiest.
Can I just say one thing?
I do wonder how Buckaroo got their own message
while Julia, Tim, Emil, Kate, Trevor, Robert, Elijah,
Lydia, Jason, Mari, Will, Katie, Gary, Evan, Cole, and Ev
had to go fucking splitsies like 14 ways
on the first one.
Yeah, pretty hard to figure that one out.
Unless Buckaroo is their hive mind name,
in which case that's pretty sexy.
We are Buckaroo.
We are all Buckaroo.
I am Buckaroo.
I'm gonna force Buckaroo into some sheep
and make him run off a cliff.
What's up?
My name is Jasper Redd, co-host of The Goose Down,
along with the lovely Kimberly Clark,
and we want to invite you into the comfort and groove
of our podcast that encompasses the arts and entertainment.
You can check us out at MaximalFun.org,
also available on iTunes.
See ya.
My brother is older than me by nine years,
and he has been my role model since I can remember,
as is typically the case with an older sibling.
He's a firefighter.
He was briefly a pro kayaker.
He's a carpenter.
I'm feeling inferior as I read this.
He saved a dog from drowning.
He basically matches all the criteria
for being a true American hero,
except he told me yesterday after talking on the phone
that he's recently started sitting down to pee.
His reasoning is it's more sanitary
and you get to relax for a few seconds.
Should I still look up to him,
although I can't help but picture him
sitting on the toilet to number one?
Will this new image I have of him pass?
Should I be concerned?
That's from Standing Strong in Columbus.
While in Japan,
I sat down for every number, for any number,
because them turlets do some really great shit.
You can get a soothing spray,
which I always felt a very silent judgment from my wife
every time that I exercised that option,
because you know no door is thick enough
to keep that sound out.
That's true.
That's a very specific noise.
It's a very specific noise.
There's a motor involved,
but there's also deodorizers.
There's all kinds of great stuff
that you can get down there.
It's a wonderful device.
And I gotta say, I kinda dug it, kinda liked it.
There's very little guesswork involved.
There's very little triangulation that you gotta do.
If anyone else was in a career
where they had to target something,
if you had cut your finger as a chef
as many times as I have been caught peeing on the floor,
you would have lost your privileges by this point.
I have almost certainly lost my right to stand up to pee.
I think I've abused that privilege
to a point that is beyond the pale.
I feel like it's a weird stigma to be like,
oh, you sit down?
It's like, yeah, why?
Why is that?
I have a question for our question asker.
How did that conversation come up?
Do you record a podcast?
Because that's the only reason
I talk about peeing with my brother.
Hey, how was your day?
It was pretty great.
I went grocery shopping.
Did you stand up or sit down when you peed today?
I'm pretty sure that the person didn't mean
to phrase it this way,
but he told me yesterday after talking on the phone.
I know they meant that they learned this
while talking on the phone,
but I like to imagine they mean literally
after talking on the phone,
the brother was like, oh, oh, oh, facts coming in.
Check the facts.
One more addendum.
I always sit down to have wet dreams.
That's not true.
Do you guys want Yahoo?
Yes.
This Yahoo was sent in by Jacob Blocker.
Thank you, Jacob Blocker.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Heartbroken Kid.
Aw, jeez.
Heartbroken Kid asks in the etiquette subcategory,
flushing food in the toilet?
So my boyfriend was raised to flush food down the toilet,
and of course I wasn't.
I told him.
Sounds like your parents are doing some A-B testing.
I told him I do not approve of flushing food
and I do not approve of that
and all the reasons why it is wrong and not safe,
but he continues to argue with me about it.
I told him if we move in together,
I do not want that going on
and says it's our place, I'm allowed to,
and I don't care.
What should I do?
I told him, Will, with all the petty stuff
I put up with you, you can't do that simple task.
Yes, I know, actually researching people do this,
but he is the first I met.
Gross as bad as what's already going on in the toilet.
That's debatable.
You don't know what I'm capable of in there.
Sometimes when we do these Yahoo Answers,
I upset myself because I don't just disregard it
immediately, I sit there and go, well, hold on.
Are we talking about such and such or such and such?
So I'm listening to this question saying,
are you talking about he finishes eating
and there's some leftovers on the plate
and rather than go to the kitchen,
he walks into the bathroom
and scrapes his plate in the toilet?
Or are you talking about like,
oh, he dropped some goldfish crackers on the ground
and rather than go to a trashcan,
he was next to the toilet and just threw them away?
I just Googled it as a thing, guys.
I'm reading a blog post now called
A Case for Not Throwing Food in the Toilet.
Why do we need a case?
Why do we have to get fucking litigious
about this thing?
It's against God's law.
So wait, Griffin, I hate to ask you
to sacrifice yourself like this,
but tell me more about what you found from Google.
Here's an argument for a case
for not flushing food in the toilet.
Flushing food creates clogs.
Yeah, dog, when you put your fucking heaps of spaghetti
in the toilet, it's not gonna work anymore
because it's not a garbage disposal, it's a toilet.
You also run a terrible risk of flushing food
down the toilet, walking out of the room,
it doesn't flush properly.
You come back in two hours later and think,
what the fuck did I do?
What in the whole fuck is stains full of dude fingers?
I have done that before with,
I'll empty out the last of a Coke or something
down into the toilet while I'm cleaning up,
and I won't flush it because that seems like a waste,
it's not pee-pee or anything,
and then I'll come back in an hour and think,
oh my God, what has happened to me?
Do you think that that's a gateway drug
to putting food in the toilet, Justin?
It might be the first step, so yes,
in terms of what a gateway drug is.
I also have to call out, on Friday I went to use
the bathroom and saw a giganto thing of hair
that had been pulled from the hairbrush
that my wife had tossed into the toilet
and not the trash can, which is right next to that option.
She had one thing that can definitely clog
if you put enough hair in it, and then a trash can,
and she went for the thing that you could definitely clog,
so I had to get into the pee water to fish the hair out
to put in the trash can,
because I can't afford a plumber right now, I got a baby.
My name's Dave Barry.
Yeah, Jesus Christ.
Thanks.
I've been Ray Romano, this has been my stand-up comedy
podcast mid-everbody loves, Raymond.
I guess I just don't understand,
unless you're eating in the bathroom,
why is this morgan, why is...
Nop, nop, nop, done, bloosh.
Is that what you're saying?
I couldn't possibly, I'm stuffed,
I couldn't possibly sploosh.
I can't understand why you sit there and go,
I know this is the best option, this is what I wanna do,
to the point where your girlfriend says like,
hey, when we move in together, don't do that anymore,
and he's like, don't try to change me.
I mean, what's the fucking, what is the fucking argument?
I pay rent here too, and if I wanna put my leftover steak
in the toilet, I will.
The craziest thing here is the pushback, really,
because I think we're all waiting to get busted
for whatever we're doing in the bathroom.
We're all assuming that we're doing it wrong anyway,
and if someone calls us on any specific thing,
we will instantly change.
If someone kicked in the door like,
no, you're supposed to wipe side to side,
I'd be like, fuck, 27 years I've been doing this wrong.
God damn.
I like that there's a part of this Yahoo Answers question
that's like, and with everything else I've put up with,
I ask for this one thing and get pushback.
What else is this guy doing
that this is the minor petty thing?
He's cheated on me 96 times.
He sold my dog for weed money.
That's cool.
I've made my peace with that.
He sold my dog for dog money?
He sold my weed for dog money
and did not make a clean profit.
Just stop putting Nabisco brand vanilla wafers
into the toilet, that's all I'm asking.
My girlfriend and I have been dating for about a year now.
Things are going great, but there's one issue
that people keep bringing up to me.
Only about three photos of myself
and my girlfriend together currently exist.
We just aren't big picture people
and I don't even have a decent photo capable,
decent photo capable camera or phone readily available.
Should we be taking more photographs?
I'm gonna assume they meant photo capable phone
as opposed to a photo capable camera
because I think that's pretty high on the list.
I also wanna say you could probably
have just a decent camera.
Is this a camera?
I'll get you, but anyway.
Is a decent camera or photo capable phone readily available?
Should we be taking more photographic evidence
of our relationship's continued existence
or am I getting worried over nothing?
Pictureless in Pennsylvania.
This is actually something I've been thinking about a lot
with like the baby I've been taking.
I don't know how many pictures
you're supposed to take of your baby.
I take a lot of pictures of my baby,
but a lot of times recently I've been thinking
about like stuff will show her as she gets older
and like I don't have any pictures for my honeymoon,
I don't think.
Like I don't think we took any pictures.
Here's the thing, it's also like Teresa and I,
until we got married, there were only in existence
like two printed out photos of us.
And I think what it is is we live together
and we've lived together for almost our entire relationship
and like we see each other every day
so it just never occurs to me like there's no photos of us
because we're like together.
But like my friends that like live all over the country,
then I sit there and go, ah, it's nice to look
on this picture of my brother so I don't see every day
or my friend Justin who I don't see every day,
my friend, you know.
Do you look at a picture of us every day and just like?
I have a picture of you two right by the front door
so that every time I leave the house, I think about you guys.
You just look and you think,
you just think your thoughts about us?
Yeah.
What picture is it, Jeff?
It's the you and Griffin, I think on like a subway
or something and some kind of train together.
And like you're leaning forward
and it's a very cute picture of both of you
and I look at it and I kiss it as I walk out.
And I see like. Where do you kiss it?
I kiss it square on the face.
Slow down.
Okay, both of you.
I will.
ASMR, ASMR, please.
I kiss both of you on the face and I take turns
as who's gonna be the first one each time I do it
and then when I come.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
You're welcome.
And then I come home and say,
I'm sorry I let you down again.
I'll get him next time, I'll get him next time.
Tomorrow for sure.
And when I say leave the house, I walk down to the corner
and just stand there for 30 seconds and walk back
so you guys will think I'm trying to do something out here.
Anybody wanna put me in a movie?
Tomorrow for sure.
There hasn't been a single movie filming on my block yet.
We love it.
But I'll get it.
I'll get it for you guys.
I'm not talking to you.
Griffin, do you know that I tried to get Travis.
I tried to get Travis to go to Utopia
so he could be on that show.
Oh, fuck, Travis, you would have been great.
You gotta.
You can visit.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You can visit Utopia and here's the thing about you.
Okay.
We can't, we can't, we keep teetering on the edge.
Quick, super quick.
Utopia is a reality TV show about people trying
to forge a new community together.
It's amazing.
But they let people visit, right?
And they film it because they're filming 24 hours a day.
This is a situation that is bizarre to me
because people have come in and inserted themselves
into the romantic lives of these people.
There's a gentleman who's a beekeeper
who just came to sell them some bees
and ended up on the show.
And this seems very treacherous to me in California
where people could drive it from LA
and if you are crazy enough
and if you do something noteworthy,
you will end up in the TV show.
That seems irresistible.
I don't understand why there aren't more people
just getting buck wild in that place.
Yeah, I imagine the waiting list has to be
pretty long at this point.
How many pictures, okay, but see,
the other side of this is what if you walked
into someone's house and they just had 30 pictures
of themselves and their partner
just as soon as you walked in the door
and they were all from different poses
and different outfits and they're like,
this is our documented love.
Well, nobody has that.
That's what I'm saying.
So how many pictures do you need?
I say that if you're in a long-term committed relationship,
you've been dating for about a year now,
you're fine because the next thing that happens,
I mean, really, not to freak you guys out,
is you get married and then they document
the fuck out of it and then you're good forever.
That's it, you super get that one.
Yeah.
Like you super definitely 100% get that one.
To the point where it is weird if you don't.
Like people will comment if you don't document
the shit out of your wedding.
So it's like, okay, great.
Now, Teresa and I went from having two pictures of us
to having like 200 pictures of us.
A billion.
And it's like, okay, we're good.
I actually keep a reserve of those
that you guys have not seen.
And every like five years or so,
I'll drop another 20 and we'll all remember,
we'll all talk about it.
Oh, it's so cold, but the food was so great.
It was the most beautiful wedding I went to that year.
Well, I mean, yeah.
There were other weddings that you ever saw were notable.
Sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure.
I think it's a tricky problem
because it's not something that you can do anything about.
Other people have to take the pictures of you.
You cannot, you can't.
We just got back from our honeymoon.
We took almost no pictures.
I mean, we didn't take pictures of ourselves at all.
We had to get other people to do it.
It was occasionally incredibly awkward
because once we climbed to the top of a mountain
and asked a gentleman we did not know to take the pictures.
And then he stood there for a while
while we waited for the couple who was taking pictures
at the sightseeing point
that we wanted to get our picture taken at.
And eventually after about 30 seconds or so,
the man said, my tour group is gone.
That was a pretty cool time.
It's like, that's what I'm talking about.
That is the kind of social issue I run into
whenever I try to get people to take pictures of us.
Yeah, I think you're good.
I don't think this is the thing you want to force
or try to make happen.
Or else you might as well just like hire a photographer
and say like, hey, would you do like a session with us
and take photographs?
Could you have an open marriage
and the third person is a photographer?
There you go.
There you go.
I really liked our wedding photographers.
Did you really, really like them?
I've seen them at a couple other weddings.
Like open marriage like them?
I've seen them at a couple other weddings
and they remembered us.
So I'm just gonna put that out there.
Okay, just play it cool.
Don't rush it.
Yeah, I hope they're not listeners.
Statistically speaking, they're probably not.
On November 30th, I'm headed down to Cozumel, Mexico
to attempt my first Ironman triathlon.
That's 2.4 miles swimming, 112 miles cycling.
Oh, so this person's full of shit.
And 26.
Nobody's ever done this.
That's something I've never been able to do.
I've been training hard, but I'm still nervous.
It'll be grueling, no shit.
The race will take 12 to 16 hours to complete.
What are you doing?
Do you have any motivational phrases or race tips
I can use to get through the day?
Not so far.
Every edge I could get.
That's Chris from Arlington, Virginia.
Oh, geez.
Carve it.
Carve that racist butt up.
Okay, you have to do one of the three of these.
Doing all three is unthinkable.
You have to do one of the three of these.
Which would you guys pick?
You know, I would say not swimming.
No, fuck no.
Because that seems like a thing
that if you get exhausted in the middle, you die.
You die, you would die in it.
I would definitely die at the running too.
I think the cycling, I would get very sick.
How much of it is downhill?
I don't know, but it's-
112 miles downhill, I think I could do it.
That's the one thing about 112 miles in your cycle,
you can take some breaks for coasties in there.
You can get some coasties to try to like reacclimate.
And you are sitting.
So that's nice.
It's also just occurred to me that I really hope
that this whole triathlon is like a circle
or else when you finish, it's 16 hours later
and you're like a full three hours drive away
from where you started.
And you're like,
oh, how do you get back?
Maybe the best we can provide in terms of motivation
is just telling you that it's impossible.
And so with every step you take,
know that you're defying both us
and the laws of nature and physics.
So this is your friends and my brother and my brother
me telling you it cannot be done.
Can't be done.
No one, you're gonna, no one's crossing that finish line.
No one man has ever finished an Ironman challenge before.
You know what's funny about that?
It would be way harder to do if you were Ironman.
Like really hard, especially the swim.
I don't think you make it 30 seconds in the swimming
if you're Ironman.
You would have to have a super strong bicycle
to hold up the weight of the suit.
And then you're gonna run.
And like, you're not allowed to use your blasters.
Like you have to run.
No thrusters.
I saw that note.
Yeah.
Running, you're gonna leave a bunch of holes in the ground
cause your suits are really heavy.
Shouldn't this be called the Iron Person Triathlon?
It absolutely should be called the Iron Person Triathlon.
Or it should be called
the Iron Imaginary Person Triathlon.
Cause nobody can do that 12 to 16 hours.
I had a 10 hour flight that I sat through.
I took two naps and I watched the Amazing Spider-Man 2.
It sucked dick.
And when I got off the plane, I was exhausted.
It can't be done.
How much money would you guys pay
to participate in a triathlon?
Now hear me out.
All the triathlon is, is it's on an undisclosed location
that only the quote participants are told about.
You get to hang out in like a bunker for 12 hours.
Then they spritz you down with water
and you get to come out like real sweaty
and be like, I did it.
You do a half mile of cycling.
You do 120 feet of the watermelon crawl.
And then they will give you a certificate that says like,
I definitely did this.
And then you get a bus ride back.
That's the third leg.
And everybody gets a participation ribbon
and you get like a photoshopped picture
of you like running through like the ticker tape at the end.
No, you won't.
It's photoshopped because you can't even run like four feet.
It's gonna be your head on the body.
You actually just lay down on a bed
and raise your arms above you and look exhausted.
And then they remove the bed and stand you up.
And stand you up.
They photoshop you next to Usain Bolt.
He's got his arm around you.
This guy can run.
There's a speech bubble in the photoshop.
This guy's a running fiend.
Everything I know about running, I learned from Steve.
The one condition I would need
if I was gonna do an Iron Man triathlon
or an Iron Person triathlon, if you like,
is that at the end,
I would need there to be complimentary pizza and pop.
If I got like halfway through
and I knew that waiting for it at the end
was complimentary pizza and my choice of soft drink,
I think I would be able to push through to the end.
I'm gonna sweeten the deal and motivate.
Here's the motivation for our listener.
At the end of the race,
there's complimentary pizza and pop,
but there's not enough for everybody.
And I heard they were running out.
And you're racing against a bunch of hunky boys.
Here is my no bullshit offer to you,
Chris from Orleans in Virginia.
If you complete the Iron Man triathlon
and you send us a picture of you completing it
along with your mailing address.
No Usain Bolt Photoshop shitty bullshit.
No bullshit.
If you finish this race,
I will send you a complimentary,
through delivery, complimentary pizza
and two liter of your choice of soft drink.
I am guaranteeing you free pizza and pop
from my own wallet delivered to your door
if you complete the triathlon,
but believe me, you'll have earned it.
Free pizza and pop.
There's the motivation.
Go get it.
And let's push it even further.
We will extend this offer to the first person
who sends us this thing.
And it has to be, I need you to have a sign,
like holding a sign.
It's like M-B-M-B-A-M and date it.
Cause I don't want some old Iron Man triathlon photo.
I want a new one.
The first person to complete an Iron Man triathlon
and send a picture with something denoting it as for us,
I will send you complimentary pizza.
And don't do your own Iron Man triathlon.
It has to be an official event.
Don't just like, while you're listening to this episode,
be like, I gotta go and start swimming.
Don't just start swimming.
You need to be in water.
At the end, you will be lost.
I can guarantee you that.
All right, so that's gonna do it for us here
on my brother and my brother and me.
We hope you had a good time.
Got some fun news for you.
If you didn't hear in the last episode
or on our various social media channels,
we are doing a live show in Huntington, West Virginia,
our hometown, Huntington City Hall, December 21st
at 7 p.m. with Sawbones,
the medical history podcast I do with my wife, Sydney.
We are gonna do a live recording
called My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
Home for the Candle Nights, A Holiday Spectacular.
You can get tickets to that.
Yeah, they're super cheap, 15 buck ticket,
and you can get them at mbmbamcandlenights.brownpapertickets.com.
We've had some people ask,
how far is reasonable to travel in from?
And I'm not here to answer that for you.
You gotta look in your own heart.
But I know that there are people flying in for it.
There are people driving in and out of Chicago.
I know, we have sold tickets from as far away as Chicago.
Lindsey and Davin that work at Max Fun Friends,
they have bought tickets,
and they live here in California with me.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, and so I will say it's gonna be a great show.
It's gonna be super fun.
We're really excited to do it.
So I think anybody who comes is gonna have a great time.
We're gonna find some things to do in Huntington
either before or after, or maybe both.
There's a lot of places that are closer
than you would think.
Lexington is two hours away.
If you're in Morgantown, it's about three hours.
Pittsburgh is about four.
I think people in Morgantown, West Virginia
know how far away they are from Huntington.
Fair enough.
Louisville's three hours.
Nashville's like five, I think.
We have some people coming in from Nashville.
Tickets are selling faster than we expected.
We're not sold out yet,
so that you still have a chance to get them,
but do not wait.
Make sure you get them,
especially if you're planning to travel in
and you're making those travel plans now.
Go ahead and get your tickets before they sell out.
And send any questions.
If you need some travel recommendations,
I put some up on my blog, Justin McElroy,
what is it, JustinMcElroy.wordpress.net,
I think, or wordpress.com,
where I recommended some things to do
in Huntington while you're here.
There's also an event page on Facebook
where I've posted that link,
and you should go say that you're gonna come to the show,
and you can see that and make plans,
meet up with people.
There's a lot to do here.
There's a lot of fun stuff going on,
so I think it's gonna be a fun weekend.
We're probably gonna plan some other stuff around that event.
If you wanna send anything to the West Coast HQ,
it's P.O. Box 34-1769,
Los Angeles, California 90034.
If you wanna send something to me,
it's P.O. Box 54, Huntington, West Virginia 2706.
We got one from Jason,
and he sent us his band's album.
The name of the album is Endless Dicks.
I got a repurposed birthday card from Mary.
There we go.
And we got, I got some games from,
I'm gonna look that up while Justin talks
about something else.
Okay, I will talk to us about our Facebook group.
It's at, just search for My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
It's there, you'll find it.
It's not hard, but it's a booming community
full of people that love you.
Also, wanna say a big thanks to Nature Box.
You can get great tasting wholesome snacks.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
Sign up to get your own free sampler box of those snacks.
I wanna thank John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song Into Departure
off of the album Putting the Days to Bed.
It's really, it's fantastic tunes, man.
We got, this is what I got.
I got a Shakespeare role-playing game
and a slash fiction role-playing game
from Games by Playdate.
So at Games by Playdate sent us those,
and they look really cool, and I can't wait to play them.
They also made the Sawbones game, they sent you one of those.
Ooh, really?
Yeah, the Sawbones card game, it's fun.
Trav, we got a YouTube channel.
It's YouTube.com slash NBNBAM.
We have a new cartoon up there about scarecrows
that you should go watch, and Trav's making bits
for you to go, if you could subscribe to that,
and then just like send the link around to your friends.
And if you are Adult Swim and you wanna make our cartoon
into a TV show, just go ahead and do that,
and just send us a check or whatever.
Also, I wanna say I'm sorry that housekeeping
is so long these days, but we just got a lot of irons
in the fire, because we love you,
and we wanna keep doing stuff for you and with you
and just having a great time, so sorry about that.
If you wanna skip it, it won't hurt my feelings,
but you shouldn't, because you never know
what you might miss, like new merch at maxfunstore.com.
That's just more housekeeping.
That's just more out of the same.
You might miss more housekeeping.
What's our featured Max Fun Show of the Week?
I wanna feature Song Exploder, it's so, so, so good.
It's Rishke Sherway, who busts out the different parts
of songs with the bands who did them,
did an episode with Onomataguchi on the song Prom Night,
which is fucking fantastic, and Onomataguchi talked about
this group called Capsule that Rachel and I got really into
while we were in Japan.
Kinda wanna make it, I love the long winter theme song
we have now, but these J-pop tunes are so fucking fresh.
So check that out.
I may do my own podcast that has Capsule as a theme song,
and I talk about Vore all day.
And I think that there's a very specific audience
that would get very into that.
So anyway, yeah, go listen to Song Exploder, it's great.
They talk about music parts in Vore.
Excellent, that's good deal for us.
I think we're probably fucking done.
Yep, this following IHU was sent in by Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew, it's by Yahoo Answers user J Rock,
who asks, how can people laugh when they see someone
with a wallet chain, but they cry when they lose
their wallet?
Yeah.
Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother,
May You Kiss Your Dad, Square on the Lips.
Hey, good girls, do you wanna just say, may I water?
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture, artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
Hi, I'm Julie Sabatier, host of Destination DIY.
It's a show about people taking matters
into their own hands, and we're really excited
to be bringing it to Maximum Fun.
You know, having that experience of I can do that
makes me feel like I can almost do anything.
Here at Destination DIY, we like to push
the do-it-yourself envelope beyond crafts
and home improvement.
So tune in to hear the stories of makers, builders,
inventors, and all kinds of creative people.
You can essentially build a do-it-yourself space program
today, and now luckily I'm a part of that.
Check out Destination DIY at Maximumfun.org,
or wherever you like to listen to podcasts.
