The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody. Welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. Let me check my show notes right here. Yes,
it says I'm your middle-aged brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin. I don't need show notes. I got my name from my mommy and daddy at birth,
and that's the one I've stuck with using, so I don't need show notes like Travis did.
Justin, did you have an intro? You kind of just barreled into this.
Yeah, we had barely finished syncing up our count, and you were just like,
I don't know. What's that mean? Where are we? What's happening? Set the scene.
I'm looking at the movie release calendar, and I'm just pretty excited about all the upcoming
releases we got coming to movie theaters. I mean, is this a watch watch? Are we watching?
It's watching for the future watches. All right. We're watching The Watchman.
What's the slate look like ahead of us? I want to talk about the upcoming slate
in the context of this. Cool.
Will people risk getting COVID-19 to go see it? First up, War with Grandpa.
Tell me about War with Grandpa. Wait, can I guess? I'm just going to guess.
Is Johnny Knoxville in it? No. No, you're thinking of Bad Grandpa.
This is not a sequel. Although, if I'm going to go to war with a grandpa,
it's going to be a bad one. Yeah, right? I'd feel terrible going
to war with a nice grandpa. Is this in the Focker's verse?
Oh, good question. Robert De Niro is Ed.
He did one with that Zac Efron, right? Where he was a bad grandpa.
Yes, but in this one, he's a bad grandpa who's going to war with, let's see,
the tagline for this one is old school versus new cool.
And there's a boy. Say it again.
Old school versus new cool. Oh, fuck yeah.
Hey, I'm sorry. I'm pretty sure, I realize they're different movies in reality,
but I'm pretty sure that could also have been the tagline
for the Robert De Niro Zac Efron movie. Or Grumpy Old Men, or Grumpier Old Men,
or Road Dogs. Or Meet the Fockers.
Was Focker especially cool? You could use it for Fockers.
You could use it for Camp Nowhere. You could use it.
Here's the thing, because I'm so glad this tagline's out there,
enticing people with this fucking Pied Piper siren song
into these COVID filled theaters, that they finally popularized the phrase
new cool. I'm saying that on the regular.
I'm always saying like, oh, did you check out this guy on Instagram,
his board shorts? That's the new cool, baby.
What happened to Robert De Niro? Do you think that he went from like,
you know, in Oscar winning movies, and I assume he has won an Oscar,
I don't know for sure, to then just like, from now on,
I'm going to play the grandpa. I'm just going to play,
but not even the grandpa in Oscar contender movies,
but I'm going to play him in like college comedies,
where maybe there's like a spring break scene, or the whole movie spring break.
That's me. That's Robert De Niro now.
None of what you're saying makes any difference whatsoever,
because I'm going to talk about Oaks Fegley.
What? Oaks Fegley,
I'm not even sure what that is. Oaks Fegley.
Is that the name of a movie or a person or a place?
Oaks Fegley is going to war with grandpa.
Wait, it's a person?
You may remember him from some previous rules.
Like Boy, Paul, Young Brian, Pete, Ben.
I love Young Brian.
Young Brian's funny.
I'm literally just reading, this is his credits.
You ready? This is just names.
Boy, Michael, Paul, Young Judd, Young Elias Thompson,
Young Brian, Pete, Ben, Boy, Little Josh,
Young Theo, Decker, Peter, Jeffrey, Tommy Callahan,
war with grandpa.
He's playing Peter in Pete's Dragon and played Pete,
so I don't know if we're continuing the Peter-verse.
Maybe this is the verse that we're taking part in.
Peter-verse, Focker-verse, crossover film.
Do you guys see that Pete's Dragon movie, by the way?
No.
First 30 seconds, total party kill.
They just like, aside from Pete, Pete lives,
but they show you the car accident
that takes away his parents.
Okay, that's, it's a super cool Batman-esque move
that shows you how Pete became the Dark Knight.
That's unfortunate,
but Pete's getting his revenge in this one
because he's going to war with grandpa.
Oh no, my parents died in a car accident.
Now it's time to kill my grandpa.
His parents are very much alive.
Oh, it says a prequel.
The second tagline of this one, it says
old school versus new cool.
Oh, fuck, baby, I got chills again, man.
The war with grandpa, there's another-
Needed two taglines.
There's another tagline.
Oh, I thought you were saying that was the second tagline too,
as if to say like, did you hear that the first time?
How good is this?
The second tagline is a comedy for the whole family.
Huh.
Fucking good, yeah.
Fucking good.
And then the third tagline by Justin McElroy is
fucking everybody's slumming it in this one
because you've got Uma Thurman.
Oh boy.
Married to Rob Riggle.
Oh boy.
As the parents of Peter,
who have given away Peter's room to Robert De Niro,
the salty Ed.
He's going to war.
He's going to war with this kid.
Man, for a second, I was kind of hoping that it was literal.
It's starting to shape up like a Home Alone kind of war,
where probably pranks and such.
But I wanted it to be like maybe Robert De Niro's character
was the dictator of one country and a young boy
ascended to the throne of another country
and he had to go to war with his own grandfather
and it was a very touching Oscar-baped piece.
Well, Dennis the Menace sort of-
There's a super precedent established by Dennis the Menace
who did perpetrate war crimes on poor old Walter Matthau,
or at least an actor who looked a lot like Walter Matthau.
No, it was Walter Matthau.
And sometimes I think about that scene
where he puts chiclets in as his fake front teeth.
Yeah, that was briefly-
I used to get really sad.
That was briefly before he was elected.
That's the new cool.
That's the new cool.
That's the super president.
Walter Matthau was recently elected
our nation's first super president.
He is in charge of the other president and he is dead.
Cheech Marin's in this one.
Oh boy.
Jane Seymour, Christopher Walken.
Wow, they're not into making any other movies, huh?
Is this the only movie they were making?
I guess you get a call and you're like,
I guess I'll be in the war with grandpa.
Nice, dude.
That's the script.
Dude, that was fucking-
My agent, is there any other movie?
What is this?
I could be in Cyborg.
Oh, that was Jane Seymour, sorry.
That sounds like, that was Jane Seymour.
That sounds like a tape recorder
that's being thrown down a flight of stairs.
I am happy to take a roll.
That was my impression of Torgue.
I'm going to war with grandpa.
So my problem-
2,725 IMDB users have rated this film already.
They are sitting at 5.3 in just their excitement
or I guess pleasure that they've already derived
from the promotional materials surrounding the war
with grandpa.
Is that fair to say?
Yeah, I think, man, here's the thing,
is that you've got De Niro, you've got Walken.
This movie sounds like it's going to have
a lot of sort of mature themes.
These two fellows are always doing films
with mature themes.
So I'd love to take my family to this film,
but I have no evidence to point me towards the conclusion
that this film would be satisfactory for me
to watch with my whole family.
Yeah, I'm with Griffin on this one.
It kind of seems like this might be fun
for some of my family, like maybe the older kids
or they're downplaying it
and it's just good for the younger kids.
What's amazing is I can actually break these ratings,
IMDB ratings down by demographic.
So if we zoom in, if we enhance here,
kids under 18 are given this one a 6.3.
Adults older than 45 are given it a 5.2.
So the kids are saying, yes, I would like to go to war
with grandpa and the grandparents are saying,
actually, I would prefer that we not go to war.
Well, they know, they know.
Now, if I'm not mistaken, Justin, this is out of 10.
So saying that 6.3 is I would like to go
is awful generous.
It's a sort of cautious, in theory,
I would like to go to war with grandpa.
It's as if to say, I'm afraid of what the other options
might be.
If this is the best one, then yes.
But if there's something better, I would like to do that.
This is the episode.
Let's really get into the war with grandpa.
It's called the war with grandpa,
which seems to intimate a back and forth,
a firing of, just looking at the trailer here,
prank salvos that seem to escalate fairly quickly.
Here's Robert De Niro putting foam sealant on his face
instead of shaving cream.
That would tear the man's flesh.
That would rend the grandpa's flesh.
That's an emergency room.
That's an emergency room, for sure, for sure.
Apparently, he sneaks a very big poisonous snake
into his bed while he's sleeping.
So now that's attempted murder.
This film, it would be pretty fucking wild
and also not suitable for me to bring my whole family to
if the grandpa reciprocates even once.
This is a war on grandpa.
Grandpa is not going to pull out an aluminum baseball bat
like now, my fucking turn.
It's not gonna do it.
He's just gonna take his licks, I guess.
Now, here's the thing, though, Griffin.
I would give an Oscar to a movie in which a child
mercilessly pranks, and I'd say prank,
with quotes around it, an old man,
and those pranks include poisonous snakes and such.
And the old man is just like,
please, I just came for a visit because I love my family.
I just wanted to spend time with my grandkid
and get to know you.
Why are you doing this?
Maybe the title is actually not.
Maybe the prank war is like the first five minutes
and then seven minutes in, Oaks Vaguely gets drafted
into the war with the robots.
And he has to go to war with his grandpa.
They're both conscripted into the battle against AI
and he has to go to war with his grandpa also.
Okay, here's my fanfic for the movie.
Okay, the prank war,
it's the first five minutes of the movie.
And then grandpa says,
this isn't the first war I've been in.
And Oaks Vaguely says, what do you mean grandpa?
And so then grandpa starts telling him about the great war
that he fought in and Oaks Vaguely is there with him.
We could fill that in with whatever war is like,
we'll focus group that one.
It's timeless.
When we remake this movie.
Yeah, and so then Oaks Vaguely is there with his grandfather
as the grandfather is telling him the story
and you see young grandpa,
which is what we'll call the character
and like his time in probably France.
I mean, I just assuming France.
When he's young grandpa, can we just call him dad?
Yes, and he's drinking a lot of absinthe
and then basically it just becomes like Moulin Rouge.
And that it's fun for the whole family.
That's where we get the family fun aspect.
Right.
I do see a clip in this trailer
between the knocking him off a roof
while he's dressed as Santa Claus
and putting a poisonous snake in his bed
where the grandpa and this grandson
give a hug to each other.
And I'm not sure where in the sequence of events
that's gonna fit in,
but it's fun for the family is here
and it's new cool.
Well, you have to imagine the movie ends
with them reconciling, right?
Or does it end with them like,
I still fucking hate your guts.
I don't know, man.
This movie was finished and ready to be released
February 23rd, 2018.
Ooh, it had the mature in the bottle.
Ooh, we gotta let this one age a little.
Ooh, this one's a barrel-aged comedy.
Get that oaky finish.
It's got peaty notes.
Oh wait, it does.
It has Pete's dragon notes.
I wish I could be there with Bob, Bobby,
when he opens the newspaper
and sees that big one sheet in variety
and go see The War with Grandpa
and he has to sit there and stare at it
for five solid minutes.
Wait, didn't I already put this movie out?
And then he'll just quietly say to himself,
there's no fucking way I did this movie.
This does not seem right.
Did they let me make three of these?
How many of these movies I make?
I told them that hologram Robert De Niro
was to be used only in case of national emergency,
not for films like The War with Grandpa.
Oh no, I'm seeing here on IMDb in the trivia
that this movie is made all, well,
with deleted scenes from Cool Grandpa.
Where, yeah, the Oaks Fegley was just reacting
to footage that they already had.
Right.
Okay.
Yeah, yep, yep, yeah.
Oh, and a little bit, it says here,
just a little bit of Baby Fockers.
Just a touch.
A drizzling of Baby Fockers, yeah.
Yeah, he was in there just sort of
Sky Captain in the World of Tomorrow-ing,
just kind of pranking a tennis ball.
But they put in De Niro using Adobe After Effects.
Yeah.
Anybody could do that.
My kid could do that.
And they had me do the ADR.
They had Travis do the ADR.
Travis, give me some, Travis, say like,
you just threw, say like-
Hey, hey, hey, is this a snake in my bed?
Wait, there's a fucking,
there's a fucking snake in my fucking bed?
You little fucking piece of shit trying to kill me?
Yeah, it says that in the script at least on GitHub.
And can you read that one line that's like,
you're gonna throw a beehive at my penis?
Can you say that line?
Yeah, you got it, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're gonna throw a fucking beehive at my penis?
So the bees sting my balls?
Do it PG-13.
I love, Travis, I love the sting in the ball stuff.
It's so funny.
Okay, yeah, I'll work on it.
Like this film is for the whole family.
So we cannot actually show balls.
I'll allude to it, okay?
We wanna paint the image.
So it's like a Pixar thing where like,
you can say a dirty thing and then the parents will get it
and think about like sexy stuff.
Got it, got it, got it.
Okay, let me try again.
Try again, but don't curse on it.
You're gonna throw a fudgin' beehive at my fudgin' genitals?
So that they sting my old man testicles?
No, that's a little too clinical.
I just really want you to exercise.
Okay, let me try again, can I try again?
Just don't say fucking and don't say fudgin'.
Let's, because this is gonna, this is real now.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
What, you're going to throw that GD, is that okay?
I just don't-
Okay, yeah, I got it, I got it, I got it.
You know what, go back to saying fucking and we'll fix it.
Okay.
What are you, fucking asshole?
Is that better?
No, okay, hold on.
Hold on, but the line there that you gave,
and that was an inspired read,
is what are you, fucking asshole?
And it's like-
What are you?
Okay, I left that out of it.
It's incoherent, but at this point,
his balls have been so stung so terribly by these hornets.
Ah, these fucking bees are stinging my fucking old balls.
And I'm here trying to flirt with this lady at this pool party,
and you threw these fucking bees at me,
and I'm going into anaphylactic shock.
I can't breathe, and you took my EpiPen,
and you smoked it like a vape,
and now I'm dying because of my allergic reaction
to these fucking bees stinging my fucking balls.
Guys, the reviews are in on this fucking movie.
The war with grandpa, everyone is talking about it.
Somehow it has over 70 ratings on Google.
Just to give you some of the highlights,
here's a four-star review from Anthony.
This is out of five, I should mention,
so you're gonna like it a little bit more.
One of the funnier movies I watch these days,
reminiscent of the epic Home Alone series,
I thoroughly enjoyed the gentle comedy,
which I bet is fucking right on the money.
Whoa, we've already established
there's a scene with a snake in the bed.
I thoroughly enjoyed the gentle comedy
provoked by the war between a grandpa
and sixth-grader grandson.
There's enmity without malice and revenge without vengeance.
I don't know why he became fucking William Faulkner,
halfway through this review, but here we are.
Lovely little family movie.
If anyone ever referred to our jokes
and the things that we do on these shows
as gentle comedy, I feel like that would be
a pretty huge letdown for me.
I feel like, and I'm not saying we're, you know.
Edgy.
We're edgy.
I don't think that that's true,
although we did do an extended bit
about throwing a beehive at Robert De Niro's
reproductive organs.
Genitals.
I think we're just sort of normal comedy.
I don't know what gentle comedy entails.
He misspelled genital.
Does that mean that it's just not funny?
And it's like, is that what gentle comedy is?
It's a thinker.
It's funny, because Brad Barrage says,
this movie was hilarious, loved it throughout,
funny all the way, a total time killer.
Hold on there.
A great movie to watch with family
and have a great time together.
This movie will make you laugh a lot.
A total family entertainer.
Cool.
Now, a TFE, a total family entertainer.
Always looking for those.
Now, here's what I will say.
If someone was describing something I had made
and they were like, oh, so funny, so wonderful,
really killed some time,
I think that that last one would take away
from the first two.
I'm just like, I liked the way that when I sat down
to watch it, it was one time.
And when I was finished watching it,
it was a later time.
And I enjoyed that.
I enjoyed how time continued its linear flow.
Here's one, a five star review.
You hardly get to watch movies like that these days.
Well, loved it.
I had all the favorite casts there.
Where are they watching this movie?
Is it out?
Can I watch it?
I don't think so.
How come they get to watch it?
Here's one, it's three stars out of five.
This is kind of the other side of the coin,
which we've been very positive about
War with Grandpa to this point.
I don't want to hear any bad shit about War with Grandpa.
Movie for kids only.
Or maybe a family.
Maybe a family of kids.
Like a Camp Nowhere thing.
You know, like the Herdman's from worst Christmas
present ever, that kind of deal.
You get it.
I like it.
Some good laughs and typical comedy performance.
And damn, Robert De Niro is very old.
Does this say that?
Don't be ageist to Robert De Niro.
Robert De Niro is very old, but still kicking.
Still kicking ass?
Or still like...
There's that prolonged scene I'm watching on the trailer now
where Robert De Niro just kicks that kid a lot.
That's probably what he's referring to.
Here's one, five star review.
Five out of five stars.
Greatest movie ever.
It's actually a pretty good movie.
Love the scenes between Grandpa and his grandchildren,
which I would assume for what I've gathered
has got to be the majority of the scenes, right?
They were very sparing with the interactions
betwixt Grandpa and grandson.
They just sprinkled it in.
This is just a total family entertainer.
Just a total family entertainer.
Angie says, I love this movie.
Also, the characters are really pretty.
Huh?
All right, all right, all right.
But not the actors, huh?
The characters.
Like their hearts?
Maybe they have an inner beauty.
I think that's maybe what we're talking about.
You can see the twinkle in Oak Svegli's eye.
Is that a first name or first and last, by the way?
It's a symbol.
I just want to go down the quick hit
of all these other five-star reviews.
Awesome movie after so long, especially in COVID.
I like that one because it's like, listen,
if the COVID shit hadn't happened,
I probably would not be enjoying this flick.
But right now, it's about all I can sew it.
So yes, good on that front.
Yes, good, gentle.
It's like in the scene where it's just like,
I've been crawling through the desert forever
and I find like a stagnant pond and I'm so excited.
You know what I mean?
I wouldn't drink that day to day.
It's not just me crawling through the desert, Travis.
It's my whole fucking gosh dang family.
Yeah.
And then we find not one Oasis.
Griffin's family of kids.
Griffin's Fagan style family of kids.
His little town style of kids.
It is many Oasis.
A total family entertainer, Travis.
Like bring into noise, bring into funk.
A total entertainment package like Blue Man Group, baby.
And no one's upset by Blue Man Group, right?
I can't.
I mean, I don't know.
Okay.
We will find out.
Hey, do you guys think Blue Man Group has done a zoom yet?
Do you think they're doing private zooms?
Probably just with each other.
Excellent movie.
Good, good, love it.
That's like they got asked by Google
as they were trying to get to work on time.
Like Google's like, hey, real quick, real quick.
What'd you think?
All right, yeah, it was good.
This is a good movie.
Yeah, yeah.
James Hare says, books butthole.
Don't know what that means.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
One more time?
Books butthole.
Wait, like this movie is a books butthole or?
Let's explore that.
Or maybe the book that, or with grandpa's based on.
Grandpa's War.
The last review here, five stars from three days ago.
And this is, I, this is actually, it seems to sum it up.
Good, but could be more, all caps, fun.
Good, but could be more fun.
I don't think it looks like it could be any more fun.
Do you think grandpa dies in this movie?
Yes.
No, absolutely.
Okay, see, I don't actually think so.
Oh, interesting.
No, I think it's like, I think it's like, I think this whole
movie might just be a ploy to get people to be on better
terms with their grandparents.
And I think it's, I think it's that this boy just completely,
just, just savages this, this older gentleman.
And then not because of a prank, I'm not saying that the boy
like pushes him off a ladder as he stresses Santa Claus and he
falls, although he does do that.
Or like he puts a poisonous snake in his bed and the snake
bites him and he dies from that.
Although he does do that also, unrelated thing.
And then the boy's like, man, I should have been cooler to him.
Here's what I think happens.
Yeah, sure.
All that prank stuff, everything we see in the trailer,
that's the first five minutes.
And then the grandfather gets bit by a snake and dies.
And the boy is so sad that he goes to heaven to fight the
angels to save, to bring back his grandfather's soul, much
like, and it's been a while since I've seen it, but what I'm
pretty sure happens in what dreams may come.
It's what happens in what dreams may come is what happens
in Dante's Inferno.
It's what happens in the Poisonwood Bible.
This movie is a movie.
It's a total family entertainer.
It's also a total literary omnibus.
Yeah.
The boy goes to war with God to bring back his grandfather's
soul and it's fun for the whole family.
Teams up with fucking Constantine.
Yeah, baby.
Fuck yes.
Fuck yes.
Oh God, yes.
Oh, and maybe I like, maybe there's a fallen angel trying
to get his wings back.
It's a whole thing.
Oh fuck, I'm excited for this movie, you guys.
Guys, speaking of this movie, I don't want to like diminish
because I think that things are often made more beautiful by
their imperfections, but I did want to jump into some goof.
Okay.
Oh man.
The internet, you know.
Yeah.
Sherlock's are already out at this one.
Pick, pick, pick, pick, pick, pick, pick.
Nitpick, pick, pick, pick.
And I think, but you know what?
You know what I like about these goofs though?
What, Justin?
Let's give me an early look at the war with grandpa because
I'm getting a sneak peek into some of the scenes.
Cool.
Before me, a common American is able to watch and enjoy this.
Oh, did they release this in like France?
Perhaps.
I mean, there's all these reviews and goofs.
Let's see, we got a couple of character errors.
Ed is told at Jerry's friend's funeral that he died in his
sleep while skydiving.
Well, this is a funny joke.
In real life, all parachutes for sport jumping are equipped
with an automatic activation device designed to activate
the parachute to open if the user becomes unconscious or is
otherwise unable to deploy the parachute when getting too
close to the ground.
Who wrote this?
What stupid fucking idiot wrote this movie?
Yeah.
Can I, hey, can I point out a goof in that goof?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Fucking goof.
If he died in his sleep, he's dead before he hits the ground.
It doesn't matter if the parachute goes off or not,
you goof.
Yeah, if he explodes into old jelly, then it's like-
I'm saying he's dead before he hits the ground.
Yeah.
I would love to know how they did the analytics on that one.
But yes, Travis, that's an excellent point.
Can I say this?
Can I say this, though?
It is fucking funny.
Right?
It's funny.
He died in his sleep while skydiving.
Okay, this next one's good.
Ed tells his, what is this fucking movie?
Ed tells his granddaughter that, quote, pretty much every
foundation I dug, I found a marble or two.
And, quote, if you count all those marbles in the glass jar,
you'll know how many houses I built.
Pretty much implies he did not find a marble at the start of
every house.
And for the others, he found one or two, which means he found
one, two, or more.
Circumstances which would not give even a rough count of the
number of houses he built, let alone an accurate one.
I think the jury will find I don't want to pick holes in
Mr. De Niro's film, but what the fuck?
Why would there be marbles just...
So this film opens with a different grandpa's funeral.
So there's got to be a grandchild who goes-
Who's won his war.
Who's won his war, or at the very least experienced it, who
goes to Pete's Dragon and he's like, don't you don't want to
I'm telling you, I'm going to live with this weight, this
guilt for the rest of my fucking days on this earth.
Don't do it, Pete's Dragon.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, but he does it anyway.
This movie is a backdoor sequel to Problem Childs.
Yeah?
Okay.
That kid is like, I murdered my grandpa and it's great.
I get all the like sweets and treats I want.
Yeah, also inspired by the Poisonwood Bible.
Are you sure?
Got a couple of real quick plot holes.
I'm skipping continuity.
Okay.
Ed demonstrates his ignorance of simple electronic devices,
such as the self-checkout, an iPad, and a drone.
If I can take a second just to kind of keep my sides from
splitting, I just got to say that fucking sounds funny.
Yet he somehow manages to log on to his grandson's presumably
password protected computer, find the game his grandson has
been playing, enter it, locate, and subsequently destroy the
castle he has been building for three years.
Oh, my God.
I got to see this flick.
That sounds great.
I know, right?
I got to see the seat.
I just want one time in my life to see the old raging bull
get in there and tear down some kid's Minecraft castle.
That's where he's at now.
Am I talking to you?
Not while I'm gaming.
Hey, can I eat all your redstone?
I figured out a way to eat all your redstone.
I ate it all.
No more switches for you.
I made your fortnight guy do the forbidden dances and got
your band.
Now I'm Twitch streaming.
But that's just for me.
That's not it's not part of the prank.
And this is where I do.
I think we should probably put a pin in the intro and move
on with the show after this.
But I have one more plot.
Okay, great, great.
And this may be actually getting into a little bit of
a spoiler territory.
So skip ahead about 10 minutes.
Skip ahead 10 to 15 minutes.
Make it 20.
Just stop listening.
Just stop listening.
We're going to have the money zone soon.
So don't actually skip.
Okay, just start listening to it at like five times speed.
Justin has to say that to keep the advertisers happy.
But I want you to go into this film with fucking
virgin ears and eyes and a heart and soul of a child's mind.
So don't listen to this next fucking part, no matter what
you do.
It's cursed.
I'm going to put a ring curse on this next 20 minutes.
Nice.
Don't interrupt me for a second.
Okay.
After the many accidents at the birthday party, Sally is
angry with Ed for citing the war as being the cause of all
the events that transpired.
However, almost everything major that happened at that
event, with the exception of the ejector seat chair, started
as a direct result of a rat chewing through a cable and is
not connected with the war at all.
Therefore, not his nor his grandson's fault.
This sounds like fun for the whole family.
Sounds like a fucking total family entertainer is what it
sounds like.
There's a fucking rat chewing a cable that makes an ejector
seat.
Oh, fuck.
You know, an ejector seat at a party.
Fuck, that's funny.
It's really funny and I'm kind of losing it.
Old school versus new cool.
Get it in theater.
I still don't even want to joke and say that part.
No, this one's coming.
Yeah.
So that's our first movie in the intro segment that was
supposed to be one of many films we've talked about.
The War with Grandpa is coming.
Don't see it in theaters.
It's going to be out October 9th, 2020.
You know, you've waited two years to see this flick without
knowing it.
I think you could probably wait until it's out on a home
viewing options.
And that is our first ad.
And now let's move on to some more ads in the money center.
If you want to hire a family to watch War with Grandpa with
you, you're going to need Zip Recruiter.
I don't think Zip Recruiter will be a good fit.
Yeah, let me just put a quick disclaimer here.
I don't know that you can hire a family through Zip Recruiter.
But if you could hire a family, Zip Recruiter would be the
place to do it, right?
Because it's hard to find the right person.
And if it's hard for you, why not switch to Zip Recruiter?
You can try it for free at ziprecruiter.com slash my
brother.
Zip Recruiter will send you the best candidates for the role
you're looking for in around five minutes or so.
And you can hire them the next day if you want to.
And with the results like that, it's no wonder that four out
of five employers who post in Zip Recruiter get a quality
candidate within the first day.
And right now you can try it for free.
That's right, free at ziprecruiter.com slash my
brother.
That's ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
So let's say you're watching the War with Grandpa and you're
seeing the iconic scene of the war.
And you're seeing the iconic scene where Robert De Niro,
Ed, as we know-
Salty Ed.
Salty Ed is in his fucking cardigan and cabby cap and-
Looking so choice.
He looks fucking good.
He looks cool.
He looks cool.
He looks sexy.
And you're like, I want to get that look.
I want to get the War with Grandpa look.
Let me suggest that you turn to Stitch Fix.
It's a personal styling company that makes getting the clothes
you love effortless.
It's a completely different way to shop.
It's all about you every time.
To get started, go to stitchfix.com slash my brother and you set
up a profile.
You say what kind of clothes budget you're working with or
which scene of War with Grandpa you want most closely to
emulate with your fashion.
If you want to just give them a time code, they could probably
just pluck the outfit right there and just say, oh, okay.
I can look right at the second you are looking and get that
exact outfit.
They will sync with War with Grandpa to find the exact look.
Or maybe, you know, maybe you're not trying to get a style
based on a look from War with Grandpa.
Maybe you need an outfit that's appropriate for having a War
with Grandpa watch party with the rest of your COVID pod.
Absolutely.
Well, then might I suggest that you go to Stitch Fix and get
that look too.
They can help you out with whatever.
Anything that you don't like, you put it back in the packaging.
It's free, returns are free, exchanges are free.
So you just keep the stuff that you love and there's no
subscription required.
And I think you're really going to like it.
We're all big fans here.
And I think it's time for you to give it a shot.
So get started today at stitchfix.com slash my brother
and you get 25% off when you keep everything in your fix.
That's stitchfix.com slash my brother for 25% off when you
keep everything in your fix.
Stitchfix.com slash my brother.
Hey, you like movies about coming up with movie ideas over
the course of an hour because that's what we do every week on
story break a writer's room podcast where three Hollywood
professionals have an hour to come up with a pitch for a movie
or TV show based off of totally zany prompts like that time we
reimagine Star Wars based on our phones auto complete Luke
Skywalker is a family man and it's Star Wars, but it's a good
idea.
How about a time we broke the story of a bunch of Disney
channel original movies based solely on the title and the
poster.
Okay, Sarah Hyland is a 50 foot woman.
Let's just go with it guys.
Or the time we finally cracked the Adobe Photoshop feature
film stamp tool is your woody and then the autofill is the
new Buzz Lightyear join us as we have a good time
imagining all the movies Hollywood is too cowardly to
make story break comes out every Thursday on maximum fun.
I don't know why I'm using this voice now.
Question or Yahoo.
Well here I feel I feel like we need to I have to make an
apology and maybe you guys can join in too because I feel like
we've been talking a lot about we've been talking a lot about
we've been talking a lot about wars grandpa, but we've been
talking a lot about how it's fun for the whole family.
Yeah, and I feel like we should clarify like that includes
found family.
You know what I mean?
Because not everybody has a good relationship.
Maybe your grandpa is more of like a Dr.
Brown scenario where you have like a found grandpa you want
to go to war with and I just want to make it clear that like
I think it's fun for the whole found family as well.
I just don't want you know, you're sitting there with maybe
it's your roommates or yeah, you know like your coven or like
you know, just your high school friends who you're still really
tight with and you talk about how good you did in the big
game like no matter who it is, right?
I think every literally everyone will enjoy watching war
with grandpa.
I think that this movie is really going to bring people
back together after we've been pulled apart by covid.
Yeah, that's actually a great point Travis.
You got to remember that when you're watching war with
grandpa at your house, you're actually watching with
everybody else on planet earth that is also enjoying this
film and that's something you can't you can't get for free.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean everybody's everybody came from the same sort of
Adam and Eve.
We're all family if you think about it.
Yep.
That's so true.
That's so true.
We all came up out of Abraham.
So we got it's all we're all family.
All came up.
Yep.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And you know, I think maybe we should do like a widely
synchronized now.
I'm not saying me.
I'm saying the world.
This is a wide the whole world should just all watch war
with grandpa at the exact same time.
I think that could be cool.
I think that could be like to buy the world a limited time
streaming copy of war with grandpa for them to enjoy and
then we'd all be united.
Yeah.
And here's here's like can I put like a little cool spin on
it? Yeah, we're not going to schedule that time.
I want everyone to just feel it.
I want them to feel it like there will come a moment where
you're like this is it and you're right.
It's everybody will just we'll all sync up and it might be
now it might be 10 years from now.
But like we want there will come a moment where all of our
breeding patterns and our heartbeats and yes, our periods
will all sync up and we'll just know it's the time to watch
war with grandpa.
Well, I mean it'll also have the title song war with grandpa
that chance the rapper did for the soundtrack of war with
grandpa.
So maybe we'll just like play like you'll just you're just
going to hear it and not from any kind of a radio or CD
player.
No, you're just going to it's just going to be you're just
going to hear it and you'll know that it's time to race to
the Blu-ray player and or sorry streaming your wrote your Roku
and or your Goku on your Goku to watch this film or however
we're watching movies at that point.
Because like I said, it might be a long time from now.
Am I reading this right?
This movie's four and a half hours long.
How could that possibly be?
Not nothing was left on the cutting room for it's all on
screen and I mean including like where they would cut and
like reset and make film scenes again.
They didn't edit anything out.
They made it kind of like boyhood where they've been
shooting this movie since Oaks Fagley was born and he's
26 now.
I would love to talk about Tim Hill.
Oh, the I hate I want to pivot a little bit really thought
we were about to do a question.
No.
Yeah.
No, I just want to get this one last thing.
Yeah, we'll get to the episode super quick.
I want to start the episode very soon.
I did want to hit this one last thing about Tim Hill and
just go through his now.
Who is that?
Like he's the director of a film called The War with
Crime.
Oh, right, right, right, right.
Of course.
Yeah.
So let's pretend we're doing like a maybe this is like our
neck if we're if we're a blank check.
Yeah, we're doing like our blank check mini series.
Here are the films we be enjoying in this series Muppets
from Space.
Wait, sorry Justin before you continue.
Are you going chronologically back to front or front to
back back front?
Okay.
Muppets from Space, Max Keeble's Big Move.
Oh, great.
Good one.
Fun flick.
The SpongeBob SquarePants movie he did not direct so we can
skip that one.
Unfortunately, the one of these that I would have wanted to
watch.
Fuck, you don't want to watch Max Keeble's Big Move?
Max Keeble rips ass, dude.
Max Keeble is a fine film.
Tears it up every viewing.
I've worn out the spindles on my VHS of Max Keeble's.
Here's the right here.
Okay, so then he's got Garfield Tale of Two Kitties.
Oh, wow.
All right.
Oscar win.
And then Alvin and the Chipmunks.
All right.
And then Hop.
Huh?
If you remember that one.
Sure.
Russell Brand is a cute little bunny firing on all cylinders.
Then Grumpy Cat's Worst Christmas Ever.
Whoa.
Whoa.
And then for six years, nothing.
Huh.
Well, once you nail it, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
And then in 2020, he's got both the SpongeBob Movie
Sponge on the Run and The War with Grandpa.
So Tim Hill is back.
He's on fucking fire.
Can I say, okay, J-Man, when you started his filmography,
I was not expecting this laundry list of certified hits.
Yeah.
Huge hits, all bad.
Huge hits, though.
But all recognizable, though, which-
Recognizable hits.
There's been one thread tying to-
I feel like we have probably talked about Tim Hill's movies
on this podcast more than a lot of huge directors.
We have definitely, definitely talked about
Garfield Tale of Two Kitties.
Oh, I'm almost certain that it also inspired an episode-long
fever dream like the one we currently find ourselves
embroiled in.
This is just the intro, we'll get to the episode.
We're going to get to the-
I'm saying that sometimes you get these
and it's like College Bobsled 3 or whatever,
and you're like, what?
Who is this person?
But Tim Hill has had a storied career.
Tim Hill has also done some amazing work on TV.
Welcome Freshman, Rocko's Modern Life, Bobby's World,
Ka-Blam, Action League Now, don't mind if I fucking do.
Is War with Grandpa really good?
Is it kind of-
What if War with Grandpa fucking rips ass?
Rips ass right alongside Max Cable's.
I'm saying.
We're going to look so smart when this movie fucking rips ass.
This- you have convinced me, I am-
I feel comfortable being swept away in the-
Sorry, what?
Sorry, stop.
I don't think I could say it like that again if I tried.
Say it again.
Just like that, baby.
Comfortable.
Comfortable.
Comfortable.
Comfortable.
Comfortable.
I'm comfortable in the arms of Tim Hill.
To Tim Hill, comfortable.
To tear me away to Tim Hill.
Where does he go from here?
The grandpa's been bad.
We've gone to war with him.
He's got to be reborn.
The next thing should just be Love Grandpa.
Grandpa struggles in peacetime.
No, the next one's just going to be Love Grandpa,
and people are going to see that and be like,
Love Grandpa, that sounds a little gross for me.
And then Tim's going to have to go on a sort of door-to-door
grassroots marketing campaign and be like,
no, you pronounce it Love Grandpa, like a command.
Oh, I thought it was like love actually.
No, Love Grandpa.
Love Grandpa.
You must love Grandpa.
You have seen him be bad.
You have seen him be dirty.
You have seen him at war.
Now you must love Grandpa.
You must love Grandpa.
Can we real quick, I hate to do this on the show,
but real quick, can we just enjoy together the trailer
for War with Grandpa?
Is that like a good use of our time?
Okay, give me just one second to get it kind of
spooled up here.
I'm going to do a little Bluetooth pairing.
Imagine while I'm doing this,
what if I was Ed from War with Grandpa?
You wouldn't be able to figure it out.
You couldn't do it.
I was trying to do this.
Can you fucking imagine?
You'd be losing it.
You'd be absolutely losing it.
I'm already losing it.
Just picturing it.
I'm losing it thinking about it.
Yeah, it's really funny.
Gotta say, Juice, it is taking you about as long as it would
take Salty Ed to figure it out.
I haven't seen him even thinking about that.
Yeah, right?
Even thinking about that is fucking busting me off.
It's kind of bringing us all together.
Our whole family so far loves it.
It really is a total family entertainer.
War with Grandpa.
This one's got 4.7 million views.
More views than any we've ever gotten in our entire lives.
No, it's okay.
Let's do this.
This is the War with Grandpa official trailer.
He's in a grocery store.
Can I help you, sir?
You can help me find Maria.
All Maria's gone.
We're completely self-checkout now.
Please scan your item.
Please scan your item.
I just did.
Please scan your item.
Then he leaves.
He gets arrested.
This can't keep happening.
He hits a mailbox.
You're not putting me in a home.
What if it were our home?
Oh my god.
Grandpa!
Jenny!
Hi, Grandpa.
Hello, sweetheart.
How's your daughter's place at?
She gave me my grandson's room.
That's great.
You're welcome.
How do you like your room?
Kid, look.
I didn't want it to be this way either.
I just want my room back.
Jesus.
The kid runs into a...
I want to put up with this.
A little hanging.
I didn't have my room back or else it's war.
Declaration of war.
Give me back what is mine or face the consequences.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
You got your wish.
It's got a power drill.
Last drying foam sealant.
I'm gonna get this kid.
This shirt was off in that scene.
You want me to help you and your buddies.
To help beat up your grandson and his buddies
because the two of you can't figure out some way to live in the same place.
Funny.
Well, when you put it like that...
I'm in.
What?
What?
What?
This kind of aggression shall not stand sympathize.
I didn't know you were a marine.
Oh my god.
It's because we're walking on a hoverboard.
Just saying.
It ain't enough.
Let's do this.
Do you even remember how to do this?
So you don't need your diaper.
Your shit's blowing up, Justin.
They're playing dodgeball.
Why are we doing it this way?
When you have peace talks, you need someone neutral to mediate.
He gave me a cookie.
It is true, a cookie was given.
That is funny.
That's good.
Yeah.
That actually is pretty funny.
That is funny.
I think your grandpa might be a ninja.
We gotta end this somehow.
He's falling off on a ladder onto a bouncy castle.
It's dead.
Did you see that?
She said he's dead.
It was Chris for walking towards the sand.
It's gonna be cool.
Okay.
It's so fucking good.
And then here comes the...
And there's a snake.
Yeah, it's like a godfather thing.
It's like a kind of a godfather thing.
It's fucking great.
So that is War with Grandpa coming to theaters.
What did we say?
Let's probably not theaters.
October.
Oh, no.
Sorry.
Sorry, only in theaters.
So don't even try to see this one.
That is gonna be...
I have been very good about this whole quarantine thing.
That is gonna be sort of an incredible rigid hell for me.
Too tempting.
Yeah, too tempting that people are out there loving this movie,
enjoying this movie, the War with Grandpa.
Please no spoilers.
Now listen, there was a moment in that movie, if I'm not mistaken,
and granted it was playing clearly through Justin's phone,
where Jane Seymour, who is the Maria, I believe,
is the Maria that he is asking for at the beginning of the grocery store.
Okay, Justin's putting the pieces together.
She works at the grocery store.
She works at the grocery store.
She, and she, they probably will.
Yes.
Okay.
And she, is she Pete's mom?
No.
No.
Uma Thurman is Pete's mom.
Yeah.
Okay, see, this is why I was confused.
Maria is his sexual partner.
Yeah, no, they're gonna pork for sure.
Uma Thurman, I imagine, has no knowledge of this conflict.
That's why I was confused,
because it did sound as though the mother character was like,
yeah, let's beat up my son.
No, no, it's, no, it is, I guess it is Salty Ed's lover.
Yes, so they're going to beat up a child
as like an aphrodisiac.
They're gonna try to kick ass.
And Jane Seymour says it.
She doesn't even, she's not joking.
Yeah, she says that, yeah.
Let's beat up some fucking kids.
That should be a moment where even if you're Ed,
and you are craving her wave, right?
And you have deep beef with your grandson,
but then this other human being seems very excited.
That's where you should go like, oh, uh.
Yeah, you should call somebody about that.
Man, I would rather, oh, Bob De Niro,
give me a four alarm ass whip
and then delete my fucking Minecraft save.
I'd let that dude just fuck me up with a two by four
before I let him anywhere near my Minecraft village.
I'd love it if he was like a 20 minute scene
of him destroying his Minecraft castle.
And then Oaks was like, yeah, okay.
And just reloaded it.
It's clocking, I got a cloud save, my dude.
Yeah, it's in the cloud, dumb dumb.
I, was there also a moment in there
that was just brushing up against a little stolen valor?
Yeah, a little bit stolen valor from Chris Walken.
But you know what?
Later you see him in a suit.
Later you see him in a Santa suit.
So that's stolen valor twice in one trailer, Chris.
You sure?
Just gently brushing up stolen valor there.
Yeah, I'm the real Santa Claus.
How dare you, sir?
I need a 10% discount at the movie theaters.
Oh, holy shit.
The real one.
Okay, so the most baffling shot in this trailer,
if you're watching this trailer,
you're watching this trailer and you're loving it.
You're losing it.
I don't want to distract you too much
from how much you're enjoying it.
But I do want to draw your attention to 155,
where I'm going to give you a shot for shot breakdown
because I cannot make fucking heads or tails of it.
Okay.
Okay, we see in sequence.
Sorry, let me slow down the playback speed
to the slowest possible.
Okay, so we see a shot of,
at the top of the ladder is Bob De Niro.
He's hanging Christmas lights.
Got it.
He gets shocked by the wire.
We see an elf look up from the snow
and Bobby D is falling.
An elf?
A little child elf, probably Oaks.
I think it's Oaks.
He's dressed as an elf.
He looks up and sees his grandfather falling.
The ladder is falling backwards into a bouncy castle.
And we see a shot of Ed looking very distraught
in his Santa cap as he falls plummeting.
Probably he has to assume to his death.
Yeah, then we see a wide of him falling in the bouncy castle.
Let's hope it's a stubble.
Probably I'm just going to say a red herring for the trailer.
And then the next shot at the cutaway
is someone in a Santa costume landing on the ground.
That's what I'm saying.
But it's different.
It's different.
It's Santa falling on the ground and it's Christopher Walken.
So this shot has taken us a composite
of Bobby D falling into a bounce castle
and then he rises again as Christopher Walken dressed as Santa.
Yeah, it's almost like he died.
And then Oaks Fegley had to go and bring the soul back,
but the soul got lodged in Christopher Walken, if you will.
Here's the part that fucking does piss me off.
Okay.
Oh, this is my favorite segment when we do,
when we talk about this movie for an hour.
Listen, just the one thing else.
Okay, this is maybe the last thing.
At 201 in the trailer of The War with Grandpa,
at least on the MovieClips upload,
at 201, we see a scene of Oaks and Salty Ed hugging.
Yeah, huh.
So like, I guess that's how it ends.
Thanks, right?
Like, why did we even have the entire fucking war?
Red.
Apparently at the end of it, they're just going to...
How am I supposed to get excited about this war with grandpa
whenever I know it ends with peace?
Justin, it's a red herring, do not worry.
That is something they put in the trailer
that will not be in the actual movie
because in the end, they mutually assured destruction.
This is what I've decided now.
Layers within layers within layers within layers.
They both put snakes in each other's beds.
And as the fangs sink in and they feel the injection of venom,
they will both say, we weren't so different, you and I.
As they stare into each other's eyes
and die simultaneously like in the notebook.
Now, I hate to continue to ruin this,
but we do zoom out to see that Christopher Walken
has been watching this entire scene play out
from about three feet away.
The camera pans down and we see in his hand
a bottle labeled snake venom entered there.
And he says, I guess it's true, we are all but shadows.
And then he walks out the window.
Yeah, he walks out the window.
And he's wearing, he's dressed as Santa
and he falls to his death.
Okay.
Yeah, he walks out the window dressed as Santa,
falls to his death.
His fingers, lifeless fingers,
uncurl the bottle of anti-snake venom
and Uma just starts screaming.
She knows what's happened, she's lost every year.
And this is not the first time this has happened to her,
by the way, we find out about this later,
but she's already lost an entire extended family
to snake-related accidents.
In the distance, there's just a man in a white suit
who checks something off of a clipboard
and then vanishes.
The shitty thing is, it's not even,
the snakes aren't even because of the war with grandpa,
it's because the rat chewed through the damn cake.
Yeah.
Fuck.
So we don't even learn that till the end.
Yeah.
Thank you for listening to our podcast.
We have run out of...
We don't have time for a Yahoo or...
No, we don't have any time for anything in this one,
but gosh, it was a good discussion
of the war with grandpa.
Maybe the best we've ever had.
One of our top discussions,
we're gonna keep a really close eye on this flick.
And what a treat, what a treat we have to look forward to.
This is just a quick reminder, don't go to movie theaters.
Don't go to the movie theater, even if it's a fucking goof,
to go see this movie and send us your ticket stuff
or whatever, don't, don't, don't do it.
Well, okay, if you wanna buy a ticket to something
then not go into the movie.
That's fine.
Or this great flick, I'm absolutely into that.
We have to get to the hundred year war with grandpa.
Yeah, no problem at all, but thank you.
Thank you also to...
No, sorry, we'll do Travis then Griffin.
Okay, we wrote a how to podcast book
and we just got like the first like preview copies of it.
And listen, I'm not just saying this
because it's our book, it's really good.
It's like a well-made book, all the pages stay in there
no matter how hard you flop it around,
you're gonna love it.
And it will teach you how to make a podcast
that you're proud of and it's like fun and funny.
And funny, Teresa was reading it and laughing out loud
and it is hard to make Teresa laugh.
Wow, so there it is.
You can pre-order it.
Maybe his wife read his podcast.
She chose to, sir.
Grim.
It's called, everybody has a podcast except you.
You can pre-order it.
What, you?
Sure.
I think.
No, it's except.
Except?
Yep.
But?
But would have been better.
You can pre-order it at McElroyPodcastBook.com.
Real fucking funny.
Fuck.
McElroyPodcastBook.com.
It's a total family entertainer.
Fun for the whole family.
You gotta get this book.
This book is the new cool.
Hey, and thanks to John Roderick.
This book is the new cool.
So thanks to John Roderick and Long Winter
who's theme song is set apart,
chopped the album, putting the days to bed
and also to maximum fun.
Both of these fucking good guys are the new cool.
Yep, for sure, for sure.
I almost feel like maybe we don't do a final Yahoo.
Yeah, I think that's the end of the episode.
I can do a movies one.
I have a movies one.
Here's a final movies one.
Just cap off our little popcorn bucket to the stars.
This was sent by Graham Roebuck.
Thanks, Graham.
It's a Yahoo answer user named Aaron who asks,
Kevin Smith, if you're out there
after you and Bruce Willis feud,
can you still watch and enjoy Bruce Willis movies?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
I can't believe we've done this.
This has been My Brother, My Brother Made Kiss Your Dad
Square on the Lips.
