The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, me, and advice show from the modern
era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. I believe that children know our future.
Okay. Teach them well and let them lead the way. Hi, it's local inspiration, Justin McElroy.
Oh, wow. I am here sort of as a podcaster, but now I feel like I've entered my twilight years
as an entertainer and have now transitioned to sort of a Sherpa.
A guiding light.
A guiding light, a Sherpa through these waters that we call podcasts.
You know Sherpas don't lead people through water, right?
Like they can. I'm a water Sherpa.
Okay. If Jimmy Buffett can make a beer called Land Shark, I can make a water Sherpa.
Okay. I am joined in the studio today by a young-
Don't say his name. He ain't ready for that heat.
A young boy, a young local teen who I've taken in off the streets to shadow me and see how-
Now, please don't say it like that. If you say you brought him in from the street,
it makes it sound like almost an Oliver. Did he seek you out or did he-
I gave him my address and he came in from the street through the front door to the house.
Right.
But you didn't like find him, you know, filching handkerchiefs or whatever
and you're giving him a better life.
No, I saw him trying to sell people his underwear and I said, kid, you got something.
You got the gift. You got the talent.
Did his parents suddenly and tragically die in a big acrobat accident?
And now you are the one, now he's your ward. It's one of those situations.
Yes. They died in a tragic acrobat accident. And then what he said was,
Mr. McRoy, if my parents had been able to fall on the most comfortable hybrid mattresses on the
market, they would have been fine. And I said, kid, you got it. You got the goods.
You can't teach that, Justin.
No, no.
It's good stuff. I've got somebody in the studio too that's shadowing me doing,
and he's learning and I'm an inspiration guiding light. I'm like a fire Sherpa.
It's sort of mine.
Wow.
It's Jake. His name is Jake Gyllenhaal.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, he's going to play a movie. He's doing a movie about a podcaster.
Griffin, Inc.
He's doing Griffin, Inc. this time. And his job's not like the other parents' jobs.
And so he's watching me. And what's that, Jake?
Yeah. Okay. Hey, yeah. If you want, there's, yeah, go grab a,
there's some Sobe Life Water down in the fridge. Okay.
I'm disappointed in you guys.
Can I just real quick, real quick, real quick. I can't fucking stand this guy. He's so big.
He's like so animated. And it's like, just come back.
Yeah. The cranberry, save the cranberry one for Rachel. Okay.
He was like, I'm Spider-Man now. I'm Spider-Man now.
And I'm like, you were in Spider-Man. You didn't play Spider-Man.
I am. I also have, well, a shadowing situation happening here.
But unlike you two lazy layabouts, I have the entire-
Two pieces of gum in my pocket.
Well, I have the entire 2019 slash 2020 Harvard Business graduating class shadowing me.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, they're all here in my office.
That must be one hell of a headphone splitter you've got for them.
Yeah. Well, I mean, they're all just being very quiet.
And they're sharing one speaker that they're huddled around.
Like that scene, you know, in Chrissy's story, where they're listening to Little Orphan Annie.
Right, sure.
They're doing that. It's like they're listening to my brother, my brother, and me.
And they're all in the room, but they promise to be really quiet.
Trav, Jake's laughing so hard. Jake Gyllenhaal's really busting a gut on this one.
Why would he be laughing?
Ian, I'm muted for a second, so I wouldn't mess up the recording.
Did you see how I found the pieces of gum in my pocket,
but I didn't make a big deal out of it on the show?
That's really important.
None of them are talking.
Good one, guys.
Yeah, absolutely.
Anyway, I've just found two pieces of gum randomly.
But I didn't make a big deal out of it.
Now, here's the thing, folks at home.
One of us is telling the truth, and the other two are fibbing.
But you'll never know which one it is, right?
That's how we keep the spark alive here at my brother, my brother, and me.
I'm nodding at the entire Harvard business class.
That's how we keep the spark alive.
Two truths and a lie.
Yeah, we keep people interested, because we lie to them two-thirds of the time,
and they never know what is the truth and what's a lie.
We don't have more so...
How did you finish that that fast?
We don't have more Sobey Life water.
Griffin, send them over here.
I have more.
Just send them to the store.
Go to Travis's.
Fly to Cincinnati.
Slam.
Slam.
Hey, Jake.
Yeah, you wanted some more...
No, sorry.
He forgot his keys.
Send him back, Trav.
Okay, you got to go back and get your keys.
Slam.
Slam.
Hey, let's do a question.
Yeah, guys, absolutely.
Absolutely.
Time for the first question of the episode.
I recently moved nearby a donut shop.
Oh, that'd be tough.
I used to live next door to a Giovanni's.
Okay.
And I would order garlic bread for every meal.
And then sometimes I would also get stromboli or stromboboli and get doubles.
So I would have a stromboboli dinner and a stromboboli lunch.
Did you collect sort of your sweat during that era to use as a sort of
a general purpose, like, Italian oil dressing seasoning?
Yeah, bechamel, almost.
So the donuts are highly praised in the area.
However, I looked at the reviews.
70% of them talk about how the old man that runs the shop is a huge bully to his customers.
Many reviews even stated how he refused to sell you his donuts if you weren't interested in the daily specials.
Or he puts extra donuts in your bag and charges you for them whether or not you wanted them.
My social anxiety has peaked at the thought of interacting with this man, but I really want to try his donuts.
Brothers, what do I do?
That's from Scared of the Donut Man in St. Paul, Minnesota.
That's what I said.
I have good news and bad news, and they're both the same news.
Okay.
Because you're gonna need to go get these donuts.
That's the bad news.
Absolutely.
We've got no premise.
Yes, because the good news side of this is these donuts are so good
that this business has been able to stay in business even though it sounds like it's owned by a bad business person.
Yeah.
Right?
That's how good these donuts are.
And you find that out sometimes where it's like, oh, yeah, this is like a deli where if you don't know what you want right away, they yell at you.
Right.
But people still go there and they'll say, oh, I go there for the atmosphere and it's fun because, like, the hairdressers are rude to you or whatever.
But that's what I-
Let's not skip over that, Travis.
I want to explore this Dick's Last Resort.
He, that this cantankerous old donut man is spinning on his customers because there are people who like that.
And I feel like you can do like a really mean punk rock donut shop atmo and people are gonna be wicked into it.
Like just a general sort of, I know what you're gonna do with these.
You gotta, I know what you're gonna do with these holes.
Aren't you?
Oh, yeah.
You dirty, you dirty animal.
It's not me.
This is the character I'm playing.
This is the character.
Of the filthy old donut man who is gonna be mean to you.
But then if you call him on it, he's like, you know what?
Take some, take some crullers for the kids.
Oh, that's a good point.
Does he like the back sass?
Is he looking for like a two way sassy exchange?
Hey, fuck you too, old man.
Well, that's not-
Whoa, that's so mean.
That's too mean.
Take some crullers for the kids.
He's like, hey, wait, you gotta pay.
I'll pay, you pay for my balls and then leave.
Whoa, that's illegal.
Without paying.
Hey, your balls are illegal and then you leave.
Well, how did you, oh, you knew the secret code.
These donuts are on the house and these nuts.
Say, are these donuts hot?
And when he says no, up in the bag and say you're not paying for them.
Make some fresh ones.
That's good.
He's really mean and you're like, hey, I know that behind that gruff donut mean exterior,
you're just looking to be loved.
And I want you to know you can't scare me off.
I'll be back tomorrow for more donuts.
And then you do that every day until eventually you're in.
You fall in love, he teaches you how to do the donuts.
I've never read Tuesdays with Maury, but I think this is what happens at first.
Maury is so fucking mean.
He's like, hey, you piece of shit.
I don't want to spend Tuesdays with you.
Yeah, Tuesdays are my day.
I want to briefly talk about donuts in Huntington, because we got a bunch of people coming into Huntington.
Okay.
I would, I just want to remind everybody that the best option for donuts in the area is Jolly Pirate Donuts.
Correct.
The donut box looks like a treasure chest.
Can't beat it.
Ask if they got hot donuts in the back.
If they don't mention it, like up front, you'll be able to find some.
Also, I would 100% recommend that you follow Jolly Pirate on Facebook, because it's fucking radical.
Oh, what are they putting out?
I think it's like one old old man who doesn't fully grok Facebook, but he's crushing it.
It's just, there's a picture that went up.
So they haven't posted for literally two months.
Yesterday, he put up two pictures of donuts in the fryer with the quote.
What?
There's two pictures of donuts in the fryer.
I'm looking at it now.
It's unbelievable.
Can you read that quote for me, Griff?
The quote said, these are, first of all, not especially well-framed photos of these donuts,
but it says, no baby beats the old man, but beats his B-E-T-S, like the vegetable.
What?
No baby beats the old man.
That's what Jolly Pirate's message is.
I don't know.
It's like they're, I guess they're calling out someone.
I don't know who.
Somebody post like a rival donut place, post a picture of one donut in a fryer,
and they're like, fuck that, we're doing two.
Possible messages for this are one, there's tiny donuts at Peace Love and Little Donuts downtown.
Those are not great.
And then there's, we got a Dunkin, our first Dunkin in town.
What?
And maybe they're making a run at Dunkin.
I don't know.
Oh, I see.
Listen, I like Dunkin, and I don't know about Jolly Pirate's coffee scenario.
Like Dunkin.
Don't, don't, shop local.
Is it possible?
It don't be Jolly Pirate donuts.
Dunkin's donuts are unthinkable.
The idea, do you know why they had, do you know how they legally had to change the name
of the place just to Dunkin?
Because they're not even, they don't even qualify as donuts anymore.
They don't like legally, it's like a legal-
They're just called breaded rings.
If I could flow, is it possible-
That's how Pringles are like potato crisps.
Yeah.
Is it possible that the social media manager for Jolly Pirate Donuts did an extremely questionable
job of quoting Dirty Dancing?
How about a Yahoo?
It's like I always say.
No baby beats the old man.
Nobody puts baby at the intersection.
Okay, so here's a Yahoo.
This one was sent in by, actually a few people sent this one in.
It's by an anonymous Yahoo Answers user.
Oh wait, sorry, I just want to circle back to one thing.
The last post from Jolly Pirate Donuts is a picture of a huge cruise ship going through
a canal in Greece.
Oh, fucking the best.
Yeah, man.
Oh, that's so cool.
Pumpkin cookies now available.
That's something else.
This is a good, this is a premium follow, folks.
This is a premium follow.
Damn, we haven't recommended a premium follow in a while.
You know I'm getting on board.
I'm following-
Jolly Pirates WV on Facebook.
Okay, so anyway, this one sent in by no baby.
I can't stop thinking about no baby beats the old man.
It's got like-
No baby.
No baby beats the old man.
It's got such good-
Until the chosen baby.
It's got pure boomer energy in a way that I wish everything kind of reflected.
But anyway, so no baby asks, Fraser and Niles get caught eating baked beans at the opera.
I am an aspiring screenwriter, and it is my dream to work on the new Fraser reboot.
Would this be a good episode idea?
We've all been waiting for this opportunity to fall in, not our laps, but someone's laps,
so that we can run over, slap it out of their lap, and onto our lap, and make it our Fraser reboot.
But this idea of Fraser and Niles get caught eating baked beans at the opera,
I feel like we could think and think our three brains locked it together,
completing the cerebral puzzle as it were, and we would not come up with anything that good.
But I'm, you know, I'm open to suggestions, I guess.
Here's-
Okay.
Here's what, to catch you guys up while you think about your answers,
I want to, what's the latest on the Fraser reboot?
This is the Fraser reboot watch, which is a new segment.
This is from 10 days ago.
While visiting in depth with Graham Bessinger last week,
Grammer said that while no network has taken in the cranes just yet,
he approved of an idea for the new season.
This is from Vulture.
And this is Kelsey, this is Kelsey Grammer speaking.
This is Kelsey Grammer of Fraser fame.
He played the, one of the main big characters on there, Fraser.
The titular Fraser.
He played Fraser.
Okay, so here's the quote.
We got it hatched.
We've hatched the plan.
What we think is the right way to go.
We're sort of on standby a little bit.
Hey, where's my Bim Bam season two?
We hatched it.
We hatched it.
We hatched the plan.
It's a holding pattern.
But you know how like you hatch a baby and then like a baby bird,
and then the baby bird is just on standby for a while?
Don't worry about it.
Here's, we're kind of on standby for a little bit.
And this is another one that we can steal.
Working out a couple of possible network deals that we're circling.
So we're kind of, there's the deals below us and like the majestic hawk.
We are circling the deals.
So we just hatched the hawk and it's also circling.
Don't let that confuse you.
We've hatched the hawk of deals and it's circling the deals.
And let's dive back into this quote.
Just like a hawk.
There's still stuff going on, but a revisit to Frasier, comma,
Frasier's world is, I think, definitely going to come.
Now, Vulture has taken a step here to not italicize Frasier's world,
which seems strange because I do think that when Kelsey Grammer said that,
he was dropping the world premiere name of the reboot Frasier's world.
It'll be Frasier's world.
And at this point, you get to go inside of his mindscape.
And so it's part animated, by which I mean like anime.
It's all anime in there.
Like inside Frasier's head?
Yeah, in his mind.
Because he's always talking about other people's minds.
In this one, you get to go into Frasier's world, which is what he calls his anime.
In this one, Frasier has been in some kind of accident.
Maybe he's in a coma.
And we're getting to see the dreamscape in which Frasier lives.
I get it.
Okay, yeah, that's obvious.
We find out the entire first series was a dream
because Kelsey Grammer hates the first series.
So he wants to undo it.
He always wanted it to be based around Frasier Crane's anime dreamscape.
Yes.
John Mahoney hologram.
So Frasier and Niles are eating some beans at the opera.
Baked beans.
Baked beans.
Not a fancy bean like a garbanzo.
And what I love about this,
this premise that this aspiring screenwriter has set up,
is the issue is not that they are eating baked beans at the opera.
It's that they're caught eating baked beans at the opera.
They fucked up.
Yeah.
Now, so here's the question.
Let's roll back.
How did we get here?
Maybe we start in media rows.
The first thing, they're caught.
Break the story.
Right, they're caught, right?
Hey, there's a flashlight from an usher.
Maybe the usher is like a young person.
So their voice breaks when they say like,
Mr. Crane, no baked beans at the opera for the last time.
And then we just see them on the floor eating loose baked beans.
And now we then start back at the beginning to get there.
So this is the premiere of Frasier's World.
This is the first episode.
You haven't seen Kelsey in a couple decades,
except for that one very viral video
where he did eat shit off the stage.
Yes, other than that though.
We all remember that and love that.
That was practically a Frasier reboot.
A very, very short, very, very small, very delightful.
Frasier's plummet to the ground.
And he's come back.
So after the in media res opening,
we show him and they are mourning the loss of the chair,
which is fucked up.
The chair is gone.
And so, and the dad wanted the chair to be,
you know, what's the word?
Immolated, disintegrated.
What's the word I'm looking for?
Yeah, I think it's evaporated.
And he was like, and don't worry about it.
Just put it in a can of baked beans.
Okay.
So he doesn't want like a fancy urn
because he's not a fancy person
like old Garbanzo Niles over here.
Yes.
Is Niles and Frasier eating their dad?
No, but they gotta get the can from somewhere.
Well, yeah, I'm saying that, oh, so they need the can.
I thought you were saying Griffin,
because where I was going to go with it
is they put the ashes of the chair
into the can of baked beans.
Oh, and then it like made a,
like a chair slurry, Travis?
Yes, but then the baked beans spill,
while the can maybe gets destroyed.
Okay.
And now they need to get the baked beans out of there.
And the only way they can think to do it
is by smuggling in their tum-tums.
That's cool.
Frasier's like some dumb old, it's old.
Hey, Justin, you're not muted.
I pretend to like it for my brothers,
because they're like old and boring,
but hey, did Frasier end with Roz and Frasier getting together?
Because that's what I want.
Absolutely, Trav.
Okay, cool.
Do you think they're going to be back?
It's weird, just you keep cutting out,
and then you come back in yelling absolutely,
but not sort of responding to the thing that the people said.
I'm just bringing like positive energy to the show,
trying to keep it going, you know?
Yeah, for sure.
So anyway, what I've just done
is in Hollywood terms called a bump.
And I'm looking for, Travis has said it,
so Justin, you go ahead and spike it
right across the net line.
We've established the sort of baked beans narrative.
Yes.
Take us home.
Okay, so they need, what are they still lacking?
A can, right?
We've got the can, nope, we've got the can.
They were caught eating it.
You got caught eating it, finish it.
We're at the opera, they have the can,
they've spilled the can, they're eating it off the floor.
Okay, the problem is-
Why are they eating it at the opera?
They're eating dirty chair chili off,
because they were gonna go throw it over the big cliff
like their dad asked to scatter the chair.
But then they saw that the opera was in town.
But then they saw the, and like a moth to a flame,
these two fancy fucks went to the opera.
And they said, we can throw it after the fancy opera.
But what happened?
They spilled it on the floor
and they have to eat the chair chili off the fucking floor
like a couple of dogs.
Oh shit, okay, listen, are you guys ready?
I'm about to pitch you what-
Travis, Justin needs to spike it.
Okay, yes, you spike it Griffin,
and then I will sell it in the room, the Frasier reboot.
So B-plot, Daphne is-
Oh, she's back.
She's back, but here's the thing,
she runs a company now.
Okay.
And she's incorporating.
In this episode, she's filing the papers to incorporate.
Okay.
So back to you, Travis.
Okay, I don't see how that helps me resolve-
Oh, maybe her business is she now runs
like a huge cleaning service organization
that now she is the head of
and now she gets the contract to clean the bean mess.
And they don't want-
The opera-
I can't find a name for me company.
Wait a minute, I'll get it.
Empty can of baked beans, LLC.
And they all tie back together.
It all ties back.
Now, are you ready?
Here's how I'm going to, if you're listening, Kelsey Grammer,
which I know you are, you dirty boy.
Okay, here, I'm gonna give you your pitch.
Mr. Grammer, this is such an honor.
Oh my God.
Yeah, thank you for listening.
I listened to your autobiography,
the audio book version of it.
Grammer Crackers?
So far, no.
Okay.
In this one-
It was Country Grammer was the name of it.
Country Grammer.
Goes written by Nelly.
It's actually Grammer's Cool.
Grammer's Cool.
In this one, rather than the dad coming to live
with Kelsey Grammer, AKA Frasier, right?
And him being the fish out of water.
This one, Frasier goes to live with his dad
in a rural town where Frasier just doesn't fit in.
John Mahoney did sadly pass away.
So I don't-
Remember we talked about-
It's a reboot, Griffin.
It's gonna be different now.
We already talked about John Mahoney hologram.
Yeah, that's established.
It's problematic in a few ways.
I would love to come into this one clean.
I would love to come into this one clean.
In this one, Kelsey Grammer plays the dad.
Okay, now we're on some Honey Boy shit
and I'm back fucking on board.
We got a young, fancy person to play the titular Frasier.
Everybody bumps up one character.
Everyone bumps up one character.
And who comes in at the bottom to play Frasier?
It's young Sheldon.
Not the actor that plays young Sheldon.
It's young motherfucking Sheldon comes in.
ABC, CBS, NBC.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I have to quibble with you.
Young Sheldon would have to come in to play the dog Eddie
in the hopes that something would be loosened up
at some point.
And then he would be in the running after that
to take over Niles because it funnels by age, right?
Right.
So you're saying David Hyde Pierce would play Frasier?
And Eddie the dog would play Niles?
David Hyde Pierce would be Frasier.
That's right.
Okay.
Yes.
Well, okay, sorry.
Roz would have to play Niles
because I think Roz is probably above Eddie the dog.
Just on the call list.
Let's keep shaking the tree, guys.
That is how it works.
That's how it worked on Roseanne when she got booted.
Lori Metcalf was like, now I'm, it's called Metcalf now.
Welcome to Metcalf.
You know what sucks?
And why I've been actually distracted is
I can't stop thinking about how terrifyingly close
the last 10 minutes probably actually really were
to some of the breaking of stories for Frasier,
especially towards the end.
I feel like if you swapped out baked beans
with another proper now,
we probably would have gotten to a solid spec.
There was probably a lot of pitch meetings
that were just like, Frasier's in Vegas.
Okay, you got 48 hours to give me 20 pages.
That was it.
Hey guys, I got a segment I want to do.
Oh yeah, set it up, Trav.
So I tried this segment out in Milwaukee.
I loved it.
I'm going to do it again.
Basically, I call it reach for the stars.
And in it, I'm going to read you guys
a couple of Amazon reviews
and I'll give you like the review and the star rating.
And you guys are going to try to guess
what the product they're reviewing is.
Now this first one here,
this is a one out of five star review.
Oh no.
It may have just been a warehouse issue,
but there was nothing inside the package.
It was a white and blue envelope
and there was nothing in it.
It was even sealed as well.
Would not recommend.
It even had tracking,
but there was nothing inside.
Someone had to seal the package at the West house
knowing there was nothing inside.
This is an anti-clue you have given us.
I know less about the product now
than I did when we started.
Let me give you one piece of information here.
Okay.
This is another one out of five star review.
Toy.
Okay.
So I, cause I was going to say aphids.
Oh, not a bad guess.
I mean, it is a bad guess.
You open up the bag and aphids come out
and you don't even see them.
You're like, this bag was empty,
but really there was the aphids
you bought and forgot about.
That's pretty good.
But if it's a toy.
Toy.
Now remember that's a one star review.
Oh, so it's, they didn't want it to be a toy.
They wanted it to be a business.
Highlander replica sword.
Highlander replica sword.
Good guess, good guess.
What about like a, you know, a funny stapler,
like a office space theme stapler, you know?
Okay.
Something businessy, not a toy.
One of you is on the right track.
And I won't tell you what,
but one of you is on the right track.
Now this is a five out of five star review
and this might help a lot.
Very realistic looking.
They fool most people.
Made of good quality materials.
Awesome price.
And most important, fun.
I've changed my answer significantly
because now I think it's full blown shit.
I think it's a full blown, goofy, goofy, rubbery shit
that you would put on the floor of your house.
So your friends walk in and be like,
why is there shit on the floor?
And you're like, it's a joke.
And then they say, why did you want us to think
there was shit on the floor?
One of those.
Okay.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle replica nunchucks.
Okay, okay.
Now here's the final one.
Five out of five stars.
Son got them for drama class.
Very realistic.
Teacher impressed.
I'm back to aphids.
I'm right back on aphids.
Well, how do you think the aphids
would be deployed in drama class?
In an impressive way, it sounds like.
It'd be fucking cool, man.
If you're doing like a monologue from some play
that had aphids in it.
Or a monologue from like Bugs Life.
Bugs Life and monologue or from ants would be funny.
Um, no, okay, I'm back on sort of,
I'm sort of leaning towards Justin's prop weapons now.
I'm gonna stick with nunchucks.
Oh, nope.
We're looking at fake cigarettes.
Fake cigarettes.
Fake cigarettes.
Now, I have one more here and I will tell you.
Now wait, can we stop for a second?
Uh-huh.
Someone thought they were ordering
real cigarettes from Amazon.
Toy.
Toy.
Hey, these didn't, I didn't feel anything with these.
This is a toy.
Where's all the cool smoke?
Got one more here now.
I will go ahead and tell you guys
this is another novelty.
Okay.
Uh, cause that will become clear
from this first five out of five star review.
Yeah, buddy, fooled my whole family at Easter, lol.
Fake dookie, fake dookie, fake dookie.
I would hate to be one answer off with my fake dookie,
but um, uh, yeah, yeah, fake dookie.
I mean, you guys got it and won.
Oh wow, really?
Yeah, but I'll read the rest of the reviews
cause they're very good.
Okay, okay.
This is a five out of five star review.
I was really excited about this variable fools day.
Unfortunately, my dog ate it before my husband could see it
because he was feeling extra petty that day.
That's extra, that's really bad about your marriage
and your dog ate some shit.
That's rough too.
This one is a five out of five review titled
the best fake poop on the market.
Well, we would have gotten it with that one probably Travis.
Yeah, I wouldn't have given you the title,
but I think you probably would have gotten it from this.
When I cleaned out my uncle's house after his passing,
I offered up various items to the cousins.
One of the items was an antique porcelain commode.
My one cousin said he wanted it.
I packed it up and shipped it off,
but of course put one of these in it as a gag.
That's a pretty horrible gag I feel like.
It's fucking funny.
Okay, now one more and this one.
Oh my God, five out of five star reviews here.
Got it from my stocking stuffer, parentheses, from Santa,
and parentheses, to myself as a joke for my daughter.
Fuck me.
Do it again.
Got it for my stocking stuffer, parentheses, from Santa,
and parentheses, to myself as a joke for my daughter.
Later that day, took it to my parents' house
and strategically placed it in the hallway
right when the party was going
and then waited for my dad to notice.
Took about two hours, but he noticed.
I got the whole party in on it.
This guy expectantly staring at this brown lump like,
hey, anybody been to the hallway lately?
It's a little stinky in there
if anybody wants to go into the hallway.
I got the whole party in on it.
The look on my dad's face
when he tried to secretly grab the paper towel
and clean it up before anyone noticed was priceless.
And the moment when he bent down and grabbed it
and realized it was fake was even better.
Touch that shit, old man.
Touch it, dad.
I've waited two hours for this.
The moment's here.
How was the party?
Hey, has anyone seen Doug?
Yeah, he's just staring down the hallway.
Did you have fun at the party?
Yeah, I spent most of it looking at fake shit on the ground.
I know you invited that person that you wanted me to talk to
because you think maybe we could become romantically entwined,
but they did try and talk to me
and I said, not now, not now, not now.
I need to watch my daddy touch this poo-poo.
And he looked like a fool for the five seconds
when he thought it was real.
What a dumb asshole.
Hey, I'm not gonna be able to afford any fake poop
if we don't take a quick break to the Money Zone.
Do you think there was ever a dookie gag of any stripe
on Frasier Prime,
which is what we'll call the first sort of-
They had a dog running around the house
in a fancy apartment.
You know there was, Griffin?
Okay.
This isn't an ad.
Neither of you are doing the ads.
Okay, I'll read it here.
This ad is from Stitch Fix.
Everybody go to Amazon and buy the complete series of Frasier
and think about how all of them would be wearing
comfortable underpants.
He's right.
It says, Stitch Fix says right here,
don't talk about the clothes.
We're warning you, nerdlingers.
Just, we went deep.
It says we went, okay, we went deep on Frasier.
So deep.
God, we're ruined.
Why did we spend all the money we used,
we earned from bringing great style direct to people's doors
with their favorite clothing brands
and shipping out people's boxes of clothes and accessories
and we spent it all on Frasier, baby, and we're sunk.
It says here, we invested in Frasier,
which is not a thing we thought you could do with a TV show,
but we thought they were all about stylish, classy people.
So we thought, what better to associate ourselves with?
And only then did we find out it's not even running anymore.
It says here that to get started,
go to stitchfix.com slash my brother,
answer some questions about your preferred style
and your personal shopper will ship you
a box of clothes, shoes, and accessories.
And that Griffin on his last box kept five out of five things
because they really, really crushed it.
And then it says here that they just called the stock market
and started yelling, Frasier, Frasier, Frasier, Frasier
until they had shares of Frasier here.
And accidentally some of Brendan Frasier too,
but that's actually paying dividends now.
So that's what's going to keep them afloat here in 2020.
Oh, and it says here, shipping, exchanges, returns,
and Niles are always free.
So if you order the Frasier characters,
you get free Niles.
That's nice.
And a $20 styling fee is automatically applied
towards anything you keep from your box.
And a little bit of Roz's hair is going to be in there.
That's weird.
Wow.
Yeah, it is weird.
It says here they've been stockpiling Roz's hair,
genuine Roz's hair for decades, but get started today.
That is stitchfix.com slash my brother.
Stitchfix.com slash my brother.
You get an extra 25% off when you keep everything in your box,
including Niles, and you have to feed him.
You have to feed him.
You absolutely must feed him.
Don't feed him after midnight.
Let's say you're a clothing company that just made
the biggest mistake of your existence.
You're on the ropes.
The bank is on the phone.
They're going to come for everything.
You've got one chance to set it all right,
and that's to sell all of your copies of Frasier on DVD
at a premium price.
I wouldn't even know where to begin, Justin.
I know where you're going to begin.
You're going to begin at Squarespace.
Oh.
It's going to help you showcase your work
or your extensive collection of Frasier DVDs.
And humans and actors from Frasier.
And the sets, the prop replicas.
They can sell products and services of all kinds.
You can promote your physical or online business and more.
They've got beautiful templates created by world-class designers.
Everything's optimized for mobile right out of the box.
They've got analytics that can help you see
how many copies of Frasier you've sold so far.
And nothing to patch or upgrade ever.
They handle all that boring stuff for you.
So go to squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial.
And when you're ready to launch, use the offer code mybrother
to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.
This week on Bullseye, Lin-Manuel Miranda on His Dark Materials,
hip-hop, and life after Hamilton.
I know it's the first line of my obituary.
So if that line is handled, then what else can I do with my time here?
It's Bullseye for MaximumFun.org and NPR.
How about another question we've only done once?
What the fuck?
This is unlistenable.
I want a munch.
Squad.
I want to munch.
Squad.
Squad.
I'm sorry that allergies or what have you have kept me from-
Really squealing.
I just don't have much in me.
It's like a bassy, extreme more than words take on the munch squad theme song.
It's very depressing.
Now I'll tell you what's not depressing though.
The latest in Gravis and Quick Service dining.
This week's breaking news takes us to a doorstep.
I don't think we've darkened before, but it's one of my favorites
when I'm headed south, headed to the beach at Zaxby's.
Oh, never even heard that word said out loud.
It is both, I believe, a restaurant chain and potentially an alien species.
Yes, when I'm having a Zax attack, I see a doctor,
but he recommends to me usually that I should head into Zaxby's,
which is like a chicken place without the bigotry,
or at least they're better at cloaking.
I have no idea.
But Zaxby's has announced a promotional partnership with Sony Pictures
for its upcoming action adventure film.
Sorry?
Wait, what would you guess?
Chicken attack.
Chicken Sprint.
Chicken, Sony Pictures is making Chicken Sprint,
presumably a spiritual successor to Chicken Run.
Is that what you're suggesting?
No, I'm sorry, Justin, this is actually a prequel to Chicken Run.
The chicken is building up steam.
Griffin?
I mean, let me look at the list of films that this-
That will be too easy.
It's Jumanji, the next level.
Now see, I was gonna say perhaps Sex Tape 2,
or maybe Miracles from Heaven 2, or Goosebumps 3.
Zaxby's, the fast casual fan favorite.
God, these places have a lot of different ways of saying bad.
A lot of fun ways of saying not good.
We've got a cult following here at Zaxby's.
Yeah, this fast casual fan favorite for chicken fingers, wings, and salads.
Don't think so.
On the last one, I don't agree.
Launched its limited time Southwest Chipotle and Smokehouse Cheddar
BBQ Filet Sandwiches.
Can you imagine standing at a fucking register and they're like,
what will you have?
And I'll say, could I have the Southwest Chipotle BBQ Filet Sandwich, please?
It's embarrassing, they need numbers.
Is that the sandwich, Diane?
Because I don't see the connection.
Well, Travis, maybe it'll become more clear to you when you slurp down
an extra extra large Jumanji Citrus Fizz.
Huh.
I don't think if I was a family brand like Zaxby's,
I would make it so easy to say jizz accidentally in my restaurant.
You are basically begging for it.
Jumanji Citrus Fizz.
And here's the thing, there'll be a moment where you accidentally say like Fumanji
and like you'll keep talking, but your brain will be like, oh no.
Can I get a Fumanji?
Oh no, I'm about to say jizz.
I would stop talking.
Can I get a-
Your mouth, quit it, abort.
You're about to say jizz.
Oh boy, I would, I am parched.
I would love a Fumanji jizz mist.
Ah, beans.
Dang it.
Oh, you wanted a Fumanji jizz mist with beans?
Yeah, I may as well.
Yeah, we strive to give our guests exciting flavor options and our new Southwest Chipotle
and classic Smokehouse Cheddar BBQ sandwiches do just that,
says Zaxby's Chief Marketing Officer, Joel Bolger.
Don't you think that there should be a law where if you're going to put a quote
into a document, you must first say the phrase out loud with your human mouth,
or illegally it can't be written down as a quote.
Like Joel actually had to say out loud,
we strive to give our guests exciting flavor options and our new Southwest Chipotle
and classic Smokehouse Cheddar BBQ sandwiches do just that.
Joel then continues the great tradition of Munch Squad providers being defensive in their quotes.
He says, teaming up with Sony Pictures on Jumanji, the next level, just makes sense.
I don't know.
It's like they're doing a Jumanji and we got some new fucking sandwiches and some citrus jizz.
Damn it.
Damn it.
I did it again.
Now Justin, you haven't seen the first Jumanji, well the remake sequel.
I've tried several times.
I've tried several times to watch the second Jumanji.
But you have not reached the point where the rock just barrels that camera and says,
my God, it burns so much, my citrus jizz.
Get it out, get it out, please get it out of me.
What is this horrible curse?
A scorpion got me on my thingy thingy and it's a hot flaming hot Fumanji mist in there.
And I could really use some help here.
I'm going to jump off this cliff so I can respawn and get a new life where my pee pee
isn't like so full of scorpion venom.
I think the sandwiches are too much.
The Southwest Chipotle filet sandwich has hand breaded filet, pickled jalapenos,
pepper jack cheese, spicy chipotle aioli, fresh lettuce and tomato,
all served on a toasted potato bun.
Does that sound good?
I mean, it would rip me into pieces.
Does that sound like a last sandwich worthy of your last sandwich?
It would shred me up and scatter me over the fucking 2020 Democratic National Convention.
Like it would fuck me right up.
But OK, talk about self burns.
This press release by Zaxby's goes on to say these two hand breaded made to order
customizable chicken sandwich meals are fast, casual quality at quick service pace and pricing.
OK, OK.
Wow.
Wow, really?
Hey, listen, we ran for the top and this is like a sandwich you get at Applebee's, my man.
Like there's that right there.
Exactly.
Say like you could get that.
You eat this sandwich and be like, fuck, am I at Applebee's?
Is this at Chili's?
Because this is amazing.
This is fucking so good.
Customers looking for a movie themed drink may try the custom limited time Coca-Cola
freestyle Jumanji citrus fizz.
Also available in white.
Thank God.
Made with the Minute Maid orange and Seagram's ginger ale.
The beverage has a sparkling citrusy orange taste.
I wonder how they get it.
Is it maybe by mixing Minute Maid orange and ginger ale?
You just gave me the fucking recipe.
I'll do it at home.
This is so great because I was really craving a won't you be my neighbor Baja blast, but
it's really great that I don't have to wait for a movie themed drink.
The beverage has a sparkling citrusy orange taste that pairs with either of the new sandwiches.
Oh, the Seagram's ginger ale really helps to push the hard sandwich down my throat.
What an excellent pairing.
It's a perfect pairing.
I'm able to swallow it.
Guests are invited to enjoy the drink in a 42 ounce Jumanji the next level theme commemorative
cup.
I'm going to save this for ever.
You're coming home to live with me in a place of honor Jumanji cup.
Zaxby's broad audience base lines perfectly with the all audience appeal of Jumanji the
next level, but more importantly they strive for creative execution and have done it again
with the spots they created in collaboration with our film.
Says, silence.
I'm going to read this last name exactly as it's written and I don't want a single peep
to interrupt it.
Says Jeffrey, God sick.
God sick.
Munch squad did it.
God sick.
Help.
God, the God is sick.
Executive vice president of brand management and global partnerships for Sony Pictures
motion picture group.
The TV spots are clever and funny.
That's all Jeff's got left.
Jeff's got one thing left.
Hey, I want you to put my entire name and then my insane title and then I'll come back.
I'll spin back around like a one more thing.
The TV spots are clever and funny.
Oh, geez.
Okay, I don't know how much more of this I can take.
That's all of that.
So that's available now so you can go get that shit.
Okay, how about our second question?
I've always been a little insecure of my rather small vocabulary compared to my friends.
For 2019, I bought a word a day calendar with a new word definition to learn.
I'm assuming each day, not the same one over and over again.
I looked at it every day for about all three weeks and then I forgot about it even existing.
I still have it and I'm hesitant to throw it out since I paid real actually money for it
but it hasn't been touched for more than to move it from place to place since mid-January.
I could try it again for 2020 but it lists the day of the week as well as the date
and I wouldn't want to read my word a day calendar until I'd be at Sunday on a Monday
and end up not going into work.
What should I do with my word a day calendar?
That's from Rice M.
Or Reese.
Or Reese.
Probably Reese.
So let's see.
There's, as we're recording this, 10 divided by 41.
Let me do some quick math here.
Do you do math on your dog?
Yeah.
What the fuck?
Is your dog also a quackulator?
Yeah.
Okay, so this has just become an eight word a day calendar.
Okay.
No big deal.
Yeah, you can do that.
Eight words a day?
That's not bad.
You could do that.
Some of them you'll know.
Yes.
You gotta look forward to that.
Some of them you'll know.
You know they throw in a page every like couple weeks or so where it's like,
bus, take it easy today.
Bus is the long car that we all go in.
But then it's gonna get you right back into a long word.
Like hippopotamus.
Yes.
A tuffy.
A tuffy to work into casual conversation.
And yeah, hard day at work.
Hey Derek, yeah, it's like a real hippopotamus out there.
Yeah, did you guys see the bus this morning?
That was like eight hippopotamuses all stacked like end to end, right?
Big one.
Big ones.
Anyway, hypotenuse.
See ya.
Yeah, I mean, I would just start cranking.
I would just pull up to your bedside, just start cranking through.
You gotta see how it ends.
Yeah, I mean, there's probably a through line in there.
I feel like word of the day calendars is cheating though,
because you should just get some, you know, some big old books
and find the words in them like, you know, like old school style.
Like an old book that you don't know and you don't understand it.
And so you read it and cheat on the accelerated reader test on it.
And you pick up a few words from it that way.
I feel like that's a more organic, a more organic.
You pick up the words like treasure, an island.
I learned a lot of words from the accelerated reader test
for Red Badge of Courage, so.
Here's the thing though, Griffin.
I would argue that if this question asker does not have the time
to look at the calendar every day,
probably don't want time to read thick, thick, heavy, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, it's not the biggest book, but it is challenging.
Could you hire someone to yell a word at you every day
that you don't know, like they find you.
Why would they have to yell it?
Well, cause I just assumed that you'd be busy running to the next thing
and they would just like yell a big word at you as you ran by.
Pogritudinous.
That would be cool, except they wouldn't tell you what it means
and it would scare everyone around you and you wouldn't learn.
I just said the word pogritudinous, I don't know what it means.
I think it means beautiful.
Does it?
Cause it sounds kind of gross.
It's the grossest word, but I think it means beautiful.
I don't think you should take on projects like this.
Okay, I don't think you should do this.
We got a puzzle a day calendar last Christmas
and we had a thing where we were writing like a memory,
something that happened that day on the back of it
and then put it into a jar, right?
That's a lot of work.
And then it's like a lot of work, right?
And then it got to May and by the time it got to May,
like fucking life, you know, like life got in the way.
And it's like, what happened to us three weeks ago?
I don't know.
And now we've got this sad jar with like four months of memories
and I literally don't think I will have,
the idea is supposed to be at the end of the year,
you get them all out.
You're like, remember when?
But I don't think I'll have the fucking guts
to face this failed project come December.
I'm gonna look at it and just feel so hollow
about the months and months of unsaved memories.
It's too depressing.
That's why I just live in the moment
and then forget about it.
That's it, move on.
Here's some honest to gosh stuff.
Don't sweat your, you know, narrower vocabulary.
Sure, I know what the word pulchritudinous means.
Like I'm a real fucking mensa
just fucking balling out all the time.
Everyone thinks I'm so cool and smart.
But also that can be insufferable.
And so just don't sweat it, you do you.
Find the words, find the powerful words for you.
If you don't know pulchritudinous,
it's because you've already decided
that that's not a powerful word for you.
You could just say beautiful.
You could just say beautiful or hella pretty.
And that could be, that felt awful coming out of my mouth.
That felt like I just sort of produced slugs out of my tongue
but it might sound super cool coming out of your mouth
if you're like a badass skateboarder or something.
Find your power words.
And here's the thing.
Let me tell you, this is a little Travis McElroy top tip here
and I'm a little bit loathe to give the secret away.
But if someone uses a big word, like Griffin,
say that building is pulchritudinous.
That building is pulchritudinous.
Okay, yeah.
Like, oh, that's cool, I'm like not listening.
No, I'm just saying like you don't have to then like say,
like you don't have to use it in a sentence.
You're an adult.
If someone says something's pulchritudinous
and then you're like, I don't know what that means.
Like you don't have to apologize for that.
You don't even have to acknowledge it
if you don't want to.
You can just say like, okay, whatever.
Anyways, what do you want for lunch?
Like Travis, I know that you feel
like you're being helpful right now
but I assure you that you're not.
I don't know how you've lulled yourself
into a sense of feeling like this is good stuff
that you're coming up with right now, but you're not.
You're not helping.
Play it the other way, my big man.
You tell me a fancy word
and how you would deal with someone saying it to you.
And you give me a fancy word that I don't know.
Let's say I'm looking around Twitter here, not seeing any.
Okay, give me a second one.
Bupropion.
I'm just looking around my desk.
I'm just sort of shooting it off the cuff.
What's that mean?
Bupropion.
Well, if you take one tablet by mouth twice a day,
then it helps sort of the brain troubles the ghosts,
the sort of specters.
Yeah.
Thank you for sharing that with me.
I appreciate you taking the time to do that.
Okay, now do you think that, Griffin,
do you now think that I'm a normal human being
or a fucking sociopath?
I think probably more normal than what Travis.
Okay, that's kind of like a more normal thing.
I'm saying, you know what?
I've got confidence, boys.
I don't need to learn any of your stupid words, all right?
The other possibility is that you say,
oh, that building's so pulchritudinous.
And then you say, what does that mean?
And then they either say, oh, fuck, I don't know.
Or they say the wrong thing.
And congratulations, you've just wandered
into the most delectable scenario imaginable.
Oh, for real?
Oh, but you said it.
Wow, for real though?
Because you said it like a big old English professor.
Like a big smart Egbert, huh?
But you said it.
Shit, interesting.
That's not a power word.
That's a weakness word.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Yeah, I'd like that.
We'll do a quick one.
But this one is sent by Catherine.
It's by another anonymous Yahoo Answers user.
I'm gonna call him Jer-bear asks,
my dog jumped at an elderly man on a walk
and made him fall over.
I walked away quickly and didn't look back.
What will happen?
Oh no, wait, who?
Update, don't be funny, he's not dead.
I didn't hear any ambulance in my neighborhood that day.
Oh God.
I don't know exactly where he lives,
but I haven't seen him since.
Update, update three.
It's been three days, I'm all clear.
Thank God I got lucky.
What?
So what happened?
Sorry, I'll start over.
My dog did jump at an elderly man
on a walk and made him fall over.
Not great, not a great start.
Not great, not great.
I walked away quickly and didn't look back.
Not great, pretty not great.
What will happen?
But then three days have passed.
So quote, I'm all clear.
Smiley face emoticon.
Thank God I got lucky.
He's dead.
He's apparently dead.
I'm not being questioned in connection.
Listen, if we go that route,
it's gonna be hard to play in the space.
No ambulances were heard that day.
The question askers sold their dog up the river.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I told my dog not to jump on the old man.
I said, don't do it.
And he said, I'm gonna do it.
And I said, no, that's wrong.
Yeah, you could say that there was coins
floating above the old man
that your dog was just trying to get him.
And he got bonked.
And there's just no way around it.
The old man was cosplaying as his favorite character
from the upcoming smash hit movie, Cats.
And that made the dog angry
because he hadn't seen it yet
and it felt like it had been spoiled for him.
He's been trying to go in clean.
He's been trying to go into the theater pure.
And that's a shame
because boy, is that dog not gonna like that movie.
This is about a bunch of tall cats, folks.
He's thinking surely it can't be about cats.
Gotta be an ironic name.
They wouldn't be that.
Like they know there's dogs out here trying to see movies.
There's no way it's just about cats.
There's gotta be something we're missing.
How's that, has that old gearbox you got up
locked up in that skull work
that when your dog does jump up on the elderly man
and he does fall down, you just dip?
And don't look back.
The not looking back is also troubling, Travis.
Yeah, very troubling.
I would say what's gonna happen,
you're probably okay here.
I would hope that some sort of judgment,
be it divine or karmic or whatever, awaits you.
But you know what?
It's been three days.
Yeah.
It's probably fine.
But you know what?
The old man knows.
And does he?
Cause it seems like you played it off so well
by walking away.
Yeah, what was that wild dog by itself?
And loudly announcing whose dog is doing this?
Someone please come get this dog.
I see this dog is causing you issue.
I'll grab his leash and take him away.
Or you should, that's why you should always have
a fake mustache in your pocket
so you can walk away very quickly
and then come back with the fake mustache like,
hi, excuse me, is this dog causing you trouble?
Oh no, the dog has bound my wrist with this leash
and it's tugging me along
and I am waiting for him to make poopies and peepees.
I do love him very much.
I forget what I was doing.
I'm sorry about knocking you very over though, old man.
Do you need help?
Whoa, you jumped back up by yourself
cause you're very healthy
and there's nothing to be sad about in this question.
We're having fun in the space.
Here's what I'll just say.
Here's what I'll say.
All right, I'm just gonna say this.
Original Sid, the thing to remember is
there is Sid in this whole man's heart.
And he probably did deserve it
for something he did because all are fallible.
And fallible, it seems like, cause he did do that,
a big one, but he's okay so we can have fun with it.
It's not sad.
It is not sad.
We can't stress this enough.
This is not a sad situation.
Oh, it's from the old man.
Oh, when he fell down, he found $100 on the ground.
Cool.
Oh, that's great.
Oh, it says here, I'm really glad.
Wait, let me scroll down.
Oh, the dog knocked me down.
I'm healthier than I was before.
Huh, I adopted the dog as my son.
Oh shit, ring, ring, ring, ring.
Oh guys, hold on, I got a phone call.
Beep, hello.
Oh, okay.
Hey, it's me, the old dog man.
Hi, old dog man.
How are you feeling?
We're really worried about you.
We can't hear him.
Could you patch him in?
Hey, it's me, the old dog man.
Oh, hey.
Yep, just wanted to say that darn dog did knock me over
and I thought I was gonna go up
and hang out with Jesus and old Rebecca.
And I'll tell you about old Rebecca later.
We don't have that many Skype minutes.
But it's, I fell down right on my fucking sacral iliac
and popped it right back into place, didn't it?
Okay.
Look out, look out, tap dancing stage.
Cause dog man's coming.
Are you gonna perform as dog man?
Will that be your sort of stage identity?
And I'll tell y'all about all my sin.
The first act is him admitting all of his worldly sin.
So by the end of the first act, you're like,
someone please send this old man to the ground.
Dippy tap him all the way.
Goodbye, sin.
Someone please find a fucking dog,
some hero dog, and go please fucking end this old sinful man.
So this has been My Brother, My Brother, Me.
It's an advice show.
We're helping.
This has all helped, hasn't it?
Yep.
I'm glad we could help.
We, we're done touring for the year.
So this is normally where we tell you to come see us,
but we're not gonna be out and about, sadly.
Yeah, for a bit now.
We're taking a bit of a break as Travis and Teresa are expecting.
And so we're just gonna kind of chill on it for, yeah.
Just gonna chill on it for a little bit.
But thanks to everybody who came out.
We got a bunch of stuff at McElroy.family
that you can check out,
even if it's not tickets for our live sort of performances.
So, you know, new stuff every month, throwing them up.
Got candle lights merch in there.
If you want candle lights merch,
got candles and pins and there's no candles,
but there's pictures of candles,
pins, ornaments, all kinds of fun stuff.
Speaking of new stuff,
you can go to TheAdventureZoneComic.com
if you haven't already,
and pre-order The Adventure Zone Balanced Graphic Novel,
book three, coming out in July.
But you can pre-order it now
and then not have to worry about it again.
Thanks to John Roderick and The Long Winters
for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Great album, great tunes and great riffs on that one
and a super powerful chorus.
There's a few good choruses on there
and thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network
and check out all the shows on Maximum Fun,
like Beef and Dairy Network and Switchblade Sisters
and a whole lot more at MaximumFun.org.
And y'all want that final?
Yes.
Yes.
Here's the final Yahoo.
This one was sent in by Graham Roebuck.
Thanks, Graham.
It's Yahoo answers user Patty who says,
does anyone think the comedy bits on Pawn Stars is made up?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother.
May kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hey, it's Jesse Thorne.
We're very happy to announce that tickets for Max Fun Con 2020
will go on sale Friday, November 29th at 11 a.m. Pacific.
I also want to let you know this coming year,
Max Fun Con 2020 will be our last Max Fun Con
for the foreseeable future.
For 2020 and beyond, we're going to be looking for ways
to connect with more of you in person
and spread the spirit of Max Fun farther
than it's ever gone before.
In the meantime, if you want to join us
at the last Max Fun Con in Lake Arrowhead,
June 12th through the 14th,
you can find details at maxfuncon.com.
