The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, 30 under 30, media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
Here it is. This is season three of My Brother, My Brother, and Me, the podcast.
And I was I've been watching a lot of going back and like binging a lot of TV shows from,
you know, that like started in 2012 and getting current.
And I was thinking about it, and I think it's time that we had a character reset.
Who? Which one of the three of us? Because I've got so much. Actually, you know what?
But if we're able to volunteer, if this means shedding some of the lore or some of the vorlore
about ourselves and just sort of rebooting and maybe we can even bring in a new actor to play
30 under 30, media luminary, Griffin McElroy. I want you to know I'm already in talks with
Adam Scott. I am working with Adam Scott. That is such a good get.
It's such a good get. He plays kind of a cynical boy, I feel like,
in a lot of his shows, though. And I don't know that that's my brand. We need to tell him,
hey, maybe your brand's changing, Griffin. That's how a character reset works. For example,
I've always been the kind of like curmudgeonly one, a little bit of a stick in the mud,
a little bit of like, I take it way too seriously. And Justin's the sexpot.
Right. Always talking about fannies.
I would like to stay the elderly sexpot. Are you sure?
Yeah. Yes. I feel like I've just started to really inhabit my role as an elderly sexpot
and as a room-clean-hand style elderly sexpot. And I feel like I kind of want to stay there.
That's the anchor. That's the anchor of the show.
Yeah. I mean, do you want to go further with it, maybe?
Oh, yeah. Older and sexier.
Yeah. How old slash sexy do you feel comfortable playing and then go 10% beyond that?
So I'm currently a very sexual septuagenarian. I could be a very, very sexual octogenarian.
I would feel pretty uncomfortable with very, very, very sexual nonagenarian.
Well, what we could do is we could make it a storyline within the show where you age rapidly
and sex rapidly. I think the best thing we've done.
I'm getting hornier. Someone get me some iron pills. Why did I pick up this cursed stone?
I need calcium fascia to make my boner bone more better.
Could we start at 150 very, very, very, very, very horny and then kind of walk it back?
And I'm talking about almost a sort of bestial horniness, like an almost uncontrollable-
Where all of Justin's responses to things just become deep grunts.
One and a half centuries of just like,
and then we'll be like, we'll get some feedback. We'll get some one stars from folks like too
horny, too old and be like, all right.
No, no, no. And then we'll hit a point where it's like,
that's the right age, but maybe still a little too horny.
So then it'll be like, all right, walk back. Now I'm 60 and I'm just kind of horny.
And people will be like, I miss it a little bit though.
We'll figure it out. Split the diff.
Okay. So you're saying there's an exact age and an exact horniness.
The sex Y axis where they meet. That's what we're looking for.
Thank you. Yes. Yes. Yeah, I'll work on it.
I feel like that should be in private more than in a public sort of forum like this.
Is that fair to say?
Yeah. I wonder also the etymology of the word sex pot.
Were those in medieval times where people fucking boning down on pots?
It's just like a big pot of sex.
Yikes. Were people getting in it to do sex or were they doing sex to the pot?
Fill it up with some sort of good feeling wax.
They could just sort of make their own and explore the wax.
All of the above.
All right. And some of the below, if you know what I mean.
So I'm still me, but older and sexier.
Travis, what's going on with your character?
You know, I was a curmudgeon, a stick in the mud, not having any fun,
but I thought what if I instead took that in the direction of maybe I'm actually just a little doofy and maybe also a werewolf.
Clean shaven, Travis. Maybe you take a turn being the youngest one.
And then I'll get replaced by Bam Margera.
Okay.
I'm sorry. What was Adam Scott doing?
He was going to be me, but then Bam came in and gave you the best performance audition of his fucking life.
And so he's going to be me and he's going to do at least three stunts an episode like,
okay, I have this hot coffee right here.
Uh-oh, it spilled it.
Okay, I'm going to stick with Adam Scott for now.
Okay, but Bam can do his stunts.
I've seen how Bam treated his father and his uncle and he's very cruel to those old men.
And I don't want someone like that around me because I'm going to be so old and so sexual
that I feel like it's going to be a very juicy target for Bam.
Can we get Adam Scott in the mix, but call him Slam Margera
and just have Adam Scott do stunts, hit our dad, and spill coffee all over us?
I don't want anyone to hit our dad.
Yeah, you seem very hung up on this one key aspect of the show.
It's just, there was a zeitgeist, cultural zeitgeist, of the Jackass crew.
And the Jackass crew's John Knox was like, what's up?
Today, I'm just going to get hit by a fucking car.
And everybody's like, yes, yes, we love this.
And somebody, Pontius came in and was like,
hey, this time I'm going to just jump off the building.
Pontius Pilate is going to, this time I'm going to rule on Christ.
Do you want me to get Barabbas?
Do you want Christ or Barabbas?
Christ or Barabbas, make up your mind.
Christ or Barabbas, make up your pick.
Also, do you want me to slam myself in the nuts with a huge monkey's fist knot?
Okay, fine.
Like sailors do.
All right.
And then Bilbo would come in and he was like,
I'm going to just smoke a bunch of weed and maybe stable my nut sack.
Okay, what?
I couldn't remember the guy's actual, what is it?
Stevo, not Bilbo.
That's it.
Okay, yeah.
And then we were all loving it.
Bilbo would come in.
No, Bilbo is like so on point, Travis.
That's like next level.
How has no one asked Stevo if he knows Bilbo yet?
That's like prime territory.
We had like wild man come in and he'd like put his wiener in a fire truck ladder
and like all these stunts, right?
Stunts, stunts, stunts, unbelievable stunts.
Then Bam shows up and people like, all right, what do you got?
He's like, I'm going to slap my dad's belly while he's asleep.
And it's like, that's the, wait, huh?
Why?
That's the stunt?
Do you think the other jackasses were ever like,
and today I got a good stunt, I'm going to slap Bam's dad's belly.
And Bam would be like, actually, that's way out of line.
That's my fucking dad, dude.
That's my fucking dad, man.
What are you?
That's my blood.
That's my blood in my belly.
Johnny, you know we're brothers, but that's my dad.
Maybe they should do a new jackass where they just do things
that terrify people our age.
Like, this week on Jackass, I'm pulling all the money out
of my 401k before I'm 59 and a half.
Going to be a huge tax penalty.
Check it out.
This week on Jackass, I'm going to call the customer help line
for an airline and see if they can move my ticket to a different day.
This week on Jackass, I'm just going to go to a music festival
and there's going to be a lot of people there.
Actually, that would be very, at this point in my life,
if someone's like, dude, pack it up, we're going to Coachella,
I would just scream like a rabid raccoon,
just screaming, clawing at the walls.
And they could fuse, they could fuse, they could fuse.
Adam and Bam fuse like Steven Universe in the slam Margera.
Or we could just make it like the Olsen twins
where they would alternate, but you'd never know which one was which.
And then Justin is like,
Justin is anywhere between 60 and 150
and anywhere between very horny and very, very, very, very, very horny.
Okay, yes.
But I have a request.
I would like my role to be portrayed by host of the gong show, Tommy Maitland.
I'd like him to take over for me.
I think he's very multi-talented.
Not Mike Myers.
Oh, we could never get Mike Myers.
But Tommy Maitland as Justin McElroy,
I think would be, there's got to be an off-season for the gong show.
Sure.
All right, let's do it.
401, countdown, countdown to 420.
Lots of buzz about the 420 episode.
Y'all, we don't know anything.
We got nothing planned.
Do you know how lucky we got that the timing of the Margaritaville thing
was close enough to episode 400
that it could look like we planned something for episode 400?
Yes, exactly.
Oh, also, it's a max fun drive.
10 out of 10, should have mentioned that before.
It's a very special time of year where we ask you,
if you enjoy our show or many of our shows,
consider supporting us with a regular donation.
You can go to maximumfund.org slash donate and find out more,
see what kind of gifts you can get at the different pledge levels.
And we're going to talk more about those gifts
and talk more about the drive.
But it's a special time of year for us.
We love being a part of this network
and we appreciate all the support you've given us in the past.
We're trying to get to 25,000 new and upgrading members
and we need your help to get there.
So if you like our shows and you have the means,
please think about supporting us with a donation
at maximumfund.org slash donate.
Thank you in advance for your support, by the way.
But right now we've wasted enough of your fucking precious time
with panhandling and the jackass stuff, all of it.
Our jackassery.
Our jackassery.
Let's get into some advice.
Yesterday, someone from...
I got three words in, y'all.
Yeah, it's not like you skipped one.
You added a word.
Yesterday, someone was wandering around the office that I work in.
Yikes and wowsers.
Justin, prepositions are really not doing it for you today.
There are some typographical issues that I'm trying to do.
There are.
Yesterday, someone was wandering around the office that I work in
in a monkey costume.
See, there was a missing in.
No, that I work at in a monkey costume.
In a monkey costume, making monkey noises
and it scared the shit out of me.
I was told later that I need to...
You know what it is?
What?
Can I say something?
This is not a joke.
I'm gonna have to do this right here on the show.
I have to increase my font size.
Oh, you're getting older before our very eyes.
I'm aging.
Now are you getting hornier?
Oh, yes.
I knew it.
This isn't right.
I shall find no relief here on this podcast I make with my brothers.
This is a terrible scenario.
You know what folks love, a nice big juicy font.
Yesterday, someone was wandering around the office that I work in
in a monkey costume, making monkey noises
and it scared the shit out of me.
I was told later that this person was in fact our company's CEO
and he does this every year
during our company-wide free throw competition.
You can't sneak that up on me.
You want your bonus this year?
All right, let's see how you do.
Let's see if you got the help of that Taco Neck Syndrome.
And that's my main sort of basketball reference
is of course a Taco Bell commercial with Taco Neck Syndrome.
I did not receive an explanation from my coworkers
as to why he does this.
Now, when they say why he does this,
do they mean run around in a monkey costume
or hold a free throw competition for the employees?
I would say column A with a souson of column B.
The issue is that I now have a perfectly reasonable fear
of this monkey suit and do not know how to respond to this.
How I extract myself from the situation next year
and avoid the fear of death that this display inspires within me
and that's from Scared and Confused in Denver.
Okay, one, you work on the TV show The Office
and the terrifying thing about that
is it was canceled several years ago.
So you are actually kind of a prisoner,
an interdimensional prisoner who is larping
or you're larping as the office.
Can we all agree that the CEO owned this monkey suit
prior to any kind of free throw competition happening
and when the free throw competition started up
or maybe the CEO even started the free throw competition
as an excuse to wear the monkey suit that they already owned.
You're gonna look for any opportunity.
When all you've got is a monkey suit,
everything looks like a free throw competition.
Yes, we've always, that's the adage.
I feel like different entertainment mediums
have tried to get a fear of monkeys rapes going in me
for three years and decades.
And they just haven't succeeded like King Kong.
The big monster's here, what is it, a big ape?
That's fine, I'm not so scared of that I think.
Uh oh, Rampage, what's the rock gonna do
to get out of this sticky mess?
There's a big, big ape.
Well, it's just a big ape, Kongo.
They're coming, the big apes.
Are there dinosaurs too?
No, just big apes.
Like are there murderers in there too?
Nope, just the big, just big gorillas.
I'm not very afraid of that for some reason.
Okay, the ape that you're discussing in Rampage
is several dozen stories tall.
So you're saying, you're telling me,
if you saw a 200 foot giant gorilla coming at,
and they're the same as apes, everybody,
you saw a 200 foot giant gorilla running at you,
you would just be like, mm, sorry.
I'm not saying they're not dangerous.
I'm just saying you're not afraid of them.
Not, yeah, no.
But they are dangerous, you're just not afraid of them.
No, this is a big question, right?
Is the monkey costume comical or realistic?
Because if it's comical, I don't think about,
but if I turned around in an office setting,
a gorilla that I actually don't think I would be
as scared about seeing in the wild, right?
But if I turned around and saw a gorilla in my office,
that might instill in me a bone deep lifelong fear.
No, because it's a costume.
One of my proudest achievements.
I got scared of a werewolf once,
and I'm still afraid of werewolves, Justin.
Yes, but for me, one of my proudest achievements
in life is I've never been fooled by a gorilla costume, ever.
Not once, not for a second.
Happens to people on prank shows literally all the time.
Never happened to me.
So I wouldn't have a fear of this.
I need to drill down on something though,
and I think it's important to this question maybe,
but it's important to me definitely.
You say that your boss does this every year
during the free throw competition.
And then you say, how can I avoid being scared
like this next year?
But in the question itself, you make no mention
of being involved in a free throw competition.
It's like a wild reverse Chekhov's gun,
where like if the gun just emerged
from somebody's belly button, and it's like,
well, nobody's ever mentioned a gun before,
and there's just like suddenly a gun.
It seems very strange to me that you would not include
the context of free throw competition
in the initial question.
It's a mental association you're saying.
You're not afraid of the monkey costume.
You're afraid of how bad you're just gonna brick one up
there in the paint in this competition,
and you have associated that fear with the big monkey.
I can understand that.
I get it.
I'd feel the same way for sure.
Oh, hell yeah.
I'm thinking about my gorilla courage now.
I think it's because of the gorilla on the front of the box
for Gorilla Munch, the Enviro Kids organic cereal.
I don't know if y'all have ever seen this gorilla,
but he's looking at a bowl of this cereal
and there's some strawberries in it
and there's a little banner letting you know
it is gluten-free and I'm sure the gorilla appreciates that.
And he just looks so chill and so happy
to just be close to this cereal.
And I think when I see the Rampage monster,
I see the King Kong, I see the Congo ones.
I just think of this gorilla and I'm like,
we have more in common than we have
that separates us, little guy.
Yeah, I guess that's beautiful.
Yeah, so I guess we helped that one.
How's the Yahoo?
How's the Yahoo?
A lot of people sent this one in.
It's from an anonymous Yahoo Answers user,
but I'm gonna call them Coco the gorilla.
Type this in on the keyboard.
Says, has anybody had sex in space
to see if conception works in space?
I did a little bit of cursory Googling.
In space, your blood pressure gets low.
And so, for those of us for whom a boner
is an important part of the sexual process,
I think we'd just be plumb out of luck
without the help of some sort of special space belt,
some sort of belt that these NASA scientists are working up.
You know they're deep in their labs,
like we gotta come up with a special belt.
But I don't think they cracked that one yet,
and so that's off the table.
And I'm sure I don't want to be normative.
There's lots of other options, right?
But I also think like it's pretty small up there
on like a ship, on this ISS, shuttle missions, no way.
It's the size of like a jet, right?
And that's a tough job to get some privacy up there
unless everybody's nasty.
And that's a lot to ask for a full flight crew.
Hey, hey, hey, you get up there.
Woo, launch went okay.
Wow, that was scary.
We went so fast.
We're like, okay, we're gonna get up there.
Fast, we're like 70 miles above the surface of the Earth.
And that's kind of wild to think about.
Wow, look at the space.
I'm getting kind of existentially freaked out.
Is everyone cool with like just doing it?
You don't have to participate, but I'm going to,
and you'll be close.
And there's no way to vent the stink.
There's no way.
Now, I did some quick Googling.
There have been, and not that sex should be relegated
to just married couples,
but there has been a married couple
that traveled together in space.
Yes.
So, I mean, maybe they did it,
but here's the thing, let's broaden our definition.
That's very scientific, Travis.
I have a theory with evidence and that is maybe they did it.
They would have like, but okay.
What about hand stuff?
They would have to tell Houston.
I think they would have to tell Houston for science.
I think they would make it sexier not to tell Houston.
I don't know if they did or not,
but you know, when they got picked for the MISH,
there was some nasty boys and girls in Houston
who were like, so for scientific purposes,
while y'all up there, are you gonna,
oh, you know, don't make me say it.
Oh gosh, are you gonna space?
What's a good way, what's a good science way to put it?
Are you gonna copulate?
I asked them, Valerie, I asked them.
I did it.
He's just staring at me.
Give me my $5.
You said I wouldn't, but I did it.
I did it.
You think there's one idiot in Houston
where like every time they go off mic,
he's like, y'all gonna go boned?
Like, no, no, Derek, we're not.
For the last fucking time,
we're gonna get out and get some moss.
No, Derek, here's what I know
about space missions and science research.
We have done the most specific shit up there.
I'm talking about fucking astronauts going up there,
chilling on the ISS for a hundred years
so they got a lot of time on their hands
and they're getting science missions from Houston
and they're like, what's on the docket today, Houston?
And Houston's like, oh, you're gonna take this donut
we sent up with you and spin it real fast
so we see what happens when you spin a donut real fast
because we've done everything else.
If we're there, are you telling me
that we haven't been at least a little bit curious
about like if we traveled into space and went into the stars,
if like making love would even be possible?
That's the thing, right?
Because if you're an astronaut, right?
You're, listen, science, exploration, blah, blah, blah.
But your dream is to be the first person
to do blank in space, right?
Like that's why you become, let's be honest,
that's why you became an astronaut.
You wanted to be the first person to do blank in space.
And I guarantee, listen, we all humans,
I guarantee someone has filled in that blank.
You know what I mean?
I don't think that's necessarily true, Travis.
I don't think that's true, my bud.
The suits are very heavy.
Like they're just super heavy
and the monitoring is unparalleled.
I do not think these people have a few minutes to,
like we sent you to space.
Like please focus on science for a second.
Unless you're like one of the people in the ISS
who's of course sent there to live out their days
and their return.
It's space prison.
You are sent there when you do astronaut crime
and it's a great place I think to work out your sentence.
But it is, it's-
Living on the ISS does increase your chances
of meeting the doctor.
I mean, just like-
That's true.
Where is he more likely to show up?
Or they, excuse me,
where are they more likely to show up?
On the space station.
Here's another question.
Also, when you nut and push you backwards,
how's that supposed to work?
Go ahead, Justin.
I said my thing about when you nut, it pushes you backwards.
Look at this script.
Did we get a clean take though?
Could we get a couple different reads on that one?
Yeah, sure.
Well, when you nut, it push you backwards.
I don't know, y'all.
I don't know.
I don't know, y'all.
When you nut, wouldn't it push you backwards?
That's what I think from my own twisted skewed vision.
Now, Griffin, could you give us one,
like even you're nervous about saying it,
like even you're unsure it's an okay thing to say?
Yeah, sure.
When you nut, nevermind.
That was good.
It pushed you backwards.
Matt, could you give us one, like a really nerdy scientist?
Let me like the test out.
I have a theory that when you nut, it push you backward.
Oh, you sounded so much like dad for a second.
Yeah, it's actually scared me coming out of me.
Yeah, I hated that.
I can do one as our dad if you want.
Yeah, do one as our dad.
Well, when you nut, it push you backwards.
The worst.
I work for a company where my co-workers travel
or work remotely so much.
Master Bruce, when you nut, it push you backwards.
So that was my cocaine.
So we can be pushed backwards.
Look outside the window of the space station.
There's no stars.
Why?
Because they're all in here in this recording booth
with Griffin, the master of impressions.
Speaking of impressions, when I was watching Shape of Water,
I don't know if you guys ever think this,
and not with this specific person,
but I thought for about 15 minutes while watching it
that I had a Michael Shannon.
And it was like I wanted to nurture it and nestle it
and kind of grow it, but by the end of the film,
it was gone from me.
I didn't have a Michael Shannon anymore.
I thought I had one, and it felt good.
It felt like a good part of the repertoire,
maybe not the most instantly recognizable,
but still something.
And then it left me, and I just wanted to share the loss.
Did you think about the time that we saw Michael Shannon?
We went out for drinks with Lynn.
I don't know if this is okay to tell this story on the show,
but we were having drinks and then all of a sudden
there was Julia Roberts, and she was standing at her-
It was not there for this.
Oh, okay.
It was not there for this one.
Julia Roberts came to our table and just said hi,
and we all said hi back.
And there was a moment of just like,
should we be greeting a person?
Should we shake her hand?
But it never came up because there was sort of just a vibe
that we're not supposed to touch Julia Roberts.
Not allowed to, definitely shouldn't.
And then I think we ran into Matthew Broderick
and Nathan Lane, and at that point I was like,
I have to get the fuck out of here.
I'm having full blown escape to Margaritaville,
red carpet, panic, I need to go.
And we were walking out and there was Michael Shannon
by the door.
And he walked up to Griffin and he was like,
hey, you seem nervous, are you okay?
That's not bad.
But I saw him and I just bolted.
I was just like, can't, can't, too much, too many.
Come back, that sounds like a lot.
Justin, is Michael Shannon here with us now?
Can we speak?
Let me see who's in here.
Bring me the fish man.
Can you say, oh, you know what would be a fun thing
to hear Michael say, Mr. Shannon?
Okay, I got it, no, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it.
When you nut in space it, push backwards.
Now Griffin, could you give me a reading of that
as Vincent D'Onofrio for Men in Black?
Could I do one as the fish man instead?
Oh, yes, yeah.
I want to do this question.
I do want to briefly apologize for the secondhand panic
that we saw so many people tweet about
listening to our episode 400 of the show.
Like there was some legit, like we triggered
some legit brutal anxiety reactions.
I have not been able to listen to it since we recorded it.
So I get it.
If you finish it, there's an arc of triumph there.
There's an arc de triumph.
It is very, it is a tale of overcoming the fears
that live in all of us.
And when I say all of us, I mean the three of us
and you at home listening.
It's all about overcoming your fears
until eventually you get dunked on real hard by Al Roker.
All right, we're gonna do this question.
Thank you, another thanks, by the way, ancillary thanks
for everybody who tweeted about Al Roker
or letting him know about Roker Poker.
That makes me feel good and not scared for my like career.
So cool and great.
Cool, great.
And again, apologies to Mary Lou Hinder.
I work for a company where my coworkers travel
or work remotely so much
that I'm often the only one in the office.
My job requires my physical presence.
So I'm wondering how can I take best advantage
of having this big downtown office all to myself?
Keep in mind, a coworker could show up at any moment.
That's from Unsupervised in Seattle.
You know, I used to be in this scenario.
When I was a disc jockey, a board operator technically
for the radio station over the weekends,
I would go in on the weekends and like literally
you're just a human being there
to make sure Brad Paisley keeps coming
and that there's no silence.
No, I'm sorry.
And when he does, he's like pushing backwards.
And I got too deep down the rabbit hole.
I ended up like bringing in my PlayStation 2
and hooking it up to the TV
and getting myself a whole little game station
and then people would come in and I'd have to look at him
and just like, listen, I'm busted.
You got me.
This is what I do.
You've got me.
So it has to look like work, I guess is what I'm saying.
Or be able to feasibly look like you're working.
They didn't cover if they have to work.
Like how much, you know, like everybody's got a job
that has a job, but do you have to work the whole time
or could you do your job in like half of the time?
You know, season one and two curmudgeonly Travis would say,
here's how you fill the time, you do your job.
But here's what season three Travis is gonna say.
Maybe every day you switch your desk with someone else's.
And I mean, everything in it, everything on top of it, right?
And then you just keep doing that every day
until everybody's desk is in a different place in the office.
Oh, fun.
Right?
I love these fucking pranks.
People come in and they're like, oh, oh yeah,
no, I guess I was over here.
And that's for you.
Videos of office pranks is my absolute best videos
that I can find putting post-it notes all over somebody's shit
or like flushing somebody's pictures of their family
down the toilet or selling all the computers
in the office for drugs.
Like pranks is my best.
That was my least favorite episode of The Office, by the way,
when Jim sold all the computers for drugs.
Yeah.
My good video on the phone is, I did Facebook today
and there was a video of a woman who yelled at a bear
to tell the bear to go away and was mean to the bear
and then said, I'm gonna spray you with pepper spray.
And then she pepper sprayed the bear
and then the bear destroyed her kayak as she watched
and begged the bear to stop, even though she was so mean.
The bear to stop, even though she was being mean to the bear
and she deserved it.
And then the bear destroyed her kayak
and she screamed at the bear.
Travis, what's your good video?
But I do want to point out why she posts that, lady.
Hey lady, your kayak got wrecked and you were mean to a bear
and you were like, save, post to Facebook.
I don't understand.
I just like the ones where like the kids behave like adults
and they like where kid talks and it's like,
you understand English.
Kids, kid driving on the highway.
Yeah, kid paying taxes.
Yeah, I love it.
I like the ones that are kids reacting to things
that I knew about, but they don't know about it
because I'm gonna die before they know.
Those drive me.
And they say it like, who is this?
This is the ape Donkey Kong.
I hate his barrels.
Justin will die before me.
And they say that every day.
Every one of them.
Love that.
Who is this?
This is looking at a Game Boy and they're like,
who could ever love this?
Probably someone who's gonna die before me.
If you know what this is, you're gonna die before I will.
Who is this music?
I don't like it.
Bel Biv Devo, I don't even know who that is.
Justin, your days are numbered.
I will live forever.
I want them to do videos like that
where they have like college kids who are like,
who did Nirvana?
But then next to the camera pans over
and there's like a three-year-old is like,
what is Snapchat?
And then at the same time the college student's like,
oh fuck, it's a circle, huh?
It's like a circle?
Got it.
Perfect.
I would like to see a version of that video
where it's me reacting to things that did happen
while I was also in high school
but I just was never privy to them
because I wasn't cool enough.
When it's like they play music that was popular in like 1996
and I'm like, I don't know what this is.
I do not know what this is.
Boy, we really got away from that question
but that happens sometimes here
on My Brother, My Brother and Me
and that's the kind of like twisted, again,
South Park humor that we ask you
to maybe think about supporting the show
with a donation by joining the MaxFun support circle.
Real quick.
You can go to maximumfun.org slash donate
and find out all the hot deets on that.
Let me tell you how it works.
So it works like this.
You go to maximumfun.org slash donate.
Then you pick a level that you are able to afford every month
and listen, that's important.
We know sometimes the spirit can move you
and you know what?
Sometimes you pick an aspirational level.
Don't do that.
We don't want you to do that.
We want you to pick a level you can afford
and it starts at just $5 a month.
You pick that level and then you pick which shows you listen to
and that is where your money goes.
MaxFun takes a small percentage to cover their overhead costs
but mostly you are directly supporting the shows
and the hosts that you love.
It's, I don't know of another system
that works exactly like this.
I mean, there's probably some crowdfunding ones.
But literally any sort of pledge based public radio system
works pretty close to this.
Justin, $5 a month.
Somebody joins us at that level.
What are they gonna get?
You're gonna get, I believe it's over 100 hours
of bonus content.
I actually calculated it this year.
I think it's like more like 125.
So like we're talking five days of bonus content for you to enjoy.
And that's from all the shows on the network throughout time.
So there's bonus MBMBAMs in there.
This year we did all our old great segments
like what would you even do if and monthly observances.
We got lots of bonus MBMBAMs on there.
This is our eighth year doing this.
But then there's bonus JJGOs.
There's bonus AdventureZones.
There's bonus Schmaners.
There's bonus everything.
Bonus Jonas.
Bonus Jonas is in there.
There's an AdventureZone, by the way.
Well, the one we did this year is really fun.
It's for Sherlock Holmes and a vampire
that is one of the aforementioned Sherlock Holmes.
The Justin DM that was really fun.
But there's also AdventureZone Nights,
an arc with characters that you can only hear
in the bonus content,
including special guest Lin-Manuel Miranda
playing Dungeons and Dragons with us,
I believe for the only time in his entire life.
Right, so $10 a month.
You're gonna get everything at the lower,
every time you step up,
you get everything in the lower level.
So at $10 a month, you get the bonus content
and you get a drive exclusive enamel pin
designed by Megan Lynn Cott.
We did this last year.
This year there's new designs for all the Max Fun shows
and you get to pick your favorite when you make the donation
and you get a Max Fun membership card.
The pin for us this year is based on our battle cry,
stronger together.
You can see it at maximumfun.org.donate
when you become a member.
It is powerful and it lets people know
sort of what you're all about.
And I believe I've seen some people talking about like,
oh, I can't choose between the pins.
If we hit our goal of 25,000 new and upgrading donors,
they will make pins available for purchase
for whoever wants them.
For people who donate at the $10 per month level.
Travis, $20 per month.
At $20 per month, you're gonna get the bonus content,
you're gonna get the pin,
but you're also gonna get the Max Fun family cookbook,
which is lovingly curated with recipes for Max Fun hosts,
anywhere from cocktails to desserts
and everywhere in between.
And also included in that,
you're gonna get a set of space themed cookie cutters
for you to use while I guess you make cocktails, you know.
Justin put in a recipe from our mom's chest bars
that were very, very, very tasty.
Dad apparently let us know that the recipe
for spaghetti-geddon, spaghetti-geddon is in the book.
Rachel put in her chili recipe
that we've talked about on Wonderful before.
So we got a lot of stuff in there
that you're gonna really, really get down on.
If you wanna make a like podcast comedy magic,
you gotta eat the spaghetti.
It is not as funny as you remember it.
So we have higher levels too.
If you have the means and you wanna go in
on those higher levels, we sure do appreciate you.
But really we don't care what level you donate at.
All that we care about is that you show your support
in whatever capacity you are able to show it.
It means a lot to us.
It helps support us and the network.
It has helped us turn this into a career.
This is Travis's full-time job.
This is what allowed dad to retire from the radio station.
The radio station last year
where he was working really bonkers hours
and was kind of unhappy.
And now he's just doing this full-time.
Now he's just doing Adventure Zone full-time.
And let me also be clear.
That's really amazing.
This is my only full-time job, but Justin and Griffin,
I mean, even though you also work at Polygon,
this is also full-time jobs for you.
I mean, between recording this show,
putting the Yahoos together and putting questions together
and Adventure Zone and editing Adventure Zone
and Justin doing Sawbones,
like we are all podcasting full-time at this point
and the reason for that.
Yes.
I'm not allowed to stop.
Yeah, ever.
No, it's important because I will say that not only,
listen, I would be lying if I said
the money didn't help make this a full-time job.
That is how jobs work.
But more than that,
it is knowing how much this matters to people,
directly seeing people every year tweet like,
I supported NBNB AM because I love it, right?
That lets us know, think about it this way.
We've been doing it eight years and we have 400 episodes,
which averages out to like 50 episodes a year.
So we aren't missing episodes when we can help it.
And the reason is we know how important it is to people.
We know that this show matters.
So we make it a priority.
We treat it like a job and that's important.
And it's a two-way street because when you donate,
you know that you have helped support the show.
Every time you listen to it from that point on,
you will know that you're part of the supporting team
and that's cool for you also,
as well as receiving these great gifts.
So maximumfund.orgs.donate.
Pick the level that's right for you.
Pick the shows that you listen to,
where you want your money to go.
And thank you all so, so, so much.
I wanna say two more quick things before we move on.
And that is it's important to note
that the goal is not just new donors.
It's also upgrading donors.
So if you've been a member before, thank you so much.
Can't say thank you enough.
But if you started listening to more shows over the year
and we have added a whole bunch of new shows
or maybe just the shows that you listen to
have filled an even more important part of your life,
then maybe think about it's time to move from five to 10
or 10 to 20 or whatever you wanna do.
And also, we also understand
that not everybody can afford it.
We totally get that.
That is very reasonable and we don't begrudge that at all.
But you can still help by going on social media
and spreading the word saying like,
hey, it's hashtag Max Fund Drive.
Make sure you go to maximumfund.orgs.donate
and consider supporting the shows you love.
That helps, that means the world to us.
So just there's so many ways you can help
and we really appreciate it.
How about a Yahoo?
Do it, coward.
Okay.
This one's sent by Morgan Davey.
Keep it wavy, Morgan Davey, it's Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
I refuse, I refuse.
You have an avatar, you've gotta have a name.
You gotta have a fucking name.
Shit.
What?
It just won't load.
I'll call him Braxton.
Okay, for a second, Griffin,
I thought you were saying I'll call them.
Okay.
I'll call him, hold on.
Hey, who's this?
Yahoo weirdo, what's your name?
Braxton?
Great.
Braxton asks, Billy Joel costume?
I am doing a report as Billy Joel.
We're gonna get the fuck into that
before we get into the rest of the question, but okay.
I have to give a speech and dress up like Billy.
If I, you, would have any good suggestions
for what I could wear, that'd be great, thanks.
Okay.
What is the Billy Joel report that you're giving?
Is it a history class and you're doing like,
oh, we didn't start the fire and it's just like,
George Washington was the first president.
He did his best and he had wooden teeth.
Hey.
Or maybe it's a report on Billy Joel as Billy Joel.
Like you're Hal Holbrook of Billy Joel.
I love it.
Sir, this is US history.
Yeah, Billy Joel made US history
when he released his great album.
I was born in Allentown, Pennsylvania.
And one thing I know about me is I didn't start any fires.
The year was 1889.
I fell in love with an uptown girl.
Billy Joel costume.
What's gonna Billy Joel get across?
I remember when I was born and for the longest time,
I was a baby.
All right.
But Travis is sort of writing the report for them,
which is gonna be a very helpful sort of thing
when they listen to this episode,
but they're not gonna know what to wear to be Billy Joel.
Is a t-shirt that you have written,
I am Billy Joel on it, out of the question.
Hey, which Billy?
There's a lot of different Billys.
Nowadays, you're gonna go with kind of a black jacket,
black pants, black t-shirt,
black sunglasses, shaved head kind of Billy.
Now, if you wanna go back to the days,
get yourself some-
White wall tires.
Yes, white wall tires, so like big shoes.
See like Billy was into big shoes
and he kind of rolled up packs of cigarettes in his sleeves
and he had acid wash jeans, which were huge.
The still rock and roll to me look is very good.
It's like a bright reddish orange jacket,
white tie, black shirt, and just gigantic hair.
Just the biggest, poofiest, very, very big hair.
We could go early 90s, big colorful windbreaker,
hyper color tank top, JNCO shorts,
and sort of Birkenstock sandals.
And that's when he was like,
y'all remember that short period
where he had his own little sort of like musical alter ego
of max cool jazz?
So you could do the very short sort of max cool jazz phase
and that could be like a fun way of covering it.
My favorite part of the max cool jazz phase
is when the neighborhood kids would be like,
hey mister, what's the max stand for?
And he'd look at me with lower sunglasses
and he'd say, maximum.
And then they would know that he was playing cool jazz
to the very limit of the art form.
That's the coolest jazz we've ever heard.
So show up in your max cool jazz cosplay
and bring out your theremin, which people will be like,
he'd be on the stage and they'd be like, piano man!
And he'd be like, I don't have my piano.
I don't have my piano.
I'm the theremin man now, or thereman.
I'm the theremin man, max cool jazz.
And here's my new song, Space Aliens
is the name of my new song, here it goes.
Is there a question mark at the end of that, Griffin?
It's more of like a surprise.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, so I think really the iconic for me
is the black jacket, black shirt,
black pants, shaved head, sunglasses.
Maybe you have like a, but that,
people might think that you're like a cool hit man,
which is aesthetic.
And so I think you need even more.
Maybe you have a small piano that you bring out there
with you just so people know.
What if you built a diorama that you stood in
that demonstrated you walking by the river of dreams, right?
And it was like, oh, okay, clearly
that's the river of dreams.
And you're walking by it.
Yes, we can do this.
All, Deb, all black, shaved head, loving it.
You walk into the classroom soaking wet.
Just douse yourself in the bathroom.
And also you're carrying a big plate of spaghetti.
And people will be like, what?
And you'll be like, looks like I fell into the river of dreams
while on my way to the scenes from Italian restaurant.
Oh yeah, walk into your classroom and say,
who wants some red and who wants some white?
And just start pouring some wine for your classmates.
For your high school class and that's good.
And, but I'll tell you what, you walk in that class
dressed up like Billy Joel, soaking wet
with a plate of spaghetti.
People will be like, that's Billy Joel.
You fell in the river of dreams on his way to the river,
on the way to the Italian restaurant.
I know what you're doing.
That's Dr. William Joel if I've ever seen him.
I'm trying to have fun with you guys,
but Travis reminded me that it's still rock and roll to me.
It makes me so angry.
Do you mean the song in which Billy Joel has a conversation
with himself about rock and roll
and whether rock and roll is still itself rock and roll?
Yeah, it's so hot.
It's just, you read the lyrics and he says like,
nowadays you can't be too sentimental.
Your best bet's a true baby blue continental,
hot funk, cool punk.
Even if it's old junk, it's still rock and roll to me.
It is so, I love a lot of Billy Joel songs
and I do not mean to dunk on the man.
It is wild to me that he wrote that
and he looked at it and he's like, that's a song.
And then he took it to other people with instruments
and they were like, you got a song on your hands, Bill.
And then they put it out and then America was like,
what am I hearing?
Is this a song?
Because it sounds like a song.
And I'm the, I feel like the lone man on an island
who's like, it's not a song.
There's nothing, he said nothing.
It fills in.
What are we doing?
It fits into a category of song that is one of my favorites.
Oh, we're going to talk about this again.
I should warn you before you go too deep on this,
we talked about this exact category on our last song episode.
Songs that reaffirm that rock and roll still exists.
Yes, we can.
Oh no, well my new favorite one,
because I was listening to the new train song
that is set to the music of No Joke, Heart and Soul.
Yes, what are they doing?
You didn't do a song.
He forgot how to play piano.
And the song is a self-referential song
that references the song in third person
that says, hey, play that song.
Not this song, but that song.
That other song, it's like it is train's version
of the greatest song in the world by Tenacious D.
It's not the greatest song in the world.
It's just a tribute.
It's just a tribute to that.
And it made me start thinking about
how many songs there are that are like,
hey, Mr. DJ, put that record on.
I want to dance with my baby.
What record?
You know the what.
You know what I'm talking about.
I'm talking about Max Cool Jazz's Kind of Blue 2.
I think you can wear whatever you want
for your Billy Joel report.
But let me paint the scene.
Teachers in front of class and they're like,
Dylan, Dylan, it's time for your report.
Has anybody seen Dylan?
And then you smash it through the wall in your car.
Griffin, we went the whole bit
without referencing the most obvious joke.
And then you get out and you're like,
what's up, everybody?
So, piano man.
We went the whole bit without mentioning
that he was married to somebody from West Virginia
that we grew up with.
And then he crashed his car
into three houses in two years.
Yeah, but I guess I'm, okay.
Well, anyway, so that's it for that bit.
Billy Joel?
Hey, it's Billy Joel.
I want him on.
Joel.
Jazz.
I want him on.
River of Dreams.
Uptown.
Uptown.
This one isn't, real quick,
this isn't for the Munch Squad specifically,
but it is part of the podcast.
Welcome to Munch Squad.
It's a podcast within a podcast about what's hot,
what's new in the world of fast food.
Want to say, big Munch Squad, congratulations to Brad Reed.
Just got promoted to chief development officer
over at Captain D's.
So congrats, Brad.
He is moving up after being vice president
of franchise operations.
How do they not fucking call that like first mate
in charge of development?
You know what I mean?
Well, because it's a publicly traded company, Travis.
I think they probably want to handle things
like other normal ones.
No, I want to talk about Zaxby's.
I literally don't know what word you just said, my friend.
That's fine.
Zaxby's is a chicken chain.
Run by aliens.
In the south.
Hello, I am Zaxby.
We have zapped your small birds with our laser guns.
Mr. Joel.
Mr. Joel, the Earth's last hope.
Billy Joel, you'll never stop us now.
What's that new sound?
It's actually not a new sound.
This isn't rock and roll.
This isn't rock and roll.
It is to me.
Well, Bill, you can't just say that.
Anyway, Zaxby's is a chicken.
Who's that champion in the car with whitewalled tires?
And why is he driving at our restaurant
so fast and recklessly?
Slow down, Mr. Joel.
No, it's a chicken chain in the south.
It's very good.
I only get to enjoy it when I'm headed to the beach
to get on island time.
Me and the Smurls will always make a point.
Well, I kind of bully them into it.
They have a of driving through a Zaxby's.
Not driving through a Zaxby's.
I'm not Billy Joel.
Driving to a Zaxby's.
Can we leave Mr. Joel alone?
We broke the seventh seal.
The horn's on high blue.
And then we knew that there were only jokes
we were going to tell for the rest of the episode.
Okay.
Okay.
Zaxby's has good news for Zaxby's fans.
The zenzational, the zenzation salad is returning to Zaxby's
for a limited time.
My teeth already fucking hurt.
And I've already only done it a couple of times.
As requested by thousands of fans,
Zaxby's is bringing back the zenzation salad
at all Zaxby's locations in 17 states from April 2nd.
Okay.
So you've only missed a few days of it to July 1st
with bright flavors and bold textures.
The zenzation salad.
Oh, God.
It's really getting uncomfortable now.
Guys, like make Z's over and over again.
It really starts to get.
No, I was in speech therapy.
I know.
Bad mouth feel.
Combines indescribably great ingredients with Asian flair.
Not a good word to describe food.
Yeah.
Indescribably great.
But what's in it, Zaxby's?
I wish I could tell you.
We don't even know.
There are no words in your human tongue.
The zenzation salad is our most frequently requested
limited time offer item, says Stephanie Gamble,
vice president of menu innovation.
And we continue to bring it back because guests love it.
I can't begin to tell you how many times we've heard.
I don't even eat salads, but I love the zenzation.
So wait.
Finally, a salad for people that wouldn't touch a salad
with their neighbor's fork.
They wouldn't get near it.
But now you've got the one salad, the zenzation.
It's been about four minutes now since I found out
we were doing a salad one.
And now my mind won't stop racing
thinking of what they have put on this
to make the texture so indescribable.
I'm like, I'm thinking Takis.
I'm thinking this one's maybe got Takis.
So the zenzation provides sweet and savory flavors
like sesame, pineapple, orange juice, ginger, garlic,
soy, rice vinegar, honey, and brown sugar.
And great textures from hand chopped lettuces,
crispy wontons, crunchy Asian slaw, and a veggie roll.
Add Zaxby's signature chicken fingers for a salad
that's a perfect combination of the vibrant and the familiar.
The reason I wanted to highlight this,
and it's also for the quote that's coming up after this,
but the reason I wanted to highlight this,
they have not given you folks a list of ingredients.
I want to make sure we're all on the same page here.
You asked what was in the salad,
and Zaxby's turn from its grim work
looked you dead in the eye
and gave you a list of different feelings
that you're going to experience while consuming the salad.
They're describing the salad from your point of view,
not telling you what goes to create the flavors
of sesame, pineapple, orange juice, ginger, garlic, soy,
rice vinegar, honey, and brown sugar.
They just have those flavors.
Well, it's indescribable.
There's so much fluid.
This sounds all right.
It sounds like a nice little Asian salad with chicken on it,
and also there's some sort of spring roll in there,
and that's kind of wild.
But okay, Zaxby's, I'll play it with me.
And I understand there's just a lot
of sort of liquid content in there.
I'm wondering if this is a sort of cold soup, a gazpacho.
So here's the quote,
and I know what you're wondering to yourself.
Why doesn't Zaxby's offer this?
If people love the Zenzation so much,
why doesn't Zaxby's just offer it year round,
like they do with the birthday cake milkshake, for example?
The answer is this.
For the Zenzation, Gamble says,
we use four unique ingredients that must be inventoried,
prepped, and monitored daily.
What?
The build is a different process than our typical salads,
and it requires time.
And it requires training and diligent reinforcement.
What?
Or it'll escape.
Someone said we got a fucking pineapple thief on our hands.
You think we can truck with a fucking salad burglar around?
Scrubble, scrubble.
Scrubble, scrubble.
Give me that rice vinegar.
You got fucking J.K. Simmons to come in
and throw chicken fingers at people
when they didn't diligently make the salad good enough.
But it's worth it, as there's nothing more rewarding
than bringing back a fan favorite
and making our guests happy.
So what they're saying is like, we could do this year round.
It's very hard, and we're tired here at Zaxby's,
and we'd rather not do it all the time.
This is exhausting, what you're asking us to do right now.
You know how big of a favor you're asking us to do
by bringing back this salad, and yet you persist.
It's like, I wish every fast food restaurant
was this upfront about it.
Like yeah, Szechuan sauce is back.
We're not looking forward to it,
because last time we tried this,
a bunch of fucking nerds tried to burn down
13 of our establishments.
So we'll do the Szechuan sauce at great cost to ourselves,
but like somebody brought a fucking sword
into one of our restaurants last time.
So we're not so wild about it, you have to understand.
And those are just the people
that didn't have a concealed carry sword license.
There's probably a lot of undercover swords.
I said they were cosplaying Rick and Morty,
but they had swords, so I don't know, man.
One last note here, Zaxby's does suggest,
I know what you're saying, what about pairing?
The entree with something.
Zaxby's suggests pairing the,
we got the Zamalier over here,
and he suggests pairing the Zenzation salad
with the exclusive Coca-Cola Freestyle mix,
Southern Peach Fizzle.
So in case you're looking for a pairing recommendation,
that is what our Zamalier recommends,
you of course are free to make your own choice.
Okay, I'm gonna find out first of all
what this restaurant is, where it is,
how they do what they do,
and then get one of these very wet salads.
Get one single wet salad.
How about a question, Juice?
The high school in my town is performing Shrek the Musical.
I wanna go see it,
but I have no connections to the high school.
I didn't go there, I don't know any students or parents
of students that attend.
Is it weird for me to go?
How would a late 20s Shrek enthusiast go about doing so?
An all-star in Woodland Park, Colorado.
This is, they're doing it for you.
Yeah, like you are, you just,
is this where we're at, folks?
I know, I'm with you and I understand you,
and I am you.
I get what you're saying, but like...
Well, I don't know the Foo Fighters,
it would be weird if I went to see them in concert.
I don't know the Foo Fighters,
and I don't know any parents of the Foo Fighters.
I'm not making fun of you, I swear to God I'm with you.
I don't know, Dave.
So is it weird if I go see his show as the Foo Fighters?
There is a certain, we have reached the point where
I get that there is a perceived,
and maybe it's not all bad,
perceived like I'm not supposed to be there
unless I'm connected to it feeling.
Oh, high schools are the most, high schools are the most.
Whenever I go, when we went back to Huntington High School,
which is where I went to school
to shoot stuff for the TV show,
there is nothing like being in a school,
even if it's one that you went to,
that makes you feel like,
especially in elementary school
where everything's a little bit littler,
and then you feel like the rampage gorilla,
and you're just smashing through the hallways
of the high school like John Mayer sang about in his song.
He's like, I want to smash through the halls
of my high school.
I'll kick apart all the lockers and desks.
It makes you feel like you're trespassing,
and I get that.
I think that's probably where they're coming from
a little bit.
I think that Shrek, Fiona, the whole gang
would be thrilled to see you at the show.
I think that that would be a delight.
But you make sure you announce as you go in like,
I'm just here because I love Shrek.
Yeah, I love Shrek.
I'm not a student.
Donkey!
What if we're wrong though,
and they show up and it's all high schoolers and you,
and at one point Shrek points in the audience
and he's like, look at that perv.
Interloper.
Interloper, attack.
Teens, attack, donkey.
Maybe you walk up and say, I'm with Shrek.
I know Shrek.
Romantically.
I know, I'm an invited guest of Mr. Shrek.
I am Shrek.
I'll be playing Shrek this evening.
Oh, that's fun.
So those stairs next to the stage,
anybody can just go up those and say like,
do you guys have a Shrek for tonight?
Because I'd like to throw my hat in the ring.
Yeah, I'd like to be,
I heard you guys were doing Shrek,
so I was just seeing if I could sign up to be Shrek.
You just have to put a quarter on the edge of the stage
to indicate that you have next.
I'm next on Shrek.
I'm next on Shrek.
But listen, I will not eat a bug.
I will not eat a bug and I don't want
that goddamn scene-stealing donkey up here with me.
I'll turn my earwax into a candle.
I will wash my teeth with slime.
I will not eat a fucking bug.
Or a parfait.
I don't like them,
which makes you perfect for the role of Shrek.
I'm not gonna eat a slime parfait
because I'm a dentist in this town.
People know who I am.
They won't come see me.
You try to get me up here to eat a bug.
You trying to embarrass me?
I'm running for mayor.
Hey, I have a Yahoo Hero that we can do real fast.
Yeah.
Sent in by Brooks Oglesby.
Thanks, Brooks.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Maybe this one will load.
Sawyer Babe asks,
why is it called The Breakfast Club?
What does the title have to do with the movie?
Thank you.
Thank you.
They eat lunch.
It's in the movie because at the end,
Anthony Michael Hall signs their essay as The Breakfast Club.
But why?
That's fine.
But why, Anthony?
There's not a scene, I don't think.
There is a scene where they think eat-
Lunch.
Like lunch.
They eat lunch.
This should be The Lunch Club.
It should be The Lunch Club, Travis.
There's not a scene where Molly Ringwald pulls out a bagel.
There's a scene where they smoke a bunch of weed.
They could be The Weed Club.
They could be The Weed Club.
They could be The Problems Club.
The Bad Family.
The Bad Family Crew.
But they don't breakfast at any point.
It's so weird.
What if it turned out that that's why they were all in detention?
Because outside of the detention thing,
they are all in a club called The Breakfast Club
where they would just get together and talk about breakfast.
And one day they did that in a room where they weren't supposed to.
And it's like, well, you have detention.
And that backstory part is just never mentioned in the movie.
Okay.
Okay.
I have some news.
The original title of The Breakfast Club was The Lunch Bunch.
That's a much better title.
That's okay.
That doesn't change the-
That doesn't nullify us talking about it
because they purposefully saw the off ramp and didn't get on it.
And they're like, oh shit, what's the next off ramp?
Breakfast, okay, oops.
Do you think the problem was The Lunch Bunch just sounds too dang whimsical?
And everyone's like, this sounds like a wacky spring break.
Who's gonna get laid sex comedy?
And then you get in there and it's like, oh no.
They're talking about their problems.
Serious family stuff.
This is like if they called Forrest Gump like Jumping Man.
Or Running Man.
And he doesn't jump as much.
It's not very much like a part of the...
Thank you, Travis, for not really understanding the premise.
I just wanted to make a joke because Running Man is already a movie.
It does seem kind of like they filmed the whole movie
and they didn't know what they were gonna call it.
And someone's just like, can you pretend like we've said Breakfast Club a lot, Anthony?
Can you pretend like we said Breakfast Club a lot during the movie
and just kind of end it like that in a real confident way?
Maybe it was a flood.
Maybe he was supposed to say Lunch Club and he said Breakfast Club,
but it was the only clean take they got.
He was so hungry they filmed that last scene at eight o'clock.
He hadn't had his yogurt.
Or maybe they were gonna call it Lunch Bunch,
but then when they were filming the movie,
they were like, there's a possibility we can make this a trilogy.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
It's not too late.
That actually makes a lot of sense.
We can still make Lunch Bunch and Dinner Winners.
It's about PUBG.
The gang is there and they're playing PUBG together.
He's one hit, Emilio.
Push.
Folks, that is gonna do it for us this week.
Thank you so much.
One last push, and I do mean last because we won't be with you again before the drive is over.
My maximumfund.org forward slash donate.
If you like our show and it makes you feel good to listen to it and you'd like to support it
and support us in making more stuff, that's the address.
Or and supporting like all the shows on the network or the ones that you listen to
because that is an important point that your donation portion of it goes to Maximum Fund
to help pay for their great staff and they make our lives so much easier day in, day out.
But also like you choose the shows that you listen to when you sign up
and those are the shows that get your money.
They split it up.
So like it's really important that you choose what shows you listen to,
but know that you are funding those shows.
You are part of the team of those shows, if you will.
Yeah, it's again, like it means a lot to us and we can't imagine like doing this anywhere else.
The Maximum Fund network has been a home for us for eight years now
and has given us so much and you all have given us so much.
And if you're new or you've been consuming more content,
just think about going to maximumfund.org slash donate
and helping us hit that 25,000 new and upgrading member goal.
And yeah, thank you so much.
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much and thanks to John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure, off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It was so great, so great to have that and still is great.
And thank you to Al Roker for-
Everything.
Everything.
You know what?
No, thanks to Al Roker.
I'm tired of supplicating myself.
He did me dirty out there.
Thanks to Corey Cott.
How about that?
Yeah.
Thanks to Matt Doyle for not being there, but for being there.
Always being there.
Also real quick.
So our Dallas and Houston shows are coming up this weekend when you hear this.
And there are still some tickets left available, especially Houston.
Houston, where are you, Houston?
Houston, please.
Houston, Houston, we have a problem.
Please.
Macroishows.com slash tours and send your questions now.
Make sure to put in the subject line like Dallas show or Houston show.
Also, I've got another Cincinnati Underground Society show coming up April 28th.
The tickets are on sale now.
You can get those at bit.ly KUSKEY 2018.
That's C-U-S-S-K-E-Y 2018.
We had a real blast at last month's show and I hope to see you out at this month's show.
Bit.ly slash KUSKEY 2018.
Yeah.
And also the May shows are going to come up sooner than you think.
So send in questions for those too.
Speaking of May, we're going to be doing Sawbones,
Still Buffering, and Court Appointed at the Columbus Podcast Festival on Saturday, May 12th.
You can get tickets.
The link is hard for me to find.
But if you Google, you will find the way to get tickets.
I don't have a punchy Bit.ly link like Travis.
Oh, come on.
I'm sorry, Trav.
I'm just, I just can't.
I just don't have one.
But yeah, we're going to be doing those three shows back to back to back
because if you come see us, it'll be fun.
I need Yahoo's also for the live shows, please.
Please get them in.
Thank you.
Thanks, Warriors.
All right.
Finally, Yahoo.
This one was sent in by Merritt Palmer.
Thank you, Merritt.
It's Yahoo Answers user, Ashley, who asks,
Hey, how do I get the wax covering on Babybel cheese out of my ear?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
