The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your babiest baby brother, Griffin McElroy. Look at all the stars!
Look at the stars! Look at the stars! The stars and the red carpet. In fact, this year,
the red carpet's in Biastin. Come on down to Biastin. Sorry, Biastin? For Oscars 2014 edition,
boy. Yeah, so it's Oscars time for the awards. Movies, let's celebrate them. Come on, movies
and their makers and the people who do them. I felt these dream weavers, these dream weavers,
magic makers, warlocks of celluloid. No one knows how movies are made. They squish it. They press,
the actors press up against the celluloid in the positions that they are supposed to be in,
and that's what a director does. How many of the Academy Award nominated pictures have you guys
seen and enjoyed? Okay, important real question. How many things is Thor 2 nominated for? Because
that was the only movie I saw in theaters this year. Wow, that bumps me out to a huge degree.
Listen, when you're talking about award shows, you get into a lot of opinion. So I think in order to
make our way through this conversation, we should start with just the facts. So for instance,
I'll start with Gravity's the only good movie that came out last year. Hachi-machi. Was it better
than Thor 2? It edged it out just barely. Oh, it was so close. Go down the list of all the other
films, and 12 Years a Slave, I don't know, some of those shots went on a little long.
Filomena, they don't explain what the title means ever in the movie.
Wolf of Wall Street, ate too many breasts in that film.
He ate too many breasts? How many breasts did he eat? That's the thing, he goes mad with money
power. And he's just eating the breasts off women because he's a wolf. The Werewolf of Wall Street.
Wait guys, hold on. This is going to be a thing. The weird thing about that movie is it didn't
have any wolves in it. And I think that's probably my biggest disappointment. I have my favorite
t-shirt that has a wolf on it. I was wearing it and I was ready. I told Sydney before, I thought
it was so funny. I said, I think this is going to be a howling good time. Then there was no wolves
and I was like, oh, okay. Kind of misleading. How long do we have to wait before we can do a remake?
With a wolf in it? Yeah. A wolf in a suit? We have to wait just long enough for wolves to evolve
where they will listen and do anything we say. Anything at all. Just do what we tell you to do,
Wolf. Just fucking come on. White Fang. That was the only one and he wasn't even a wolf, was he?
No, he was like a husky, I think. Balto. That was an animated feature, wasn't it? Also not a wolf.
Iron Will. Iron Fang? No, I think Iron Tooth. Okay. Snow Dogs. Snow Dogs. Okay. Snow Dogs
passed over again for any awards, any recognition. It's actually up for best makeup. Oh, okay. Good.
I thought. Well, they did a great job making that one dog look like Cooper Gooding Jr.
I thought Andy Serkis was so good as those wolves. As all the wolves. Movie Fever. We've got it.
Oscars coming up. Make sure you get your picks in to us when you're listening to this, which is the
day after the Oscars. Just send us- So you should have a real advantage. Send 10 bucks in with your
ballot and we will have that. We'll just have it after that. We'll have that $10 and perfect.
Thus completes the transaction. Thank you for the money in advance and to hold up our end of
the bargain, we're going to help you with some advice. I started attending marital arts classes.
How does it work? Grab your wife by the ankles and dip her head in paint. How does one wife?
I started attending martial arts classes for the first time a couple of years ago. I love it.
And in the last few months, I have finally started to feel as though I can really identify
as a martial artist. My problem is that it seems weird to talk about this hobby that involves
hurting people and or throwing them to the ground. Brothers, when, if ever, is it socially acceptable
to talk about martial arts? That's from White Belt in the Bible Belt, which is-
When you're getting mugged.
When you're good. Before you get mugged, preferably.
Well, how do you- Okay. The mugging interaction begins when somebody like pulls a knife or gun
or a sharp pocket. When you see someone that looks like a mugger.
Oh, great. This is great. So go ahead and list off-
You say sir or madam, because we're not sexist here.
Travis, Justin, I want you to start listing off some characteristics of what muggers look like.
Begin.
A flat cap.
Begin and don't stop until I tell you to stop.
Okay. They have a flat cap.
Terrific.
They have a grisly sort of like half beard. They have scars. They're holding a lead pipe.
They are very large, very rotund.
You could have just described like a construction worker or plumber.
They're kind of like a construction worker or plumber, but they have a
cigar stub and they call you Mac. They say, hey Mac.
You are just going down the line of-
Wait, are you talking about a mugger or someone who's trying to intimidate me for the mob?
Yeah, a little bit of- Yeah, it's all the same thing.
Okay.
But yeah, that's what a mugger looks like.
Wow. Okay.
My perfect mugger wears a black mask.
He's got a black and white striped shirt and maybe he's holding a gun
and like a bag with a money sign on it.
And he's got the ball and chain like around his ankle, right?
Uh-huh. That's my ideal mugger.
And maybe he's like in the process of like running away, but he's frozen in place and
there's a little dust cloud coming out from behind him.
Yeah. Griffin, who's your ideal mugger?
I would just, I would have to say Bradley Whitford.
Yeah. It seems like you could talk to him, you know?
Yeah.
And you know he's just doing it to like support his family?
Sure. No, he has his reasons.
There's probably a stigma about adults just getting into martial arts.
Like don't get me wrong, if you are like an adult who is already sick at martial arts,
that's pretty fucking cool. Tony Jaa, what's up Tony Jaa?
I don't think that it is just relegated to martial arts.
Cause I think that's true of like, if you were an adult who was just getting into skateboarding,
like if you're Tony Hawk, you're awesome. If you're like 35 year old dude who's like,
I'm going to try skateboarding for the first time.
Sure.
You're going to have to do that in private for a while.
Or if you're like, I'm going to take up break dancing. You know what I mean?
Have we had this conversation before? I'm getting the weirdest deja vu right now.
No, it's because Travis and I had to talk you out of beginning to take Muay Thai classes.
Uh, I, well, I, I, I saw the raid and I really want to get into Indonesian martial arts.
I don't think that that's so wrong.
Why wouldn't you?
It's a weird scene because I have,
I have a lot of questions about how adults start getting into martial arts.
And question number one, is there an adults only martial arts class?
Because if not, that's not especially fair. Like, come here, you 12 year old little sweaty fuck.
It seems like it would really give you an overinflated sense of your abilities.
Yeah. Yeah. Except for three ninjas. Hi. That exists.
Shit. You're right.
So I don't think it's that big of an advantage.
Three ninjas versus three Tony Jaws. Go.
Tony Jaws because he's a robot.
He's yeah. He's the strongest man on earth.
So was the youngest three ninja.
That's damn it. You're right.
They don't make his, they don't make his that cute. I mean, they do make them.
They manufacture them in Hollywood.
What do you guys think that Rocky Colt and Tom Tom are doing at this moment?
Yeah.
Searching Wikipedia for the names of the three ninjas, I would assume.
No, I knew that off the top of my head.
I think that it's not that it's weird so much as I don't think anybody gives a shit.
And it's not just martial arts. I just don't think that anybody wants to know about like,
you don't, nobody wants to hear about what's going on in your life.
They want to talk about themselves.
No, the appropriate time to answer the question,
the appropriate time to bring it up is when someone asks.
Yeah. Or in conversation, if someone starts talking about martial arts,
then I think it's okay to lean into it there.
But how often does that, that guy's going to be like, oh my God, thank God.
Oh man, I've been wanting to talk to you about this for a while.
Holding his breath for the last like five minutes
as they slowly started talking about hobbies.
I mean, does anyone kick for a hobby?
I mean, if you're doing it so you can tell people that you're doing it,
then you're doing it for the wrong reasons.
I think you're doing it for yourself.
So to bring yourself peace of mind and maybe a little physical fitness.
And in that context, you know, you can keep it to yourself.
It doesn't need to be anybody else's.
But Justin, let me counterpoint. I'm sorry to interrupt,
but if it's something that he's just started doing and he's really excited about,
of course he wants to share it with people
because it's something new and exciting in his life.
I don't think he's necessarily doing it to tell people about it
so much as it is an awesome new thing that he's like,
guys, I'm doing this and it makes me totally happy.
Moreover, Justin, let's go down the line of all the hobbies
that I know that you have picked up in the past year.
Fuchigi, juicing.
Correct.
Amateur beer brewing.
Gone on that for a bit.
Now Griffin-
Where was geocaching in there?
Geocaching.
Geocaching.
Now let me twist this back around on you, right?
If I had not talked about that, would you have had that list to throw in my face?
I believe my point is made.
I'm saying the only point I'm trying to make is that there is definitely a stigma to adults
just getting into-
If next time we're all three in town and dad's like,
oh boys, I meant to tell you that I'm a brown belt in Taekwondo.
We would be like, hey pops, that's fucking crazy.
And then he would throw us across the room.
Yeah, he would use our own weight against us, like water.
Our dad is like water.
He's the water, water avatar.
What's the, what's they call them in water avatar?
An avatar is a water man.
He uses a water and he bends it.
You guys want Yahoo?
Yes.
I don't think you really do.
I do.
I do, I do.
This Yahoo was sent in by Joe Smith.
Thanks Joe, it's by Yahoo answers user poncho crook who asks,
how long will the people at Olive Garden grate your cheese or ground your pepper?
They say, say when, if you want them to stop grinding your pepper,
what happens if you never say when?
You own them.
You own the Olive Garden?
They have to just stay with you the whole time in your life.
It's a life bond.
You just carry the bowl with you.
I mean, they'll run out-
It's a life debt?
Yeah.
It's not infinite cheese, right?
As much as that, don't get me wrong, that's the dream.
Well, you have to tell them to do it super slowly.
Not so fast.
What's your rush?
How will I know when to say when?
Where's the fire?
Hey Daniel, where's the fire?
And occasionally you gotta say, you're doing a great job.
One flake at a time, my man.
Does anybody else get super stressed out in this situation?
Yeah.
You're worried about how much cheese and or pepper is gonna optimize this pasta for me?
Cause I'm all about pasta optimization.
But also how much is too much pasta-mization that the Olive Garden employee,
I just call it the garden, that this garden cheese jockey is gonna be like,
oh Jesus dude, like save some for the future.
I think you're always, in my mind, I'm always weighing my desire for parm
versus the judgment of the cheese jockey.
So in my head, I mean, I may look calm, collected, ready to get into some Alfredo,
but in my head I'm thinking, no whammies, no whammies, no whammies, stop.
But what if you say stop too soon?
He's like, oh, that's it, huh?
Well, that's not gonna optimize the pasta, but okay, bye forever.
I mean, the dream is always that when you say when,
lights start flashing and balloons fall from the ceiling and come out like, you've done it.
You did it.
You were the first person to solve the pasta.
To the nanosecond.
You got it right.
That is a weird-
You are the chosen one.
That is a weird point, right?
At some point during the Olive Garden experience,
they have decided to pass the reins on to me.
You finished cooking this.
You have been the pasta expert.
You've been the midwife of this pasta experience from conception
and now here at the very end, right before delivery, you're asking me to take the reins.
That's pretty experienced though.
You get to run it in the extra half a yard into the pasta end zone.
I'll go into the flavor end zone.
I'll take it the last few yards.
Well, they know that you need it.
You haven't got a lot going on right now and you haven't had a lot to celebrate
and they're like, I'm gonna let him have this.
And maybe you just need to impress your friends.
Like, oh man, did you see how much pepper Ron put on his pasta?
That was like to the flake, the perfect amount.
I wanna blow this out.
I think that they shouldn't stop at cheese.
I think they should basically come to your table
with a pot of stewed tomatoes and pasta uncooked
and then they walk you through each step of the experience.
Okay, we're getting towards al dente.
You want me to pop that out or just a little bit perfect?
Like have a carpenter there going, how tall do you want your table?
Say when, how wide should the chair be?
Say when.
Can they make a Top Chef season that is just this?
Like for today's quick fire challenge,
we're gonna put some sprinkles on the ice cream.
Go for it.
Too many sprinkles, Danielle.
Nice try.
No.
I would love it if after you said when,
the waiter just leaned over and quietly but derisively said, you ruined it.
Or helpfully was like, hey man, I'm gonna give you a mulligan,
but you're gonna wanna go like a few seconds richer on this cheese.
I don't wanna tell you how to optimize your cheese game.
I don't think anyone saw you fuck up so bad just now.
So I'm just gonna lean back and I'm gonna start going again
and we're gonna pretend like this never happened, okay?
I think if I were a cheese jockey,
I would really employ the phrase, are you sure a lot?
When, are you sure?
Is that really all you want?
You want a mound of pepper.
There is a soft mound.
I guarantee there is another Olive Garden vet listening to this
who has had to pull the emergency brake
and just say like, that's enough cheese.
Did you, was that, you were a line cook, right?
That was, yes.
I never made it out to the big show.
You pre-cheese.
You were in charge of the pre-pro on that cheese.
Yeah, I don't know why at some point it got taken away from me,
the professional chef, and got handed over to the waiter.
Like they're gonna kibitz that last bit.
I just don't, I don't appreciate it.
What if that's not like,
what if the line cook has no idea that that's happening
and just somewhere along the lines,
Olive Garden like upper management was like,
they're not putting enough cheese and pepper on this.
Let's put it in the hands of the waiter.
Yeah.
Don't tell them though.
Don't tell the line cooks.
You're saying that somewhere in the Olive Garden chain,
there's a line chef that nobody wanted to fuck with.
Yeah.
I cannot have another conversation with that man.
Listen, we'll just take care of it afterwards.
We'll post game it.
It'll be fine.
We'll fix it in post.
I don't think that they would,
I mean, they would probably,
they would probably stop at some point and sort of force you.
I think the inertia has to go back to them at some point
where they would stop at some place that felt natural
and then sort of ask you like,
are you sure?
Like they make you say it.
Are you fucking with me?
Are you sure?
This entire restaurant is full of pepper.
Like every square inch of it is pepper now.
Are you sure?
Your table mates have left.
Your bowl has broken under the weight of all this pepper.
Are you sure about this?
How great would it be if while they're grinding the Parmesan,
you open up a little baggie underneath the grinder
to keep going?
This is for Yeater.
Say that.
This is for Yeater.
Why would you say Yeater?
I want it Yeater.
Okay.
More Parmy peas.
I'll say you're dressed like an adult teen baby.
Oh boy.
Cheese me peas.
Next, next question.
Peas.
When he stopped and you look at him
and you say right to his face,
got any more cheese?
And only then does he realize he was dressed like Steve Urkel.
Oh man.
How embarrassing for him.
Not for you at all.
Not embarrassing for you at all.
Only for him in that situation.
Oh boy.
Where's Ashton?
Where is he?
Get out of here.
He's across the table from me.
Him and Jaleel White are best friends.
Here's the scenario.
I'm at a red light.
It's very late night.
There are no other cars in sight.
I am certain there are no red light cameras
or police officers around.
Can I just go?
Would I be breaking any kind of driving etiquette?
That's from ANSI in Austin.
I swear to God we've talked about this before.
Really?
I'm almost certain that we have.
If we have, it's been so long that we've forgotten
and maybe we've grown and matured.
Maybe, but like I see people quoting shit from three episodes ago
and I'm like, I don't remember that at all.
So I don't think our memory is as unimpeachable.
Do you guys ever do this?
No.
You know why?
Because I'm not a fucking criminal.
There is a light that is right next to the Cincinnati Shakespeare Company house
that frequently, I would say like once or twice a week, breaks
and will not turn green for the person trying to turn on to the street.
I've sat there through seven minutes
and watched the other two lights change green while it stayed red
and it kind of forces you to make that Pete and Pete bus driver decision
of like, am I gonna do it?
Am I going for it?
I mean, yes.
If your other option is wait and die of old age or starvation,
then yeah, I guess go ahead and break this law.
But here's the crazy thing about it, Griffin.
It always happens that somebody pulls up behind me
just as I make the decision to go.
So all they see is me running a red light.
Is there anything more exciting than seeing somebody run a red light?
I always assume there's a police chase.
Oh, no, no.
For me, it's like, what's he doing?
Oh, if another car had been coming, oh no, that would have been bad.
Crazy motherfucker.
Like, it's like I witnessed a bank robbery.
But there's also a part of you that like is so envious.
Like, man, to have a life where you can just do that,
to just run it, you know, go for it.
I find that it's completely legal if you say out loud,
I'm just gonna go.
I'm like, then it's totally cool.
And if you get pulled over, you say like, no, I announced it.
That's pre-crime then, right?
That's what Minority Report is about.
You announcing that you're about,
I'm just gonna stab this guy eight times.
Okay, cool.
You can be sure there are no cars or stoplight cameras,
but like, what about extremely fast people?
Yeah, you can't see if there's like a really speedy toddler
chasing like a beautiful butterfly.
That is a fast toddler.
Like a really fast toddler.
And even like faster, very directed butterfly.
Like baby Tony Jaa.
Yeah, if baby Tony Jaa,
what if you had prematurely ended the career of baby Tony Jaa
because he sprinted out in front of you chasing a butterfly?
Butterflies, peas.
I'm gonna kick him with my knee.
That's what he does.
He kicks things with his knees.
That's like his whole shtick.
That's his bit.
Hey, it's a good bit, man.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
I think I've probably done this a couple,
like if it's late at night and I'm sure there's somebody around.
You're a little drunk.
I'll go for it.
No, like definitely not then.
When I drink and drive is the only time I focus, you know?
Don't say that.
There are many levels.
The only time I feel alive, you know what I mean?
Don't say that.
Don't say any of this.
I don't mean any of it.
I don't drink anymore.
My wife's 17 weeks pregnant.
She's what?
She's 17 weeks pregnant.
That's super long, isn't it?
It thought it was only 12.
Read a book.
Okay, you do need to read a book.
He's right.
I need your help in being a little mean to someone.
I recently found out that a friend of mine
was kicked out of his dorm suite for getting scarily,
belligerently drunk and threatening his roommates
who are also friends of mine.
Campus security had to deal with him.
He seemed normal since then, but I find it seriously creepy.
Can I just ghost it and stop speaking to him?
Or do I have to offer explanation?
That's from not good at confrontation in New York.
I mean, if you ghost it, that's explanation enough.
He knows what he did.
That sucks.
I feel like your only mistake was not immediately ghosting it
right after that happened.
At the same time, let's go walk this back a little bit.
If you're somebody's friend,
and I can understand that some people just have,
some people just have that evil inside of them,
and you can see it, you can sense it, you can feel it,
but this guy's friend,
he's obviously got a substance abuse problem.
I think it's worth a convo to at least,
even if you are 100% committed to cutting ties,
at least to say, hey, just so you know,
I'm not comfortable being around you
until you get your life fixed.
Because one of the things you hear
in Alcoholics Anonymous meetings on TV
is that I lost all my friends, blah, blah, blah.
That guy's not gonna be able to say that
if you don't tell him that that's why he lost his friends.
He might just assume that you moved.
I'm like, I'll cut someone out.
I'll get out the fucking liquid paper
if it's deserved.
But I think you're right.
I think in this case,
this person probably needs somebody
to tell them how completely,
I mean, they probably know how unacceptable that is,
but they need to know that their actions
have impacted other people on a serious level.
You know what, I'm going to retroactively agree
with you guys.
Yeah.
I concur.
Speak to the man, if nothing else,
to say this is why it would be difficult to be friends
with you right now,
but if you deal with it and it ceases to be an issue,
I'd love to hang out with you again.
And you know what?
Is it gonna be like an easy, comfortable conversation?
No, but these are the kinds of conversations
that make, if not your friendship,
at least you, stronger.
You have to build up a tolerance for stuff like this
because at some point you're gonna get out of college
and you're gonna get into full-blown adulthood.
And if you don't start having conversations like this,
it's basically like you're building up warrants,
emotional warrants,
and you're just gonna be on the lam your whole life,
running from emotional town to emotional town,
trying to stay one step ahead of the emotional law.
And right now you could just pay your debt
to emotional society.
You got a little bit lost in that metaphor, didn't you?
Yeah, well, it got a little ahead of me, yeah.
Yeah, and have the conversation.
You'll be tougher for it.
You might help this guy out.
And your friendship, if you decide to preserve it,
it's gonna be better.
That's gonna be tough, man.
I know, but I don't have to fucking do it.
All I have to do is tell him what to do.
Hey, can I throw something out?
I think that writing him a letter,
if you do not feel prepared or ready
to have a face-to-face conversation,
a letter is the next best option
as opposed to a text message or an email.
Because a letter says, I cared enough
to put the time in to do this.
And it's something that he can reference back to
should he ever have a tough moment.
I just feel like if somebody's in this situation,
it is probably not a one-sided issue.
I have known very few people who abused alcohol
where the whole story was, I just love it.
It tastes so good in my mouth.
It tastes great, and I feel great.
That's very rarely the whole story.
And if Travis is right,
if you are completely opposed to having the conversation,
some sort of written communique would be,
I mean, at the very least, novel.
Better than a Facebook poke.
Certainly, certainly better than that.
A telling Facebook poke.
And if it helps, it doesn't just have to be like,
I'm cutting you out because of this,
deal with it and get back to me.
It can be like, hey, if you're going through something
and if there's other issues you want to talk about,
I'm there for you, but I want to support you.
But only via written communication.
If you can employ some sort of Pony Express delivery system.
I've included a self-addressed stamped envelope.
Sorry, so sloppy.
Ralph, can you get that person back in your group after they...
It's not the drinking.
The belligerently drunk part is obviously not ideal,
but to me, the real sticking point is the threatening
your other friends because that just seems like a long road
to hoe to get...
If one of my friends was like, I'm gonna kick your ass,
I don't know that I would ever be like,
hey, let's go bowling.
I mean, Travis knocked a guy out with a bowling pin once.
But that was on accident.
Well, you hit him in the head with a bowling pin.
But I accidentally knocked him out.
He was wearing a football helmet.
Can we point...
Travis isn't like a mugger.
That was probably our worst college game.
And that beats out our game Lockjaw,
where you kept your fist six inches from somebody's face,
shouted Lockjaw at them so they would lock their jaws
and then you punch them in the face.
Now, that was a hit game.
Does it beat Fireworks Bathroom?
Sorry, remind me about Fireworks Bathroom.
Wasn't Fireworks Bathroom the game
that you used to play over at Jason's?
Where someone was in the bathroom
when you throw a firecracker in there.
No, I thought they cut up a bunch of fireworks
and then emptied it in the sink
and then everyone stood in the bathroom
and then they lit the sink
and then the last person in the bathroom won the game.
Yeah, the last person to leave the bathroom.
That was a great game.
Another hit one was when we bought a lobster
and made the lobster fight Jason's iguana for its freedom.
And if it won the fight, we wouldn't eat it.
We'd eat the iguana instead.
So of all those games, the worst was probably the one
where one guy would wear a football helmet
and the other guy would hit him in the head
with a bowling pin.
It's probably showing some level of restraint,
save Travis.
Travis was eager to impress
and he would just clobber the guy.
So yeah, you may have seen this guy on-
That's what we're saying.
We know we just made it sound like a lot of fun
for the past minute and a half, but-
Yeah, so don't drink.
It sounds like fun.
But in Travis's defense, Brandon McCoy,
the guy he hit, ended up on Veep.
So what's up now?
I guess Travis really helped him out.
Travis bashed-
You're welcome, Brandon.
Travis bashed some acting smarts into his dome.
Should we go to the money sign?
We should.
I know you've tried Hulu.com,
literally everyone on earth has,
but HuluPlus.com is way, way better.
It's like Hulu Plus' sexier older brother.
He knows where to buy alcohol
and he is a cool guy that you can hang with
for just $8 a month.
You're saying it's the Justin of Hulus.
It's the Justin of Hulus.
Yes, and he-
He's taking a philosophy class in college
and he can talk to you all day long
about the meaning of life and shit.
He's got a little mustache.
He knows, he's ready to show you SNL,
Jimmy Kimmel Live, Shark Tank and Scandal
over at his house.
And he'll let you watch every episode.
He'll loan you his copies of Law & Order,
SVU, Doctor Who, Lost and Community.
Let you watch all of them.
You know what?
He's been taking some film classes too
and he's created a couple of original Hulu programs
like The Wrong Man's and Behind the Mask,
which is his new docu-series
that takes you inside the world of sports mascots.
Also, he smells like aged leathers.
He's got access to ad-free movies,
one would hope,
and some kids content,
which is perhaps questionable, but hey.
He's learning and growing.
You know, he works with Big Brother's Little Sisters.
He works with Big Brother's-
What is that program called?
Sorry, it's not what you said.
And he's gonna hang with you.
The best part is he's gonna hang with you
for two weeks for free
if you go to huluplus.com slash my brother.
Otherwise-
Huluplus.com slash my brother
for an extended free trial.
His usual hang fee is $7.99 a month,
which is already really good
for the amount of stuff you're gonna get,
but you can get it for two weeks free.
Peep it.
Hey guys, don't know if you know,
but it is National Start Your Business Month.
Is it really?
All that that implies.
Yes.
I'm ready to start some business.
I'm gonna start getting busy.
I'm gonna start business with you,
start business with that guy.
Get busy.
And so for this month only,
you can take advantage of LegalZoom's
National Start Your Business Month special
and get a free three month trial
of the all new QuickBooks.
Holy crap.
That's $119 value free
when you enter my brother
into the referral box at checkout.
No big deal.
Don't say we never gave you anything.
Enjoy this $120 that we just had for you to have.
Holy shit.
LegalZoom provides self-help services
and can connect you with the right attorney,
but they're not a law firm.
So go check out LegalZoom.com
and use the promo code MYBROTHER.
It's an incredible deal.
So why wouldn't you do it, stupid?
Go get that free shit, you dumb idiot.
Come on.
I got another message for Justin
and this is coming straight at you from Sarah.
This is not for me.
It's for another Justin.
She says, happy first anniversary, Justin.
Now don't get confused.
She's talking about this other Justin.
I have been married for over seven years.
I'm not crazy about this.
I have to go through life ignoring the fact
that Justin Long exists, Justin Timberlake,
and that one's tough for me
because I like his music and I like his acting.
I am a little miffed at you for acknowledging his existence.
I've asked you several times not to do so.
Sarah says of this other Justin who apparently exists,
I hope hearing it from your favorite podcasters
makes it even more special.
Thanks for being such an amazing husband
and a great dad to our annoying bird, Petey.
Dad was in quotes and I did my best.
I got his butt.
There it is.
Brother, since Justin is a jazz musician,
now to clarify, I myself am not.
This other Justin, it is, plays baritone sax.
Could you do a scat for him?
She says, thanks.
Love the show.
We are not fucking kids.
I'm actually, I was actually just practicing
some Pentecostal scat.
That was the divine spirit talking.
Got the holy spirit deep down inside you.
The holiest spirit of the scat man.
Happy anniversary, you two.
I have a message for Jonas and it's from John,
Alexis, Shady, and Sarah who say,
happy birthday, Jonas.
If this message is late, it's because we wanted to see
if you lived through your broke back adventure
to Mount Washington.
Happy birthday and thanks for getting all of us
into the erudite wisdom of the brothers.
Guys, we've said this many times before.
You don't have to take the heat for this stuff.
You don't.
He's gonna be mad at you now and he could be mad at us
and we're never gonna meet Jonas.
We don't give a solitary shit what Jonas thinks of us.
I do.
Okay, well Travis does, we don't.
Travis does.
Two thirds of us don't give a fuck about Jonas.
Don't carry it all.
Jonas, I love you.
Don't carry it all, put it on us.
He sounds like a nice dude, like happy birthday and shit.
You love mountains and shit, but I don't give a fuck.
Jonas, don't let me in with it, please.
Don't let me in with this, Jonas.
I'm so sorry.
Happy birthday, Jonas.
Happy birthday, Jonas.
I don't give a shit though.
Justin, what are you doing?
Strapping a chicken in my arm.
Heard there's some plague out west, so I just wanted to get out ahead of it.
Justin, if you'd ever listened to our medical history podcast, Sawbones,
where we talk about everything from trepanation to bloodletting,
you would know that that is a ridiculous idea and it will never work.
Sawbones, I haven't caught it.
Sawbones?
Yes, it's every Friday on the Maximum Fun Network
and we record it every Friday.
On the Maximum Fun Network and we record it together.
You a doctor or something?
Yes.
I hate talking about money.
It makes me uncomfortable to discuss restaurant bills, gas money, etc.
with friends and co-workers.
If an amount less than $20 is owed to me, I would really rather not discuss it.
I would gladly lose out on the money if the cost is not having a conversation about money.
How can I get people to take me seriously when they say,
how much do I owe you?
And I say, don't worry about it.
That's a currency coward.
You are the conductor of a train that I have been a passenger on my entire life, my friend.
Wait, are conductors actually on the train or do they just hang out at the station?
Yeah, they hang out at the station and then when they see the train come and they say,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, bye.
You're doing it.
You can do it, don't give up, don't give up.
It's such a tricky scenario because I am totally with you.
I fucking hate dealing with this.
But at the same time, you know what I hate more is when a friend is like,
hey, you paid for those movie tickets.
It was $19.
How much do I owe you?
How do I say, oh, don't worry about it without sounding like I'm saying like,
you need this more than I do.
Here's the, I think the misconception here is that when someone says,
how much do I owe you?
It's not about you.
I just always accept that it's them saying,
I feel a burden now because I owe you something.
And I would like to alleviate that burden by just evening it out between us.
And when you go, oh, don't worry about it.
You're lording it over them that you don't need their petty money.
One of my favorite things about adulthood is that we migrate over to a
monetary system that more closely resembles wampum.
In that, like, if someone comes over and you buy them dinner,
you don't have to split the goddamn check.
You just know that someday you're going to go to their place
and they're going to get you dinner.
Or give you a ride to the airport.
Or house sit your dog, or dog sit your dog.
Or sit on your dog.
Or sit on your dog's house.
When you're younger, though, money is the most valuable thing.
No one has any of it, so it becomes very scarce.
When it becomes easier to procure, when you're not in the adult world,
there are things that are worth more to you than money.
Like, God, please drive me to the airport.
Please.
I love the regi- because I remember in college,
there being retroactive, like, claims where it's like,
um, I would pay you back for this, but do you remember a month ago
I paid for the movie tickets?
I feel like this is pretty balanced now, right?
So I'm going to go.
I also think the how much do I owe you question is a little unfair
unless the, like, unless they have zero idea.
Like, I, because I think that's just invi-
I'm not going to invoice you.
Like, just give, if you think that I should have some money,
just give me some of it.
Did you guys ever have a friend in college that you were 100% sure
was fucking you on these matters?
Like, they go out and they're like,
hey, I'm gonna run out and get some pizzas.
Can you split the cost of being?
You're like, yeah, sure.
And they run out and get two hot and reddies,
and you're like, how much do I owe you?
And they say $8.
And they're like, oh, that's, that's interesting
because I know they're $5 a piece, you piece of shit.
Yes, we, we had, and we, we would also have periods
where we would become suspicious that some people had money.
Hey, listen, I heard that he is getting money from his parents,
that his parents give him some money.
So he has some money.
He just has it.
I think he just has money that he's not, like,
giving to us or doing anything with.
He just has it.
I always say, I think the sweetest comment
is when you can, like, get a big group of people
and everybody chips in to a point that you end up with boner.
Like, I'm going to run out and get beer
and everyone gives you $5.
And so you end up with like 50 bucks
and the beer costs you 40.
Travis, holy shit, you were that guy.
It's capitalism.
No, that's, that's you fucking your friends.
They need that service.
That's you fucking your friends in they butts
where they wallets is.
No, because the guy who takes money from a lot of people
is going to get burned as many times as he wins out.
That's true.
It's luck of the, it's luck of the draw.
That money that Travis earned,
he probably lost out on another time.
Or at a casino.
Well, yeah, but that's a different thing entirely.
Yeah, it's a completely different.
Well, cause here's the thing.
I do look at it as a service at that point,
because if you're the guy who stayed sober
to go buy beer halfway through the party when you ran out
and so you're able to like drive
and go get it and go to the trouble.
Yes, I am going to profit off this transaction.
Sure.
Well, no, that sounds totally reasonable.
That's your job.
Thank you.
Griffin, do you have any Yahoo's?
I do.
I feel like one of those would go down really nice right now.
This Yahoo was sent in by Drew Davenport.
Thanks, Drew.
Enroll member.
It's by Yahoo answers user T, T-E-A, who asks,
what should I do to celebrate my rat's birthday?
Hello all.
I currently only have one rat.
Why is that funny to you?
I don't know.
It's the idea of all the people reading the question.
Salutation.
Hello, millions of readers.
I currently only have one rat, Frowny Face,
parentheses, my other one passed away last week
and his name is Blue.
Blue is going to be two on March 2nd this Sunday
and I'm so excited to celebrate.
The rat's name is not named Frowny Face then.
No, no, no, no.
This person is sad that they only have one rat
because the other one died very recently.
So very fresh corpse.
Blue's going to be two on March 2nd this Saturday
and I'm so excited to celebrate.
I have a few gifts, paper mache hut, treats, toys,
and dog bones, but I have no cake recipe
or activities planned.
I must make him a cake,
but I want it to be completely homemade.
I have a tiny rat size cake pan.
No, you don't.
So all I need is a recipe for the batter.
I also need some activities
since he is unfortunately by himself.
He won't be able to play any games involving multiple rats.
Instead, I have to plan other stuff for him to do.
Do you guys have any ideas?
Lastly, how can I make a mini rat pizza?
You can't.
Oh, and I also almost forgot.
What other homemade toys would you like?
DIY, please.
Thanks, everyone.
Smiley face, T.
This person went through some complex emotions
during this question.
So I know I feel like you could give the rat a bagel bite
and it'd be perfectly happy with that as a rat.
That is a deep ass dish pizza for a rat.
Listen, rats eat fucking garbage every day.
Do you think the rats are gonna be like,
this isn't rat specific?
Not this rat.
This rat's got a dope life.
That's true.
I know what I would give my rat that I owned,
my personal rat.
I would give him a quick ride to ye olde trash can
where he could die outside and not in my home.
And then I'd find the things,
I'd gather up all the things
that he'd ever touched or looked at and burn them.
Happy birthday, rat.
What was I doing?
Why would I get you if I knew that I hated you?
I hate you so much.
When one of you died, I should have been thrilled
because then that cut my rat problem
that I haven't had in half.
50%.
Get out of here, you trash eating rat.
Why would you have a rat?
Why would you have a rat cake man?
Do you think the rat is a nickname for a turtle?
Maybe they have a rat because they love them
and they're their friend and they need the companionship.
They definitely do need the companionship.
That is not up for debate.
Holy shit.
All I'm saying is I don't wanna get a flood of emails
and tweets from rat owners and rat lovers who are like,
oh, you guys so close-minded.
How dare you?
That's such a myth and rats are great
and super sweet and very intelligent.
No, listen, over the years of making this program,
it's gonna be four years next month, okay?
After four years of recording this program,
I've become more culturally sensitive
to so many groups of people.
Rat owners, I'm drawing a line in the sand.
Here's the thing, unless your pet rat
has the power to transmogrify into an incredible wizard
and he's your familiar, you have to stop.
I love the Family Circus way you say that word.
What?
Familiar.
Can you do me a favor?
What do you call the pasta that's just like long noodles
and you would put like a puttanesca sauce on top of it
and eat it?
Do you mean biscotti?
There we go.
Why do you have a rat-sized cake pan?
I have a bottle cap and a sense of creativity.
Let's be honest.
Do you think this person's ever showed up to a party like,
hey guys, I brought cake for your birthday.
Ah, fuck, I made it in a rat pan.
Shit.
Well, this is not gonna be enough for anybody, really.
I made a cracker, so I made.
Also, thanks for inviting me to a party.
I own rats, so it doesn't happen.
Oh no, you're dumping pig's blood on me.
How could this happen?
Again.
So that's gonna do it for us here on My Brother, My Brother,
and Me.
We hope you had as much fun listening as we had recording.
Thank you to people who are tweeting about our program.
Like Patrick Malone had a sweet baby boy named Griffin
born on Valentine's Day.
I know.
It's adorable.
Wait, I think it's because somebody asked me on Twitter
like a few months ago if that was cool.
I named my son after you.
Yeah.
Guys, that's lovely.
That's wonderful.
This is the first I'm hearing about that
because I don't read Twitter, I guess.
So congratulations, Patrick.
Thank you to others tweeting about the show like Matt.
Kate Earlwine, who said that she dreamt she won an NBNBA prize
package with two raincoats, sparkle bouncy balls, smiley face
yo-yos, and a space t-shirt.
So yep, you're welcome.
Thanks to Joe Smith, Brooke Takkar, BTA, who hasn't listened
to our show but is thinking about it.
Come on, BTA.
Marshall Henderson, Jay Dez, Chris Letty, Mark Beatty, Bill
Humphrey, Lauren, Bad Dad Aura, Root, Matt Warren, so many
others.
Thank you so much.
We sure appreciate it.
If you want to share, get somebody onto the NBNBAM train,
send them a link to our sampler.
It's bit.ly forward slash NBNBAM 2013 or bit.ly forward slash
It's My Bim Bam.
I want to thank Travis.
I want to thank Travis for being here, fighting off the
plague to record this episode.
You guys can't hear the sounds of his disease, but they're
there.
I edited him out and he is a trooper and I'm proud of him.
Thank you, Travis.
Now, Travis, if things, I'm sure you're going to get better,
but if things break bad and they don't go your way, you need
to be ready.
So I want to remind you to head to LegalZoom.com.
It's not a law firm, but it provides self-help services at
your specific direction.
You can enter discount code my brother and you're going to
save some money.
So get that sorted out before things get worse or better, as
I'm sure they will.
But if they don't, but if they don't, I will also probably
spend some time laying on the couch, checking out Hulu Plus.
Because Hulu Plus is where you can binge on thousands of
features anytime, anywhere.
And I'm going to rock out that free trial of Hulu Plus by
going to HuluPlus.com slash my brother.
Guys, I have huge, huge ass news.
This news has the biggest ass.
The 2014 Max Fund Drive is coming up.
During the last two weeks of March, you can tune in to
support your favorite podcast, like, I don't know, us, and I
don't know, Sawbones, and stop podcasting yourself, and Jordan
Jesse Go, and Bullseye, and throw in the shade.
And my brother, my brother, and me.
My brother, my brother, and me.
I already did us.
I know, but I'm repeating it because it's very important that
they support us above all others.
Except for Sawbones, definitely Sawbones.
You can toss them a pity vote here and there, but mostly my
brother, my brother.
So starting March 17th, we will be running some of our best
shows of the year and offering spectacular thank you gifts to
get you in the giving spirit.
We usually do pretty extra length, extra size apps.
And then we have a bonus episode that goes out to donors
that we've done.
Have we done four at this point?
Or we've done three, and this will be our fourth, I think.
I think that's right.
I think, I don't.
No, because we wouldn't have done one in 2010.
We wouldn't have done one in 2010, yeah.
Well, no, but 11, 12, 13, and this will be our fourth.
Except we didn't join MaxFun until the middle of-
We have some bonus episodes.
We have a number of episodes.
And if you're a donor, then you get all of them.
So we also have other bonuses that we will talk about once
the drive starts on the 17th that we give out to donors.
All three of us are donors, which is kind of weird
because that money go right back in our pockets.
No, not really.
I love what this network does.
And I spend almost as much time as I do doing anything else
in my life listening to podcasts on MaxFun.
So don't miss it.
MaxFun Drive starts March 17th, and it runs for just two weeks.
You can listen in.
You can sign up to support us and catch the best shows
that we have to offer.
Holy crap.
It's happening, you guys.
I want to thank also John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
which is on the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
You can find it on iTunes.
You can find it at stores, but you should get it
because it's really, really fucking good.
Thank you again for listening.
Griffin, do you have a final question for us to enjoy?
I do.
This one was sent in by Emerald member, Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo!
It's by Yahoo! answer to user, James, who asks,
how did Obama get Jay Leno fired?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
Kiss your dad.
Score.
And the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
I am so proud to be an American and to be hosting Throwing Shade with you.
I am proud to have really deep brown eyes.
Well, this is actually supposed to be, you know,
this is supposed to be a thing so that people listen to our show.
I've just been so busy this week.
But I'm very happy to be here.
The podcast is called?
It's called Throwing Shade.
You're the co-host, yeah.
So Throwing Shade, we talk about-
You're the gay co-host.
I'm the female co-host.
I always forget.
We're friends in real life.
Call me.
Call me.
Call me.
Call me.
Call me.
We're friends in real life, kind of.
And we talk about lady and gay issues.
Yeah.
And we talk about them in a way that is really disrespectful.
Yeah.
If you love the world and hate yourself.
Please listen to Throwing Shade.
Yeah.
