The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show from the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother Travis of McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy. And amber is the color of our energy. We made it.
Guys, we did it. I knew that this would come around the bend. Now I see. Now we finally done did it.
This is the one we got. Travis, look at the email you sent out about the show notes,
and you tell me what we done did. Now see, I tried to do a 7-Eleven branded episode,
and you said no. But 3-Eleven branded it? Ugh. 7-Eleven happens every year. I mean, that's
optimistic. But like, we'll probably get another one of those. This only happens once. It's 3-Eleven,
the episode. Alright, well now I'm just like taking the email full of questions and all the
Yahoo answers I found and throwing them right in the dumpster. And I'm shutting the dumpster
and calling the dumpster company to come take it away. Well, this is all of your 3-Eleven related
Yahoo answers questions. Yeah, well there are a few of those. Uh, yeah. Um, what other songs did
3-Eleven do? All Mixed Up? Was that them? That was one of their hits, right? Yeah. Let's establish
some parameters before we get too deep on this. What's our main number 3-Eleven? I know that
amber is the color of their energy. Whoa. I think they did Bubbly Toes. Okay, they did Bubbly Toes.
Now, um, a lot of people say, Justin, how do you, uh, identify a, uh, a real artist? You know,
how can you judge by their music? No, you can't. Can you judge by their look? No, you can't.
Um, what you can judge by is whether or not that they have sponsored a, uh, NASCAR stock car
as a 3-Eleven for Jeb Burton in 2015. If you're, uh, looking for it, look between the logos of,
uh, Dr. Pepper and Maxim magazine, and right there you'll find the logo for the band 3-Eleven.
Oh my god. Couldn't really afford a lot of car space, huh? No, not a big car space on that one.
Can you pay to have somebody else's logo put onto a NASCAR? Yeah, it's kind of like how you can put
by somebody's name on a star. By the way, I did buy a name for a star and I named it 3-Eleven.
You guys know which star? The sun. The sun is named 3-Eleven. It was crazy. Like I was on the
star registry website and they're like, pick a star. And I was like, let's just try the sun.
Nobody damn thought of it first. So now the sun's named 3-Eleven. Please only refer to it as that
because it's, and it's appropriate because it is the only source of light and heat in my life.
Do you think it's possible that Jeb Burton was looking at his car and he's like,
all right, you guys put whatever you want on here. This one's for Jeb.
Just fucking slapping the 3-Eleven sticker on my car. That was just a sticker he picked up at a
concert. That was not a sponsorship in any way. Could we pay to have 3-Eleven sponsor every car
in NASCAR a little bit so that no matter what car wins, it's the 3-Eleven car?
Do you guys know about the rumor that 3-Eleven was a racist name for a band?
Learning about this from Yahoo Answers because the letter K is the 11th letter of the alphabet
and so three Ks would be KKK and it doesn't necessarily seem to sort of align with the
message of most of the band 3-Eleven songs, which are mostly just sort of about chill beach vibes.
Are they?
For the most part, yes. The actual origin of it is-
Wait, can I guess?
Yeah, please.
See if I know this. Is 3-Eleven the police code for smoking weed?
No, it is the police code for indecent exposure. You see, a man named P-Nut.
They were skinny dipping in a public pool.
Peter Nut.
Peter Nut got arrested. He was cuffed naked and taken home to his parents.
There, he was issued for a citation for a code 3-Eleven.
We thought this was funny, so we took it as our band name.
After the humor-
It really got famous and now we hate it.
After the humor of the name wore off, you mean like 15 minutes later?
We still kept it because we liked that it was just abstract and did not define us in any way.
Cool.
I mean, that's true. I have basically no impressions about 3-Eleven as a band.
I have no like, concepts of it. I do want to give them their propers, though.
I want to give them some credit.
According to Wikipedia, their music is a blend of rock, reggae, hip-hop, and funk.
So God bless them, because somebody had to read that and say,
hmm, okay, good. Let's make a CD out of it. Let's make a CD out of that.
Yeah, here's some money.
Here's some money. Let's make a CD out of this.
We have a ton of it, apparently. It's the 90s. We don't know what to do with money.
We're children tickling ourselves with razors.
Truckin' Peanut was like, but I want to make a reggae CD.
And fuckin' Zach was like, nah, man, all rock for me.
And he lowered his shades and started smoking.
You got your rock in my reggae. You got your reggae in my rock.
So there are other genres that they've been classified as are alternative rock, reggae rock,
rap rock, funk rock, alternative metal, and nu metal.
Jesus. Alternative and nu metal. Both of the metals. Great.
Whatever you're doing.
You guys heard the story about how Amber came about, right?
One of their dads had a cold, and he was trying to sneeze.
And he went, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop.
They're like, that was crazy. Can you do that at games?
Like, yeah, sure. Whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop.
They just fuckin' recorded it. Put that down on the track. Put some reggae over it, baby.
311 has a Caribbean cruise.
No.
Yep, the 311. It's called 311 Caribbean Cruises.
It's a partner between 311 and Jonathan Coulton.
They had Tom Green, Doug Benson, Less Than Jake, Revolution, Ex-Savvy.
This actually sounds not bad. I would probably get on this cruise.
This sounds all right now that I'm listening to it.
What if they're really cool?
They're probably pretty-
Here's what I think. I actually believe this in my heart.
I think that if you have had a big hit or two, and then you've managed to have any level of
consistency and can still maintain a career from music after that,
you're probably a pretty decent human being.
And not only that-
I feel like that's the only thing that propels you through.
It may be naive, but I feel the exact same thing, Justin.
That I bet people might turn their nose up and say a Dave Matthews or a Sublime or a 311.
But I bet if you got the chance to chill with those dudes, it's probably chill as fuck.
Well, they'll still smoke you the fuck out for sure, Travis, is that what you're-
Yes, agreed.
And they'll also show you the drawings that their kids did.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They're just people.
They seem like reggae rock funk stars.
You know that all of their iPhone lock screens are like pictures of sweet pandas and stuff?
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Hey, before I unlock this to show you some of my kids' pictures that they drew,
did you check this panda?
Check out this chill funk panda.
It's a cool panda.
I have to imagine if you grow up and you come out of Nebraska and your whole thing is,
we're going to do a reggae rock band, you probably, I mean,
you at least have some thick skin, I think.
You at least could take some heat.
We're going to do some reggae nu metal.
Nebraska? Are you ready, Nebraska, to reggae nu metal rock?
Yeah, a little bit, I guess.
What kind of music are you guys into?
We're into a very steep uphill climb for many years
with very little recognition is what we're kind of all about.
This band started in 1988 AD, the year of our birth.
Are you kidding me?
No.
Are you telling me that we are careening towards 30 years of 311?
Happy 30th anniversary, 311.
Wow.
You're my favorite band.
1988, this band was born the year after me.
I remember the first time I heard 311, I was five.
It changed my life.
I just drank it in.
Let's do some advice, I think, for people.
Oh, we have a special guest this episode.
Should we talk about that?
Just like set it up and then hit that ball right in the hole later?
Yeah, that sounds good.
Joining us to be a guest, Bert, and I know you're listening,
it's going like, wait, another person is going to be on the show?
Yeah, we used to do that.
It's been like two years, but we have a fantastic author,
fantastic person, Patrick Rothfuss, is going to be on the show a bit later.
But for now, let's do our thing.
All right, here's our first question.
Today on the train, I caught a woman taking a picture of me with her phone.
Oh, boy.
The weird thing is that after we made eye contact,
she simply smiled and continued taking pictures.
Oh, my God.
The phone wasn't even muted, and I could hear the shutter noise of each picture.
I thought that she might be taking selfies,
but she followed me with her camera
even after I moved a few rows down in the train.
So my question is, what the fuck should I have done?
Sincerely, Tom Cruise.
Well, okay, so that one is.
That one's pretty obvious.
Okay.
Shutter shy in San Francisco, by the way.
Without discussing it, I want each of us to say
why we think this woman was taking pictures of this person.
Okay, kind of a choose your own adventure.
I love it.
Yeah, Justin, go.
Art.
Griffin?
Maybe they looked like one of their friends
and they wanted to text them a good picture of their face,
but they kept looking away or something.
Or alternate second guess, just like, I want to hedge my bets.
She's a pervert.
Oh, see, I was going to say pervert.
Okay.
You're going to end up taped to a wall with colored yarn
stretching between you and pictures of weapons
and I don't know, maybe the Pope.
Who knows?
What if you get a, you're going to get a parcel,
not through the postal service because that leaves a trail.
It's just going to show up on your door
and there's going to be a note that says,
I believe this should be to your specifications
and it'll be a very tasteful suit jacket.
I knew from the moment I saw you.
I must sue him.
To embroider you with my suitory.
Alternative explanation,
it is your great, great grandchild from the future.
Travel back to capture pictures of the day
that your whole life changed.
Yesterday, I was at a pool party
and a man showed up who was very drunk
and he looked exactly like Till Death Do Us Blart
and Worst Idea of All Time podcaster Guy Montgomery.
The whole like a hundo percent DNA code splice combo.
God, I would have been so fucking excited
until I realized it wasn't him.
I know.
He's got a pool party and Guy Montgomery shows up?
I know.
So I tried to, I thought in my head,
like it would be fun if I snapped a pic of this dude
and like sent a picture over Twitter to Guy Montgomery.
I bet he'd really enjoy it.
Only the guy was wearing a Speedo
and he was really partying hard
and I worried like the photog sesh on that would be
a little uncomfy.
The optics on that situation are not ideal.
Hey, stand up for me, bud.
Hey, get out of the pool and just like stand,
towel off, bud.
And just like-
No, no, put that dick away.
Hey, can you tooch?
Can you tooch your booch a bit?
Can you tooch your booch and smize your thighs?
And now our interaction is over
and I don't want you to speak to me anymore.
Yeah, I don't actually know you if you could stop, please.
That's the problem is that this woman,
I feel like there is an unspoken law in society
that if you're sneaking a peek, whether it's a picture
or just like scoping someone out of the corner of your eye,
once you are caught, that exchange is done, right?
Well, you can only get so wet.
You know what I mean?
Like-
That's what I'm saying.
But I'm saying that this is like a level of chaos
in society that I'm not willing to accept.
Oh no, don't get me wrong.
It's 24 seven purge out there, Travie.
Okay, because like I saw you do it.
Like I know you're doing it.
I'm looking at you while you're doing it
and you're continuing to do it.
And you're just doing it.
My only recourse, which is to notice you, has been weakened.
Has failed.
Yeah.
So now what am I supposed to do?
Confront you?
What?
That's the other thing is like you didn't say stop, right?
Like you didn't say, hey, cut it out.
Can you stop?
I'm going to have to confiscate that.
And then muting, not muting it is really bad.
This is the thing.
I wanted to touch on this real quick, Griffin.
I want to make a push in 2016.
If we can do nothing else, can we fucking cheese it?
With the camera noise when you take a pic.
I believe that that has never been used to any purpose
other than blowing up your spot.
Can you think of a time you've ever been happy
that that fucker went off?
Or is it like constantly your spot getting blown up
every single time?
Even before phones, we were using digital cameras.
When was the last time a camera made that noise ever?
That's a good point.
It doesn't make that noise.
I was in a toilet stall doing my thing in there,
having practice, having my fun, and I saw something very
funny on my cell phone that I was looking at.
And so I did a screen grab, only when you do a screen grab,
it makes the camera noise.
Thanks, Apple.
Thank you, Apple.
So for the optics on that, or I guess the audio on that
from my neighbor in the other bathroom stall,
so I was having a little photo session in there,
a little photog sesh.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think you may have told
this story before.
I don't think I have, Travis.
Or maybe it's multiple times this has happened.
Has this happened to you multiple times?
It's probably happened.
I like to save my phone memories, my internet memories
that I have with my Twitter pals.
Last night, I was looking up how to fight a gym in Pokémon Go.
And I screenshotted the instructions and Teresa heard
the camera go and said, oh, what are you taking
a screenshot of?
And you would have thought I was taking a screenshot
of how to kill someone because I was like, oh,
just directions for something.
It's nothing.
We have a neighborhood Facebook group that's actually
been very helpful for certain stuff and a nice little
community bonding thing.
And people have been talking about Pokémon Go all the time.
Apparently, all my neighbors are just going out
for late night Zubat sessions.
Is that that new exercise down at the gym?
Yeah, but it's all adults.
It is not children.
And I'm wondering if we can sort of take Pokémon Go away
from children so I feel a little bit more comfortable
running around catching my EVs and stuff.
I took Charlie out this morning to go look for Pokémon
and she was so excited and I put on her shoes and we just
went out walking and just looking for Pokémon.
I told her that's what we're doing, looking for Pokémon.
And we walked for like 10 minutes without spotting
a single Pokémon.
Every 15 seconds, she's looking up at me like, well,
any Pokémon yet, old man?
I was sold the pillow goods.
Answer's no.
I've never been more fucking humiliated as a dad.
What more embarrassing thing is there?
Like, no, I'm just waiting.
I'm hoping Mimota's song is going to drop me a Pokémon
down here.
Me and my baby girl are going to catch it.
I'm really sorry, sweetheart.
I just pretended because she's a baby.
We saw a squirrel and I was like, oh, come on.
We got one.
That's what she's going to talk in a therapy session
about when she's like 22.
That's more beautiful.
That's like, but this is the fuck thing that I'm saying
to you.
I was looking for digital imaginary Pokémon in my that
only exists in my phone.
And while my daughter and I were like traipsing around
the neighborhood, I saw a squirrel.
I was like, oh, fuck that.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Unless you can use quick attack.
Get the fuck out.
You guys want to have some candy?
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah, let me give this Yahoo to you.
Oops, I opened up a best credit cards of 2016.
I opened up an ad.
Well, all right.
Compare cards.
And it's the city simplicity.
No late fees.
Wait a minute.
These are that's a great deal.
I'm going to get on board deal.
You can get a thousand dollars instantly just for signing up.
Holy shit.
I just got somebody just gave me emailed me a thousand bucks.
Man, the Internet is attached.
You see those ads and you think like this is this is they're
trying to grift me.
But no, I just got another thousand.
That's two thousand.
This is by Yahoo Answers user.
They're anonymous.
Let's call them Purvis asks.
Oh, we sent him by level 9000.
Yeah, Drew, Drew, Drew Davenport.
Thank you.
Drew by Yahoo Answers sold me a Nintendo 64.
So I appreciate Drew.
Wow, really?
Any carts?
Any hot carts?
I got the Ocarina of Time.
Oh, nice.
Gold or regular gray?
Just regular.
But I remember my gold version that Justin gave to his ex-girlfriend.
That was fun and cool.
Anyway, was that the same day that you erased my Final Fantasy 7 game?
Yeah, it's a circle of life, the circle of being a shitty brother.
This anonymous user who I have named Purvis asks,
why don't pets need jobs, but humans do?
Good question.
Why don't pets need jobs?
People tell me to get a job, but why can't I be like a pet dog
and sit around all day relaxing?
That's another question that we need to circle back to.
Can anyone explain why pets are excused?
I mostly sit around playing video games or browsing the internet.
I get called useless for not working, but my pet dog gets called adorable.
You never call the pet useless to society.
Why not?
Aren't pets useless to society?
Oh, yeah.
They give humans comfort, but so do I.
I give my parents comfort and I get called mama's boy or childish.
Why do pets get rewarded for doing things humans get shamed for?
Update.
I know it sounds kind of silly, but I'm serious.
Update two.
I know some pets do have jobs like police dogs or service pets,
but most pets don't really do anything except eat, sleep,
go to the bathroom and have fun.
Simple life.
Okay, I want to draw one quick point of order.
Your career aspiration is to be a pet.
I am doubting you're bringing your parents a lot of comfort on the daily.
Maybe some light snuggling or maybe you got them a cold drink,
but on the bigger existential level,
I bet you're providing the absolute opposite of comfort to your parents.
That's an excellent point, Justin.
Are you putting in the comfort work that a dog does every damn day?
Like those dogs are not being comforting 10% of the time.
Can we all agree that this is the prologue to a TLC show about-
I'm a man.
I'm a living-
Hello, I am a man pet.
Yes.
You know, it was just one day I was sitting there and I,
I just realized like this is what I aspire to.
Like why, why do pets get to have all the relaxation fun, you know?
And now I live my life as a comfort dog.
Is there a career opportunity there?
If I ate food,
if I ate the same food every meal and it was relatively inexpensive,
like a kibble, but not a kibble because I, that's gross.
Um, but like, but like, or Luna bars.
If I just ate Luna bars every meal
and you knew just like, let's, we need to get a 36 pack of Luna bars.
This will keep Griffin for a week.
And then I would just like roll up.
You'd feed me a Luna bar three times a day.
And I would just like roll up on the couch and just like put my belly on you.
And that's it.
Like I wouldn't do any, I wouldn't work.
I would just eat my Luna bars.
I would go to, first of all, oh my God, I would beat the shit out of a dog.
First of all, I've been one.
So I know like the tactics.
Second of all, like, if you tell me like, shut the fuck up, we're trying to sleep.
I'd be like, oh, that's cool.
That's cool.
That's cool.
I'm just going to get myself one more Luna bar, an extra one.
Cause I've been a real good boy today.
And I'm also going to go to sleep.
This is a good point.
Cause the thing I like best about my dog is that she is both there
and often non-intrusive to my life.
So she's like there hanging out.
So I know there's like another living being accompanying me through this journey
we call life at all times when I am home.
But also she's not like asking me questions or trying to talk to me
while I'm playing video games.
If I could have that in a human being, just like pay someone to like,
just hang out and keep me safe and bark when someone tries to break into my home.
But also like, they don't need anything from me other than for me to occasionally be like,
who's a good boy?
And then I'm back to overwatch.
See, I can do that too.
Like all I need are my Luna bars and you tell me that I'm looking great today.
I don't know how to break this to you guys,
but there are human beings in this situation and they're called babies, okay?
Babies are in this situation.
We have all of us experienced the exact scenario that is being discussed here
and we decided, okay, I've had my fill.
I want to get my own Luna bars.
I want to go get a job.
It's baffling in hindsight.
We've all made terrible mistakes that have gotten us to this point.
Yeah, it was sick.
It was awesome.
Like, yeah, it was great.
We were all human pets at one point.
Jesus, Justin, you've blown the lid off of this
because I can remember a time when I was like 16, 17, 18
and all I wanted to do was get out there on my own
and own my own way and earn it for myself.
Like that was some trophy.
It was like a lie that had been taught to me for 18 years
that like what I really needed to do was get out from under my parents' wing.
Now all I want to do is get back under there.
If dad could just take care of me forever
while I played video games that didn't have to do shit,
I work a hard life podcasting.
It's exhausting.
This is the important thing though.
You can't play video games.
You have to watch like what dad's watching.
That's the thing.
I guess that's true because Buttercup doesn't get to play video games.
She has to watch goodies when I'm on TV.
But the thing is dad's always watching like Star Trek Deep Space Nine
and now I'm like, yes, feed me my Luna bars
and let's go on a deep space adventure, Nine.
Let's go on our ninth deep space adventure together.
That's fucking, that's, oh man.
Can, is it too late to become an adult baby?
I would need to do some research to figure out where the circles operate
that I can really ingratiate myself
because I feel like I would need to earn a little bit of cred.
So the next time I rolled up like, whoa, Griffin,
you're kind of, you kind of look like an adult baby right now.
I can, I can be like, yes, I've been a member of this circle for a while now.
Respect this.
You have to slow slope into adult baby.
You can't just go from like wearing, you know, a button up and khakis to diaper.
You gotta like, maybe you start wearing a pacifier on a ribbon around your neck.
And people are like, huh?
Okay, that's probably a better option, but I don't know what the first step is.
I don't, I wonder what the supply and demand optics are right now
on like adult team, like adult babies.
Like, is there a lot of positions sitting open
or is it very competitive, do you think?
Well, let me check on Craigslist real quick.
Oh, God. Oh, God.
It's so competitive. Holy shit.
Anything but that.
What, you need three years experience just to apply
for this adult team baby position?
How am I supposed to get the experience of a baby?
Wait a minute, I do have three years experience being a baby.
I have at least seven.
It took me a while to get over the hump.
You know what, I'm, I wasn't body trained until I was seven.
That's not true.
That's just a goof for the podcast.
That's a goof for the podcast.
I was six.
So we were very excited.
I'm gonna jump in here, take a little break
from the old questions.
We're gonna do a pre-money zone, money zone real quick.
Yes, a pre-promo, promo.
If you've ever played the game Monikers
or know of the game Monikers,
you know that it is extremely fun and exciting.
It's one of our favorite games,
one of our favorite party games.
And we are partnering with them to do
my brother and my brother and me slash McElroy collection of Monikers cards,
specifically relating to the McElroy's and McElroy family of shows.
Here's a 30 second rundown on Monikers
if you haven't played it.
It's really, really fun.
Your team draws cards and then you look at your card
and you have to guess, make your teammates guess
what the card says just by talking about it.
That's first round.
Second round, use the same batch of cards,
but you can only say a single word
and you have to get your team to guess it.
And then the third round, you just can use actions,
no words at all to make them guess the word
and whoever gets the most cards after three rounds wins.
And the cards are weighted with extra points for more difficult ones
and easier ones are worth less points.
It's fucking great.
It's a super, super fun game.
And it's, we're really excited because we have,
just to give you an idea, I'm gonna read through a few.
We've got like specific Bim Bam ones,
like Bramble Pelt, Corncob Boy,
Griffin's Ghost Who Wants His Internet History Deleted,
King Nugget, et cetera, Torcy, et cetera.
We've also got general ones that people
who don't listen to the show could do,
like regular size Scott Magula or Mr. Belvedere
or a haunted dollar, Austin Powers, et cetera.
And then we have ones related to some of the other shows
in the McElroy family of podcasts,
like Adventure Zone, Sawbone, Schmanter's,
Trance Like These, Bunker Buddies, Rose Buddies,
and then about people involved with each of those shows.
So there's a ton of cards, I think like 112,
something like that in all.
And we have written the card text for every single one
we wrote ourselves,
which was a significant expenditure of energy,
but it was really fun to do
because we've never done anything like that before.
So that was cool.
Now here's the deal with it.
This is an expansion of monikers.
The base game of monikers, if you have it,
you can buy this expansion and it costs you 10 bucks
and then you can get the whole expansion
in a cool looking package and what all.
If you don't have monikers already,
you can go to McElroyCollection.com,
McElroyCollection.com, singular,
and that's actually where you can pre-order
the expansion as well.
But if you go to McElroyCollection.com,
you can pre-order the card set and also a set of monikers.
So you'll have everything you need to start playing.
You can also play it standalone.
It's more fun with more cards
and the base set has like a ton of cards
and is really fun.
And we should also be clear,
we're only selling this at pre-order at this point.
Once the pre-order is done,
there won't be more orders after that.
We don't have plans to sell it.
Right now, we don't have plans to sell it
as a standalone thing after the pre-order.
The pre-order is gonna be the only way.
We may do a second run way down the road
or something like that.
But for the, like you will not be able to like,
at least the plan currently,
you will not be able to order these.
There'll be 30 days of pre-ordering and then that's it.
And they should be in before Christmas by the holidays.
So like November, possibly October,
but definitely by the holiday shopping season,
you should have them in your hot little hands.
Go to McElroyCollection.com
and at the very least,
check out the amazing art that's going to be up the box.
It makes me very happy every time I look at it.
It's fantastic.
Yeah, it's worth it just to look at that.
McElroyCollection.com, pre-order that.
You have 30 days.
We'll try to remind you a couple of times.
Oh, one other thing.
A portion of sales from this
are gonna go to an organization called Grow Huntington
that actually is an urban farm
that is spinning up here in Huntington
to assist people who are in drug addiction recovery
and are using farming as sort of a therapy
to help them with that.
And that's a really cool organization here in Huntington
and a portion of every sale goes to them.
So you're helping out a good cause too.
Let's go to that money zone.
We're sponsored in part this week by Casper.
We've talked about Casper before.
They make amazing mattresses.
My wife and I sleep on one
and I can't imagine ever going back
to any other form of mattress other than...
I used to sleep on those old like crappy spring mattress things
that dug into you and made sleeping a chore.
Casper makes sleeping a dream
and that's a blurb that they can put on the box.
Like video games.
It's a very...
It's kind of a confusing blurb because like...
Casper makes sleeping a dream?
That's a fucking pull quote, Griffin.
That's amazing.
Are you kidding me?
It's clever.
It's witty.
Okay, it doesn't matter.
It just shows me it's really great.
And they have a risk-free trial and return policy.
You can sleep on a Casper mattress for a hundred days
and then if you don't like it,
there's painless returns and free delivery.
So I highly recommend it.
And I wouldn't just say that
because they are sponsoring the show.
I would say that if anybody asks me
because it's my favorite mattress
I've ever slept on in my entire life.
And because you are my brother,
my brother and me listener,
you can get $50 off towards any mattress,
which are already a great deal
and you're gonna find them cheaper
than any of those big mattress stores
because they cut down on their overhead.
They save you money
and we're gonna save you money.
$50 towards any mattress.
Go to Casper.com slash my brother
and use the promo code mybrother.
All one word at checkout.
Terms and conditions apply.
I wanna tell you about Club W.
Here's my tagline for them.
As long as we're generating these.
Wine is fine.
It's pretty good.
So Club W, what they do is they will send you wine
and they're gonna figure out what kind of wine
is gonna be good for your special snowflake of a tongue
and all the different buds on there.
You fill out a quick little questionnaire
and then based on that,
they figure out what kind of wine you like
and then they send it to you.
Right now, Club W is offering listeners
20 bucks off your first order
when you go to clubw.com slash my brother
and it gets better.
You don't have to pay for shipping.
They'll pay for your shipping
on orders of four bottles or more
and of course you're gonna order four bottles.
What's the point getting like,
I'm gonna order one bottle off the inner,
oops, it's all gone.
I watched a single episode of The Bachelorette
and I drank all my wine, dang it.
Because I needed it.
I needed it to get through this show.
I was just gonna say that that's not
because I don't like The Bachelorette.
It's just an extreme intense show.
I just wanted to make that clear.
No, yeah, you need something.
I don't want another fish gate happening.
Just take something off your to-do list.
Go to clubw.com slash my brother.
Get 20 bucks off your first order right now.
That's clubw.com slash my brother.
I got a personal message for us.
It's from McDrunk who says,
hi guys, thanks for the goose.
Now this is a short message
so I wanna make sure you actually get every word right
because it's actually, hey guys.
Hey guys.
Thanks for the goose.
There were six words and you blew one.
You did screw up one of them.
That's like an 18.6% repeating.
But since the message is to us,
we've already consumed it.
I mean, it's there.
Oh, you're right.
We shouldn't have read this out loud.
This was just for us.
This is a private message.
This is a $100 DM that was sent to us by McDrunk.
Honestly, we should put a breathalyzer on the Jumbotron.
We absolutely, oh my God.
It would cut the number down by at least 70%.
Which would be good for us actually.
Especially when you consider that
we're sold out six months in advance.
McDrunk probably bought this in January.
They've probably been dreading this moment for half a year.
Yeah.
Hey, congratulations on the confrontation
of your darkest demons.
I have a message, another one for AJ Cluck.
And it is from D Money.
And it says, for the McElroy brothers,
thank you for making my favorite person laugh
with your internet chit chat.
You are blessed to have his precious Canadian ears
listening every week.
I thank you very much.
For AJ, you are the absolute coolest.
Thanks for being my best friend.
Happy fake Valentine's day.
Oh yeah, 7-11.
The fake Valentine's day every year.
That or we beefed it on the timing.
So maybe the baddest we've ever beefed.
Yeah, we're like at the inverse.
We're very, very far off.
It's hate day.
What's the opposite of Valentine's day?
Six months later.
Here's some butt chocolates.
I don't even know what those are.
Here's some, here's some nails.
Here's some cigarette butts
in a nice decorative heart shaped box.
Um, so good for all that.
For both of you, AJ and D Money.
May you live happily ever after, I guess.
Hey guys, this is Adam Conover.
You may know me from my true TV show,
Adam Ruins Everything.
Well, guess what?
Now we're doing a podcast version
right here on Maximum Fun.
What we do is we take all the interesting,
fascinating experts that we talked to
for just a couple of minutes on the show
and we sit with them for an entire podcast,
really going deep and getting into
the fascinating details of their work.
Find Adam Ruins Everything
wherever you get your podcasts
or at MaximumFun.org.
We are now going to share with you
our interview with guestpert,
Patrick Rothfuss.
Even if you aren't familiar with his work,
I think you're really going to enjoy it.
There's a lot of interesting discussion
about parenthood and creating stories
and he's just a really cool fella
and we really enjoy talking with him
and I think you're going to enjoy that.
But we will be back with you
right after that interview,
which is taking away us from four days ago.
I'm very excited, ladies and gentlemen,
to introduce our guest,
our special guestpert on this episode.
I've been a fan for many, many years of his work
to the point where my friends and I
would have like conspiracy theory level discussions
on what we thought was going on in the stories.
And I know that that is not uncommon.
We are joined this week by,
I'm going to say at this point,
I'm just going to go ahead and say legendary author,
Patrick Rothfuss,
author of the Kingkiller Chronicles
and regular fixture on the
Dungeons and Dragons,
Wizards of the Coast podcast,
Acquisitions Incorporated member,
just general kind of cool internet nerd dude.
Welcome, Patrick.
Hey there.
Sorry to try to feel the need to label you like that.
Jeez.
Yeah, jeez.
I just, I like to know who my people are at any given,
it makes me feel safer.
I will say I am more comfortable with internet nerd
than legendary fantasy author.
Yeah.
Now-
Legendary makes me feel like a little bit of a collectible.
Master of the quill.
Patrick, a quick Google of you,
according to Google,
you are influenced by,
and these are the only two it says,
William Shakespeare and George R.R. Martin.
So is that about sum it up?
You know-
Is it just those two?
If I was, yeah, that's pretty much,
those are the only two things I've ever read.
I'm going to squish these bad boys together,
see what happens.
You got your George R.R. Martin in my Shakespeare.
You got your Shakespeare in my George R.R. Martin.
Yeah, pretty much just the histories of Shakespeare
and only the second and the fourth Martin books.
Did it make as much sense as if you had just read them
from the beginning?
I wonder what metric,
what weird fucking Google thing pulled up those
as my influences.
Like how the hell did that happen?
It does say, I will say it says comma more.
So there are other-
Also Judy Blume.
Yeah.
Patrick, we have a big list of questions here.
Travis, you curated these.
How many jerks did we get asking about book three
and did you put those jerks in the garbage?
I did.
I threw those jerks right away.
I burned them off the internet like a wart.
So we won't have to worry about that anymore.
All the questions,
we asked you some topics you felt comfortable giving advice on
and you just kind of went with it.
I felt comfortable giving advice on
and you said storytelling and parenting.
So we've got an interesting grab bag of those two sets.
Let's start off.
We've had to start putting those expertise areas out there
because I think we had like Elizabeth Gilbert,
author of Eat, Pray, Love on the show,
dear friend of the family.
And everybody's like, my garbage disposal is broken.
How do I fix it?
Oh man, I really missed out.
Did we in turn go ahead and ask her that question?
I mean, we could have at any point stepped in
and not done that.
Listen, there were a lot of steps in that process
that we fucked up.
We did bad.
We get that.
We get that now.
And now Elizabeth Gilbert won't talk to us anymore.
I understand that we did bad.
But here's the first question.
I've never held a baby
and me and my wife are trying to conceive.
I'm genuinely worried that I'm going to hold the baby wrong.
What would be the best way to hold a newborn in your opinion?
That's from Nathan and Yukon
and like two of the three brothers on this show right now.
Yeah, also, yes.
Oh, are you like gearing up for babying?
Yeah.
Travis and I are both,
and with our respective wives,
we are both expecting.
We're not expecting with each other
in some sort of weird incestuous junior situation.
It's worth noting, Patrick, before you hop in,
I do have a two-year-old
so they could have fucking asked me at any point,
but that's fine.
You know, here's the thing, we're grown ass adults, Joseph.
Patrick Roth is on the show
and he'll tell you how to hold a baby.
We're grown ass adults
and sometimes it's really disheartening
and kind of embarrassing to go,
how do I hold a tiny human?
So how do you?
The thing is, I will say,
actually, I'm going to come to your defense.
Generally speaking, there's not a community
of guys talking about being dads.
You know, culturally, women get together.
It's valued in the culture.
Women feel free to ask these questions,
share information,
but it's not a typical dude thing.
Now, what I've discovered is that geek dudes,
we like to do everything to the best of our ability
and we like to mine for data.
And so we're an interesting subsection
of the population.
And so there is a lot of geek dad talk.
But anyway, with holding a baby and here,
I'm sorry, this will be irritatingly frank advice,
which is kind of boring.
But the most important thing is to get in there
because the baby's going to get born.
You're going to be freaked out
and you're going to be thinking
exactly what everybody thinks.
They're going to be like, oh no, I'm going to fuck it up.
It's, this is such a like essential part of it,
but this is one area in which
like I think we have it not great off.
And that is that parenting books
and like baby books aimed at dudes
are almost invariably the fucking pits.
Like without any useful information whatsoever,
the stuff in these books is like,
make sure to build yourself a man cave
that the baby's not allowed in,
that you put all your football trophies.
In dudes you're getting a dad,
the book that I read and encouraged you,
it said you probably have a hard time connecting
with your unborn baby.
And it suggested drawing football plays
on your pregnant wife's stomach
and explaining them to the fetus
to encourage some sort of basic human connection.
And I'm like, and I'm like,
which bones in there do I need to not touch
because they're crazy baby bones
and they're super weak.
And if I touch it while holding it wrong,
like I lose.
Well, I think what Patrick is saying,
if I might paraphrase,
there's no wrong way to hold a baby.
Well, no, no, actually what I will say,
and as you will quickly learn,
I lack the ability to make simple declarative statements.
Every question that I respond to,
if not everything that I fucking say
ends up being a little story.
So here's the story.
I'm in the delivery room.
I've been on team baby.
I've been minding my position, right?
Because in the delivery room,
you are not the fucking captain of the ship
and you are not the first mate.
And you're just, you're like way down.
You're the poor orphan that's stowed away
in the basement of the ship,
hiding in a discarded gin barrel,
hoping you're not discovered.
Just trying to get to the new world.
At best, you're some sort of bosun,
you know, like Gideon Forsen.
And so baby gets born
and I have an amazing midwife there
who's helping out, which is a whole different story.
You know, because the first thing is
you gotta cut the umbilical cord
and she goes and she hands me the scissors.
And I'm like, oh no, I'm fine.
This has been a great experience.
I'm full of all sorts of emotions,
but like, you know how to do this
and I'm a fucking idiot.
So how about you use the surgical implement
and I will just stand here.
And she handed it to me and she goes,
do it.
And so I did it.
You know, and I'm like, okay, I did it.
She was right about my capabilities.
I could do this.
First thing, of course, you get the baby
on the mom's chest.
So the baby gets skin to skin contact,
super important.
And then after a little bit,
I did get a chance.
And what I said was, oh no, no, that's okay.
Let's get a bunch of that skin to skin.
Let's leave the baby on the mom.
But all I was doing was like, I don't know.
I don't want to do it wrong.
That's the fear.
And so she said, do it.
And she puts the baby in my arms
and I'm super careful.
And that's how I started doing it.
And the more you do it,
the better you get at it.
But you can't start getting good at it
until you start.
And so you got to start like fucking hour one.
Get in there, hold it, and then you'll start.
You'll be a fucking pro inside of three months.
You'll learn the upside down.
You'll learn the leg over the top.
You'll learn the backwards.
You'll learn if you lay them on the left hand side,
they fart better.
Yeah.
What really?
Does that work for adults too?
See, skin to skin was your first mistake, Patrick.
You got to go skin to football.
I had my baby on a football.
The moment she was born,
she was lying on a football just to get that connection
between her and football, which I love so much.
I was, of course, referring to a pigskin.
A pigskin.
Fantastic.
Fantastic.
Very good.
Naturally.
It's good.
You can do the skin to skin as a dad too.
Don't be afraid, guys.
Take that shirt off.
Get some skin to skin going.
It's good.
No matter what the doctor or midwife says.
Yeah.
But I mean, not right away.
You can do skin to skin for a long time.
Yeah.
And honestly, I mean, here's your interesting science fact.
If you put the baby on the mom, if the baby is too hot,
the skin to skin contact, the mom's body will regulate
the baby's body temperature.
That's babies.
Crazy babies, too.
It is.
This is fucking like this is why we've survived as a species.
The baby's too cold.
The mama actually heats up and warms up the baby.
But here's the here's the tricky bit.
If the baby is too hot, the mom's body cools down to bring
the baby's body temperature down.
What?
Yeah.
Yeah.
What does my body do?
And here's you get you get half of that.
Okay.
You're not, you know, you're not, you know, Wolverine.
You don't get the full suite of powers.
But you're like Dazzler, right?
You know, where if you have the baby on your chest, you know,
skin to skin, if the baby is too cold, a dad's body will warm
up and warm up the baby.
But you don't get the other side where you can cool it down.
So it's half.
Dads aren't cool.
You heard it here first.
Well, I think we all knew that already.
Can I read one off this list?
Yes.
We got a bunch.
And I really only want to hear about the stuff that's
interesting to me.
That's a pro interviewer tip that I learned from Barbara Walters
is the one who does the interviews.
I've been slowly building a world for use in DMing or maybe
try my hand at writing short stories when it comes to creating
a world from scratch.
What was your first step or maybe baseline, i.e. geography,
religion, world events, Brian?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Brian is the person who has that.
You got to get a good Brian in there.
And then you sort of spiral out from there.
I think a lot of people are looking for a recipe, which is
very understandable.
You're kind of you want to do a good job at this thing.
And so you're like, how do you make a good fantasy world?
And what happens a lot of times is people look to the classics.
You look to Tolkien because he's like granddaddy.
Tolkien has this.
His shadow is long over the fantasy world.
And and so people look at that and they go, OK, you need a
bunch of poetry.
You need a bunch of fake languages.
You need mythology.
You need a big history that goes back 5000 years.
But here's the thing.
That's not what makes a good fantasy world or a good world
of whatever sort you're creating.
What made that good is that Tolkien was a huge geek for all
of those things.
He studied the like Norse Edda's and he was a linguistics
nut and he loved history.
And so, of course, all of those things that he was super
passionate about informed the world that he was creating.
But odds are, you are not all of those things.
So if you try to follow Tolkien's recipe, you're just not going
to know as much about those things and you won't be as
excited about them.
And that passion won't show up in the world you're making.
So generally speaking, I mean, in my world, there's a lot
about economy and about coinage and money.
And that's because I'm kind of a geek for that stuff.
There's a lot about like religion and philosophy because
I'm kind of a geek for that.
Some sociology and psychology, a lot of hard science because
I was almost a chemical engineer.
Those things, you know, are what kind of make the cornerstones
of my world.
But nobody ever says, where's all your elf poetry, Rothfuss,
because you need that.
Yeah.
Well, at least not to your face.
Not to my face, right?
Whenever I start reading a new fantasy series, I'm always
impressed that it always seems like they put so much thought
into how magic works in their specific world.
Is that a good, because that's one of my favorite things
about the Kingkiller Chronicles is like the explanation of
sympathy and like how magic works specifically in the world
you've created.
Is that a good base point for a fantasy writer or is that
something that comes out of the world you've built?
It definitely has a big impact on the world.
And if you are interested in it and if you like it, you can
you like it, then absolutely you should you should do that.
It's really interesting to note that Tolkien doesn't do any
of that, you know, and like those books are fairly
successful.
And but think about it, like, what do you know about what
Gandalf can do?
He can blow a smoke ring and then put a ship in it, I think.
Right.
Well, that's not that's not magic.
Like, look at any vape tricks compilation video that goes
viral on Facebook and like people are doing way crazier
shit than that now.
But like he like actually Gandalf is kind of crap in terms
of the magic department.
You look at the Hobbit, what does he do?
He like makes a couple of like flashes and sets pine cones
on fire.
Big deal.
I could do that.
But there's no big magic system there.
You may have just ruined those books for me because I'm
thinking back at like all this stuff like, wait, he turned
gray and then he turned white.
What did? Why? Why did that?
Why did he do this?
Why did this happen?
Yeah, he not he had a there was a big monster coming at him
and the Balrog, you know what he did?
He knocked himself off a bridge.
He broke a bridge he was on.
Good job.
Good magic, bud.
Good magic.
Get your shit together Gandalf, geez.
Yeah, do something.
Hey, Patrick, I understand starting a fantasy world with
what I like, but what if I only like garbage?
I can't very well build a fantasy world about discontinued
cereals, which is the only thing I'm interested in.
You know, I would argue that I would I would love I would
maybe not a fantasy world, but I could see a dystopian future.
Yeah, or that's the currency.
Yeah, it's three.
See, there you go.
Three crunch berries to a to a boo berry.
I can't tell if Justin's joking or not because we've been
taught the three of us with our dad.
We do a Dungeons and Dragons podcast that I DM and we've
talked about like when my campaign is over, us taking
turns trying the DM mantel on and Justin, you seemed to
prickle at the thought of of of building a fantasy world.
I'm wondering how much truth there is to you there.
It's infinite truth, Griffin.
It's 100 percent true.
I feel like I don't have a creative bone in my body as far
as that stuff goes.
I just don't have you know, not every the world needs
farmers to Griffin.
Not everybody can create a fantasy world.
Yeah, Justin's too busy working the land to get in there
and make up a D&D campaign.
Watch me bridge this, guys.
This is the best segue I've ever performed in my life.
I really want to back that up.
My two boys because I got one who's six, one who's two, and
I tell little stories with with the older boy.
And a lot of them are, you know, you could call them
collaborative storytelling.
But what I'm really doing is I'm role playing without the
dice, you know, and I put him in a situation and I say, you
find a cave and you go into the cave and what do you do?
And then he gives answers and I tell the story.
And I always kind of was hoping that he would take off more
and more and tell the stories himself.
But he doesn't like that.
He likes being the character in the world.
Now, my littler boy, who's only two and a half, you give him
the slightest starting point and he will, like, launch into
telling a story.
My daughter is almost two.
Currently, she's only interested in ingesting Pee-Wee's
Playhouse.
So the the pretending in our house currently is one hundred
percent Pee-Wee's Playhouse themed.
I portray Terry and Captain Carl when I can find the hat.
My wife is Cowboy Curtis and my daughter is Pee-Wee sometimes
and also Missy Vaughn when I feel like going to find the
dress that she has to wear to be Missy Vaughn.
So, yeah, it's great.
It's actually like makes my life super weird because sometimes
I walk in my room to talk to my wife and my wife's not there.
Cowboy Curtis is, so I've got to talk through Cowboy Curtis.
It sounds like you already started a really cool DM session,
Justin.
Yeah.
We have a question here from Andy.
Do we have a responsibility as parents to sometimes deliberately
frighten our children with scary stories, movies, video games,
et cetera?
That's a great question.
And I'm so torn to give, like, some really bad advice here.
I don't think there's good advice to be had.
Yeah, man.
I'm not going to lie to you.
There's a huge amount of delight to be gained by terrifying
your child.
You know, like, especially if you're in a bit of a mood or
they're being, like, a little bit of a dick, that will happen.
I mean, we love our kids, right?
But they can still be dicks.
Well, I love my brothers and they're dicks all the time.
And he spooks us.
He sends me pictures of ghosts, like, every day.
And so here's a great example of maybe I can show you the good
and the bad.
You know, we're all in bed.
Sarah still sleeps with the boys.
I don't, because I'm huge and the bed isn't big enough.
And so we're all in bed.
We've been reading some stories.
It's time for sleep.
And Sarah says to the older boy, says to Ute, OK, go pee.
It's time for bed.
And it's nighttime.
And it's really easy to forget, as an adult, how terrifying
the dark is, you know?
And he's like, come with me, come with me.
And I'm like, you know, it's down the hallway.
You can turn the lights on.
You can do it.
And it's important for him to get over this a little bit.
Sarah has worked out a compromise where she'll let
him go, but she'll tell him a story so he can hear her
voice, and that's reassuring.
And it gives him enough so that he can go and turn on the
lights and be brave.
And to practice being brave.
And so he goes, will you tell me a story?
And I go, sure.
And so he starts to go.
And I hear his little feet going off.
And I go, once upon a time, there was a little boy, and he
lived in a house with a thousand ghosts made of bone.
And I hear him go, ah.
And then, doop, doop, doop, doop, doop, doop, doop, doop,
like his feet as he's running back into the room.
And he jumps onto the bed.
And I laugh.
And he's like, dad.
And it's OK.
This was a play.
It's a play we're doing.
And so then I go, OK, I'm sorry.
So he gets up, and he starts going again.
And he goes, no bones in this story.
And I go, OK, I'll tell you a story with no bones.
And he goes, OK, once upon a time, there was a boy, and
there was a ghost that ate pee, and it was under the
floor, and it lived near the toilet.
And he comes running back, you know?
And it turns into this big joke.
He keeps going, and I keep telling him a story about a
pee ghost that lives in the floor, and it would come up
when he pees in the toilet, and it's going to get his pee.
Just want to say real quick that ghost that eat pee, you
are completely on brand right now, Patrick Rothfuss, for
the MBMBAM sort of milieu.
And then finally, I've talked about this for a long time.
So and then finally, I've told too many of these stories.
I legitimately freaked him out.
And then he says, and then he's like, he's just not going
to do it anymore.
And Sarah's like, OK, you fucked this up.
Go.
You have to walk him to the bathroom now.
I'm not getting out of bed, because you've
made a mess of this.
So I go, and we go into the bathroom, and he pees.
This has been fun.
This has been a ton of fun.
It's playful.
And I'm in the bathroom, standing behind him, and it
occurs to me how hysterical it would be to just do a little
like, ah, and maybe grab him a little bit, and maybe tickle
him a little bit.
I have the foresight to not do this while he is peeing,
because I don't want to clean that up.
He finishes peeing, and then I just, again, very gently,
because I know my boy, and he can get spooked pretty easy.
He's very gentle.
And so I do just a little one.
I get down, and I get my fingers on his rib, and I go,
wah, but instead of him just having a little jump and a
squeak, he screams bloody murder and completely curls up
into a ball.
And I'm like, oh, I failed.
I've really failed as a dad.
And Sarah's like, what the actual hell is
going on in there?
And so I pick him up, and I sit down on the floor with him,
and I'm like, oh, my sweetie, I am so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I thought that would be funny, and it wasn't funny.
And he's like, that was dad.
That was super scary.
And I'm like, I'm so sorry.
That was not fair.
I shouldn't have done that.
And he hugs me, and we go back in.
And at this point, I'm like, he's going to remember this.
And when I'm in the hospital as an old man, this is the
memory he's going to flash back to.
He's going to put me in a home because I've
betrayed his trust here.
But we get back, and I'm thinking, I'm the worst dad
ever, and the next day, I'm still dwelling on it.
And I go, you know, I am super sorry that I did that.
I want you to know I won't do that.
And he goes, I thought it would be funny.
He goes, you know, dad, it was a little bit funny.
Oh, that's a cool kid, man.
I would not have let you.
I would have seen how many Nintendo 64 cartridges I could
have shucked out of that situation.
Yeah.
I think it's super important to be just honest with them.
And you don't want to use them as a confessional, but I
think it's really helpful when you screw up, if you say,
boy, I just made a big mistake, and I'm so sorry.
Modeling that behavior for them is really helpful, I
think.
The tricky thing, I feel like, is you don't know which of
those little spooky goofs is going to get deep in their
brain and then be a thing that's scary.
We got Christmas, 1996, McElroy household got a Sony
PlayStation, what's up, best Christmas ever, except the
games that we got were Resident Evil and Blood Omen
Legacy of Kane.
So like nine-year-old Griffin was like, cool, I'm just
going to like, I know I have the first bedtime, so I'm just
going to probably just like chill and sit at the top of
the stairs while I can still see the light coming from the
first floor hallway and just like the comforting voices of
my family before I go to bed and will definitely be like,
you know, eviscerated or eaten.
I still remember, why do all of our fears center around
video games?
I remember the American Final Fantasy III with Palim and
Porom turned to stone to stop walls from crushing you.
Yeah, spoilers, sorry.
And like, that was my fear until I was like 18, that I
would be crushed by walls or turned to stone.
Travis, that was American Final Fantasy II, Final Fantasy
IV, in Japan, sorry.
Sorry, I just wanted to get ahead of the tweets.
Just want to get ahead of the tweets.
Justin, do you want to talk about your phobia or another
question?
No, I've detailed my phobias and excruciating.
Justin's afraid of fiction.
Yeah, I'm afraid of creativity in all its forms.
Burn it from the earth, I say.
I want to do this last question.
Does that sound good to you guys?
Yeah, go for it.
Okay.
How do you balance working on so many projects from home
and raising two kids?
I know two of the brothers Mackroy are expecting and the
other already has a little one, so I failed the discussion.
Everyone could weigh in on.
That's from Mish.
Yeah, I don't know.
Okay, so here's-
Well, that's all the time we have, everybody.
Thanks so much, Patrick, for joining us.
Very good discussion.
How about this?
I knew I would be okay on this podcast because my true
specialty is giving really bad advice that once you hear it,
you're like, oh shit, anything I do will be better than what
Rothfuss suggested.
Hey, watch out.
There's only enough room for one of us in this town.
And so, you know, I still remember when my older boy,
when he was, you know, maybe 18 months, which again,
is this golden time because they're just full of joy
and wonder and love.
And I came home from working on book two and I see him
sitting on the floor, like naked, just like this pink,
hudgy, like ball of raw joy.
And he's found a plastic hanger and he's moving it.
You know, he's like using it and he's hitting the floor
and he looks up at me and he moves this hanger and he's
like, he's looking at me thinking, holy man, dad,
did you know that you could like move a hanger?
You know, and he's full of joy and excitement over,
like just banging a hanger around.
And I'm like, I am missing this, you know?
And like, for the rest of my life, I will regret putting
in these 16 hour days to try to get book two done
because my child was here having this, like,
and I'm never gonna get this back.
I'm never gonna get another chance.
And like, I will, I'll feel bad about it forever.
Now, that's not to say that I didn't get some good times
and I didn't spend time, but I tell you, nobody
on their death bed thinks, boy, I wish I would have spent
more time at work.
Sure.
Although book two's real good.
It is pretty good, turned out pretty good.
I guess, I guess, thanks, thank you.
Thanks.
You know, everybody always says that about no one
on their death bed.
I bet there was one guy who had like just the sickest job
that he was like, he was just like the captain of parties
or something and he was like,
I wish I'd spent more time at work.
I hated my house.
The guy who invented like the showbiz pizza company
is just gonna be like, nice, did it.
Crushed it.
Well, but what if there's people on their death bed
who think, dang, I wish Roth was finished book three.
I would have loved to tuck into that bad boy.
Now, that I actually believe, yeah.
But no, I think the important thing,
and actually I was talking to Sanderson.
Sanderson's way better at this,
not only because he writes 18 times faster than I do,
but we were talking and he's like, yep.
He goes, and how's this for gross?
He says, yep, he goes, I keep it to 10 hours
of writing a day.
He goes, 10 hours and I promise myself that I stop
and I go home and then I spend time with my family.
Like, you know, 10 hours of writing in a row.
It's like, ah, you know, I put a lid on it there
and then after the kids are in bed,
I can always come back and write more.
Makes it sound so easy.
It's weird because it doesn't, there's not a,
I'll be like completely frank about this
as long as we're just getting into it.
The first year that my daughter was alive,
I was really bad at this.
I mean, things had really started to pick up with the show
and I suddenly had a full plate.
I mean, it was like full, you would think that that's like
horse apples considering what I do for a living,
but like the stuff got busy.
And the thought I would have a lot of the time is,
well, she's with people who are caring for her,
so she's fine.
And the crappy thing about finding balance like that
is like they will spend time with somebody.
Like there will be people to fill the gap there
if you're not like there putting in the hours
and actually like investing the time into it.
And like they, I think one of the last realizations you have
in the process of maturing into a full-blown adult
is that the time that you do have is precious.
And like that was, it actually took me I think a year
after Charlie was born to really like absorb that lesson
and really make that a part of my day-to-day existence.
And I still don't think I'm great at it.
I get to the end of a lot of days
thinking that I haven't done either particularly well,
but I guess that's not particularly helpful advice.
Well, you know, it's, and I'll chime in there as well.
For me, it's bad enough if you work too long
and then you don't get in, then you don't get home
and you only get to spend two hours.
I remember at one point,
just to maybe make you feel better about yourself,
I remember at one point saying,
like resolving to myself
that I would spend at least two hours a day with my kid.
And of course that resolution by itself
is an extraordinarily like sad thing
because it implies that I was not spending
two hours a day with my kid, which is ridiculous.
You know, it'd be one thing if we were starving to death
and I was a coal miner,
but you know, different things shake you in different ways
and it's kind of a shame a lot of ways
you don't learn how to do something right
until you screw it up or until you see
somebody else screw it up.
And that's, I feel the service I provide
to the entire world is screwing things up very visibly
so other people can learn from my mistakes.
And you're a real hero.
I've always said that about you.
I, you know, I was going to,
it was one of my first San Diego Comic Cons
and I went and it's a long con
and there's a day of travel on either side
and I'd spent other trips away,
but they were much shorter.
I get on the phone and I hear him
in his tiny piping voice and he's just started to talk
and he goes, daddy.
I go, hey, sweet baby, how are you?
And he goes, daddy, daddy, hold you in my arms.
Oh, out, out, damn it.
Now see, the only, I would do,
I would pull a move like that if I was a child,
but again, only to get some like
guilt Nintendo 64 games out of it upon my father's return.
When he said, hold you in my arms,
I knew he was expressing that to me,
but it wasn't his own phrase.
I knew that phrase came from Corduroy,
the book, the kid's book,
because, you know, the Corduroy is looking for an owner.
He's trying to find his button
and the little girl picks him up
and, you know, and holds Corduroy in her arms.
And so he was thinking of that book
and somebody bigger holding him
and taking him to a place.
And it wasn't that I felt he was ripping something else off,
it's that I knew the context
for this little phrase he was using.
So yeah, I guess that's kind of the overarching thing
is just kind of get in there and do it
and know that you'll goof it up and it's okay
and you'll get better at it, be smart.
And it's like a muscle, you know,
you will not be the most patient in the world,
parent in the world at first,
but if you don't practice being patient,
you're not gonna get better at it.
See, this is why I gotta have a second one
because I would love to get it right.
I mean, just like really to get it, just like-
You really think you could stick the second,
I could stick the landing.
I feel like I could really crush it with a sec.
The first one's like, okay.
Well, I mean, look at what our parents did.
Yeah, well-
Yeah, took them three.
Took them three to really nail it.
But as long as we can all agree
that the second is better than the first.
I think we can all-
Well, in a lot of ways,
you can over-correct on the second one.
Sure, right.
Patrick, thank you so much for joining us.
Thank you so much.
I will say I've had a ton of fun.
I can talk about being a parent for days,
but you know, if, I feel like I've kind of betrayed
some of the underlying, you know,
the brand of the podcast here,
I would love to come back at some point
and talk about like some stuff that I'm really bad at
and give bad advice.
Great.
Oh, sure.
What would those areas of unexpertise look like?
What are we-
Dating.
Oh, okay.
Mm-hmm.
And maybe I could give some really bad dating advice.
Pretty much anything socially interacting
with other human beings.
Oh, shit, dude, you're gonna be a total fit in
on this podcast.
Yeah, you're gonna be great.
It's gonna be perfect.
It's gonna be perfect.
Patrick, obviously, sometimes when we ask guests on the show,
where can people find your work?
Like, for you, the answer is like bookstores and Amazon.
You also have a podcast, I don't think we've talked about it,
called Unattended Consequences that you do with Max Timken
from Cards Against Humanity.
Anything else that people can find that you do on internet?
One big thing that I do is it's sort of,
you know, on again, off again.
I run a charity called World Builders.
We raise money for various charitable causes,
primarily Heifer International,
but also a charity called First Book,
which gets books into the hands of little kids
who have maybe never owned a book in their life.
Or we did some stuff for the Syrian refugees.
World Builders, you know, we do a bunch of different stuff.
You can find them on worldbuilders.org.
We've raised, I think, maybe $5 million
for various charities over the last couple of years.
We rally geeks who wanna make the world a better place,
and we help make that happen, and we sell cool merch
and giveaway books and games and stuff, so.
Cool.
Great, so yeah, Patrick, thank you for joining us.
Thank you for doing the show.
Thank you for maybe once in 311 episodes
offering some real sincere good advice.
Much appreciated.
Thanks so much for having me, guys.
Thanks for breaking the streak.
Thanks for putting up with me.
This has been such a treat.
Let's wrap up here real quick.
Some things we need to talk about.
We are doing live shows in Boston this next weekend.
Live Adventure Zone and a live Mabim Bam.
We need questions, both if you're gonna be
in the audience in Boston and wanna ask advice.
Send that into, what's our email address even?
Nobody's quite sure, huh?
MBMBAM at maximumfun.org.
Oh, tricky to remember, huh?
Could also use some Yahoos,
so any of my Yahoo soldiers to come out in full force.
Again, we're doing a Monikers expansion.
Go to mackeroicollection.com.
We're doing a pre-order for 30 days.
You can get the expansion for 10 bucks
or a collection with the expansion
and the base game for 35.
Again, mackeroicollection.com.
I wanna say, if you're looking for other shows to check out,
check out all the other amazing shows on maximumfun.org.
There's a ton on there that you're gonna like.
We also do a couple shows that are a little more independent.
One of my favorite podcasts in the world
that I look forward to and listen to every week,
even if I don't have time for anything else,
I make time for it, is Rose Buddies
with Griffin and Rachel,
where they watch and recap The Bachelor and The Bachelorette.
It is, no joke, one of my favorite things
that exist in the world right now,
so I encourage everyone to check it out.
I also do a show with my friend Tybee called Interrobang,
where we talk about the things in the world
that are frustrating us and frustrating you.
Every fifth episode is an audience submitted topics episode,
and we just did one,
and you know, there's a lot of frustrating stuff
going on in the world right now,
and I'm just trying to build kind of a safe place
for discussion in podcast form,
so check that out, called Interrobang.
And also, you guys have put out a new episode
of The Monster Factory recently that I thoroughly enjoyed,
and I want everyone to go check that out too.
Griffin and Justin do probably the funniest thing
on the internet called Monster Factory on YouTube
through their website Polygon,
where they create just the most abhorrent characters
through character creation engines in video games,
and it's pretty much everyone's favorite thing
on the internet, so go check that out.
Thank you, Travis.
Thanks again to Patrick Rothfuss
for being our guest for this week,
and thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for these four theme songs that set apart
drop the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a wonderful album,
and you can find it wherever albums are sold.
Is that it?
Oh, oh, oh, we're gonna be at Max Fun Con East.
If you haven't picked up your tickets yet, go get those.
We wanna see you there, we wanna hang out with you
in the scary, shining hotel in the Poconos Mountains.
You get to hang out with all the Magroys
and I think the Smurls as well.
It's gonna be a crazy fun time hanging out in the mountains.
Come see us, hang out, it's gonna be great.
We really want you there.
I think you can go to maxfuncon.com for all the information.
Well, we should make it clear, we're doing not in Bim Bam,
we're doing Adventure Zone there, so.
Yep, come hang out.
Last Yahoo Time, this one was sent in by Zoe Kinski,
riding high, Zoe Kinski, thank you Zoe,
by Yahoo Answers user, RG778SX, who asks,
how many people agree that Smash Mouth
at the end of Rat Race was a crummy way
to end a classic comedy?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Why are you just a Magroys?
I'm driving a
I'm Griffin Magroys.
This is from my brother, my brother made kiss you dad
just go down the left.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
I'm Griffin Magroys, do you want to say, hey I wanna.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
New to Maximum Fun, the Beef and Dairy Network podcast.
The number one podcast for those involved,
or just interested in the production of beef animals and dairy herds.
All sponsored by Grazex, the latest grass replacement pellet from Mitchell's.
If it's not Mitchell's, get back in the truck.
Find us at MaximumFun.org or on iTunes or wherever you get your podcasts from.
And if it's not clear, this is a comedy podcast.
Beef out.
