The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era. I'm your
oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy.
It's how I commune with my dolphin brethren. I'm Griffin McElroy and a baby brother.
Why are you communing with dolphins?
You know how there's a type of people in the world who have a chance encounter with a dolphin
and then that's like their whole lives? Usually they're an art teacher.
I did not know until I had a chance encounter with the dolphin that I'm one of those people
and now I'm all about that endless ring of light, you know?
Is that what a blowhole is?
I guess it's a novel. Maybe you should go to a library.
I think in that case a dolphin, doesn't he swim through endless rings of light?
There are light rings. Guys, dolphins, I don't know. They're just big, slippery,
perfectly designed piles of muscle just designed in sinew and they're so glorious
and I got to touch one and kiss one when I was in Mexico.
So weigh for me the majesty of a dolphin versus like a beautiful horse.
Fuck. I think we've said before that dolphins are just the horses of the sea,
despite the fact that there are things already called sea horses out there.
You think they would get the title but no.
Griffin, may I ask you an impertinent question?
How good a kisser was the dolphin?
Really great. This is a fun story.
My, the trainer who was like leading me on,
it was called Dolphin Discovery and it was the most inexpensive of the dolphin packages.
Welcome to Dave's Discount Dolphins.
It was so fucked up.
Half of them are manatees. We don't pay that guy's attention.
The travel agent that booked this excursion for us,
because when you stay at all inclusive resorts, you have excursions
because you have to find reasons to get away from the comfort of it all, the paralytic comfort.
And he was like, there's three packages.
There's Discovery, and then there was like two others more expensive
called like Extreme Zone and the Royal.
Extreme Zone. I don't like the sound of that. That sounds like-
It was so fucked up because in those more expensive ones,
he basically said like in Mexico, they let you do more stuff with the dolphin.
You get to like third base.
He said, you can do more stuff with the dolphins because they have,
quote unquote, because they have tequila.
And when he said that, the world became a little bit less of a special place for me.
But I kissed the dolphin and the trainer, as I was like going up,
like ready to just fucking lay one on, his name was Pacal.
As I was getting ready to lay one on him, she goes,
Griffin, have you ever kissed a boy before?
And I was like, hey, why did you just put me on blast
in front of my fiance in this like huge family?
Griffin, have you had a gay experience before?
Let's all talk about it.
Let's talk about it.
And then I had to like stand there and be like,
I hesitated for a few seconds, like thinking like,
have I ever kissed a dude before?
I lied. I said no.
I didn't want Pacal to feel less special.
Did, if you tried to pull something with the dolphin,
would it, would they try to charge you more?
Like, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, you didn't get the Royal package.
No touching.
Well, no, I mean, I'm not talking, they don't let you fuck the dolphin.
I'm not talking about dolphin prostitution,
but they do place your little like safety tank
right next to their extreme zone tank where no shit,
they would have you lay on your belly in the water.
And then two dolphins would come up and press and swim
against each of your feet, propelling you into the air.
And I was like, fuck, that was like 30 extra bucks.
It would have been totally worth it.
I got to just kiss him.
How much do you have to pay to kill them with your bare hands?
If you want to kill one dolphin.
That's the double Royal package.
And then there's the triple Royal,
which is where you kill a dolphin while another dolphin watches.
How much do you have to pay for the dolphin to end your life
because you're suffering?
How much for a dolphin Asia, Griffin?
That's what I'm asking you right now.
I just need a dolphin angel of mercy.
I don't think you can get that through the travel agent.
I think you have to book that on the side.
And I think you can really only get it
after you've established a certain level of trust
with the dolphin and its trainer.
If you're just some random gringo who's strolled down
for the weekend, they're not going to let a dolphin kill you.
Right.
They don't know what you have.
Can we not say kill?
Can we say release from this mortal burden?
Yeah.
And if a dolphin kills you consensually,
then your spirit is released into the dolphin,
the dolphin lifestream.
That's actually the only way new dolphins are made.
It's a really weird life cycle for dolphins.
How do you, how much do you have to pay?
It's kind of, it's basically like the Highlander.
How much do you have to pay to kill a dolphin
as it kills you and you get to ride it into heaven?
How jealous will everyone in heaven be?
I'm St. Peter.
I've been up here forever.
I've seen it all.
Whoa, holy shit.
That dolphin's wearing sunglasses.
Yeah.
I put them on him while we were in the stratosphere.
I put some sunglasses too so he could go to heaven.
And I killed these sweet, these sweet Tommy Bahama jams
so they could go with me up to heaven too.
And I killed a case of Corona so I could bring that also.
As you've almost certainly guessed by this point,
this is an advice show for the modern era.
Let's get into it and let's help some folks out.
I'm 18 and I want to get a tattoo.
Problem is my parents.
Don't want me to get one.
Normally this wouldn't be a big issue for me,
but I don't know if my wanting a tattoo comes from the fact
that I actually want one or because I just want to do
something to rebel against my parents.
What can I do to sort out my confusion?
That's from thanks.
That's from a tattoo snafu in Toronto.
That's so rare for people to realize that they're,
that they're rebelling,
that they're doing something other than-
It's a remarkable amount of insight.
Well, they call me crazy,
but I almost feel like because you're having the insight,
it means that you're not just doing it
because your parents want to do it.
But it don't want you to do it
because it's like if you think about it and you say,
wait, am I just doing this
because my parents don't want me to do it?
And like by recognizing that that might be a factor
and then still wanting to do it,
it almost seems to cancel it out.
Chav, you have more tattoos than Justin and I put together.
How many of them were done out of rebelliousness?
Um, only one, but it was a rebelling against myself.
Yeah.
I showed me.
Yeah.
You really, you really lost your religion with that.
Is it, which one, which one are we talking about?
It's the long nest monster.
Yeah.
That one was just a big fuck you to myself.
I feel like-
That one's on you forever.
Yeah. No, I know.
I'm really feeling it.
You know, it was a huge punishment for something.
Did you, do we talk about how you're going to Scotland
and how you're going to be in the UK?
And how I'm going to fucking ride the Nessie Hunter boat?
And do the sonar and shit?
No, I think Justin's saying how you're
assumedly going to remove your shirt at some point.
And someone's going to look at you and say,
in a Scottish accent,
I'm not going to try to do this fucking guy.
Well, that is why I don't plan on undressing in Scotland.
Ever.
Yes.
I think the tattoos are pretty personal.
The only reason you should want to get one
is if you really, really, really want to get one.
I mean, really, really, because they are going to be there.
And I'm going to say an obvious thing,
but it still needs to be stated.
When you get a tattoo,
not only is it always going to be there,
it is going to say something about you all the time.
You know, like I have a pineapple tattoo on my wrist
and like every time somebody sees it,
they instantly go, oh, a pineapple.
And it's like, oh yeah.
No, now I have to like engage with you on this
and tell you all about the tattoo on my wrist.
It's like, basically, it's like getting advertisement
on your body that says like, hey, ask me about this.
Yeah, and if you're going to do that,
then you may as well get actual advertised.
See if you can commoditize yourself
and for like maybe like right over your left breast
for like MGD 64.
Sure.
Something where you're going to get payment out of it.
Or free lunches.
Sometimes like restaurants will have like,
you can eat free lunch here forever
if you get our logo tattooed on your face.
It says Pennzoil across your butt cheeks.
And man, it makes it look like your butthole is the O.
Oh, free meal changes for life, I guess.
Or maybe you could get a tattoo
that looks like a birthmark that signifies you
as the last in the line of some kind of royal family line.
And then you could become like the King of Denmark.
You're asking for the King Ralph now.
Yes.
I think it's actually kind of weird how little,
how infrequently I think about the fact that I have a tattoo.
I have a fairly prominent tattoo on my left arm.
And unless I like really think about it,
when I actually notice and remember it's there,
it's actually kind of weird
because I have forgotten about it to that extent.
Like that's how little consideration I give it day to day.
And the one in the back of my leg, forget about it.
Oh, I got the one on my shoulder blade.
And every time I see it, it's like an out of body experience
where I'm like, whose shoulder is that?
Who did that?
I think there's a ratio between,
I think everybody forgets about their tattoos.
So the more like shocking,
if you did get Pennzoil butthole tattoo,
I think that the disconnects between like,
you're never thinking about it
and the first time somebody seeing it
would be like world shattering.
Like somebody's like, it says Pennzoil on your butthole.
And you're like, oh, that's real.
Oh, that's right.
No, how could this be?
Oh God, it's like, it's like Clean Slate,
the movie Clean Slate or maybe Memento.
That's basically the same thing.
Basically the same movie.
So I hope that helps.
Use one of those old yourself apps that you can download
and it lets you take a picture of yourself
and it turns like your face old.
Do you know the apps I'm speaking of?
I don't think they're gonna get the Mike Tyson
their first time out.
I think they'll probably get like a discreet ankle tattoo.
No, you gotta take a picture of your butt
and then age it and picture a Pennzoil tattoo on there.
Right, you can actually, Travis is right.
You can use other parts of your body
on those old yourself apps.
They don't tell you that.
My friend Justin Minsker did it on his torso
and it made his nipples look like eyes
and his belly button look like a mouth.
It was real funny.
Okay, so we hope that helps.
I'm just saying you can have fun with apps.
You don't have to use apps.
You don't have to use apps in the way
that they tell you to use apps.
You can have fun.
Why is there not just for business?
You can have fucking fun with them, right?
Why is no one talking about apps?
They're out there, they're fun.
You can have some.
They should say there's an app for that,
but something else too.
It should be, you know, with all the shit
that's going on in the news these days,
how about a little bit app news?
You know what I mean?
Just something like, hey, there's Star Wars Angry Birds.
I'm like, oh, thank you.
Thanks, that's CNN.
How about this guys?
How about you could call it what's happening with apps?
Why not just call it what's happening?
Fuck.
Griffin, do you want to do Yahoo
or you want to answer another question?
I feel like we didn't help that last person too much.
As opposed to normal.
Yeah, you mean all people ever.
This Yahoo was sent in by Ira Ray.
Are you Ira Ray?
Who wants to know?
Thank you, Ira Ray.
It's by Yahoo Answers User Question Mark who asks,
what's the most pain-free way to become blood brothers
with my roommate and best friend, Adam?
Me and my roommate want to become blood brothers,
but neither of us want to cut ourselves.
What would be the most pain-free way for us to cut ourselves?
Where would it hurt the least?
Should we be afraid of bleeding to death?
That's for question mark.
Wait for your period.
I don't think his best friend Adam is going to get there.
It feels that way sometimes when you're growing up.
All the other people are getting them and you think,
I'm never going to get mine.
And then the visitor comes.
Can we have a brief menstrual aside?
Quick menstrual sidebar.
I fucked up so bad this week.
I was in a meeting with some of the reporters on the site
and one of them told me that their brother had adopted a dog
a female dog and that he quickly discovered
that the dog was having its period and this horrified me
because I had never thought of dogs
as being something that could do that.
I thought it was entirely a human invention
because I'm six and I don't think my dad
ever had to talk with me.
It's not about dog, I'm sorry.
I do not think the the scope of the talk quote unquote
extends to dog periods.
I think there are super responsible parents out there
who say now ladies for for several days
out of each lunar cycle have periods
and not just human ladies but dogs fucking cats,
dolphins, snails.
I think if you're a dad though or a mom
you're gonna find that your knowledge
of how far down that path it goes
is gonna dry out pretty quickly
because your kid's next question
obviously is gonna be what about bees
and then you're gonna have to look at him
dead in the eye and say I don't know
if bees get periods, I don't know.
Okay are you happy?
Let me break out the encyclopedia
Britannical Periods edition.
Or you can just ask Jeeves and horrify him.
Jeeves what gets periods?
Jeeves is like how long do you have?
Sit down, get comfy.
Get comfortable, crack open a beer.
It's gonna get weird in here.
Here's a cup of hot cocoa I made you
because I am for some reason also a butler.
Crack a window already, it's gonna get live.
Does it cast a shadow?
If so.
It'd be easier to answer what doesn't get periods.
Rocks, trees.
Armchairs.
Clouds.
Rain is just cloud periods.
Nope.
This is accurate, this is scientific.
I saw that on Bill Nye.
I think the most pain-free way,
well it's not pain-free but you don't have to
put additional unrequired pain
is just wait till you both accidentally
cut yourselves naturally.
Like on a, well cliff diving or something.
Try to use your iPhone.
Why won't you pick up?
This is gonna clot soon.
Dude, you gotta get down here.
You could obviously just get those necklaces
that were like two halves of hearts
that look like they have broken in two
and said like best friends forever.
But the ones I just said like B-E-F-R-I-F-O-R
and then half of the E.
And then you cut yourself with them?
And then you cut yourself sharp?
And then you jam it in each other's eyeballs.
Don't think they want to trade eye viscera.
Well and then you switch them.
So you pluck out the eyeballs and you switch the eyeballs
and then you can see how the other person sees.
We're eye viscera brothers.
It's a totally, it's a totally weird thing.
We're marrow bros.
Marrow bros.
Super marrow bros.
That's good.
Why don't you just wait for a nose bleed?
And then like sneeze into, oh God.
And then rub your nose blood into his nose.
I'll give each other Eskimo kisses
while having a nose bleed.
Oh, what about jizz pals?
Hey, everybody, can we just like go to the movies
and see Pacific Rim and maybe go to Max and Irma's after
and not trade bodily fluids to prove our love?
Are you guys not blood brothers with anybody?
I'm blood brothers with you.
You, that's not, come on.
We're not even blood brothers with each other
because we haven't fucking cut ourselves
and slapped each other's palms with it.
Our DNA is very similar.
You must have said D and D.
Our D and D is so legit.
So similar.
It's very similar.
You're telling me you have never-
Look at this strand of D and D.
You have never locked friends.
You've never locked eyes with a best buddy forever
and been like, let's give each other some hemoglobin.
I actually feel like I did.
I have done that.
Who'd you do it with?
Alex White.
Cut ourselves on this wire
that was sticking out of a tennis net.
Excellent choice.
Excellent choice.
Rusty as shit.
It was sharp as shit and it got the job done.
And now I feel a kindredness with him.
Can you tell when he is in strife?
I can tell when he's eating a really good plate
of cheese fries.
I can tell when he's dying of tetanus
and it's all the time.
Cause he has it now.
Well, if he goes and I go,
it's that fucking dragon heart shit.
Justin, who are you blood brothers with?
Some of my friends in college did gang burns.
You had the best group of friends in college.
Does that count?
Some of them still have scarring.
If you see my friend Jason, ask to see his arm.
Is that just where you light a lighter for a long time
and then put that on your flesh or what?
You put it on your flesh and you wait for it to...
And then I think,
and I didn't question this that much in college,
but I think sort of essential to this is that
it can't cure properly.
Like the better it heals,
the less cool the gang burn is gonna be.
Cause you definitely want some scarring going on there.
So is that a less painful option
than like pricking yourself with a needle?
It's less like ghoulish, I think.
Really?
Really, dog?
And probably funnier later.
Cause there are people that prick themselves
with like diabetic people,
prick themselves every day for their tests and shit.
Very few people burn themselves.
Yeah, unless they have like chronic leeches or something.
I didn't get one.
And I actually started thinking about this last week.
Like I kind of wished that I had
cause it would be kind of a funny story
and it would make me feel like,
oh, there's a real reminder I carry around for my college days.
And the thought crossed my mind
and then another thought crossed my mind
and I thought that ship's probably sailed.
I don't think I could get people over to my house
to watch me burn my arm with a lighter anymore.
I'm 32 goddamn years old.
They have to take care of their kids
and they've got to work in the morning.
Right.
Can you gang brain yourself by like 9.30
cause I have to get home.
Why don't you,
if you want like visual reminders of your college age,
why don't you just get back into frosting your tips?
That could work.
I didn't have to frost my tips.
Yes, you did.
No, I didn't.
Yes, you did.
You would have frosted my tips.
There was a hair coloring.
You went with,
I think you went with what's her face to get it done
and there's some leftover stuff
and they were like,
we just put it in your hair and you're like,
okay.
And you came home and you fucking had your tips frosted.
Oh my God.
You're right.
I forgot.
That was not frosting my tips.
I was getting some highlights in cause you're right.
I did do home highlights and it went poorly.
Does it help you out that when I think of college Justin,
I think of fucking Justin McElroy hyphen Timberlake
from It's Gonna Be Me.
I wish I'd had that kind of salon quality highlighting.
It wasn't far off.
Thank you.
You know, it was my first time.
Shot for the stars.
So our next question asker got a new job.
She's, she handles reimbursions for gym memberships,
which their company gives out,
but the employees have to turn in their bank statements
to prove that they actually got this, right?
Uh, and usually they cross out the bank statements,
but she says one of her coworkers submitted his statement
without crossing anything out.
And I noticed that the monthly charge from the gym,
it was right below a monthly charge to max fun
on each month statement.
The problem is I just started working here
and this is literally the only thing I know about the guy.
How do I bring it up and bond with this dude
over our awesome taste and podcasts
without being crazy awkward or seeming like a total creeper?
That's from Sincerely, the new receptionist girl.
Oh, you can't.
I can.
Option one, go to maxfundstore.com.
Buy my brother, my brother.
Of course, Justin tries to work as much merch
into option one as he possibly can.
Option one merch.
If you want to go a little cheaper,
if he doesn't respond,
he probably doesn't listen to our show
and he listens to another show on Max Fund,
unlikely as that may be to consider.
So you gotta buy shirts from everybody.
Oh, buy a Jumbotron message calling him out.
I know you're a fan.
Or submit a question.
This guy is probably like, wait a minute, did I?
Did I cross out my bank statement?
Does she also know about my extreme restraints purposes?
Oh no.
You could start singing theme songs.
God knows I tried some awkward shit like that
in high school and college.
I can't remember anything specific.
But when you think someone's into something
and you're not like a regular human
who can just say, hey, I noticed on your bank statement
that I was looking at, okay, you're right.
There is no actually cool way to do that.
No, there was like a month and a half long period
in your life, Justin, where you were emboldened enough
to make that kind of leap,
to sing a theme song in front of somebody.
And I think it pretty much aligned perfectly
with when you had Frosted Tips.
They were highlights.
That was your power look.
I think that maybe you could just lock the information away
in your brain bank until maybe you just randomly
get to know this dude and then you can be like,
oh, I noticed I was doing the thing.
No, like you can't.
This is the thing though.
To look at anything that is not like Big Ted's muscle barn
on his bank statement is an invasion of his privacy.
She can't ever cop to it.
Yeah, because the thing above that,
the thing above that part on his statement could be
the Jerkoff Tavern.
Now, there's probably a better name for it,
but like a place where people go.
That's the weirdest bar I've ever heard of.
Yakov Jerkoff's Russian masturbation house.
It's like one of those places.
It's like a Japanese capsule hotel,
but-
Filled with Jerkoff capsules.
Masturbating in it, happening mostly.
Happening there inside the capsules.
And it's owned by Yakov Smirnoff.
And it's owned by him also.
He's really branching out.
He is branching out.
He's an entrepreneur.
He's got a show in Branson that I would trade anything
to go see.
It's like, you want to talk about my bucket list?
It's just that.
I believe he's had a show in Branson
for like 20 plus years.
Right.
And the fact that with every year,
it becomes more likely that he's going to say,
well, I've done it all.
Time to wrap up the show.
Time to die now.
I'm going to walk into the ocean in Branson
and then I'll be like-
And have a dolphin murder me.
To put me out of my-
In my country, dolphin kills you.
How's that low-hanging fruit taste, Charlie?
It's pretty good.
It's low-hanging, Dominic.
Sweet.
I know it's a bit mealy, but that's okay.
I got a Yahoo sent in to us by Julie Martin.
Thank you, Julie Martin.
And I've got a conspiracy theory
because this question was asked three months ago
by Yahoo Answers user, Mins, who asks,
what would happen if a shark got caught
in a whirlpool or hurricane?
Wait a minute.
Hold on a second.
When you get sucked into a whirlpool,
you can't get out, most likely,
and you drown.
Sharks don't need oxygen,
so would anything happen to harm them?
Now about that hurricane.
Would the hurricane be strong enough
to carry the shark long enough
that it would fall onto land?
Sounds a little suspiciously familiar, doesn't it?
Yeah, that's a little sketchy.
I'm not, I'm, listen,
we all experienced the same moment of magic
when we watched the Sharknado trailer together.
Well, not together, not like in the same room,
but like our fucking hearts and minds were connected
in a moment of joy.
Not because of the quality of the film itself,
there was terror also.
But the fact that we live in a world
where that harbors a beautiful mind
capable of dreaming up Sharknado.
And now that fucking perception
that magic moment I had is fucking ruined
because I think they're just dumpster diving
into Yahoo Answers.
Looking for topics that-
Looking for topics to make their movies about.
Do you think they could put together
an entire movie in three months?
I think Sci-Fi can put an entire movie together
in three and a half days.
I think they have to get,
I think they have Lorenzo Lamas on Container,
on Retainer.
They have him in a container.
They have him in a container.
They gave Lorenzo Lamas a Retainer.
In a container that they keep downstairs.
They go downstairs to say,
hey, Lorenzo, he's like,
food time, feed, feed.
And they say, no, not feed time, not feed feed.
We're doing a movie.
It's about sharks and tornadoes.
Are you in?
Yeah, this is gonna sound cynical.
We'll give you four walnuts, Lorenzo.
Excellent.
This is gonna sound cynical,
so I apologize in advance,
but you look at Ancient Rome, right?
And you look at the fall of Ancient Rome
and people say, you think about all the,
that civilization was producing such amazing things.
If it had continued on,
who knows how far we could have gotten.
But I think if you look at America
as sort of an empire that's had a really good run,
I think we may have gone sort of past,
like if we were to fall tomorrow
and history dictated the rise and fall of America,
considering the fall was like post Sharknado,
I think we've kind of done
all that we were maybe constructed to do.
If you will pardon the pun,
I believe we may have jumped the Sharknado as a country,
just as a whole concept.
Well, first of all, nothing can jump a Sharknado.
Fucking space shuttles can't escape orbit
when there's a Sharknado.
Fair enough.
And also, if you're saying that Sharknado
is the peak that things are going to start descending from,
then you obviously did not see Megafault
starring Brittany Murphy, her final obit.
No.
I'm saying we peaked at like,
in like with like The Godfather, maybe.
Like that was where we should have gone out on.
And then after that, it was all Sharknado and Cloud Atlas,
and it's all just been sort of downhill from-
Are Cloud Atlas and Sharknado on the same level of movie?
Well, they're based on the same book.
Oh, Tom Hanks plays nine of the sharks in Sharknado.
And you know what?
He is brilliant.
He is electrifying.
Tom Hanks is in a new movie where he plays Walt Disney
and he's all shook, smiling, happy Walt Disney.
And it makes me feel like I'm a crazy person
because are we just all going to pretend
he wasn't a huge anti-Semite?
Like on the reg, professional anti-Semite all the time,
all day, every day, hating Jews.
Like are we going to pretend that that's not the case
and just make a movie about him?
Is Disney producing the film?
Because if so, that's a fucking master-
That's a masterful move on their part.
Because even if Tom Hanks was an IRL,
if you could attribute all of the terrible things
that Mel Gibson has ever done to Tom Hanks,
people wouldn't give a fuck about it.
We would be forgiving him like mid-sentence.
Because of that half chubby face of his is so lovable.
Let's make some money of our own.
Let's not leave it all for Tom Hanks of Walt Disney.
Let's go to Moneys of Gold.
I met this guy this weekend named Warby Parker.
He's a scientist and his specialty is glasses.
He's bifocals.
He's bifocals.
So my buddy Warby, he says to me,
Justin, this has gone far enough.
Glasses should not cost as much as an iPhone.
I'm going to sell prescription glasses starting at $95,
including prescription lenses.
Forget about it.
And I'm like, Warby, you've lost your mind.
Quick question, Justin.
What is Warby short for?
Warbleton.
So Warby says to me,
I know what you're thinking.
It's a crazy idea selling glasses on the internet
because you don't get to try them on.
He's like, so here's my plan.
I'm going to send people five pairs of glasses.
But they only wanted one.
Why is he burying his audience in glasses?
Warbleton is very forceful with his product.
You're going to send him back four of them,
and then you keep one.
All smashed, smashed to bits.
Smashed to bits.
I hate these, and this one, and this one.
And I hate them all.
What did Warbleton call this program?
He's not very clever.
He called it the home try-on program.
He needs some help there.
But it is a pretty good idea.
And he does non-prescription polarized sunglasses
from 95 bucks and prescription polarized sunglasses
from $150.
And get this.
This is sort of the cherry on top.
For every pair of glasses he sells,
he's very generous.
He's going to distribute a pair of glasses to someone in need.
This guy Warby is making it fucking rain bifocals.
I know everybody.
I don't need glasses, and I'm going to start because of this.
I'm going to go to warbyparker.com.
That's W-A-R-B-Y-P-A-R-K-E-R dot com.
And here's the sweetest part.
He said if you enter the code MYBROTHER, all one word,
then you can get new glasses in three business days
rather than the usual however long it takes.
Longer than that.
10 usually, I think.
10 business days usually.
He's going to give them to you in three
because he's so tight with me, Justin McElroy.
So go to warbyparker.com.
I'm glad you met Warby Parker.
I know, he seems like a good dude.
Go to warbyparker.com, use the coupon code MYBROTHER,
and get those glasses fast and get your face right.
What if you have 10 eyeballs?
Can you keep all the glasses?
I think you can, but I think you're going to pay a premium.
Yeah, a mutant premium.
I have a message to listener Eric with a Y
from his cousins, the Regan brothers,
who says, hi, Eric, we know that chemo blows,
so we wanted to say, hey, cheer up.
The Mubim Bam brothers totes rejected
your cancer etiquette question,
so we wanted to give you a chance to finally hear them,
their premium colon cancer goose.
Hopefully it makes all the nausea and fatigue
go down a little easier.
Signed, Tom, Joe, John, and Pete.
Hey, Tom, Joe, John, and Pete, go fuck yourselves.
Wow, guys, just because you pay to do a message like this,
you think this means you can just abuse us?
We're not dancing monkeys.
Do you guys like how quixotically
I just charged into that message?
That was a sensitive message, a very accusatory message.
It was.
I was just like, fuck it, let's just do this thing.
I felt attacked a little bit.
Did you feel attacked by Griffin?
Because I feel like that a lot.
Basically, I mean, not like verbally.
Griffin was just a messenger.
I'm not going to fall in for that.
Griffin's also kind of a dig.
Hey, shut the fuck up.
Hey, Eric, get feeling better, buddy.
Yeah, beat that thing.
Yeah, Eric, we love your ass.
Wait, not the part of your ass that has cancer, of course.
We just want that gone.
Not the cancer, the part of your ass can stay,
but the cancer on it sucks.
Get out of here.
Get out of here, you.
Max Hayes, and I got a message to you from,
and this is just what was written here,
so I have to read what's here.
Philly cheesesteak and kiwi.
They say, happy birthday to MBMBAM's biggest Canadian fan.
Maxie, we love you, and this is the best
slash most appropriate gift we could think of for you.
Wish we could see you in person when you hear this,
but such is life.
That's from, he says, PS, Mario Lopez dispenser.
Maybe that's perhaps a private joke that they stole from us.
Yeah, and it's not so private, because we said it a while ago,
TM.
Happy birthday, TM.
Happy birthday, TM, to Max Hayes, and I hope it's a great one,
and I hope you can introduce us to your friends,
Philly cheesesteak and kiwi.
Which is also what I'm going to have for lunch,
so thank you for putting that idea into my head.
That classic joke.
I will move on to this, Travis.
You know, I have a little anecdote.
So, today, or no, a couple days ago,
while hunting for props for our upcoming show,
I found myself in an adult store.
Is the show too huge dicks of Verona?
Well, I needed some handcuffs for non-sensual purposes,
and I stopped into an adult store that I will not say the name of,
because I don't want to cause any bad blood,
but let's just say it was named after an adult magazine,
and it was the skeeziest place with poor selection
and not quality product I've ever been in.
I felt dirty, and I felt wrong,
and I did not hold a candle to Extreme Restraints.
Why didn't you just go to Extreme Restraints?
Because I needed it, I needed it fast.
I needed it that day.
Yeah.
Now, to be clear, Extreme Restraints may not be able to get you sexual toys that day,
but they do get them to you fast.
It's the world's greatest, in my opinion, adult superstore.
No, fuck that.
That's not opinion.
That shit is fact.
That shit, we have categorical evidence to support the fact
that it's the best sex site in the world.
It's the best site in the world.
Fuck Google.
Sorry, Google.
It's also, they actually are changing the name of the site to fuck Google.
Got you.
Penis pumps, penis pump accessory, large penis pump pills.
These are small penis pump pills.
Small penis, but these are just a few.
Maybe your penis is too big, and you want to make your penis smaller.
These are just a few things that I've bought from ExtremeRestraints.com,
and you can get some of your own.
It's like the fucking eat me, drink me stuff from Alice in Wonderland.
You have to take the large penis pills,
but then you have to have a small one to balance it out.
If you want to get anything done with your day,
you have to take the small penis pill,
or else you are exhausted by midday.
This company is fantastic.
They've always been so good to us.
We love them very, very, very much,
and we hope you'll go support them,
and use the coupon code Sexabunga,
and you can save 20% at ExtremeRestraints.com.
I hope you'll shame-
I love that every time you say Sexabunga, you get so just happy.
It's such a good code word.
It is, and it'll be here for maybe another week.
I'm just sad.
I don't want to be a defeatist, but hackers are everywhere,
especially Chinese hackers.
We get hit like a million times a day.
Hackers.
WikiLeaks.
It's all-
We asked Snowden to build us a fucking firewall,
but he couldn't because he didn't have corporeal hands.
Yes, I'm still working on it, brother.
Thank you.
Thank you, Gust-
I will have it to you soon.
Thank you, Gustin.
Let's move on.
When will it be done, you ask?
It's a secret.
Okay.
Hi, everybody.
My name's Justin McElroy.
And I'm Dr. Sydney McElroy.
I'm Dr. Sydney McElroy.
Yeah, you told me to introduce myself that way.
We're the newest addition to the Maximum Fun family.
Our show is called Sawbones.
It's a medical history program where we detail all the dumb,
hurtful, stupid ways that we've tried to fix people over the years.
Have you tried to put mercury on your syphilis shanker?
Yep.
Or maybe you tried to drill a hole in your head
because you heard it would reduce your blood-brain volume.
It probably didn't work.
But the good news is you're in great company.
You can hear all about it every Friday on Sawbones,
right here on Maximum Fun.
I'm a chronologically-
Fuck.
Nope.
I'm a chronically forgetful gentleman
who constantly loses everyday things,
keys, wallet, phone, et cetera.
After losing my wallet several times,
my aunt bought me one with a chain on it for my birthday.
I found it very convenient.
I don't think you need to read the rest of the question.
First off, I just want to say,
do you know how often you have to lose your wallet
for word to get back to your aunt?
The answer is a lot.
Problem is the fashion statement I'm making with this wallet
is not consistent with my intended persona.
This question asker works in a government office.
He's 27 years old and he just doesn't think it fits with his look.
So he asks, am I good or is the stigma as bad as I fear?
It's from Shackled in Silver Spring, Maryland.
It's the worst you can fear, unfortunately.
Yeah.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news that you already know.
Would it be worse if the wallet was on one of those like
janitor zipline key things?
No, Travis.
That would be fucking awesome.
It's like, this popcorn's going to be $6.50.
And you're like, okay, zip, money, zip zap.
And you just let it go from your hands
and it flies back into your butt.
That's the best.
That would be awesome.
That'd be a pretty dope move.
Here's the thing about it.
As you get older, question asker,
you'll find that things that would be otherwise convenient
or sensible, but aren't fitting,
you have to fight against those because like,
that's how grandpas start wearing glasses
with like the rope tied to them.
Because like, oh, my glasses are always falling off.
I have to have a glasses rope.
Well, no, you don't.
And it's making you look so old right now.
But it's like a weird bell curve.
Because when you're a kid, you're just like,
I'm just going to like Velcro my shoes together.
That's so much easier.
But then like when you're an adult, you can't do it.
But then when you're an old person, bam, back to Velcro.
But it has nothing to do with age.
You can't have a wallet chain and Velcro shoes
when you're head to toe Armani.
What are you fucking talking about?
Imagine an old ass man with like a wallet chain.
Picture it.
I can actually see it in my mind's eye.
It's pretty great.
Oh, you know what'd be great?
You can do what they do at like gas stations and shit
to make sure that people don't steal keys.
Or you attach like a big, like a plank
or like a toilet seat, attach a toilet seat to your wallet.
Put your wallet on like a tire rim.
And then just you have to carry that around with you
all the time.
And people will be like, you have a toilet seat
and a tire rim hanging out of your pants.
I don't know what I do.
I don't think you need them both.
Let's talk about, I have a brief anecdote
about convenience versus perception.
Okay.
My wife discovered a pizza bread in the fridge
and she knew that I got pizza bread for lunch
delivered from Gino's Pub and Family Fun Center.
So she said, did you not eat your pizza bread
that you ordered for lunch?
And I told her what I had done is ordered two of them
because of a lunch concept I call doubles,
where if I get two of something for lunch-
A popular style of playing tennis.
This lunch, in this lunch concept,
if I get doubles of something I'm getting for lunch,
then tomorrow lunch is sorted.
So I don't have to think about it again.
And my wife informed me that this is an unacceptable practice.
I've been doing this for years with dinner
and it is completely fine.
Order two dinners at a restaurant,
box them up, bam, lunch.
I've actually been there when you do that.
And the shame that it brings to my family is crippling.
Justin, can I ask why you have,
if you're going to go to town,
you might as well go into Lincoln.
Why not Monday morning order septuples?
You've envisioned a world in which I, Justin McElroy,
husband of a doctor,
am going to eat seven day old pizza bread.
Or a world where the Gino's cashier answers the phone
and says, what do you need?
Seven pizza breads, huh?
Can't do that.
I can't in good conscience do this for you.
Can't actually add that many up.
Don't know how much it costs.
No one orders that many.
The keys only go up to four on our board.
I don't know what to tell you.
If we try to go above that government regulators swoop in
and say, you are killing this man.
My point is that just because something is a good idea
doesn't mean that it's going to make people around you
think that you're smart.
I mean, you just have to stop losing your wallet.
You know, I lose stuff a lot
because I have a tendency to like,
absentmindedly sit stuff down and then just keep going.
And it's like, I know that I've sat my keys down at some point,
but I can't picture where.
And what I do, and it's not exactly like a very proud moment,
but I'll just loudly announce,
like I'm setting my keys on the dresser
and make it active.
It's pretty dorky, but it works and I don't lose shit anymore.
Do you ever sing a little song?
Dresser keys, dresser keys.
Will you be there when I need?
Putting my wallet on the toilet paper dispenser
in the bathroom.
Gotta do it.
Gotta do it.
What if there's pee on the floor?
It's okay if it gets on my pants.
I'm just wearing these for one day.
But who am I?
Mister buy a new wallet every week
when I get pee on it guy.
No.
Toilet paper wallet.
You're my best friend and I love you.
You know, people say Widow Yankovic has lost his step,
but I think his tunes are as fresh as they were in the 80s.
Is there anything worse than getting
another person's pee on your stuff?
Poop?
Even that seems more...
Anyway, you guys want a Yahoo?
Please.
I got toilet paper wallet stuck in my head.
You jingles are back.
This Yahoo was sent in by Ninja Farmer's Wife.
Thank you, Ninja Farmer's Wife.
It's by Yahoo answers user Cory Lucas who asks,
does dunking at 5'10 attract women?
I can dunk and I'm 5'10.
Will that improve my chances of scoring with a girl?
The funny thing about this,
what it immediately my immediate first impressions
is how funny it is to me that every time we got a question
very early on about like a sports car
and picking up women and stuff like that.
That idea of like there being this one magical thing,
like if I could just, you know,
if I could just play golf better,
if I could just run faster,
but you know, I don't know what women there are
that said they go, oh, that gentleman can dunk.
I definitely want to copulate with him.
And he is not that tall.
That is very impressive.
Compared to other basketball men.
Perhaps they'd make a wonderful partner for sexual Congress.
Yes, why on earth would this woman be watching
amateur dumpsters on her lunch break?
You are going to have to be a pretty smooth operator
to be at a bar and be like,
by the way, I got something special to show you.
Why don't you come with me down to the Y
and I can show you my special skill.
I know the janitor, he'll leave the key under the mat.
I am secretly, I am the janitor
and we're just going to go inside
and I'm going to show you something on the court.
It might take me a few tries.
I'm a wee little man.
It's going to take me a few tries
to build up the courage to jump that high.
Do you think it's more or less impressive
when he just hangs there for a while
because he's afraid to drop down?
Because it's such a long drop.
Imagine this guy who goes through all the trouble
and successfully moves a woman back to the Y with him.
He's like, okay, here we go.
And he jumps too high and goes, oh God, sorry.
This isn't, this never happens.
I always dunk it.
I usually take it to the paint so hard
and I don't get scared like a big guy.
No, I'm serious.
The guys jokingly call me Brian Dunkleman.
That's what they say because I'm so good at dunks.
I am also Brian Dunkleman and the janitor here.
They call me Brian Dunkleman because that's who I am
and that's what I've been doing.
That's the name my parents gave me.
So it's kind of a fun joke.
Like my life.
No, not like my life.
I'm so sad.
Thank you for coming back to the Y with me.
Could you close the door on your way out?
Brian, if you're listening, we're sorry.
It's just a joke.
I'm sure you're doing something.
The first time I read this question,
I thought it was asking if dunking at 5 10 p.m.
Oh man, it works out.
Or 5 10 a.m.
Maybe twice a day.
Works out.
I gotta fucking hurry.
I've got a very narrow window to dunk.
It's like on the equinox.
You can stand an egg on his head at 5 10.
This particular person, the Earth's gravitational pull
has released him enough for him to get ups.
Is it possible that he means that the rim is set at 5 10?
And all he has to do is like lift his feet?
I don't think that's going to be particularly impressive
to a woman or a man or a dog.
Maybe this is a child, like a seven-year-old,
and then it'd be very impressive.
If this is a 5 10 fucking seven-year-old,
everyone get in your cars and drive into the woods,
because that's where you live now.
We have a Titan situation.
Hey, I got another question for you guys.
The question asker asks, I need vices.
I don't like tobacco.
I don't smoke pot.
Due to medical problems, I can't drink alcohol anymore.
I even have a low tolerance for caffeine.
I hate going to parties with other 20-somethings,
because inevitably, I'm the weird guy standing around
drinking water while everyone else has.
I'm the weird guy standing around drinking water
while everyone else has fun.
Any suggestions for stuff to do?
That's from least cool person ever in Corvallis, Oregon.
You could be the guy that takes naps at parties.
That's pretty good advice.
Sloth is a pretty good sin.
If you think about it, smoking pot and drinking alcohol
are really just leading to you getting sleepy
and falling asleep.
So just jump the middleman
and just go straight for the sleepy time.
And then there's also meth.
Wait, hear me out.
Meth?
What about meth light?
Have you tried new meth, crystal meth?
You know, I'm into those e-cigarettes.
It's harmless, it makes everything smell better,
and there's no danger of tobacco.
It's perfect.
That's true.
But you know, there was a foolish time in college
in which I had decided not to drink anymore.
And I understand this problem
because I remember standing there.
I think I was drinking a Gatorade
where like everyone else is getting drunk.
And like the worst afternoon of his life.
You never feel more out of place and like,
I should just go because everyone else
is on a different train than I am.
My train has stopped and is not going anywhere
and everyone else is just powering towards Fun Station.
And Shining Time Station.
Travis's train has been placed outside
a novelty train restaurant
and children are climbing on it.
Here's how I read this sentence.
Due to medical problems,
he can't drink alcohol anymore.
Okay, scratch off the list.
I don't like tobacco.
Fine, scratch off the list.
I don't smoke pot.
You could.
You're just saying that you don't now.
So you're saying the question should read
I don't smoke pot and then parenthetically yet.
Yeah, I'm saying that this that's a thing.
That's one of the things.
Your answer's in the question.
It's right there.
You should probably also stop drinking water.
Drink like a soda.
No, you need to definitely hydrate.
If you're gonna be smoking so much kush,
you need to hydrate because of all the nasty ARB
you're gonna be chiefin.
You gotta fill your lungs with water.
And make sure you have some Skittles on hand.
You gotta Skittle late because you're gonna want this.
You get high enough, you press them together
and you make all sculptures.
I always thought that Munchies was one of those,
a funny thing to say that's not actually accurate.
I have never felt a hunger.
It's a righteous hunger.
The first time that I tried marijuana,
oh God, I wanted to eat everything.
What other drugs have you done, Justin?
Pretty much.
Nani, unless you're listening.
Nani's definitely listening.
Our daddy's listening.
Our daddy knows about our salvia trips.
But that's it.
That's true.
I did shrooms once.
Because at night we cleanin' out our closet.
I did shrooms.
I ate an entire pizza
because the flavor was just so amazing.
You guys are going ride or die.
I'm not going ride or die.
I'm locking my shit up.
Okay, great.
I killed a man once.
We didn't need to end the show,
but I need to share my true shroom story.
Did I ever talk about this in the show?
I don't think I did.
No, I don't think we've ever discussed
our hardcore drug use on the show before, Justin.
Okay, so I tried shrooms.
I probably did too many for my first time.
That's life.
And I'm at a friend's birthday party.
Let me show her my nameless.
We're there for 30 minutes.
And I remember somebody played the,
you know that slow motion Olsen Twins video?
Oh huh, pizza party.
Yeah, pizza party.
So we're watching that.
I'm thinking, man, I'm getting pretty high.
And then my friend's family shows up
to this party, his dad and his brother.
So at that point, I've lost my mind.
Oh God, this is really happening.
And so when I noticed him coming in,
I noticed that his brother is carrying
what appears to be a cake shaped like a giant penis
and a cake shaped like a vagina.
And I thought, oh my God, these drugs
have not only taken hold.
I am like in a full, you know,
I'm in a full Hunter S. Thompson-esque delusion
at this point.
I have lost my grip on reality.
As it happens, when my friend came under
the influence of these hallucinogenics,
he had called his brother and said
that he wanted him to make him a cake shaped
like a penis and another one shaped like a vagina.
And his brother, who is apparently
the best brother in the world,
acquiesced to this request.
And this is a real cake.
And actually the reality of that cake
is something that helped keep me grounded
for the rest of the night.
Because whenever things got too scary,
I would return to the room with a cake shaped
like a penis and remember that I wasn't so far gone.
I wish I had done Shroomstream my dolphin experience.
Can you imagine?
I can't.
It would have been like living a real life
Lisa Frank drawing.
Listen, we've had a lot of fun here today,
but it's time to get serious.
Thank you.
Drugs are bad and you shouldn't.
Well, only do drugs that are natural
out of the ground drugs.
The ones that Jesus made for you.
Thank you so much for listening.
You're the best.
We want to tell you about something really neat.
We have entered into a partnership, a team up.
A collabo.
A collabo with Operation Supply Drop.
So our friend Tristan the Marine is over in Afghanistan
defending our freedom and we want to send him
a little something.
What Operation Supply Drop does is they get collections
of gaming goodness together and they ship them
over to our fighting men and women.
And we're going to do that for Tristan the Marine.
He's over there with some of his buddies
providing intelligence support operations
and it looks like they could use some fun.
They could use some laughs.
So we're going to send them a bunch of video games.
We're raising money and also raising actual games.
We got something lying around the house
you want to donate or you just want to donate some money
or you can't do that.
You just want to spread the word.
Anything would be awesome.
Go to operationsupplydrop.org
and you're going to see Modron Era.
That's the name of our supply drop that we're doing.
We want to make it big.
We want to send them a lot of cool stuff
and we'd love it if you could go and pitch in a few bucks.
It's at operationsupplydrop.org.
His top two requests are for a GameCube for controllers
and a copy of Super Smash Brothers
and Game Boy Advance SPs with Pokemon games
and cables for trading.
How do you know?
Our army rules.
It's the fucking best.
Certainly we could do that.
So please go help them out.
You got till August 11th, but don't hesitate.
Don't wait.
Go now.
Go help them out and help spread the word.
Don't send them regular Game Boy Advances.
Those were terrible.
Give them the SPs.
They need it.
They need them.
They're compact.
They can fit into their fatigues.
They're not going to get any sand in those.
They're not going to get any sand.
They fold up.
They're sand proof.
They can hold them over their heads
when they walk through the sand rivers.
The non-backlit Game Boy Advance.
You can't see that in that hot Afghanistan sign.
They're going to fucking think they're catching a Mewtwo
and it's a dodo.
And they're going to be so disappointed.
And they're not going to be able to go on.
They're not going to have the strength or will to fight.
And then we're going to lose this war.
And it's going to be your fault for sitting on this shitty model
that Nintendo led the Game Boy Advance generation with.
For some reason, I just don't understand it.
Kids don't need to see outside, do they?
Cool, cool.
Just go and launch that product.
Pretty good product, Nintendo.
Thank you to everybody tweeting about the program.
People like Patrick, Doug Piker, Mitch Reeder, Portland Resident,
Sean Melzmer, Kathleen Duffy, Miles Tostel,
Andrew Tennison, Jeff Fowler, Stymie.
Thank you for tweeting about the show.
Please share with a friend.
That's the only way we can grow.
Let me just say really quick that Sega launched the Game Gear
years before the Game Boy Advance
and managed to figure out that people want backlit screens.
Yes, government.
But to be fair, the Game Gear killed its batteries in 2.3 seconds.
Yeah, but it was an illuminated 2.3 seconds.
It was fully colored as well.
And it was beautiful for a second.
And then you blinked and it was gone.
Sorry, what were you going to say, Travis?
I was going to say that you may have noticed that we did not do farm wisdom this week.
And that is because we need your farm wisdom, people.
We can't just make that shit up.
And we also can't just Google it because that's cheating.
Yeah, you got to send it to us.
We want to get it from you.
Farm wisdom.
Send us your questions.
Send anything you want to mbmbam at maximumfun.org.
Speaking of that domain, you can head there to find a bunch of great maximum fun programs.
Stop podcasting yourself.
Gosh, Jordan and Jesse, go.
Judge John Hodgman.
So many wonderful programs that you can enjoy.
They're all waiting there for you.
I got a new medical history program on MaxFun that I do with my wife, Sydney.
It's called Sawbones.
So check that out.
And thank you so much for joining us.
We'll be here with you next Monday, presumably.
Also, thanks to John Roderick.
Did you think John Roderick?
No, I was waiting for you to do it.
Usually you do it.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a terrific album.
I've been spinning it a lot.
It's full of a lot of summer hits.
I also want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure.
It's been, what, like 160 episodes and you've never, like, piped up about it.
You just always say, like, I want to thank you.
You say we.
Right.
I'm just saying I thought after all this time that you were just, like, an ungrateful pig.
No, it's just that, like, I want to say it, but I want to step in your toes.
Griffin, do you have a final question for us?
This final Yahoo answer was sent in by Reedzilla.
Thank you, Reedzilla.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Molly, who asks,
What happens at a Paul McCartney concert?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
