The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. And I'm the sweet baby brother and 30 under
30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy. Red, red wine.
See me? It just is in my heart right now.
Really? I just feel great.
Yeah, just so happy to be here recording this show with you,
my brothers, and that song, Gooby 40's cover of Red, Red Wine, is what is in my heart.
Do you want to know what's in my- Stay close to me.
Here's what's in mine, inexplicably. Now that you're gone, I just want to be with you,
Enrique Iglesias. No idea why. Woke up this morning, there I was.
Don't overthink it, Griffin. Open up your heart and let a song out.
Probably U2's Vertigo, the introduction to it, where he's like,
un, deux, trois, 14. That one gets me psyched out of my fucking mind.
And don't get me wrong, I hate the rest of the song and the rest of the band's music.
How great would it be if that intro was eight minutes long and him just like, Ichi, seven,
green. Yeah, here's some more of my favorite words.
Thano, that's my name. His name's the edge. Over there, that's Larry.
I'd like to introduce you to my band. You know us.
We're the Beatles. And of course, the final member, U2.
U2. You are a Thano.
Special thanks to U2. We couldn't have done it without you.
That's why the band's called that. So do you think Larry did have a moment
where he's like, you know what, you go and call yourself?
Okay. Bono.
And you are the edge. Okay, and I'm going to be Lightning Man.
Well, actually- No, you can't be the Lightning Man.
You're actually going to be Larry. And you are Adam.
We're Larry and Adam. The thing, Justin, is actually
Larry's legal Christian name is Inferno Lightning, and he goes by Larry.
So he had to change it. Inferno, Blaze, Lightning.
But he's like, the edge is like- He's like, just call me Larry.
If Adam and Larry ever broke off into their own band, Adam and Larry-
Us two. It would sound like-
It would be called Us Two, please. They would call themselves Adam and Larry,
and it would sound like two Christian comedians that go church to church
doing wholesome routines. I mean, that's basically what-
Basically what you two's oeuvre is. It sounded like Travis had a good intro.
I'm excited to hear what- Sorry.
Sorry, yeah, go ahead. We're nearing episode 400,
and so I wanted to inject a new segment to kind of bring new life.
And I was thinking about this last night as I was trying to fall asleep.
Just, I was really worried about Daylight Savings Time.
You know, it's keeping me up. For the time thief.
For the farmers to come and take away the hour they gave us back in fall.
So I've titled this segment, What Do You Think You Would Do If?
I've come up with some hypothetical scenarios I got for here,
that I don't want to pitch to you guys.
So this is like an audio sort of theater of the mind John Quinone experiment.
Yeah, sort of like that. So Justin Griffin,
what do you think you would do if you saw a bear,
and then the bear kind of like padded the seat next to him,
and he just kind of like stared up at the stars?
Is it sexual? The padding?
No, it's more just kind of, well, it's an open-ended invitation.
I don't want to limit where the scenario will go,
because that's kind of up to you, but it's just, it's just an invitation.
I mean, I can't, I'm in a place in my life right now
where I can't just go around kissing bears in the forest.
Weird strange bears in the forest.
I'm married, you know, I got a kid, I got responsibilities, I got fidelities.
And I'm worried about what this sort of atmosphere would create.
The bear's breath hot on my face, rich with honey.
So I would say, but boy, I do love stargazing.
I think I would have to create a sort of platonic atmosphere with the bear
in a way that doesn't make the bear feel threatened, like it needs to attack me.
Excellent. Justin?
I want my own.
Okay.
Griffin already did that.
So Justin, what would you do, what do you think you would do
if Burt Reynolds came to you and said that he needed your help
because he had loaned a friend his DVD copy of Meet the Parents,
and then the friend said that he didn't have it,
but Burt Reynolds had seen it on his friend's entertainment center the week before?
Did you say Burt Reynolds, which is my favorite crayon color?
Yes. Okay.
That's actually Burt Reynolds' full name is Burnt Reynolds, and he shortened it.
It is silent.
So Travis, you didn't finish your anecdote.
So Burt Reynolds-
Burt Reynolds, he loaned his friend his DVD copy of Meet the Parents.
Now he does also have a Blu-ray copy, so it's not pressing,
but he loaned his DVD copy of Meet the Parents to his friend.
And then when he asked for it back,
a friend said he didn't have it, but Burt Reynolds had seen it
on his friend's entertainment center the week before.
The DVD's got better special features too.
It has the gag reel Easter egg.
Okay, so is the person who he loaned the DVD to,
is he part of the Hollywood Glitterati?
Do I know the friend?
No, it's just his friend Doug.
Doug Reynolds? No.
That wouldn't make any sense.
There would be no reason for what I said.
No, it's actually Dung Reynolds.
And it's silent.
Okay, so Burt asked me to get...
Okay, do I have any sort of relationship with Dung?
Let's say you maybe live on the same block,
but you haven't spent a lot of time together,
but you've seen each other at the local swap meets.
Okay, so what I would do is this friendship with...
I'm not the sort of person who when they make
a celebrity friend, sort of milks it for all it's worth.
So I am really gonna try to foster a better friendship
between me and Burt, and what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna buy him a new copy of Meet the Parents on DVD,
and I'm gonna give it to him, and wait,
there's right answers?
Well, don't worry about that.
Hold on, don't worry about that.
No, hold on, I need to know if there's right answers
to this segment, because then I might do my bear one.
No, you're both right so far.
You're nailing it, 100%.
So it was sexual, we can all agree this bear
is trying to put the moves on me.
Okay, so yeah, I would get him a new DVD,
and I would say, like, here, I don't want you
to have to worry about this anymore.
You're in your Twilight years, you just did that
direct to direct TV.
That is a thing, actually, it is direct to direct TV.
Burt Reynolds movie, the...
So, you know, I want him to keep acting,
I want him to focus his energies on that,
and I don't necessarily want him
worrying about this DVD anymore.
So I'm gonna drive a wedge between him and Dung
by buying him a copy of the DVD, and he'll say,
thank goodness I don't have to worry about that anymore.
Thank you, Justin.
Give me a second to finish writing that down.
Thank you, Justin.
Wait, why do you need to write it down?
Don't worry about it.
Okay, so Griffin, here's your second one.
What do you think you would do if you were a turtle
and you had really good credit,
but you're not sure if you're ready to settle down
with your long-term girlfriend, Sheila?
Why does my credit have anything?
It's really good.
This is just sort of character development
about turtle not being.
So what do you think you would do?
I mean, here's the thing.
Turtles live for fucking 2,000 years.
We all got the same turtles from back in Christ's time,
basically, and so if you settle down as a turtle,
that really means something,
because you're talking about thousands of years,
but potentially, and then it's all about spawning
and the eggs, there's like a billion of them,
and that's a big responsibility, too.
I kind of get it, but at the same time,
it's pretty long.
I don't have a good answer for this one, Travis.
You've given me literally nothing.
That is correct.
Justin, here's the final one.
What do you think you would do if-
Oh, wow, wow.
You saw fire, and at first you panicked a little bit,
but then you realized it was just like a campfire
and all of your closest friends were sitting around it,
and they were all really worried about you.
And they were all really silent,
and at first you're like, what's going on?
But then you realize they're all just being contemplative
and thinking about life,
and then the fire starts to die down,
and you go through all the proper steps to put the fire out
and pour sand on it and stuff and make sure it's out.
And then you go and you lay down in your tent
and you start to feel a little hungry,
and you remember you have a cliff bar in your jacket,
but then you think, oh, no, I left my jacket out by the fire.
But then you realize that, no, you brought it in.
It's in the tent with you.
And you go into the pocket and you get the cliff bar out
and you had thought it was chocolate chip,
but it's actually oatmeal chocolate chip.
Then you eat it and you don't feel hungry anymore,
and then you go to sleep.
Kind of feels like Travis only had two.
Yeah, I don't think that one, it requires much action.
So what do you think you would do if?
What I would probably do is continue to sleep,
have a restless night's sleep
because laying on the earthen ground is always difficult.
And you ate so late,
and you know that always gives you weird dreams.
Yeah, and I would have a weird dream
and I would wake up the next day
and build a new fire and start the cycle again.
Excellent, you are correct.
You are trapped in a time cycle.
You nailed that one.
Waiting for Dr. Who to come, that is his name,
Dr. Who to come rescue me or her name, excuse me,
wait for her to come rescue me from the cycle.
All right, now Travis, it's your turn.
What do you think you would do?
No, Justin, you have to really squawk it.
What do you think you would do
if you were friends with Barack Obama?
Friends to acquaintances.
You don't know each other great, but whatever.
So I might invite him to hang out in a big group hang,
but it would be weird if he and I went on a road trip?
Yes, thank you.
All right, you're borrowing this dude's DVDs nonstop.
And you had some live shows coming up
and you needed a poster design
and you asked Barack to make one for you.
Even if it's not good, it's still the poster that Barack made
and people are gonna be wild for it.
He gives you a link, a shareable link
for some of his rough sketches,
sort of what he's thinking about for the shows.
When you click through the link, the posters are there,
they're terrible.
I mean, they are wretched.
But you also see a directory in the Dropbox that says Pirate.
And when you go into it,
you find off-screen filmed copies of The Post,
of Thor Ragnarok, of Lady Bird,
and then some like Broadway stuff.
Oh, geez.
Legally Blonde, he filmed a preview of Legally Blonde
and tormented it.
Oh, man.
He didn't film it, he tormented it.
So what do you think you would do?
So if I found out that our former president,
Barack Hussein Obama, had pirated not only film,
but also Broadway, which is probably,
I would say even more upsetting than pirating film.
And the Olympics, and some football games.
And you're not supposed to do that.
Yeah, it's some of his favorite football games.
What would I do?
You know what?
I'd turn him in.
Wow.
I mean, listen, I'm not proud, but I'm lawful good.
You know what I mean?
If there's one thing people know about me.
Would you really fucking turn him in?
No.
No, of course I wouldn't, Justin.
Okay, well, why don't you answer my question?
Why don't you quit being full of shit
for a fucking minute of your life?
Yeah, I want to answer my fucking query.
Because I panicked.
Do you want to know the truth, Justin?
That's a hard game, huh?
In this administration, you want to hand
the former president, Barack Hussein Obama,
over to this current administration
as a federal criminal.
You want to do that.
That's your fucking choice.
Here's what I would do, Justin.
Here's what I would do.
Do you want to know what I would fucking do?
Yeah, I wouldn't have asked it
if I didn't want to know what you would do.
Here's what I fucking do, Justin.
I would maybe set up some sort of elaborate prank,
but not like a funny prank,
but like kind of a scared straight kind of prank,
where I was like, and if that had been real,
you'd be in prison right now, Barry, you know?
I'm worried about you.
Okay, you show up at his door,
dressed up as a movie cop.
My name is Ace Shooter, Hollywood Cop,
and I probably don't want to show up
at former president Barack Obama's house
and say your name is Ace Shooter.
That's a fucking, that's my fucking name.
What do you want me to do?
Have it changed.
Go to the Imagitorium and get a new name for Ace Shooter.
Fine, my name is Ace Cool Flicks,
and my name is Ace Netflix, and I'm here.
Would you steal a car, former president Barack Hussein Obama?
I do not think so.
So why have you stolen the ladybird?
You're going to jail for a very long time.
Just kidding, it's me, Griffin.
But you learned something.
I feel like he didn't give him time to get scared.
He knew it was you, you're close friends.
Let me try again.
He's closer to Griffin than he is to Travis.
Hey, what's up?
My name is Damien Blockbuster, Hollywood police,
and I'm here to talk to you about the ladybirds you stole.
Did you use this to get past the Secret Service?
Because I think that they would probably answer the door
and not let you get close unless you-
No, Justin, it's a jurisdiction thing,
because at that point, the Hollywood police
trumps the Secret Service.
I brought a pie, and I'm like, this is Barack home, president?
And then I laid on him.
I'm going to put you in the Slammer now,
the Hollywood Slammer, and wait for it.
Just kidding, it's me, Griffin.
I tear off the beard.
Oh, there's the beard.
There is no Damien Blockbuster.
I mean, maybe somewhere.
This is a good segment, Travis.
Hey, thank you.
Speaking of the live shows that we got,
former president Barack Hussein Obama
to make posters for us,
should we talk about the live shows
we do actually have coming up?
Yeah, let's blaze through them.
Folks, we're hitting the road this year.
We're getting back out there.
It's too much road.
I'm looking at a list of road, and I'm already exhausted.
There's a lot of roads.
I'm not going to bog you down with a bunch of dates
because you can find those at mcroyshows.com forward slash tours.
Trevor, can you go ahead and put those on there
even if we don't have the links yet?
Yeah, by the time this goes live, they'll be up there.
They'll be up there.
Okay, mcroyshows.com forward slash tours.
We are coming to...
Okay, my brother, my brother and me
is coming to Dallas, Houston, St. Louis,
Detroit, Columbus, San Francisco,
Phoenix, Orlando, and Atlanta.
Now, some of those two are also Adventure Zone shows.
Adventure Zone is going to be in-
I was going to do them separately.
The Adventure Zone is coming to Dallas,
San Francisco, and Atlanta.
Yes, and those are over like the next,
Jesus, like six months.
Yeah, from April to September in there.
There's a lot of shows going up, folks.
It's going to be a lot of fun,
and we're very much looking forward to it.
I know I said that I wasn't
because of how exhausted I was,
but it's going to be a hoot.
Some of these have never been to.
Columbus, Detroit, St. Louis.
What's up, St. Louis?
Going to get up in that big scary arch.
Phoenix.
Phoenix has its own arch.
I have been to Columbus many times.
That's where COSI is.
Nice try.
But we haven't done no shows there.
Anyway, yeah, all the links and stuff
are at mcroyshows.com slash tours.
Now, tickets are going to go on sale this week,
so look lively.
Somebody with the email open
can probably tell you exactly when that's going to be.
Yeah, so tickets are going to go on sale Friday the 16th
at 10 a.m. local time.
Now, just-
Local to where the shows are,
not just where you live.
Correct.
Now, the thing, keep in mind,
just as a word of warning
because it's happened before,
it's always possible that they go on sale
a little bit early,
so maybe don't jump on right at like 10 a.m.
Maybe start checking a few minutes before
just something to keep in mind.
Now, we are going to be doing a pre-sale also.
Correct.
That's going to be Wednesday, March 14th at 10 a.m. local
to Thursday, March 15th at 10 p.m. local.
There's going to be a pre-sale going,
and all you need to do to access that pre-sale
is use the password mybrother,
and that's the same for Taz and the Bim Bam shows.
It's mybrother,
and you can use that pre-sale to get into,
to buy the tickets early.
If you want to go to the shows, do that.
Do the pre-sale because if you wait for the other one,
it might be tough.
If you have problems accessing the site,
if the site goes down, which it tends to,
keep trying.
Don't like get out of queue or whatever,
and if you're going to tweet at somebody,
tweet at the venue or whatever if you're having issues
because we are not going to be able to do anything about it.
We're going aggro, Craig, with this fucking schedule,
so we are not going to be able to add more shows and stuff
like we usually do, so look lively.
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Please don't tweet at us.
We have no idea how this fucking process works.
And just, we also are going to,
that's only up till the beginning of September.
We're looking at some other things, nothing guaranteed,
but we're going to try to keep doing them
throughout the year too,
but this is the only thing that's confirmed
and guaranteed right now.
All right, so look lively.
Justin, read this question.
Here we go with the show.
I like watching nature shows at night before bed to relax.
My cat has begun doing this cute thing
where he sits at the foot of the bed
and inadvertently watches the TV with me.
Or intently, not intently.
You really added a lot of letters.
Whoa, I added a lot of there.
Okay, intently watches the TV with me.
His favorite shows feature birds or four-legged critters,
like David Attenborough shows, of course.
Like David Attenborough, a centaur.
One night, I was watching some trashy TV
when my cat hopped up on the bed and began watching.
Immediately, I changed from my trashy TV show
to a nature show I knew he would like so that he would stay.
And then I realized I just tailored my TV time
to my cat's preferences.
Brothers, what's the protocol
for sharing TV time with a cat?
How can I expand my cat's interest beyond just critter shows?
And that's from Not That Crazy Cat Lady in Tennessee.
Maybe your cat just wants you to learn something
about alligators instead of just watching some Garbo TV.
Maybe your cat wants to enrich your mind
with David Attenborough's lessons.
And I still, people are always talking about this dude
and I still just have no idea who it is.
But I assume he gets up there and he's like,
alligators, is he British?
Alligators, the snakes with legs.
And you learn about them instead of seeing a bunch of people
hit each other in the street while drunk.
I don't know, I don't know.
I feel like that's a good thing.
How far does this go though?
If you start indulging your cat this way
and then you turn on the new Brian Eno record
and your cat comes over and he swats your face,
you say, I want Skinnerd.
Put on Skinnerd.
Put on some Skinnerd.
Put on some Skinnerd.
Now, I learned to talk.
Also, get the wet food.
I know it's a pain in the ass,
but I want the wet stuff.
You gotta open one can at a time.
I like them commercials with the dog in the china dish.
Oh, I like that.
I'm tired of that dry stuff that's supposed to make my shit smell good.
It's never gonna happen.
Give me the can. Give me better shit sand, Debbie.
I've been thinking about it.
I think I want it.
Eat a bacon strip.
Fuck you.
Send me to school.
I want to go to school.
Stop keeping me from school.
I want to learn.
I want to be like you.
Give me a mantra and fire.
I'm going to go to technical college
and learn how to maintain servers.
I want to go to living.
Ever since you closed down the plant,
I've been stagnant.
Yeah, I don't know what happened.
I want a future.
I can't access my email anymore.
Is there any way you can-
Yeah, I can fix it.
And we just plug-
Oh, you didn't have it plugged into the damn Wi-Fi.
Hold on.
All right, I did it.
I'm gonna knock your mouse off your desk now.
Scanner, fuck you.
Don't you want to use-
Wouldn't that be easier if you use the mouse?
No, I don't.
I don't enjoy using the-
It's my predilections.
I don't like using mice.
And it's also better sensitivity with the trackpad, really.
Yeah, look at these pads.
Look at them.
All right.
Hey, you got any milk?
So we just did a fun cat character
rather than just sort of addressing the issue.
I think that helped though.
I mean, it doesn't.
I mean, if your cat can like nature shows,
then your cat can learn to like My 600-lb Life.
So you just gotta help.
You meet your cat halfway,
watch a little something they like,
and then watch a little something you like.
And sometimes you can get them on board
with the storylines of something,
especially those episodic, trashy reality TV shows.
Maybe try to adjust your cat's taste
so they like the stuff you like.
Yeah, do you know cats?
That ain't gonna happen.
My cat is just,
I can't get this little guy to do anything.
Maybe get your cat a smaller TV
that you just play nature shows on
so you can watch what you want.
Well, but that's gonna end up with you
watching a small TV and him watching a big TV.
He just, my cat runs my life, you know?
I'm just operating on his schedule at this point.
You know what I mean?
If they were to make a sitcom about me and my cat,
you know what we'd call it, Who's the Boss?
Except maybe they'd stylize it as Who's the Paws?
Who's the Paws?
Maybe Muse the Boss?
So Griffin, you got a Yahoo?
I do.
Here's one that was sent in by Merit Palmer.
Thank you, Merit.
It's Yahoo Answers user,
BolsteadNorge asks,
if a word in the dictionary were misspelled,
how would we know?
Oh, shit.
Whoa, fuck.
No additional details listed or required.
How would we know?
No, like a real toughy like archipelago.
And you're like, did I do this right?
Let's check with the dictionary.
And the dictionary is like, here's how we think it is.
But how did they come, how did they figure that out?
And words that you can't really figure out,
like what the right way is, like color or color.
Like whatever they list is just how it goes.
But did they go to the, you know,
where did they find the ancient stone tablet
that was just like, nah, nah, nah.
Here's how you spell archipelago.
Okay, words do change their spelling over time, right?
So if you look at like early, like old English,
you're gonna see a lot of wild vowels
and what have you in there, right?
Yeah, and like what's up used to be what's up.
And then all the great commercials came out
and now the dictionary says it's was up.
Yeah, so that language changes.
I think if the dictionary changes the spelling on something,
that's the spelling.
Yeah, I actually, I think that there are also
quantum words like restaurant, for example.
I think if you look at it, it changes between
being R-E-S-T-A-U-R-A-N-T or A-R-A-U-N-T,
depending on when you're looking at it
and who's looking at it, because I don't believe
that there is actually a right way to spell restaurant
and I'll always get it wrong forever and ever and ever.
You know what I always get made as convenience?
Oh, yeah.
A resuscitation, like anything with like the double S's
in there somewhere. How often are you putting that down?
What? How often are you doing resuscitation?
Yeah, how often do you have to say resuscitation?
I can't even say a fucking thing.
Sure, I can't even say it.
Are you using resuscitation a lot?
Oh, you know the other one, occasionally.
Oh, yeah. Which ones are doubles?
Balloon. Balloon gets you?
Balloon is tough. Is it a double L?
I don't know, I don't remember. Oh, shit.
Or a single O? This is my ballon.
But that's what I'm saying. They could just change it.
And they're always adding stuff.
They're very hip and very woke
and they're always adding stuff to the word Bible.
And just kind of, who's making these calls?
It's just like, now balloon is one L, one O.
It's ballon. And now that's how it is.
And if every other, and when they do that,
every book ever written before that is just full of typos.
Yeah, it's just wrong.
How come there's not a fucking competing dictionary?
Yes.
There's only the one dictionary company that's out there
and they're the only ones deciding.
And I think it's time for us to maybe do a dictionary.
And it can probably just not be all the words.
I don't think we're gonna be competing with them on scale.
But like some of this stuff, there's just like the word-
Just the hard words.
Like conscience.
It's just like, I would just miss that one.
And I would just be like, conscience.
The thing inside of you tells you whether it's good or not.
How it's spelled.
Just whatever.
Just go for it.
That's the thing is we're fine listing multiple definitions
for words, but not multiple spellings.
Come on, grow up.
Grow the fuck up, Miriam.
It's 2018.
Things are spelled however.
I've got too much on my plate to worry about
where the U goes in restaurant.
And with our, the McElroy's super good dictionary,
spelling bees become way more fun.
Cause then it'd be like, if they get up there
and spell it, it'd be like, spell archipelago.
And they'd be like, A-R-K-A-P-E-L-I-G-O.
And they'd be like, I guess.
That tracks.
Fine.
It was so fun pretending there's only one-
And then they would go do a physical challenge.
Yes.
So it'd be awesome.
Yes, yes, yes.
Arm wrestle now.
You too.
From the spelling of the word.
Yeah.
It was so fun pretending there's only one dictionary.
But I'm going to stop pretending it for this next thing
I'm going to say.
Okay.
You know how there's like different dictionary companies?
What?
No, but there's only one as established.
We're not pretending that anymore.
Oh, okay.
So like, there's like Webster's and Oxford.
Wouldn't it be funny if Webster decided to make,
like change the definition of Oxford in its dictionary?
Just like, oh, at Oxford, that's the Dickey stain
you get on your drawers.
Got them, got them.
Oh, you got an Oxford on there, gross.
Why is there different dictionaries?
Because the words are the same and the definitions are the same.
Is it just you copy and paste the other folks shit
and just put it right in your book?
And it's like, you stole it.
What are you talking about?
I can't steal what Apple means.
It's so they can have an arms race for putting busted new words in
to try to have some like notoriety or like some reason
that the media will talk about.
Like, did you hear staycations in there now?
Like, yeah, fine.
It's so quick.
Yeet goes viral.
And Merriam's like, we got yeet, yeet, yeet, yeet, yeet.
Burn the old ones.
Burn the old ones.
All your old books are bullshit.
Go buy a new one.
It's got yeet.
It's the Merriam-Webster 2018 yeet edition.
Also, we took YOLO out.
Nobody's fucking saying YOLO out.
What are those?
It's done.
Welcome to the Merriam-Webster what's hot, what's not edition.
I would like to make a new better version segment.
Oh, okay.
A new version of the dictionary that just has a different alphabetical order
because alphabetical order is just completely arbitrary as it is.
And I would like to put all the vowels together.
Oh, that's good.
And then, but the whole alphabet starts with T
so that I'll always be first in line for stuff.
That's cool.
And then maybe instead of a song that we teach our children,
you just say the alphabet like it's one big word.
I like that.
So it's like-
Since the beginning.
And then all the vowels.
So it's like-
And then all the vowels.
Like that, and then kids say it and it helps them learn.
Like a Missy Elliott song.
Yeah.
Well, you know that not all her songs are like-
What?
Once-
Yeah, not all of her songs feature her sort of saying things backwards.
You know that, right?
It's not a gimmick.
It's just one thing.
It's not a gimmick.
She's not the backward song singer.
She just really has the one where that's sort of the focus.
Okay.
Well, sure.
If you want to just step on my joke.
Joke's kind of a strong word.
Let's take a break now and head on over to the Money Zone.
Already, huh?
Wow, that what would you do segment sure took a while, huh?
It was what do you think you would do?
There's no copyright in French in here.
Folks, I want to take a moment to ask if you are hiring,
because time's tight over here and I could use a gig.
Posting your position to job sites.
That's what you do normally.
And then what do you do?
You wait, you wait, you wait for the right people to see it.
Well, no more waiting because Zip Recruiter has revolutionized hiring.
Their technology finds great candidates for you.
It kicks open their door.
It grabs them by the scruff of their neck.
It drags them into your desk.
It tapes them there with duct tape and it makes them answer your questions.
It learns that you're looking for it,
identifies people with the right experience and invites them to apply.
What kind of experience do you think you look for
for people to write a dictionary for you?
Like if you were hiring dictionary writers,
that's such a specialized skill set.
Yeah, what's the deal with that?
Do you think that there are dictionaries
that also include some sort of narrative?
We did dictionaries already, Travis.
We're in the body of the advertisement now.
But now I'm thinking about if we wrote a dictionary,
but there was a story that unfolded as you read the dictionary.
That could be fun.
Okay.
Hey, peepums nasty.
Peepums, as long as we're doing all the big bits,
peepums nasty gun.
Let's check in on that one.
Right now, our listeners can try for free
at ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
That's ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
Hey, Pamela, how's our new spot on the bim-bam?
Well, it's long.
It's not really about us for much of it,
but it is a long spot.
I want to tell you about Squarespace.
From those boys.
Now, I want to tell you about Squarespace.
And also probably Glass Sharks at some point.
Glass Sharks can come in there.
Well, I'm going to reference something
I referenced earlier in the podcast.
And that is we were talking about the tours.
And we said macroshows.com slash tours.
And I said, yeah, I can put that up there.
That'll be up by the time.
That's because we use Squarespace.
And Squarespace is so intuitive and easy to use
that I can make changes wherever I need to,
update stuff rapidly and on my own schedule
without having to wait for some huge,
I don't know, website producing machine
to make the website for me.
I can do it.
And if you have a cool idea
or something you want to create a web presence for,
make a new website on Squarespace.
It's super easy.
They have beautiful templates
created by world-class designers.
They also have e-commerce functionality.
So if you want to sell things, you can do that.
And it's optimized for mobile right out of the box.
You don't even have to do anything
so people can use it on their smartphones.
Travis mentioned that quick iteration.
It really is awesome.
Like hypothetically, you could put on like a contact page
on like a personal website where people could email you.
And then when like 200 people send you emails
about BananaVore, you can just delete that instantly.
And like, it's not even a big deal
and nobody even notices.
And they help you buy domains
and they have a ton of extensions to use
and there's nothing to patch or upgrade ever.
So go check out Squarespace.com for a free trial.
And when you're ready to launch,
use the offer code MYBROTHER to save 10%
off your first purchase of a website or domain.
That's Squarespace.com and enter the code MYBROTHER,
all one word.
I want to tell you all about an exciting new podcast
that is called Talk From Superheroes.
It is a new podcast.
It's hosted by Andrew and Diana,
the creators of Texts From Superheroes,
that hilarious web comic you've seen
where superheroes text each other.
Every week on Talk From Superheroes,
they break down the hilarious things you've never noticed
in superhero movies and TV shows.
Like how Green Goblin's glider definitely cut off his junk
in 2002's Spider-Man.
Man of Steel is about how to insert a space USB
and how Tony Stark recruited a child soldier in Civil War.
Oh my goodness.
Yeah, I think all that probably does track.
A lot of just sort of probably I bet like
snafus, continuity errors, a lot of outtakes,
a lot of probably some plot holes, gang.
And so gird yourself for that.
But it's all on TalkFromSuperheroes.com
or you can also just search for Talk From Superheroes
on iTunes or wherever you listen to podcasts.
I think that means like whatever application you use
to download the podcast and not like a nice tree
like to sit under or over in a hot air balloon
and enjoy listening to your podcasts.
Yes, this is from Anna Heavens and it's for Smooch Island.
Hey Smoochers, what a year it's been.
Thank you for being part of a community
where it's normal to build internet friendships,
do some flirts, get some selfie validation
and maybe even experience some island magic.
To Jack, Almay, Jenny, Mo and John,
you are the best mods and people I know.
Thank you for everything.
I love y'all, keep smooching.
What is Smooch Island?
I don't know but I'm so excited to get to say it
and just be there.
You can't be there, it's like lost.
It's always moving.
There's a scary polar bear
and there's a big cloud that comes around and kills people.
But aside from that, it's great.
Everybody's smooching all the time.
Now why didn't you go with Fantasy Island, Griffin?
Because it seems more like Fantasy Island.
Nope, it's the lost island, bears and everything.
Sawyer's there, Sawyer's there, but he's kissing.
He's kissing?
Oh, so you can smooch Sawyer, that helps.
Hell yeah.
That really takes the edge off the smoke monster.
I'll say this, smooch Sawyer doesn't hurt.
Well, he's got a lot of stubble.
You might get some hurt.
Oh, it would.
You gonna read this next one, Trav?
Sure, this is from Wes Davies and it's for Robin Phelan.
Dear Robin Phelan, fantastic DM
and even more fantastic friend.
Reese and Wes, Inya and Francie, Sin and Amy,
Rizza and Luca, Kuviri and Juniper,
Way and Iris.
Why is it written like this, Wes?
This is the biggest D&D group fucking ever.
Maybe that's their, that's probably the player.
Wait, is that the player?
Player and the, I don't know.
Character and the player?
I don't know.
They all send you our love
and thank you for the zags, the gays,
and for all the kindness you put into the stories
you give to us.
May they continue to heal us and you every month.
You are so loved.
And that message is set to air whenever.
I like it.
I like it.
There's never a bad time to thank your DM
for their hard, hard work.
I agree, Griffin.
Thank you, Travis.
Hi, I'm Ellie Gertz.
And I'm Julia Prescott,
and we're the hosts of Everything's Coming Up Simpsons.
We are a Simpsons podcast,
brand new to the Maximum Fun Network.
And every episode we cover a different episode
of The Simpsons that is a favorite of our special guests.
We've had guests that are showrunners and writers
and voice actors like Nancy Cartwright,
all people that have worked on The Simpsons.
And we've also had guests like Weird Al
and people that are on the Maximum Fun Network already.
And each week we will talk to a very cool guest
about their favorite episode.
And it is so much fun.
So if you like The Simpsons,
come listen to Everything's Coming Up Simpsons.
All right, smell you later.
My friend won't let up
about the existence of airline hitchhikers,
people that stow away in the baggage place of an airplane
and look through the paying passengers things
during the flight.
According to her,
they sneak on while the terminal loads in the baggage,
nobody the wiser.
This only came up when I asked
why she was putting those miniature key locks
on every single zipper for checked bag,
as I thought she was more hesitant
about them opening during flight
instead of hitchhikers digging through her socks
or something.
How can I convince her that these airplane stowaways
don't exist and are not looking through luggage
and she doesn't need a dozen locks on her suitcase?
And that's from Surprised in Sarasota.
Of course, yes.
This is obviously ridiculous
because people sneak on the plane inside the luggage,
not while it's being loaded.
Don't be ridiculous.
And then when they put the luggage through the x-ray
and they get stopped like, hey, we saw some weird shit
and you can be like, no, no, no, it's just a skeleton.
Yep.
I'm fine if there's airplane hitchhikers.
If that's the point that we're at, that's fine.
Can I please leave my shoes on then?
If you are gonna let people climb on
and dig through people's bags with their sticky fingers,
can I please just leave the shoes on maybe?
Would that be okay?
They're prescription shoes, TSA.
Justin, you used the word let in the air
and it did occur to me that if this was truly a problem
and there were airline hitchhikers
and so airlines were just like, what are you gonna do?
Listen, we can't stop it every day.
We open the doors, oh, dang it.
Everybody's clothes are everywhere.
They got us again, the airline hitchhiker.
And they've just accepted that it's an inevitability.
You can't stop these sky pirates.
You know what I mean?
It happens.
That is what I am implying, yes.
I don't think that it would continue to be.
They don't let me on wearing my shoes.
You do get a chance to put,
you know that once you go through security,
you can put the shoes back on and you don't.
What?
Wait a minute.
Wait, I thought you left them off so you got home.
Are you the stink feet man I've been reading about?
I've been seeing articles pop up on Time,
the Wall Street Journal, all the big blogs
about the stink feet man who goes on the plane
and doesn't wear the shoes
and then just sort of makes the plane his space with the smell.
The worst thing I think about having to take your shoes off
at the airport and it's a huge inconvenience obviously,
but if you think about it, if you're a sane human being,
you go to get on the airplane and serve your kickoff buddies,
your buddies that you can just slip right off.
And then what happens?
Well, the terrible side effect is you've now loaded up
an airplane with people that are wearing the shoes
that are most easily kicked off.
Like most easy, just like kick off and relax.
You're kickoff buddies and you're wearing them.
It's a whole plane.
We have like normalized taking your shoes off in an airplane
because everybody's wearing the shoes
that are so easy to slip on and off.
They should make you wear your most difficult.
Everybody should have to wear their steampunk boots
that lace up to the knee that require two friends
to help you get on and off.
Your Dom boots.
Yeah, I'm actually sitting here right now
looking at my steampunk boots
and that is where that reference came from.
Yeah, the only hero of my brother, my brother.
That's probably not true.
This is a podcast.
There's probably a lot of podcasters
who have steampunk boots.
If only there was a word for people who hide
in the like the secret spaces of modes of transit
because Airline Hitchhikers is kind of a mouthful.
When they first said Airline Hitchhikers,
it made me picture someone on a cloud like-
Yeah, someone like on a hot air balloon
with their thumb out and they're like,
I gotta get to Phoenix,
but I don't have a whole lot of money.
Okay, here it comes.
Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit, oh shit.
That's kind of what the little prince did.
You know, the comments weren't into that.
Comments weren't asked.
The gremlin with the Shatner episode of Twilight Zone.
Thank you, Travis.
How about a yahoo?
Yeah, can I just mention one other thing?
The lid of my coffee mug stinks.
You wash it?
Yeah, I wash it every day
and it's just the lid, the top of the lid of it stinks.
Wait, it stinks like plastic?
Because that's the thing I don't care for
in the tumblers.
It's a travel tumbler.
That's the only thing I use to travel.
I never, here's a fun fact about me.
I don't leave the house as a rule.
Don't pour my coffee in anything but travel mugs
because if you're using a regular mug to drink your coffee,
it is cold instantly.
When I dump it into this,
when I dump it into the Kotigo auto seal though,
it's gonna stay warm for longer.
So I always do that except the lid of this Kotigo auto seal
smells so bad that I'm gonna throw the stink in
and I'm gonna throw it away.
What kind of stink, Justin?
Let's get in there.
I don't wanna know.
Is it the stink like a dirty lid?
Veto, veto, veto, blackball, blackball, blackball.
Don't wanna hear about Justin's mouth stink.
No way, veto.
It is no way this is from me.
This is not my brand.
Is it just the material of the lid you don't care for?
It's like it's a porous material that has absorbed stink
at some point in the dishwashing process.
What kind of stink, Justin?
I mean, it's an earthy, mellow stink.
It's just like an old laundry stink.
Kind of a musty old laundry stink on my Kotigo auto seal.
How's the mouth feel?
I mean, there's no sensory input in terms of tactile or taste.
It's purely an olfactory issue.
But with every drink, I'm like rubbing my nose in the stink
while I'm trying to drink my coffee.
Have you thought about just boiling the lid?
I just took another drink.
Stop taking drinks of it, Justin.
I need it to do the comedy.
How about this Yahoo?
What do you think you would do, Liv?
Oh, fuck, for Christ's sake.
You need coffee to do your comedy.
Here's a Yahoo that was sent in.
Thank you, Adrian Cowles, for sending this in.
Yahoo answers user Jason, who asks,
what's your power meal?
Update, update, I have two.
15 bean soup and vegan chili.
15 beans?
That's 15 different kinds of beans, right?
Not just like 15 beans.
I think it's 15 beans because it's all that your,
you know, all that your village had
and you put it in there with the water
and then everybody kind of makes up an imagination thing
they put in there.
And then at the end, you eat it and you're like,
mm, my favorite, my favorite soup.
But then you're like,
we all know that this tastes like shit, right?
Jeremy put a fucking rock in here
and said it was like a magic rock that tasted good.
But we can all agree that this is fucking gross, right?
Okay.
What's your power meal, though?
What do you eat?
I thought about this because I've reached a point now
where there's very little food that makes me not want to either
one, go to sleep or two, go to sleep on a toilet.
And I don't know that food makes me feel powerful anymore
as much as it makes me feel sad.
So this isn't like your favorite happy comfort meal, right?
Because for me, that's far too much fried chicken
and cheesecake that does not make me feel powerful.
No, not powerful.
Not powerful.
I'm talking about, I'm about to go fucking play paintball
and I need to load up
and I'm gonna get out there and play paintball
and I need to load up.
And so like, what's the meal I eat before then?
So I can feel powerful so I can do all my cool
like knee slide John Woo shit.
And I'm saying I don't know because there's literally nothing.
I mean, if you get me, okay, here's what it is for me.
Salad, but like, staked out.
Like tons of steak.
Maybe you put a bunch of steak on salad.
Oh, not like a salad you've been watching for weeks.
No, to make sure nobody is tampered with it
and make sure it's not falsifying documents.
Yes, no, a steak salad because it's like,
it blasts you with veggies and you love that raw energy,
but then right behind it,
it's got the protein there to kind of scoop you up.
To make you go crazy.
Yeah, that's what makes you go crazy.
The other thing that I definitely would include in there
is hot sauce.
Like if you-
Oh God, no, the power's gone, Justin.
That's all I use.
I don't use salad dressing.
I use hot sauce on my salads.
It turns you into a sports car.
A what?
It turns you into a sports car so you can go fast.
And so there's our legally mandated-
Every 100 episodes.
Turbo Teen.
Travis, if you think we referenced Turbo Teen
every 100 episodes, you are out of your fucking mind.
Fair enough.
Justin, mine is similar,
but mine is more contextual salad
where it has to be like surprise, good decision salad.
Okay, yes.
You know, where it's like,
oh, I'm feeling a little sluggish, right?
I can't plan on having the salad,
but I have to in the moment we're like,
you know what?
I mean, I have a salad.
And that is like, it sneaks up on me
and we go on an adventure together
where I feel like I've made a good choice.
And I feel better.
That happens to be on tour sometimes.
On tour sometimes like around the last show,
Paul will be like, let's get that dinner order in.
I'm like, you know what I'm gonna go with?
And he like turns to me really slowly.
And he's like, Justin, you don't mean a...
And I'm like, yeah, Paul, I do.
A salad.
I mean, everybody on the crew,
like rushes into the green room,
which is against our writer.
And everybody in the crew rushes in the green room
and they just started applauding and screaming,
like flinging things everywhere.
That is a thing that happens all three of us.
It'll be like, it's as if someone just suggested
like a dessert where I'm like, oh, a salad.
Actually, yeah, I changed my salad too.
I can't, but I can't even,
salad's not even great for me anymore
because it shows up in my tummy.
And like my tummy workers, like Bill is like,
Susan, I don't even know what to do with this stuff.
And Susan's like, yeah, I don't know either.
Let's just get it out of here as fast as we possibly can.
Griffin, I feel like science needs to develop for you
some kind of like gray liquid
that gives you all the sustenance that you need
and the energy you need,
but maybe you don't even notice you're eating it at the time.
That might be the only thing your stomach
is able to process now is my worry.
Might be good, because right now my plan is like,
I see a healthy salad and I see some mozzarella sticks
and I'm like, both of these are gonna make me feel bad.
I may as well have a good time in the mouth.
Have you tried Soylent?
They named their company after the thing
where they killed people to turn them into food.
Spoilers.
It's just wild to me.
It's like if Pepperidge Farms changed their name
to Silence of the Lambs.
You can't just, gang?
Every one of our delicious boxes
comes with our hickory-smoked fingers.
Wait.
Hickory-smoked dude?
It's the wildest like tech bro shit ever to me
where it's just like, yeah, we named it after,
is it people or not?
We'll never tell.
We're fine.
No, we're very successful.
For reasons beyond Griffin's comprehension.
Could you tell, actually?
Could you actually tell real quick?
Because like, I don't know if you've seen out there,
but a company that called itself after the food drink,
the maid of people, and then they did do it
on the rankings of the past few years,
I would be like, a seven, maybe a seven, maybe.
You might trend for like an hour.
It's people.
And everyone's like, okay.
Yeah, yeah, I get it.
And it's still, I can just drink it
and I'm good for like the next four or five hours
and I don't-
Yeah, but it's people.
Yeah, but it gives me whatever I need.
But it gives me energy to code.
Yeah, dude, go for it.
It's people.
What is it these days, am I right?
Lots of things, every other thing.
And a banana, an orange.
Who has the time?
The peeling, yuck.
I can't peel, I got a code.
How about another question
or do you wanna Yahoo another one?
Let's, we've only done two questions.
Let's crank one more out here.
I'm a delivery driver for a business in California
that sends marijuana and other THC products
to people's front door, just like pizza.
It's legal here and I absolutely love my job.
Well, yeah, it's a good gig.
Every customer I've ever had has been positive.
They've been polite and happy to see me.
The problem is that sometimes they're too happy to see me
and or they still have the stigma
that our arrangement is something shady
instead of a licensed business.
And they asked me to come inside,
which feels unsafe for me personally,
and unprofessional for a business as legitimate as ours.
How can I let my slightly too friendly customers
down gently so I don't harsh their buzz?
And that's from Weed Man Steve in Sacramento.
Well, Steve, I should clarify what you're doing
is still a federal crime.
So let's not get too uppity.
It's still a federal crime.
Like pirating movies.
Like pirating movies.
What if they asked you to come inside?
You said, oh, that's actually illegal.
What you're doing is this is not going to be a problem
in 20 years.
This is a symptom of-
That doesn't help Steve now.
No, no, no.
I'm just saying that this is a very unique issue
that you are having to solve.
I am saying that there's very little precedent for this
because it is a problem that has only popped up
in the last few years or so.
Where back in the day, you'd call up Todd,
Todd would come over,
slide you some sweet greenie nugs,
and then you'd be expected to play golden eye with Todd
for the next three hours as he enjoys the thing
you just paid for also kind of.
Do you think when they started pizza delivery,
the recipient was like,
are you going to come in and slice it up for me?
Do you want to eat some of it?
Did you bring-
You're probably hungry from walking over here.
Did you bring any arcade games for me to enjoy?
Because usually that's how it works.
I bet early in the day they were like,
listen, we got a whole pizza here.
You should come on in and have some pizza.
Come on in.
I got some new cassettes that we can jam out to
and enjoy my pizza.
Hey, you're not a cop, are you?
This blends so many things for me
of my extreme social anxiety
and just sort of general anxiety about
I guess doing drugs with strangers
is probably a good one to have.
It sounds solid.
What can we do?
What can they do?
It makes me wonder if this person was like,
okay, get in here.
And you said like, no, thank you.
No, thanks.
And they're like, oh, okay.
Well, then let me get this transaction done
as quickly as possible then, I guess.
I can't say I wouldn't be that person though
because my gratitude would be enormous.
I'm extremely thankful
when the pizza delivery person shows up
and gives me the pizza.
And I imagine that if the weed delivery person
had showed up before the pizza delivery person,
I would be exponentially more grateful
towards the pizza one.
I think I would also probably invite them in
and give them some sort of like, I don't know, dowry.
You've done a great service for me.
I've been experiencing this from a different direction.
I've been using DoorDash and DoorDash is like,
how lazy are you?
Cause basically you're calling in like a pickup order,
but then you're having someone else
that you do not know pick it up for you for money.
So it's like delivery,
but you have added the step of like saying,
but I'm not gonna go get it.
So it's not delivery.
It's DiGiorno, which is the name of your driver.
My name is Todd DiGiorno and here's your artist.
When Todd DiGiorno brings it to me,
my posture and attitude and tone of voice
can only be described as deeply apologetic.
Yeah, I fucked up.
I should have done this instead of you, Todd DiGiorno.
I know, listen, I know.
I know this is where we're at and I get that.
Oh man.
We literally have said nothing helpful
about what this person can do.
I think you could just say like,
sorry, I've got a lot of other stops.
And then if you could spread some angel wings
and just fly away
and you've left your Mitsubishi eclipse behind,
but you'll come back and get it later.
But I think it's something that just says like,
you can't, do you wanna come in?
You can't hog me, bud.
I got lots of other,
I got lots of other miracles to perform tonight.
What if when they said, do you wanna come in?
You said, oh, I'm wearing a wire.
I'm wearing a wire, why?
Well, cause then they wouldn't want you to come in.
Oh, so you're assuming they're already kind of high.
So you could say like, I can't, I heard some cops.
And then you just kind of leave.
I can't go in, I'm a cop.
Yeah, as long as you're playing into those stereotypes,
you can just reach into your pocket
and take out a fist full of combos
that you kind of throw behind them.
And then you can run away as they fiendishly
chomp down on these floor combos.
These weed rats, these druggie waste-oids.
I think that's helpful.
Yeah, that probably helps.
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast.
We got a couple of other things to talk to you about.
First one is our new merch store.
If you're listening to this on Monday,
it could be launching today, maybe tomorrow,
definitely this week.
It'll be at McElroyMerch.com when it is live and working.
We'll tweet about it and Facebook about it
and all that other good stuff.
There's gonna be a ton of new fun items on there.
A lot to discover and explore.
There's a ton of new items on there
as well as items we have offered before.
And so I'm super excited for everybody to see these.
There's some really cool stuff on here.
We're actually partnering on this with DFTBA.
Don't forget to be awesome.
This is John Hank Green's business interests.
They've got a lot of other great creators
on there like Hannah Hart and Extra Credits.
The sequel.
The sequel to Extra Credits.
So we're very excited about that.
And it's McElroyMerch.com.
When it goes live, we will tell you, I promise.
I wanna remind everybody, we got a bunch of live shows.
Tickets are going on sale.
Just real quick, Dallas, Houston, St. Louis,
Detroit, Columbus, San Francisco, Phoenix,
Orlando, Atlanta.
Doing my bim bam, doing a few adventure zones in there.
You can find out all the details
at McElroyShows.com slash tours.
Going on sale this Friday at 10 a.m. local time.
Local to where the shows are.
But tickets are gonna go on presale
and that's gonna be on Wednesday at 10 a.m. local time.
And like we can't stress this enough
and we have to warn you here in the episode
because we have to give everybody a fair shot.
They usually sell out pretty quickly.
That's not us being dicks.
It's us trying to help y'all come see the show
if you wanna come see it.
So McElroyShows.com slash tours this Wednesday,
10 a.m. local time.
You gotta use the code MYBROTHER if you want the-
All one word.
All one word if you want the early ticket sales.
And then whatever is left will be on sale Friday
at 10 a.m. local time.
We are engaging in a special project this week
that we can't give too many details on.
But we need questions.
It's the weirdest thing we've ever done.
Yes, hands down.
So we need from you questions, topics directly relating
to like vacation, getting away, relaxing on a beach.
Boat drinks.
That kind of thing.
Boat drinks, sailing.
And you may think you know what it is from this.
Trust me, you don't.
It's weird.
It's weird.
And the good news is you're not gonna have to wait too long
to listen to it if all goes according to plan.
So just send those questions and put in the subject line.
It's about vacations.
So we know we can find it.
Schmaners is going to be-
Schmaners is the etiquette show I do with my wife, Teresa.
We're going to be at Moon Tower Comedy Festival on-
My wife.
My wife, April 18th in Austin, Texas.
You can find out about tickets at bit.ly
slash Moon Tower Schmaners, S-H-M-A-N-N-E-R-S.
Also, just because we haven't mentioned it in a while,
we're doing a graphic novel of the first arc
of the Adventure Zone balance.
You can find out about that at theadventurezonecomic.com.
Let's wrap it up.
Thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a very good album.
Thank you to Max Fun for having us on the network.
You can go to maximumfun.org
and check out a bunch of great shows there.
Shows like Beef and Dairy Network and Tights and Fights
and One Bad Mother and a whole bunch of others
all at maximumfun.org.
Or you can see other stuff that we do,
including video stuff at mackleroyshows.com.
While you're there, look at our live show slate
and come see us.
How about a final, Yahoo?
Yes.
This one was sent by Merit Palmer.
Thank you, Merit.
Great submissions this week.
It's by Yahoo Answers user anonymous.
I'm going to call him Horatio asks,
can you get two drinks at once at Red Lobster?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother.
May you kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hey, my name is Jonah Ray.
You might have seen me on the latest season
of Mystery Science Theater 3000
or heard me on the Nerdist podcast.
Well, I got a new podcast that's about five years old,
but we're moving it over to Max Fun,
along with my friend Cash Hartzell.
Hey, everybody.
And my other friend, Neil.
Hi.
Neil, man.
So it's a music podcast where a lot of people
just kind of hang out and talk about music,
but so much more.
We also take submissions.
And we're going to be doing a little bit of music
and so you can hear your band or our music.
Or both.
Or both of it.
You could do, you could listen to your band,
play your music.
Yeah.
So tune in, why don't you?
You could find out about some new bands
and maybe just hear us embarrass ourselves
as we drink too much.
Not too much.
Well, it's all perspective, isn't it?
Sure is.
