The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say hey I wanna, just say hey I wanna.
Hello everybody and welcome my brother, my brother meaning my show for the modern era,
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother and some wind blowing through a haunted cave Griffin McElroy.
Whoa, whoa, very spooky. It's just what my voice sounds like, it's just the wind blowing through
a bone filled cave. Hey folks, America's favorite super spy is back at it again. That's right,
Johnny English is striking yet again. God, god, god. He is back and he is crushing it. We got a
Johnny English strikes again watch and now folks this one, this one is coming to theaters,
believe it or not is what it says here on the posters. It says yes, coming to real movie theaters
in America, I shit you not, Johnny English strikes again. Now Justin, you did say America's favorite
super spy, but is he not British? Our favorite, okay well our other one's James Bond and he's
British too. I thought our favorite was Jason Bourne. What about Ethan Hunt of the Mission
Impossible? Too self-serious, I want a super spy who can drop his trousers in the middle of a
funeral or something and go like oh no. Now is Johnny English still, because he's a bit of a
bumbly goofus, is he still effective as a spy? It's been a while since I've seen the franchise.
You remember when the neurotoxin got deployed all over Earth and everyone, that was Johnny.
He really dropped the poison ball on that one. Folks, the critics are loving this flick.
Nell Minow with RogerEbert.com says the film runs out of ideas so quickly that Atkinson literally
resorts to dropping his pants to get a laugh from his saggy bare bottom. Okay, cool, cool,
cool. We've done it. I've written Johnny English 3, fantastic. Cory Coleman from Double Toasted says
man, I've seen the whole Johnny English trilogy and I literally don't remember a goddamn thing
about it. All right, so we're getting there. Thank you Cory Coleman for that. Todd Jorgensen
from Cinemalog says Rowan Atkinson reprises his third or fourth best character in this
uninspired sequel. Justin, just so you know with that third review, you made me sad. It was all
oh Johnny English jokes left and right, but then you reminded me that he has some characters that
I've really loved over time, but those characters are dead and Johnny English still doing great.
Johnny English killed them. Striking again. So Rowan's back. The critics are raving just
in one direction. They're raving in a certain chorus, not a positive rave. People can rave
angrily. Yeah. Maybe they disliked the movie so much they needed to go take some molly and dance
with clothes kids. Sure, yes. Is it too late to do Goosebumps 2 Watch? Can we just say we bought a
ticket for Johnny English and then halfway through set up- Snuck into Goosebumps 2. Goosebumps 2.
Do y'all get the feeling like maybe Jack Black isn't in this one a lot? I feel like maybe he's
in it for a few minutes. That is my guess. I have no reason to think that. Wait, is this the one with
the gears in the walls or clocks in the walls or is that a different Jack Black movie? The clock
with the gears and the cars and the walls. There's so much shit in my walls. I need Jack Black to get
in here and get all this stuff out of my fucking walls. That's an unofficial sequel to Goosebumps
1 that is also in movie theaters. The official sequel to Goosebumps 1, Goosebumps 2, Haunted
Halloween is here and it's just- A bit redundant. It's a bit redundant. I still can't get over the
fact that we've got a movie where Jack Black plays R.L. Stine. Do you think R.L. Stine was brought
on set to be like, that ain't me. That ain't me. That's not how I do it. So make sure you get out
to the local cinema. There's a lot of Halloween movies, including the seventh movie called
Halloween about Michael Myers. He's back. Mike Myers is back? Mike Myers is back as Michael
Myers in Halloween, baby. It's about time. Yeah. It's been right there. I can't believe they didn't
grab it. Do you think he'd go Austin Powers with it? Because I was thinking Love Guru for sure.
Oh. What if in the new Halloween movie, Michael Myers wore a Mike Myers mask and it's just an
Austin Powers mask turned upside down and spray painted white. I bet that would be-
Wait, turned upside down? Not inside out, but just upside down? Oh, that's cool. Oh shit. That
looks like the Love Guru, but on the ceiling. Oh no. Run. Oh no, he's crawling across it like a
creature from the Grudge. I hate it. I hate this spooky business. But it's so funny, but it makes
me laugh so hard. God, it's funny. I do miss him. But also it's so good. Mr. Bean was good.
I'm bad at keeping secrets. Mr. Bean was good. Mr. Bean was good. My flexible friend. I like Mr.
Bean. He's all right. I'm bad at keeping secrets. It's not that I feel the urge to tell people them,
or at least not the main reason. More than anything, I forget what I've been told was a
secret and I let it slip without noticing in conversation. To avoid this, when my friends
tell me something is a secret as a disclaimer, I warn them not to tell me. My closest friends
know this, so don't tell me secrets until a point in time when it wouldn't be terrible if I let it
slip. The problem is that other friends slash acquaintances get really annoyed with me when I
won't listen to their secrets. How do I make them understand it's for their own good? And that's from
Loose Lips in London. I love this idea of someone coming up to me and saying, Travis, I have to tell
you a secret. And I'm like, no, please don't. And they're like, how dare you? I was going to trust
you with my secret. Well, it's because everybody wants to. There's two types of people in the
world. And I feel like these two types of people can't understand the other set of people. And it
is people who want to blab. And then there's people like me. I don't understand how people
do share secrets because for me, there is nothing more delightful. There's nothing more delicious
or de-lovely than being told a secret and knowing that I possess information that not everybody
else has. Mm, that's scrumptious to me. I would do anything to protect that little advantage.
In this world, any kind of advantage you can get, any kind of leg up is valuable.
And here's the thing. Here, this is the catch-22 of it all because no one tells a secret unless
they want it to be known. Now, maybe just by one other person, but like, you just like, hey,
guess what? It ain't a secret anymore. You told somebody. At that point, it stops being a secret.
We need a spectrum, a secret spectrum where if you haven't told anybody that you ran over a guy,
that's a secret. If you tell like four people, then it's become mythos. And then if those four
people, once it gets up to, I think then it's like exponential. Once you get up to like 16,
then it's sort of a rumor. And then once we get up to 64, it's like that's it.
Scuttlebutt. It's scuttlebutt at that point. It's conspiracy. I mean, at that point,
it's conspiracy. Yes.
By telling people you are not blabbing a secret, you're a heroic leaker. You're the mole. You can
tell people that. I'm the mole. I was working both sides the entire time.
I'm ABC's the mole.
I'm hosted by a modern shot. I'm ABC's the mole.
Damn, I miss the mole. Fucking damn, I miss the mole.
Damn, I miss the mole. Celebrity mole, get the fuck out of here.
The people who want to tell you these secrets, even after you said like,
this is not a good idea, they want you to tell them. They don't want to be the one who releases
this hot goss about like a shared friend, but they want that hot goss out there because-
They want it public.
And so they're trying to use you like when you like leak a story to the press.
You're the press. They're trying to leak it to you.
This is kind of like, you know how you can't see,
like the only way you could see someone having their eyes open during prayer is if your eyes
are also open. If this-
Like with the surveillance tapes.
Or with surveillance tapes with SEP and S-CAM. But this is kind of like that because the only
way that someone tells you a secret is because they themselves have broken the confidence of
this secret. Right?
Mm-hmm. Yes. Yes.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
I'd love that.
Cool. I got some good ones here. This one was sent in by Ashley Keen. Thank you,
Ashley. It's Yahoo Answers user Alexxxx with two X's who asks,
how to drop a community acting class.
I'm currently taking an acting for film class. We're on about week six of a 10-week course,
one day a week. And honestly, I'm just kind of done.
I had taken a similar class before and loved it, but the last few weeks I've felt the class
is more of a chore and I'm not enjoying it anymore. I don't care about a refund or anything,
but I don't know how to tell the professor I want to drop it, especially because there's
only two of us in class. So in turn, I'm kind of screwing the other student over. I just
really don't want to go. I work a full-time job and no longer want to invest time in something
I'm not interested in. Any suggestions?
Huh, only one other person in the class. I can't imagine why it's begun to feel like
a chore. Yeah, it's miserable because it's like, okay, this time I'm big daddy and okay,
now you be big daddy. And now you be little daddy.
You be little daddy. Man, this Bioshock musical is coming along.
I'm so glad we based it on Cat in a Hot Tin Room.
Griffin, do you have an answer? Because I have the solution, but I don't want to end
the question before you get a chance to goof, so I'm giving you a goof window.
Well, Sir Caustic, and I'll just share user Sir Caustic's answer, who says,
well, the best way to drop a community acting class is to simply take it up to the roof of
the building and just give it a quick shove. Well, okay.
Well, here's the actual answer. Wait, I don't want to do one.
Oh, okay. Okay.
Here's what you do. After class is over, email the teacher and just be like,
you don't show up, right? But the moment class is over,
email the teacher and say, hey, guess what? The entire time I was that chair in the corner.
Thank you. I have believed that I have at this point,
I have fooled you. I fooled my partner.
I think at this point I've exceeded what you could teach me about acting.
I can blend perfectly into any environment. And that's what acting is, really,
the ability to camouflage yourself as stationary objects.
So when we did the kissing scene from that one play, I was kissing a chair the whole time?
Griffin, I don't think you understand the fiction.
I thought you were saying that- Tell me what you think I said.
I thought you were saying that the whole time I was a chair that was acting so well,
you only thought I was a guy doing the kissing scene from Hamlet.
Forget my answer. We're going to focus on this for a while.
You wretched dunce. You kissed in dunce.
Like you pretend like you were a chair. Like there was a chair in the class.
The class that you missed. The class that you missed,
you didn't show up. You're like a psych.
I was the chair the entire time because you had like camouflaged yourself.
Let's always have the dream, this new weird Pixar movie you've pitched,
of the chair who dreams of the Hollywood lights.
Well, it's a chair that wants to get a kiss, isn't it?
This is a chair that's going to get a kiss any which way it can.
This has been Everything is Alive.
It's about a chair that wants to get a kiss in this episode.
Just a chair who wants a smooch, so that pretends to be human.
Do you think y'all ever think about Cherry's sort of existence from the Pee Wee Playhouse?
All the time.
Just getting a lot of farts, a lot of keister.
Just a lot of keister action, pretty much nonstop.
And it's not like sitting, it is sitting on the face.
It's all face. I'm just worried about him.
There have got to be times when Pee Wee is like,
I actually just want to sit in a fucking chair and just zone out and play Call of Duty for four hours
and not try to maintain a conversation with you the entire time.
That's what I'm searching for.
I want a dead chair that I sit in next to Jerry.
Do you think he just has like a plain like ladder back?
Just like maybe he picked it up Ikea and he's just like sitting in it and Cherry's like,
why don't you sit in me? And he's like, no, no, that's not what we're doing right now.
Think of the fucking Saw movie you guys have just pitched though,
of Cherry having to look at what it assumes is a corpse position right in front of it 24 hours a day.
Maybe Pee Wee really dreams of having just a place he can go to
where not every fucking thing in the house is alive.
Like he could get one second to himself.
How's he supposed to-
Is he cursed?
How's he supposed to watch pornography when you have to go to a theater?
That explains it.
Okay, well, there you go.
This whole time that explains it.
He does have magic screen for that.
And I imagine magic screen's pornography capabilities are-
Pee Wee, do you want to go explore it?
Porn.
We could watch anywhere you can.
Porn.
Magic screen with these sunglasses.
Our safe word is potato.
Magic screen porn on.
You have to talk to me like a person.
That's how it works in this house.
Magic screen, go porn.
Execute porn now.
Go.
Exe.porn.
Go.
Magic screen, put on this lipstick.
Introducing the king of cartoon-
Not now.
It's porn time.
Dory, lock the door.
Dory, lock self.
Introducing the king of hentai.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
I'm sorry.
Listen, I would like to take this opportunity to apologize to my friends and my loved ones.
I'm going to be retiring from jokes for a while to spend some more time with my family.
Probably for the best.
What was this question about?
Exactly.
I just started an unpaid internship at an aquarium,
and one of my main jobs is taking care of the marmosets and tamarins.
Quick, Griffin, what's a marmoset?
Go.
Don't think about it.
Go.
It's like a kind of a monkey.
Travis, what's a tamarin?
Go.
It's a kind of a lemur.
Those shouldn't be in aquariums.
Those should be in zoos.
I got it right.
I got mine right.
I got mine right.
Thanks, crap brothers.
Travis's is a squirrel-sized monkey.
It's an extremely small monkey.
It's amazing.
It's an extremely small monkey.
Kind of looks like a lemur, though, if you think about it.
Okay.
I end up spending a lot of time in the enclosures feeding them, playing with them,
and cleaning and talking to them, and sharing dreams and hopes and wishes,
and building a relationship with them.
I added something.
Learning how to integrate into their society.
I teach them how to act like people.
Biting them.
Oh.
These tiny monkeys are extremely cute and therefore very popular,
but the guests are there to see them, not a dirty 20-year-old in rubber boots.
Sometimes when younger kids see me, they scream or they think I am trapped.
What am I supposed to do when I'm being ogled from behind glass by families and school groups?
Should I smile or is that creepy?
Do I do tricks?
Am I just another primate for the entertainment of the tourists?
That's monkey man in the Tine Valley.
Okay.
Charles, I really like where you took that read, by the way.
Thanks.
Yeah, it's a, I mean, it's a thinker, this one.
Yeah.
This one's a thinker.
I have to imagine the only sort of reason people are confused when they see a human
inside the monkey cage is a sort of adjacent confusion to seeing monkeys in an aquarium.
Do you know what I mean?
Do you know what I mean? So they aren't used to seeing monkeys and then they see what appears
to be a huge sort of man monkey and that's upsetting because they thought it was just
going to be, you know, more fish.
Right.
Could you put on a Marmoset costume?
Fun.
To do the cleaning and then, I'm not saying you would trick the audience, but the audience
would be like, oh, I get it.
And that you don't really have to do anything else at that point.
That's very Ace Ventura lateral thinking, Travis.
I'm not really here for it.
You're right.
Here's what you shouldn't do.
Tricks.
Unless you're talking about sleight of hand, and actually, now that I say that, I'm kind
of into that.
If they're just like looking at monkeys and then you're like holding up cards, once again,
in silence because you're on the other side of glass, and like you hold up a card and
then you shuffle and you pull that card out again, that'd be pretty fun.
This is good.
Travis has just accidentally stumbled in his own just real goofball way into something
very profitable and good.
You go to zoos and half the time, the freaking animals aren't even out because they're being
lazy or exceptionally sad somewhere.
And that's a bummer because I wanted to see the very rare tiger.
Yes.
So what do I do?
Well, I just look over a little bit, still inside the tiger pit, but there's a busker
down there performing a song or doing some tricks or some sort of new dance that I've
never seen.
Or perhaps a living statue.
A living statue that is doing the flossing dance that everyone loves so much.
And then it's like, well, the very rare tiger didn't show up, but that living statue is
doing flossing so nice.
Maybe it's a large screen that's showing trailers from the latest Hollywood releases.
Wouldn't that be fun?
I love it.
And then, oh, there could be like a bit where like the tiger pushes his head through like
the MGM thing in the movie.
You remember?
And by this point, listen, and now the rare tiger comes out and everyone's like, hey,
go away, rare tiger.
I'm watching this busker and this Goosebumps 2 trailer.
And the tiger is like, well, guess I better hit the road.
And he packs up his bendel stick and he shovels on down to a different zoo.
This is good.
Yeah.
It would be hard to resist the temptation to just not start screaming.
To just like, help me.
I'm trapped in here with all these tiny monkeys.
For sure.
Could you train the monkeys to like swarm you when you make a certain noise?
And that way, like, people see you and they're like, what's that person doing?
And like, you make the noise and then all the monkeys hop on you and you act like you're,
you know, playing under the apes thing in there.
Yeah, you could also, when the kids look scared, you say, oh, don't worry.
I'm not trapped in here with these monkeys.
They're trapped in here with me.
And then you just start kicking ass.
You fight the small monkeys with all of your power.
Well, 20 small monkeys equals one adult person.
Not me.
I got this.
How many small monkeys could you fight, Griffin, at one time?
Shit, dude.
Marmosets, not tamarins.
Yeah, because it's different answers for both.
It depends on if they have tools, rudimentary tools, vines, sticks.
Some of them do.
Nuts, okay.
Do I have tools?
Yes.
What do I have?
Vines and sticks.
One of them's got thumbs.
Well, I think pretty much all of them do have the thumbs, right?
No, opposable thumbs are what separate us from the other primates.
That's what makes us special.
But this has been a while.
They probably figured it out.
I'm saying aquarium monkeys-
Yeah, they've been at the zoo.
They've been around people.
They've seen people use thumbs.
Right, and I'm saying aquarium monkeys see a lot of thumb,
so they probably put two and two together.
And they said, our babies should have thumbs.
And then they did.
I'd say in an enclosure, right?
No, like a bunch of trees going around where they could like scatter
and then organize and Ewok me.
I would say as many as you could fit in the enclosure.
I could probably-
Oh, really?
Now, are you talking wall to wall?
If we went wall to wall, ceiling floor marmosets.
Yeah, man, I make monkey wine.
There's a, I didn't mention,
that there's a huge spike pit in the middle
and all the monkeys are extremely good at the,
this is Sparta kick.
They can all do it very good.
But they have to work together to time it properly
or else they can't do it.
I mean, here's the thing.
You get me one push broom,
I'll make sure it work with those monkeys using the same pit.
The very same pit.
They all have tiny push brooms too.
Yeah.
Oh, so now it's like field hockey,
but we're all the puck or ball.
You also know all of their names.
Oh, that's true.
Yeah, that's a good one.
They, you know, all of their names
and your arms are both on fire.
Yeah.
All right.
But on purpose, like they didn't set them on fire.
Oh, it's a weapon fire.
You weaponized your arms.
But here's the thing too,
the marmosets are on fire too.
Yeah, which two?
The biggest two.
The angriest ones.
All right.
The biggest, angriest ones.
Yeah.
Steve and Deborah.
Damn it.
I said I wasn't gonna do Steve anymore.
I'm sorry, Steve.
Short-lived promise.
A truce with Debra's and Steve's has come to an end so quickly.
You know, can you...
Can you get a marmoset costume?
Okay, now Justin.
Yes, I don't know.
Let him know you get a marmoset costume.
You do your grim work,
cleaning up all the ones that died overnight.
When you go in there.
Scoop them out of the tank.
Skip out on the floating marmosets.
You dress as a giant marmoset.
And then when families come,
you stare at them and say,
I am Cropdoor.
I am the one who has grown
and I am the one that will lead my people
in rebellion against you.
This imprisonment will be short-lived.
We have marked the faces of all who come to ogle us
and they will be the first that we rip from their skulls
and wear as adornments
as we continue our conquest of your pitiful species.
Your thumbs will not save you.
I am Cropdoor
and enjoy these last precious moments of human dominance.
Justin, can I tell you what's really fucking me up right now?
What's that?
I can't for the life of me tell
if you remember that but 10 minutes ago,
I said marmoset costume.
Yeah, but listen.
He's had enough stuff, Travis.
No, no, totally.
Yes, definitely, definitely.
He had more joke.
Okay.
I had more joke.
I'm assuming Griffin will cut yours out
because it couldn't make the cut.
Yeah, we cut all of them.
Yeah, we do that a lot, Travis.
Maybe put a cardboard stand up of you
in every enclosure in the aquarium.
So then people just come to us.
Yeah, they just come to expect it.
And then when they see you move,
they'll lose their goddamn shit.
Or they come to one where you're on break
and so you're not in it
and they'll think that they did eat you.
Oh no.
What if you had a food truck?
All right.
So then if people saw you in there,
they'd be bummed because you're not a marmoset
but also they'd be like,
hell yeah, because I wanted to get a chimichanga
and I know that you sell them from your truck.
If there's one thing I know about irascible little monkeys,
it's that they hate storming anything
that has human food in it and tearing it out
of our fleshy thumbed hands.
They love waiting in line and paying money for things.
There was, Rachel and I, when we were in Japan,
we went to this monkey park that was on a mountain,
which is basically, they just have a lot of monkeys
and they feed them and you can look at them.
And it's quite a hike up that mountain
to get to the monkey park.
And the whole time you're going up there,
there are signs, so many signs.
And each one warns you about one thing you can do
when you reach the peak of this mountain
to fuck up just irreconcilably
with vis-a-vis these monkeys.
Do not look at them in the eyeballs.
It said, you're gonna want to.
Don't look at them in the eyeballs.
No flash photography.
Don't have food, don't have eaten food
and have food stink on you still.
Don't say the word Doritos out loud.
A kid said Doritos out loud
and six monkeys drew and quartered them last night.
Monkeys are ferocious when it comes to our food.
They love this stuff.
There's nothing they won't do.
But they work there.
That's a food truck I came up with.
Oh, I see.
In my thing, it's their job.
They're not going to get high on their own supply.
I will say the best thing about that monkey park,
you get to the top of the mountain
after hiking for an hour.
I don't really want to see these fucking murder balls anymore.
I'm going to head right back down.
This was good cardio, but bad tourism.
Let's take a quick break, a quick sojourn,
and then we'll get right back to the jokes and stuff
after this brief, brief trip to my city.
You can get anything on demand these days.
You're at a zoo, you want a chimichanga,
you just go to the marmoset cage
and it's right there.
You just go to the marmoset cage and it's right there,
ready for you.
But you can't do that with postage.
But you can.
Whoa, what a turnaround.
I've just launched, in the middle of that sentence,
I launched stamps.com where you can access
all the services of the post office
without having to get out of your chair
right from your desk 24-7.
Whenever it's convenient for you,
you are the post office now.
Now you're the post office.
You can buy and print official US postage
for any letter, any package,
using your own computer and printer,
and the mail carrier picks it up.
And he's not gonna be all weird
because you've become a post office
in the middle of the night.
He's gonna play it really cool.
Yeah, let's say he gets it.
It's 2018, people's homes are post offices.
It's fine.
I have used stamps.com.
I can't tell you how nice it is.
I'll tell you what it's great for.
If you're mail anything,
a lot of times I have to mail something
that's not just like a regular letter
and whoever knows,
I just start slapping stamps onto it.
I have no idea.
But with stamps.com, you can weigh it out
because they have like scales and stuff.
You can weigh it out, get exactly what you need.
In fact, if you don't have a postage scale already,
good news, right now you can use the code
MYBROTHER for a special offer,
which includes $55 of free postage,
a digital scale and a four week trial.
If you go to stamps.com and click on the radio microphone
at the top of the homepage and type in MYBROTHER
and get that scale, four week trial,
a bunch of free postage,
just go to stamps.com, click on the microphone
and then enter all in one word, MYBROTHER.
You can use that scale for other stuff too.
It doesn't just have to be mail.
Okay. It should just be mail.
Yeah, you don't want to mess with that.
But you can use it for other stuff if you know it's high.
So I'm going to tell you about-
I weighed my wiener with it.
Okay.
This isn't the first time you talk about
weighing your genitals with the stamps.com digital scale.
I don't think that's true, Travis.
I think I'd remember talking about
weighing my wiener with our sponsor's good scale.
I was positive.
Maybe it was on wonderful.
Nah, I'm pretty sure I'd remember saying something
as bold and brash and funny as that, Travis.
Okay.
I don't have any trophies for best joke on my wall,
so it must not be true.
Stitch Fix is an online personal styling service
that finds you, delivers clothes, shoes, and accessories
to fit your body, budget, and lifestyle.
I'll tell you what,
I've been with Stitch Fix for many months now
and not only did I like the stuff
that I was getting in the beginning,
but literally like every box that comes now is pinpoint.
It's what I would have picked out
if I had known what I was looking for.
It perfectly matches my style,
exactly what I'm looking for.
And also they're really good at like seasonal things.
So like getting stuff that's great to wear
in the spring, in the spring,
and in the summer, in the summer.
It's amazing.
My wardrobe is like 150% better than when I started.
And you can sign up too
if you go to stitchfix.com slash my brother,
tell them your sizes, your styles, and your budget,
and your stylist, your personal stylist
will handpick items to send to your door.
And here's the best thing,
you don't have to keep stuff you don't like.
You only keep what you love, you return the rest,
you only pay for what you keep.
Shipping, exchanges, and returns are always free
and there's a $20 styling fee.
It's applied towards anything you keep from your shipment.
It's a great deal and a good way
to upgrade your closet and your personal style.
So get started now at stitchfix.com slash my brother
and you'll get an extra 25% off
when you keep all the items in your box.
That's stitchfix.com slash my brother
to get started today.
Stitchfix.com slash my brother.
Hey, can I read it to Jumbotron?
Yes.
Yeah.
Can I read it out loud?
Yeah.
Okay, here it goes.
This is a message for, with, and it's from Huz,
who says, well, and then in parentheses it says,
you probably think there's a reference
to that adorable in-joke that we share over text,
but I am in fact referring to the general size
and shape of the grotesque hair abominations
we call our cats.
I love you, and to a lesser extent, them.
Sound like some big old cats.
I don't know what to say about just big old fricking cats.
Some mountain cats, sturdy cats you could stop a door with.
You mean like set the cat in front of the door
to keep it open, not like I was gonna close the door
but the cat stopped it.
These are my cats, doorstop and paperweight.
I can't tell the cat what to do.
You can't tell a cat what to do.
How to stop the door.
Here's another one for Jessica Nash from Ian McLaren
who says, dear BB, if all went well this year,
we should be married by now.
Although even if we aren't yet, I still want you to know
I love you as much as ever and look forward to the day
I can officially call you my wife.
I know you aren't as big a fan of my bim bam as me.
Cool, cool, cool, cool.
So now you know why I made you listen to this episode.
Love, your husband, Ian.
Now Ian, you did have to make Jessica sit through,
I would say at least 30 minutes of our episode
to get to this point.
So sorry about the number of times
you probably had to like stop it and do other stuff
and then convince Jessica to come back
to our weird, weird show.
I don't apologize for anything.
I think it's been a pretty good one, Travis.
Really, cause you said the thing about weighing your wiener
on a scale Griffin.
That was gold, that was gold.
Well, it was old.
Old gold.
This is our greatest hits episode
that you've been listening to
where we use some jokes that we've done already again.
Why haven't we got 430 some episodes?
There's no way that everyone's listened to every one.
We could totally reuse jokes.
I'm Googling Griffin McElroy penis weight.
Well, you're just gonna find that product that you sold
to keep your penis on the desk
when a heavy wind blew through the office.
Damn, the term McElroy and penis turns up a lot
of my brother and my brother and me stuff, dude.
Hi, I'm Biz.
And I'm Teresa.
And we host When Bad Mother,
a comedy podcast about parenting.
Whether you are a parent or just know kids exist in the world,
join us each week as we honestly share
what it's like to be a parent.
I'm just gonna end with this.
Everybody, you're doing a remarkable job
of swimming through the shit show that is parenting.
So join us each week as we judge less, laugh more,
and remind you that you are doing a great job.
Find us on maximumfun.org, on Apple Podcasts,
or wherever you get your podcasts.
Hey, can I do a yahoo?
You can try.
Fuck.
This one was sent in by a lot of people.
All right.
Go ahead.
Sorry, I was gonna clear my throat.
No, you don't get to interrupt me twice.
Oh, a twist.
I want a munch.
Squat.
Squat.
I want two munch.
Squat.
This one is exciting for me because I do have a press release to share.
But this is also one that I have now done.
I did it.
This one I did.
If I did, you've been consumed it with your human mouth.
Consumed.
You consumed it.
You started out.
Consumed it with my human body.
Burger King has launched the Nightmare King.
Now, I know that you remember one time when Burger King did a black bun
and everyone had black shits who ate it, if you all remember that.
I don't remember the black shits part.
That was a real pre-munch squad sort of phenomenon.
Phenomenon.
What's your favorite John Travolta movie?
I would just share an image with y'all.
Michael.
So you can see.
Battlefielders.
So you can see the Nightmare King.
It is a green bun on this one.
And that's just not a food color, folks.
I just can't tell what the meat is.
We're going to talk about that.
It's a spooky sandwich with a quarter pound of savory flame grilled beef,
a 100% white meat crispy chicken filet,
melted American cheese, thick cut bacon, creamy mayonnaise, and onions.
And so at chicken babies, real chicken, pig, and chicken cows all in this one.
I don't.
I did a little bit of Babadook.
I just wish bun was an aminal.
I wish bun was an animal.
It might be, Justin.
I'm looking at it here.
It's spooky.
Spooky sandwich and I ate it.
Not the bun, just the protein.
And it was good.
I was on the road.
Yeah.
And I asked him because it looked like there were pickles on it in the picture.
And I asked the man behind the counter, what's on the Nightmare King?
And he looked at the picture of it that I was looking at that was on the display board.
And he's like, it looks like chicken and a hamburger are both on it.
And I was like, yeah, it's a new item, huh?
All right, nevermind.
I'll just take one, please.
And don't make eye contact with me.
So here's the press release.
Okay, I would like to point something out.
Before you get to that, though, Justin, if you remove the bun from the sandwich,
you just have the fixings of like three other burger type sandwich things you might order.
Like.
It's pure protein.
Okay.
Can a burger give you nightmares?
That's what the Burger King brand set out to prove with an unusual research study
on its latest Halloween burger, the Nightmare King.
Oh my God.
So.
Why frame it that way?
Absolute lunatics.
In partnership with the Paramount, I'll tell you why.
In partnership with the Paramount Trials and Florida Sleep and Neurodiagnostic Services
Incorporated and Gold Force Incorporated, the Burger King brand.
You could just say Burger King.
Oh, well.
The Burger King brand conducted a scientific study over 10 nights with 100 participants.
Or should we say victims?
No.
Who ate the Nightmare King before they went to bed.
Victims would have been appropriate.
Yes, you had it right.
By tracking various signals from the sleeping subjects,
including their heart rate, brain activity and breath,
a group of doctors and scientists identified whether the individuals had vivid dreams.
Are you fucking with me?
What are they doing?
Are you fucking with me, Burger King?
Probably the best Munch Squad quote we've ever had comes to us from one of the study subjects.
When asked about her dream, she said someone transformed into the figure of a snake.
So eat our sandwich.
Oh my god, are you kidding me?
Another recalled quote aliens attacking in quote the boat he was on.
Okay, all right.
According to previous studies.
Well, I was having me a boat dream like I usually do, but then-
An usual boat dream doesn't go like that.
I was having just my usual boat dream at sea with my dad,
but then the burger did make aliens appear attack us both.
According to previous studies,
4% of the population experiences nightmares in any given night,
says Dr. Jose Gabriel Medina in what is certainly the high point of his career.
He's a specialized somnologist and the study's lead doctor.
But after eating the Nightmare King,
the data obtained from the study indicated that the instances of nightmares increased 3.5 times.
Wow.
Dr. Medina points out the unusual combination of proteins and cheese in the Nightmare King
led to quote an interruption of the subject's REM cycles
during which we experienced the majority of our dreams.
Holy fucking shit.
The doctor went on to tell us that this is what he used his MacArthur genius grant money to do.
Oh my God.
Some Burger King sandwiches are the burgers of their dreams.
The Nightmare King is the burger of their nightmares.
If you're brave enough or just enjoy a good scare-
And there it is.
Visit your nearest participating Burger King restaurant
and try the haunting new sandwich.
Happy Halloween, it says.
It says happy Halloween and I am spooked.
You fucking mo- so come- our new sandwich at Burger King is so fucking stupid
that it hurts your body in a specific way that makes you sleep bad and have nightmares.
Anyway, that'll be $6.39.
Please.
Have we jumped the shark of like the food challenge meal of like so spicy?
Who will brave this spicy burger?
To now just like, this will literally fuck you up.
And not in a physical way, but in a psychological way.
In doing this, you might as well just be hanging out with fucking Freddy Krueger.
Enjoy!
Yeah, this burger is going to get you fucked up fam, unless you're way too chicken shit.
This doctor had to say the way they put a hamburger and cheese and chicken on it
makes you have nightmares.
Anyway, I'm a scientist of this.
This fucking ridiculous sandwich hurts your brain in a way that gives you nightmares.
It is brain damage in a way, if you think about it.
Yeah, it hurts you, specifically your brain.
Arguably one of the top two most important organs in your body.
Definitely one of my favorites, for sure.
And was there a part of the study where the doctor was like,
and so in conclusion, I can't let you sell this burger to people.
This must be taken off the market now.
Thank you for all this money.
I changed my mind.
You can sell the burger now.
Thank you.
I gotta say, there's also a picture that Justin sent us of the burger and it looks-
Is it even a burger?
It looks so bad, but also there's some sort of Wraith or perhaps a Wendigo
reaching out with its clawed hand trying to grab this bad boy.
And I have to imagine seconds after the picture was taken and the Wraith or Wendigo did eat it
or took a bite of it and would immediately put it back down and say like, I don't-
I don't- No, thanks, y'all.
I got work tomorrow.
I can't have turbulent sleep.
I also love that they didn't necessarily tie this in with Halloween.
But I can't see them releasing this burger on like April or May.
I think it's pretty specifically tied to Halloween, Trav.
But it doesn't say like, happy Halloween, here's a fucked up dream burger.
Hey, bud, the last line of it is happy Halloween.
That's the last line I read, bud.
Well, I was- I was too distracted by that.
I had already gone out and bought the burger and I'm currently eating it.
This is a challenge to you, the listener, and at home.
Get one of these bad boys.
Buy it and then eat it and then let us know how the dreams go.
Don't give us a bunch of bullshit because I don't want to-
I already don't want to hear about your dreams.
But I will indulge you with a single tweet if you have eaten the Nightmare King
before Pixar didn't happen, obvs.
It just makes me so sad because they don't-
The one thing they don't have in this press release about why you should eat this sandwich
is a single syllable that indicates a positive flavor.
There's not a single syllable spared to indicate that this is a pleasurable chewing and swallowing experience.
Like, not a- not an iota of it, honestly.
They also didn't add any especially spooky ingredients to it.
It's just like, hey, turns out eating a metric like pound-
like a pound and a half of protein right before bed can fuck you up.
I also bet if you drank a jar of spaghetti sauce before bed, you'd be pretty fucked up.
We here at Prego are so excited to announce Nightmare Sauce.
You can see you just upturn this jar into your gay food mall.
Shut the entire thing like the idiot you are and then go to sleep because of course.
What else are you gonna do?
Oh my god.
Let it wreak havoc on your body.
You know what?
The terrible thing about eating a Nightmare King late at night is you're gonna have a bad night
and I'm betting your early morning is not gonna be too great either.
Yeah, you're gonna have yourself some daymares too, I think, friend.
Yeah, I think you're gonna have a little bit of a waking nightmare in this one.
So that is the available-
Fucking shit, that was the best- that was the best press release you have ever brought this segment, Justin.
October 22nd, go get one.
I mean, it tastes like you'd expect a nightmare.
I mean, it's just- no, that's the thing.
It's just a burger with chicken and ba- like, it can't just be a burger with chicken.
Like, they've cloaked the fact that they've sinned against God by saying it'll give you nightmares.
Yeah, but you can't just put chicken on a burger.
Right.
I have a Yahoo here.
Please.
A bunch of people sent this one and thank you, everybody.
It's Yahoo Answer's user, Kendall, who asks,
Should teachers be allowed to swear?
My friend in history made a huge mistake and my 30-year-old teacher said,
It's okay, we all fuck up sometimes.
Oh.
Now, how do you know exactly how old your teacher is?
This was not- this was not information I ever attempted to ascertain from my teachers.
I'm actually really disappointed, Griffin, because before you got to the end of that sentence,
I thought you were gonna say,
My friend messed up really bad in history and the teacher's like,
Well, you fucked that up.
Oh, in a sort of mean way.
Yeah, like, nah, that's not when Napoleon died.
Ah, that's fucking wrong.
I think just sort of regardless of cussing, the teacher should not be mean to the students.
Okay.
Because I saw a whiplash and wait a minute, he got really good at drumming.
Yes.
Yeah.
Was that the message of that movie the whole time?
Yeah.
Anyway, teachers should be allowed to cuss though for real, I think.
I think the kids would pay more attention, huh?
I mean, I guess.
But also, I think that what the history teacher is demonstrating there is like,
Hey, I can tell this student's down.
And like, the stand and deliver moment is here is like,
I said the F word and they're gonna be like,
Whoa, Mr. D is totally cool.
And like, now we're like peers because he used the F word.
Now I don't feel so bad because now he fucked up and I'm gonna get him fired.
And what's awesome, you do this.
Your teacher does this.
All of your grades turn around in a way that the country has never seen before.
This becomes the curriculum.
The Teachers Association just starts spreading this nationally.
Y'all, you gotta cuss.
It turns the whole thing around.
This is the silver bullet for fixing America's education problems.
You just gotta start cussing in class.
And there's gonna be a lot of teachers, guys, who aren't gonna be very good at it.
Who don't want to do it.
This is like stodgy old Mr. Henderson who's teaching algebra back in my high school.
And he's like, Well, if you want to find out how big the triangle is, oh, hold on.
Piss.
Okay, so you gotta look at the one end of it.
I love that.
Y'all ever have any teachers that swore?
Hell yeah, I did.
I had a teacher put a cigarette out on his tongue for the class.
Hell yes.
Yeah, Ferg.
Ferg ruled.
Ferg also showed us how he could flip a lit cigarette back into his mouth, close his
mouth to hide the cigarette, then flip the lit cigarette back out.
Fuck yeah, Ferg.
That's fergalicious.
Yeah, I'm not saying he was a good role model or anything, but it's still pretty cool.
He did teach history real good.
I had a gym teacher who was also my homeroom teacher for four years who I did hear the
word- I did hear him say candy, ass.
Was that Coach-
We don't have to name names, my friend.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
But no, it was Coach-
It was Coach-
My favorite thing, side note, that I won't now say we're not naming names, but the person
who taught my driver's ed class, we had to say- I remember it being a pretty important
test.
I can't remember what it was exactly, but while we're all sitting there quietly, he
put on Midnight Train to Georgia on a loop.
That's good.
As we're taking what I remember to be a fairly important test, and I think around the second
or third time the song played, he just began quietly singing along with it.
It is the single most distracting thing that has ever happened to me in a classroom, and
I have ADD.
Was it a test about distracted driving, maybe?
It might have been.
That's good shit right there.
That's good teaching.
I think he's earned a few cusses.
Yep.
Maybe that's the system.
If you do good at teaching, and you turn the kids' grades around, you get X number of
curses for the next year, and you can trade them in like old tickets.
Ooh, that's why you can save them all up and just spend the whole day-
Just half the whole day.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, and then retire.
This is my last day of teaching.
I'm 65.
I haven't cussed yet, but I have a thousand curse tickets.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
Wow, this is really earning the explicit tag on iTunes on this one.
Yeah, we've bought and paid for it.
This one ain't going to syndication, I think.
Excuse me, stop the podcast.
I mean, keep recording and everything.
But stop the podcast, my brothers.
I need everybody to just very quickly open up your calendar app, DeJour.
We all have a brief aside to the listener while we're doing this
The we all have shared calendars to help us keep track of our schedules. It's all of us and it includes our dad
So brothers have you got your calendars open? I do yeah, you just steer on over to October 30th, okay?
Yes, and you have discovered what I discovered what the fuck
Tell me about the all-day appointment that dad has on the 30th of October
It
says juice be day scraps be day now in case you didn't know that is
Justin's nickname and mining game and also in case you didn't know our birthdays are the 8th of November November
So our dad it's not even it's not
He's just got it completely wrong. Yeah, he's fucked it up about as bad as you can now wait
This is so important and we have to make sure he never listens to this episode because you guys are in prime position
for double presents
Guys are in position for double daddy presents and as we all know daddy give the best presents
And you're in the position get two of them each boys
All right everyone listening on the 30th tweet at Justin and I like happy birthday Travis and Justin
That's not our birthday
When our dad has the wrong day in his calendar that he shares with us about
It's not even close like right it's it's not a week off it's like nine days
It's the most odd. It's quite off
I hear what I am gonna do though all right what I am gonna do is I'm gonna create a calendar item in mind
That says Travis's birthday on
That day just as so dad is fully bought into our birthday being October 30th. I like that
Okay, I'll do this Travis you do the same
all right, so
That's the ruse. That's folks. That's good
Junior oh boy, we got a double
Burger King did another one this week, and I just wanted to like duck in on it. Yeah, no
This is very quick much squad junior
Burger King launched the Philly cheese king nationwide
And it's of course you know a burger meant to emulate the the Philly
cheese steak sandwich that's so beloved by
Philadelphia
This sandwich is
Burger King it says is bringing their flame grilling expertise to the traditional Philly cheese steak recipe
The brand created this innovation based on the classic recipe
Using more than a half pound of flame-grilled 100% beef caramelized onions and American cheese
Despite taste test approvals from Philadelphians one restaurant in Philadelphia opted out of selling it
Completely to honor the traditional recipe so on October 25th
The Philly cheese king will not be sold at the Burger King restaurant located at 15 South 8th Street, Philadelphia
until otherwise overturned by the Burger King brand
wait
Yes, yes, yes
Griffin they've released a press release to put this one franchise on blast it is
possible
but
It's intentional so I
Mean yeah, except that they are they've put this message out intentionally. I guess cuz they're playing with this one
They're lat the player with the last burger was
It'll give you nightmares because of the different beefs
Four different kinds of beef you got chicken be
Cheese beef yeah, and then with this one
It's it's a sin against tradition and cuisine such that a city has risen up against this burger
Because it's such a crime and anyway. That's our sales pitch for this one. Is that we've besmirched
This other food and ruined it so bad that one bird hates it and this one chicken shit store
It's one strong
Shit store has stood up against us in the most powerful like an honestly
I'm inspired and how's it in how's that press release end again until until what?
The Philly cheese king will be available. Oh no no no
Oh
It says the Philly cheese king will not be sold at the BK restaurant located at 15 South 8th Street, Philadelphia
Pennsylvania until otherwise overturned by the Burger King
Okay, so
The Burger King is a fun figure sometimes he sneaks up on you
And he gives you a burger while you're you know trying to put your kids to bed
He wakes up your kids, and they start yelling
He's fun. We all have a lot of fun with him, but he sure does have his boot on all of our necks, huh?
Yeah, he can do really also I I assumed it was a monarchy
But it sounds like they have some kind of judicial system where they're gonna take this to like burger Supreme Court. Yeah
Yeah, they're gonna fight him all the way
And can you give the address of that Philly store one more time because I want everyone to go buy a bunch of food from
Them yeah, and support their efforts as like the last
Like sandbag wall against the rising tide of Burger King's power
Yeah, is there also a Burger King that doesn't do the Nightmare Burger cuz I want to support them fungibly
You know Griffin
I don't know, but there are many food chains that don't that you should definitely get out there and support
I mean, it's just a wild
It's a wild publicity scheme for Burger King to force this one restaurant in Philadelphia to not sell their great new burger
But they can't sell the Nightmare Burger
So I do have to question the ethics of this Burger King store if they continue to sell the Nightmare Burger
They'll hurt. We've sold the nightmare. We've sold the chicken thing. What more do they want?
No this far. No farther sold the X Todd. We can't we can't deny
The Kings ruling just watch me. Mr. Burger King. Mr. Burger King. Yeah
Todd in Philadelphia, sir. He's he said no
He said no to me
Oh, yes, sir. Well, we'll see about this without a press release
I'll crush Todd under my heel like the cockroach that he is
Mr. Mr. Burger King, I'm so sorry. I'll never go against your wishes again, please a toast a toast to your health
Don't mind if I do
Oh morning glow morning glow
That's from Pippin after the King dies
Folks is gonna do it for us because we've started referencing Pippin so it's time for us. Oh as you know, that's our normal
Two out of the last three I've got a little bit of Pippin in them. So that's a good streak good enough for me
Thank you so much for listening to our program. We hope you have enjoyed yourself
We have and I say some very important things. Yes. Yes
I guess one if you are in the US and you are an adult who is registered to vote
Go vote November 6th. This is the reminder that that is the day for voting
A lot of states have early voting open right now absentee ballots that you can go to I've already voted
I voted by mail because I'm going to be traveling on the 6th. So go vote next
We have a McElroy mailing list that you can sign up for to get a newsletter containing a bunch of information
About I don't know all kinds of upcoming stuff. It's not a pyramid scheme
I don't know who you saying that but it is not a pyramid scheme
You can go to bit.ly slash McElroy mail and sign up for it there
I have another secret society show happening here in Cincinnati, November 16th
I'm gonna have a bunch of amazing guests, but I can't tell you who they are
You have to show up and find out you can get your tickets for that at bit.ly slash cuss November 2018
CUSS November
2018 and also go ahead and send in your questions for our Austin and Denver live shows
Yes, make sure to put Austin or Denver in
the subject line
by the way
Wednesday is the last day you can pre-order our pin of the month. It's the great job pin
All of our family's proceeds for the pin will be donated to the uni-dose disaster relief and recovery program to support Puerto Rico
It's a great job pin. You're gonna love it and you only have until Wednesday to get it after that. It's done
That's the way the pin into the month work, which also means that we're gonna have a new pin on Thursday
So check it totally out at McElroy merch calm
speaking of pre-order the
adventure zone book to murder on the Rockport limited is available for pre-order now
you can get it at the adventure zone comic comm or just like search for it on Amazon or Barnes & Noble or
Wherever and go ahead and get that pre-order. It's going to be amazing. You're gonna love it
Also go to bit.ly forward slash saw bones book
That's not get the saw bones with those saw but that la forward slash the saw bones book get these saw bones book
And fucking read it and get some medical knowledge in your brain and some humor in your gut
I also want to say that target has apples for sale for four dollars
I'm looking at a web ad on Yahoo answers right now and target very badly wants me to know. Hey, come on down to Target
We have apples for four dollars. Thank you target. That's good advertising
Griffin do you have a last question for us?
Yeah, and it's why won't you let me think John Roderick in the long winters for these four themes on its departure off the album
Putting the days to bed and to thank maximum fun org for letting us have a show in the network
It's real. It's a real good network and there's a lot of great shows there maximum fun org
All right. Here's that finally. I
See I was sent in my merit Palmer. Thank you Merritt. See how who answers user
Gwen who asks
Whom is Madden and why does he get all the football games?
I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy. It's been my brother. My brother me kiss your dad scramble lips
You
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported in a world dominated by dude
bro movie podcasts
Only one podcast is brave enough to call bullshit. Who shot you?
The podcast that dares to say that white dudes opinions aren't the only opinions if you have a movie pass like
Get a ticket to it to support Taraji then go home ant-man seems so unnecessary at this point
Ant-man is like a ketchup packet too many who shot you with Ricky Carmona
I wanted to see Wolverine kick-ass and eat some popcorn and have a good time Alonzo Duralde
Is this Andy Richter?
Yeah
And April Wolf
I love wild things because you get to see Kevin Bacon's dick
Who shot you listen every Friday on maximum fun or wherever you get your podcasts
