The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Mean Advice Show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. Ooh, ooh, ooh, have an Anna? Have ooh, ooh, ooh.
Amy, pretty, smart, smart. Gorilla, gorilla, gorilla.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's certainly become clear to you by now.
We have Dawn of the Planet of the Apes of the Fever. Yeah, we're crazy for it. New picture
coming out this week. Got Andy Serkis as Caesar, of course, doing that mocap. Jason Clarke is here.
Keri Russell, Felicity, and monkeys in one movie. Thank you very much. Halfway through the movie
is the monkey cut her hair. Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. I do have to, and I hope this isn't
sacrilege because we do all have monkey fever. How whack does your movie have to be before
James Franco is like, sorry, I can't do that, and also I was in Spring Breakers. Like, I can't get
there with you for a sequel. We can't do this together. You want me to act with virtual monkeys?
No thank you. I'm going to go kick it with Vanessa Hudgens. No thank you. A virtual Vanessa Hudgens.
Virtual Vanessa Hudgens in Spring Breakers? It's just, it's a man, it's a gaffer with a big bushy
beard, and he's holding a tennis ball, and he's saying, Franco, look at the tennis ball and pretend
it is Vanessa Hudgens. Now touch it with your nose and get a treat. Touch it with your face.
It's Vanessa Hudgens face, and when you see this tennis ball, hold on, let me get my Sharpie up.
Okay, I've drawn a face on this. Okay, he's not doing it. He's distracted. Hold on one second.
Let me smear a little peanut butter on the tennis ball. Go, Franco, go. Yummy.
Um, I gotta admit, I'm more, I have, I'm more excited about another film. I've got boyhood fever.
Okay. Like Scarlet fever? I would not go around loudly proclaiming that you have boyhood fever.
I have boyhood fever! It's a new Linklater film. It's a bold filmmaking experiment. It shows a boy,
and they filmed him for like 11 or 13 years or something, until he became basically a man.
Griffin, uh, when you loudly proclaimed that you had boyhood fever,
did you instantly grow a perfectly coiffed mustache?
Where is this tucked in, tucked in button-down shirt coming from?
You can laugh if you want.
If you hadn't heard of this movie, which I had until last night, apparently they shot,
uh, it over 12 years, so you see a boy becoming a man.
I just said that.
In many ways, this podcast is our boyhood.
It's our boyhood, sure. No, I was, I was, but low onto a child when, when we started this thing.
I was 22 fucking years old. Can you imagine anybody that young, ever?
Nobody's ever been that young.
And when you were a child, you goofed like a child,
but now as a man, you've put away such childish goofs.
The one, the only time I felt that young, I think, in recent memory,
is when I was sitting in the theater for Dawn of the Planet of the Apes,
and I saw all my favorite characters, all the classic monkeys returning for another, uh,
Chim Chim,
Caesar, uh,
The Monkey King,
Grondo,
The Strong One,
Gronk,
Gordito,
Beaver,
Bumblebee,
Optimus Primal,
Banana Boy, Banana Boy with an I, and that's not a monkey.
That's like a man, that was like a man that they kept around.
Gorilla Grodd.
I can't wait.
This movie's been getting great reviews.
It's 91% fresh, and that doesn't even need any more debate.
If you haven't seen a movie in a while, and you've been looking for an opportunity,
I don't even think you need to see the last one.
You'll go ape for it.
You'll go ape for it. You will, Travis.
That's funny because, um, uh, in the title, the monkeys.
I want to go-
Please don't email us, like, telling us the difference.
Do we fucking get it? That's the fucking joke.
That's the fucking joke.
Do we need to take you to fucking-
We need to give you a fucking comedy clinic right now?
You piece of trash.
That's the fucking-
Wow, we really turned on a dime there.
About my science books and-
Fuck you, that's the fucking-
Do you think-
Just go ahead-
I love it when people are just like,
Oh, I don't know if they're being serious or not,
so let's just assume the shittiest thing about them.
There's a fucking joke.
And you know what?
Let me give you a little secret about your science book.
You know, people want to throw science books in our face all the time, constantly.
Duck, you know, here comes another one.
But here's the thing about that.
That's going to be outdated in five years.
It'll all be like, remember that last book?
It was bullshit.
We were lying about all of it.
Here's the new shit, but this is really real.
Apes and monkeys are the same thing.
Look at the apes.
They're just-
They're bigger.
And if we evolved from monkeys, why are there still monkeys?
You know?
Uh oh.
Come on, science.
We are disassembling science one step at a time,
but we're helping you to rebuild your life.
We'll check back in at the end to knock down some more science.
I promise you that all our advice will not be
go see Dawn of the Planet of the Apes in theaters this weekend.
Which one is it?
Rise is the first one, but I think that's confusing to me, right?
Because Rise of the Planet of the Apes, it's not.
And Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is not the same.
It should have been Dawn first.
That's what always confuses me.
You can't rise before the dawn.
It's Dawn and then Rise.
Why wasn't Dawn first and then Rise?
It makes me very angry.
I love these movies and I love this franchise.
And this is the only thing wrong with it so far.
This is the only thing they've fucked up so far.
The rest of the movie is like the best movie ever, basically.
Yeah, that-
Yeah, the only thing I don't like about it.
It's like if they made a sequel to Boyhood and called it Baby.
Babykins, a Richard Linklater film.
Baby Genius.
Did you see the geniuses?
Did you see the new Richard Linklater Baby Geniuses?
It's just two Baby Geniuses walking through the streets of Versailles.
And one of them's dying and they're just talking about-
One of them's dying and they're talking about the nature of life and death.
And then they'll take a break and someone will write them a poem below the Arc de Triomphe.
And also Ethan Hawke is there.
I really want to see this movie now.
Man, it was a fucking good movie.
There was no Baby Geniuses 3.
There was Super Babies Baby Geniuses 2.
And that's the one where they had a little person
with a baby's face superimposed over their head as they danced.
I did not enjoy that scene.
That was a troubling scene.
But this is a troubling podcast and we're going to try to untrouble you.
We have time for one and a half questions now.
All right, let's spin it up.
In a moment of weakness and lacking insight from the brothers wise,
I agreed to let my nephew move into my basement.
He's in a band.
He pays no rent, eats all our food, leaves messes, and generally acts like a 14 year old.
How can I get him to pack up his bags and move away?
That's from Carl the Grumpy Old Man in Lincoln, Nebraska.
Is he 14 years old?
That's a really good question.
I don't understand how all this lines up.
Okay, there's a if he's 32, this is a much different question than if he's like 19.
You know, it's so rare that you get to do something nice for somebody like this.
You could, I could connive a few ways for you to get rid of them.
You know, like, I mean, there's fake ghosts, fake haunting, the basis on it.
That's easy.
You could gaslight them.
Gaslight them.
That's just every day remove one article of something from their room.
Something from their room and put it like in storage or move it to an apartment.
This is going to be a really long term plan, but like just one sock, you know, on Monday
and then like a CD on Tuesday and just slowly move them out of the house.
Can you start an even louder band on the top floor?
Do you know what I mean?
Like if he's rocking all day and night on his his strat, then maybe you buy an even
bigger Marshall stack, point that towards the ground and just start like laying down
some like kidney stone rattling bass riffs.
Oh, I love this.
And if whatever their band is called, you call your band that, but bigger.
Right.
So if his band is perfect death, it was like, we're a perfecter death.
Er.
Er.
More perfect death.
And then you get incredibly popular.
You buy him his own house behind your house.
You're going to have to entourage this shit.
Why would you want it if you went to all the trouble of buying him another house?
You don't have enough money to buy another plot of land, so you can only build him a
small dollhouse in your place.
You still love him.
You don't want to be you love him.
You don't want to be too far away.
But you will have you will have a witch cast a spell on him to make him little enough to
live in a dollhouse.
Basically, this is this is called the candor is what is that we have.
You put him in a bottle city that you keep in your den.
Why have you not told him to stop being a dipshit?
Yeah, I mean, life has to tell you that you know the guy who owns your house gets to tell
you that I'm pretty sure like our dad always told us when we were being idiots.
You're his dad now because you own his you own the house.
Correct.
You're like any sitcom in which like a non direct family member or friend moves in.
You you now are responsible for them like a parent.
That's what the Matthews did for Corey.
Sorry, Sean.
Corey was their son.
Or like in in step by step.
I believe it was Cody and then Flash.
You got to treat them like you're your child.
Fresh Prince of Bel-Air him.
There you go.
You've got you're the uncle Phil to his Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.
You got to uncle Phil him with your love.
But you kind of want to help him grow.
Sounds sounds to me like you want to DJ Jazzy Jeff.
That's what you okay.
This is the conversation you sit down saying you need to make a decision right now.
Are you going to be my Fresh Prince of Bel-Air?
Are you going to be my DJ Jazzy Jeff?
I'm I kind of he doesn't get the reference out.
He goes out.
He goes.
He's obviously a Jeff.
This is what I'm saying.
It is Will Smith.
The I said Fresh Will.
Was his name just Will in the show?
Yes.
That's some bullshit.
He couldn't.
It was Will.
It was William.
William Enium.
That was his name.
William Enium represented a pretty tremendous.
You go back and watch that show.
Pretty tremendous amount of character growth throughout the run of
Fresh Prince.
DJ Jazzy Jeff was was almost belligerently stagnant.
Well, to be fair, he was thrown on his head several times, right?
So I mean, I there definitely is a physiological element to it.
I'm just saying that DJ Jazzy Jeff.
By the end of the series finale, like we're going to go to college now.
And he was like, I just want to party all night long.
And then he puts online where she's all night long because he's like fucking stuck.
You know what I mean?
Right?
Yes.
Now he has no opportunity.
He has nothing.
Also, did he ever DJ on that show fucking once ever?
I don't ever.
I don't think so.
I believe he did.
There is a an episode in which will rent out the house for our music video.
And I believe DJ Jazzy Jeff sneaks in and he's doing a little mixing on the old ones and twos.
That's fun.
And that's a fun.
That's a fun episode.
How how frustrating must it be to be a genuine like actual musical artist,
but for a generation of white people, you are that guy that got thrown out of the house.
Like, no, I had like a whole career before this.
You go, oh, god damn it.
And before we get right in, I just remembered that I believe it was not will that rented out
the house.
He was trying to stop it from happening.
In fact, Carlton rented out the house.
That seems not like Carlton.
Was that the same episode?
Was that the same episode where Carlton bought a gun?
That was a real good one.
That was Carlton's like breaking bad the entire series in one episode for him.
The best episode, I think, is the one where will has to convince Carlton that racism exists.
Did you guys ever?
I do remember that.
Yeah, he was driving slowly and he got pulled over and he thought it's because he was driving
so slowly.
And Wilson was like, no, racism exists.
And it blows Carlton's mind because he's never experienced it before in his life.
No, that's like a it's not like a fun.
And that's not like a laugh a minute episode.
It goes like really hard.
It's actually hard.
They go fucking hard on that show.
We give that show.
I'm just saying that we do.
We goof about that show because it's called Fresh Prince of Bel Air and there's a character
on it called DJ Jazzy Jeff.
They tackle some fucking heady, heady subjects.
There's an amazing episode in which will goes off about like his dad.
Leave it.
Oh, yeah.
It'll rock you to your very core.
Yeah.
Y'all want to Yahoo?
Yeah, this Yahoo was sent in by level 165 Yahoo Shaman Diamond member Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew Davenport.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
He needs a rebrand.
Maybe double D.
Maybe double D.
Double D or the Drew.
The Drew.
Thank you.
The Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user The Walrus who asks how to lose weight in my nipples.
I was fat and now I'm not fat, but my nipples are still fat and they are in quote, Hershey's
kiss nipples.
First of all, you need to rebrand because if you lost the weight, you shouldn't be
going by The Walrus anymore.
What are you doing to yourself?
Well, no, now it's like now he changes up those expectations.
Oh, I see.
You hear The Walrus coming and out in walks a really svelte man with like huge nipples.
Huge nipples you can see through his blouse.
Crazy big nips.
Huge nips.
And we're not even talking about like-
Wait, are we sure this is a man?
I mean, The Walrus.
Okay.
Oh, okay.
Wait, hold on.
Walr I can also be.
They have to reproduce.
That's a good point Travis.
Yeah.
I guess you really undid me.
You really unspooled my logic there.
I think-
Either way, I think we can talk about this in a gender.
I mean, we can talk about anything in a gender neutral sense.
I think you-
Imagine like I'm having a hard time visualizing these nips.
Okay.
I'm not.
And I'm usually super good at that.
I've been practicing for this day since I was 12.
What I'm saying is-
Given the least amount of information, I get verbally bitched.
I had a good decade long run of trying to imagine what nipples look like.
So I am well acquainted.
Are we talking about like plump tipples?
They literally say Hershey Kisses.
Imagine Hershey Kisses with bumps on them.
So we're talking about pieces of paper sticking out the end.
We're talking about areolas that are elevated somehow.
They are topographical.
They just don't quit.
Can't.
They can quit.
Can we please approach this with a more clinical-
These are all medical terms.
I'm afraid you got Hershey Kissed tipples that just don't quit.
Itis.
We'll probably have to put you in some kind of, I don't know, sanitarium.
Yeah.
Here's one thing I know.
There's a fetish for everything.
I guess.
You just gotta find that one person that loves that look.
Cannot get enough.
I bet there's a whole website-
Oh, excuse me, Adam.
I see that you have a grocery cart just full of bags of Hershey Kisses.
Well.
Are you in for a treat?
Do I have a treat for you?
There's a part of my body that looks like that?
Would you like to enjoy it?
There's a whole sub-sign on Brazzers that's just Hershey Nipples.
I don't-
What are you talking about?
Is it like a porn thing?
There's like another tab just for Hershey Nipples.
You mean YouTube?
No.
No, you can't find this kind of stuff on YouTube.
Oh, Prince Griffin.
How do you-
Are there-
Is there like a-
Is there like a Kegels-
Is there like a shirt-level Kegels?
Is there a torso-based Kegel regimen?
I think it-
Yeah, I think it's called like push-ups, right?
But those aren't gonna affect the sinews.
Right.
The treble sinews.
Well, here's what it is.
It's a long-term commitment, because what you have to do is stand there and with two
fingers of each hand, just push as hard as you can for like-
Get back in there!
It's like 12 hours a day for like a year.
Please get back in me.
And to say that you have this vocalization to you, you have to visualize smaller nipples.
Get back in my chest.
Because if you miss a day or do it for like 11 and a half hours, it actually gets worse.
I think you exacerbate the issue.
Yeah, no.
They're gonna come back in greater numbers.
Could you cut-
All right, when I cut my finger, it heals, right?
It heals, right?
Yeah.
Could you cut your nipples off and hope that-
No, you're absolutely correct.
You have to inject yourself with some lizard DNA first.
Okay.
Now I have lizard nipples.
Great.
That's the catch.
Wonderful.
And then you have to commit crimes.
That's a big impact.
Now I have to do a crime.
You can probably tuck them.
It's probably some sort of tucking maneuver there.
Like fold them over.
Depends on if they're functional or not.
I guess it does depend on like, if you ever want to get anything from these nipples,
the solution is probably gonna be different.
Then you probably will want to go more homeopathic.
If you're like cool with them just being more ornamentary, then you can really, I mean, take
your pick.
Take your choice.
Could you have a wizard paint a painting of you in which the nipples of the painting get
bigger as yours gets smaller?
Yeah.
But then-
And you have to put it into the attic and never look at it because look at those gross
nipples.
Yeah, but I mean-
Is it gross?
Yeah.
Then you could just have like a couple of little garbanzo beans down there if you let
that spell get out of control.
Well, that's the gypsy twist, because it just keeps getting smaller and smaller and smaller
and smaller.
Oh, until they disappear.
Mm-hmm.
That's what the original draft of Finner was.
Mm-hmm.
You hit my niece with your car.
Little do you know-
She'll be fine, but just as a little thing to make you feel bad.
No, she's dead.
No nipples.
Oh crap.
No, she's dead.
So I'm going to lay upon you the most bodacious gypsy magic.
I just started dating a 24-year-old guy.
I'm 34.
He's super sweet.
We have just enough in common and not that it's fun and interesting getting to know each
other.
He stays at my place a couple of times a week and asks for a key to my place.
I glossed over it, but I'm sure it will come up again soon.
How do I handle this without making him feel bad?
That's from Aged in Astoria.
I'm guessing the bad feelings.
You didn't say that you don't want to give him a key.
I'm assuming that's implied.
That's a pretty good-
If that solution were available to us, we would hope that you would disclose that.
So here's, sometimes the ambiguity of when you say you just started dating him, but then
you say he stays over a couple of times a week.
So it's been enough weeks that it's formed a pattern.
Are we talking like a month, two months, six months?
If you just started dating and it's less than a month, by all means, no.
That's crazy.
Don't give him a key.
The only sort of chronological like measurement we have is that they say that they just started
dating him.
So no, that's no, no, no.
Because like, listen, everybody, I love New York.
It's a tremendous city full of bright lights and big people.
I heart NY.
I do.
It's, everybody there is on some sort of chase or some sort of grind or some sort of groove
or some sort of mystery, by which I mean that a lot of them will just take your shit.
Yep.
If you let them into your place and you don't pay attention for a second and they're on
that grind too hard, you can just, you're new and you don't pay attention.
Your new Keurig is like their Keurig now.
24 is so, 24 is so young.
He might as well be one of Fagan's boys.
You might be dating the Artful Dodger.
Are you ready for this?
I just figured out how I handled this situation.
Oh, see, I had a good one too, but let me hear yours and see if it's as good as mine.
Okay.
Because mine's great.
If he brings it up again, you tell him that the landlord asked you not to make a copy.
Yes.
You two.
I wish I had, I wish I could be your brother someday.
I wish I just had like that brotherly link.
Because here's the best thing about it.
If in the future you decide you do want to give him one, you say like, listen, I really
fought the landlord on it and I convinced him to let me do this for you.
Yeah.
No, that's a great thing about that is that you can continue to use this fictional landlord
throughout your relationship.
Sorry, he told me not to buy you an anniversary present.
The landlord said I had to be, the landlord said I had to be big spoon.
I don't know.
Landlord said I should finish the milk and not replace it.
He said it's a city code thing.
I don't know.
The only, the landlord said the only way I can not get evicted is if you do mouth stuff
to me.
It's a weird thing.
And I don't know how we could even prove that.
I'm actually thinking about breaking my lease because he is, this is very crazy.
This is really, but no, if you insist.
Now, but okay.
So now that we've solved the problem for you, the question I have about it is, is there
times that he's spending in your apartment that you're not there?
Because if not, it's kind of a non issue, right?
Like, as long as you're always there, why does he even need a key?
Yeah.
Why has he got to be there that you're not there?
That's what I don't like.
That's what's implicit with the key issue.
Yes.
I think the only time that that giving someone a key, that's it.
There's a reason that in like sitcoms and movies, it's always such a big step because
it is.
And it's way bigger than I think people make it out to be these days.
Yeah.
But like, there's a big difference between someone who's basically living with you and
someone who is living with you, right?
Now giving them the key is saying like, Hey, you're living with me now.
It's an important boundary.
Let me ask you a question.
When you ask him where he's living, does he give oddly vague answers?
Sort of like, uptown, sort of here and there kind of answers.
I'm kind of a citizen of the world.
Kind of a citizen of the world.
Does his breath always smell like beans?
Don't.
No.
I'm not saying he's homeless.
I'm saying he's a hobo.
There's a big difference.
He's a free spirit.
He's a rail rider.
Rail rider.
He's a whale rider.
He's a whale rider.
An adventurous whale rider.
An important storm, though, a hobo of the seas.
A hobo, sea hobo.
I mean, it's supposed to be an important boundary.
Yeah, like Rachel doesn't even have a key to my car.
I don't know what she's gonna do with that thing.
I don't trust her.
Yeah, you know, it's one of those there are questions and there are probably other ones
that I'm just not thinking of right now.
But like, there are things that should never be asked.
They can only be offered because it's such an imbalance of power, right?
It's not like, can we move in together?
Because I think that's a sacrifice from two people like looking to make a decision together.
Can I have a key to your place is like, that is, I have nothing to lose and you have everything
to lose because if you look at every relationship that's ever happened in the history of the earth,
no one at a month in thought, I bet this guy would take my TV.
I bet this is the kind of guy that would poop on my floor and then leave.
You know, I had a roommate once and her boyfriend, every so often I would like come out of my
room and find her boyfriend there to find out that she was not home and he was just
there hanging out in our living room and like hanging out at our house.
And they'd been dating about three or four weeks at this point.
And later after they broke up, I said, so why was he around so much in her response?
Oh, his mom kicked him out because he sold their electronics for drugs.
Awesome.
Cool, cool, cool.
And this is the dude that we just like had in our home.
So here's the thing is like, even like, you don't know this dude.
You don't know him that well.
And even if you do, there's no rush to this.
Like if he needs to hang out at your place, that's a much different discussion than to
have constant access to it all the time, no matter what, no questions asked.
You know what I mean?
Happy we could help there.
We seem very helpful.
Yeah, just lie, I guess.
How about another Yahoo?
If you're sure, we got a lot of good questions too, though.
It's up to you.
Yeah.
Not like your shitty Yahoos.
Well, I don't know why we have to be so combative about it all of a sudden.
I mean, I'm just saying that real questions are better.
Just don't let me-
How about just like a quick Yahoo, just a quick thinker.
We don't even actually have to talk about it.
I just want to sort of project this into the consciousness of America.
Just like an amuse-bouche.
I just want to amuse-bouche this into the hearts and minds of the real America.
These are fucking amusing-bouche.
And if you're a part of real America, you know that I'm talking to you.
You know what I mean?
Yes.
Amuse our bouche.
I didn't write down who gave it to us.
Oh, it was, of course, Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew Davenport.
Yahoo Answers user Zenaida asks, and again, let's just like,
let's make an agreement right now that we won't address this.
I'll just say it and then project it into the minds of the real America and then we'll move on.
But how does cat dog go to the bathroom?
Does it come out of one of their mouths or something?
So that's just out there now.
Now it's in the sphere.
Now it's in the ether.
And people can, you know, digest that and just talk about it on our Reddit.
Just like sort of put it out there.
Here is another one by Drew Davenport, though.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Rachel who asks, fast and furious party?
I'm having a party for 18 year olds and can't think on what I can do for it.
They all have their own character to be like for the night,
but can't think of what else there is to do.
I don't want the drugs side of it because we are all not like that.
So has anyone got any ideas on what I can do?
So we're talking about a themed.
Okay, first I want to say I've seen at least four fast and furious movies.
Okay.
Drug use does not play into these movies.
Not in a significant way.
Not in any way that's like played up and addressed.
Wait a minute party party thrower.
Is it possible you haven't seen the fast and furious movies?
Because if so, that would make this much more difficult.
Because here's the key thing about these movies.
It's driving cars.
So unless you're driving cars inside this party,
you're pretty much just people dressed in like tank tops.
I mean, it's not all you are selling these.
You are doing these movies at a tremendous discredit.
Oh no, they're awesome.
No, no, no, but I'm saying that there is a lot of human drama
drama taking place not behind the wheel of the car.
Not anywhere near a car.
Away from cars is what I'm saying.
They are non-car related.
Non-car related friendships, loss, relationships, tanks, helicopters,
helicopters, jet skis, four by fours, four wheelers.
You should just come as a Tokyo drift character and say fuck everybody else.
Fuck all y'all.
This is the best flick in the franchise.
Y'all don't even realize it.
It's a future.
I don't know a post cool.
Yeah, it's not even a see.
Every other Fast and Furious movie is a prequel to Tokyo Drift.
It's all leading up.
It's all building up to the past.
Seven is a sequel to Tokyo Drift.
Oh, is that true?
Yeah, because Tokyo Drift is set in like 2015.
You're making shit up.
It's set in 2015.
Like that's some future destiny.
Well, when it came out in like 1999,
come with us into the world of 2015.
Your Mitsubishi still has wheels?
I guess.
All right.
Come on my hover Mitsubishi.
Uh, there's a, I just looked at the Wikipedia page for Fast and Furious
and there's a bit about future.
Like what the future of the franchise would be.
The very first line is Vin Diesel indicated that he loves Fast and Furious 7.
Great.
What, what precisely would be the first folks?
You know what, I'm going to go on the record here.
I like this movie.
That was a really solid Vin Diesel.
I'm going to go on the record here and say, I like this film that I did.
I did a film and it's, uh, it's pretty great.
Um, Tokyo Drift.
Can we talk, thank you.
Can we talk though about, cause this is literally, I, I have,
I'm always thinking about Fast and Furious movies.
It's like my power jam in my head.
It's not like a little song I sing to myself.
It's just, I think about those movies and it makes me like fucking psyched.
Um, but we do need to talk about Tokyo Drift because I've never really
thought about this before in my life.
Imagine if there was a series of skateboard films, a series of skating films.
And one of the films they did was just called Skater Boys 4 Jumping.
And it was about, and it was about a sect of skate.
Australia jumping.
It was about a sect of skateboarders who have now realized that they can
get these goddamn things off the ground.
It's talking, it's the feature that the star of Fast Fur3 Tokyo Drift was not
whatever that, that hillbilly was that they cast in the lead role instead of the beautiful
angelic Paul Walker.
The soon to be DFI, the soon to be DFI Paul Walker who had a limited amount of acting
time on this earth and they fucking squandered it and gave it to that fucking hillbilly.
I do have a serious question that just to interrupt real quick.
If anybody knows this, please let me know because I've never seen Tokyo Drift.
Is that character supposed to be Paul Walker's character's son?
No, no, no.
Because they have a baby in like six.
No, no relation.
You are trying to build a connection, a thread that does not, a through line.
It just doesn't make sense.
That can be your side fiction.
That can be your, your Ferris Bueller doesn't exist.
I'm saying, I'm saying the hillbilly hack.
Andy's mom, Andy's mom owned the guy from Tokyo Drift.
I'm saying the hillbilly hack who starred in that movie was not the star of the movie.
The star of that movie was a thing you can do with cars.
It's like if they did Fast and the Furious Five, fast braking.
And then it was all about fast braking.
And then they made Fast and the Furious Six reverse driving.
What they blew it on is what they should have done is at the end.
Well, maybe they still will.
At the end of Fast Seven, a car drifts and somebody goes, hold on.
Wait a second.
They've got something there.
I'm going to go develop this technology in Japan.
It would be like if in the movie Burger Time series, Burger Time 4 was just called ketchup.
And at the beginning of the movie, someone like stepped on a tomato
and poured some vinegar on it accidentally.
It was like, the game done changed.
Yeah.
Here's your burger.
You ain't got no ketchup.
And then that would be Chris Tucker.
Was that Chris Tucker in the movie?
Burger Time 4 ketchup?
Is Chris Tucker the star of that film or is it more of a cameo?
Don't you know about condiments?
Chris, get over here.
Yeah.
Yeah, that movie, it really is all about drifting.
I don't know if you've seen Tokyo Drift, but it really is like they're racing in parking garages.
And he like buses whip the fuck up because he's trying to get up those spins
like through regular acceleration means.
I wish I could be in the pitch meeting for that movie where they said like,
hey, you know how much people love Fast and the Furious
and then the sequel Fast and the Furious 2?
Well, I've got another idea for a Fast and the Furious movie.
Here's the twist.
It has nothing to do with those other Fast and the Furious movies.
Somebody just drives a car real fast and slides into things.
Yeah.
Sounds good.
How much you want?
Can I say something?
Can I say something perhaps contentious?
It's a pretty fucking tight movie.
What?
How does it compare?
Do you like it better than your base Fast and the Furious?
It lacks the bombast of Fast 5 and Fast 6 onward.
Does it have a buddy feel to it on the same level of Walker and Diesel?
There will never be another buddy feel like that buddy feel.
God took it away from us.
Thanks, God.
I've lived my whole life for you and this is how you do me.
I was so excited about the triumvirate of Diesel, Walker, and Rock.
Yeah, we were all pretty fucking excited about it.
And God was like, oh, nope, nope.
This is too cool.
They're not ready for this.
It's too cool.
Puh-luck.
Let me just get that real quick.
Fourth time.
It's fucking a shame.
This is too cool.
This was supposed to be the last thing they ever did.
We can't let them get here yet.
Let me just pull up.
This is the end of humanity.
This is supposed to be the big finale.
Are they making a Bill and Ted's 3?
They've been talking about it forever, but whatever.
In this one, I want him to travel to heaven again and get Paul Walker and bring him back.
I mean, that's not how movies work.
Can we go to the My Zone?
I'm so fucking mad.
I know.
It's just like, I'm not, this isn't like a goof.
This isn't like a goof thing that I do where I talk about, oh, aren't celebrities weird?
It's like, I'm fucking mad.
To say nothing of the fact that, and I feel like we kind of gave God a pass on this when
it happened, but like, God took one of the deedles.
He took half of the deedles from us as if this wouldn't be enough.
The only still functioning deedle.
The only deedle who is still an active deedle.
Shit.
This is how you do me.
Oh my God.
Fucking Fast and the Furious deedles crossover.
Other deedle rolls up.
I mean, we can't.
Sorry about my brother.
We can't now.
But I'm here to take over.
It's all in the deedle verse.
You see Paul Walker and Steve Van Warman together, you think deedles.
You see Steve Van Warman by himself and he's, who's that?
I have partial face blindness that only extends to Steve Van Warmer, not in the presence of
Paul Walker, which is to say forever now.
Thank you, God.
Do appreciate you killing one of the deedles.
Not at all.
What a jerk.
Great A job up there.
Great A job.
They didn't even make two.
They didn't make deedles two.
Big bad deedle borgs.
By the way, big bad deedle borgs would have been the fucking sweetest.
Fast eight big bad deedle borgs.
They find, they get armor.
I mean, it would be called fast and the furious.
No number armor boys.
And then it would be about armor.
But here's the problem.
We couldn't have Paul Walker and that other fuck you just said in the picture.
It would have to be some another hillbilly hick.
Another piece of garbage actor.
That's not Paul Walker.
Fucking fuck it.
Fuck.
Just do the money zone.
Surf Wyoming, damn it.
Guys, coding is the most desired job.
Surfing is not.
You have like, so let's like go.
Let's let's go behind the curtain here.
Well, I want to talk about one one HTML.
Let me give you the big pitch.
It's the easiest way to learn code to build websites.
You do 30 minutes a day for 30 days and you'll build an actual website starting from day one.
You'll be welcomed into a community also of 12,000 other students who are learning online.
So you want to go inside something.
You've been doing this.
You've, you've actually been, you've been doing this.
I signed up.
It is, it is extremely reasonable for the, the one month class.
I'm taking HTML, the one month HTML course.
Does that cover cascading style sheets as well?
There is some CSS in there.
Yes.
So the way it works is actually really good for me.
For my like way of doing stuff is that you watch a video basically in one window
and then in another window and sort of the HTML editor,
you code along with what they're doing.
And after the, like the first few lessons, like I had actually like,
like I had a functioning website.
I literally, I work on the internet.
I, I, I am the managing editor of a website.
And after one week of this course, I think I understand like exponentially,
exponentially more about this entire process.
And like, I have designed my own website now as part of the project.
Like that's how it, that's how it ends at the end of the first week
is you making your own website.
That kind of put you, and I felt like comfortable doing that,
at least having like enough vocabulary.
Honestly, the biggest problem I have with this,
this class is not doing more than one day's worth of classes in,
in a setting because it's really fun.
It's intoxicating.
Yeah.
It's a lot of fun and I'm really enjoying it.
You can enroll at one month.com slash my brother,
and they're going to give you 25% off.
So you could have like a whole new skill in 30 minutes a day for 30 days.
And even that's not like, like I, I have a huge,
much better understanding of HTML.
Like after a week, I understand so much more and it's a lot of fun to do.
And you can get a 25% discount from us.
So go to one month.com slash my brother and go, go learn yourself a new skill.
While you're doing that, you're going to have one key,
hand on the keyboard, rattling out functions,
rattling out, um, transistors and, and like functions and stuff.
And your other hand is going to be, is going to be wrist deep in a sweet bag of,
Oh, I don't know.
Baked sweet potato fries, peanut butter, nom-noms or dark cocoa almonds.
Cause you're going to become a nature box subscriber.
If you aren't already one, we're talking about,
this is something I want to, okay.
Sometimes we sell things and like, you need to start doing this.
You're already snacking now.
Yeah, this isn't a thing we're asking you to do.
We're asking you to revolutionize.
We're asking you to, uh, I got some, they have a few new recommendations.
They have cinnamon, sugar, corn kernels, sort of like, uh,
in the corn nuts vein, but like sweet and crunchy.
Yeah, it's like really good.
And then there's a, what else did we get?
Chocolate, quinoa, granola.
Yeah.
Ooh, I still don't understand the structure of that snack.
You eat that with a spoon.
You know what I do?
I crumble it onto my yogurt.
You crazy mother fucker.
I know.
I'm against the grain.
Change the game.
Yeah.
And Sydney likes it on her ice cream.
So that's, that's how we do.
Um, that sounds really good.
Now it won't make your ice cream healthy.
It doesn't work.
No, not like that.
It's not.
It makes it neutral.
No alchemical properties to it.
It about, it doesn't do that either.
Um, but it is tasty.
Go to naturebox.com.
We're going to get you 50% off your, your month's first box.
Just go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
All one word, naturebox.com slash my brother.
And, uh, you're going to get a healthy treat for half off.
Let me say in any other, more than any other product we advertise in the show,
people get on board with, uh, nature box.
Um, maybe, maybe not more than any other, but, but it's certainly up there.
And, uh, we see a ton of pictures of people getting them and very much enjoying them.
Yeah.
It's, it's so great too.
When everybody, uh, tweets about, you know, that they were on that, uh,
nature box tip because the awesome and makes us feel good.
And it also shows our advertisers how much power we wield.
So thank you everybody for the crazy, like we shouldn't know one man should have all
this power, especially when they're just like three fucks that like just three
chuckle fuck just like chuckle fuck in their way through life on a wing in a prayer.
Um, a one month HTML tweeted at me after I said, I had started the program and they said,
you're doing great, Justin.
I guess Griffin was wrong about you being a chuckle fuck.
I'm not sure about that.
Um, I have a message for Arjuna.
You think that's how that said?
Yeah.
I like it.
Or Arjuna.
Is it a hard J?
I think it's soft J, Arjuna.
Okay.
Arjuna Logan young, uh, from David and will who say, Hey, it's your birthday.
You big, beautiful bitch.
I am so sorry that I said that out loud to you about you, but I didn't read anything.
I'll read it.
I'll say whatever.
But, um, David, that was David and will.
So just like imagine I'll say it in like a different.
It sounded more like David than will.
Yeah.
That's more of a David vibe for sure.
I'm going to do a different voice.
So nobody can like take this and put it in like, uh, and we can like splice it.
You know what I mean?
And make it sound like I'm calling somebody a bitch.
Cause I never would.
I don't use that word ever.
Okay.
Hey, it's your birthday.
You big, beautiful bitch.
No, that feels weird.
You are finally fulfilling your lifelong goal of being a part-time stripper.
And the only thing that can make your life better is having the brothers McElroy
judge your life choices.
We love you.
Happy birthday.
P.S.
We hope they had fun trying to pronounce your name.
Yeah.
I mean, you, you did get us on that one.
You did pull, you did pull a fast one.
We do not do here as judge.
No, especially people's life choices.
Like we were over that face.
We're good for you.
Enjoy stripping.
Do you guys sometimes feel like you're more sensitive than like other people that you
know, because of this podcast where we have learned how to just like fucking be, you know?
Yeah.
I don't think we were good at just like being before we started this show.
Just do you, you know, JK, JK living Arjuna.
That's what I say.
You want to be a stripper?
Fuck it.
Do it.
JK.
Rowling.
JK.
Rowling Arjuna.
Do it.
Do it.
This next message for Elliot.
It's from.
Happy birthday.
Happy birthday Arjuna.
And his next message is for Elliot.
It's from Matt Hall.
This is probably the best.
I don't want to like put too much pressure on this message.
But of all the personal messages we've ever read on the show, this one is my favorite.
Oh, wow.
Sometimes people will write one and they'll like go over their character limit.
So to like cut short or try to like put too much in.
It gets really confusing.
I feel like Matt has nailed it.
And Matt says, thanks for vibing it and keeping it tight.
If you need me, I'm on my mobile.
So fast.
I'm so fast.
Full stop.
I'm fucking uncomfortable with the funniest thing that has been said on this episode so far.
Being authored by somebody who isn't us.
It's the bet.
Like, please, people concision.
Look at how well Matt Hall has done.
You don't even need to know what occasion this is for.
And do you know what that is?
Good job.
This is almost, I like it almost as a like a fungible measurement of Elliot.
You got 350 characters for your hundo bucks.
Is it a hundo bucks?
150?
But who knows?
Who knows?
It's in that range.
You can get a message on the show, maximumflood.org slash chumbotron.
For your money, you only use maybe 25% of your allotted characters.
So that's you saying, that's you like pissing that money away because you fucking got it to piss.
And I love that style.
That's a big, that's a big move.
So I don't know what to reiterate here.
Happy life.
Happy vibing.
You're fucking doing it every day.
Yeah, you're crushing it, Elliot.
Apparently, thank you for vibing and keeping it tight.
If you need me, I'm on my mobile.
I also like people paying $100 to communicate benign messages to each other.
I do too.
Hey, on your way home, bring home some milk.
Thanks, McElroy's.
Here's a C note.
Especially when it is next available.
So he's just on his mobile.
And he said, I want to tell this pointless message to my friend in a month and a half for $100.
It's like we're like, we've invented a new like, we've like developed this new communications app.
It's like the new Snapchat, except it's the shittiest imaginable.
And it costs you a ton of money.
It costs a ton of money and people are crazy about it.
And you have no idea when it's going to happen.
It's like worse than the Pony Express.
Hey, feeling lonely?
My name's Jesse Thorn.
My name's Jordan Morris.
Do you want to listen to a program where two good friends get intimate with amazing guests
like Maria Bamford, Rob Corddry, and other comedy superstars?
Jordan Jesse Go is here for you.
Every week we'll spill our guts for you and then make some jokes.
Jordan Jesse Go, free at MaximumFun.org.
A celebrity couple just moved in literally across the hall from my girlfriend and I.
We met only the husband who we didn't recognize at first, but he looked familiar.
And after telling us he worked in entertainment, we looked him up on IMDB.
Turns out he's married to someone very famous and an actress.
And both my girlfriend and I really like.
How do we acknowledge we are fans of their work without coming off as creepy from Anxious in Atlanta?
How could you do this to me?
How could you write a question like that and not say who it is?
What in the fuck?
Are you protecting their anonymity?
We don't know who you are.
Or, I want to tell you guys, this is, I found, listen, look at this.
Yahoo Answers has provided a service to me.
Yahoo Answers has provided value to me as a person.
Here's the question.
Which celebrities live in Atlanta?
Okay.
Now this was answered six years ago by Spider-Man 7086.
So, X.
So, it may not be current, but let me hit you with some of the people.
It could be that this person has seen in Atlanta.
I live in Atlanta and so far I've seen.
Okay.
The yin yang twins.
Probably not.
They are married to each other.
Not in Georgia they aren't.
Lil Jon and the East Side Boys.
Hey, little girl, let me whisper in your ear.
Can you please walk the dog and on your way home get some orange juice?
I love you.
Lil Jon and the East Side Boys.
Mm-hmm.
All of them married to each other.
Now you could go knock on Lil Jon's door to say,
Lil Jon, turn down for what?
The what in this case is you live across the hall from me.
Please turnt it down.
And I've got an important meeting in the morning and I just really need to catch up.
So that is why.
A crazy, crumping dude just like crashed through my ceiling.
And somehow I feel like you are the one to blame.
So turn down, please.
Please do turn down for this.
For this.
This is the cause.
Usher.
Hmm.
Jermaine Dupree.
Janet Jackson.
No.
Because here's the thing.
They didn't recognize him at first.
If it's fucking Janet Jackson.
You're going to recognize him.
Who is that again?
Okay.
Here's where things get a little weird in this list.
There's a few more people that I would probably recognize.
T-Pain, Ludacris.
The problem with recognizing T-Pain is it could also be a monster.
You could accidentally identify as a monster.
It could be a monster boogie man who's come to steal your soul.
That's the other problem with T-Pain.
But Ludacris.
Okay.
You would know.
You would know.
The guy who invented the Ziploc bag.
No.
Okay.
Who?
Okay.
Important thing.
Who recognizes that guy on site and puts that in the Yahoo Antics?
Had to have been wearing a t-shirt.
Had to have been wearing a t-shirt that said ask me about my invention on the back.
I think that's Anthony Ziploc.
Ask me about my super tight bags.
Is that Tony Ziploc?
I think so.
He's got the super tight bag shirt.
Are there any other celebs?
Because we haven't answered this question.
Ted Turner.
Sure.
No.
Yeah.
He just moved in across the hall.
Tyler Perry.
Okay.
Okay.
All.
Okay.
All the Braves, Falcons, and Hawks.
So yes.
I mean, yes.
Yeah.
All right.
Fine.
Andre 3000.
Big boy.
Young Jeezy.
Bone Crusher.
Young Bloods.
Young Jock.
CeeLo.
Okay.
Jane Fonda.
I've just had a question occur to me.
Okay.
And I'm going to try to phrase it very, very carefully.
Because I do not mean to offend the question asker.
I do not know your living situation.
I don't know what this building that you live in is like.
What is a celebrity couple that is just like renting an apartment across from you?
So.
Oh, people do that all the time.
Yeah.
I was.
Yeah.
Here would be my guest on a shoot maybe.
Maybe on location in Atlanta.
Or maybe they have like family in Atlanta.
It's not where they want their main house to be, but maybe they got like a little.
Maybe they'll have like a loft there.
Sure.
Yeah, absolutely.
I would like to think that it would be totally chill if you just like ran into the hallway
and said like, oh, hey, I loved you and such and such.
Nice meeting you.
Welcome to the building.
Okay.
See you around.
I bet it would be so novel for this person if you would just not.
Maybe you could just like.
What if you just like.
That's where I'm at.
Like a housewarming present or like invited him over for dinner sometime and treated him
like a normal human being.
Right.
But that's not how normal human beings operate.
Travis, when have you ever gone next door?
Well, not normal macro human beings, but like normal sociable.
We are the most normal human being.
We represent.
Real America.
We represent an identikit of real America that like we are the mold.
Travis, nobody does this.
Have you gone upstairs to your neighbors upstairs and be like, hey,
we made pot pie.
Come on down for our pot pie.
No, but by the way, I loved you and failure to launch.
I just like I can't be I can't even I'm trying to be funny.
I can't stop being so angry at this person for not telling me who this person is.
I mean, here's because here's the thing.
I agree with you, Justin, not only because I desperately want to know who it is,
but I also think that it's an important fact.
If it's somebody who's like known for being totally chill and cool and,
you know, or if it's someone who's known for being kind of reclusive
and not wanting to talk to the press, that's a huge difference.
Can I hit you with this?
Can I hit you with this Donald Faison?
A Donald Faison, I think perfectly fits this mold of somebody you recognize.
You're not sure what probably dating some sort of celeb,
probably got like a bungalow somewhere.
And you say, I love his work.
Do I go talk to Faison?
He seems fucking super friendly.
I cannot imagine a reality in which I would not be more stoked to meet Donald Faison.
I cannot think of an actress I would be more stoked to meet than Donald Faison.
I can't think of a person I'd rather get a hang on with than Donald Faison.
Seriously, that's what I'm saying.
He seems like the chillest, best guy ever.
Because we are the real American mold.
We're nervous.
We wouldn't talk.
We're shy.
We understand these social norms.
But that Faison is such a honeypot, such a sweet, sweet honeypot.
And you just want to Faison it.
Here's the thing.
Okay, so while I agree with you that we are a perfect, perfect slice of real America,
I try to, when I am faced with decisions like this and circumstances like this,
the way I think about it is, in 10 years, will I more regret embarrassing myself
by talking to this person?
Donald Faison, we don't have to be, we don't have to be obtuse about it anymore.
It's Donald fucking Faison.
Would I, will I look back and be like, man, really glad I didn't embarrass myself
by talking to Donald Faison or will I say-
Faison.
Yeah, I fucking met Donald Faison.
I talked to him and like, we ended up hanging out.
We played Call of Duty together.
It was super chill.
Why did you play Call of Duty?
We came over for pizza a couple of times.
Yeah.
He ended up being best friends.
How do you make new friends with Donald Faison?
Not to exclusively talk about scrubs, but I do want to supplement this,
this tale with a personal sort of warning from my own life.
I was at LAX last E3, not this E3, but the E3 before.
I was at LAX and I saw John C. Reilly in the security line like-
Fuck.
Of course, looking like so dope, had a guitar case,
had like the dopest look for his whole steez.
His whole thing was like he had a cool hat and he had a cool look
and he had such a cool look.
I saw him, identified him.
That's Mr. Cellophane.
That's my guy.
That's Steve Rule.
That's my dude.
But in my head, the name I had attached to him is John C. McGinley.
No, Justin.
Now, hear me out.
I didn't go talk to him.
I saw him at the ATM after the line and was literally a hair's breath away
from saying,
uh, hi, Mr. McGinley.
I'm a big fan of your work.
So fucked because I was literally in Charlotte before I was like,
Oh God, that was John C. Reilly.
That was not John C. McGinley from scrubs.
Do you know why you didn't act on that?
And I think it's the, I think this is the most important factor
in these types of decisions.
You had, it is a biblical concept, which is appropriate.
You had mustard seed faith.
You had a mustard seed sized faith that you were a dumb shit.
You had, you would, there was a doubt, a small grain of doubt.
And you acted.
And you walked on the water and ran away.
You had acted on that doubt.
And you said, I, there's a, there's a 0.01% chance I could be wrong.
That is the core of social anxiety is that somewhere deep down in you,
deeper than all your other secrets, you have a suspicion,
bordering on certainty that you are a dumb shit.
Yeah, that's the core of it.
But okay, but okay.
I hope that this helps the person asking this question,
but I look at it this way from my point of view.
This isn't like they're out today.
They're not like at a, you know, opening or something in which they are
characterized as fancy star person.
They're in their home, just being a regular person.
If you run into them, don't acknowledge it.
Just treat them like a regular person.
Treat them like you would anyone else.
Yeah.
Have a party, have a party.
This is what you do.
You have a house party or a bungalow party.
You knock on the door.
Hey, I'm just want to let you know, we're going to have a party tonight.
We'll be done before 11.
So we're not going to go too late and be too loud.
But by the way, we're going to have we're going to have nachos.
It's a nacho part.
It's a fast and the furious party.
So Donald, if, if if you and your, your wife, Casey Cobb want to swing by,
this is wife's name, according to INDB.
Then we would love to have you.
We'd love to hear some stories on the set.
Would love to hear what it's like to work with John C. Reilly.
Anyway, that's just the invitation.
Just putting it out there.
It was nice to meet you, Donald Faison.
I have a, I would like to suggest this.
This person has to, the actress and, and I guess to some extent,
the actor who seems to be less well known.
But I think that it's different because you live so close to them.
I think that the best thing that you can do if you,
if you really care is to ignore them because they go around being recognized
and like they're in their day to day life constantly and their,
their home should be a sanctuary from that, I think.
And I think the best thing you could do is just give them privacy and not try to like,
I mean, if you see them, but like, I don't try to establish a connection.
You don't need to don't kick in the door.
Don't slide notes underneath there.
Big fan.
Justin, I'm not saying that when you see them,
you start snapping pictures and go, Oh my God, Oh my God, Oh my God.
And faint.
I'm saying like, imagine that they were just a normal person
who moved across the hallway and then follow your behavior appropriate.
There's no reason to ignore them.
Draco Travis, these are one in the same.
These are twain.
My normal behavior would be to ignore them.
My neighbor mowed my lawn.
You should totally treat them like that.
I don't, I'm saying that.
I don't think when you run into Donald Faison in the hallway,
you have to avert your eyes and say, I'm sorry.
I looked at you.
Mr. Faison, I'm sorry.
Oh, you burned, you burned my retinas.
You're so beautiful.
I should.
May I touch the hem of your garment?
Please, please, Mr. Faison.
Am I worthy?
Um, which I was here, it opens in theaters July 18th.
This is a new picture from Zach Braff.
It does have Donald Faison in it.
They're buddies in real life.
Getting it back together.
Oh, they're the next ones though.
Shit.
Which one's God going to take this, this friendship, this,
this cinematic friendship is too beautiful.
I know who I'm pulling for, but I don't want to say it.
It's Zach Braff, right?
I didn't want to say it.
I hope he does first before Faison and not because I hate Zach Braff.
I think he's wonderful.
Um, I just, I like Donald Faison more, I guess.
Um, guys, I know that I don't, uh, I kept this as a surprise for you.
I know, I know I don't prep for the show.
I don't, I'm not the one who-
That's not a surprise.
Okay.
I don't prep for the show, but I did prep for this episode.
I brought a special news story that I saw on CNN this morning when I was going over, uh,
my headlines.
I have a, and this is, this is-
Is it, is it, if you were sending this in an email to us, would it be re-Donald Faison?
No, there's no Donald Faison connection, but I think it is a story that you will, uh,
very much enjoy.
It is a, I'm going to tell you the headline and then we are going to see how long we can
read details and it remains funny, but here is the headline.
Are you ready?
I guess.
Are you sure?
I'm not sure because I know nothing about the scenario that you've-
Here is the headline on CNN.
Okay.
Cake boss gets lost in layer of fog.
Cake boss and friends lost in layer of fog.
Buddy cake boss Valisotra's gastronomical gifts were of little help when his 32 foot
Boston Whaler got lost in heavy fog in New York Harbor.
People were scared, cake boss told CNN of the harrowing journey Friday night with his
wife, another couple-
CNN, that's not how you credit a person.
I, I'm sorry, that was my, that was my editorial.
That was your attribution, okay.
I mean, it is easier to say than his last thing.
People were scared, cake boss told CNN of the harrowing journey Friday night with his
wife, another couple of-
The frosting on the boat started to melt off.
I didn't know which way to look.
Left, right.
I couldn't even see in front of me.
That's how fog do.
And then an angel appeared.
I can't see the city, said cake boss, who owned a boat for six years.
I'm thinking it's dark.
We wind up going into this deep, deep fog where you couldn't see 10 feet in front of
you.
We started to get really scared.
That's how he, he lost his mind on the boat.
He left a piece of himself out in the Atlantic, right?
And he was just like saying to his friend, he was like, somebody else had to take the
wheel from him because he was like one of those captains that loses their mind and just
like points their boat to the nearest rock.
Like, here's where our souls are going.
And he was just rocking back and forth, just saying, I can't see my city.
I can't see my, I can't see my city.
Okay.
Cake, cake boss can't see the city.
Just to put a capper on this, cake boss said a fire department vessel responded about 10
minutes after his distress call followed later by a police boat.
I want to bake them a cake.
He said, I want to do something good for them.
It's all I know.
He didn't even realize who I was until the end.
It was all business.
I'm not the kind of guy to say I'm the cake boss.
The cake boss.
You have to keep, keep me alive before everyone else.
I'm the cake boss.
The cake boss in distress made it.
They found him on a boat, a raft made of the human bodies of his friends that he took out.
He was lashed to the wheel.
Right.
Oh Jesus.
He said, my wife was flipping.
I couldn't pick a worse bunch of people to be on the boat stuck in the fog with.
Nobody kept their head on a swivel.
So just to be clear, if cake boss is ever in an emergency situation, the people he
definitely doesn't want there are his wife and his children.
So that's our news segment.
I was so excited.
Can I tell you something?
I was, I was, I was disappointed when I found out a boat was involved.
I had envisioned maybe a thick fog, maybe landed on the lower east side.
And he was like, wait, what the wait, fuck.
Am I in fourth now or oh fuck.
Oh fuck.
I can't see my city.
Cake boss, Mayday, cake boss in distress.
Oh man.
So anyway, that's our show.
My brother, my brother made it's an advice show or whatever.
We hope you've had a lot of fun.
We have an exciting, exciting, I guess, announcement, I guess.
I don't know if it's announcement.
Yeah.
Of the Gespert?
Yeah, we have a new Gespert coming up.
Donald Faison.
We're going to record this in a week.
So you have a week to submit questions to us for this Gespert.
You can send them to mbmbam at maximumfun.org and just put Gespert in the subject line.
Our guest is Elizabeth Gilbert, the author of Eat, Pray, Love and the Signature of All Things.
Like a real, she's like, that's a real ass awesome person.
She wrote my favorite book that I've read in like years, and she's going to be on the show.
So that's kind of crazy.
Here's OK.
She threw out a bunch of different subjects on which she could Gespert.
And here's some of my favorites books, getting them written.
Clests, basic creative encouragement, general goats, their lore and care.
Public speaking, 19th century botanical exploration.
OK, moving from town to town for no particular reason.
We got that one.
Yeah, optimism.
We already did that one.
Yeah, we've got that.
All due respect, Elizabeth Gilbert, we have got movie town to town for no particular reason covered.
I would say maybe books, maybe books and goats.
I say use any of those like any, whatever you want.
Have a question for Elizabeth Gilbert.
Elizabeth Gilbert, she is a listener to our show for reasons that defy explanation.
And she's going to be here with us.
So that's awesome.
What if the three of us, it's probably because the three of us each represent one of the ideals
in the Eat, Pray, Love trifecta.
Oh God, I'm eat, aren't I?
Yeah, you're totally, totally eat.
Justin, I think you're love and that leaves me with pray, which that leaves me with pray,
which makes I think makes a lot of sense.
Yeah, you're a very godly man.
Travis, I've been seeing some action on our YouTube channel.
Can you fill me in?
That's correct.
So, you know, we've been a little bit lazy about it and we are vowing to fix that.
So we've released a couple of videos just this last week.
Pop up videos, I've seen people call them.
Pop up videos.
I call them fun facts for, you know, copyright reasons.
But friend of the show, Jeremy Frank also recorded the 930 New York City live show.
So we're we're releasing clips of that.
And in case you listen to the last one, the audio quality is better on the video.
You'll really enjoy it.
We're also doing fun facts videos, just kind of releasing old episodes with fun facts about
the episodes, about us and about just random things.
So go check it out.
Go to our YouTube channel, MPMBAM.
Make sure you subscribe and then tell all your friends about it.
You know, hopefully everyone will like it.
And with the fun facts, it should be an easy way to get people who maybe don't listen to
podcast.
Yeah, we basically just want to get more full length episodes of the show on YouTube.
Just like make it as easy as possible for people to listen to it, however the hell they want.
Because you can share it at a specific point, too.
So if there's a specific event on one of those.
We actually, it'd be great.
What we need to do is time code those.
I know.
Well, we had the Wiki project.
Well, I mean, we didn't.
Somebody was working on a Wiki, but I don't think it ever reached completion.
Anyway, there's also the other stuff.
Twitter, MPMBAM on Twitter.
All of our names on Twitter will get you to us.
Facebook fan page has been popping off lately.
And the appreciation group, I'm sorry, has also been popping off.
You can find those.
Appreciation group, you have to request permission to join.
It's how we keep them spammers and haters out.
But we're usually pretty quick to admit people.
And am I forgetting any other social channel?
Well, I mean, our greatest source of publicity, our biggest advertisement is you listeners.
So, I mean, can we say our only advertiser, like we don't, our only advertiser is you.
So if you like the show and you've got a friend that you think would like it,
tell them about it, burn them a desk, send them a link, get them to listen to it.
Because that's the only way.
And you guys, I mean, really, we've grown over the years because of you guys and you've been awesome.
We haven't spent a red cent on advertising.
It's been, it's been fully grassroots.
And we don't thank you guys enough for that.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We love you.
We love you very much.
Thank you to John Roderick and the long winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
He was a recent guest on our show.
He's fucking fantastic.
You can also listen to him on Roderick on the line with Berlin man, another terrific podcast.
Speaking of terrific podcast, there's a lot on the maximum fun network you should be listening to.
Bullseye, Jordan, Jesse go, judge, John Hodgman, stop podcasting yourself, throwing shade.
Oh no, Ross and Carrie, the goose down, one bad mother, lady to lady, song, exploder, risk.
There's a fucking, there's a crazy.
Wow, really?
Oh yeah.
Saw bones.
Thank you.
I'm, you know, I just figure every, I mean, I, you did every other show on the goddamn network.
I look at your,
it's just an hour long commercial for solve, right? That's what I'm saying. I look at your
download. I'm only talking when I posted it.
So when I post you like one third of this episode, you will like one half of the solve.
I'm saying your show is as big as ours.
Now I'm saying everybody who's listening to the show is already listening to your show.
I bet I don't, I don't know that's accurate.
I'll see you're looking at also a special thing in our download numbers.
Yeah.
We're keeping repo also special.
Thanks to the nature box for supporting the show.
And being such a long time supporter of us, if you haven't gone and checked it out, go do that.
Now go to nature box.com slash my brother to get 50% off your first order.
Go now.
What are you waiting for?
You fools?
We're still working on getting the new merch up.
We've had people asking about it.
It's coming so soon.
You guys, I promise until then go ahead and check it out.
Cause we still have t-shirts and there's lots of other max fun stuff on there.
So if you're just itching to get something, go get a t-shirt and we'll put stuff up there as soon as
we can is really great.
There's past episodes.
We can is really great. There's patches.
There's buttons.
There's, uh, uh, two tote bags.
You're in review posters that are coming.
I didn't tell you that.
No, I saw him on, I saw him on, I went to Chris Grant's for fourth of July and he's got them
both hanging up.
They are fucking amazing.
Yeah.
Justin graded those.
You're going to lose your shit.
So, um, all right.
Thank you everybody again.
Thank you so much.
We love you.
We love you very, very much.
Um, this find out who is sending by Nicholas Wolf.
Thank you, Nicholas.
And thank you to everybody who's sending Yahoo's.
There's a lot of new contributors this week.
If you want to send those in, it's just, uh, our emails maximum.
We'll still only pick from the drew, but no, that's not true.
Um, it's, it's mbmbam at maximum fun.org.
If you want to get in touch with us.
Um, anyway, thank you, Nicholas Wolf.
It's by Yahoo answers user.
They have been suspended, but before they were plucked off this earth, they asked.
Has a baby ever went to jail?
I'm Travis mackerel.
I'm Griffin McElroy, my brother, my brother may kiss your dad on the lips.
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hi, my name's Dave and my name's Graham.
Now, what do we have to do to put you in a brand new podcast today?
Yeah.
What do you want me to drink bleach?
I'll do it.
Yeah.
Dave will drink.
If that's what it takes to get you to listen to stop podcasting yourself on maximum fun.org.
Don't make Dave drink bleach.
Just listen to the show.
He will, but don't make them stop podcasting yourself.
