If you change your mind on the first in line Honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around If you got no place to go when you're feeling down
If you're all alone when the pretty birds have flown in Jason Derulo, take a chance on me
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around
I made her mine, a bounty of flesh
I will poke holes in the top
I'll put a twig in there, some leaves, don't even worry about it
As far as the signs you're looking for
Sugar water
Who is the founder of acting?
I would really like to know who is the founder of acting
I would really like to know who is the founder of acting
A poet named Thespis in 534 BC became the first person to play a part on stage.
Jim Barney revolutionized it though. He perfected it.
It's like how the Chinese may have invented fireworks, but I guess the Chinese perfected fireworks too.
We perfected blowing our hands off.
This one also comes from FormSpring. Hey guys, just wondering what the word cute means. I hear women use the word in conversation all the time and I am more and more confused about its true meaning given its multitude of uses.
It means chubby. Sorry son.
Chubby, but you got a great personality on you.
Just substitute cute with non-threatening and that's exactly what it means. He's so cute means he's so non-threatening.
And by non-threatening it means you don't know what she means when she says cute. That's non-threatening for you.
That's the definition of non-threatening. Hey, I got a little piece of advice for you, Prom King.
Next time you're around someone who says cute, flip a table. Just flip a table. See if they keep calling you cute.
Was that adorable? Was that so so cute? And then just make love to them right there.
They will not fight.
Flip the table back over. And if they do fight, just make them yours.
They won't do you. They're your property.
So Adam has a problem. Adam wrote to us from Gmail. He says, my friend doesn't seem to fully grasp the point of the Would You Rather game.
He poses questions such as, would you rather be able to leap over tall buildings or have the ability to hear babies crying anywhere?
OK, let me just take a tea right here. A big tea sack right here and say, that's a terrible power. Anywhere a newborn is distressed.
Do you know what your days would be like? Just constantly from dusk till dawn, wake up to slumber.
Not ever sleep. Sound of millions of babies crying.
Keep reading the question because I like the second one better.
Or would you rather be on fire or not be on fire?
I want to read this guy. How can I teach him the proper way to play or is he a lost cause?
Adam, I think, man, I think you got to jettison that one into the sun.
Yeah, maybe he's just not allowed to play that game anymore. Maybe not that game.
Maybe another one. Maybe he's really good at checkers. Be able to breathe underwater or have Lyme disease.
Would you rather win the lottery or be raped by a gorilla?
Would you rather find a crisp, clean one hundred dollar bill or watch an elderly loved one be pushed on a flight of stairs?
It is up to you. The choice, my friend, is yours. One for the ages, a puzzler for ages.
Would you rather have a credit card that you never had to pay back?
OK, sounds good so far. Or no teeth or no teeth.
Well, can I have both or just just the one one or the other or the other?
I guess I could get those those middle teeth like the guy from James Bond.
There you go. I can't I can't decide. I can't decide.
It's a toughie. This this one comes from Socrates via Gmail.
He says, So I was planning on getting a tattoo on my shoulder, but I'm starting to notice that everyone has one there.
I have this thing about trying to be unique. So could you tell me another spot I could get inked?
I have one on my right elbow if that matters.
Your sack. Travis says sack. Travis has a good sack.
But Travis Travis is Travis has attacked. I was going to make a joke.
None of us have tattoos on our shoulders, but you've got no I have a tattoo on my shoulder blade.
I don't have one on like my actual shoulder. I have one on my scapula.
Thanks, Bones. But not on my actual like shoulder.
Did you just thank your bones? No, I think the show the show bones.
No, you're not going to turn another Mamba Bam. You're not going to turn another Mamba into a Bones fan cast.
That's fair. Borey honest circle jerk. I don't know.
He's so dreamy. But I actually have four right now. Justin, you got two. Griffin, you got one.
Mm hmm. As far as placement goes, dude, everyone's got tattoos everywhere.
You want to be original. Don't get one. Yeah, you're not going to come up with a place like, well, what's original inside the lip.
Yeah, everyone's got that behind your ear. Everyone's got that back your neck. Everyone's got that.
Go eyelid. Get with that. That girl in Indiana Jones. Oh, yeah.
Has that written on our eyelids. Do that. I don't think that's I don't think that's a tattoo, though.
Culturally. Oh, shit. It's not a tattoo, Griffin. It seemed like kind of a she had a crush on her teacher.
And so she wrote it. Oh, is that fine? You know, I thought you had to start listening to the band tattoo.
Oh, yeah. Oh, oh, I always wanted to get a a tattoo of tattoo from Fantasy Island.
And yeah, lifting up his shirt and he would have a tattoo of the band tattoo.
So there you go. Get that. Get that. Well, I'll give you one hundred dollars.
That's I'll give you one hundred dollars. I think we could probably get you a guest spot on the show if you if you get a tattoo tattoo tattoo.
I have I've had several people ask about guest spots doing a guest spot on the show, and I don't think they understand the premise of the show.
My brother, my brother and me and Dave Coulier.
My brother, my brother and me and the cast of Hairspray.
I know. Well, just just three of us actually. It's kind of a thing that we do.
It's the deal. Also, what this show needs more of is over talk.
I think I think we could all use for a little bit more. Everyone talking at once.
This next question comes from Evan versus Gmail.
You guys remember when Evan fought Gmail, that one thought was totally awesome.
Evan says, I, like many, belong to a group of friends. One of the friends in this group found a guy and started dating him.
They're currently living together. No one else in the group likes this guy, but now he's always around wherever whenever she is.
And he doesn't have any other friends either. So we're expected to spend his birthday with him.
The group has asked me specifically to not be mean to him because she is the other friend's boyfriend and we don't want to push her out of the group.
Evan didn't actually ask a question here. Evan just told us that neat little anecdote.
That's a great story, Evan. Yeah, I like the part about the birthday.
Do you remember that one scene where he doesn't have any other friends and they're expected to spend his birthday with him?
Yeah, that's pretty good. Evan, Evan, you didn't ask for advice, but let me give you some.
Just be cool. Just be cool, dog. Just be cool, man.
Everyone at some point, I think, has to deal with this, right? Yeah, it'll shake out eventually, though.
Like that seems to be the way. I mean, either he'll realize he's not welcome and peel off or, you know, you guys will get to know him.
But that's a tough... It could be that your group of friends is super tight-knit, right?
And maybe it's not that this guy sucks. It's that you're not willing to let new people in.
Or maybe he's super shy, which just adds to the situation. So I think you should maybe give the guy, you know, a second chance.
Maybe try and get to know him. He's not so bad.
Now, here's the thing. Counterpoint to that. If he's a real douche, like if he's just not interesting, that's one thing.
But if he, like, is being a jerk and, you know, is mean to this friend and you guys, like, specifically actually don't like him, that's another thing.
And that's worthy of you being mean right back. Don't you take his guff.
Yeah, no. I'm behind you, Evan. Don't set it off. Don't set it off because that's going to be on you.
That's on you, then. And that's my fault. I'm sorry, guys.
Yeah, well, you don't have to live with the repercussions. It's okay, T-Bag. You just got a little...
T-Sack, sorry. T-Sack, you just got a little aggravated. T-Sack out.
We have a strict anti-insta-hating policy, NBNBAM, and I would appreciate it if you'd respect that.
Respect. Open question from Yahoo Answers user DeepThinkingWhatTheFuckGirl.
She says, Pol, would you sleep with a Navi if you could? Or Navi, sorry. Navi, one of the blue-skinned peeps from Avatar.
Man, that's tough because who could... I mean, I'm assuming you would be in the world of the Avatar. Who could sleep with all that fucking glowing shit and natural beauty?
Wouldn't you just want to get up and scamper? I wouldn't want to close my eyes.
Who could close their eyes? I wouldn't blink. I would just drain... There's a glowing mosquito and it's three feet long. This is so much better than doing it.
Way better than doing it. Why would you waste your time?
What's a Navi? A Navi is like the big blue people. The big blue people with the hair.
You didn't see Avatar?
No, I didn't see Avatar.
Congratulations. Oh, cool. I'm on the podcast with the two guys left on planet Earth who didn't see Avatar.
I mean, it's not a good movie, so I mean, good on you.
Do you want to know why I didn't see it?
Tell me.
Because of shit like this, one of the answers was from a guy named Warriors Pride whose avatar is an avatar or a Navi.
Oh, God. He says, Yes, I would sleep with myself. I sleep with a mirror.
You can sleep with me if you want, but my tail does things involuntarily like go towards areas that make humans uncomfortable.
It's a Navi thing.
Wait, let's get that last line again.
My tail does things involuntarily like go towards areas that make humans uncomfortable.
It's a Navi thing.
It's a Navi thing. You wouldn't understand.
You wouldn't get it. A Navi understand the science of walnut pleasures.
You wouldn't understand. Get that tail off my walnut.
That's the most awkward thing, because I truly believe that that gentleman believes he's answering that question legitimately.
You know, he's got like a giant bucket of blue paint and every morning he wakes up and just...
Griffin, your judgment has bothered me. It's a Navi thing, man.
How could you get it? You couldn't get it?
The reason I didn't see the movie isn't because I'm afraid I'd encounter people like this.
What if I became one?
What if you did?
You mean what if you got to live on a beautiful, beautiful forest planet and got to just fucking swing from trees all day?
Right, but the planet is in my mind because I actually live in butt shit Ohio.
But it would be in my mind. I would be dancing.
I would be, you know, tripping the light fantastic on planet giant blue aliens.
Hey, Griffin, did the next line of that answer was it?
Oh, sorry, I got to go. My attractive wife and kids just walked in the room.
Is that the next thing?
That's actually exactly. Yeah, that's how it ended.
So here's a question from FormSpring.
It's anonymous, as most FormSpring questions are.
What is the best way to approach people who are almost your acquaintances, but not quite?
Like you've talked to them a couple of times, but you barely know their names.
Sadly, most of our relationships with people are like that. OK, good one.
I actually have a trick that I use.
Stand near them until they get upset.
Stand near them, creep your way in.
No, work as a team. Get someone like a good friend or a girlfriend or a boyfriend or whatever.
And tell that person ahead of time, listen, if I don't introduce you, it's because I've forgotten this person's name.
And introduce yourself like I am being a bad friend, boyfriend, girlfriend to you.
Like, well, I'm Susan. What was your name?
And it's like, oh, yeah, sorry.
And then you can learn their name again.
I don't think he's asking or she is asking how how to remember people's names.
I think he's just saying he barely knows their names.
He needs to take it to the next step.
I like the idea of a friendship wingman, though.
Yeah, it works out really well.
You know what I'm saying?
Like a guy can be like, you can have a conversation with somebody near somebody that you don't know.
But you're friends with your friendship wingman.
And you can talk about something that you know that person's interested in.
And then suddenly the line becomes a triangle.
You know what I'm saying? A friendship triangle.
Find out something that they're interested in.
Like you said that you barely know their names.
And that is a huge first step.
If you address somebody by their name.
Dale Carnegie says that everyone's favorite sound in the English language is the sound of their own name.
As a stone fact.
Learn their name. Use it a lot.
They're going to warm up to you pretty quickly.
And then find out something they're interested in and ask them about it.
If you don't know what they're interested in, use the environment that you're in.
If you are at a party, at a show, at a concert, reference what is going on around you.
Ask if they're having a good time.
Jeffrey, how did you get to this concert, Jeffrey?
What would you say, Jeffrey?
Jeffrey, what's your favorite Dave Matthews song, Jeffrey?
Jeffrey, how do you enjoy being the butler for the Fresh Prince of Bel Air, Jeffrey?
I love Jeffrey Matthews Band.
What did I do, Jeffrey?
I just put that in, Jeffrey.
Jeffrey, I didn't mean to say that, Jeffrey.
And then your best friends.
And then your best friends. Just like that.
Say their name a lot and then the first time you meet them say,
Hey, nice to meet you, Jeffrey. You want to go to a wine tasting with me, Jeffrey?
Jeffrey, let's look at houses.
Jeffrey, it'll be like that movie Sideways, Jeffrey.
Jeffrey, let's go to look at open houses, Jeffrey.
I bought us matching sweaters, Jeffrey.
Jeffrey, let's wear these matching sweaters, Jeffrey.
Let's go for a wine tasting in the country.
Jeffrey, hug me, Jeffrey.
Come to my villa for a weekend, Jeffrey.
Your villa?
No, they rolled the double L's.
Come on, Jeffrey.
My Jeffrey and I recently discovered the website Chatroulette.
Now she's on it for several hours a day.
I'm worried due to the high percentage of disgusting things and weird people on it.
Is this warranted?
Yep, she's looking at dicks.
Okay, not your dick though, Jeffrey.
Some strange dicks on the internet.
Jeffrey, she's looking at dicks. I'm sorry.
I don't know if you use Chatroulette. It's literally half dick.
You can come up with whatever you want.
Oh, that dude's playing the guitar.
Oh, there's a dick.
Where did that dick come from?
The reason you get on Chatroulette is either to show your prong to strangers
or if you're in a large group of people and you've all had a few drinks
and so you're just scanning the internet on Chatroulette
hoping that you'll see a dick so you can all laugh at it.
You're like, how crazy is this dick?
I didn't want to see that.
Check out that dick. What the fuck?
It's so good that we all saw that dick together.
Jeffrey, get over here and look at this dick, Jeffrey.
I think the bigger problem is that it's because of anomalies like herself
that there are guys showing off their wangs on Chatroulette.
Every one out of 20, there's that one girl who's like, ah, dicks.
Also, dude, I want to point out, if your girlfriend's on Chatroulette
several hours a day, there's some reevaluating needs to go on there
because that's hours, dude. Hours.
Baby dinners? I made dinner tonight.
I'm on Chatroulette. Back off.
I'm looking at waiters.
This red cabbage took me two hours to prepare and season correctly.
This guy's been seasoning his sausage for three minutes now.
Maybe we're late for grandpa Pa's funeral.
I'm on Chatroulette.
Bang. Bang.
Here's one from Yahoo Answers.
I don't want any answers from us on it because it's kind of a creepy question,
but I think the answers are better than the question itself.
The question is, do you know any good songs to have sex to?
Kind of creepy, right?
Here's some of the responses.
Let's get it on, Marvin Gaye. Sure.
Doin' It by LL Cool J.
Okay. A little on the nose for me.
A Thousand Years by Sting.
Not familiar with the track, but if it's by Sting, then...
I bet it's a long...
It's a thousand years.
Beat It by Michael Jackson.
Well, I'm not so sure about that.
Eminem, Superman.
Well... Okay.
Yeah, why not?
It's a little more circumspect.
Nelly, Hot in Here.
Well, okay, now the train's gone off the tracks.
That's some weird bedroom activities, if you're listening to Hot in Here.
That song's way too... It's got it too heavy a beat.
50 Cent, In the Club.
Well... Maybe late till you get home.
Wake Me Up Before You Go Go.
Anything by Kid Rock, Nickelback, and Aerosmith.
Slow by Jamie Foxx.
Well, okay.
The problem with that is...
Nothin' on the Radio, Gettin' You Home. Why don't we just dance?
I don't know what that means.
Is it a lyric?
Ahh...
Why Don't We Get Drunk and Screwed by Jimmy Buffett? Good one.
No...
H on our Puffin' Stuff is Yahoo! Entertainment's name.
Son of a Sailor, that's a great one.
Cheeseburger in Paradise?
Yes.
Anything off Boats.
His seminal 1981 album, Boats.
I'm actually...
You gotta pick one song. It's gotta be Amazing Grace, right?
Gotta be Amazing Grace.
But only the first two verses.
We've got an anonymous question from a Form Spring user.
I'm a software developer at a local semiconductor company.
The pay and benefits are awesome, but the job isn't challenging.
Should I look for a more interesting job or stay and keep making a lot of money but be really bored?
What are you shitting me?
Where's that money, dawg?
Dude, the pay and benefits are awesome.
Get that money.
Get that money and then you can spend that.
Do you want challenge? Do a Sudoku.
What's wrong with you?
Have you seen the way the economy is now?
Just keep that money and get it.
Get that money till you're rich.
Yeah, dude.
Don't make that green.
Do it with one hand tied behind your back.
Also, I just want to throw out right here.
You work with stuff called semiconductors.
That's awesome.
Maybe pay attention. It sounds dangerous.
Swap the answer to gravity field for an EMP pulse generator.
If I flip the wrong switch, I destroy reality.
No problem.
Pretty boring.
We're just trying to recreate the power of a star on Earth.
We're just trying to find the God element.
It's not challenging.
Pass me that Sudoku, Jeffrey.
Did you read today's Dilbert?
Oh, man.
God, in this machine, this tube, this supercollider.
But this Dilbert's really good.
I think...
Supercollider or semiconductor?
A semiconductor is a common part used in a supercollider.
It's what shoots the two things that collide into each other.
I took one semester of...
Well, it was geography.
It was my integrated science class.
But you minored in semiconductor, right?
That is true.
No, sociology. They sound similar.
That was it. My bad.
But they are not.
What is the best way to get past the friend zone with a lady friend?
Can't be done.
Gotta move in faster. Not at all.
Once you're in the friend zone, you don't ever get out.
Unless...
Unless...
You're in the friend zone because they're dating one of your friends.
Mmm.
I'm not condoning that kind of activity.
Unless...
Unless you are.
Unless you feel that call.
You feel that call of chemistry.
She'd be better with you than him.
Yeah, he's always in there listening to Jamie Foxx songs.
Are they trying to knock boots?
You'd play Do It It by LL Cool J, something proper.
Something smooth like Amazing Grace.
You know, it's funny to me. We keep getting questions like,
how do I move out of the friend zone?
How do I know when someone actually wants a relationship with me?
You know the question is, my brother and me doesn't get a lot.
Like, I'm in a relationship with several women.
How do I terminate one of them and just get some more friends?
I just have women calling me every day, and I am sick of it.
But my answer to all of these questions is, for some reason,
I don't think there's a secret code.
And there's body language to look for.
And there's certain combinations of words to look for.
Just ask them.
Just grow a pair and be like, hey, listen, I dig you.
What is this?
And then don't let that change your friendship.
Or if it does, then you need to make the decision which is more important.
I think this is such a modern thought.
I think you should just, like Travis said, just caveman it up.
Give me date. Be good.
Let's do this.
Because they want it too.
Nobody wants to be friends with a person.
And I understand the fear that comes from, like, I don't want to push this.
I get it, but here's the thing.
And this is kind of a different way of looking at it.
Maybe it'll help you.
If you're thinking this way, you're not in the friend zone.
Okay? She is. You're not.
You're not in the friend zone.
And the reason that you're, like, if you're friends with somebody,
a lot of times, being friends with somebody of the opposite sex,
and I know everybody's done this, so they can't act like they can't, they don't,
but I've been friends with somebody of the opposite sex
who I think maybe kind of digs me because it makes me feel good about myself.
Everyone's done it.
Please don't think I'm a bad person.
Everybody does it.
And I've been on the receiving end of that too.
If that's not working out for you,
if that connection isn't getting it done for you,
you need to just pony up because, like, at this point,
the point you're at now psychologically,
you can't worry about losing the friendship because psychologically,
you already have because you're out of the friend zone.
You are past the friend zone. You're not there anymore.
And the thing is, don't fool yourself into thinking they don't know that you dig them.
Right.
People are very smart and pick up on stuff like that every day.
They know that you do.
You know, maybe you touch their shoulder a little bit too long
or you've been complimenting them more than you have in the past,
but people pick up on that dude.
So she probably knows that,
and her failure to reciprocate back tells you you're not gonna move out of that.
Or just ask, if it doesn't pan out, bail.
I mean, bail on, not bail on the friendship, bail on worrying about it as a relationship.
Or you will ruin the friendship.
Yeah. Let me call back to an answer we frequently give out to queries like this,
which is, just get more attractive.
Just be more attractive.
Maybe go do some pull-ups.
Maybe do some pull-ups, work your core.
Just work that core, blast it.
Blast your core out, pump up on some peck juice,
and then I'm guessing it's gonna be so much easier to get past the friend zone.
It's gonna be a lot easier.
It's gonna be hard for her to stay in the friend zone when she's in the bone zone.
Am I right, Nellis?
My man Matt, he writes to us from Gmail.
He says he's currently looking for a new job.
What are some excuses he could use to leave his current job early to go on interviews?
If he goes to any more doctor's appointments,
they're going to think something seriously is wrong with me.
You're all at just appointments.
Yeah.
That's a kind of doctor.
Okay, that's true.
He's panning appointments.
It's alright, T-Sach.
He just got a little really aggressive.
Oh man, that's a good question.
How many interviews are you going on that are panned out that this is a problem?
You may just want to stick with that job.
Maybe just keep that job.
Maybe you are not suited for other jobs.
Let's give him some serious real help because we're three creative types.
We can come up.
I'm working on something in my mind.
I haven't fully developed it, but it involves psychic powers.
Maybe say you have psychic powers and you sense that there's going to be a horrible catastrophe,
but really sell it so that everyone else actually thinks you could get the whole office to leave.
Then when you come in the next morning, be like, it wasn't today.
It wasn't yesterday, but it's definitely coming soon.
I feel it in my bones.
It may be time for lupus.
Maybe time for lupus.
I don't like to break glass in case of emergency on lupus too often, but maybe time to fake lupus.
He says that, he means that very, very literally because Justin has a vial of lupus that he keeps nearby
in case he needs to be sick for a long, long time.
I will give you this caution, Matt.
If any of those businesses or places that you're going to interview for call your current employer for a reference
or anything like that, you're effed, dude.
Yeah.
House of cards just comes tumbling down.
Yeah.
Watch out for that.
How would you describe Matt as a worker?
Well, he was a great worker, but his productivity slowed down pretty significantly when he got that lupus.
What?
When he got that what?
I'm sorry.
What did he say?
The lupus that he has.
That he definitely, definitely has that no one would lie about.
He definitely had that lupus.
I saw his wheelchair.
He's messed up with the lupus.
The doctor's for sure of it.
I definitely have breast cancer.
They're curing that every day.
Yeah, so maybe don't lie.
Wesley.
He says, recently my wife and I wanted another dog.
I wanted to adopt an older dog like we had before, but she wanted a puppy, so we got a puppy.
Well, there it is, right?
Now she complains about the work involved with the puppy and complains about the puppy peeing in the house.
Is it appropriate to say, I told you so, or should I remain quiet when she complains?
Oh, dude, that fixes nothing.
Yeah, don't.
Don't play the I told you so game, man.
It fixes nothing.
They know.
Trust me.
Don't play that.
Oh, don't do it.
I can't give you a strong enough recommendation.
Don't do that.
I can give you some real world puppy advice.
Travis, professional dog trainer.
You've wandered right, right into his right.
The question between an older dog and a puppy, there are benefits to both.
The benefit of getting a puppy versus an older dog is it is easier to train on a puppy the way that you want it to be where older dogs,
any behavior problems or more ingrained and harder to train out.
And it won't die as quickly.
Older dogs usually come more docile and with less house training problems.
But a puppy is going to grow out of that in like four months.
It's not going to be a problem anymore.
And now you have this puppy that you can train to be the kind of dog you want fresh, easier.
You know, I'm just full of vitality and life.
You know, my problem with old dogs is not Martin Lawrence.
I really thought his character was underdeveloped.
No, that's wild hogs, you liar.
What you're thinking of the wrong old hogs.
Wait, wild hogs.
What is it?
I did. I choked.
You're right.
Old dogs is a.
Old dogs is Robin Williams.
Robin Williams and so Scientologist named his son.
He named his son after an airplane.
By extension, it did not have Martin Lawrence.
Yes.
No, that's true.
What Justin said was completely accurate.
OK.
Also, I'm sorry for making fun of Jethro Volta.
He's passed and that was that was beneath me.
That's true.
So Andrew from Gmail asks.
You're going to read questions?
And now he.
Yeah, I know. It's weird, right?
What are some ways to help build motivation for things like studying and working on personal projects?
I didn't like that.
I wish you would do that in the future.
Damn it.
I wish you would leave it to me and Justin.
I just I got caught up in the moment.
Right, right.
I get it.
I get how it happens.
It's just immediately uncomfortable.
That was my bad.
Listen, that's all on TSAC.
That's how TSAC does, though.
That's how I roll.
You know what, Andrew?
Go take a shower.
Oh, yeah.
Go take a shower.
I've been I've been making myself shower.
I'm actually 13 minutes past two for my shower.
I've been doing my noon shower and like I'll work and I'll write a bit in the morning and then like I'll feel my energy start to start to be sapped from me by some unseen force and I'll just go hop in the shower and then I get it's like the second cup of coffee.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Oh, also coffee.
Lots and lots of coffee.
That helps.
But mostly just showers because showers are great because they also keep you clean.
I also like to operate in a clean environment.
That being said, I usually don't get a lot of stuff done.
Bullshit, sir.
That's why I don't get anything done.
People are like, why didn't you get anything done?
Because I didn't clean my room.
I didn't get anything done because there's a four month old bowl of salsa sitting right next to my computer mouse.
It's sitting right there.
Are you talking about me, sir, or are you talking about yourself?
Oh, we don't want to have this fight, do we?
Yeah, we're not doing this, guys.
Kyle writes in, he says, I have a problem with taking girls, talking to girls, taking girls.
He has a problem with making them his.
Making them mine.
I have a problem with talking to girls that I'm interested in.
I keep putting in jars and I don't know what to do about it.
I have a problem with talking to girls that I'm interested in.
I can never gather up enough courage to ask them out, which leads me to worry about it and develop anxiety attacks.
I don't have a problem with talking to ladies in committed relationships or females that I'm not interested in.
I'll help me out, please.
Kyle, dude, you're psyching yourself out.
You know that thing you hear where it's like once you get married, you know, that's when girls all find you attractive?
It's not being married.
It's not giving a shit.
Yeah, it's that confidence.
I say you start dating girls you're not interested in.
Okay.
If you have no problem with talking to them, go with that.
Yeah, that's a great idea.
That's a great life plan.
Nothing bad could come of that.
Yeah.
That explains so much, Travis.
Sorry, tea sack.
Tea sack.
That's tea sack.
That's not Travis.
Let's separate.
Kyle, as far as that goes, Justin's right.
You're psyching yourself out.
You're just getting yourself down, dude, and just talk to them like you're not interested in them.
Go take a shower and then just caveman it up.
I'm telling you.
I'm telling you.
That's not a joke.
If I'm at a bar and I'm too nervous to talk to a girl, I just flip the caveman switch.
It's like, hey, you look nice.
You buy a drink.
We dance now.
We dance now to the flamenco music.
Okay.
First off, maybe you're not going to flamenco bars.
That's the place to go to meet ladies.
Oh, my God.
You would not believe how successful I've been strip mining at flamenco bars for ladies.
Kyle, you have to tell yourself this is a mental block.
The problem with this is solely on you.
If you start thinking to yourself, you know how it's easier for you to talk to girls in a committed relationship, right?
Start telling yourself in your head that you are in a committed relationship, that no matter what you do,
you don't want to meet a girl to go out with.
You want to meet a girl to just say hi, just to talk to a girl at a bar.
Because I know that thing.
When you're single, you turn to like the Terminator, right?
You got the hood, and every girl you look at is like, you know, isn't into me.
I don't like her coat.
You know, you're analyzing every girl, and you just got to let that go.
It's a mental block.
Let it go.
Just go talk to her.
She's not always going to be wearing that coat.
She might get a new coat.
She might get a new coat.
Just pretend.
A real nice seersucker.
Tell yourself.
Seersucker?
Seersucker?
What?
Yeah, seersucker.
Tell yourself you're in a committed relationship.
Pretend that you're in a committed relationship, and just go for it.
Because what you're trying to do is get someone who doesn't know you at all to accept you
in a few minutes.
And that's not going to get you anywhere.
Just go talk to people to be talking to them.
And if that doesn't help, prostitution.
A lot of law enforcement turns a blind eye these days.
Hugh Grant's doing it.
He's down.
What's up?
Not a good enough for you?
A Hugh Grant.
That was a big shot.
What?
Well, isn't there anybody more relevant?
Hasn't Charlie Sheen probably been busted for that?
Yeah.
I think he's done that pretty recently.
Jordan from Gmail.
When is the right time to move out?
He's 20 years old now.
I'm going to assume it's a he.
21 on the Monday this podcast comes out.
Happy birthday.
Happy birthday, Jordan.
You did it, Jordan.
Yeah.
Boost it up, son.
Have one on me.
Boost it up.
Did you say boost it up?
Send that receipt to Griffin.
He will reimburse you with a perpetual check.
And attending college with a commute of one hour total a day to school.
That sounds miserable.
That's terrible.
Yeah.
That's awful, dude.
Lastest podcast time, though.
Loyal customer.
I hope to be done with school soon, but hope to be taking a follow-up online course that
will last around 18 months.
If you can lay out some sort of timetable on when it's appropriate to depart the nest,
I'd be much obliged.
I don't have much money right now, but I do live in Canada where hugs are currency.
Thanks in advance, Jordan.
Jordan, you're 20 years old now.
I'm going to say the timetable is two years ago.
I'm not sure how you can make that happen, but if you can find some sort of...
I will say this, Jordan.
When living at home stops your life from developing, it's time to move out.
So two years ago.
I do want to...
Okay.
If you're someone who lives at home to this age to 20, maybe 21, perhaps 22, make sure
you have some money together because if you can stay there and get together a nest egg,
go do that and get together enough money that you're not going to be like dying or starving
to death.
But I know it's intimidating if you haven't done all the stuff.
If you haven't signed the lease and looked for the apartment and done all that garbage,
but it's really look around at you, look around at the stupid, awful people that you meet
every day who you still love because that's what makes the world go round.
But they're stupid and terrible.
Remember that they have done all this stuff that you are intimidated by, assuming that
you're intimidated by it.
And that's kind of what it is because it's not that hard.
Just make sure you have a steady income and specifically, though, doing the things like
setting up your gas and crap like that.
It's really not, not complicated.
And the nice thing is once you start doing it, it's really empowering.
It really does feel good to be like, I set up that electric account and it really is
makes you feel like an adult, a great feeling.
Just get out there and start trying it.
Also it might help if you ask friends if anybody needed a roomie to kind of ease in that way.
Who's already handling all this stuff or brothers, brothers.
But as far as the timetable goes, don't rush yourself because you don't want to do it when
you're not ready and you're not prepared and you don't have the money.
But you know, there's no reason to wait.
You're not really doing anything.
Take the leap.
Hey, did you ask?
Did you ask Jeffrey if you needed a roommate?
Jeffrey Jeffrey Jeffrey.
We should move in together.
Jeffrey, we've just met Jeffrey, but it's a one bedroom apartment, but it's awfully
spacious Jeffrey, Jeffrey, how do you feel about bunk beds, Jeffrey?
I've got a California king bed.
I promise we won't touch Jeffrey.
Jeffrey, will you hold me during the thunderstorms, Jeffrey, it's hailing, Jeffrey, the black
clouds are rolling in Jeffrey, Jeffrey, let us buy a puppy together.
Jeffrey Jeffrey.
We'll name him Jeffrey.
Jeffrey.
Let's go shopping at the local market.
Jeffrey to draw Jeffrey.
So I've got my final question loaded up on Yahoo! and it's been about 40 minutes.
So let's so let's tell how nice people can can get ahold of us.
Can I just say can we just say thank you to everybody?
Thank you.
We've had 10,000 downloads this week, 10k downloads this week.
The show's blowing up.
Everybody loves it.
Do me a favor.
Listen, I'm just I'm just saying nonsense.
Not everybody loves it, though, because a lot of people aren't listening.
If you can believe that they're missing out on this.
How many people are on the planet right now?
Too many.
Don't keep your eyes.
Don't keep your eyes under a bushel.
Just you know what you can do?
You can burn it on a CD.
It's a short show.
You can burn maybe two episodes on a CD disk, have a little listening party, whatever.
This is great.
And then you can talk about your favorite parts and you can give each other advice.
That's what I want to I want to start up like I want us to start like a pay it forward style
like right social movement where we change like a cult, like cult cult, but do please
tell a friend.
Tell somebody just just right now don't think about it.
Send them a link.
Say, hey, I think you'd like this because anybody would know what if you're a fan and
you haven't subscribed to us on iTunes yet.
Please do that.
That was really review us on iTunes.
That helps a lot.
And we really appreciate it.
And I can't pressure people too much because people have been so great so far.
Everybody has seriously.
And also we got to thank Justin Russo again for for creating tons of great art.
If you haven't seen been on our Facebook group and looked at his image for my walnut is a
temple you need to make you laugh.
What do you think the image for this episode is going to be?
I don't know.
It's going to be hard.
I think it's going to be it's going to be Jeffrey based Jeffrey centric.
So that is a and as far as how to contact us goes go to MB MB am dot com and it's all
on there.
We have so far Gmail website form spring.
Any of those are great ways to contact us.
Email us at email us at MB MB am at Gmail dot com.
We'll get that and we'll read it and use it if it's if it's just not dumb.
Don't be dumb.
We've got tweets with MB MB am and the hashtag and just people quoting stuff from the show
or remember you can ask questions that way though I understand if you want to keep your
questions private.
A lot of Huntingtonians up on that show.
Yeah.
People are down.
I think I think that's where our first live live up is going to be I think some place
in.
We'll get a sensei someplace people will actually go but guys thank you for finding 40 minutes
to listen to us.
I really appreciate it.
And and we're we're so happy you could come out.
So so so please so pleased Yahoo answers user B just letter B says smoke coming from my
belly button.
I'm Justin McElroy I'm Travis McElroy I'm Griffin McElroy and this has been my brother
my brother and me.
You will never know me.
I was lying in bed and my mom turned out the light it was about 10 p.m. and as the light
was turned out I thought I heard someone speak and say oh about 30 minutes later my belly
felt warm.
I looked under the duvet and saw a little light coming from my belly button on closer
inspection I thought I saw something fly out and leave my duvet I pushed my belly button
and a bit of smoke came out.
What the fuck just happened.
This was not a dream and has left me utterly confused.
