The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Inrich, don't you approve? Is that the song you're going with?
One who's just running around, one who can't move.
Let me throw this out. Let me throw this song out.
Where are the clowns? Okay, now try this song on. Are you ready?
As we go on, we remember all the times we had together.
This is it. I couldn't remember the rest of the song.
It definitely doesn't spiral off into whatever that Zelda menu music you were just doodling.
That was pop and circumstance, I think. What song would you like to sing, Griffin?
Just when I'd stopped opening doors. Justin has it on the nose.
Finally knowing the one that I wanted was yours.
Making my entrance again with my usual flair. Sure of my lies.
It's a little bit masturbatory, this introduction so far.
No one is there. It feels like those episodes of Quantum Leap
where Scott Bakula would jump into Elvis and be like, just because you wanted to sing.
Losing my timing this late in my career. It says in my writer,
Donald Bellisario, I get four singing episodes this season.
Where are the clowns? Quick.
Big finish. Send in the clowns.
Oh, fuck it. Don't bother.
They are on fire. I haven't heard the song.
We're here. The clowns. My brother, my brother and me.
Don't need to send us in. We're here. Episode 200. It's huge.
Can we not play it up like we made all these big grand plans for the old-
We have a special guest star. Larry the Cable Guy.
Hey, hell yeah, get her done. All right, brothers.
Thanks so much for having me. Get her done.
I want to say hello to all them little pygmy children out there.
Lord, I apologize. Get her done, data salad.
Yeah, your side. I have been confused.
We are Hivemind now. We are one of the blue-collar comps
who are fused into one man. We fell on a big pit of comedy acid
and now we're just a big gelatinous blob of country idioms.
Get her done, salad. I'm Larry the Fox High Decker
and I'm here to tell you that get her done, son.
Please kill me. Please set me free from-
I've got seven arms. My mortal pain.
I'm in a flesh prison, y'all. I'm in a prison of flesh.
I have no mouth, but I must screen get her done.
Listen, we didn't do- It seems like a good episode to start with.
It seems like it's pretty good so far.
If you wanted to get somebody on board with the show,
this seems like the one that you would tell them to jump on with.
Episode 200. We have passed actually last month,
without comment, our four-year anniversary.
Oh, wow. 2010 is when this whole crazy journey got started.
And when will it end, Justin? When will it end?
December 12th, 2016, along with all of the rest of creation.
So mark it down.
That dude was so close. And by that dude,
I mean the entire Mayan culture, I guess.
Their whole- Their whole sort of thing.
We're saving the juice for 500. We're not even fucking halfway there.
500? We'll destroy 500. We will have special guests.
We will get Billy Crystal.
We will have jet packs.
We will have jet packs.
We'll get Billy Crystal over to our studio with a jet pack.
I don't know what's more unlikely in that scenario,
that A, we will somehow get a hold of Billy Crystal.
B, there will be jet packs.
Or C, that the three of us will somehow pool our resources to have a studio.
I think it's actually most unlikely that we'll stick with this
for like another seven years. For another 300 episodes, yeah.
God, I hope not. Oh, God. Don't even say that.
I get a little scared just thinking about it.
Anyway, this is our Comedy Advice Show.
My brother, my brother, and me, you're here.
It's gonna be a lot easier to keep track of these
now that we're starting at 200.
It seems like counting has become hard.
187. Like, what does that even mean?
What is- What is 187?
What is 187? 200. What are numbers?
That's a big one.
So let's- Like, we're not gonna do that much different,
except just like help you.
We're gonna check in with some old friends.
We're gonna tell you about some snacks.
And it's just gonna be like a regular show.
So it's gonna be great.
I hope you like it.
Hi, brothers.
I've been spending the last year or so getting fit and beefy.
I got designs drawn up for a couple tattoos that I've wanted for a few years.
I've told myself I'd only get them when I finally got my sexy right.
Now that I'm there, I feel like I might be too old to get my first tattoo.
I'm 25.
I get the feeling getting your first tattoo is something for rebellious teens
or dipshit college kids.
Did I miss the window or am I good?
That's from Hesitant in Houston.
What kind of world do we live in that at 25,
someone's worried they're too old to do something?
To do anything.
Oh my god.
If 25's too old to do anything, that is only exacerbating my panic attack.
Please.
I'm 33 years old.
Please tell me that's not too old to do anything.
Look at me.
25 got all my shit together.
Living up here in the adult life in this penthouse.
My old rotten bones.
Could stick it up at noon.
Wait, do you have Jack disease?
I didn't ask.
Do you have Jack Bauer disease?
Can I tell you guys something?
I think our advice would be a hundred times better
if we would stop assuming that everyone who asks us for advice has Jack disease.
But it wouldn't be as applicable to that one person that does.
Yeah, I mean, one out of every-
No one's talking to me, the one guy with Jack disease.
One out of every hundred people does have progenitals.
What if, okay, I'm not talking about the actual disease.
I'm talking about Jack disease.
The other thing's a real thing that is not funny.
No, most diseases are not known for their humor quantity.
Except for chuckle peas.
And jungle fever.
Here's my advice.
One, two, three, and fuck it.
Yeah.
It's you're 25, you wanna get a tattoo?
I think 25 is a great time.
I think I was probably around 25 when I got my first tattoo.
Maybe younger, yes.
I think, here's the question though.
If you're a beefy dude, I'm gonna assume that this guy is like thick as shit.
Not chunky, but like-
Like Vin Diesel.
Like Vin Diesel, but maybe a little bit shorter
and a little bit thicker and a little bit broader,
but it's all muscle mass.
I'm thinking-
You are painting quite the word picture.
I'm thinking of like the thing from the Fantastic Four.
Lot of ripples and a lot of bulges.
And I think when you are that rippled and bulged,
you can't get a Triforce tattoo.
You have to get some tribal shit on your neck.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
You have to get a sleeve of tribal, I think just tribal shit in general.
I think the tribal tattoo industry is built upon the scaffolding of 100 beefy men.
Let me throw this out.
Tribal tattoo around your bicep, but you only tattoo three quarters of the way around.
And then when people ask why you didn't finish it,
you say, oh, it used to touch.
And then I started working out.
That's my extra skin I got.
Oh, I was just like totally ripping, lifting, crushing, dipping, squatting, potting, jumping,
and crumping in the gymnasium with a lot of super heavy weights.
And I just looked down one day, I was like, oh no, my tattoo got interrupted
by the new skin that showed up with the extra muscles that I built.
Yikes.
I think tribal is absolutely the way to go.
I think it's got to look like,
it should look like a spiky alien is eating you from the inside, consuming you gradually.
That's what it should look like.
The dream is that it looks like the Venom suit mid-transformation, right?
Correct.
That's the idea with tribal tattoos.
Where do you get it though?
I'm a fan of Nex-
Prison.
Okay.
Wouldn't it be great to get a tribal tattoo while you were working with Greenpeace in a tribe?
And then when someone's like, oh, fuck a tribal tattoo, be like, yeah, I got this.
Yeah, but then you don't know, maybe the tattoo says Pussy Willow
and they wouldn't tell you that.
Or even better, you ask for that.
Can I get one that says Pussy Willow and it says like hard ass motherfucker
and you're like, damn it.
Oh no, I definitely wanted Pussy Willow.
I want everyone to know that I am a gentle soul.
Griffin, how about Yahoo?
Sure.
I'm glad we started off our 200th by not helping someone.
I mean, we told them exactly what kind of tattoos to get and where to get it.
So if that's not helping, I don't know what is.
The fuck it is the best advice you can get.
You're 25 years old.
You want to get a tattoo, get a tattoo.
Yeah.
What do I care?
You're pretty far from death.
You got a lot of ball game left to play.
Yeah.
You're still in early innings, optimistically speaking.
This Yahoo was sent in by Peter Steiner.
Thank you, Peter.
It's by a Yahoo Answers user who has been deleted from the Tron grid of Yahoo.
Thank you, Peter.
This mystery user asks, what are some hot guy names?
Uh, this is in the section, pregnancy and parenting baby names.
So they're looking for hot guy names for their baby.
Okay.
Yeah.
Do they mean a hot, do they mean popular or names that would be fit a hot guy?
Hunky dude.
Like, like blaze.
How about this?
Or steel with four L's.
Additional info.
Steel.
Steel.
Steel.
Yeah.
Just tell me guy names that sound hot.
Thanks.
Okay.
That clarifies it.
It's definitely steel.
I mean, they have a point, right?
Rachel and I have been watching a bunch of Survivor because they just added a bunch of
that shit to Hulu.
And I feel like, you know, you don't even need to see the dudes.
You'll hear of like Noah and you're like, fuck, yeah, that dude's going to look awesome.
That's going to be one awesome looking guy.
Yeah.
Or dreams.
Dreams.
Another one of my favorite Survivor.
My name is steel dreams.
So here's some, these are some suggestions from Yahoo.
Fool in the rain says Brody, Jake, Luke, Talon, Spencer, Jackson, Ethan, Heath, Jude.
Matt is usually a hot guy's name.
Matt?
Matt?
I can write from the top of my head name you five despicable mats.
I could name you five.
That was my favorite cartoon movie.
Sort of squirrely mats with weird hair.
I don't know.
What about Matt Mateus?
I don't know who that is.
I don't know.
I'm just saying like that'd be a way hotter version.
Oh, it's super, super hotter.
Yeah, sorry.
Yes, definitely.
Thank you.
What about Mateo?
What about Materia?
Matt-teria.
How about Bahamut?
How about Efreet?
Fight to the round.
Hi, my name is Knights of the round.
Hi.
Hi, my name is Chocobob.
Oh, I get it.
My name is Sid.
That's a much better one.
I should have used Sid.
It's like a real person's name.
And can I tell you something?
It's a fucking hot guy's name.
Sid?
Yeah, I'm just going to just burn down it.
Travis.
Yes, somebody does actually say Blaze.
Silas Matthews.
How many Z's?
Just one.
Just the one regular.
Is it B-L-A with the apostrophe over at Z?
You mean Blase?
No.
No E.
B-L-A with apostrophe, Z.
Blaze.
Blutz.
Silas Matthews, Preston James, Landon Edward,
Call Gregory, K-A-H-L, Indermichael.
Stop it.
Kane.
Whoa.
Wait, are these all?
Wait, hold on.
Are these all like one name?
Like you would name a girl like Sue Ann?
I don't know what you're doing.
Are you saying Indermichael as like a name?
Yeah.
I have a theory to run by you guys that I was just thinking about here.
Okay, you know how the joke when like a rich dude gets a convertible
and everybody jokes that he's compensating for something?
What are you compensating for with your sports car, you know?
I feel like nerdy dads do this with their kids' names.
They will pick the like coolest, hardest sounding child's name
from popular fiction to compensate for,
like when I hear you named your kid Ender or Han, for example,
just to name two off the top of my head,
I feel like you're overcompensating for something.
You're trying to gird this child with a sort of veneer of rugged cool
that maybe has escaped you throughout your earlier years.
But at the same time, I'm with you on that, Justin.
I genuinely am.
But at the same time, I've never met a Brody
that I wasn't like, damn, when I saw him.
When I saw, when I like maybe I became internet friends with them
in freshman orientation and then you see them for the first time
and you're like, God damn, Brody, you did great.
You got it right.
You did so good.
So is the reverse of that theory that if there was a dad
that was like super cool in high school,
so much so that he felt all this pressure to be cool
and behave the way that he did and he was like,
you know what, I don't want my son to be that cool.
No.
I'm gonna name him Greedo.
I'm gonna name him Bill.
Have you guys ever met a Bill that you were like, oh shit.
Is that short for William?
No.
No, it's not.
It's short for Billium.
It's standard Bill.
It's like the vanilla Bill.
Classic Bill.
I'm Vabila.
I think it's the inverse of the boy named Sue sort of strategy
where rather than having a less tough sounding name
that like crafts them into like a dynamic person,
what you're doing is like giving them a lifetime
of trying to live up to Riker.
Like they're just never gonna hit it.
They're gonna constantly fall short.
Y'all are dipping into some nerd ass shit
for your recommendations.
And I hope you understand that if a child is named Riker
or Ender or fucking lightsaber,
they're not gonna end up like a fucking Maurice.
You guys understand that yet?
Well, Maurice is probably not great.
Drake.
Don't go with Maurice.
I like Maurice.
I do too, but that's not like a standard like,
oh, that's a good looking guy.
I bet just based on the name.
Oh, you're saying it's just not a hot guy name.
Not a hot guy name.
It's a subversive guy name.
I think you need a name that can evolve and change
as you get more or less physically beautiful.
Like if you, maybe you're Brodeus
when you're like a little,
you let yourself go a little bit.
You got some punch.
You're saying Brodeus is what happens.
Brodeus is like your full,
that's like someone says, hey Brody.
I don't deserve to be called Brody right now.
I haven't seen the inside of a gym for three months.
I am not Brody.
That's your sweatpants name is what you're saying.
That's your cookie pants name is Brodeus.
So that intimates that my entire life,
my cookie pants name has been Griffin Andrew McElroy
and that someday I'll get totally blasted
and I'll be-
Grifter.
Grifter with five Y's in the middle.
Yep, I am worried that when you two have boy babies,
you're gonna like dip into this bizarre well
of like hacker names,
like weird cyberpunk names like Grifter with four Y's.
Deslin with three Y's.
Deslin with three Y's and a zero and a one in there together.
We asked all of you for follow ups
if you gave us a question, we answered it
and you did or did not follow our advice.
We wanted to hear about it.
Don't let this segment make you think
we've changed our mind about you
not doing the things we tell you to do
because you still definitely don't.
That definitely not.
So let's check in with a few of these.
Travis didn't really call them down to the good ones
so we'll just take a shot.
They're all good in their own special way.
You answered two of my questions
but I only took your advice on one because I'm lazy.
In episode 159, you answered my question
about apologizing to a friend about dating her ex.
My cover name was Monster Engine.
That's a great cover name.
Good cover name.
I decided to take Travis's advice of Envino Veritas
and got drunk with her.
What of all?
What were we doing?
Well, sorry, what the fuck was Travis doing?
It did not devolve into Envino Punchitas, fortunately.
We laughed about it and she forgave me entirely.
In fact, she is now a listener
of your hilarious and amazing show.
You guys also read a Jumbotron from me
and my boyfriend Eric in episode 183, which is fantastic.
It was only a month after our anniversary
so don't sweat the fuck up.
Don't worry, I wasn't.
That is good to hear.
I'm glad that that panned out okay for you.
I like this one specifically
because I cannot remember what we talked about,
but it's this.
Hey brothers, you answered my question
on episode 104 concerning song choice at karaoke.
After your suggestions of don't choose a downer,
something good but would claim to like ironically
and smack my rep dick on the mic.
We didn't say, we would never.
I ended up choosing Some Like It Hot by the Power Station.
It was a hit that ended up getting people clapping
to the beat.
Unfortunately, I did not get the chance
to throw the goods around
but I'm sure it would have earned a standing ovation.
Thanks for the help,
the artist formerly known as Thunderwaffle.
It's pretty good.
We couldn't have said don't put your dick on something.
That doesn't sound like us.
That doesn't sound like us.
We're very conservative with dick exposure.
Somebody put together this incredible video
of all of the final questions that we've done
throughout like the history of our show for four years.
It was an immense labor.
Yeah, it's like an hour long or something, it's crazy.
It's a lot.
And I listened to all of it
and I didn't remember anything before.
No kidding, 196.
Every so often I see like NBNBA and Wisdom
will tweet like a quote from the show
where I go, who said that?
Oh, it was me.
Okay, cool.
It was me three and a half years ago.
Weird.
And then there's some despicable things
that come from NBNBA and Wisdom.
I think, oh no, who said that?
That was very naughty.
Yikes.
Those are very bad boys.
They have maybe gotten some more progressive views
about a couple of things
and learned a few things about how to be sensitive
and in the world.
Maybe since they said that, maybe they don't know that.
Maybe.
Yes.
Sure has been a good 200 episodes.
It's been a great 200 episodes and growing.
Humiliation.
Oh, the growing.
Here's another one.
Petting zoo boyfriend here from episode 162.
My lady and I decided to just have a kid
so we could take her to the petting zoo.
Follow-up question.
How old does she have to be to go to the petting zoo?
She's about three months old by the time you read this.
Don't question the numbers, Travis.
That's Zany and Zaftik at the zoo.
That's Bathroom Monster, right?
This child is Bathroom Monster?
That was, yeah, absolutely.
Right.
Is that the same one that like,
you know what, we get a lot of questions like this.
It reminds me of the guy who got a lot of tickets
at like the showbiz pizza
and didn't know if he could hand them off to kids safely.
I'd like to hear from that person.
Kids are tricky, guys.
We get a lot of questions
that are from people worried
about looking like child abductors.
I feel like this is a very common issue
plaguing today's young people.
Or today's old people.
Or today's people.
Just like take a child.
I actually have been struggling with this
now that I have a kid on the way.
I want the child to experience everything.
I want to show them the world shining, shimmering, splendid.
But I want them to appreciate it when I go.
If I'm gonna lay out the money to do the Disney thing,
I gotta know that they're gonna be forging childhood memories
and not some vague, hazy, you know,
recall of a man in a mouse suit.
I can't have that.
It's gotta be crystallized memories.
But this puts me in an unenviable position of like,
so am I just not supposed to do anything good for five years?
Am I just supposed to stall
and wait till the kid is forming like
really great crystallized memories?
I don't know what to do with them.
I don't want to waste a bunch of time and energy
if the kid's not gonna remember everything.
Let me throw this out, Justin.
Okay.
Tell the kid that you went to Disney World
with them when they were three.
Yeah.
So when they're like seven,
they're like, I want to go to Disney World.
You've already been there.
Don't you remember?
We just took you there for years.
You just went.
We were just there.
We just got back in 2007.
I sent you a question for episode 108
about getting my sexy so right as a gamer.
You told me to get super fit, dress classy,
and not give any fucks about what people think about my gaming.
Well, since then, I've lost 10 pounds,
completed two half marathons,
and greatly improved my wardrobe.
Best of all, about a year after I wrote it,
I met my super wonderful girlfriend
who's as into games as I am.
Lately, we've been marathoning through this-
All right, man, I don't need to know everything.
We don't need to know about your perverse sexual habits.
I lost interest.
I lost interest when it stopped being about how great we are.
But I introduced you to the show,
and now we listen every week.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you for the wonderful help and support over the years.
That's from formerly digitally distraught in Davis.
108.
That was 92 episodes ago.
That's insane.
I'm just gonna throw this out.
If I run two half marathons in my life,
I tell people I ran a whole marathon.
But using that logic, Travis,
and I can say that I've probably run like 80 marathons just-
I take a hefty break.
Just with the cumulative total of walking,
of perambulating that I've done.
You ran a whole marathon?
Yeah.
Yeah, I ran half of it,
and I had to catch my breath.
For two and a half years.
For two and a half years.
I didn't really think about what it meant
to complete the marathon.
And then I didn't want to overexert myself,
so I took a break.
I finished it later.
I don't think they let you do that.
You come back to the same marathon two years later.
No, I paid last time.
No, no, I'm gonna start up there
because it's where I got last time.
Is that cool?
Just come stumbling out for the woods with a giant beard
and you're same numbered outfit.
Where have I been?
Okay, I'm coming in with you guys.
I wrote in two to three years ago,
worried about being taken seriously by my employees.
Justin laid down some wisdom
about being lavish with my affirmation
or something mushy like that.
And then the advice wound up
including something about a rubber baby, I think.
Sounds about right.
Post advice, I actually did try to be more positive
with my employees.
This was to no avail, all right?
Listen.
Win some, lose some.
The situation actually got-
Poe Buddy's Nerfick, baby.
The situation actually got really bad.
The employees threw things at me.
Cool, cool.
There are all sorts of racially insensitive
and otherwise inappropriate language.
Yikes.
Directed physical intimidation.
And these people were older than my parents
and acting like this.
So I quit and went to grad school.
I graduate next week
and will be working as an individual contributor
in a more professional environment.
It would be hard to find a less professional environment.
They do let us off the hook and say,
I'm not sure any advice could have saved me
from the situation I was in.
Thanks.
Thanks for that, I guess.
I'm glad we could make it so bad
you had to get out.
That was our plan all along.
That was our plan.
Listen, we knew you were in an unwinnable game.
Yeah.
So we set into motion-
The only way to win an unwinnable game
is to change the rules.
Or quit playing.
Kobayashi Maru.
Find a different game that's not Kobayashi Maru.
Or find an easier game.
Kobayashi Maru's a hot guy name.
Yeah.
That's what-
It sounds like two kids.
This is my son Kobayashi and Maru.
That's what Kobe Bryant's full name is.
Listen, Travis just said that
and then one of you fuckos out there just went,
Uh-huh.
Hello.
Let me jot this down.
Dear diary.
Then Kobayashi and Maru.
Maru is actually would not be a bad person.
Anyway.
Especially their twins.
You guys discussed various social dynamics
of hugging vis-a-vis friend groups.
But what if you're in a situation
where you want to hug some of the people in the group
but not all of them?
I hang out with a group of friends on the reg
and mostly I don't see those people
outside the group situations.
I like everyone but I'm kind of picky
who I let in my touch bubble.
And-
Touch bubble would be a good name for a kid.
Yeah.
That's a hot guy name.
This season on Survivor,
Hey, I'm touch bubble.
Hey ladies, touch bubble here.
So hot to handle, too cold to hold.
Because he's got a very small touch bubble.
And only some of the people in this group qualify.
I want to hug them.
But I don't-
Because I don't see them much.
Otherwise, I don't want to make the non-huggables feel bad.
Is there a way to negotiate this smoothly?
I need a hug.
That's from-
I need a hug but not from you.
Oh, that's so tricky.
It's so true.
You've got to start thinking like a velociraptor.
You have to separate the group.
You have to lead one off from the herd.
Hey Dylan, could you step in the bedroom with me?
I just want to hug you in private.
Well, not the bedroom.
If you're going to conduct a secret-
Will you step in the laundry room with me?
Secret hug business.
Physical, intimate act.
Yeah.
You don't do the bedroom.
You cannot-
Will you step into my hug panic room, please?
You cannot bust your touch bubble in the bedroom.
It is inappropriate.
I'm saying just weed them off.
Maybe it's just like a line of sight thing.
Where you come up from behind while the rest of the group is watching, you know, Eurovision
or something, and then you hug them.
Quick, quick, quick, quick, quick!
Quick, now, now, now!
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Well, you can't fucking rush it is the problem.
You can't dip in their stealth and then bust that bubble and then get out in like half
a second, because that's going to be a shitty ass hug.
You need to get a full embrace.
You need to go chin to shoulder.
Can I throw this out?
This is the third time you said throw this out.
You've got to get-
Just do it.
Be more confident.
Let me interject this.
Okay.
Please allow me to insert this into the conversation.
Excuse me while I whip this out.
What if you just fucking do it and you look the unhuggables dead in the eye, and then
when Deborah's like, hey, how come we never hug?
Say, hey, remember that time when I tried to tell you about my meanwhile surgery and
you kind of cold-shouldered me?
That's why.
Or, or, while you're giving this other person a deep, deep chin to shoulder hug, you make
eye contact with the unhuggables and you whisper, unhuggable, just to really let them know where
they stay.
I get it.
Like this happens a lot when like we'll go on these overnight trips with a big group
of friends and maybe we're standing at a lake house and just like bonding.
Oh, the tightest bonding.
Bonfire secrets and lakeside memories.
And then at the end, everybody's going their separate ways and you get that little bit
of summer camp tinge of like, ah, I'm going to miss you fools because we're not going
to hang out constantly like we did this weekend.
You start hugging everyone.
And then there's like, and then there's blaze that like your buddy works with who he brought
and he's fine, but like you haven't known him long enough to get those lakeside memories
going with blaze quite yet.
Like the only awkward time for the entire weekend was when you and blaze found yourself
making pop darts at the same time in the kitchen.
It was only the two of you.
Hey, man.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey, pop darts.
You having a good time?
So silly, right?
Yeah.
Toaster pastry.
Who knew?
Kyle seems cool.
Yeah, Kyle is pretty cool.
I've known him my whole life.
Blaze, who are you?
What are you?
Interloper.
I find myself in this situation with surprising frequency and I just do it.
Just hug them.
Whatever.
Just hug them.
Just hug them.
You're not going to start.
You have to start hugging blaze sometime.
You're going, listen, you're going to hug blaze.
That'll make it all the more special because like blaze sees you hugging everybody else.
And then one day seven trips in, you hug blaze and blaze is like, I'm in.
Have you ever, have either of you ever met somebody who is like a friend of a friend
who like all of your other friends know and you just haven't met yet.
And then they come up to you and they say, oh, hey.
And then they just go in immediately, immediately from the jump.
Yes, that person is named Travis Patrick Mackerel.
Okay.
But like outside of yourself, have you met a person like that?
And then not immediately been like, oh, I like that blaze.
You know what I mean?
Like they go, they just fucking go for it from the jump and it lets you know, like,
I can feel comfortable with this person.
I can feel comfortable getting to know this person because they're very warm, very inviting.
They go full blown chin to shoulder, guaranteed a hundred percent of the time.
What everybody wanted at the end of the day is to be liked, you know?
And I think that if you can give off that vibe that you like the person you're interacting with,
it doesn't take forever to build a relationship or a rapport.
People really respond to that.
So just go in for the hug.
What I like about it is it kind of skips a lot of awkwardness by saying like,
hey, even if we're faking it, we can be comfortable around each other.
Like we're, you know, like let's pretend like we've known each other forever
and just skip past all the shit where you don't know me.
Skip the shit.
There's a lot of shit in getting to know somebody.
And it's this, it's this shit of are we hugging friends yet?
Fuck that.
Just hug that creep.
I'm hungry.
Is your I'm hungry trying to get in the money zone?
Yeah.
Okay.
Teach me how to snacky.
I don't know what you mean.
You haven't said money zone yet.
Money zone.
Okay.
Kind of giving away what the contents of the money zone is.
I know a little preview taste for the audience.
Here's a little sneak sneak taste.
Snack sneak.
It's going to, it will involve snacking.
You slide to the left.
That's not what that is.
No, that's it.
You slide to the left and then you get on www.naturebox.com
because you remember that you left your computer slightly to the left.
Just out of reach.
What do I do once I'm there, Jeff?
What do you do once you go to www.naturebox.com?
Yes.
You're going to start snacking smarter.
Well, not eating all that bullshit.
Not instantly.
It's not.
You click on the website and then you have, there are snacks in your mouth.
Griffin, do you know what makes the best sauce?
What does?
Worcestershire.
You dumb piece of shit.
For a second, I thought you were talking about a food product
on the nature box website.
Okay.
So you click on the website.
You immediately have food in your mouth.
What else do you have to do?
You got to choose the snacks you want.
They got BBQ kettle kernels.
They got everything.
Bagel sticks.
I heard there's some stuff with seaweed that's pretty good on Twitter.
Somebody told us that.
The South Pacific plantain chips.
There's over a hundred more.
There's a ton of stacks.
They're all like healthy enough trans fat or high for just corn syrup.
And they're not genetically modified or any of that garbage.
They're just healthy and good for you.
And they're cheap.
Because if you use our special URL, then you can get 50% off your first box.
That's half off.
I don't not only that, but free shipping always.
Oh yeah.
That's naturebox.com forward slash my brother all together.
Naturebox.com slash my brother.
And you can get your first box which you're sent off free shipping.
Get some snacks.
Get your snack on.
Stay full.
Stay strong.
Get those caramel pretzel pops because God damn.
It's all delicious.
Thank you nature box for sponsoring our program.
Yeah.
And thank you to Squarespace who's also supporting my brother, my brother, me.
It's the all in one platform that makes it super fast and super easy to make your
own professional website or online portfolio.
They got updates.
You thought you knew Squarespace.
You don't know shit.
Shut your mouth.
It's uninformed.
They got beautiful designs you can start with.
You can start from scratch.
They got style options.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Style options.
Nobody told me there'd be style options.
Style options is a pretty hot name for a kid.
It's like a hat for your website.
And you put it on there and it's something new with the style options.
It sounds pricey.
It's not pricey.
You understand that these people are paying us to talk about their awesome product.
I'm not saying it sounds like it's going to be expensive.
This sounds the worst.
It's not.
It's awesome.
It's $8 a month.
And that includes a free domain name if you sign up for a year, which is a steal.
Justin has bought so many domain names.
So maybe he can speak to like how much those cost normally for Fart Patrol.
And what's the other one?
What's the fartpatrol.com?
You got the dot com on that one.
What's the other one that you just bought?
And fartpatrol.gov.
I wish I had fartpatrol.gov.
I cannot get that.
The NSA actually has that, believe it or not.
What is the other website?
It was like the smoothest, smoothest, smoothest face.
My smooth face.
Hold on one second.
I'll tell you.
Let's see.
I own fartpatrol.com.
Yeah.
griffinspacejam.com.
You own that?
Yeah.
That's mine.
Mysmoothface.com is what you're thinking of.
We're going to get rid of that.
We're going to sell that off for fucking...
We'll retire.
We will retire off My Smooth Face.
If you go to our website, but you don't use fartpatrol.com to get there,
I don't know what's wrong with you.
You can start at Squarespace.
It has responsive design.
So regardless of what platform people are looking at your website on,
it's going to look good.
You can start a trial without any credit card.
Just like see what they can do and start building your website today.
Just go to squarespace.com and use the offer code MYBROTHER.
That's all one word, MYBROTHER, and you will get 10% off your first purchase.
That's Squarespace.
A better web starts with your website.
We'd also like you to visit thespencerohan.com.
And that's all one thing.
Thespencerohan.com to learn more and stream for free some awesome Spencer Ohan music.
Spencer Ohan is a thoughtful, energetic...
Learn more.
Learn more about what?
Well, I'm going to tell you and then I'm going to come back.
Hold on.
Spencer Ohan is a thoughtful, energetic Bay Area pop musician
who idolizes Prince and They Might Be Giants equally.
And for a lot of the same reasons, their dress sense.
His brand new album called Blue Circle is available now in vinyl and digital formats.
He sang, wrote and played it all himself just for you.
So go to thespencerohan.com and learn more about it and stream it for free.
And when you buy Blue Circle on Bandcamp, enter the code MYBROTHER to get 25% off.
That's one word.
My brother.
Justin, are you listening to this album right now?
I thought I'd lay it down underneath.
Kind of like...
Okay.
Oh, I like this.
Yeah, it's good, right?
This is it work.
Some dumpy...
For Blue Circle.
Dumpy bass.
Leave it on the ground.
Maybe he's going to sing here or should I sing?
Let's play this over our next one.
Turn the treble all the way up and turn everything else down because that's how I like to listen to
the music.
Oh, this is good.
Okay.
This is at thespencerohan.com.
Okay.
You understand that this is arguably the worst way to listen to music.
We're not doing Spencer Ohan.
I don't disagree.
But like, what are we going to do?
Edit it in?
I have a message for Pizza Zach.
And it's from Caramel.
I love that.
Uh, who says, happy belated birthday to my best friend.
Hope you enjoy this birthday message because I couldn't think of anything else to get you
that wasn't yoga clothes.
Oh, Pizza Zach.
Your interests are so single faceted.
And who else?
Do you know, Zach?
He only likes two things.
This podcast about hot guy names and pizza and yoga clothes.
So three things.
Oh, he eats the pizza while he does yoga.
It's really fast.
He eats pizza.
That doesn't mean he likes it.
If somebody invents a yoga that you do while eating pizza, they're going to be rich.
And who else could help appropriately celebrate this milestone than the McElroy brothers themselves.
So happy quarter of a century.
And here's to getting it done in 20 forward.
Hashtag blessed.
I don't like thinking of my age as being above a quarter of a century.
It bums me out in pretty big way.
We're all dying.
I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't.
Hello, my name is Graham Clark.
My name is Dave Shamka.
Together we host a show called Stop Podcasting Yourself.
We're from Canada.
Don't hang up, don't hang up.
And every week we're lucky enough to be joined by a guest, sometimes a comedian,
or sometimes just somebody that we like and somebody probably you've never heard of.
But trust us.
If you followed us this far into the promo, just try it out, please.
Do we sound too desperate?
Stop podcasting yourself on maximumfun.org.
Let's check in with somebody else.
Who's also dying.
Stop it.
You're killing me.
Wait, pretend I said that.
Pretend I said something else.
I got advice from you in episode 130, Holy Terror.
I wanted to send you an update for episode 200 check-ins.
You understand that's check-ins, not check-ins.
Hey, check-ins.
Hey, I got a hot check-in for you.
And I wrote in asking if it was okay to have a friend slash ex-girlfriend help me pick
out a gift for a current girlfriend.
I loosely followed the advice Travis gave me and had my friend who you dubbed Large Mark.
Why would we do that?
Note she is actually a petite Asian girl.
Recommend some hip stores rather than a specific gift.
And with that, I was able to pick out a nice gift myself.
The present was a hit with my girlfriend.
We are still dating to this day and very much in love.
Because of that present.
In addition, I got a chance to introduce my friend and my girlfriend, and they hit it
off really well.
I've been listening to the show since around episode 16, and I'm a max fund donor.
Thanks for the great work.
Looking forward to the next 100 episodes.
Thanks again.
Gift blind guy in Minneapolis.
Okay, that one turned out really fucking well.
That is incredible.
You are welcome.
So let me follow that up with this one.
I'm hungry and awkward.
The guy who wondered if his Chinese delivery guy was flirting by adding extra things in
my order.
I weighed the value of the food against the awkwardness of the situation and decided to
say screw it and asked him out.
Wasn't gay.
He had no idea about the extra stuff.
Turned out the dude was just a friendly guy.
Luckily, it was a totally not awkward situation.
We both laughed it off, and I'm still able to order my whole grilled fish and weird spicy
sauce without problem.
He even pointed out another dude who works there who was gay, but sadly that did not
work out well.
Satisfied and secure.
Well, you're welcome.
You're welcome.
I mean, you definitely did.
I'm almost certain.
I don't remember this specific question, but I'm almost certain we would not tell anybody
regardless of their gender or sexual preference to ask out a person that delivers food to
them professionally.
But I'm glad it didn't work out.
I'm glad it didn't work out because we told you it wouldn't and didn't.
Don't lie.
Here's a good one.
Back in episode 87, I asked you how to gain weight for a movie role and signed an irritatingly
thin Portland hipster.
I ate a ton of bread because that's what I could afford, and I gained 10 pounds.
I did not, as Travis suggested, do a ton of squats to try to gain the weight all in my
legs.
That was a quote.
Quote, all in my legs.
But I still looked a little bigger, and it read well on camera.
I'm now slightly less than LA Hipster, and the movie, A Tale of the Light, comes out
on video on demand this month.
Thanks, Brian.
I'm glad that worked out for you.
And the movie, Yum Yum Bread Boy, comes out on video on demand this month.
Silly Billy the Bread King.
And the movie, Johnny Huge Legs, comes out on video on demand this month.
Can't wait to catch it.
This is great.
Writing a follow up on advice given about my friend's fantasy football league I had
been forcibly drafted into.
Your advice was threefold.
One, get out of the league.
Two, moneyball.
Three, something about looking at players' teeth.
Well, just wanted to let you know that my friend got in trouble at work and lost his
internet privileges, so the league collapsed before it even began.
Happy endings all around, thanks for the advice.
That's from Sam from Lakewood.
Wonderful.
Wonderful.
We solved another one, gang.
We actually reported your league commissioner to his boss at work.
That actually would have been a much better idea.
I wish we had created that, because that would have been a great plan.
Well, that's some Machiavellian shit.
I don't think we could have...
I don't think we're capable of generating...
Sun Tzu nonsense.
You must undo him.
Y'all want Yahoo?
Yep.
This Yahoo was sent in by Campbell Bird.
Thank you, Campbell.
That's a great fucking name.
That's a pretty hot guy name.
Super hot.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Liv who asks,
"'How to command attention and have a presence?
"'When I walk into a room, I want to look like I mean business.
"'I want to have a thing about me that makes people look up and pay attention
"'when I speak or walk into a room.
"'I want tone like an unstoppable force.
"'Is it something to with appearance...?'
Oh, God.
"'Is it something to with appearance, the clothes I wear?
"'Something to do with how I present myself, posture, the way I dress,
"'the way I talk, et cetera?
"'Or the way I speak?
"'I feel invisible when I walk into a room.
"'Literally nobody notices me.
"'How can I fix this?''
You can wear a t-shirt that says swag.
That's pretty good.
I mean, it says it all.
Not great for...
Says it all.
It does say...
Who doesn't look good?
Who doesn't command attention on a sweet t-shirt with simple type swag?
I don't think I would look great in that, Travis.
I think you would, Griffin.
I think I might actually look pretty bad in that.
Can you get a pallbearer?
I'm sorry.
Like the wrestler, not an actual...
Oh, yes.
You need a hype man.
We're coming for you at Summer Slam, Hogan.
Uh, I'm sorry.
I asked if you wanted fries with your hamburger.
We're coming for you.
How about an animal mask?
How about George the Animal Steel?
What about Coco Beware?
Can you get Coco Beware to follow you around?
It's gotta-
Justin, I feel like you're really thinking inside the box on this one.
Yeah, I can't get myself out of the box.
Give me the high points of the question again.
How to command attention and have a presence.
I want to look like I mean fucking business when I walk in a room.
What is it?
Posture?
Clothes?
How do I present myself?
I'm invisible now.
Sincerely, the invisible boy.
How about you set your shoulders on fire?
Like in what?
Like in the Hunger Games.
Like the-
Like just, yeah.
Just as you're about to walk in the room,
set your shoulders on fire.
Every time you walk in a room,
be wearing a magic dress that Lenny Kravitz made you
that when you spin around, it turns into fiery birds.
I don't see why you're having such a hard fucking time with this.
That's 101.
That's 101.
Lenny Kravitz will make you a magic dress.
Call Lenny Kravitz.
Call Lenny Kravitz.
1-800-LENNY.
1-800-LENNY.
He's sitting by the phone.
He's sitting by the phone, waiting for your call.
He will make you a magic dress.
Lenny Kravitz's are standing by.
They're multiple Krav-I.
They will make you fiery dresses.
Wasting our time.
Make sure it's a big room, though.
Those fiery birds don't know where the fuck to go.
They're made out of fire.
Lenny Kravitz makes you promise to use it only outdoors.
I'll give you this fiery dress-
And only for good.
I can't go back to jail, man.
With fiery Lenny Kravitz dress comes great responsibility.
Spider-Man 3 in theaters now took a couple liberties.
Organic web shooters?
What are webs?
What are webs?
There are no ends to this.
What is a spider?
Uncle Ben is Lenny Kravitz?
That seems like you're retconning a little bit.
Sally Field also Lenny Kravitz, huh?
Okay.
I don't remember there being so many fiery dresses or birds.
Excelsior, I guess.
Stanley is in it, though.
He's the voice of one of the fiery birds.
Hail, true believers.
Look at my beautiful Lenny Kravitz dress.
Sorry about your hair, lady.
I set it on fire, Excelsior.
I like how his uncle is named Ben
as if we just forgot about that rice.
Yeah.
Same guy.
Same guy.
That's how Peter can afford to do all this science shit.
Exactly.
Guys, is it just confidence?
Is that how you command shit?
I don't know.
I'm pretty confident, and I don't feel like I command anything yet.
The problem is you're not hoving into enough people's field of view.
If you stand in one place in a room, people only address you
or are made aware of you when they're looking directly at you.
You've got to get on the hustle to start getting in front of people more.
What the fuck did you just say?
I mean, you need to move throughout the room more
so people have to address you more often.
I want them to turn around and you're there again.
Maybe with doing a very quiet, almost an audible techno beat under your breath
as you chug a chug around the room to be in front of everybody all at once.
Just oots, oots, oots, oots.
You know Mysterio from the Spider-Man 3 movie?
It seems like he could pull this off.
It turns out that Mysterio was the one in charge of all the confusion
and all the fiery bird dresses and stuff.
It was a trick to make Spider-Man forget he was ever born.
If you want more people to notice you, you just have to be in all places at once.
You have to have a glass dome on your head like Mysterio.
Allow me to leave you with this.
Okay, leave us with something.
Rather than asking people to look at you, dare them not to.
Next question.
What is that?
No, no, no, no, no.
Griffin, you seem very concrete about it being time for the next question.
I'm sorry, but when Travis uses that voice, I have to comply.
Starting next month, two of my friends and I will be moving into a new house together.
Each of us will have our own bedroom,
but there's an extra medium-sized room downstairs no one will be using.
The room has no egress window, so we don't want to make it into a bedroom.
Got some code issues there, dig it.
But we're at a loss for what we should do with it.
I was hoping the brothers could come give us ideas about what we could do with this extra space.
Any thoughts?
That's from MiniProblem in Minneapolis.
P.S. for what it's worth, we're all guys.
Hot guys?
All hot guys.
Sincerely, Chad, Brad, and Blaze.
Did you say Blizz?
Three-
And Blizz.
Three hot bros.
Blizz, Blaze, and Blonce.
Just kidding, two of us.
Blonce is the goofy one.
Yeah, the goofy one.
But it's still so hot.
It's still super fucking hot.
Incredibly gorgeous.
Great work, Blonce.
Blonce?
He's Austrian.
Guys, I didn't know egress windows were a thing.
Because the first apartment we lived in, in the 13th story, which is great for starters,
just in terms of fiery luck, we made Eric sleep in that one room that didn't have any windows in it.
I think once you're on the 13th floor, Griffin, you don't have to worry about egress windows.
Yeah, I don't think that's going to do you much good at that point.
So how about this?
Guys, lock the door to said room after filling it with like child's bedroom furniture that
you've covered in dust and cobwebs.
You're just leaving a little surprise for the next person that tries to remodel this place.
Every time your friends come over and go,
oh, I want a tour of your house.
Yeah, this is the kitchen.
Here's the living room.
Our bedroom's upstairs.
What's in that room?
We don't go in there.
We don't go in that room.
Not since the boat accident.
Travis, you just took that idea to 10.
I'm about to take it just a little bit farther to 11.
Can you wallpaper over the door to that room?
Because then nobody's going to find it for 40 goddamn years,
and it's going to have a level of authenticity at that point that I think is just going to-
Ooh, and then in the center of the room, copy of Jumanji.
Oh, wait a minute.
The movie.
Yeah, you lost me.
That's great.
That's real great.
That's great.
That's great.
That's great.
That's great. That's real great.
That's too funny.
That can be where you smoke all your pot.
That's always important.
Drug room?
This is our drug room.
The laziest panic room.
Just go in there.
Close the door.
Dude, this is tricky because I've worked from home for a long time
in a couple of places, including the house that I now own with my wife.
One of the bedrooms is where I sleep,
and the other one is where I work because it's my office,
and it's like I get two rooms?
That doesn't really seem fair.
That doesn't really seem like an equitable situation.
You could trade off and say like Monday, Wednesday, Friday,
the room can be whatever guy A wants,
but then Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, it's whatever guy B wants,
and then Sunday, you share it free for all party room.
If you guys had an extra room in the houses you live in now,
what would you do with it?
Yoga studio.
Did you say yogurt studio?
Because then maybe.
Yeah, it's where I paint yogurt.
I think, gosh, I don't know.
We just did like a big purge of all our stuff.
We had one extra room, and that was for the kids,
so I guess I don't have any extra rooms anymore now.
I don't know what I would do with it.
Maybe like just more storage?
Oh, man, you really shot the cannon indoors with that one.
Here's what I would do.
I'd put a bunch of newspaper clippings
and pictures of people around town on the wall,
and then with thumbtacks and pieces of string,
connect all of them with certain people's faces.
I have always wanted a room like this.
Yeah, that's like what does it all mean?
Where'd the money go?
What happened with the case?
You know, just all over it.
That's just there for people to walk into and go,
what is, and like, I've almost got it.
I've almost got it.
It's right there on the tip of my tongue.
I've almost solved it.
And then usher them out of the room.
So basically, Travis, you want an all-purpose goof room.
Yeah, I want like a room of requirement
that every time you open the door,
it's a different punchline to a joke.
Sure, okay.
And a team of people that changes it out
betwixt the goofs. And they live there.
Can we just please have a bedroom here?
Please, you call us in here.
No, you can't.
This is our all-purpose goof room.
We will sleep on the inflatable mattress
in the dining room.
Because that's, I mean, we gotta have our goofs.
We're human.
What are we supposed to do, not goof?
We're human.
Humans have to goof.
Humans gotta goof.
Always be goofing.
That's us.
That's us.
And that's our show.
So I want to wrap up.
Let's get one more of these follow-ups.
This was the one I was most excited about reading,
so I saved it for the end.
I wrote in asking advice on how to get our babysitter
just to skedaddle after my husband and I
returned from a date night.
You guys offered many practical solutions,
and we naturally chose Justin's about faking
explosive diarrhea immediately upon our return
to apply to our next night out.
So good.
However, the fates intervened and it seemed
it didn't smile on our planned dishonesty,
as we didn't need the faking illness,
and I got horribly carsick on the drive home from our date.
It did end up rushing through the door
and making it rain dollars on the babysitter
on my way to the bathroom.
So in that way, our plan was a success.
Thanks so much for all you guys do.
Really enjoy your show.
Happy 200.
Is karma punishing our listeners?
It's not karma.
It's not karma.
It's fucking clairvoyance.
We are the diarrhea mediums.
Starring Patricia Arquette.
I knew we'd be good for something someday.
Predicting people's diarrhea.
Don't get on our-
At some point in the future, you will have diarrhea.
Don't get on our bad side ever, listeners.
Don't you hit that unsubscribe button.
Jeff, who will have diarrhea on June 7th
at three o'clock after eating that weird hot pocket
in the back of his freezer he shouldn't have ate?
They don't even make the meatball one anymore, Jeff,
for this explicit reason.
Enjoy your diarrhea, though.
Maybe think about subscribing again in the future
and becoming a donor.
Only then will we repeal our curse.
Well, that's gonna do it for us here
on my brother and brother me episode two hundo.
Gosh, I can't believe we made it,
and we're so thankful, so, so, so thankful
to all of you for sticking with us through thick and thin.
We really do love you.
I know, we don't say it enough.
We don't.
Thank you so much.
This show is a crazy, crazy,
I can't even call it a dream come true
because like what psychopath would dream of something
like what we do, it's crazy,
and it's the best thing ever,
and we're very, very, very thankful for it.
Thank you to people tweeting about the show
like Nick K, DJ, J.D. Wynn, Sarah Jones,
Singular Foster, Miles Cox, Dylan Scott, Perch Snickers,
David Jewell, Nick Klaus, Steve Talbot, Grace Perdue,
Eru, Matt Volk, Justin Jacque, many others.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.
And thanks again to Naturebox.
We're all huge fans.
We're all subscribers.
Go check it out, naturebox.com.
If you go to naturebox.com slash my brother,
you'll get 50% off your first order.
Go check it out.
That's gonna do it for us, right?
No, no, we're not even close.
I wanna thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
You can get that wherever good music is sold.
Don't go looking for it in the bad music store.
You will not find it.
I wanna remind you about BoatParty.biz,
the Atlantic Ocean Music and Comedy Festival.
They are still selling tickets to that,
and it's gonna be amazing.
You can go on a cruise to Jamaica,
and they announced three new acts.
The Antebalas, Afrobeat Orchestra, Lake, and Matt Braunger
are all gonna be there.
And a ton of like funny people
and W. Kamau Bell and John Roderick and-
Of the Long Winters.
Of the Long Winters.
Of fame.
BoatParty.biz, go.
Next week, we're probably gonna have to do a weird app.
I'm not sure what it's gonna look like,
but I'm going out of town for a while.
We need to start saving up shit
for the crazy three podcast day
that we have coming up in a couple of weeks.
So next week is probably gonna be,
what is it gonna be, Juice?
You wanna know my best of?
Best of?
Yeah, you and I can work on a best of.
But still, go ahead and send in questions.
Please, please, please, please.
We gotta do three shows.
We are bone dry in the Yahoo department.
I need Emerald member Drew Davenport.
I need Ira Ray.
Are you out there, Ira Ray?
How about Jacob Locker?
Where you been, buddy?
Krista Whalen.
Krista Whalen.
Guys, I need some help.
I need some serious help.
Also, we are in the final stages
of planning for a live show in June.
With our app next week,
we may or may not be able to announce it
when it's all done.
So make sure you're following,
check us out on Twitter
and check mybrotherandmybrotherandme.com
or maxfun.
And we will announce that as soon as it's up
and make sure everybody gets a chance
to get tickets.
It's gonna be in Los Angeles if all goes well.
So make sure you stay tuned
and pay attention to our Twitter feed.
And we're trying to figure out a way to do more.
That's all I'll say for now.
That's all I'll say for now.
But we're doing a lot already this year for us.
For us, it's a lot.
For a throwing shade, it's not very much.
They're very good at this.
We're very bad.
We're very bad.
Anyway, that's it for us.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
You're all the best.
We love you.
Please share the show with a friend.
Maybe not at this episode.
It seemed kind of hit or miss,
but like another one, a good one.
Have them-
One that's already proven to be a classic.
Right.
Who knows?
Maybe this will ascend to the annals of comedy history.
It's hard to say.
But that's gonna-
Thanks. I mean, thank you.
Thank you.
That's it.
Griff, do you have a last yahoo?
Yeah, let's-
Oh, and before we go, hold on.
Whoops.
I got one more.
Thanks to Max Fun.
Yeah.
On like episode like 32, we joined Max Fun,
and it's just been super great since then.
We wouldn't have been able to do, you know,
the last 170-some episodes without them.
If you don't listen to all the other Max Fun podcasts,
go to maximumfun.org and fix that right now,
because they're all amazing.
And it's a super great place to be a part of.
So thank you to them.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Go listen to all the shows.
Yes, definitely do that.
This final yahoo was sent in by Michael R.
Thank you, Michael.
It's by yahoo answers user Glenn.
Pretty hot boy name.
Glenn asks,
how to get Cosmo Kramer hair.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother.
May kiss your dad.
Skull and lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hey folks, this is Kevin Allison of the Max Fun podcast,
Risk, where people tell true stories
they never thought they'd dare to share.
If you've never heard Risk,
why not start with our 150th episode?
It's an all star lineup of jaw dropping true stories
from Aisha Tyler.
This being the nineties,
I was drinking malt liquor.
Don't fuck you with your racist thoughts.
You're all racist for laughing.
Tom Lennon.
Whenever I walk into a place that's called Mr. Binkies,
I'm expecting Armenian bumblebee to be like,
I got jack off pills for you.
Yeah.
Jay Moore.
Me, public school in New Jersey.
I didn't need to know anything
because everybody knew you got pregnant
by peeing in each other's butts.
That's how we knew.
Andy Dick.
We've had a monogamous relationship for five years.
I barely cheated on her.
And The Daily Show's Jessica Williams.
Oh my God.
I have like this need to be responsible for some reason
that doesn't really benefit me.
So like, Jessica, clean it up.
Look for Risk on iTunes
or of course at MaximumFun.org.
