The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin Tyler McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother,
Travis Patrick McElroy. And I'm your sweet baby brother, and 30-30-30, I'm Griffin McElroy.
A lot of busy lives. It's been a busy couple of weeks in the interim of when we've spoken to you
directly. An exciting time ahead of a sect of me. And I want to say, then came up here to Cincinnati
to the Great Wolf Lodge, including the water park, and I watched that fool in a wave pool,
and I don't know that I've ever seen a more unhappy human being.
Oh, okay. I was, there was a displeasure. I experienced a displeasure.
Is it maybe because you chose a pool to swim in that kind of goes for your zone?
And more than a regular pool won't sort of come at your zone like a wave pool will.
I didn't choose it, my daughter did, and I wanted to be a great dad.
And I don't know how much you, I do want to talk about one vasectomy-related thing,
but we've got an exciting new feature here on the show where we're going to let you,
the listener, vote live as we record on sort of like what you want to talk about.
So my vasectomy is one of the options. Trav, what do you got?
Well, I went to London for several days, and I came back with this new accent that I just
can't shake. Oh, I want to hear it so bad.
Two things about that is that the what, let me take, if I could, excuse me,
if I could do two things. One, we've done that exact thing before.
And two, you've already talked without the accent.
So I feel like even the cafe of the bits.
It comes and goes.
Also, I did realize, other thing we could talk about.
No, no, no, no, no. We all get one. Quit trying to fucking stuff the ballot box.
Speaking of Cafe B, I went to wrestling last night.
I went to Heck in a Sec down in San Antonio, and it was pretty good.
It ended with a big title match between just famed big man, Braun Strowman,
and other big man Roman Reigns. And the fight was going very bad.
And then the third big man, Brock Lesnar, came in and broke the sec,
kicked the sec door right in, and hurt them both. And that was the end of it.
So I was thinking I could do a funny bit about how if this episode doesn't start,
it just starts sort of flagging, then I could have Brock Lesnar come in
and beat all our asses, and then they would just stop the show.
Now I have a suggestion. This is a little radical, but maybe I could do my accent
while we talk about how bad it would be if Brock Lesnar attacked Justin's nuts right now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, we need to vote on though,
maybe it seems a little shock jock radio to refer to the…
Would it be better if we said testicles?
No, Strap, because I knew that you were going to say something that would also be bad
that you would enjoy. That would be like a fun sort of,
like a way that an old prospector would refer to the…
Oh, my testicles! That's my new London accent, by the way.
I hope you all enjoyed it.
That's good. It also kind of sounds like how Goofy would say the word,
which I actually am very, very into.
Gorsh! Gorsh, mate! My testicles!
My testicles!
None of this is usable.
All the votes are in, and I'm just going to talk about my vicinity real quick.
I understand some people are uncomfortable with surgery talk,
so if you want to skip ahead 23 to 27 minutes…
No, please don't get clinical about it. Just tell us what happened in the wave pool.
So they told me that for $80, I could have gas
that would make me all silly for the whole time if I gave $80.
So I do want to start off by saying thank you so much, Max Fund donors.
You should know that I did spend a little bit of your money
getting high for my testicle surgery.
Hold on. That's a weird upsell moment of like,
hey, you've come in here for a vasectomy and you're going to be here
and very present for every second of it,
unless you want to give us 75, no, $80.
$80 and then we'll take you to Sillytown.
You want us to Scotchguard those bad boys?
Give you the undercoating?
You want it bigger?
Okay, so I went in, I had the gas.
I had the gas once before when I had wisdom teeth surgery,
and my memory of it was count backwards from one to 10.
10, nine, oh my God, it's done.
And I wake up at right, and it's like I had gone completely out.
And I thought that's what I was in for, for the surgery.
So they give me the tube with the gas in it and tell me to hold it.
And they said, are you a nose breather?
Which is a wild, like I can.
I do both, yeah.
I do both, like all humans.
She said, well, the times when you wake up
are when you let go of the tube
or when you breathe through your nose.
So don't do either of those.
Cool, right?
So I'm doing this and I realized like after a while,
I'm really huffing on this good stuff.
And I realized like I'm not blacking out.
So in my head, what I thought was it's not working.
Oh my God, I'm going to be awake for my testicle surgery.
Oh, please don't let this be the case.
But I guess this kind of anesthesia is patient led
where they don't want you to go too deep.
They want you to be in sort of like a twilight state.
Interesting.
Yes, so I basically spent the entire time high.
And when you're high like this,
what you want is a nice drug sherpa who's not high
but is going to make a pleasurable drug experience for you.
I was in the literal opposite of a good place
to have a drug experience.
Here are two things that I heard
while I was in this weird twilight state.
The first one was this.
I don't know how the vas deferens ends up like this,
but some are just gnarled and impossible to cut through.
Whoa, like tree bark this guy's deferences.
Hey, hold on.
I don't know how some of them-
Is that a real thing that was said or just something that you-
That was a real thing that was said.
Okay, that was a real thing that was said.
The second real thing that was said was I started giggling
because I was on laughing gas.
So it struck me as funny that I was awake
while somebody was like,
I would realize like how bad it was for me, right?
So I got kind of tickled that I was awake
for my testicle surgery and I was just like high on this stuff
and it was very funny to me in the moment.
So I started giggling a little bit
and I heard one of the nurses ask the doctor,
have you ever had anyone laughed during a vasectomy?
And he said, no.
Oh, no.
Good.
So just to be clear, this incredibly routine surgery,
we're in uncharted waters, huh?
What was your iron deference and your jovial constitution?
Holy shit, Juicer.
I was still extremely high.
I cannot, I mean,
cause the whole time I thought I should black out.
So I was huffing this good, good stuff even harder
and just huffing and huffing trying to black out
because I didn't want to be so present
for my penis surgery as I was.
And I real huffed it.
So when I got done with the surgery,
I was still extremely high.
And the first thing that my doctor says to me is,
now remember, you're still fertile.
What?
And I was like, then what the fuck are we doing here?
How could you say that to me, a high person?
And he said, well, and he didn't clarify.
Of course, what he means is like,
it takes a while before everything's like
all the little spermies are dead or whatever.
And then clear the pipes.
Is that what he said, is it spermies?
And then he said, your vas deferens is very knotted
and hard to cut through.
And I was like, I'm high.
I don't know how to process what you're telling me.
So he said, there's a lot of torsion down there.
And what I said to him in the moment was,
my wife and I don't do weird stuff,
but that's fine for people that do.
And he looked at me like I was a moon man.
Like an astronaut moon man.
I can't imagine why.
I love that you were still sex positive in your-
Oh yeah, for sure.
I didn't want, I mean, I have firm beliefs
that I need everybody to get down with.
The, after, then after that,
they sent me home with 30 per cassette.
So I don't know why we have such a problem.
That's the end of this segment.
I'm recovering well.
I'm in a decent amount of pain.
I'm still wearing a jockstrap, which I may never stop
because it is really nice.
I'm always ready for sports too, which is great for me.
Well, we got a racquetball at noon.
So let's get rolling on the advice.
Here's our first question this week on the show.
My waitress reached her hand out to take my plate,
but I thought she was trying to shake hands.
So I shook her hand instead of giving her my plate.
Should I dine and dash now before she brings the check
and have to face her again?
That's from I Fucked Up in Texas.
Why did you think contextually in that moment
that your server needed to congratulate or meet you?
Was your plate so clean?
It's so I've never seen one this clean before.
It started off as a black plate and now it's a white plate.
How did you do that?
You dang licked the decorations right off this fancy plate.
Oh man, I don't think that dining and dashing
means you have done two terrible things
to this other sentient living human being today.
And I think you gotta try and with your second act
try and counter the very bad first thing you did.
I think paying double for the meal or tipping 500%
or something, because if you dine and dash
it's just gonna ruin their day even more than it already,
it has just already ruined quite badly.
And I wanna drive that home, you did fuck up pretty bad.
Because here's the thing that I have to point out.
Someone reaching for a plate versus reaching for a handshake,
they are not instantly going to transition their mind to,
oh, it's a handshake now.
So there had to be at least a second of like,
as if you were trying to dock a space shuttle
like with the space station and it turned at the last second.
You're like, well, here we are.
Like there had to be a moment of like, what is this?
That's what you've gotta unpack.
Before you do anything else, you need to look in that mirror
and you need to take stock of your own shit.
Because I am guaranteeing there is no way
the trajectory of the plate reach is the same
as the trajectory for that a handshake attempt would have been.
They were reaching downward towards a table
to pick up a plate or a tray or whatever the fuck.
That is not the same as a hand coming at you like eye level
straight towards you as if to say handshake.
You saw this hand reaching for a plate
and you wanted it to be a handshake very, very badly.
I'm trying so hard to picture it.
Like I need like a whiteboard.
I need some dry erase markers.
I have to diagram it.
It's funny, you know, I think when tipping was created,
it was obviously to reward good service.
I wish, I have found myself wishing multiple times recently
that I could tip at the beginning just so they knew
that like if you say I'm gonna tip generously,
you should know that upfront, then maybe they would see you
as some sort of like good-hearted, bumble brain eccentric.
And like all these things would just kind of go away
because they know at the end that they would be getting
a good tip, but you can't actually say like I'm going
to be tipping well at the end.
No one does that, you can't do that.
So you have to tip at the beginning.
Well, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Assholes do that, I bet.
Yeah, but I wouldn't be doing it for like asshole reasons.
I would be trying to buy myself just like,
I know I'm gonna fuck up some things here.
Listen, I know I'm gonna make, I had, okay,
I'll give you a good example.
We were in a Great Wolf Lodge this past weekend
and we had friends there and we had like eight people
and then four of her other friends decided
they wanted to join us for dinner.
And I was like, we're gonna have to drag another table over.
How could that possible?
This place was empty other than us.
And in my head, I could not see a way to get four more seats
that adjoined to our seats.
And I was so terrified to ask, somebody else had to ask.
And I tried to will the server to know like,
I'll give you a good tip, please don't be mad at me.
Please, I know that this isn't good.
I'm sorry, I'm doing my best here in a bad situation.
I just wish that I could communicate to people
that I'm not an asshole.
I really am not a monster, I promise.
That's why I think, here's my new plan.
This is what I suggest to everyone, tip very well, one,
but also do so in like all 50 cent pieces.
So then they're like, oh, not only did they tip very well,
they're clearly an eccentric, bumble brained kind of person.
And it's like, oh, so this is both a good tip and fun
and lets me know like, okay, that's why they shook my hand
when they were reaching because like,
they're the type of person who tips in 50 cent pieces.
So if it's a big, but if it's a big table,
you're kind of envisioning them carrying home
15 pounds worth of coinage as sort of a reward
for a job well done.
Yes, now that is true because like, say it's like,
oh, I don't know, a large party, it's like $500 meal
and you tip, let's say 30%, right?
You have just tipped $150 in 50 cent pieces.
So yes, you have just also granted them probably
at least some muscle soreness,
if not like a dislocated shoulder.
Another good option is when they reach back their hand
from the just really inexplicable strange handshake
you've given them.
They look down in it and there's a single egg in their hand
and then they look back up at you and you say,
nanu nanu because you're a space person.
And it's the only, and they'll say, oh, you shook my hand
because you're a space person.
And now I understand because of the egg
and that it's a whole mork thing and I love it.
No tip required.
I love your mork thing.
How about a Yahoo?
Shazbot.
Shazbot indeed.
This one was sent in by Emma Roden.
Thank you, Emma.
It's Yahoo Answers user Cassie who asks,
stepdad playing with black magic.
Oh no, that's rough.
Yesterday my stepdad was in the bathroom
and the lights were turned off
and only a couple lit candles.
There was weird spiritual music going off
and he was whispering something over and over again.
I don't know if he was doing black magic
or just relaxing by back, by back.
I'm kind of freaked that he believes
and diabolical shit, I guess, four asterisks.
What do I do?
Wait, hold on.
So within the question, the question poser says,
it's either black magic or he was just relaxing.
Or it was Terry's special time
and he had an audio book going
and he had the scented candles going.
He was either listening to a nice audio book
or speaking with Baphomet.
So what do I do?
It's one of the two.
It was either listening to the new Dan Brown novel
on audio cassette or it was Baphomet.
It might be both.
True, multitasking is huge.
It's 2018.
Yeah, and you know, in Dan Brown,
there is a whole book called Angels and Demons.
In the Outfield.
In the Outfield.
Oh, that's a good one.
Why haven't we seen a Demons in the Outfield movie?
Demons in the Outfield waging war for our souls.
Oh, yes, a remake of Angels in the Outfield
that's about like a literal holy war
between angels and demons and the demons support,
I don't know, the Baltimore Orioles.
It's just the first theme that came to mind.
And they're probably led by Lil' Nicky.
Wouldn't you think?
Lil' Nicky's probably the leader.
Oh, it's time.
It's time to bring out Lil' Nicky.
Holly Weird, get Abby for Lil' Nicky too.
Angels and the Demons in the Outfield.
Demons in the Dugout.
Demons in the Dugout, Travis,
with the slam dunk pitch, green lit.
What do you do, though?
What do you do when your stepdad talks to Baphomet
in the bathroom?
Oh, you know what I would do?
Tattle to mommy?
Well, yes, but I would also,
like before stepdad went in there,
I would get like a dry erase marker
and like draw like a smiley face on the mirror.
And so that way, when he tries to like look in the mirror
to talk to the devil, he sees that smiley face
and he's like, oh, you know what?
Maybe not today.
Maybe it's just a day.
Maybe it's a day I'm just gonna go outside and smile.
So it's just a situation where he was going to commune
with some sort of elder God or whatever.
But then he saw a picture of a smiley face
like you might've seen on a t-shirt in the 70s.
And he said, nevermind.
Well, my only other suggestion
was to make a real stinky poop in there before him
so then the devil won't show up.
Yeah, or he does.
And he's like, oh, Terry, you've completed the right.
Oh, Terry.
Oh, Terry.
Oh, Terry.
Oh, Terry, no.
He's just, has he ever done anything good?
It's just like always just,
whenever you hear about him,
it's always bad stuff most of the time.
I don't know, Griffin.
I'm off two minds, you know?
Oh, no.
Because the devil, he seems bad.
And don't get me wrong, he is.
But without the devil,
would we really appreciate the angels?
Because if everybody was good and angelic, Griffin.
Yes, yes, thank you, yes.
Then maybe nobody is.
There's a user named Leviticus on here,
which is already great.
Who says, if your stepdad wants to play silly games
in the bathroom, then leave him to it.
Which really should be the motto for 2019, I think, maybe.
Like 2018 was Collaborate Teen,
and I don't know that we've been especially good stewards
of that, but I do think that 2019,
if your stepdad wants to play silly games in the bathroom,
then leave him to it is something
we could actually honor pretty easily.
Just let your stepdad do whatever he wants in the bathroom.
Just the silly games, it's fine by me, Griffin McElroy.
Here's what's hard for me.
I'm trying to walk the right path.
Sure.
Trying to be good to my fellow man,
trying to tithe 10%, trying to worship,
trying to keep the Sabbath holy, all of it.
Yeah.
And then I feel this little creeping presence
sneak up from behind and say,
Justin, I'm sure you shouldn't go down
to the betting parlor or what have you.
Put some bets on the ponies,
steal your brother's big screen TV.
Steal that big basketball from the dick sporting goods
you've always wanted.
Yeah.
You know, you could never afford the big basketball
that they say is just a picture of a basketball
they hung up at the basketball section,
but you know it's a real fully formed basketball
that would be so fun to play with.
And the devil is the one who's always telling me
to do these bad things.
And I just want to try to live a righteous life.
How about another question?
Yep.
I like to take my family fishing,
but we haven't been fishing for very long,
so we're not very good at it yet.
When we go fishing, we feel like people are watching us.
They're watching us be bad at fishing.
We want to keep fishing,
but we don't want to endure the withering gaze
of more seasoned fishermen.
How do we go fishing without other people looking at us?
That's from Self Conscious 6 in Salt Lake.
PS, we haven't caught a single fish yet.
I think it is,
I think the hardest pill to swallow
in this sort of situation that you've ginned up
is that there are people for whom watching people
not catch fish is a very good thing to watch.
Like one of the things, like we have phones and stuff.
Like definitely, probably they're not going to watch
some people not catch fish, I think.
Sure.
There are TV shows I could watch
where very good fish catchers catch fish like nonstop.
And I'm talking about big fat fish of all shapes and sizes.
And I don't even want to watch that, you know?
Well, and there are whole TV shows you could watch
where people aren't catching fish.
Like there are whole episodes of Law & Order SVU
where no one catches a fish.
Yeah, there's so many shows where no fish are caught.
I love Tara's House, but there's only been like one
or two episodes where they catch fish.
I feel like I wouldn't, I mean, I feel you
because I would not know where to start with this.
I definitely could buy a rod
and I think I could find a place around here that sells worms.
That's as far, yeah, that's as far as I could get.
Do I go early in the day?
Do I go late?
I understand this sort of anxiety this person's experiencing
because I feel like it's such a narrow window
in which you could catch a fish anyway
that there's a real good chance
someone would see you fishing out there
and just know that like,
it's definitely not going to work for you.
Maybe this is like an expectation thing
where like when you get to the lake,
I assume, question mark,
you like loudly announce like,
I hope I don't catch any fish today.
Loudly, loudly I know won't work.
I do know, okay, here, let me chime back in.
Loudly won't work for fishing.
I know that because they hate that.
They hate the sound.
They hate our human noises.
They love their own fish noises
because I watched Fish Tales
and they were always singing and dancing around in that flick,
but they hate our human sounds.
And maybe like a sign like hanging on your boat.
It's like not trying to catch fish.
Like, I know how this looks.
It looks like I'm just trying to soak these worms.
I feel pretty confident.
You're just soaking the worms.
Let's get these wormies wet.
I'm just trying to rehydrate my worm friends.
I feel pretty confident of one thing
because I've eaten fish.
If I were to somehow luck into catching a fish, right?
So I get the fish on the hook.
I zoom him up into my boat and I have him there.
I do feel pretty confident that the look you lose
would then be treated to me bewildered watching a fish die.
I think that is the next thing that would happen
is I would watch a flapping fish
look around in panic, hoping against hope
that an adult would rise from the sea
to deal with the situation for me.
The best I could come up with,
I'm thinking in the moment,
I think I would probably drop it back into the water
until I came up with a plan.
I think this is the best that I would be able
to chin up in the moment.
Okay, hang out here.
I'll be right back.
I just like de-fish him.
I think would be the best that I could probably do
is like return him to the ocean
and hopefully he found a way to like free himself.
That's the best I could come up with.
And that's monstrous what I've just said.
I would most likely throw the rod in after the fish.
This is yours now.
Yeah, I tell you my great fear is that it would be,
I would go out on the boat and I would start fishing
and I would fall in the water
and become an incredible Mr. Limpet
because the fear for me there
is not obviously like the trials and tribulations
that he went through as a sea creature in that movie
is that I am happily married
and the father of a beautiful son.
And in that movie, the Mr. Limpet
also has a similar like life situation
where he falls in the water, becomes a fish
and instantly falls in love with a lady fish
who I think he calls Lady Fish.
And I don't know, I guess I'm scared
of sort of like the infidelity
that I think I guess goes along with being a fish guy.
So I never ever get out there on the water
because I don't want to be tempted.
I don't want to be unfaithful, I guess,
like Mr. Limpet was, do you know what I mean?
Because here's the thing,
there are plenty of fish in the sea and that's scary.
And that scares me, that scares me, that scares me.
Because I would never, I'm not tempted in my human form.
You give me a fish brain and it's all instinct.
I don't know, I don't know.
Sure.
It's instant, he falls in the water.
He's like, oh no.
And I guess he sings a song or something
and then there's a lady fish.
He's like, hello.
And it's like, there's a lot of ethical questions
about that, Mr. Limpet.
Hey, just quick question
because I think this marks the 100th time
we've referenced Mr. Limpet.
When was the last time any of us watched it?
Oh, never is my answer.
Okay, because it's a solid at least two decades for me.
I've been waiting because Jim Carrey
was supposed to remake it.
And I just keep hoping that that's gonna
come together eventually.
So I guess he joins the Navy in his fish form
and fights Nazi U-boats.
Yeah, I remember him said it.
I think he sets off like ocean sea mines.
I think is a thing that he does.
All right, yeah, he forms like a fish Navy.
It's like the glorious, Finn glorious bastards.
Oh no, I guess two Navy officers reach out
to Mr. Limpet in the sea and offer him a commission
in the United States Navy.
It's unknown what becomes of the conversation
for the movie ends with a question mark.
That's pretty fucking cool way to end the flick.
That's kind of like the Brock Lesnar coming out
and beating the shit out of Mr. Limpet ending of the flick.
And I'm very into that.
I would watch that movie.
Yeah, sure.
What do you do when you catch a fish?
You get Brock Lesnar to come punch you a bunch.
He doesn't paint with punches.
That's not really on his palette.
Is he more of a kick man?
He's more of a throw man.
Oh, I see.
All right folks, this has all been great
but we need to take a quick sojourn in the money zone.
Blue Apron.
Two words.
Seems so simple, don't they?
They are.
Because Blue Apron is simple.
This is the danger, folks, if you start talking
before you really decide what words
you want to kind of string together into ideas.
Listen, I've only got the one method, Justin.
I don't know what you want from me.
Sometimes when you're building the plane underneath you
as you fly it, you add in like,
I'm going to add in some big, big speakers
and then I'm going to make sure that the paint color is blue.
And you realize you have not put in wings or a chassis or a-
Yeah, and you're making a Jeep, that kind of thing.
Yeah, you're making a Jeep.
Yeah, it happens.
So Blue Apron's mission is to make incredible home cooking.
Make incredible home cooking accessible to everyone.
And they do.
They do it by delivering farm fresh ingredients
and step-by-step recipes to your door.
I'm a big fan of Blue Apron.
It makes me feel, well, when I started doing it,
I felt like I could cook.
And now having done it for a couple of years,
I will say it has actually improved my cooking abilities.
And Blue Apron is dedicated to supporting
a more sustainable food system,
setting the highest standards for ingredients
and building a community of home chefs.
They just did a Bob's Burgers partnership.
I thought you were going to get kicked out of that.
I loved it so much.
And I got to make the Bob's Burgers.
Check out this week's menu
and get your first three meals free
at blueapron.com slash my brother.
That's blueapron.com slash my brother
to get your first three meals free.
Blue Apron, a better way to cook.
Can I tell you all about Quip?
Yeah.
I hate Quip.
Did you know it's opposite day?
Did you know it's opposite day?
Oh, whoa.
I think that could be a really fun way
to start doing these ads.
Do you know what I mean?
Do opposite ads.
Hating them?
Yeah.
It'd be like, oh, it doesn't brush my teeth really good
and make my teeth look white and beautiful.
Just, it's opposite day.
So you have to keep saying that over and over again.
Why don't you do an opposite day for this one
and see if they still give us money?
Okay.
Good toast run.
And I'm also, I'm worried, Griffin,
that if you say it's opposite day on opposite day,
doesn't that mean it's not opposite day?
Ah, shit, birds.
Okay, anyway, it's not opposite day anymore.
I love Quip.
And it's because I was brushing my teeth wrong
because I was using the wrong toothbrush
and now I'm using a Quip toothbrush.
It's sleek and stylish.
It's modern.
It is discreet.
And it is an electric-
It'll keep its mouth shut.
It's a new, it'll keep my mouth shut
while I'm brushing it in and out in there
and it's an electric toothbrush,
so it's a fraction of the cost of bulkier brushes
and it packs premium vibrations
for a perfect two-minute clean.
Plus their guiding pulses remind you when to switch sides
and they'll deliver new brush heads
on a dentist-recommended schedule
every three months for just $5,
including free shipping worldwide.
It's great.
I have one.
It sticks to my bathroom mirror.
I pop it in, brush it, pop it back out,
and then I can travel with it.
It's super easy.
Anyway, Quip starts at just $25.
And if you go to getquip.com,
that's getquip.com slash my brother right now,
you'll get your first refill pack free
with a Quip electric toothbrush,
spelled G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash my brother.
I got a Jumbotron here.
I want to tell you,
hey, do you like people playing video games with a twist?
Check out this YouTube channel,
Espresso Steampunk.
There are no Xs in the word espresso, by the way.
As you can tell by the way I say it, espresso.
He plays scary games while recording his pulse
and pupil dilation, kind of like Blade Runner.
He plays dating sims while giving comedic dating advice
with his girlfriend.
He just wants to entertain you while he chills out.
What could be better?
So once again, that's youtube.com slash Espresso Steampunk.
It's been too long since I've seen Blade Runner.
I don't remember Harrison Ford playing Fortnite,
but maybe that happened.
Did that happen?
Did Harrison Ford do a lot of live streaming in Blade Runner?
Yeah, and he gets his ass completely wracked by these fucking androids
because they have hands that are keyboards
and they use all the cheat codes.
Oh, they have like the turbo button.
They have turbo buttons built into their freaking,
you know, fingers and thumbs and elbows.
And they always do the odd job.
And the only game I can beat them at is Dance Central
because they got no rhythm, but I do.
Can't teach a robot rhythm.
I always say that.
I have a message for Chris and it's from Ana.
And it says, sub handsome.
I can't believe we've been together for 10 years already.
I'm not very romantic, but I figured if I got our favorite brothers
to read this message to you, my love would come through.
Am I good?
Looking forward to many more years of eating chatinos,
hanging out with our cat, Sam, and watching dumb internet videos.
Much love, Ana.
And this is for, on or after January 22nd, 2018.
So wowza, did, whoo, woof.
That is bracing.
That is a bracing amount by which to miss this happy occasion.
So thank you so much.
It's been basically 11 years.
So let's go back and fix it.
Okay.
Hi, I'm Biz.
And I'm Teresa.
And we host One Bad Mother, a comedy podcast about parenting.
Whether you are a parent or just know kids exist in the world,
join us each week as we honestly share what it's like to be a parent.
I'm just going to end with this.
Everybody, you're doing a remarkable job of swimming
through the shit show that is parenting.
So join us each week as we judge less, laugh more,
and remind you that you are doing a great job.
Find us on MaximumFun.org, on Apple Podcasts,
or wherever you get your podcasts.
Uh, yahoo?
Sure, yeah, it sounds great.
So this one was sent in by Matt Brown.
Thanks, Matt.
Yahoo answers user star five who asks,
if you were Bigfoot, would you reveal yourself to humans?
Like a flasher?
Probably not a flasher.
Probably like a, you know, an announcement.
Hey, I'm Bigfoot.
It's, it is me.
Let's do this thing.
Me and you together.
Humanity, let's fucking, let's roll.
If I was going to, you'd have to pick the right moment
to make maximum impact.
Right, so it'd have to be...
2020 election.
Yeah, and like announce yourself as like a candidate.
Oh, I think it's just the Bigfoot endorsement.
Oh, okay.
See, but that's the thing is like,
I would want to do it just when I felt like
people stopped believing in Bigfoot,
and that's when it's going to make the biggest impact.
Because if everybody already believes you're there,
big deal, right?
Then you're like, I'm Bigfoot,
and everyone's like, yeah, we fucking know.
But it just feels like if you could wait until
like the tipping point where most people are like,
yeah, you know what?
There's no Bigfoot.
And then you're just like, boom, I'm Bigfoot.
That weird guy at the grocery store was right.
That would be good.
I'll tell you the problem.
I'll tell you why I probably would,
this would be a firm no for me if I was the Bigfoot,
is I would step up and I'd be like,
hey, I do a press conference.
Hey, Bigfoot, big and hairy, and I live in the woods,
and I just want to chill.
So I just wanted to say, hey,
because I know y'all have a lot of internet fights about me.
I want to put that to bed.
It's me, the Bigfoot.
Jack Links, don't appreciate your whole thing.
I'm pretty chill.
So Harry and the Hendershins is the best,
is a great movie, best movie ever made.
They actually got it the closest to right.
So well done.
So anyway, I'm going to go back to the woods.
And there'll be a lot of people who watch-
Also, Jill Stein 2020.
Okay.
Jill Stein 2020.
Just wanted to get that out there.
To get ahead of it.
Don't have a bunch of debates about sort of who I'm going to support,
because Jill Stein 2020, bye.
2020, bye.
There'll be a lot of people who watch that press conference
who didn't have particularly strong feelings
about the existence of Bigfoot,
who would then see it and then say,
wow, I want to eat that thing.
Oh, yeah.
Do you know what I mean?
There'll be people who don't particularly have feelings about it.
They would see the Bigfoot do the press conference
and say, hey, I'm Bigfoot, I'm real.
Jill Stein 2020, legalize it.
And then wander back off in the woods.
And there would be people who would say like,
I wonder what the meat and flesh of that animal would taste like.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
I want to wear him like a jacket.
I want to wear him like a jacket.
There's only one of them.
And I'm sure the meat is maybe tough and gamey,
but it would be the only way to ever have it.
And there'll be lots and lots and lots and lots of people.
We could not satisfy.
We'd have, unless we did like a real Okja situation,
like we would not be able to fully satisfy the hunger
for this being's flesh and meat.
Griffin, who do you think is the most famous person
who would want to eat Bigfoot?
How famous is Ted Nugent?
Cause that's a hundred percent guaranteed.
Yes.
I bet maybe Gordon Ramsey would want to eat Bigfoot.
Oh, the entire, the chef community would be,
I mean, certainly there are chefs who would be like
more into like sustainable sources of meat,
but then there would be like Wolfgang Puck
would like format it like a militia to get the Bigfoot.
I have a think piece for you.
I have a think piece for you here
that I'd like to craft in this moment.
I was looking up a study and right now,
according to the best research that I could find,
most recent research, around 20% of Americans,
one in five, believe that Bigfoot is real.
Okay?
Okay.
One in five.
Okay. If Bigfoot goes on TV and does a press conference
about how he is real,
that is broadcast across all the major news stations,
the next morning, what percentage of Americans
believe Bigfoot is real?
This is like, what I'd like to posit is,
has it changed at all to see that?
Is it less or do fewer at that point?
How many people would watch Bigfoot talk on TV
and say, hi, it's me, Bigfoot.
I'm real.
Jill Stein, 2020, legalize it.
How many people after that press conference,
the next morning wake up and then believe Bigfoot is real?
This is an excellent point, Justin,
because there are many people in the world
that I know are real,
but at any given moment when I'm not looking at them,
I don't believe they exist.
What's the number?
I think-
Bigfoot goes on TV, does a press conference.
Before this press conference, one in five Americans
believe Bigfoot is real.
What is that number after the press conference?
Well, fuck, Justin, there was a hologram of Tupac
who just like performed at a thing
and they've got the green screens and the CGI's.
Boy, you are really working so hard to dodge these-
15%.
What?
I think it drops.
That's about-
Oh, interesting.
That's actually where I was.
Because I feel like there's a percentage,
there is a not insignificant percentage of the Bigfoot crowd
for whom seeing Bigfoot give a press conference
on the national media would probably lower their chance
of believing in Bigfoot.
I believe that there is a percentage
of the human population.
There would definitely be someone who would see it
and be like, oh no, that's not Bigfoot.
Yes, right.
That's just a large talking ape man,
but that's not Bigfoot.
I mean, if the last- I have drawn Bigfoot and he looks like this
and he has ripped pecs and he has just like a 12 pack
and he kisses real good and that's not him.
I mean, if the last few years have been any indication,
if it does appear on the news,
there will be people instantly on Facebook like,
if they don't look that big to me.
Anyway.
I would want to eat him.
Yeah, I think we'd all want to sliver that-
But not all of them.
No, no, no, no.
Just enough.
See, now I'm picturing some kind of a movie,
a buddy comedy of Bigfoot comes out,
announces himself, then the whole world wants to eat him
and it leads to this worldwide hunt for Bigfoot
and he has one friend who helps him
and it's Guy Fieri and they team up
and Guy Fieri has to protect him
from all the other chefs in the world
and they just go on adventures together.
Maybe it's more of a sitcom,
maybe it's like an hour long,
not really sitcom, so much as a humorous drama.
Yeah, and at the end,
you're envisioning sort of a departed style ending
for this one because really Guy Fieri
is just trying to find a deep fryer big enough
to get the entire Bigfoot in it at once.
At the end, Bigfoot dies of a heart attack
but as he's dying, tells Guy Fieri,
you're the only one who deserves-
It's okay.
Yes, please do it and Guy Fieri's like,
I don't want to, so Bigfoot climbs inside of his mouth
and makes him chew him up and it's really touching.
Do it, Guy Fieri, oh, no, no, no.
He jams his huge hairy fist into Guy Fieri's huge hairy mouth
and just makes with his other hand,
just kind of forces Guy Fieri's jaw
to go up and down and up and down.
As Guy Fieri cries donkey sauce.
Yeah, yeah, he cries donkey sauce directly into the mouth
to add the flavorings and take it straight to flavor town.
It's basically like the arm cutting scene in 127 hours.
It is long and it is brutal and you see all of it
but it's pathetic.
If anybody can get Bigfoot and Guy Fieri to commit
and we know which one of those
is gonna be the most difficult,
then I will kickstart that project.
And then after credit scene, Guy's hosting the Triple G,
Guy's grocery games and one of the contestants
runs back down the aisle and he's like,
all right, what'd you get?
And he's like, well, I got some Tabasco sauce,
I got some Panko bread crumbs
and I got one pound of Bigfoot meat
and then it cuts to Guy Fieri's shocked face
and he's like, where did you?
Into a question mark?
Okay.
Got a haunted doll watch.
Okay.
It's a brief one.
But this is kind of a unique approach
that I had not seen before.
So I wanted to highlight this haunted doll named Goldie
Who I will say Goldie does not look all that creepy kind of a sweet doll if I'm being honest kind of just like a
Just looks like kind of a sweet doll to me
I'm gonna send you all the link so you can enjoy Goldie
You're not gonna be able to find Goldie when you're in this episode because Goldie's only on sale for another 26 minutes zero bids on
Goldie currently starting bid is $38 which is
Kind of a buck wild starting bid amount just kind of seems like you snap that one out of midair, but anyway
This is oh my god, Justin. What?
Just the this supplemental images
Kind of sweet doll, that's all
It's just kind of sweet doll
Anywho, this is Goldilocks
This is quote Goldilocks quote. I've been working with her for a while now and discovered. She died a
Horrible death I took pictures of the response
I got when asking her several questions about when she died and who killed her other things that came up were quote violence
Hand hell and copper I can send you pictures of these words on my device
If you like I was limited by the number of pictures I can post
What's the describe the device Justin it is?
It looks like
Okay
It's a phone
Definitely, it's a phone and
It looks like there's like meters and stuff at the top and then below it. There's like
the NES font
basic like Mega Man NES font
Describing I
Guess what the doll is trying to communicate. I don't know if this is a program or what but it is amazing
Here are the images like the text on these images is
inside
you
That's the first one and it's the best one
I wish you had started with another one because it's the best one what possible what?
Possible question could you have posted this hounded doll that the response inside you would be an acceptable
next seven
followed by light and
then believe him
Oh my God, okay, wait over. These are all discrete images gorging
Maniac
Not brave if only there was a word that meant not brave
Afraid is the next image Griffin afraid
Not brave not brave
I know there's one. That's like easier. Hey you have a limited number of images
You can share and you're going to do both not brave and afraid last one is cremate by the way
So you do have that going for you. I don't know what I'm putting out a bounty on this fucking program
Please someone tell me what it is. It looks like an iPhone app, and I need it desperately
So here's the lesson it says right here Justin if you have any questions, please feel free to ask yeah
What app is that please I do I want to say that this is this is the reason?
I'm I'm reading this and not discuss this these great great
ghost communication app that apparently exists
the
After all this at the end this question this Lister says I also ask that you place her in a room you use
most
So you can connect?
Spirits take time and the more time you spend with her the more she will show herself to you
Please be patient. She is an amazing fine
So it's not just like I'm going to get one of these as like a novelty
It's like I'm going to put this doll in my home in a high traffic zone
So I can really get comfortable with the ghost that's in this doll
I wanted to be somewhere where companies going to see it. I wanted to be somewhere very prominent. I've never seen
that that sort of
requirement on a ebay listing I mean it's word of mouth marketing in that
Please talk about the doll to all your friends to give them the web address of my ebay shop of
Haunted items this person's this person's on some some next-level
Multi-level marketing shit. I do want to warn you that as you connect with her more and more
She will start to send you that inside you message more and more
It's time to sell her
Folks that's going to do it for us this week. Thank you so much for
listening to our program
I want to say real quick. I got a new podcast. It's a meditative show about cereal
I made it for anxiety sufferers and people who like cereal and people who fit into both categories
I made it with the creator of a cereal blog called serial asleep named Dan Kuber and Dan
And I record this very relaxing show that you could find at bowl dot rest
It's just an opportunity to zone out you can also go to bowl dot rest to support the show
And I'll proceeds from the show will go to half
We'll go to keep the lights on over at seal is seriously and the other half will go to
Food pantry in the Huntington West Virginia area, so you're helping support two great things
And I hope you get a lot out of it
And I hope it'll help you to relax I use podcasts a lot to relax
When my anxiety is at its peak, and I hope that this can be the same for you
So that's the empty bowl bowl dot rest is where you can find that and hope you check it out
Justin how many times now have you told people about this and had to clarify like breakfast cereal not like the podcast
This is the reason that I don't have cereal in the title Travis, so I would not have to repeatedly have that conversation
Okay
also real quick, I'm doing a
Cincinnati underground society show here in Cincinnati on the 23rd
So this Sunday get your tickets for that and also for my upcoming New York comic-con events
Those are on McElroy shows comm slash tour
Tours so check those out
And just in general we add stuff to that tours page quite often so you know check it on the reg
Anything else oh we have the the podcast merch on
McElroy merch calm including our
generic podcast merchandise and a portion of that it goes to benefit a
Huntington West Virginia charity that is working to combat drug addiction so check that out McElroy merch calm
I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters for these for a theme song
It's a departure off the album putting the days to bed
It's a fantastic album, and you should you should support John and the long winters by by getting it at
I don't know a Suncoast or whatever, but also thanks to maximum fun for having us on the network
You can go to maximum fun org check out all the great shows there shows like friendly fire shows like switchblade sisters
Shows like one bad mother and so many more all at maximum fun org
And you can check out all the shit that we do at McElroy shows comm y'all want that final though. Yeah, yes of course
I do here is the final yahoo. It was sent in by Katherine green. Thank you Katherine. It's by an anonymous yahoo answers user
We're gonna call them
Sharky asks
Why is everything at my grandma's house moist
My name is Justin McElroy
I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy. He's been my brother my brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
You say
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artist-owned listener supported
We've all made mistakes in book club, right you drink a little too much you don't actually read the book and
If you're under the bubble in Fairhaven your individual will get subsumed by the collective
Hey, maybe I just let him go and whip us up some guac. We do not require guac
We require only nutrients and expansion you will become book club
You will eat spray and love with us join book club
Bubble the sci-fi comedy from maximum fun org just open your podcast app and search for bubble
