The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modren era
I'm laughing already just get excited about these these jokes
I'm Justin mackerel your oldest brother. I'm Travis the unappreciative I
Don't think you can say that. I am I'm feeling it Griffin
Yeah, but it does smack of like now appreciate. Do you know what I mean? Yeah?
Yeah, why do you think I would say Griffin if I wasn't saying like I wish my brothers appreciated the hardware. Oh, it's us
Okay, I yeah, I thought you were saying like the audience. No, I'm universally beloved, but
No, well, I don't know if you guys love me
I don't want to put though. I just know that you don't appreciate the hard work that I do for you
Okay, because these day in day out. I'm deep in there mining that good content on tik-tok
Curating a certain amount of like quality content for you. I texted you guys no response. Yeah
Yeah, like I get I send you like two to five tik-toks a day. Yeah, man. I mean I mean
Minimum I mean sometimes there are good days, you know where you go down the mines and you're like, oh
I was going for 16 tons, but I got 18 tons
you know what I mean, and then I send those tik-toks on to you and I thought this is a
baby who makes a funny face or
It looks like this dog is talking
This man has dropped a pizza down the sewer and my hand came out of the sewer to get the pizza
And now everybody's talking about pizza hand
Yes, and I'm like you guys love this and I send it to you and maybe they're not going through
Maybe there's some kind of data plan issue. No, they're going through there
I only get tik-toks on nights and weekends and you don't send them then. Yeah
I actually used all my tik-tok minutes
Oh well, and then you guys don't respond like haha good one or I really appreciate all the hard work you did finding
Oh wow, this tick-tock. Oh, wow. I mean honestly an emoji would be no that was me being surprised that that is something you expect
Like expect would yeah, I I nod
So I sometimes I even watch him which I think is is nice. Yeah, that's huge. That's a huge
Thank you bespoke tik-toks that I have. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I've dug through
Like the clearance aisle of tik-toks for you guys because I know that you have let's call it. What is very specific tastes
You like very specific. That makes us sound like perverts. Well, I'm not gonna say it right, but you guys have
particular
facilities when it comes to your comedy videos and so I go through I find them I dig to the bottom I find them and
I say although like this and I send it to you guys like I come to if you picture it in real life
I'm cradling these tik-toks in my hands like a baby bird like a baby bird and I'm handing them to you like here
No, this is like if the mama bird brought the baby bird like a Rubik's Cube and the baby bird would be like
I didn't ask for this. I didn't I don't know what to do with this
I don't know how to interface with this. Am I supposed to thank you mama?
Now when you entered into a relationship with me Griffin you though implicit in there
I hate the way that sounded implicit in there was when we began our
Connection our deep intimate
Connection you you had to understand that you would be getting these presents for me
Like if you befriend a presence is a fun way of saying what I'm the crow bringing you a shiny button, you know
And sometimes oh, it's a mint, you know, like 1916 coin
That's worth millions and sometimes it's a shiny button and you don't just thank the crow
When he brings you the mint coin you gotta thank him all the time, you know
Well, let me just go through the lot of the most recent tik-toks that you've sent me
Yeah, I'll watch them. I'll watch them on the air and we'll we'll know. Okay, so this is like
okay, so this is like
It's like a Willy Wonka joke
You sent one that's like a joke about Willy Wonka about how the girl and Willy Wonka asks for a bean feast and that's fun
Yeah, that is funny. So that's one that's one really good one. Thank you. I
Mean, here's my problem trash. I work really hard on my algorithm
Yeah, if there if there's if I am bored for a second half a second. Yeah a moment, right?
If I'm bored for half a second, I swipe what cuz I don't want I don't want I don't want I don't want
The algorithm to think oh he like this you want all wheat. No chaff. I get it. He look he like this. He like
So what if you send it to me and I watch it to the end because I'm like why the fuck when he said
You know, but the algorithm sees that and thinks oh he like it
My don't trust me Justin of all people like one of two brother one of your two favorite brothers. Yeah, like
Who do you trust the algorithm over me? You're trusting computers. My my algorithm is pretty much all
Hodor fan edits from Game of Thrones set to like cool anime theme songs
Yeah, so every time I turn on the app, there's there's just more Hodor and some of them is like here's there's some
Hodor's funniest moments and then some of them are quite sad. Yeah
Would you say more funny or more sad?
What sucks is sometimes it'll play like a funny song and Hodor will be like, you know
Picking up a big thing and you're like, I love that. Yeah, but then he dies. Oh, I don't like that
Oh, no, that's a bummer. You know, I have a secret account because I've used it to
My algorithm is so perfectly honed that I only get videos where people are picking up big hunks of ice
From the top of things and smashing them, but the ice also resembles
1990s kids TV stars. Wow, that's very specific
Well, there's only about four of them and then they just like loops through them over and over again, but god
I fucking love them. Yeah, I will watch I will watch Mark Paul Gosler's face get smashed on the ground
Well, all four all four out of context is bad. Well, he's made out of ice in ice work
They're just too long Travis if you sent me sick and maybe
If the time damn Griffin, they're at most three minutes
I'm not sending you war in peace
You understand that the idea of me sitting down to watch a three minute long video on my phone
Like when do I have that? That's the saddest thing I've ever heard Griffin
How long are your bathrooms that you don't have three minutes to watch a goddamn tick-tock?
How efficient are you in there? Pretty efficient man. I push it to the limit
Yeah, I go in and finish and I get back to work. You're doing a full-text Avery
I need six seconds. Do you realize that vines were perfect for me? Yeah, I know as I could go in there blast off
I could watch a couple vine on your reinforced toilet on 12 seconds. Yeah, I have a reinforced
I don't have some sort. I don't have like a special way of I do it the way most people use the bathroom
Thank you. Most people don't blast off in the toilet Griffin your words fucking read. Maybe you should
Read like habits of business successful business people my favorite book. Do they have it in a tick-tock form?
No
They have it in vine form and the vine just says push it to the limit and then blast off and then get back to work
That is that is shorter. I would guys believe Tommy Smurl fired me. I really it's still such a mystery
Yeah, I had the shortest bathroom breaks at that whole company now
I will say Tommy has told me many times about how you would announce time to blast off
Loudly every time you walked into the bathroom and he was a masturbation thing
The bigger problem is that I made my co-workers time me
Yeah, all of them at the same time to see if their watches sick
I wanted to make sure that there was no discrepancy in the timekeeping devices. Yeah, you can blame you
This is an advice show and we're going to help you
to start fresh this this spring to
Step in and to
Really just you know, yeah get it. Okay
You know what fancy can't take flight if you're weighed down by the old
Interesting so get ready your grandpa. Yeah
I meant like the grievances of the sandbags on your fancy hot air balloon
But no one in Moana when her grandma beats it. She's like fucking finally
She's been keeping me here I couldn't have done this if
My old sack of grandma was still alive. He made me squish her bananas in just the way she liked them
I don't have to do it. Never again. Now. I'm lying on the back of her stingray spirit. Take me out of here
Hey, Maui here. Give me that rock. I gotta put it in this lava lady
I love that movie
so
Read me a tiny tale that we might answer Justin a tiny tale. Yes a story from a list
Entertain me Justin and let me dispense my wisdom
I'm an aspiring judge for the Berkeley Springs International water tasting held annually in Berkeley Springs
West Virginia, I've heard of it West Virginia. I mean not the other part in order to prepare for the world's most prestigious
Water tasting competition. Can you please help me think of some adjectives or phrases?
I can use to describe the taste qualities of water and that's from your thirsty fan. Oh
excellent
Well, okay. Can you rate I feel like I feel like wetness is fixed
Wetness is fixed. You've never had a glass of water and been like
Wow
That wasn't that was not especially it. That was not a very wet experience. That was yes
I think for me, it would be about lingering wetness
We're like for me. I think it would all feel wet in the moment
Yeah, but I wanted to stay wet, right?
Is that if you stay wet the wet in if you stay wet, you don't have to get wet
Exactly. Thank you
Don't you wish you've been there the first time someone was talking about wine and they drink and drank it and the person's like
Mmm, very dry and their friends like what what?
What do you mean it's dry it's like it's a liquid it's can't be dry and they're like no
I just mean the flavor is dry and they're like, oh interesting. So the opposite of that would be yes, sweet
That is the opposite
There's too many letters in there my friends you're fucking up just like it's wet
Is it wetter like why would you choose dry to describe the flavor of a liquid? It's so confusing
Yeah, did you know I I'm trying to remember if it's one. Yes. I think it's in wine. There is a
taste quality of chewy
And
No, I don't think you can just say like somebody said that and then like quadruple down on it
So hard fun that everybody started to like question it right? Like somebody was like, oh, it's chewy
What? Okay. It's chewy. I've got Travis has led me to
a list of
Esoteric wine terms from wine mag or wine enthusiast as it's called now
Umami could be a fun way to describe water
I think that actually right what is water but umami flavor because it ain't it ain't the typical old
Straight out the waterfall water typically isn't
Sour, it can be salty, but I don't think you're drinking oceans water, but I mean sulfur in there
Oh, that's um, that's umami right there
Any water that comes out of the sink in Florida? That's umami right? That's umami
And I think also what we're finding here is a question asker if you start any observation with oh
That's blank right not to be questioned
because that ooh
Represents a my seasoned palette has made a right look like you can't just like bitter right? You gotta be like, ooh
That's a spicy one. You could say this is a this this water is a
Closed vintage it needs
This water is not ready for primetime. It needs to bud and bloom and blossom. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
That's a bad bake. That's a bad. Bake is a one. That's a bad
you know, I actually said that and I think we all agreed that I
especially am like the girl from science where if a glass of water has been sitting out for longer than
Six hours it is it is an impotable. I drink water from a
Bottle, that's like at least a week old get out of here
Oh, yeah, you lose your water bottle and then you find it later. Like I lost my world's best dad water bottle
For like over a week on it this morning next to the paint next to the paint sink
Wait, had you drunk out of it previously or was it untouched? No
I
Your bacterium we're just
Coming around and I'm just here enjoying it. And that was the last they ever heard of Justin. It's just water guys
How do you yeah, but your mouth bacteria goes into the water?
Changes in all kinds of terrible ways becomes a paramecium brain disease
There's there's a society setting up inside your body now. You've got if I can and I'll say it again
I've said before I'll say it again. You got an osmosis Jones situation happening Justin
I mean your osmosis Jones situation. It's like some it's like the thing inside it there like your eyes
It's not a fun little white blood cell who like teams up with David high medicine
Instead, it's just like a bunch of monsters that came out of your water. But if I don't I have the wonderful
combination of not wanting to drink old water, however, I see it and
ADHD so I'll fill a glass of water set it down and five minutes later
Can't remember which of like the glasses on the counter was the one like what was I drinking out of?
And so the only safe thing to do is assume they're all old. Yeah, cuz it's just why that's a good thing
But why you just dump it out or throw it in the toilet or whatever cuz it's just water and there's always more of it
On the planet the dinosaurs had where we need to we need to focus here
Must you yeah describing water muscular water must this is a strong water
That's a powerful virile water very muscular. Oh, that's here
You can also make it really really completely subject like oh, that's a water to write home about
Right and so like that's vague sounds positive sounds good
Right and no one's gonna say to you. That's not true. Hi guys. It's me. Justin. I
I thanks for opening my letter. I have to tell you about this guys. All right, I see God check out this water
I sent some of it along in the envelope
And enjoy some of the muscular
There's a I have to read this from from wine enthusiast one of the terms they use feminine
Then it says don't automatically bristle at this gendered wine term
You can't just
It perfectly describes wines that tend to be lower in alcohol and tannins. This is a quote from Ross Wheatley
Perfectly Ross Wheatley director of food and beverage at Lucy restaurant and bar in Yonville, California
Imagine a wine that has similar characteristics to a woman and her best qualities a wine that is light refined and delicate might be called
Feminine the polar opposite of those so-called masculine qualities and wine strong muscular larger and bigger, but don't
Don't bristle don't automatically bristle. Wait, can we explain it? So you can really really bristle
You're gonna fucking bristle, baby. However much you're bristling right now. It's not enough
Don't use up all your bristling now
Let us explain it don't burn out on the bristling now. There's so much more bristling so much more to come
This one really good
I think the only wine term I like is sweet because I
Understand that and it's what I want like if I'm being I would like a wine that tastes good, please like fruit tastes
I
Good fruit taste, please
Listen, if there's any professional Somalia's listening and I hope you're professional because I don't want to meet just like yeah
Please start I it would mean a lot to me personally if you guys would use gross
But use it like it's a good thing like chewy about a wine is like, oh, that's a gross wine
I love that. This yucky wine makes me want to barf. Oh, yeah. Oh, no, it's so rare to find a wine this yucky
That's great. Really? Oh, that's a man. Oh when I drink this it makes me want to die. This is nice straight-up piss
Love this. What is this? Oh, this is Magelmoor wine
Hey, should we go to the wizard? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah wizards got something helpful for us today. It was sent in by deli
Thank you. Deli. It's it's there's no name on it as wiki house staff. It was up. I wrote it. Oh great work trap
This one had 42 co-authors. So a lot of cooks in the kitchen. I was one of them. I was the third
Yeah, okay. So this one is how to flip someone off with style
Yeah flipping someone off is a classic nonverbal signal for showing anger and frustration toward a person
You might flip the bird to someone who has cut you off insulted you or otherwise provoked your ire
Yeah, I'm not gonna read the rest. You guys know what it is means
Before we start can I ask just um?
Um, do you guys have a most memorable time that you were flipped the bird?
hmm
Cooper did it to me one time real good. Nice. Oh, yeah, she got you. She got me when she was like a
Like her fine motor skills should not have allowed her to isolate a finger
Yeah, let alone her middle finger, which is not the easiest finger to isolate but she was you know
I want to say two months old and she gave me a cold one right to my shoulder blades. I
Still feel it when I was about 23 one time I was trying I was working in Charleston about an hour away from home
I was driving home and
This car I saw it out on my periphery pulled up next to me and then like on the highway
Stayed like side by side with me for a long time and I was like, I'm not gonna look I'm not gonna look
I turned finally and looked and this person is complete stranger
No idea who this is flipped me off in such an enthusiastic happy way
But like forcefully like I felt the impact in my chest
Yeah, and then threw his head back and sped away. Yeah, and I still I remember it to this day
I still feel it in my heart
My friend steve-o who I worked with at Best Buy, uh-huh
when the customers would be
Really rude to him. He would wait until they'd turned around to walk away and then he would flip them off
And he used to call it a cold one right between the shoulder blades. That's where I got that term
Okay, I was wondering where that came from it popped out of my mouth and I was like, why did they call it that?
Yeah, yeah, Steve. Oh Steve. Oh Steve. Oh did it? Okay, let's get into it. Give someone the finger
This is straight simple straightforward into the classic flip-off
Turn the back of your fist towards someone as though you were shaking a fist at them then extend your middle finger
Yeah, hold the pose in this part. I don't ever do and look the person in the eye. Oh, oh you gotta do that
You don't do that. No, I look down at the finger. I want to make sure I'm doing it
Oh, I think my eyes dart from finger to eyes finger to eyes like see that get it
All right, yes other hand is an option. Oh, yeah, I'm doing with my left hand, but I'm pointing with my right hand
Don't miss this don't miss this somehow or thought you do the West Virginia or not. No, I don't know
Come on, cuz that could mean anything
Okay, so try using both hands. Yeah, whatever that's twice as good the double deuce
Yeah
It does say as sort of a subsection to this second tip do the X
Cross your middle fingers into an X and hold them against your chest facing the offense. That's cool. I'm trying that right now and that feels really
Oh, that has a Chris Angel energy to it for some reason. Yeah, I feel like that's how Chris would flip people
Yeah, he would definitely and he'd do it with both hands and then he'd be like, is there a third hand there?
Yeah, wow. Yeah, now it's more of an asterisk
Switch fingers this one. I don't understand and I'm even looking at a diagram for a somewhat more
dynamic insult flash your left and right middle fingers at the person in rapid succession
Alternately keep both middle fingers extended and wave them around for emphasis. Oh, I see you go like left right left, right?
Right, right, right, right. That's hard to do. I get cramped when I try to do that
But yeah
I feel like that leaves you open to really undercut the moment because then like what I'm like, I lost the hold on
I lost the pace
This is a good workout
If I saw someone do this to me I would be pretty impressed actually
Yeah, all right. So now we're getting into some discrete flip-off moves act like you're itching your nose
They talked about that on it, what was the fucking show with Tim Roth where it's all about microaggressions and like you see
Oh, yeah
What I don't think it was bull yeah
Okay, I don't think him Ross. I think it was watch. I think it was either bull or Bosch
I think it was beep
Beeper it was beeper Bosch or boop. I can't remember which show it was
Act like you're itching your nose. We did that one flip the person off behind their back. That's a good one
That's just that's some cold one real steve-o style the do the now
We're getting sort of theatrical and this is the opposite direction and these I've never heard of some of these and they made me
Fucking bust do the jack-in-the-box flip-off. Oh, that's a good one
But you're like doing the cranking it up and it's like getting bigger and bigger and it does say here make sure you have the person's
Undivided attention this move takes a bit of time to pull off
While driving cuz you need at least one hand on the wheel. Come on. Yeah
uh, yeah, well, you can put your elbows or your forearms sort of at ten and two and then yes
Or how and fucking funny would that be if somebody tried to do that?
This is the dent that I did it what check this out
This is how I feel about and then the other person was just like I'm gonna walk
I will leave before you can finish them by I'm on my way out the tool
Okay, I'm not gonna receive the bad part of this maneuver. You can't trick me into doing that
Practice the balloon hold your fist in front of your face and put the tip of your thumb in your mouth and act like you're
Blowing up a balloon blow into your thumb and slowly extend all your fingers as if your breath is inflating them
Then you hold the middle finger of the balloon hand with your other hand and you move the thumb away from your mouth slowly close
The other fingers on your balloon hand until you only your middle left finger is so much work
Yes, I I've always thought that that move makes you look like the silly one
Right like that is blowing up your hand like a balloon doesn't it makes you look like a silly person that doesn't embarrass the other
Person so much as it's like that's a lot of work. Yeah for what you've done to me
It's like the holding up three and saying read between the lines, which I'm betting is on this list. It's not that's funny though
Read between the lines you hold up all three fingers
I like that one a lot because you can do that at school and not get in trouble
This maneuver requires you to put your filthy hand in your mouth
Also like who's on the losing end of this one the person who you have done the balloon flip off to or the person who?
Has contracted the novel coronavirus you you are the one I?
Also, I'm imagining somebody having this article open following these directions step-by-step to do the balloon flip-off like
Hold on
Pretend to find your middle finger like that's in your fuck. Yeah, that's good. Yeah
Yeah, but if you don't find it though, that's gonna be terrifying and what's really fun is you can do this
You could actually keep this going for a long time. Hey, have you seen it was right? No, I just had it
But can you look in that? Oh, I found it and then they're like blown backwards
Yeah, the longer you take the better if you can make it last a couple days. Yeah, I just had it
Pull it up, but it's your ring finger. You're like, oh, no, shoot
I thought this was it and what's great is you can do this one and it can be like a fun game for a baby
Too, you know, where's my middle thing? Can you help me find it? Where's my where's my daddy finger?
My favorite one and it's a little intricate
It's a lot like the balloon one, but or the dragon box really but you don't I think it's less embarrassing for you
And you hold up one finger you didn't make it kind of a show right and you go
Well, I don't know that's the index finger but an unknown. Yeah, and then you hold up another hand
It's empty, but and then you slam them together and that finger jumps over to the middle thing on the other
Yeah, and it's like a magic trick
Horrible that song for babies daddy finger daddy finger. Where are you here? I am here. I am. How do you do?
You know that one? Yeah, but I think I think the daddy finger is the thumb
Yeah, so but the middle finger is so much bit. The mommy finger is the index. Yes, brother finger
I think is the yeah, because it's immature, right?
That's that's the immature finger. It's bigger, right because sometimes dads are not as big as their son's
Sometimes it's bigger. That's fair. Yeah, but that that the thumb does so much more work, right? The thumb's got a job
What's the middle finger doing?
Right, like if you think about it your index finger and your thumb are the hardest working fingers on your hands, right?
That's why it's mommy and daddy that that doubt that middle finger. It's not really doing a lot, right?
Yeah, I like doing a lot. Hey brother fingers should have been what we called the this podcast
Fuck no, wait, we might have attracted a different audience. If we try on crowd, I think would be drawn to brother fingers
Hey try the trumpet
Blow on your thumb while pretending to play the trumpet and flow your fingers as though you're hitting the valves
Periodically hold up your middle finger add some musical effects for style. Pretty sure I did see Ace Ventura do this one
I think so, too, but also Griffin the way that you send the trumpet made me think you're going to go into Mambo number five
Thank you. Okay good. Okay, our brains are broken in a very similar voice. All you said was the trumpet
Yeah, I was like, oh, okay. Here we go. Monica. I said it that way all purpose
Yeah, you're you're playing with our Pavlovian response
Absolutely. I am this is honestly the reason why I included why I wanted to do this article because the last
Maneuver is one I've never seen before
Try the double extreme
Extend the middle fingers of both hands then bring your arms behind your back and through your legs
You should have both middle fingers clearly presented note only people with long arms can pull this off
Okay, well through the leg. Wait, hold on around the back and through the legs. I see you trying to
Like work through the physics of this
It's like they're your middle fingers are basically going to be sort of pressed down against your inner eye
While you are in sort of almost a seed like a squat while you're your middle fingers are
Imagine if you were you squatted grab your thighs and tried to rip yourself in half
Why instead of doing that you just use your middle fingers? It's very unpower. It's a very
It's a very obsequious way to I think this one the double bird seems like you're inviting people to push you over at this point
Unless the thing is here like I'm flipping off and I made you look at my crotch at the same time. Yeah
Yeah, that's the oh, that's a good that's a that's a good actually I'm turning on this one. I like it
You like it now. Yeah, I'm gonna do this to a bag to a bad guy
I don't like another good one and it's one of my favorite also when magicians do it
They see it in front of like a background right and the cards just seem to keep coming in their hands
And they're like pulling them out of thin air
You could do that with middle fingers to where they're coming from all what there's so many
That's a good one, too
And once again, then you're distracted when your friend can pickpocket them if I ever did meet the Pissed Man
Theodore Cruz
and I
Realized that this would be my only opportunity to try the double extreme on him
Yeah, do you think that by the time I started this maneuver his like bodyguards or whatever would take me out?
Cuz they would think I was doing some like no, they'd love it. There's no way anyone who works for well
No
just imagine that imagines that the setup for the move of me like very quickly shoving my
Hands behind me and through my thighs like are they gonna think I'm about to go
You know, I'm saying they might they might think let's see how this plays out. Yeah, they might just roll a little bit
I would need a photo like a professional
Photographer like a senior pictures photographer on hand to me. You want to Jocelyn's there?
They would pull out their phone and be like, oh shit geoduck. Hold on one sec
We were busy laundering your pants for the fifth time today
Cuz you piss cuz you piss like the feeling of the warm when it runs down. Did you say geoduck?
The big clam
That's not a Pokemon. Is it? No, it's a big clam
Geodude geodude or perhaps Psyduck. Yeah, I kind of fused them together when those I've always wanted those two to
Fuck, you know to fuck. No, it's it's about more than sex with these two. There's romance
They have so much in common
Here's you see did you see the piss boy in interviewing the
Potential Supreme Court justice and he asked about a children's book about anti-racist baby. It's babies, right?
Hey, hey, I got one for him, but the scorching real bad as babies racist
God this fuck I can't talk about this
The basil is new governance. No
Does he do governance or does he literally just troll 24-7?
He I think literally just trolls 24-7 him. He recently missed a flight at an airport in Montana
And he got a little unruly and airport police had to help defuse the situation and then a day later
He was like, I don't think you have the temperament to be a Supreme Court justice
He's like shit and I I would love to just give him the double extreme
Yeah, this and his and his mom wishes he was dead. Okay Wow, so Wow, just
Okay, so here's some quick community Q&A question, can you suck your middle finger as an insult don't yeah
Yes, as it can indicate that you're telling someone to suck it suck
It is a rude sentence that may offend people. So try not to use it too often or around sensitive people
Well, hold on now. Imagine this I flip someone off clear signal, but then I start sucking my own finger
Yeah, my friend
That's the most mixed
Signal I've ever seen in my yeah
Well, I get in trouble if I flip off my pet hamster if a parent sees you maybe or if a sibling sees you and tells
A parent but a hamster doesn't know what human hand gestures mean
You don't fucking know that just because the hamster can't respond
The hamster can't tell your parent can't an arc on you doesn't mean that when you flip off
You know little Jerry the gerbil or whatever that he's not like, oh fuck man. Yeah, you're close
Bros
Mmm, I don't want to yuck a yum here potentially, but is it bad to have a flipping off fetish?
Is it bad I I would say that if I was ever able to give
Theodore Cruz the double extreme I would get pretty hard
What technique would be most appropriate when dealing with a difficult child behind their back will be the best approach
They wouldn't see you so they wouldn't snitch
Wait, how difficult and are they your own child because if it's a kid on the playground who's being a dick to my kid
Yeah, I want them to see there is a chance though that you flip off a kid and like who's you know
Who really like needs to be flipped off and then you have like, you know
Like good will hunting kind of thing where it's just like hey, I needed that man. Thank you for setting my life
Thank you on the right path. Yeah, you're right
I am a dirtbag and I did trample your child on my never thought about that how I moved through space without
Considering the fact that there might be other children who might in fact be smaller than me around and I've never thought that maybe I'm the
Problem, but you flipped me off man, and you really changed
It's like you were pointing up which was the only direction I had to go
Right, you really turned my life around me and the parents come up the parents come up and they're like, thank you
Thank you. Yeah, and now I'm a doctor and I'm gonna save your life
That's you were in a car accident and I having to be driving by and the Lord works the mysterious ways man
And you flipped me off and you were my angel and now I'll be yours
I bumped you up the heart transplant list because 30 years ago
You gave me a cold one right between the shoulder blades right when I needed it. Yeah
And I turned around and saw it and you nodded and you pointed at it and I felt it in my heart
And it turned me around that day and now in the president and I'm president doctor and I'm gonna save your life
I'm gonna give you my own heart while I do the transplant. That's right. Watch I'm cutting it open right now
And I have enough time to finish and go fast. Go fast. Go fast. Go fast
Up. All right. I didn't you're gonna have to do the sewing up part yourself if you can handle that
And now I die
It's a beautiful story we just told doesn't and it was a true story I saw it on my Facebook
And then the liberal college professor fell down an open manhole and died
Oh
You know when God wanted to teach everybody a bunch of new languages he did it with the Tower of Babel and now you don't
I don't think that was the point of that story
Yeah, that's how God invented languages, but now they're all out there and they're all done
Babel is the name of the service b a b b e l it lets you to learn a different language
You'll be traveling abroad. You want to connect a deeper with family. She's got some free time
You want to expand the brain keep the neurotransmitters?
Pumping, you know today this day and age we're more connected than ever
You can have friends all across this great globe of yours who share her, you know
Whatever weird things you're into and you can talk to him about it using Babel
Babel has 15 minute lessons that make it the perfect way to learn a new language on the go
They got 14 different ones. Not just the boring ones that everybody knows but some like off the beat
They don't got Esperanto, but they do got Spanish French Italian German many others
Obviously, there's ten more than that. Yeah, I just did the math the speech recognition technology that the app uses
Will actually listen to you talking and be like, hey, that was wrong. No
Oh
It's like you don't even speak this language you can it's so weird in the settings you do have
Like high school bully setting where it's just like, you know, nice normally it's just like oh you can do better next time
But if you turn on a high school bully, it's like nope
That's great right now save 60% off your subscription when you go to babel.com
Slash my brother. That's babel.com slash my brother B A B B e l.com slash my brother for up to
60% off your subscription babel
Language for life. You know what guys? Oh
I used to think and this is really hard for me to admit. I used to think I wasn't a
short-sleeve button-up kind of person
Yeah, I used to think that I was only a long sleeve button-up and then roll up the sleeves when it was hot
Yeah, and it took it
Took my friends at stitch fix to help me realize that the problem wasn't me
it was that I wasn't finding the right shirts and
Now I look at my wardrobe and I see these beautiful
like short sleeve button-ups that are really gonna show off my muscles and I think thank God for stitch fix they saved me and
They can save you too because when it comes to looking good stitch fix has you covered say goodbye
to
Endless browsing and hello to fresh fix curated for your taste and size because here's the thing
I don't know about you guys, but I'm pretty sure I know about you two
The idea of someone saying what kind of clothes do you like and you're going?
Good ones that make my weird human frame
pleasant to gaze on
Yeah, you know, I like the ones that
with the
fabric
and so that's why it's wonderful to have stitch fix because they have like this quiz you can take and you could tell them like
Where you would wear it?
What kind of things you're into what do you do in your free time all that stuff?
Instead of just like having to actually know anything about clothes or fashion and they'll find it to you from work wear or
casual basics they can help you elevate your look and they will send you five pieces that fit your style size and price range and
You only keep what you like you only pay for what you keep
It's amazing. And if you prefer to shop but don't want to browse endlessly you can check out stitch fix freestyle
Which is an online shop built just for you based on your choices
So go take that style quiz so stitch fix can learn your preferences from your favorite colors to preferred fits and price ranges all that
stuff get started today by filling out your freestyle quiz at stitch fix comm slash my brother and get free shipping and returns stitch fix
comm slash my brother
My brother it's you you can wait. No, okay. I think it would probably be smart. Yeah
It's in yeah, I have to say it right stitch fix that calm such my
Blood I know it's calm slash my brother stitch fix comm slash my brother
Hi, I'm Biz host of one bad mother whether you're a parent or just no kids exist in the world
Join us each week as we honestly share what it's like to be a parent
I signed my stepson up for a camp that is actually in another state
I feel really stupid and I don't think we're gonna get the money back and then he found out that the car manual is
A book about cars. So now he's reading our car manual. We
So join us each week as we judge less will have more and remind you that you are doing a great job
Download one bad mother on maximum fun org. And yes, there will be swears. Hey
They're beautiful people. I'm travail Anderson, and I'm Jared Hill
We are the hosts of fan tie the show where we have complex and complicated
conversations about the gray areas in our lives the things that we really really love sometimes but also have some
Problematic feelings about yes, we get into it all you want to know our thoughts about Nicki Minaj and all her foolishness
We got you. You want to know our thoughts about gentrification and perhaps some positive question mark
Oh aspects of gentrification we get into that too every single Thursday
You can check us out at maximum fun dot org. Listen, you know, you want it honey. So come on and get it
period
You
Have another question. Yes, please. Okay, I
Recently pulled the trigger on something I've wanted to do for months and dyed my hair green nice
Well, I love the result and I'm very happy with how it looks
I'm having some annoying comments made about strangers and friends
The two that are most repeatedly said to me are did you diet for st. Patrick's Day and much worse?
Did you want to look like the Joker? Is that really worse?
Yeah, it's a little it's a lot worse Travis, okay, it's definitely worse I
Usually meet these questions with a chuckle and an excuse about liking the color
But they are really wearing me thin do I embrace this new persona thrust on me or is there a way I can dis
Dissuade these questions remember being asked that's from not so serious in the Northwest
I would say there's the third I should just you know, you don't have to embrace the Joker persona and please don't please for the good
Sucks. Yeah, at least one of the tasteful joke. Yes, what about a lesser threatening one Caesar Romero?
Yes, that guy was just kind of silly with big weird bombs
Big weird weird bombs
Bongs bongs. Yeah, probably and I think he painted over his mustache if I remember correctly. That's fun. That's great
Let's crank some cotton on that
I'll rip it
But I think that you don't have to accept it and I want to know how I got these nugs I
Don't think you can also dissuade it unless you like wear a sign or a shirt or something
But I think people can ask these questions. You just like no
Yeah, but no, but I mean here's the problem and and question asker you I'm so proud of you for going for it
And dying dying your hair green go for it. But here's what the the sort of thing that you gotta you gotta
accept is that
People see things that are different and they are curious about it and they want to say something and I mean like it's an external
Thing, right? It's not like you've privately started some sort of meditation practice or something. This is a public expression of yourself
So you got to figure out why and it's if it's another person's business and you say like, I don't know. I just felt like it
I did that stuff perfectly valid response, but you are gonna get people commenting on it because it's like
That's just humans. That's how humans are and you know what?
I think it's maybe not the work, especially if it's strangers doing it
I think that's great because it's like a good opportunity to like I don't know
You got the what's it as they say in the communication?
World like you got the what's it just they they they start the conversation and you can continue it meet meet new people now
It happens. It happens to me a lot that people will see my purple hair and clearly they feel like because I've done it
I want people to comment on it
And they can't think of something to say and people will just go purple
Yeah, and then that's the extent of this thing five-year-olds trap
I said, hey Griffin when it comes to social interaction. Everybody will often like devolve into that. Yeah, sure
Another option is you could if they say did you get that? Is that Joker hair and you say no, it's actually
Insert anime character here. Oh, yeah
We'll stop the conversation in its tracks depending on where you are and who you're talking to
That's fair because maybe you just started a new friendship. Yes. Um, it looks like the main boy in My Hero Academia
Has green hair. So that's one for you. Just say I did it based on the the main boy
Does Bulma have green hair? I can't remember. I thought Bulma was bald. It makes me really sad because I dyed my hair purple
Because I thought at the time I remember I went in and I said
I said purple like the Joker's and no one corrected me. I thought the Joker had purple hair and then no one
Commented on it, but I was already committed to the purple hair thing. You got your hair dyed purple to look like
I thought he was the last green. I thought Justin. I didn't look it up before
Stop and let us talk. You've said enough you said it just I blew it
No, you stop and let us talk when you went in to get your hair dyed purple
You wanted it to look like the Joker who has green hair. Well, I didn't know I didn't know I didn't look it up
I remember. You didn't know the color of it. Well cuz I but it's you're sure enough
You're sure enough to dye your hair. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you had the purple suit but not
I think that's what threw it, Justin. That's what threw it. Travis, I have I'm gonna give you one chance
Tell me that you're this is a joke for show. Yeah, I need to know that it's a joke for show. Now Justin
What does it say about your opinion of me that I have told you that I your 38 year old brother who has had his
Hair dyed purple for like five or six years now
Did it to look like the Joker, but I didn't look up a picture of the Joker beforehand
And you're like, I can't tell if this is real or not
What's that say? It's making me
Re-evaluate a lot about my life. Honestly, that's true. That's true. Actually Travis. That seems like a new problem and not a
Does it but yeah, no, okay, but this is a
It's like a Halloween costume Joker and it there's nothing better for your
Than just googling people dressed up as the Joker. Oh, I
incorrect
Googling community theater Shrek
Theater Shrek is great community theater Shrek is if you don't have that saved as a Google image search. I would highly
Highly recommend Google Google image searching community theater Shrek because they're all oh boy
Basically the best there every single one is a fucking purple
This one's a purple Shrek with a green nose and green ears
Guy wait Shrek not purple. God damn it
Oh, no, every image from community theater Shrek Google image search is funnier than anything
Every single one you just can't get him
Right. He just isn't gonna look right ever. Yeah
It just all looks wrong. It all looks if he's not rich. It's just him being realized and it's not the community theater
He looks weird in the musical too. Yeah, it's just you it's just weird to have a Shrek in real life
Well, it's the it's the uncanny valley Justin where if you actually got too close to Shrek
It's upset it right if he's bad if it's a bad or that doesn't look like Shrek. It's funny
But if you're like that, oh my god, that's fuckin mighty. I wish this was a video podcast
Can I just say Justin that donkey ain't great either
No, they're all it's all it's all we should do a video
one day of like community theater Shrek's because they're all
Really? Yeah, we should Justin. All right. Here's what I want. Oh my lord
Justin
The next live show we do I want you to put up pictures and we have to guess which level of theater
That is being performed at. That could be a fun game. If it's professional community
Alternate idea is we just at the next live show all show up dressed up as Shrek
Oh, I love the Kansas City is just around the corner
We as Shrek country as they call it Shrek country. It's time to put our show to the test Justin
Here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna build an hour-long slideshow of different Shrek costume pictures
And we are not going to reference that it's gonna play in the background as we try to do our show
Which one is funnier, right? Well, like I we would lose that every time every show. We're going to go amp to amp
Amp versus amp
Battle of the bands us versus theater Shrek just see who is funnier. They look so swollen
This one's got a huge
Eyebrows something about it does why?
Why can't the headpieces be that I'm looking at Alberta right now, Alberta Alberta's got some thick. We can't do this
You know, this isn't for podcast
I just have a problem with the headpieces seem like they were molded to somebody else
And then it was a different Shrek at the last second. Yeah. All right, let's stop guys. Oh
You can't just sneak into the room like that
Oh
Justin left so I came in and there's so many pictures of Shrek on here guys. What's up? It's Richard staying. Hi Richard
Welcome to the party. We were we were here. All right. Yeah, we've been here Richard. Welcome to the party boys
Right. Um, you ready to crank it? Wow. No Richard. No trap. You ready to crank a party out boys
He doesn't mean like the jerk-off way. No, no, no, I mean it in the regular way. Yeah, let's crank it out. Here we go
Hi everybody, I'm Richard Stank and I'm so excited to talk with you and be here on the show
I'm gonna do 50 jokes. I know everybody's thrilled to have me and I'm thrilled to be here with you
So let's get going with Richard Stank and my brother my brother featuring my brother my brother and me
All
right, guys, I just wanted to do something high-energy it can be so sort of like
Boring. Oh our show our show can be it can just be like not boring
But like there's people who like it, but like it's a little low. Oh
Okay, sometimes I like to pump it up get the real, you know, sure
Yeah, so hey guys
What's going on? I was promised 50 jokes, Richard. Yeah. Yeah, I can't deliver on that. I don't know why I promise it
It's okay. Richard was good. You have one. Can you do one? I I cannot joke when my heart is filled with such a sad
Yeah, is it about your walk with Christ no my walk stronger than ever bro, but thank you for asking
Had a standoff with the liberal college professor
Yeah, then he dropped it. He dropped his chalk and it landed this pack of is amazing
So and then he was hit by a bus and died. Yeah, and where did he go when he died?
Well, that's he's up to his walk with Christ. I would never suppose another brother where he was, you know
Okay, so anyway, like I'm pretty sad cuz I'm I'm out of the game. What?
I'm out of the scent game guys. Whoa, huh? Well, I'm
Married what a girl, right? She's
Singapore, you know, I don't wait this guy gets it. What are you in the last three months?
That one got it right there. You get it. You know what I'm talking about. She's a girl from Singapore
I'm married and it's like I love her so much. Did you just get married?
What is this new or have you been married this whole time? I just got married. Okay, I wouldn't have told you before this
I mean, yeah in one of ours
So I just got married to this girl from Singapore and it's like so special her walks first off the bodies fuck
All right. Yeah, what's her walk with Christ? Like though her walk every walk is like good, but she's like six foot five
And she and you're equal you're equally yoked as far as we're both six foot five super sexy. Okay, I
Just don't want her to drag you down. But no, thanks bro. Yeah, but she's allergic, right?
The first time she met me she get that this is actually our meet cute
She met me and got within three feet than me and blacked out
Oh man, Richard, you don't want that. Yeah
I'm actually amazed. You made it three feet like that club was hitting the Tom Ford
Ooh, the wood the little hard that night
Big old powerful sexual. This is a big boss fragrance that you're glossy
Look at this. You can't stay out fall fall into all that. Yeah
Drags you back. Is that a spring scent though?
Because I do need a new spring scent. I've been doing the imaginary authors. Why would you have a fucking ass that Tom Ford?
The wood would be a spring
Richard I'm still doing the imaginary authors when you sent me you wanna do like something with
Vetiver like spring freshness green Irish like something with like violet in it
Vetiver I'm not doing this anymore. I got the new game. Okay your boy
Is a Irish tweed by the way green Irish tweet in like the scent of green Irish tweed
It's creed green Irish tweet. Oh by the band creed
No, Travis here. You are wasting my time. Do you ever have you ever when you go to the store?
when you go to
Walmart, do you ever get?
Davidoff cool water. No, I don't when you go to Walmart to get the bacon and
Cheese and different bread that you need and you got to get
Underwear, do you ever get Davidoff cool water? I bake my own bread Richard. It's like
It's Davidoff cool water is like is is a green Irish quick
Increed a green Irish tweed like
Clone, okay does not clone not clone. It's a clone. Hold on. It's a clone. That's a clone
I got it does creed the band to make a celebrity fragrance. Do you know?
I'm not gonna talk about fragrance. I think I call it like with nose wide open
Stank is synonymous with one thing. That's fragrance. Sure, but if I can't do like clone cuz
She's too allergic. What's her name, by the way?
Sorry, I
Said ah Sarah three days. Oh Sarah three. Wait three days total or three days in one place. That's a nickname
Okay, what's her real name? I'm not gonna oh, yeah, that's fair. Yeah. Yeah, even as I was asking it
I yeah, everybody's trying to get to me bro
It sounds like Sarah stink might like might be the name. Oh, did she take your last name?
Stank is synonymous with one thing. That's fragrance if I can't do cologne. What's my what's my so what's your name waffles?
No, my name is still Richard stink. I just get the new thing waffle cheese. Oh guys
I'm now like a cheese lifestyle kind of guy. Okay, so like if you I like tell people in my youtube series
And like to talk that I do you do tik-tok
Yeah, do you want me to start sending you videos?
I'd rather you didn't cuz I don't want to like pollute the creative waters mine are like
It's like a lot of me eating ice
What? Yeah
There's a lot of tic-tacs of me eating ice and like sometimes it's just me
Squatting in my underwear with a pile of vegetables and I'm just like praising Christ for the bounty, you know, it's a good
I've seen those Richard. I didn't know that was you. That's me. Yeah, I do a lot of a lot of weird music choices with that
Oh, but not a jewel in there. It's all cheese. All right
like this is the new thing if you want to stink, but you don't want to make your life allergic then you just uh,
I mean, you know, but like you can get the nice good good spring cheese
Oh
You're gonna want to go out pine for like a nice spring cheese
Yeah, that's like a pressed cheese like Gruyere. Yeah. Yeah, or like
You know, it's like a that's like a just like pressed. How do you they press it? It's like a good
like
Sexy rind on the outside. I was like huge beast mode
or fragrance on there like fontina of the
Like what would you say? Alpine cheese like a mango goat cheese? Would that be spring ears that more summery?
That sounds pretty gross
That what I would cuz obviously just cranberry goat cheese is like fall winter. Wait, wait, wait, wait
Come make a cheese
Oh Richard Richard a goat you can make goat cheese. I read a book. I read him book. I'll make it
Yeah, you know cow doesn't that's true cow makes cheese, but you don't make goat cheese
They're actually doing really cool things with like non-dairy cheeses, can we just can we can we stop for a second?
Yeah
Richard I
Think that this might not be your calling. Yeah, your calling might be
to
Spread the word but do they make a person cheese, you know, Richard a person cheese. Yeah, I guarantee they do
You can move a milk anything with you. Yeah. Yeah, you've been watching me. Fuck. That's funny
Richard are you happy? I know Sarah makes you happy. But are you happy? I
Don't smell like anything. Oh boy. You're a neutral my hands smell like a okie
Cuz she's most of it smells really bad. Yeah. Hey my dad and it gives my hands a cheesy
I stink a smell that slingers when I walk in the club. Yeah, no one is like
Fuck be small this guy over here huge oaky notes. What is that?
So ha
Elixir like no one is like that. People are like, oh they let the cheese man in the club
He must be bringing more cheese for us to enjoy at our party that he is not invited to Richard
I want you to know you might not know this our show is
primarily an advice show
Yeah, I like to walk. Yeah, who would listen to me a lot by a few a few people, but I want to uh,
I can solve this problem Richard
No, this is a quarter great relief for me. I'm what you're gonna need and I saw this once
when I was taking a tour of the underground bunker at the the Greenbrier in
I'm talking to my friends!
Okay, Richard don't you're gonna need to build yourself
I'm talking to my friends for a podcast!
Richard don't yell, please. You're gonna need to build yourself. It's Sarah man
She wants to be come walk on the beach. Oh, that sounds nice. Actually, that sounds better
You're gonna build an airlock kind of thing, right? So you can enter the house, right?
Remove your clothing change into non perfumed clothing after I've already removed
I don't wear clothing usually unless I'm going to like a funeral. It's basically just underwear and a gold chain
Okay, you're gonna have some vegetables that you praise. I get it
You're gonna like fully shower off before you enter the home. You're gonna be scent free, but only at home Richard
Yeah, it'll be like the Andromeda strain, Richard
You're gonna sort of completely distinct before you enter into the domicile
And then you can reapply you can have a shed outside
Of your sprays. Yes, just like a spray down sink room
Yeah, you could get like a like a spray tanning booth, but just fill it with your you know, your stings
Yeah, and then stink up on your way out cuz here's the thing
Justin likes
perfumes
Justin despises what he calls raw cheese
Which is to say any cheese that hasn't been melted in sort of queso nacho form or sandwich form
or
Thank you, Justin doesn't know anything about perfume
But I believe he is actually garnered a lot. He's Jennifer garnered a lot of just through osmosis. Yeah
Ah, right. Okay. Yeah, because you do leave a lot of it around the studio my ectoplasm
Travis wait, don't just jump over that. You're what?
Excuse me, Richard. Are you a ghost? Oh
Lord he's a banshee. It seems don't make fun of him
Stop making fun of him. You're making him uncomfortable
Uncomfortable is that his uncomfortable sound?
Wow
Okay, this is my this is my English is not good you said ectoplasm what did you mean
Right that from that. I mean stink cloud that surround me
Is it my ectoplasm? What do you what is this word?
Ectoplasm ectoplasm. What do you what is the word goes the English word for your stink cloud?
That is in the room for many hours after you leave it
What is English word for this cloud? You got it. It's fine. You can call it that think cloud this
like visible where you can
Yeah
Yeah, I missed that god
I miss that how do people know if I've been in a room before or will be approaching it within the half mile
Yeah, I don't know man. You can leave cheese around you could sort of seed cheese. I
Don't even like cheese. Okay, Richard
Listen, I love I love that you are willing to make these sacrifices for Sarah, right?
But you need to make sure have you asked her if she wants you to make these sacrifices. She does. Yes. She made this
Okay
Okay, have you considered maybe just a long-distance relationship because those can be really fun and sexy or a boy-in-the-bubble kind of thing
Right where you I don't know how if it's long-distance like how I get it
Yeah, no, you don't have to say
We know
We know you waited till marriage, you know, my question is like how do you know no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, you don't have to say it Richard because we know it
Yeah
But it can yeah that parts tricky. I bet you could find a special suit though that would contain your stink but let your
Special, you know your little Richard out. Yeah, this thing that this thing thing Wow. Okay. Well, look at that
That's all the time we have I gotta go guys. Bye
See you in summer and in hell seems so far away. Hey guys. Hi. Hey, welcome back
you just
But you notice there's no stink around but there's a lot of cheese. I
Would be I'm just as heartbroken about that as you will be if you miss us
the McElroy brothers
In our 20 rendezvous fancy takes flight tour
tickets for all shows are on sale now at bit.ly forward slash
McElroy tours, but you're gonna want to get here in April for st
Louis on on you guessed it Travis for
We're back on the road on 420. I hope we don't get too high
Wonderful is gonna be opening that show. It's gonna be in st. Louis. It's gonna be for 420
You know that means couldn't have planned it better
I don't know what that means but also Kansas City, Missouri on a 421
Which is like one better than 420 and Minneapolis for my brother my brother and me on the 22nd and the Taz
Show on the 23rd. Don't miss that will also be in Boston, Mashantucket, Salt Lake City, Portland, San Diego, Washington
Detroit, Cincinnati and a virtual Taz in May
Mask and proof of full vaccination or negative COVID test within 72 hours of event start is required
Get your tickets at bit.ly slash McElroy tours. I also want to tell you about cus cares, which is a virtual live show
I am hosting this Friday April 1st
Our guests include Rob Corddry, Adam Brody, Christina Arielle, Montaigne
I asked them and they said yes
It's that and more. Yeah, you can get tickets. Well, I've also built friendships with them over time
Never mind too hard nc ticket.com slash cus cares. That's
C-i-n-c-y ticket.com slash c u s s c a r e s all proceeds are going to people here in Cincinnati
that are experiencing homelessness or at risk of experiencing homelessness. We're also stocking some free fridges with
Masks and COVID tests and it's also just gonna be a super fun show tickets are only eight dollars
It's this Friday, April 1st 9 p.m. Eastern Time. It will be available for two weeks video on demand after that
We're gonna ask our guests your would you rather questions so you can tweet those at me with hashtag cus cares
And we will ask those one more time. Those tickets are at cinciticket.com slash cus cares
Our dad has written a children's book called Goldie's guide to grandchilding. It comes out on May 10th
You can pre-order now at link tree slash Goldie's guide
That's a link tr.ee slash Goldie's guide Goldie's with the IES
We've got new merch
Yeah, yeah, well, I mean it's the end of the month so we got new for March merch March merch
We got a trial by Fieri sticker, which is a horrifying hot dog. That looks like Guy Fieri
We've got our candle nights 2021 special video on demand
You can pay what you want to watch it and all proceeds go to Harmony House
If you go to McElroy merch comm you're gonna see a whole new look there. Go check it. It's absolutely beautiful
We'll tell you more about it soon, but go check that out
Thanks to Montaigne for a theme song. My life is better with you and thanks for everything and thanks for everything. Yeah, absolutely
Absolutely, Montaigne saved my life
We have one time I was walking through a dark alley in crime alley and some thugs came and try to steal my pearls boom
There's Montaigne dressed like Batman. This is a punch. She lied. She didn't kill but she didn't
Know this absolutely it happened 100% It was the Dark Knight in Gotham
The Joker was there, but he it was just he and I hanging out quick impression
No
Right now I want to hear your Joker we've been talking about the Joker a lot this episode
So, can you just do a quick joke? Do you want my Mark Hamill Joker or I would love to hear your Jared Leto?
Really good. I have a really good Mark Hamill took her. Okay. Okay. Well, let's hear that. Yeah
What's something that the Joker would say? He's like Mark Hamill Joker
Oh, hey, Batman. Give me all your money. I don't think he robs Batman
He was super rich I guess that's true
You know the difference between you and me? I'm not wearing hockey pads
That's what he said, but that's what Batman says Joker doesn't say that
But Joker says it to him in a funny way where it's like it's he's written the Joker is dressed up like Batman
So maybe it's just real for him the show's okay. So just just Joker ribbing Batman. Yeah, just giving him a hard time
But with buds do that's
You got some dead parents much
Wow, that's actually pretty
Good but really dark Joker really he's are very good
But I think even Batman would be like, whoa, that's fuck shit
It's kind of spoiler to say that Batman has said yeah, how does it wait?
How does Joker know that Batman's parents are dead cuz he killed him. All right
I'm Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm the choker. Oh, too scary. You're my brother
No, this is my joke of a brother me can't scratch the lips
Oh
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
