The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, welcome to my brother and brother mean advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
And me, I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
Gather ye round, children. I have ye a story to tell.
Are you going to talk about the true crime that happened to you?
I'm going to tell you about the true crime that happened to me this past fortnight.
It was like a couple days ago.
Okay, we got to stop right now. Is this a horror story,
or is it a true crime story? Because you're kind of doing both things.
I tell you, Griffin, it is a true crime story about the horror of humanity.
The dark passenger that lives in all men's souls.
Okay, so I submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society.
Travis lost some furniture.
The story of the missing patio furniture.
Her tale of this tale through campfires, but it's telling has been changed.
I swear it happened to a friend of a friend of mine.
I thought that this was internet creepypasta, like a Slenderman.
No, it's true. The patio furniture was stolen.
Theresa and I, when we lived in our last apartment, had to set a patio furniture.
We moved to the new apartment. There was no room for it.
So we chained it together with our bikes in our covered parking space.
You made a little theft honeypot of the two most desired to be stolen things,
patio furniture and bicycles.
But we covered it in a tarp, Griffin, which seemed to remove it from inside.
That's gift wrap for stealers.
We shadowed it from the world, and the world could not find it behind the tarp
in which we hid it to keep it safe from prying eyes.
And so now in our move, we've decided not to take any of that shit with us.
So we sold the bikes in like 10 minutes,
but we couldn't seem to get rid of the patio furniture.
Now this patio furniture was all chained together in an awkward way,
stacked atop one another.
We were gone for about an hour.
We came back, it was gone.
We were very frustrated, but at the same time,
we had been trying to get rid of it.
Though for money, not for free.
Not for no money.
So I was perturbed.
Sounds like you lost a really good chain and tarp as well.
I just bought a heavy duty lock for like $25
that I was going to use on our storage unit.
And I was using on the chain, and that was stolen.
And that was a bummy out more than anything.
That lock was not two hours old.
So I took the dog on a walk hoping that maybe I could like,
I guess, scope the furniture sitting in someone's front yard.
The perfect crime.
And I did not find it.
And I got back to our apartment and there was a dude
like chilling out on our steps of our apartment.
And he lives in the building.
And I was like, hey, you didn't by some chance
like see a truck pull up and like take some patio furniture.
And he was like, what color?
As though there were a bunch of patio furniture.
I saw some red furniture get took.
Was that you?
I saw some yellow last week.
Was that you?
And so I was like, well, the patio furniture was black.
And he was like, oh, it's in the back of the building.
What?
And I was like, in the back of this building?
He was like, yeah.
So like I walked back there still chained together.
It was behind the building.
So someone had moved it from our parking spot.
I guess ostensibly to plan on breaking apart
the chain later and using it.
Or maybe the fact that you left a fucking eyesore out.
It was a covered.
You could not see it from the street.
A cover didn't make it invisible, Trav.
You couldn't see it from the street.
The only way you would have known the furniture was there
was by walking into our parking spot.
What are you talking?
Okay, but like, it's an eyesore.
I mean, they probably thought they wanted to park there.
I guess if you're worried about the beautification
of our parking spot, then yes, it's an eyesore.
I'm saying that's never part of anybody's landscaping.
I don't care if it was a tarp or covered or what.
The Property Brothers are never like,
and now we got a really nice tarp out here for you
covering some things we can't sell.
They don't show that on the show,
but I guarantee there's always a tarp
just like tucked into every corner
of every Property Brothers house.
You're not allowed to look under it.
Whoever did this just changed from a horror true crime story
to a hero story.
Cause whoever did this had to work very hard
to move this big chain together, bulky furniture thing.
I'm talking about a John Henry size two cows stacked up.
Like that's how big I'm talking of a man or a woman
or person just like grabbed all this furniture
and threw it behind.
It must've been really hard for them to do it.
And they only did it because you made such an ugly thing.
You made it a really ugly thing in the world.
It was a beautiful sculpture of furniture and chain
that they ruined.
And now that furniture is sitting in my living room
because now I might power huge and I don't trust the world
and I can't put it back out there or it'll just be gone.
Maybe this time I never find it again.
You wanna get rid of it.
Yeah, but I wanna get rid of it for money.
I'm an American, Justin.
I want money for my goods and services.
How much do you-
I would really like to know like,
unless you need patio furniture in your home,
what is step two after stealing a bunch of patio?
Like, where do you go to buy stolen patio furniture?
And where do you put it that it's not gonna get scoped?
Fucking Pier 1 Imports.
A lot of people don't know this about Pier 1 Imports.
Is that what those quotation marks are on imports means?
I always wondered.
Yeah, if you actually rearrange the letters in Pier 1 Imports,
it's STOL, pya pya pya.
Which is Missy Elliott for patio furniture.
Yeah, just stuff to keep in mind.
Everything in Pier 1 Imports is stolen.
You take it down to Pier,
you take it down to Jimmy at Pier 1.
He'll fence it for you right quick.
Whenever someone says it fell off the back of a truck,
it's always a Pier 1 Imports truck.
Yeah, that's true.
They have the worst trucks in the business.
I just wanna say, I wanna make a point
that this is Travis's final bim bam
that's gonna have that like Hollywood sheen.
You know what I mean?
This is the last flashy one.
I've gotten really used to all of our stuff
having like that Hollywood sheen.
And we're about to lose that for good.
And I'm glad we're getting in like some of this
true Hollywood stuff under the wire.
Like the time that someone moved furniture
that Travis left outside.
That's the kind of stuff that only happens in LA.
Travis, can I ask you a question?
Do you think it was Tom Hanks who did the furniture move?
Griffin, can I tell you?
It reeked of Tom Cruise.
Tom Cruise?
There's one thing I know about Cruise.
Loves patio furniture.
I am just so grateful to Travis
for reserving this story for us
and not selling it to this American Life or Risk
or another audio store, The Moth perhaps,
like audio storytelling format.
Actually, I'm gonna do it on Song Exploder.
What a departure for them.
Yeah, you can really pick up the travel.
It was just too juicy.
It was just too, they couldn't pass up the opportunity
to break this story.
Hey, give me a question, please.
I got one for you.
I'm feeling ready for it.
I recently came home to find my garbage can
and recycling bin sitting in the street.
Whoa, how about this synergy?
Normally, I would have just attributed it to the wind,
but my neighbors were placed perfectly up right back.
There's a possessive there.
This is not describing the position of their neighbors.
Their neighbors is-
Well, my neighbors are standing perfectly
in the middle of the street.
Our neighbors who are sealed in a giant Tupperware
like that one episode of Eerie Indiana
were placed perfectly upright
back where I remember seeing them in the morning.
I thought my relationship with the folks picking up my trash
was all right, but this has me rethinking that.
Have I angered my garbage man?
Can we get back to where we used to be?
And that's Jess from North Bay, Ontario.
Wait, what, hold on.
I don't know, wait.
I don't know that I've ever given two thoughts
to what my current relationship with the garbage
people collecting my garbage is.
Cool.
Wow, that must be a fucking relief
considering I probably think about it once a day.
Yeah.
Really?
Are you kidding me?
You are both homeowners.
My dumpster gets removed and put back
without my knowledge every week.
My relationship is such that I put some really...
I put some off the grid stuff out there.
Things that I don't expect them to take,
but they always do take it.
Yeah.
And then sometimes there's a lot of boxes
because I got on a wild tear
and started ordering a bunch of garbage from eBay,
like a bunch of FMV games from eBay.
There's boxes upon boxes out there.
And I'm so certain they hate my guts that...
Well, one, obviously, as everyone should,
I tip them at Christmas time, just run out there
and hand them a little bonus, get their beaks wet.
But I have actually taken to...
Oh God, this is embarrassing.
I've actually taken to when the garbage men come,
I take my daughter outside
and pretend that she loves garbage trucks as me and your children do.
To try to soften the relationship.
She waves to them and they wave back.
And I think there's no way they're gonna be mad at me anymore
after this one.
I would like to be on the garbage men side of that
where they're just like,
we're never coming back to the...
Oh, a little curl.
All right, one more week.
All right, one more.
We'll come back, we'll do them one more day.
I go really hard on Bulk Trash Pickup Day,
so much so that I've stopped getting the flyers telling me
when that day is.
What is this?
I don't understand.
Bulk Trash Pickup Day is just like,
it's literally just anything goes.
That was the original name of it.
It's like your couch day.
Yeah, just like fucking whatever, dog.
Throw your life away day.
And so I get worried that they're just gonna stop coming to my house.
And so I have a big pile in my garage of good trash
that I will put on top of the bad trash
to try and entice them into grabbing my can.
So underneath the...
I'll spend all day throwing away old onions
and stinky peppers and all kinds of stuff,
just a compost and old racist newspapers,
just putting all that bad trash in there.
And then on top of that,
I'll layer the box of an imported perfume
and I'll put that on top.
And so they open it and A, they'll see it and be like,
this is some good trash.
We love this guy.
And B, if they wanna just take that good trash for their own,
That's not how it works.
Well, if they wanna stick it to their backs,
like the trash people in the labyrinth.
Yeah, to make themselves bigger and more protected,
then they can do that.
I think they would take it
and they go back to the trash offices
and then they show it to all their friends.
Like, look what I found today, boys.
It's a perfume box.
I don't even know where it's from.
I think Azerbaijan.
No, they get frisked every day.
So that would be impossible.
Oh, we can't leave.
No, no, no, you don't leave with the nice trash,
but you can hide it in your locker
and show it to your friends.
Maybe what you wanna do to fix this back up
is to take Griffin's plan one step further.
And when they lift the lid off the trash,
you just spread some bills around the top of the trash.
Like there's just some like 20s,
maybe a 50 or two in there.
Be careful though,
cause they don't always open.
Here's the thing about garbage people.
They don't always lift the can lid up
to see if you've hidden good trash in there
for them to take home to their wife and child.
You're gonna have to hang a note from the tree.
Money in this.
Yes, but it can't say good trash
because then anybody would come get it.
Dammit.
Not only that,
if they don't open up the lid
and you throw away all those bills,
you've done a federal crime.
You have to do a secret code
that only the garbage will understand.
Something like bad trash, too stinky for all.
Yeah.
Avoid at all costs.
Banana peels, wink emoji.
For trash eyes only.
Yeah, cause that's what they,
that's what sort of like script.
They bring home,
how many cans did you bring in today, Roger?
And Roger's like 400 cans.
It's like, damn, here's 20 banana peels.
And that's how they pay them.
Oh, that's the company store?
That's the company store.
And then you trade in the banana peels
for uneaten bananas.
So it's like a one in one out sort of economy.
That's solid recycling.
Yeah, dude.
Like all the nanners you want essentially.
My relationship with them has improved
to the point.
I'll tell you how it fell apart.
We have, instead of bulk trash pickup day,
we have like, you call the city and say,
hey, listen, once a month you can call
and it's like, no questions asked.
As dirty as you want to be.
All bets are off.
Yeah, nastiest you can get.
Just like, whatever.
And a lot of times it's like furniture
that I'm getting rid of our place.
Cause you know, we did that thing
when we first got married.
It was just like buying like
whatever we could cobble together
at Target or whatever.
And then we're like, okay, well,
this is falling apart cause it costs $20.
Yeah.
So I need to dispose of it.
And I left it out there
and then called the city,
but I left, I put it out there on trash day
and then the trash guys took it,
but I'd already called and I want to say,
no, no, no, this isn't for you.
I understand.
This is like above and beyond trash.
You don't have to do this.
You're better than this.
Don't take this heat.
You can't stand this heat.
I know it's probably just you coming back
with a different truck later, but like,
don't take this heat.
You can't handle it.
Can we take-
But then they did.
So that's how I got mad at me.
Can we take a second to address the fact
that like, if you work at all
in like the trash collection industry,
you are a fucking hero.
Yeah.
I don't know how you do.
Like, I don't like to touch my own trash,
let alone the trash of hundreds of strangers.
The very idea of trash makes me very sad.
Like not sad, like, oh,
look at all this trash is being thrown away,
but that I have to deal with it in my own home
makes me sad.
And I wish that there were a robot to do it for me.
So the fact that you like do it
and take that heat for us.
I just want to take a moment
if you're listening to know that I appreciate you.
Hey, actually, if you are listening,
maybe we get a new segment out of this,
like weird trash stories.
Like what's the weirdest thing
that anybody's ever thrown away
that you've ever collected?
Just write in with the subject line trash stories.
And I don't want to hear it
if you're not in the industry.
I want to hear from people who are like in the biz
or have been in the biz at one point.
Send us a JPEG of your own personal treasure hoard
of the great trash that you found over the years.
And you've just kind of squirreled it away in your den.
If the Trash Comedy Minute works
starring Emilio Estevez and Charlie Sheen
have taught me anything,
it's that trash people go through the trash.
They show like funny things that they show to each other.
Love that.
Then they, I think, get wrapped up
in like maybe a kidnapping or some kind of-
They probably get kidnapped.
Crime syndicate.
I can't remember what happens in that movie
after the point where they're rummaging
through other people's trash.
But like, I know there's funny stories.
Dude, you know it's fucking funny though.
Yeah.
One time I had a trash can that I hated
and you can't get rid of trash cans you hate
because what are you gonna do?
Put them in a bigger can?
It's ridiculous.
So one time when there was a windstorm,
I saw that my trash can had been blown across the street
and down a steep driveway into like my neighbor's backyard.
And I just thought, this is good.
Jesus, take the wheel.
Jesus, take the wheel.
He's migrated.
Three days later in what is honestly like kind of infuriating
but obviously it was a miracle.
They brought it in.
They found it on their doorstep.
They're like, oh, little fella,
you seem to be in need of a home.
You're gonna be our trash can now.
Yeah.
And I was like, oh, thank God I can buy a new,
better trash can because I hate that old one.
But I still kind of resented it
because they didn't try to find an owner.
They didn't go door to door knocking.
Just one day go over there just like, that's mine.
Yeah.
Do you want a Yahoo?
Please.
This one was sent in by Morgan Davey
who sent in so many fucking amazing ones
that I feel like we need to give them a title.
And I think that Morgan Davey's Yahoo gravy
is like we could refer to like the ones that they send in.
Okay, I love that.
I think here comes a dollop of that Morgan Davey Yahoo gravy.
It's from Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, something has gone wrong.
Has this platform just completely collapsed?
It does nothing on this fucking platform work anymore?
This is the last.
I'm not kidding.
I think they're just, I think they're slow pulling it slowly,
falling slowly like the movie wants.
Anyway, George asks,
has anyone invented a pornographic kite?
What?
Has anyone invented a pornographic kite?
I think it would be a great idea.
Imagine how excited you would be to teach a child
how to fly a stupid kite.
If you know there's going to be boobs on it,
as soon as God's grace it into the air,
I would pay good money for a breast kite.
And I think that's, I think that's close by.
I think we could do any sort of pornographic material
on the kite.
Yeah, I feel like boobs is just so.
Let's not say that.
Let's just not say the word.
Bosoms.
I think bosoms is far to A to B.
Let's A to C this stuff.
Let's A to D it.
You know what I mean?
Like let's make it a deck on there.
Or I'm saying full on like scene.
Yeah, no, it'll be a scene.
It's, it'll be a scene, Trav.
No matter what, this porn kite is going to be a scene.
But here's the thing, Griffin.
I feel like the question asker is only envisioning
a printed on scenario.
I'm saying this is a kite shaped like a pornographic scene.
Oh, see, okay.
You've really jumped from A to D there, Trav.
Cause I think we're not even on, we're not even on B yet.
So let's start the.
B is for bosoms.
Okay.
I think it's just a kite with a pornographic scene on it.
And if you fly a kite that has nudity on it at a park
or a beach or an airport, don't do it in an airport.
Actually, I just thought about it.
You're going to get sucked into the jets.
Well, or at the very least you'll get tangled up on the wing
and then we, you're flying around outside of the plane.
It's going to be one of those two though.
All those little prints constantly.
Yeah.
One of those mission impossible ghost protocols.
And so you're flying the kite and it has nudity on it.
And then I think nobody could really get mad at you
cause it's all the way up in the sky.
And you can be like, you can't even prove that's mine.
It's way up in the sky.
They're all waiting for it to land to prove that it's pornographic.
And that's your challenge to keep it up in the air
until they all go home.
Your, your, the only response,
I think you could have a pretty good cover
is if you act like it surprised you,
but you don't know what to do now.
Oh, come on, come on, get back down here.
This is ridiculous.
I swear when I went up, it had clothes on.
I don't know what happened.
Oh, it blew, the wind blew its clothes off.
Oh man.
Oh, I like that move.
I mean, the wind, the wind, come on.
I'm saying the easier sell is if it's all the way up in the sky,
you can disavow ownership of the kite
because it's so far up there.
Nobody, how, how can you prove that this is mine?
Oh, like it's in the stratosphere.
Like, oh, it's this, this kite belongs to God now.
Right.
I might be holding a string that is tethering the kite to terra firma,
but that doesn't, I don't own it.
It's so, it's so, it's so far up in the sky.
You know what I mean?
Like if I, if you have a porno balloon and you let go of it,
you let go of it, it's this, it's, it's in the sky.
I can't own this.
They actually can't arrest you either
because the crime is happening in the sky.
So as we all know, it falls under avian law.
Yeah.
And they cannot arrest you for that because you're on the ground.
Yeah.
You're out of their jurisdiction.
Like they can kind of like look, like the bird cops can kind of look at like,
ugh, these guys.
Distasteful.
Again, I think the best porno kite you could have
have rather than like obviously a lentricular scene that evolves as you,
as it flies through the air.
That would be amazing.
I would like to see kind of just like a naked man who is aware that he's flying.
So he's sort of like, so he's like living two dreams at once.
Like, wow, why is this happening?
Yeah.
Lentricular material, I think will be too heavy to catch, to take flight, unfortunately.
Yes.
Yes, but I think we could get the naked man dream going.
Does he have his arms up over his head like Superman?
Yeah.
And it's a human sized kite and the background is clear.
So you just looked up there and be like, holy shit, Superman done lost his mind.
Now the thing is, Justin, I'm going to say my worry here is it's not pornographic enough.
It sounds like it's just-
Because there's nothing pornographic about it.
Well, it's just nudity.
You know what I mean?
Like that's, that is a nude kite.
Well, you got to give him a facial expression that looks like he's up to something.
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah.
I know it when I see it, you know, and that certainly has a look.
He certainly has a look of like surprise at flight, but also-
Maybe he's cranking his hog.
That's one thing that could happen.
And maybe that the hog crank sort of mechanism is attached to the string.
And so you can really just get it going.
Vroom.
That's not the kite sound, but kites don't have a sound.
You wind it up with the rubber band real tight before you let it go.
And then once it's up there, just like off to the races.
And when the rubber band runs out, it just drifts back to earth.
And that's the end.
Everybody go home.
The kids get out of here.
I think my favorite part of this question is the word inventing.
Yeah, because I would like to see that laboratory.
I'm just saying invented is a weird way to put it.
When was the last time someone invented any kind of kite
rather than just like making a kite?
Doug Funny's dad invented the fighter kite.
That was the most pornographic episode of Dogfighter.
Yeah, that's true.
Because then Mr. Fink, was that his name?
Frank?
What's his fucking name?
Mr. Funny is Doug Funny's dad.
Well, but then he had the weird neighbor who was also an inventor.
Who was like, Mr. Dink was like,
yeah, let's put some dogs on there.
And then Roger Clodz is like, sexy kite funny.
That's really good, Griffin.
Griffin, you've been hiding a perfect Roger Clodz under a bush.
That was really good Roger Clodz.
I'm gonna crank my hog to that later, Funny.
Well, hold on.
Watch me crank my hog, Funny.
Oh, no, no, no.
No, not like this.
No, no, this is ruined.
I recently moved into a shared house
and have several new roommates, four of us own cars,
but there's only one parking space in the driveway,
which has been claimed by the person who has lived there the longest.
Every other place I've lived was treated the driveway
like a first come first serve.
As the newest member of the household,
I don't wanna rock the boat too much
by questioning the validity of their claim,
but it hardly seems fair they should have the driveway reserved for them
based on seniority while the rest of us battle for street parking.
Is their claim acceptable?
Do I risk creating drama by bringing it up?
Added info, this person isn't someone I wanna make a fight with.
They're opinionated, hot-headed, and controlling.
That's from Powerless Parker in Portland.
I've been watching Deadwood for the first time,
and let me say this about vis-a-vis claims.
You guys watch out about stepping on claims
because that's how you end up getting pigs.
If anybody says that they wanna reconnoiter the parking space-
Yeah, you ain't gonna reconnoiter shit, dog.
Don't do it.
You're gonna get flung.
I have a plan for this person.
All right.
I've been playing the Game of Thrones board game.
A lot of HBO sort of dramas are sort of informing our strategy this time.
Yeah, and in the Game of Thrones board game,
there's like, there's victory tracks.
Okay.
And you, like, if you wanna hold the Iron Throne,
you do it through bidding with your power.
So what if, rather than, like, you all bid money
to see who gets the parking space,
and when the person who wins,
that money goes to buy dinner for the other people in the house?
Are you fucking kidding?
Like, to, here's what you'll get.
Either one nice dinner, or not have to street park for a year.
Well, but hear me, I'm not done.
At any point, well, let's say after a week,
anytime after a week, someone can call a new bid to order.
Maybe they've had, like, a bonus at work,
or they had, like, a really good sale,
or they sold off their Xbox so that they could park at the driveway,
and they call a new bid,
and so everybody bids again,
and it's constantly up for grabs.
There's gonna be a lot of power struggle.
I don't think it's gonna make things easier,
but I've watched a lot of Game of Thrones,
and I think it's gonna be a lot sexier, a lot more exciting.
There's gonna be a lot of intrigue, a lot of whispers.
Someone's gonna be probably killed.
Little birds.
Little birds.
They're doing their thing.
Dragons.
Here's the night.
Building off of Travis's bad idea with a good one.
Well, hold on.
It just needs some polish.
Well, allow me.
What if you put a price on the parking space?
So you said, hey, listen, I want your parking space.
I'm willing to pay 50 more dollars in rent per month,
and that is a trickle-down benefit to everybody else.
So you can either take $50 off that person's rent
or split it up with the rest of the house.
Everybody's winning, and you're just flaunting your affluence.
Because if, honestly, you don't want first come, first serve,
that's a nightmare.
You'll never leave the house.
All your ideas have been bad so far.
Okay.
Okay.
The right answer is all of you sell your cars.
Hold on.
This is a little Give to the Magi, Griffin.
No, no, no.
Well, you haven't let me fucking finish.
This would be like if Give to the Magi was like,
I need a watch band.
I love my hair.
The end.
No.
You sell all your cars.
You put all that money in a pool.
You buy...
There's four of you?
Yes.
You buy four scooters, right?
Scooters are much smaller, much more fun to ride,
very usable in Portland.
You have a scooter race, and then whoever wins the race
gets to use the driveway.
But if you have four...
They can buy their car back.
And they'd try their car back.
You have to...
Everybody else, oh, that's it, Justin.
We're doing this shit for pinks.
You do the scooter race, whoever wins gets all the scooters,
can sell as many scooters as they want to buy back a car
that then they get to use in the driveway.
And nobody else has cars anymore.
So you don't have to worry about parking them on the street.
So...
You know, in the short live HBO series, Vinyl,
I don't actually...
I didn't actually watch Vinyl.
Okay.
I could tell you guys about Entourage.
There's the episode where Vince buys everybody a car.
Does that help here?
In the television show, Big Love, a very tall man
loves a very tall woman as well, just very much.
And it's sort of like a good romance story.
And so just love each other.
And just like the car thing will work itself out.
That's beautiful.
That's really good.
Beautiful, Griffin.
Did...
Who's the...
Okay, I do have to say though,
you entered into this house understanding this arrangement.
I don't know if the fault lies with you
for not understanding the politics before you moved in,
or the fault lies with the others for bringing in a usurper.
You probably had a look about you of a usurper.
Oh, yes.
The fact that they would still bring you into their home.
Maybe the blame is on them.
I don't know.
They should be screening better for usurpers.
At the very least, you...
I don't know.
I just feel like some kind of monthly rotation.
Yeah.
There you go.
That's nice.
That's good.
Something where it's just like we all acknowledge that this is...
Because right now this is so non-mutually beneficial
and so ironclad.
Like this person is a despot.
This person who has been there the longest
and says the car is mine is a despot and must be overthrown.
Hey, how about you just...
Hey, listen, come close.
How about you just fucking park?
Just fucking park there.
What are they gonna do?
Yeah.
Then, oh, you don't like my car there?
Go outside and lift it, tough guy.
Go outside and pick it up and move it somewhere.
Well, wait.
It sounds like this person could do that
because they're very big.
If they do that, then they earn the spot.
They deserve it.
And that gives you a reason to go get cut
so you can lift their car up.
Oh, I like this.
It becomes a strong man competition.
Exactly.
What if it's Brock Lesnar, though,
and he just eats the car?
That's another...
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Eat his car.
If you eat his car piece by piece
at a pace at which he will not recognize it's happening
and then one day he goes
and he parks his rear view mirror out there
and he's like, man,
this thing just doesn't have the get up and go it used to.
You eat that last piece.
And he's like, I thought I had a car.
I guess not.
And you are dead.
But there is a good thing that you could park there
whenever you want.
Just real quick.
Dad just texted all of us.
Ask is just saying that he's about to make a jungle gyms run
and wants to know if we want him to pick us up any food.
Can you text him and see,
ask if they have any instant horchata?
I would just love a bag of that.
Okay.
I had some at the beach and it was top.
Well, that is...
Well, that would be for you.
So I think you could probably swing that.
Maybe when we're done recording,
I'm gonna...
I'm recording a podcast right now.
Travis says a bag of pig buttholes.
So this is,
we're having a lot of fun with this text chain with our dad.
I'm gonna put a corollary on Travis
that he wants Cajun flavor.
Yeah.
But make sure you blast those butts.
Let's go to the Money Town.
I wanna tell everybody about how I sleep.
I have a little pillow shaped like a crunch bar
that I nestle into my arms.
It's a Nestle's crunch bar for nestling in my arms.
That's a super weird way to do your sleeping, I think.
Well, I used to have a log shaped pillow,
but I just upgraded to this crunch bar pillow.
This log shaped pillow,
sorry, just a quick side.
You used to take it with you traveling everywhere
and you would sort of hang it from a strap of your backpack.
And when you did that,
and I do not wanna get blue here folks,
but it was like a diagram of a scrotum with testes
that they might have at like a doctor's office
or like maybe they would bring it to like a middle school
to like teach boys about like sort of their pezone down there.
So clinical was this diagram that Justin would take with him
just walking around like his backpack had truck nuts
as he went to E3 or Pax East or what have you.
Yes, that's true.
I did have truck nuts for my backpack,
but now that part is done with and now we've moved on
to the crunch pillow.
Anyway, this is like not the point,
but the point is I'm sleeping on Bowling Branch sheets
and they're the most comfortable,
best sheets that I've ever slept on in my entire life.
Whether you're a four hour night type
or more like a 10 hour night type,
Bowling Branch makes getting a good night's sleep possible
with their super comfortable sheets.
And they don't just sell sheets,
they have duvet covers,
they have so much great towels, sheets, blankets, everything.
And here's the best part.
If you go online to bowlingbranch.com,
that's B-O-L-L and branch.com,
they'll let you try them risk-free for 30 nights.
If you don't love them, you can send them back.
You have nothing to lose.
If you go today, you get 20% off your entire order.
If you go to bowlingbranch.com and use promo code MYBROTHER,
you'll get 20% off your entire order.
They come beautifully packaged.
They are the best sheets you will ever sleep on.
I guarantee it.
So go check it out.
Bowlingbranch.com, promo code MYBROTHER.
Travis, tell me all about trunk clothes
because I know you've been getting your fashion game, right?
So we all like pants, right?
I disagree with the whole sort of premise of your assertion.
So listen, here's the thing.
I was recently talking with people
about this whole cargo shorts thing.
We're not gonna get into that here,
but I was talking with people about fashion
and somebody made the claim of like,
I don't care about fashion.
Fashion is not important to me.
And listen, I understand that.
I feel the same way.
I don't know two shits about fashion,
but I went into trunk club.
I did like a fitting with a stylist
and what I ended up with, and I can't stress this enough,
the best looking and most comfortable pair of jeans
I've ever owned in my entire life.
Like I don't know what it is about them,
but they both look great
and they are my favorite pair of pants to wear.
And so that was my first kind of view into the fact
that maybe this fashion thing is onto something
and it's not just about looking good,
but it's also about feeling good.
So if you've been away from fashion
because you don't know, I got two words for you.
Trunk club.
Trunk club.
Trunk club.
Trunk club.
You can maybe make it into one word,
but that's not what it is.
Anyway, it doesn't matter.
What it is is you go on trunk club,
you tell them what kind of clothes you're looking for
and what kind of events like you would wear them to
for work, for parties, for outings,
for fancy occasions, for doing podcast live shows.
And you tell them like what your style is
and they're going to come back at you
with some amazing suggestions.
They're going to ship it to you.
You're gonna try it on.
You're gonna keep what you like.
Ship back what you don't
and you're only going to pay for what you keep.
It's an amazing deal.
And it's like having your own personal stylist
because that's exactly what it is.
I was going to make that into a simile,
but you just do have a stylist.
When you ship the clothes back to them
that you didn't want to wear,
do you include some fun sized candy bars with it
to just be like, hey, thanks for trying?
I just put some bills in there.
So we're all just kind of about just like giving money
to people who were afraid we've upset for some reason
or will upset in the future.
I don't want them to be mad at me
because I didn't like that pair of pants.
So here's, there's $20 in the pocket.
And there's a three musketeers,
but oh, it's melted all over.
Oh, the pants are ruined.
Oh God, oh God, please, please not like this.
And so it's expert advice, amazing clothes
and you can get started today
by going to trunkclub.com slash my brother.
And when you do that, you're going to type
in your measurements, share your likes and dislikes
and you get your own personal stylist
when you use that code, my brother.
So go to trunkclub.com slash my brother
and get all set up today.
Get your sexy on as Mr. Justin Timberlake would say.
Can you request a name?
We forgot the lyrics.
Can you request the name of the stylist that you want?
Can I be like, I want someone named Trey
to tell me what kind of vest to wear.
I want a Bernice to be like, here's your vest Griffin.
And listen, here's the coolest part for me.
If you live in Dallas, New York, Los Angeles,
Chicago, DC, or coming this fall, Charleston, South Carolina,
they have clubhouses where basically
you can go try on the fucking kick in the door.
Like where's Trey at?
Where's Bernice?
I need some pants Trey.
Hey, I got a personal message here.
We do jumbotrons on this show and this is one of them.
It's a message for Kristen and it's from Stone who says,
hey, things are so good that I figured
I would have the brothers relay this message.
I know you won't marry me, but how about we start
that perpetual engagement.
The ring is forthcoming, but a jumbotron is cheaper.
So I started here.
Love you so much and thanks for putting up
with my shit during D&D.
Man, I really hope that Kristen and Stone
are in some kind of a relationship
that doesn't make this weird.
No, it's probably good.
I mean, they're their fellow D&D players, so.
Well, they definitely know each other,
but maybe they've never had any romantic entanglement whatsoever.
Or maybe they have.
I don't know what that noise was.
I'm sorry, it wasn't the noise you made
and I tried to match it, but it came out different.
Stone, we hope you got the desired reaction
from this message that you did for yourself and for Kristen.
I have one for Mike and it's from Skittles Joe,
who I thought was only on Still Buffering,
but I guess he's crossing over.
That fool's everywhere.
Oh God, he's crossing over, get the blasters.
Mike, I'm glad you survived your second fight with an SUV.
I hope the miracles of modern medicine
have helped you get your bones back together
and your lung completely unlacerated.
I look forward to many more years of your friendship,
your wonderful puns and your mockery of the Welsh.
I hope these words from the McElroy brothers
give you a laugh.
Hey, Mike, wanna buy a duck?
I hope they don't give you too big of a laugh
if you're working through some lung stuff.
Man, I hope Mike didn't die.
Man, I hope-
Cool.
No, come on.
Shoo, I just do.
I do hope, I mean, I put that for everybody.
You know what?
I hope Mike never dies.
Well, sure.
I mean, if Mike's taken on two SUVs and been fine,
I think he's kid-tested mother approved at this point.
I don't think you blow Mike down with a-
Yeah, dibs on Mr. Glass, by the way,
if we've got an unbreakable.
Yeah, for sure.
Well, I think Skittles Joe is gonna be the Mr. Glass here,
except his bones are like a bunch of Skittles.
You know those commercials where the guy touches the stuff
and it turns into Skittles?
That's what Skittles, that's what his bones are like.
Oh, poor guy.
Also, Samuel Jackson does not play him in this one,
unfortunately.
Couldn't get him.
This is Samuel M. Jackson.
The next one in the alphabet.
New York City, listen up.
Your fellow MaxFun listeners and hosts are gathering
at Stuart Wellington's New Brooklyn Bar
and you're invited.
You probably know Stuart from his hilarious movie
riffing on the Flophouse,
but did you know he's also a small business owner?
It's true.
Join Stuart and a ton of New MaxFun friends
at the Hinterlands Bar on Saturday, August 27th at 7 p.m.
You can find more information at bit.ly
maxfunhinterlands.
See you there.
Hey, do you guys want a Yahoo?
Hit me!
Someone sent in by level 9000,
Yajurijuriju Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yajuru Answers user Kobe.
Now that is a Yahoo Answers website page
that loads good and right.
We got two advertisements.
They're both loading.
They're both animating.
It's going fucking great.
Cody asks.
Kobe asks, is it normal to get aroused by the sight
and smell of garlic bread?
Wow, this is a really sexy episode.
So I was at the dinner table
eating garlic bread with the family
and I started to feel a tingly sensation down there
and I asked to be excused to go to the toilet
and I pulled my pants down.
Oh man, really?
If you are a kid,
if you are a kid, please turn that, please turn the pot.
Sometimes like we do live shows
and like 12 years old come up to us
and like thank you for the, thanks for helping shape us
and I'm like fuck, that's not great, but okay.
But seriously, it's a crime if you don't turn,
it's entrapment if you don't mute the podcast
for the next five seconds.
I asked to be excused to go to the toilet
and I pulled my pants down to find
I was completely drenched.
I don't think this is normal.
What should I do? What?
I'm like this for the Cheddar Bay Biscuits at Red Lobster.
I get there and I get there and it's Shrimp Fest
and I get so excited for Shrimp Fest
that I forget that it's always Cheddar Bay Biscuit Fest
and then I'm just soaked.
God. God bless.
Just soaked through.
Garlic bread's really good sometimes.
If it's that like Texas toast garlic bread
where it's just like you're eating a frisbee-sized piece
of bread and it's lightly garliced on top,
like fuck that shit.
But if we're talking about some knots with some herbs in it
and some garlicky cheesy butter in there.
There's a wild variance in quality of garlic bread.
Yeah, you really don't know what you're gonna get.
This is an important question, Griffin.
In the Yahoo Answers question you just read,
had this person begun eating the garlic bread
or had the garlic bread,
or were they just like anticipating the garlic bread?
They were eating garlic bread.
Okay. Okay.
That was important because I was gonna say
that this is an unfortunate experience
if you feel this every time you anticipate garlic bread
and then you eat it and you're like,
whoa, that didn't deserve that.
There's a lot of unfortunate things about this, Travis.
Namely like you can never go to Olive Garden.
Well, you can go to Olive Garden once.
You better plan your day though.
You better have a whole exit strategy.
Maybe do it on a birthday or something before you're 18.
But do it on a birthday
and just have it be like a really nice special day
and you're just like, no, going in.
This is the first and only time
I'll ever be allowed inside of an Olive Garden.
You'll know if you find someone with this condition
if you're an Olive Garden waiter
because when you ask them what they want,
they're the ones who stare off into the distance for 10 minutes.
Like, oh, what a question.
What does one get?
What does one get at their one visit to the Olive Garden?
Oh, what a question.
Any special-
How is the spaghetti?
Could I have the garlic bread and a garlic bread sandwich
and garlic bread with spaghetti on top of it, please?
And a privacy curtain.
And maybe like a couple bibs.
I would humbly request that rather than bringing the bread first,
as is a common practice,
I would ask that you bring my meal before the bread
and perhaps the checks as well.
And then clear a pathway for me.
If you offer any Andy's Mints,
I would request that you deliver those to my table
before the bread portion of the meal.
And no, I will not remove my mask.
One more recommendation,
just before you do bring that garlic bread,
make sure to contact mall security ahead of time.
I will go willingly,
but I don't want a lot of fuss.
Hey, this Kevin,
this Kevin that's talking to you right now
will go willingly.
Garlic bread Kevin,
no rules just right.
Is that your thing?
I just spit coffee in my face, you asshole.
I got a whole situation here.
For real though, garlic bread is really good.
So good usually.
Oh, I know the answer.
Oh, and it might kill it.
Listen, Yahoo answers question answer.
Kobe, this might kill you,
but it's the only way you're gonna get through this.
You're gonna have to go through immersion therapy.
Oh God.
You're just gonna have to like spend a long
like bank holiday weekend eating garlic bread nonstop.
By the end you will be super dehydrated.
Yeah, well, yeah, you gotta be in a bathtub the whole time.
You could also learn how to make garlic bread yourself.
You'll have an advantage there
because you'll always be the first one to know it's done.
That's a good point, yeah.
That's a good bake.
Wait, hey, is it done yet?
Nope, not yet.
I'll tell you.
Welcome to the weirdest episode of Great British Bake Off ever.
Oh man, don't even let him in that tent.
That's a bad bake.
Don't eat that, Mary.
Mary, no, God, Mary.
Mary, Mary.
You simply cannot.
That's got a soggy bottom.
A soggy bottom, it's a bad bake.
Soggy front, more like.
Twice a month, my family has a game night.
We usually play Uno.
Recently, my cousin who's nine started playing with us.
When he plays, he's always sitting next to me.
Every time his turn comes around,
he plays his draw twos, draw fours, skips, and reverses on me.
And I never get a chance to play
and always end up in last place because of his bullshit.
At what age is it appropriate for me to tell him
to stop being a fucking asshole?
That's from last place with 479 points.
This is so unbelievably good.
His fucking bite-sized Moriarty is ready for you at every turn.
He's always ready to thwart whatever plans you've cooked up.
Have a nice combo all lined up and he's well, well, well, well.
Draw four.
Hey, Steven, do you remember when I was seven
and at my seventh birthday, you took the corner piece of cake?
Draw four, motherfucker.
Draw four.
I've been planning this shit for two,
honing my Uno skills for this moment.
Here's the thing.
If this interloper, this little nine-year-old devil fish,
is the first one to put the screws to you like this while playing Uno,
you and your family actually haven't been playing Uno up to this point.
That's true.
Because Uno is a savage game about hurting your opponents without reservation.
It's why it's called Uno, because by the end of it,
you'll feel alone and unsafe in the world,
and like you're the only one you can trust.
Yeah, it's actually pronounced you know,
because now it's just like your little nine-year-old
just fucked you over on the battlefield and he's like,
and now you know.
Now you've had a taste.
Now you know what Toby can do.
That's sort of like, that's about as good a pick as
when I was at the beach with my in-laws and several cousins and uncles.
I thought it'd be fun if everybody played some werewolf.
Oh, boy.
And just flash forward to an hour, just a pure hour
of everyone at the table calling everyone else a liar.
Just like constantly everyone accusing everyone of lying for an hour.
There's a lot of really good vibes after that sesh.
And then you went to Joe's Crab Shack.
Then we went to Joe's Crab Shack.
Do we want to talk about the Margaritaville,
the harrowing Margaritaville voyage that you tried to go on?
Okay, so I'm at the beach living the beach lifestyle like Island Boy do.
You know how he does it.
And we head over to Broadway on the beach,
which is in Myrtle Beach, which was about a half hour from Paulie's Island.
Oh, Jesus, you had to drive a half hour on this?
And it was 40 minutes of the traffic, my dude.
So we drive 40 minutes over there.
And first off, we parked at the opposite end of the place from the Margaritaville.
So I'm like, oh, fuck, can I get a good walk?
Gonna be all sweaty for Jim when I show up.
That's embarrassing.
On the drive over, my father-in-law, Tommy, low country Tom, tells me that if I,
the last time he was at Margaritaville, fucking he rolled up and the place was packed.
Who's there playing a set?
Why, it's James Buffett.
I would fucking dissolve.
My anticipation is already like off the charts.
It's like I've been eating garlic bread all day.
I'm out of control here.
Just flooded.
Just that basement is flooded.
Just drenched.
Now, have you been to a Margaritaville before, Justin?
Was this your first experience?
Yeah, but it was before I went through the change of life.
Oh, I see.
Which means becoming a dad and getting really into Jimmy Buffett.
So we walk through this place and it's sort of like if Jersey Shore,
it's not Jersey Shore, the TV show, but it's got that like boardwalk vibe,
but it's in the sweltering miserable 95 degree heat of South Carolina.
And we're strolling along.
I have to walk past a closed down Magic Quest,
which is like the saddest, I know, fucking brutal.
I walked past a magic shop that I didn't have time to go into
because I was so hungry for some of that coconut shrimp prepared by JB himself.
Had the magic shop absorbed all the magic for Magic Quest?
And that's why it closed.
You know, they thought it was a heyday.
They were like, well, listen, there's a lot of wands over there.
Let's go get our fill, pick it clean.
They looted it.
Like the vultures we are.
So we get to Margaritaville.
It is 5.30 somewhere.
I'm going to say the afternoon.
It is 5.30 somewhere and it's 5.30 there as well.
So I should have anticipated that five o'clock is the worst time
to go to Margaritaville, obviously.
But we show up at 5.30.
My daughter is like basically like dehydrated.
She's just a husk that I'm like dragging behind me on a leash.
And we're like dead basically.
We're like on the verge of death.
And I show up and I'm just I'm looking around like peeking around
like I know JB's probably expecting me
because he heard I am boys on his way over.
I get in there and they tell us to see our party.
We are going to have to wait.
This is not an exaggeration.
Two hours.
Whoa.
How many were in your party?
Thirty thirty six.
Thirty six no seven people and a baby.
There's a people too.
But like you got to specify that for a high trimmer.
Well, OK.
You explained the wait actually earlier in the story
and that is that Jim James Buffett the third
is making all the coconut shrimp himself.
It is the only thing on the menu which is kind of weird.
Like he doesn't know how to make margaritas
which is like he's obviously very successful.
He has people who do that for him.
But he can make a mean fucking coconut shrimp.
So you mainly just come in and you get the shrimp.
No questions asked.
But it does take him a while to prepare them.
So two hours.
Two hours of waiting.
Two hours.
No way.
Absolutely cannot do it.
And what's that like lurking over my shoulder behind me?
You guessed it.
Fucking Joe's Crab Shack.
The second choice.
Like we're always second choice.
America's second choice.
Yeah.
America's second choice.
And like I would have had to walk like
if we didn't want to eat Joe's Crab Shack
we would have had to walk all the way the fuck back up here
to eat it like the Japanese hibachi place
at the Myrtle Beach Broadway on the beach.
Like no not happening.
It's got to be Joe's Crab Shack.
We would have died.
We wouldn't have lived.
I get in there.
They're playing matchbox 20s.
Not one of the good ones.
Like my favorite.
No actually my favorite one.
And I'm like whoa this is pretty okay.
I sit down.
I order a crab pot.
They put a bib on me.
Oh man.
Doesn't it say something like this guy's a queef?
It wasn't Dick's Last Resort girl.
Oh sorry I got confused.
They put one on me that says shrimp it ain't easy.
Okay so they do write on them.
They did write on them.
It didn't say this guy's a real queef.
I didn't realize that I'm the only one at the table
that ordered a dish that necessitated in a bib.
And I'm also the only one at the table
who is not living a life in which physical fitness
is a large component.
Oh no.
To put it in a ginger way.
So this like it literally looks like they have.
I don't know a nice way of saying this.
I'm shaming myself here but I'm the only fat one
and I have a bib and claw crackers
that they brought special for me.
Literally 20 minutes before I did not need to be living
this life for 20 minutes before the food arrived.
They addressed it like very early on in the meal.
I was drinking a huge glass of blue drink
that had a shark filled with a red drink
that I poured into it called a shark bite.
There was a limit to on those on the menu it said.
Wait was the vessel the shark vessel full of red liquid
was it a glass shark?
No sadly it was a rubber shark that I did.
My uncle Michael did steal it though so that.
Damn Mike you can't leave me anything.
On this the worst day of Justin's life.
You couldn't leave him anything.
No he stole it for John.
He didn't just steal it from us.
So just when I think.
You should change his name
in case they're looking for him Justin.
Just when I think this could not get any darker.
JB has abandoned me just to recap.
JB has abandoned me.
I'm wearing a bib that says shrimp and easy.
And I'm the only one there.
I want it.
Another facet.
There is a guy making with a balloon hat
making balloon animals table to table.
And I can just see from his orbit
that he's like about to collide with Planet J man.
And I'm like this cannot get any fucking worse.
And then over the radio Tracy Chapman's fast car
comes on in the Joe's Crab Shack.
I love this fucking song.
I do not want that.
And like jalapeno slammers to be in the same zip code.
It is uncalled for that I should be subjected
to Tracy Chapman's beautiful dirge of pining and longing
for a better life that she'll never arrive
than why I'm sloppily eating caging crab legs
out of a bucket with a bib
while a balloon dipshit hovers
and waits for his moment to pounce.
It was the worst day of my life
but the desserts were okay.
Three out of five stars.
And a s'mores thing and this concludes my Yelp review.
And then we went to the Gilligan's Island Goofy Golf.
The only Yelp review said that every time this guy goes
there's someone pleasuring themselves on the sixth hole.
And he said that's a must.
What was the sixth hole?
It was nothing.
There was nothing there.
There was no one pleasuring themselves.
But there wasn't a particularly sexy bunker?
No, but it did.
I mean, it made sense there was a shack
that said garlic bread
except the sign had been like painted over.
So obviously it was no longer available.
Yeah.
Which maybe explains that.
But yeah, so that was basically the hardest day of my life.
And I blame Jimmy Buffett for it.
Why isn't the media covering this?
Is what I wanna know.
Where is the media?
That's what I wanna know.
Give Lockdia break for a second.
He'll be there.
Okay, he's not gonna swim away.
Trust, he's gonna keep on fucking up.
So just like wait till tomorrow.
Just come give me a day in the light.
Give me a day in the light.
Just my day at court.
That island court.
You wouldn't sue James, would you?
Who would you sue?
No, I just want a small, I mean-
Give me a list.
Give me a Kill Bill top five list
of people who wronged you in this story.
Starting with number five
until we get up to the main offender.
Okay, number five, myself.
I did agree to go
and I knew that it was in Myrtle Beach.
That's not really one of island boys hangouts.
That kind of violates this whole chill lifestyle.
Yeah, absolutely.
I blame the server for not recognizing me.
Like the greeter at Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville,
I blame him for not recognizing me from podcasting.
Yeah, how many times did you say the phrase,
don't you know who I am?
Just the once, but I thought that would be enough.
I said, I'm about to shoot a streaming TV show, sir.
That didn't fly.
And I've made many jokes about my fan hood of James Buffett.
Yeah, can you call, so number three, James,
but I can't really blame him.
He can't be everywhere at once
and the server, despite my request,
the greeter would not call him
on like the coconut telegraph
or whatever they use to communicate with Jimmy.
So that would be your kill Bill interaction there
where you actually were interacting with Bill
and you didn't want to do it,
but you knew you had to to give your life
some kind of like closure.
Right, did you know if you cut a coconut open
and you whisper into it, he'll hear it.
But he might not always answer the way you think.
Yeah, you gotta look out for signs.
You're not gonna get the answer you want,
but you're always gonna get the answer you need.
Thanks, James.
Number two, number one, just real quick.
God, obviously.
I feel like Tracy Chapman had a hand in this somehow.
Tracy Chapman did, maybe we swap
Tracy Chapman number two
for just being such a talented,
heartbreakingly good songwriter.
Yeah.
Rob Thomas 2A for dropping the ball with Matchbox 20,
just like letting that whole shit,
maybe we're all to blame for Matchbox 20
not being the prominent force in media.
Yeah, why didn't we appreciate them
as much as we should have?
Everyone else, that's not me.
Every review you read of their albums is just like,
I wish it was, why isn't it Matchbox 30 or 40?
And it's like, can you focus on the fucking music
instead of talking about how the number could be higher?
We're smooth too, the sequel to Smooth,
we're all waiting.
And God, number one, and I guess Yelp
for not telling me that there would be a review.
I blame a lot of people.
Yeah.
Do you guys feel like Matchbox 20
is like getting some heat again?
It's getting some heat again.
A lot of people are talking about Smooth.
A lot of people talk about Smooth
and I feel like we've rounded the bin.
Like, remember when Dwight started listening
to Billy Joel as a joke
and then he got really into Billy Joel,
I feel like we're all making that Billy Joel switch
with Matchbox 20.
We're kind of appreciating that like,
they did have some pretty fucking good songs
and they didn't make a lot of sense, like lyrically,
but there are still some pretty good tunes.
I've been on board with MV20 since day one.
I found them, here's a little,
this might be controversial,
but as much as I love Dave Matthews Band,
I found Matchbox 20 to be a solid,
if not better, Dave Matthews Band alternative.
Like someone who maybe is lactose intolerant
and they only drink almond milk.
Matchbox 20 is the almond milk of music.
Do you know who was in Cincinnati last night,
just a scant month before Travis is to make his home there?
Why, it's Rob Thomas and Counting Crows.
I would have destroyed that show.
Shit, that's a good lineup.
It's a good lineup.
I would have crushed that show.
What if those two forces get together
and they start a band called Matchbox 30
and the OG crew of Matchbox 20 is like,
yo Rob, yo Bobby, yo Bobby Tom, what's going on?
You can't just do that to me and us,
the rest of the band Matchbox 20.
And Rob Thomas is like,
I don't even know you guys anymore,
but that's true because he's in a fugue state
where he can no longer remember Matchbox 20
and I'm worried about him.
Did Carlos Santana cast a memory spell on him?
That's all I wanna know.
And for a while he was just a show creator
and he made Veronica Mars and they were like,
come back to music and he's like,
I don't know what you're talking about,
I've always been a show creator
because of a weird curse that Carlos Santana put on him.
He played the forbidden riff.
Super quick update from the Wikipedia page of Matchbox 20,
not reading any facts this time,
just wanna say they have that timeline
that shows when everybody was in the band and what have you,
and it extends to 2017,
which I feel like is maybe getting a little bit above.
It's like the Mayan calendar of Wikipedia pages.
Rob Thomas I think will probably go on there and say,
okay, yeah, yeah, probably, I mean, yes, yes, true.
In February 2017, there's gonna be the great cataclysm,
but then Rob Thomas is gonna get back in the group
and be like, guys, time for the smooth sequel, Smooth 2.
It's still a hot one.
It's a hot- Like six inches on the midday sun.
It's a hot one again.
And you're still like the ocean.
So this has been our podcast, My Brother, My Brother and Me.
It's an advice show.
I would like to know if it's still a hot one though.
I mean, global warming's really just going buck wild
and I think it just like Rob Thomas has a sort of a responsibility.
I did wanna tell everybody before we get into all the stuff
we gotta talk about real quick.
I guess this is one of the stuffs.
So Wednesday, September 7th, 7 p.m., Joseph Beth Booksellers.
I am going in Cincinnati, Ohio.
I'm going to be there moderating a discussion
with the co-creators and authors of Welcome to Night Vale,
Joseph Fink and Jeffrey Cranor that should be really fun.
I really love Night Vale
and it should promise us to be an illuminating discussion
despite my participation in it.
I'll probably be there too,
but I'll just be like looking at books and drinking coffee
and just like hanging out in Joe Beth.
I've missed Joe Beth.
So there's more information on that at welcometonightvale.com.
And anyway, that's 7 p.m., September 7th.
If you're around that area in Cincinnati,
you should come on out
because I think that it'll be really fun, personally, I think.
Sure.
For me.
Yeah.
And if you're in the LA, just another quick plug,
if you're in the LA area, September 22nd,
our friend Kate Leth is gonna be doing a similar gig with them.
So it should be pretty cool.
And if you're in the LA area right now,
just go to Travis's fucking place
and get you some patio furniture.
I guarantee you're gonna love it.
I'll give it to you for 25 bucks.
You won't do it on the free skis, huh?
I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a great song, great album.
I want to thank the Max Fun Network for having us.
You can go to maximumfun.org
and just start listening to some good, good podcasts
like One Bad Mother, Stop Podcasting Yourself, Throwing Shade.
There's so many great ones that I guarantee you're gonna love.
Just go to maximumfun.org and check it out.
And we also have other podcasts that we do,
which you can find all of them at McElroyShows.com.
And you can find all the video stuff we do there as well.
It's full of all of our content.
Catch it.
I also just want to say that we're ramping up
into beginning production on our TV show.
And just as a personal note, I'm super excited about it.
Yeah, fuck yeah.
I think you all are really gonna like it.
We've been trying as we've been like talking about it
to think like what would our listeners like above all?
And I'm very excited about it.
I can't wait to get started.
Yeah, we're gonna, I think it's gonna be a lot of fun.
Anything else, boys?
You like follow us on Twitter and Facebook.
No, we're not gonna do that.
All right, here we go with the final Yahoo.
But you could do that if you, I'm just saying like you could.
Final Yahoo is sent in by Morgan Davies Yahoo Gravy.
Boy, I hope we don't forget about that by the next episode.
How could we?
It's from a non-Yahoo answers user.
It's something's gone wrong.
Column Canada asks,
what is the relationship between emo culture and emo Philips?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kissing your dad's crown of lips.
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
I'm Travis.
And I'm Andy.
And we host Bunker Buddies, a comedy apocalypse podcast
every Wednesday on maximumfun.org.
We've got a brand new format for our podcast
that we hope you wanna come and check out.
We try out products for your go bag.
We'll try out cheddar larva and cricket bars
so you don't have to.
We play would you rather
and answer questions from the audience.
And we have great guests that pop into the bunker.
It's everything you love about the show and more.
Come check it out every Wednesday here on maximumfun.org.
Stay safe out there.
There's always hope and cheesecake.
