The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
The Chilean Miners, no merging once again. Listen, you may be willing to forget about them that quickly
I'm not gonna forget about our Chilean brothers that emerged from the ground like that. How do we know there's not some more down there?
Have we looked?
Chilean Miner, a forgotten Chilean Miner emerging a week after everyone else has left from the ground
This is my brother. My brother may emerging from the depths of ignorance to deliver weak old wisdom straight
To your dome. Do you think like six weeks after the celebration someone looked around and said have you guys seen sleepy Tim?
We're sleeping too shit
Nice nice skinny Tim
Lonely Tim
Tim Tim is actually a very common name in Chile
You guys may not know that
Chile it's not it's not they weren't let lost in a mine inside one of the members of TLC
No, they were lost in a Chili's restaurant
They needed to be excavated from which I I mean
I can't blame them of all the places to get stuck in the ground for three months
I mean, they're their chicken strips are really out of this world guys. I don't care how awesome this blossom is
I'm gonna fucking flip if I don't get out of here soon
um
Wait, wait, wait awesome blossom is out back. What does Chili's have that they have a they have a
Version that is equitable to the awesome blossom. Anyway, the mediocre blossom
This is an advice show
Clearly I am your host and co-brother
I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy
And and we are gonna get right into the the wisdom the growth as it were
I can't tell if this is gonna be a good one or a bad one
But let's find out together
One of my friends that I have known for years is a serious problem about washing his hands too much
He washes them every 30 minutes and as it gets colder outside his hands start to crack and bleed because they are dry
What should I do to get him to stop being a freak?
Kevin from Gmail Kevin
Your friend isn't like he's not like kooky
What a crazy guy he got he's got Mark Summers itis
No, yeah, he's got the summer. He's got the double there
It seems kind of counterintuitive to me right like I wash my hands because they're dirty, but I wash them too much
So now they have blood all over them, which is like the dirtiest substance in the man
And as we all know you can wash all you want that blood's not coming off. No, never ever
No, the blood stays. Maybe you need to invest in some gloves
This is simple. The thing that worked for Mark Summers is something called immersion therapy
Where to get over the fact that you're really worried about getting dirty
They make you climb around in giant waffles covered in fake butter
And that you can fix them pretty good
So all you have to do is go to Nickelodeon
or
What's what's Nickelodeon's parent company? Because I know Nickelodeon is like shut down. I gotta go to Viacom
I can show you where their office is in New York
You just go there and you you try and get him
arrange a
90s style
Game show with your friend as the host
Yeah
or Kevin you could realize that your friend has something called obsessive compulsive disorder and it's probably not gonna be fixed with a pat on
The back and a couple of concerned looks. In fact, don't pat him on the back. I don't think that'll help
I think that actually hurts the situation. Yes, that washes back. You can't hurt the situation. Look at those muscles. That guy's diesel
I think what you need to do is if you realize it's been a little over 30 minutes
Look at him go. Whoa, it's been 30 minutes better wash your hands or puppies are gonna die
Help keep him on schedule
That's all you can do is try to facilitate or just ridicule him endlessly
That's the only way I can really get friends to do other things. I know a lot
There are probably some people clucking their tongues out there and saying hey, that's a serious
Listen, life's hard the fact that the guy washes his hands every half hour. It's not exactly debilitating. Okay, Howard
Look at Howard Hughes. Okay, he managed to still build the spruce goose
Yeah, but I mean think of all the life experiences that he's gonna miss out on now like he can't he'll never be able to hold
His newborn baby for longer than 30 minutes at a time
All things really when you're holding the baby things start to get really good around a minute 40
That's true. The connection is really is really real there all his fingerprints will look like rushed bullshit. I
See what you're going with for here, but you really could have needed to percolate a little bit more
Oh dear brothers, my girlfriend says I play Wow too much
I've lived with my girlfriend for eight years and started playing Wow a year ago
I play a few hours a day, but she wants me to stop so I haven't been on the dating scene for ten years
Yeah, my advice is to
What's Wow sometimes when I'm faced with decisions like this this very difficult decision. This man is clearly facing
I'd like to pretend that I've traveled back in time from a few years in the future where I'm so
Cripplingly sad because of the decision I made and that by traveling back in time
I can manage to stop myself from doing that terrible thing
Which is a long long way of saying don't do what you're thinking about doing you're talking about like present time travel, right?
Yeah, I'm talking about
Hypothetical future to present time travel. Okay. Yeah, I like that idea
I think it probably before it's gonna catch on you're gonna need to catch your name for it
I'd suggest immersion therapy, but the
But I I do like the premise here
Form spring someday you are going to die and when you die you are not going to say to yourself gosh
I wish I
Had played Wow more you might however say I wish I hadn't dumped my girlfriend of eight years to play Wow more
which is maybe the same principle of
of
As Griffins, but I like to keep the taste of death in every mouth every moment
I think I think if you're thinking about your death your eventual death, you're always gonna make the best decision
You need to live like you're dying and then die like you're dying. Yes
Who's that pecan? What is that with that mild?
I thought that's got kind of a butternut
a
Definite deathy kind of coming. I'll do it. I'm getting a note of grave
Yeah, can I suggest proposing to your girlfriend of eight years get off in Wow
No, no, no, no, this can only go well don't listen to Griffin come here and look at the screen for a second
I know you don't play me. I buy you I buy your purple ring
It's amethyst. I changed the name of my guild to I love you Susan
My friend Tim and his girlfriend have a problem
They never stopped making out and groping each other in front of the rest of us
I'm gonna go ahead and submit that you're the problem. But let's go on. How do I go about stopping this at points?
It's downright annoying also talking to them about it and telling them how we feel does nothing. I need something a little more
Drastic
Thoughts Carlo
Carlo no
Carlo
You do realize that you're trying to stay on the way of the most powerful force in the universe make right making out
a boner boners
Yeah
You're trying to stop a man and a woman who I'm guessing from your description or under the age of 17
You're trying to get them to stop groping in public. We think you're gonna reinvent the wheel. Come on, Carlo and the full game
And does it say in pub? Okay, it is so they are doing it in public
For some people watching that happen. That's all they got. Yeah, that's all they have like yeah
It's some people and I'm not gonna go to malls and just like to just see the just see people
Just see people in love just express groping each other in a physical
manner
and public
Yeah in in public places like outside the gap
Some people need some people some people need that some people need it. No, they're wrong with that. I
Mean there is something wrong with it
It's there's something a little wrong with it, but I don't want to judge you my brother for Christ's sake
I mean not you of course. We're not talking about you hypothetical people hypothetical Griffin
some of us future present government some of us are
Coming up on 30 and like to be reminded of what it's like to feel and
Maybe Carlo you shouldn't
Get in the way of that. Maybe I say that's just every time you see it. Yeah, like
Oh, that's good. Oh, that's good, and then get go back in time. Go to Nickelodeon. She has get a container of GAC
What's up, what's this all over me you've been slimed maybe you see I'm making out just yell I got mixed
You can't do that in television, but you can't do it in my door room slimed. What's up? Just fire some kush balls at him
All of a sudden they're on the Rosie O'Donnell show
Cry minute Lee no, but really that you shouldn't do anything
There's nothing you can do. I'll hate each other soon enough
Yeah, and you don't want to you don't want to get in the way that I have this guy friend who to me is totally awesome
That's in all caps. I don't think I can do it justice, but trust me. He's great
funny
chilly
Left eye now T boss all that. Nope. Nope, those aren't in there
The only he's chill all that the only problem is that to people that he isn't friends with he's just a total jerk
Just the worst he's rude and downright unpleasant to be around. He's never violent or anything like that
But still even though he's perfectly fine when he's hanging with me
I find a lot of friends kind of look down to me for hanging around him because of this. What should I do?
Thanks devil's advocate gmail. I like it
So is it like a
Jekyll and Hyde kind of thing or is it just that you like his bad attitude and your friends don't
No, I think it's I think it's one of those scenarios where once he gets surrounded by too many people
He transforms into a monster. He gets he get I mean you gotta I think the thing to remember is that it stems from a place of
Some people when they're when I'm around a bunch of people, I don't know very well
I I tend to to kind of clam up a little bit. I get a little
Social phobic and his is probably just manifesting in a different way. In this case. He gets he gets on the
You know, he gets on the offensive
That's what it sounds like to me. I I think the trick is to
Try exposing him to one friend at a time, you know until he gets comfortable with
Both of you and then eventually
You gotta find that magic number so that if you're hanging out with three friends and you bring in a fourth and he's still cool
And then you bring in a fifth and he's like girl Jews, you know, like no, okay
Not not five more or under
Right now you're attempting what's called immersion therapy
I don't think it's working. It's not for everyone. It weren't for Mark Summers, but that doesn't mean it's gonna work for Jerko over here
But that doesn't mean it's gonna work for Jerko over here. Yeah
Don't you guys think one friend at a time until you're like more comfortable with the group
I I think that's the only way you can get or like is this guy worth it like
He doesn't sound very cool. He's totally awesome. Totally awesome. You don't know him like he knows him
Would you like here's another suggestion and if you're hanging out with friends?
And you want it to just look like it's you and him then hide your friends around the room
I love they were hanging out in like they talked to you and he's like, what was that?
You're like, I didn't hear anything. I didn't hear I don't know what you're talking about that
But yes, Greg, I would like to go to the Baltimore and then once he's been awesome for a while
Your friends can jump out and be like that that behavior is the kind of behavior you should exhibit around us
But are you scared? He's like fuck you
I
Don't trust people. How could you do this to me Richard?
Guts, here's a Yahoo Answers question and it's it was sent in by hybrid misfit. Thank you hybrid misfit
It's from Yahoo Answers user sick Nick who asks
How can I make my rapping better?
He has a very unique problem though
He says when I rap I get a lot of saliva in my mouth and I don't sound when it happens
How can I change that and can you give me other suggestions?
Well, I mean, let's not put the cart before the horse. You need to handle your saliva situation first and foremost, right?
I
Think you should maybe just incorporate it into your into your act
Well, yeah, well that's been a popular strategy. You ever wonder where Big Daddy Brawny came from
Why people call him that is because he raps with a giant wad of paper towels in his mouth. Yeah
DJ mumbles DJ mumble mouthful of cotton balls cotton balls. Yeah, DJ. How about just DJ Cudd?
Kid Cudd kid Cuddy
That's how he got his name. That's how he got his name exactly
Uh, you might remember MC silica gel is actually actually died because you're not supposed to put silica gel on your mouth
But you get that you get the idea. I mean went young but god those rhymes
So it's so dry
It's hard to corner the rap market nowadays because you have to be doing you have to have something new
like for instance, I think
Kanye West does it just with you know, really clever rhymes and catchy beats
I'm being crazy and being crazy and and soldier boy does it by being really super untalented which is
Itself kind of you know unique. So I think what you can do is just have a lot of spit in your mouth while you're rapping
Yeah, like
Julie DJ Julie something. There's something along those lines jaw drool
Yeah drool. Uh-huh. And all your lyrics could be about it too
Like when I spit rhymes, you know, you'll really get wet something like that. Oh my god
This is you will get wet. You may get soaked the names kids slimy. Don't you never forget?
Can you can you give me four more lines, let me say let me see what I got in here
When I'm done with you kids you're gonna need a towel I'm gonna open your eyes I'm gonna empty your bowels
Is that two lines that's two lines that's two lines
When I'm on the MIC things will never be dry
Come on you can do this. You've almost got it Justin Justin
I'm gonna dampen your shirt and spit in your eye
Okay
Ah form spring says, okay
All right. My older brother is balding. He tries to hide with hats hoodies bonnets, etc
Unfortunately, he cannot rock a hat and is wearing a hoodie indoors makes him look like a rapist
How do we get him to get right with his MPB?
form spring I
Don't like that male pattern baldness, okay
I think last just to clarify last week. I think we covered no one can rock a hat
No, you can have you can wear a hat and sometimes you can't even do that. Yeah
Sometimes you're just barely wearing a hat
You need to explain to your brother that we are in a time period now. We're bald people are awesome
Yeah, it's the most socially acceptable bald as ever been. I think I agree. I think he's just shave it and call it a day
Was that is that because of Moby you think because I might be mainly
I think Moby is the really the one that turned it around because I mean it was cool to be bald and like
55 but Moby was like nah dog. I'm 22 and now I have a bald head
I remember in that interview where Bruce Willis was like, thank God for Moby. Thanks for me
Okay, the thing is the the step one to getting your sexy right is always acceptance
You gotta accept who you are
Wearing a hat and hoodie and bonnet. I
hopefully not really a bonnet but
Wearing that kind of stuff
That doesn't that doesn't that says I'm ashamed. Yeah of something that's utterly out of my control
That's not sexy. You should say you're proud of it because it's something you got that most people don't
uh
Shave your eyebrows and then walk around to Sam fuck you like just like that
Point at I'm like, what's up with these?
But then grow a huge beard a huge beard and break your own nose so that it's just slightly tilted to the left
Whoa, I like this. Yeah, look we're doing like a willy-willy thing here. You're welcome
There's a lot more than you paid for my friend gauge one of your ears
Really big like I'm shrink the other one to shrink one ear entirely. I
Guarantee you if you do that, no one will notice you are bald
Guaranteed
But I think in short shave it just shave it get done with it one of the funniest guys
I know outside of my family brentel floss
You made that decision like just shaved his head so much cooler now great-looking guy very funny
Popular with the ladies. It's a look. It's a look that you need to you know convince your brother now
How do you convince your brother to do it?
You do it while he's sleeping and and probably try to get some facial hair just something down there
You should shave his head and then glue that hair to his face
Yeah, I like it. I personally think that you shouldn't
Encourage him to go bald. I think I think I just I
Can't you guys couldn't convince me to go bald is the thing?
I'm thinking about it it from from the brothers perspective if you guys came to me or like hey, bro
You got to get rid of that hair. There's there's no way. There's no force on earth that could Griffin force
I can change your mind right now. Okay, if you shave your head you could shave three seconds off of your lap time in the pool
Damn it
Griffin I'm I'm afraid you've misunderstood the premise of the show see
When you try to take our advice in the real world and apply them practically to your situation
That's when things that's when the wheels really fall off
The idea with my brother my brother me is that we give it an answer that'll have them saying hey
Yeah, exactly. Why don't I just do that and then as soon as they try to apply it
It all collapses around them like a castle made of lies
We got a question from Steph via Gmail she says
I
Just recently graduated from college at Berkeley and I packed my bags and moved away to the San Francisco
Peninsula with my boyfriend for a job at Stanford our friends in Berkeley are too lazy to come visit us
We visit them and we have no friends on the peninsula
How do you meet people and make friends after college, especially 20-somethings?
We're both nerdy people who like video board games and comic books
Not video board games not like the clue VHS
Baker Street Nightmare and comic books
We prefer to meet other well-adjusted nerds
The problem with this is that most nerds I've met are single men and are awkward and uninterested when we approach them as a couple
But try to ask me out when I don't have my boyfriend around
It's happened recently. Yeah gross when I went to a local board game shop and ask if they had a game night
We don't need to meet nerds, but we also want to have some stuff in common with our future fantastic friends
That is a tough question. Yeah, it's like it's like a treatise of everything. That's that's wrong with with the nerd culture, right?
Yeah, it's it's a nice summation of everything. That's terrible. Yeah, I mean
If it's any indication
The the questions that we get apparently all nerdy people are nervous about talking to all other nerdy people. Yeah
Ooh, ooh, wait a minute. Okay. I've got it. You don't
You need to realize that nerdy couples are still made of two nerdy people
They're gonna feel just as uncomfortable as they did in the main. We were in another mating process here
This is this is an amazing negotiation
even that doesn't end with
Conception it ends with inception inception and going
It ends with you know, sitting around a table and playing some less on earth something something nerdy
The fact of the matter is that making friends
meeting new people that will then become like friends and not like acquaintances but straight-up friends is
More difficult than meeting members of the opposite sex
I think it's also more difficult than once you're in a couple
Because I think when you're solo you can sort of make those negotiations a lot easier
You can pretend to be somebody you're not when you're flying by yourself
But when you're in a couple, it's sort of like that person's gonna know what's up and you know
They've got to like the situation you're in too
Mm-hmm. That's intimidating
I mean if you're looking for people to meet at a bar
You don't go to the couple that's sitting by themselves at a table like hey guys, what's up?
Are you having the buffalo wings? Huh? Let me get down on let me just snack
Well, I I stand by that as far as meeting friends. You always do good meeting people at work
meeting people
You know at hobbies that you're both doing like if you if you guys join a pottery class or go to a coffee shop or something
Like that anything like that where it's not just random strangers, but people, you know
But that doesn't always mean you're gonna meet the best people
Because you're limited to the people that are in that group, but it's you know people
You at work put up a political flyer on campus. It says
Hey, we're is anybody want to play some board games or something together for couples only a couple nerd night and then
I'm not gonna make it sound so sad though. Yeah, that's
That's an awfully tight filter to put on that
I think maybe just a flyer with your personal phone number and the message who wants to party
Looking to share fun with another couple. Yeah, something like that like something very open and honest and
Looking for open couple to share with other open couple. That's good because you want open honesty
and big and big
Couple looking for other couple for a foursome, but then in much smaller letters for Scrabble
maybe
You know and you want to go back and forth between a few different games
So make sure that they're willing to swing you want to say that in the flyer like looking for couple
open-minded couple willing to swing
And maybe you can play that hot new board game from Mattel key party. Yeah
Okay down for a key party
Maybe a convention would be good some sort go to comic-con or something and look for
women
Dressed as superheroes because you know, they didn't do that on their own
That's just science
Seth I'm sorry that we don't have more practical help for you here this I mean Jesus if I knew this then like
We need to listen to another podcast like my brother my brother my brother my brother and me
Where am I super well-adjusted uncle?
The only thing they do on that show is give us advice
And and they could tell me how to do this because I'm right there in the same boat except I'm starting to realize that
Everyone's kind of just floating through this void of nobody knows how to talk to anybody else
Like you know, we just get so many questions about how do I start conversations? How do I meet people?
Everybody we are not solitary beings and people that feel solitary is because they are the most afraid
Unless you're on the reality show solitary and then you're yes alone
You might you might trust I know this seems like
Counterintuitive considering what we just talked about but you might try Facebook. There's certainly there's got to be some like
San Francisco gaming groups on Facebook. Maybe go there and say hey, we're looking for couples to
to hang out with
The trick is the area for couples. The trick is to just find that one couple
Yeah that you can be cool with and then they know eight or nine other couples
Especially they've lived on the San Francisco Peninsula
for a while
Uh, hey move in ma'am. I'm always always hungry
There literally isn't a time when I couldn't eat. I'm not a fat guy, but I fear I may become one
Keep up the what should I do? Keep up the amazing work, especially the deep voice guy who isn't Justin or Griffin?
I like him Harrison Gmail. I like you too Harrison Harrison. I do want to clarify for you. That is how people become fat guys
So that's not like a fear like something ephemeral that may like no you won't you that won't happen
I'm afraid of ghosts and also that I'll get fat if I eat too much food
What a fear? Yeah
I I know that I feel the same way I as we have discussed
Previously, I could literally always eat something at any point in the day
But really that is because a lot of the time I'm just massively bored and usually boredom leads to hunger. So maybe
Try some food instead of a sandwich
Mm-hmm
Get a Gameboy
All of these things help oh my god Harrison you have a tapeworm
Harrison you have a tapeworm you have to go to the doctor but wait if he has a tapeworm
Then he won't get fat right because it takes all the food for him
But the tapeworm will eat all the food before he can digest it and use its energy and he'll eat all the good food
Too what if he's pregnant? Oh my god, Harrison with a tapeworm
Pregnant with a tapeworm baby. Oh god. I shall name him Philip
He is my tapeworm baby, and I love him. It's just like that movie jr
Except he is a tapeworm and Noah Arnold Schwarzenegger. He's always hungry. So it's just like the movie jr. Except for the tapeworm, but I
Went to the Sears. I went to the Sears baby department and they had no clothes that would fit my tapeworm, baby. I
ended up
With a pantyhose for super skinny ladies. That's what I had to walk out of there with
Can you imagine the look on Philips face when I hand him that I sewed a little ducky on to it
Still don't think it's gonna fly but I love him and he is my child and he is going to go to college
And I'm planning a playdate with my neighbor's monkey, baby
Harrison Harrison don't eat anymore
just pump the brakes like
I'm something to do that takes up hours of the day that you
The fact that you are not fat guy yet does not make you special like yeah fat people feel that way, too
That's why they're fat like it's not like what how could this happen?
Like this is how it happens that you start out this way and then you eat so much that you turn fat when you're fat
You can you can go back and you can chart out a history of double downs that made you what you are now
Get it. Listen Harrison. Just pump the brakes. Listen to my brother Griffin. Just slow it down if you want to eat something
Lots of people just don't away
It could be that the food you're eating is too good
Did you try eating healthy food?
Cuz if you only have healthy food in the house
Then you won't want to eat as much because it doesn't taste or or just get moderately poor
Yeah today to the point where you can't really afford a lot of food. Oh
Oh, that's good. I like that. But then you'll start eating out of the garbage
Yeah, don't do that
Like a giant raccoon the tapeworm will wrap around it Philip will wrap around his brain and make him go to the garbage
It's pretty good. I'm starving. I have a Yahoo answer that
It kind of goes against one of our our core tenets here at my brother my brother and me
But it's I feel like it's gonna open up a really interesting dialogue between the three of us
So I think it might be worth the the infraction against our own rules
Okay, but if I read the title and you guys don't want to go ahead with it
Like I'll totally understand it won't hurt my feelings at all
it was sent in by
Listener Benjamin Carl the man so nice. They named him twice
And the the question itself was crafted by Floyd brewer who asks I?
Am trying to get my son trained to defecate in a bag instead of a toilet or diaper any suggestions or tips
My wife and I are very environment conscious and have been thinking
He hasn't potty trained yet and we don't really want him formally trained to use a toilet
Which we believe wastewater and drains resources my wife and I started my wife and I started going in bags
about two years ago, and we use the excrement blended with other materials to fertilize our garden and
also and
Also, sell it to friends for extra spending money
But we have problems getting him to squat and be patient enough to go how can we encourage it?
How can we encourage him prizes?
punishment
What is work for you you shit in that bag or so help me Derrick so help me if you don't shit in that bag
Derrick you shit in that bag or you are grounded
Hey, I'm someone's
I'm sorry weirdo, but what punishment are you gonna levy against this child that even approaches the social punishment of going to school the first day
Asking the teacher where you can go shit in the bag
Excuse me, where is the shit bag room?
He totally pre-empted that
Because in the additional details, he says he won't need a bag to be packed into his backpack because he will be home-schooled
Again, he doesn't have to worry about being made fun of because he will be home-schooled bitch. Listen
It doesn't school. That's a that's one one part of that kid's life. How about mall?
How about next time he goes to the mall? He's at the arcade and he feels like deuce coming and he has to bag it
Right there. Where's your bag dispenser?
Where's your bag dispenser? What about the first time he goes to the produce department the grocery store and gets confused as fuck?
Hey, where's this human shit? Where and and who made it? Is that like an in-house thing that you guys you guys provide?
Is that a service?
There's one nugget. Pardon the pun of this
question that sticks in my head and that is
selling
Sticks in my hair at what?
Selling it to their friends for extra spending money. Who the fuck are your friends?
Is there a jar somewhere that they just slide their extra their extra change into that they got from selling their human shit?
To their very real friends and when that jar gets full they go to disney world
Um, this is human poop we're talking about
If you really want to help your child, here's how you do it
You put the child on a porch
You scatter your fecal matter around your home and you burn it down with you inside it
There is literally no way that child could be better off than you and your wife doing the right thing here
And burning your house down with you inside it. It is the only choice you have
I don't know that this is true, but I have to imagine that
child protective services
Goes through the internet looking for things exactly like this
Nah have to right? This is cool. I mean, it's pretty much a science project if you think about it
Nah, it's that green movement. You can't get the you can't child protective services isn't gonna do shit about more like a brown movement
You monster hey, it looks like you're just
cupping your child's naked bottom with your hands
No, it's cool. I have a bag bag here and i'm trying to get it to poop in the bag
The little bastard just won't do it
He thinks he's too good for pooping in a bag punishment
Punishment what punishment you're gonna rub his nose in it
Fuck did you just honey? Did you just hear a flush?
Derek Derek, did you bring a toilet into this house?
What?
You know, it is such a fine line
Children cannot be the defining line between crazy person and unconventional parent
You can't just cross the line because you had a kid. You can't just be like no now i'm normal
I just want to teach my child different things. You're still a crazy person
You're still insane
It's 2010 dog
It's 2010 and it worries me that there's another person in this world. There is more than one person
There are two people and they found each other that find it. Okay to poop in a bag
Hey, if you're worried about finding your special somebody it'll never happen. Look at these two fuck ups. Um, do you think it's okay for them to
To make pee in a toilet to make water now they go to the garden
That can't be good for the plants. It's terrible for the plants
What do they care?
I need to find out what state these people live in and never buy any produce that came from that state because maybe that's how
Shit rolls in montana. Like maybe that's maybe that's a common thing there. Why?
Why literally this this this question is indicative of my my terrible fear that there are giant parts of the country that I know
Nothing about where things like this happen
Or there's just poop everywhere. Did you want to?
Thank you for coming to the farmers market. Did you want to buy some of my plums? They're really dope
I fertilize them with my friend's fecal matter. They're currently training their kid to not just my friend
It's my friend's son's fecal matter and it gives the the eggplants here. It just they're so firm
They're so so firm so for the skin is so tight. I'm so disgusted right now
What could be like you've got it?
People like this kind of pull the camera back
You're worried about the planet cool. Why?
Well, we're gonna have kids on this planet someday and we want to take care of it for them cool
did you know your kid doesn't care if it's seven degrees hotter in july because they're
Experiencing that heat while pooping in a bag
Isn't the whole point of it to make the world a better place for your kid?
You actively do that by inventing toilets categorically a worse place because of your son
Yeah, because you have a son that's pooping in a container. That's not a toilet
Forget about the world for him. Like I don't care about this kid anymore. He's dead to me
Nothing's coming good out of this but
Here here's here's a new game. I want to start playing on. Um
Um, my brother my brother me
And it's called things. You never hear the president say
And number one on my list is yeah, my parents trained me to poop in a bag
But I basically they did it
Through a punishment regimen. That was it was very it was strict but fair
Yeah
I don't want to know what that entails
Yeah
Um, the idea of this is still like it's gonna haunt me I think because I think the world is different now for me
a little bit
Because because there are people like this. This is not a guy who's fucking with us
Like this is a real guy in the world somewhere
There's a couple that made eye contact one night and said, you know, honey
I've been thinking about it and i've the decision is made it's time for us to start pooping in bags
How do you bring that up with your loved one? Like do you?
Do you
See them going to the toilet one day and just go there's a better way, you know, i've been thinking
Wait a minute. I'm wasting a lot of water here. Um
Follow me. Let's just follow me. Maybe just bag it
Because that doesn't waste any resources. That's a thank god
If you didn't want to waste if you didn't want to waste resources, you would just go shit directly on your crops
Just go shit
Directly out on your flower bed instead of doing what you're doing right now, which is shitting directly on your kid
I mean, I have one question for you paper or plastic
Delicious. Ah, hey
Uh, i'm gonna stick with burning your house down with you inside it. Um, but not the kid. It's not the kid's fault
Except if he does it if he does this crazy thing
You're telling him to do then he's not made of strong enough stock to survive in this world
We live in although he will be the best hobo. He will be the most conscientious hobo
He'll be like the MacGyver of hobos
He like toothless Jim will be like
Derek I thought you said you had to use the bathroom. He said I totally did. I did see that Wendy's bag. Don't go
to that
Not that bag or that bag or that bag that because I only do that in bags. That's my that's kind of my thing
That's why they that's why they call me stink bag. Derek
Don't the coolest thing about these this
Environmental sound couple they use a one industrial sized trash bag for every bowel movement
One giant plastic bag for everyone
Oh, i'm so sad. I don't even want to like
I don't even want to end the show. I just want to end my life
Is that possible can we do that can we work that out let's suffer through it, okay, uh
I want to hear Griffin's last question. I don't really
But i'm gonna say that I want to hear Griffin's last question
And so because that's what I say before I tell you about mbnbam.com. That is our our website that we have
um
It is going to be revamped
I would expect it this week. Um
Let's not let's not put a timetable on it because you know, it's no timetable. Hopefully hopefully very soon and trust me when I say
You guys have both seen it now, right? Yeah, it's bomb. It's bomb, right? It's absolutely fresh
You are going to be in love with it
um
So so thank you guys in advance for that. We're and uh, we're gonna have some new gear on the store pretty soon. Um
survival gear survival things like pickaxes, um
hatchets
Uh compasses come pot come pie come pie. Is that yeah. Yeah, that's right
Thank you to people on the uh
On the internet on the twitter spreading the world, uh spreading the word. Sorry, not the world. Um
Um people like mitchie d our boy mitchie d is always out there
Put putting it out there. Um
We got uh, I want to throw out a special shout out to magic whiskey on uh twitter
Not only a fan of the show, but just went and saw dracula at cincinnati shakespeare company
Uh, thank you so much for helping me convince my bosses that this whole internet thing is going to be around for a while
Um, uh a special happy birthday to uh mauled by jesus
Brooks turns 30 on the 28th. So we're not gonna get to talk to him again before then
So congratulations and happy birthday on the big 30 five more years and you can run for president
Yeah, uh, did you we also got an email? We got an email this week from molly. Um
Um, uh a listener of hey chris's of hey hun, how's your day fame? Uh, she said
that uh, they love the advice and um
The that writing into my bim bam was the nicest thing he's ever done for her
Which does it kind of sad real great episode is crushing. It's crushingly
depressing
um
And uh, so anyway, if you want to ask us a question mbnbam.com is mbnbam.com
Is the place for that, uh, make sure you join our facebook group. There's a link
Right there. We are up to uh,
1488 members so get on there join that group people putting really funny pictures up. Did you see a
Uh, uh dominic canelo put up a picture of him in a man-sized jar that his wife made for
He's got a little twig and a leaf in there. You guys got a group to check it out
Um one thing that we don't we haven't requested people do in a while is if you could get on that itunes tip
And just leave a review. Um
Leave a review and a rating that would just it takes a few minutes and it really helps us out
I am sick and tired of adam carola running his mouth non-stop. He calls me
Every day says hey, look who's number one and I go. Yeah adam that yeah adam
We get it just just review it and tell
All your friends to review it if you're we had an another listening party, uh this week. It's it's listening
It's uh, my brother my brother me fan club delta has been formed. Um, we're getting up there
I can't wait for amacron or up salon
um or row
Oh
So so thank you, uh to everybody doing that
um
and if you have one of those parties make sure everybody logs on to their itunes accounts right afterwards and
Just a great view. Um, so that's enough selling ourselves. Uh, and I need to go
uh
Poop in a bag. So maybe griffin could just wrap it up with a final question. Sure
um
This one was sent in by matty b. Thank you. Matty b. Uh, it's by yahoo answers user yidiot
uh with a y uh who asks
My urine smells like worcestershire sauce what gives
I'm justin mcgroy. I'm travis mcgroy. I'm griffin mcgroy
This has been my brother my brother me. Kiss your dad
square on the lips
You will never know me
Is
Yeah
