The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to saw bones and marital to you are a misguided man
Just didn't hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle. It's probably
a little pregnant
That positive right now with triplets. I'm your middlest brother Travis the effervescent
Oh McElroy, do you stop saying your last name and it's like that's our fucking brand dog
No, but like that's how a flourish works like Peter the Great wasn't like I'm Peter Smith the great
That wasn't it
I'm Griffin McElroy this the youngest of them and
So glad so glad to be here. I just want to say I just want to take this opportunity. It's from a heart
I just want to apologize to you too. I've been watching a lot of in Canto lately
Yeah
and it makes me realize how hard it must have been for you guys to grow up in my shadow because I'm kind of like
A mix of like both Louisa and Isabel strong and perfect. Yes, exactly
And I'm it's making me realize now how much you guys must have felt like I don't like a Bruno
or
Maybe you know like even like a Mirabelle just completely no power
I felt more like one of the dirty rats that lived in the walls. That's just like nobody gave a shit
I feel like I feel like Kirk McElroy is the Bruno right like cuz we don't talk about Kirk
No, no and Kirk live in the walls
Little Griffin the rat. Yeah
He'll tell you that but don't ask him Kirk kicked ass
I did like kicking it with him cuz he was like way more loosey-goosey than the than the rest of y'all
He's kind of one of us that's pissed off about cancel culture. You know, I mean like
We curbs that vibe Kirk gives off. I do
crypto and he keeps calling it curbed oh
And then he moved out and he's he's high on the hog at this point
he has a dinner plate and he like always has it on him and I'm like, yeah, what's up and he's like
a Bitcoin and I say no and then he shows me that he did draw a dollar sign on it. Yeah, and there's
And that there is bite marks all over. Yeah that he put on that he put in there. That's Kirk
We've had so many fictional brothers, which is so cool whenever we post a picture of us with
Any person who's not us and they're like, oh, there's Kirk. So I've just stopped taking pictures of people who aren't you two?
Yeah, it confuses even my children in a big way
Especially if you do a photo of the two of us of two of us with one of them not in there
But somebody else is there and they're like man Travis looks fucking buck wild and it's like that's
Travis doesn't look as strong and perfect as he usually does. Yeah
He's not covered in donkeys and flowers like he normally is right because you're a fusion of the
I'm not saying I'm literally a fusion Griffin. I'm like, it's not like there was some kind of like transporter accident and it combined
Luisa and Isabella, I'm saying that I represent
The strength and perfection of both of them. Yeah, you guys are struggling to come out from under my beautiful perfect shadow
I have an unrelated announcement. Okay, I
have an announcement for all the
Listeners of this program all of them and the haters and the haters
No, just listeners. I now know uh-huh
That dr. Pepper. Yeah is making a berries and cream flavor. Oh, I have this information
Okay, I have the information from you and you and you and you and you you and you
okay, I got it. Yeah, they're making a I
Let that go that part of myself is in the past
yeah, I am moving on to new projects much like
Gordon Lightfoot stop playing the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald because he didn't want it to overshadow the rest was great
It's the rest of Gort's gold the launch of the Edmund Fitzgerald, which was the prequel he wrote right and the model of the
Will never crash
Nothing is ever going wrong with this bitch. Hey wait, Gordon
I don't think that's what we would say
Terminology
Gordo didn't make that one up
Gordo I think
further alienating our listeners, but no like
Yep, I got it. You don't have to tweet it
But just it or Facebook it or or signal it or gab
I just have it. You don't put it on parlor for me anymore. I got it. No more periscopes. No, no, no
Got it run to all of it
I got it
But Justin you can't shut down the pipeline that has served you so well like
Charlotte combs never went to the bigger street or regulars and just like I get it. Somebody's murdered
It's just I can't I can't explain to you guys what it feels like I know we've addressed this topic before
But now when corporations are gonna make
Mondo money off of this and it's like thank you Justin. Thank you for this great corporate. Give it
It's like you're for to give you should have thought about that. Yeah before you accepted all that money from dr
Pepper to launch the berries and cream sounds on
TikTok so that they could launch this it's all been building for this and now you're biting the hand that feeds you and and drinks you
Um anyway, oh, you're just not gonna address. I'm not
berries and creamy
I'll just say this. I think that's that sounds like a kick-ass flavor. It sounds good. It sounds really good
They need it in a diet though. I don't I died. Dr. Pepper's
Berries and cream zero, I'd never drink anything else. I get out of here now Justin
You said you do other things and I would like you to list some of them, please. Yeah. Yeah
I get remember I used to do the doll thing. Yeah, that was like that. Yeah, okay. I got a
I
Got a shorty award in 2008 for what for a tweeter? Yeah, I was the AP
Regional AP award winner for my business writing and the regional AP Awards
I had a really good Facebook memory about that back from 2008 that you posted on my Facebook wall a link to your shorty award and
You said something like eat my balls or something. Yeah, it was we both up for that
I don't think we were both up for it
But I think I know word for how good a single tweet was it's so fun when you think about how different
things things were what is that 14 years ago that you won a shorty award and you were the type of person that went on your
younger brother's Facebook wall and posted a
Link to your shorty award and just said eat my balls
Different time. I will say though in 2008 that could have been a reference to the hit meme
About different characters eating your balls. Yeah, it definitely was that but still I don't think that changes the point that the odds were a different
Time would you do that now Justin?
Would you win an award for a tweet you wrote and then go on Griffin's Facebook page and post a link to that award? I
Think you'd probably get like a scarf my ass. Oh
Yeah
Scarf huff my farts kind of deal. Yeah, it's huff my farts harder edge
Seems like much more of a commitment like if someone's gonna eat some balls versing huffing farts huffing farts could almost be a passive
Sorry, I found it. This was from February 12 2009 and Justin posted a link to a CNN article about the Shorty Awards, which
Wow, it's pretty wild and he just put any just wrote and on his younger brother's wall on Facebook for everyone to see
Suck on this Wow
Suck on this CNN article that doesn't even load anymore
I
Don't know man, you've been rooting against me like I don't remember this
working for
Polygon or joystick at that point. It's
It's I forget the timeline, but I did I guess that made me feel small Justin
I just want to say there's a part of me
Why didn't you post on my wall that I could suck on your shorty award was I not on the social media at this point?
Was I not probably not you're too busy in college or something. I listen in 2009 Justin. I was 24
Yeah, you did go back there for a bit. Oh, yeah. Oh wait. I did didn't I did? Yeah, you did
Oh you did. Yeah, I did go back to college for a while. That might be true. God good times
Thanks everybody for strolling down this memory lane with us. Yeah, that's gonna do it for us this week's folks
Oh, no, no, we're ahead of I sure we're gonna help people. Yeah, okay
I'm gonna visit my sister next month. And while I'm there I use her guest room
Yeah, one problem her sheets suck. They feel like burlap. Would it be rude to gift her sheets for the guest bed or
Any advice y'all could give thanks. That's from sleepless in San Antonio
Now listen it is it is
Fine to give a host a gift. So you could be like and I brought my own sheets now. Here's the thing
Unless your your sister is completely obtuse
It will be pretty obvious. Yeah, pretty clear. I brought these sheets for me to sleep on
Go ahead and put them on now, please
I'll wait
It can't be a preference thing, right?
I'd like I prefer burlap like nobody I it they've got to be sleeping on some
Silky stuff and yeah, I don't think that I just don't think they care. Yeah, they're it's a guest bed
It's getting used to what maybe maybe once a month. Maybe probably never used
I mean, it's a very good chance that she doesn't know see this is why drug communication is so important
You got to go in and just say hey, I I love you as a person your guest bed sheets are trash
I mean, they're trash. That's one that's one option
another option is you show up day one and you're like ghost costumes and
Then you have her put on those and so she can feel it all over her body
And then when you guys are done playing ghost costumes and scaring people around the neighborhood saying that you're a ghost
She can be like, you know what?
I just had these on my body when I was pretending to be a ghost earlier and they suck
They're terrible. It doesn't matter because there will be holes cut in them. The problem has solved itself with ghost costume now
Hold on. It depends where the holes are put because what two holes that's gonna stop you from using sheets. Come on
Mr. Moneybags, I didn't realize that two holes was all it took before you stopped using sheets
No, my my child my also you're not using fitted sheets for those costumes Justin
You'll look like a sack of cash look like grimace
Okay, that's here. That's a good point
You look like a bruised up sack of testicles like grimace and maybe maybe you could help in this
So you get the sheets and you throw them in to the washing machine with some shoes?
Okay, and fabric softener and then you just run them, you know, you run over that shit. Maybe that could like
Soften them up a little bit. So it's a little more pleasant for you
I'm just saying that like if someone came to me if
If one of my brothers the one that I loved the most he came to my house and said hey
Yeah
I think fabric softener works. I
Assume it's acid that breaks down the bonds
I have to be involved in it. It doesn't actually soften it though. It's not magic. I mean it it does softer
So like why do I have to be involved in that? I thought I just reduced static. No
Are you whoa?
Are you serious? What did you okay when you when you put a sheet in the dryer? What's that for?
Well, I I use woolen balls in the dryer. Trust me. I bet you do. What's that supposed to mean, sir?
Nasty dog. Anyway, I'm an adult after works. That's proven. Go ahead Travis
I'm just saying that if the brother that I love the most which now might be evident
Came to my house and said hey these sheets on your guest bed suck
And I brought you other ones to put on there and I'll put them on myself. I'd be like, okay
I don't care like it's like yes, but it really has zero impact on me. And in fact of anything, this is a net gain
Because you brought the sheets you put them on it cost me nothing
You don't you don't even have to you don't even have to say against this sheet
You don't have to say anything bad against the sheets. Hey Becky. I hate to be a pain, but my doctor said
I have Paragribitis. I have to use these prescriptions
Hey, I got special sheets that I'm gonna leave here. There's special sheets that I'll leave here
I'm leaving them everywhere. I could possibly sleep but because of the Paragribitis I have I have to use these prescription sheets
There's also a good chance you could just change out the sheets and like secret away the old sheets and your sister would never
Know never know if anything your sister might one day years from now
Approach this to change the sheets on the guest bed and think are these the sheets I put on the guest bed
I don't know. I don't mind
unless
Unless your sister's just crazy about these Shrek ass sheets. Oh, I love exfoliating my guests. Yeah
Hey, can I approach the wizard? I wish you were cool
We got a this one was sent in by so many people and it's it is how to make a Star Wars movie. Oh
Well, oh, yeah. Yeah, just for just for fun
You might like to toy around with making the next big episode in the Star Wars saga using your own home filming gear
I would it won't be as spectacular as Hollywood's special effects
But you assume but provided you focus on the fun of making a movie and use your creativity
You'll enjoy the experience and learn things in the process
Awesome. It probably won't be the next big episode in the Star Wars saga
So you did I feel like you opened with a pretty huge salvo there of like do you want to be Borj Lucas?
And then you like immediately dipped out of that
But I do like that they used they couched it though by saying it probably won't they weren't like this
Definitely won't be the neck. They're like, hey, listen, I'm a fucking no man. Yeah, maybe
Listen, I'm gonna be a friend. It probably won't let's I don't know. Listen, we can do this ourselves
This can be a fun little game that we play. So step one think up some characters
You can't do anything until you got a couple main characters. You don't have to flesh it all out now
Just have enough to build a story around a good guy and a bad guy
Just make sure you have enough to start your plot
Now obviously we could also I mean if it's a next in the series we could use some of the ones society there
This is Chewie's big movie, you know what I mean?
Like that guy hasn't gotten enough to do right we start the problem is if you do that
Then you get in trouble with Lucas and okay come up with new guys a new good guy a new bad guy. Okay? Boy, I'll leave you right alone
spork
No
Spork magnificence. The first name has to be normal, right?
Josh my Josh is great. Yeah, Josh
G
e o s a yeah, right. Yeah
That's cool
That's how they spell it on Bova bean, which is the yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. This one's Josh dawn Tretter
John
Now that's hitting me a little fantasy. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What about
It's got to be something celestial and then a mode of transport
Yeah
Josh Sun truck
Josh Sun runner Sun trucker
Josh Sumner's cool. That's
Pretty good way of making a cool name
Fine it's John John Josh Sun runner
Well, then we can make if you want we can make the villain like that's John
Trucker and it's very confusing. They're always getting confused everywhere. They go. Dr
Lucas made it easy on us for this one cuz first name is Darth and then the second word is just a nasty sounding word
So Josh Sun runner hates his dad Darth
It can't be his dad. That's taken
Darth
Darth
Dark, this is the bad guy. Yeah, dark. What's the good guy? Josh Sun runner? Josh Sun runner?
Darth flippin's
Vader you know what I mean? Like it's gotta be okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, Darth scab. Darth shit scan
Dar dar dar dar
well, you can't be Darn-der-dar
Dar-dar Darn-der-dar Dar-dar-dar Dar-dar-dar Dar-dar Dar Denar. Darf Dar Dar sauce
Will Dr. Dar I
See your forces as powerful as my
Wait, is this another villain talking to Darth Dardar?
Are these two villains fighting to see who gets to be Josh Sunrunner's dad?
Your mother loves me more, I want to be your new dad.
Yes, so this is like we're combining Star Wars and Daddy's Home at this point.
Okay, so from Darth?
Dardar-dardar-dardar-dardar. No, please call me Darth Dardar for short.
Darth Dardar versus Darth Scabulous or something.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Scabulous.
Darth Scabulous.
Darth Hematoma.
Darth Scabulov.
Oh, love is a cool one to put in there.
Dark Scabulose.
Okay, we can agree that dark Scabulov is the cool one, right?
It's not Darth Dardar.
We're rooting for Darth Scabulov.
Well now, don't assume whom I'm rooting for, Justin.
I'm rooting for the underdog.
You gotta keep the fuel under the fire
under the writer's room.
And that's us right now, so let's keep it going.
Who's writing this down?
Step two, the wiki.
Step two, come up with a plot.
And can we agree that Marisa Tomei's playing the mom?
Can we just establish that now?
Well, I'm not casting her right now.
I'm just in this room.
Oh my god.
Okay, but I can't picture it with-
Okay.
Also, there's no moms in Star Wars.
Only aunts.
That's, okay.
And we can't make Marisa Tomei another aunt.
That is true.
You know what I mean?
That is true.
Okay, so come up with a plot.
Awesome.
Start with the main idea. Got that.
The main conflict of the movie.
We got that.
These two Darths want to beat Josh's dad.
Next, think of some things that could happen along the way.
Okay, okay.
They take him out for a drive in the pod racer.
Yeah.
No, they take him to a pod race.
But Darth Scabulov bets on the pod races.
Awesome.
And that's good or bad?
We don't like that.
Oh, we don't like that.
Well, it's kind of up to the-
Yeah.
Oh, and through a series of misunderstandings,
Darth Dardar is in the race.
Oh, that's funny.
He shouldn't be.
He shouldn't be.
He was looking for the bathroom
and he went in the wrong door
and suddenly he's out there in the pod race.
Okay, focus on a theme of your own.
You might want to make it really original,
like the Great Sith War or the New Republic.
No, that's too big.
That's too much, like that's too much lore for me.
Yeah.
I like this.
I want to establish that this is a quiet time
in this galaxy, far, far away.
Right? Sure.
Everything's pretty much,
I'm not even going to say simmering at this point.
This is just like, everyone's like,
well, I don't feel like doing anything right now.
So the Darths have some free time for romance.
Yeah, to fuck around.
Okay, so step three is-
They're not fucking around, Griffin.
They're looking for love.
Right, and all the wrong places.
And this next step is going to really be in our wheelhouse
because it's the literal next step
in this WikiHow article.
And it does say, make it funny.
Oh, hell yeah.
Humor will improve the amateur-
Keep your grades up.
Keep your grades up, make it funny.
It'll improve the amateur moving,
allowing for much forgiveness
for the amateur setting and storyline.
Add a few jokes and punchlines to your movie.
It wouldn't be a good one without it.
Make sure that you understand people's styles
and make the humor fit each of them.
Here's an example scene they have.
Rebel 1 and Rebel 2 are walking.
Rebel 1 collapses.
Rebel 2 calls for his commanding officer.
Rebel 2, sir, my partner collapsed and is not breathing.
What should I do?
Commander, make sure he is dead, then tell me.
Rebel 2 shoots Rebel 1.
Rebel 2, now what?
Oh my God.
That's a killer. Wow.
That person's dead now. Hey, can I punch up that joke?
Yeah.
Rebel 1 collapses.
Rebel 2, I think he's dying.
Rebel 1, nah, it's just I was sleepy and I shit my pants.
Okay. Funny.
That's funny to me too.
You could also have Josh Stargitter.
Sunrunner. I forgot his name.
Starrunner come up and everybody's like,
wow, fucked up, we just saw a murder on the screen.
But then Josh Sunrunner comes up
and takes the laser out of him.
And now he's okay again.
Oh my God.
Do you know what I mean?
Because then that way you do get the really funny joke
that they come up with,
but you don't have to feel guilty about it
because you watched someone die.
Oh, okay.
Because he took the laser out.
Uh-huh.
So that's cool.
And you might be saying like that,
but that's not an established Star Wars power.
And to that, I would say, watch anything.
Watch any Star Wars shit that's come out
for the last 10 years, guys.
We're just having fun with it at this point.
Yeah.
Oh, this does occur to me, Griffin,
because we hadn't established,
this is probably knowing Star Wars canon,
something we should have decided early on.
Yeah, sure.
Is Josh a chosen one of some sort?
Of course.
That's the dumbest thing you've ever said on this show.
Yeah, of course he is.
Of course he is, yeah.
So Josh, and also he can turn into a wolf.
Part four.
Hell yeah, dude.
Produces script.
Yeah, dude.
Like a force wolf?
Yeah, of course it's a force wolf, Travis.
That's the second dumbest thing you've said.
Wait, before we move on,
what have we established so far?
Josh Sunrunner is a chosen one.
He is a chosen one.
He is a chosen one.
He is a chosen one.
He is the nephew of.
He's got a, there has to be some,
like you gotta have something set up
so that in episode, like the third or fourth episode
of this show, like fucking Greedo walks in
and everyone's like, ooh!
And that's them nutting.
Yeah, he's Grogu's nephew.
He's Grogu's.
No, no, no, no, no.
I don't want tied up with the Mandalorian-verse.
Like.
Yeah, it's gotta be its own.
Ooh, even though Timothy Olyphant
is in the Mandalorian-verse.
That's great.
I don't know why that changes the point, like.
Well, he's gonna come in at the end
and sweep the mother-aunt off her feet.
Is he maybe related to Kit Fisto or something?
Oh yeah, or Porkins?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Wedge Antilles, perhaps?
Yeah, he's the Death Star's grandpa.
Anyway, and then the Death Star shows up in the sky
and everyone's like, oh yeah, baby!
I love that big ship.
He's half, well, he's half-Jawa.
He's half-Jawa, he's half-Jawa.
He's half-Jawa.
All right, all right.
He's half-Jawa.
Griffin, you're an architect
in the Star Wars universe specifically with regards to Jawa.
Yeah, I got my fingers all over the Jawa pulse.
Produce a script.
You'll need this for the actors to follow up.
Oh, well, fuck, I didn't know
that was part of writing a movie.
Yeah, it starts to get less fun.
Do you know how fucked up it is
that Griffin's here doing this
and he did actually write
it's part of the Star Wars extended universe?
Yeah, that's why I'm so good at this part.
Oh, okay, that makes perfect sense.
Yeah.
Well, then just break off a couple lines, Griffin,
that feel inherently Star Wars.
You know what I mean?
Like from the script?
Yeah, like what's something that,
because listen, you can't just be like,
hey, how's it going, man?
That's not what someone in Star Wars would say.
Sure, sure, sure.
So, like, what's a Star Wars-y way there?
Okay, so this is like, episode, this is the pilot.
Yeah.
Because I just decided it's on Disney Plus,
this series, and it's not a movie.
And Josh Sonaraj is like, I just feel something calling.
And he's got like a British accent, right?
So he's like, I feel something.
How old is he?
He's 31.
Okay.
I feel something calling to me from the stars.
Is that Michael Caine?
Let me finish.
Okay.
I feel the stars, there's something in there
moving for me, and I can feel the power grow.
Is that fucking Greedo?
Oh!
Now, wait, is that the sound of Josh nutting
over seeing Greedo?
No, it's him trying to get into a wolf.
Oh, right, of course.
That happens when he nuts.
Let's get some humor in there.
He turns into a wolf when he nuts, like in Teen Wolf.
Yeah, and at this point, I think I've decided
we shouldn't do the two dads thing.
Oh, okay.
Okay, which of the Darceel are you rid of?
Probably Dar-Da-Dar, because that's not gonna,
we can't make toys of him.
Can it be an unrelated storyline
that is happening off-screen that people keep waiting
for it to intersect?
People love the books.
It doesn't even have to be B, I mean, it could be D.
Extras, remember, Star Wars is full of extras.
Gotta find extras.
Hey, guys, we're doing this kick-ass movie
about, can I see the script?
Well, we've got one line written so far.
Yeah.
And we've made some major cuts.
But listen, we-
Yeah!
Okay, I know, I get it, the problems
with only having one line, but if you're like,
be in my movie, and the one line is-
Kicks ass like that.
I feel something calling to me from the stars.
Is that Greedo, a wolf howl?
Yeah.
Like, I'm in.
You can sell that shit in the room.
You don't have to give a script to the extras.
They don't have lines.
No way, no way.
They just are gonna react to Josh turning into a wolf,
and that's what we're selling this series on.
It's first full, oh my God, this next part beats ass.
All right, this is creating the backdrop and effects, okay?
Part one, make a set.
You'll need at least one set to film against.
Yeah.
If you live near a city or in one,
you could make it in Coruscant.
Awesome.
Huh.
What, where do you live?
Cleveland.
You can make Cleveland look like Coruscant.
Easy.
Yeah.
Easy.
One to one.
Just film the tops of the buildings, one to one.
If you live in the woods, it would be a good idea
to make the movie in Kashyyyk or indoor.
Indoor.
Yeah, of course.
Yes, obviously.
Obviously, you didn't need as many.
If you live in Arizona, in parentheses, desert,
you could make it on Tatooine.
Awesome.
If you're in the mountains-
But I wanna create a new planet.
Mountains can be Hoth, big field can be Naboo.
If you live near a swamp, make it Dagobah.
Welcome.
This is my planet, Backyardia.
I mean, it looks just like it's someone's backyard.
And these are the Backyardigans.
Kip-kip.
I have long been the mayor of Kroger parking lot,
but I am thrilled.
You've made this long journey, Sunrunner.
And it looks like they're asking us to leave
because we didn't acquire any permits.
Let us move to mom's basement here.
It's a storm trooper.
My name is Carl.
Get out of my fucking Kroger's.
Get out of my Kroger's.
Do you wanna be in my movie?
Yeah?
Of course.
There's a lot of lines in this article
that beat absolute ass.
And this is another one.
Step three, find suitable music.
You can play it on your guitar,
but you can make it better by adding the real deal.
Hell yeah.
What?
Hell yeah, dude.
Get some real jizz in there.
Get some real space jizz in there would be so cool.
But how much cooler would Star Wars have been
if it was like,
down to the down, down, squirrely, woo, woo, woo.
And people would be like,
well, this isn't the real deal music
because it's just a guitar, but damn.
That's good.
But what if it was more like,
boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
Oh, that's good.
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
Do you think that George went to John,
did John Williams do the Star Wars?
He did, right?
He did some of it.
He did some of it.
And then he was like, so he,
and George was like,
so are we new to music for this scene in a bar?
And then John Williams was like,
That's a really good George Lucas.
Thanks.
And John Williams was like,
okay, I think it'll be like,
buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
And then George Lucas was like,
no, make it stupid.
Like, beep, beep, beep, beep, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
Make it sound like a child's toy.
Make a dumb, like dumb jizz.
What?
What'd you call it, George?
Did you mean to say jazz?
Uh, no, I meant jizz.
I wasn't thinking of jizz when I said that.
That's what they call it in space.
Wait, George, you're saying that they call music jizz
and say, yeah, I'm George Lucas.
I gotta go work on Howard the Duck.
The only thing wilder than the moment
that a person learns that George Lucas called the music jizz
is the music that George,
is the moment that George Lucas learns
that semen is called jizz.
That would be the only thing wilder than-
That's it too?
Is it too late to, oh, what's that?
People will only know about it
if I talk about it in interviews?
Well, I can't stop myself from talking about jizz.
I got it.
When you've got jizz in your heart,
you've gotta let it out.
What's a funny story, isn't it?
Get some actors.
Remember how Harrison Ford flew the Millennium Falcon
in circles just to lose the Imperials in the asteroid field
and the Empire Strikes Back?
Well- Spoilers.
Well, to get characters with good personality like Solo,
you need actors with equally good personalities.
Why do you have to tell us- So Tom Holland.
Tom Holland's, his brother.
Get Tom Holland, get Marisa Tomei.
We're gonna get Robert Downey Jr.
Yes.
Get Zendaya in there.
And of course, what would the film be
with old Josh Sunrutter as Willem Dafoe?
We gotta have him.
We need him.
Gotta get Willem.
This is the thing,
because not a lot of people-
Now wait, now stop the show.
Griffin just said Josh Sunrutter as Willem Dafoe.
Yeah.
That's what it is.
It can't be the other way.
I think the sentence I said was,
what would the film be with Josh Sunrutter as Willem Dafoe?
As if like, I was pitching that to you guys.
Yeah, you're pitching a parody of your own movie
that you haven't made.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I love this.
The rest of this article kind of-
I think it might go a little something like,
now give me a job that Willem Dafoe might not normally have.
Right.
I'm hearing sex therapist.
The rest of this article is boring,
except for there's one last step that says,
create the DVD.
Once you're satisfied,
send the movie to a menu making program like IDVD
or others that work for you.
Make a cool menu design,
then burn your movie to the disc.
This is your prototype.
If you're happy with your movie,
then burn some more.
Sell them on the street or something.
Maybe make a trailer.
If someone came up to you on the street and was like,
hey, do you want to buy for $10 the Star Wars movie I made?
The answer to that will never be no.
It would, yes.
I would actually rather do that
than if someone says like,
I have a bootleg copy of a real Star Wars DVD
for like 10 bucks.
Versus one I made from scratch,
starring Willem Dafoe as himself as Josh's Sunrunner.
His last, we just don't,
I'm changing the movie again,
cause I do feel like I'm taking a sort of
like directorial role at this point.
Does it feel that way?
I would say more,
it feels more like an executive producer to me, but.
Yeah, more of an EP.
Well, here's what I'm thinking is that.
Cause you're constantly kind of
butting in.
Yeah, sure.
Listen, I'm happy just being there to shepherd
what I consider now my baby.
Well, yeah, but I've.
As the writer.
I got my hands on the scissors.
We can co-make it, Trav.
We can be like the Russo.
Did you almost call your brother Charlie?
No, Travis Russo.
Yeah.
And Justin Russo.
Like the Russo brothers.
Yeah, and I can be like a powerful movie producer.
And there's honestly only,
I can't think of too many of them.
And a lot of them are pretty bad people.
Pieces of shit.
Yeah.
So let me just say that.
Are you Kevin Feige?
Well, let me do say this.
No last name for the protagonist.
He's just Josh.
No, I don't like that.
Hey Justin, can you join me over here in my trailer?
Yeah, I'd love to.
Yeah, I'm sure.
And Willem Dafoe as Josh.
I think we gotta cut Griffin out.
No, wait, we gotta give him a different name.
We gotta give who a different name?
Griffin.
You can't just be Griffin.
That's our brother.
He's the producer of the movie.
Yeah, we gotta cut him out.
He needs a new character though.
So we're gonna give Griffin a character
and then cut that character out of the movie?
No, no.
I'm saying in the rich fiction we're developing,
Griffin can't just be Griffin.
Okay, Josh too.
We gotta cut Josh too.
Okay, yeah, I agree.
Let's go back out of our trailer.
Okay, hey, do you wanna handle it?
What'd you just drink?
I'll take care of it.
Griffin.
What do you guys think about Pete Davidson
as a new sort of-
Fuck, wait, hold on, Justin, come back over here.
That's a really, it's a really good suggestion.
It's really good.
It's really good.
Let me talk to Griffin.
Griffin, hey, Griffin.
And he would be like a hutt, like a crazy hutt.
Oh wait, Justin, step back over here.
I don't like that.
I don't think, I don't want,
I want Pete in the movie obviously, but not as a hutt.
That's it, I'm striking out on my own.
What?
It's a solo project now.
No, they already made solo.
I'm producing and directing.
This is my body of evidence.
This is my-
I'm gonna make my own, then I'm making my own movie.
Okay, we'll run them next to each other simultaneously.
Hey, we need to take a quick break.
And then when we get, we're gonna go to the Money Zone
is what is gonna happen.
I mean, that's what's happening.
Oh, I say that might just sound like Babble to you,
but I was actually speaking a foreign language.
And that's because I learned it on Babble.
This is not, that is not a ringing endorsement
for this actual advertiser.
Yeah, unless you're speaking, are you speaking Atlantean?
It's an actual service.
Because I can say it's so edifying
to learn another language.
It can make travel more fun.
It could just keep the fucking neurons firing.
You know what I mean?
Just like make you feel like you're making progress
in your life, even though some other things
might've run aground, you know?
And if one of your other friends knows the language,
you can bad mouth a third friend in front of their face
and they'd never know.
That's so funny.
Babble's 15 minute lessons make it the perfect way
to learn a new language on the go.
Choose from 14 different languages,
including Spanish, French, Italian, German, Pig Latin.
Plus-
Just learn them all at once.
That's what I did.
Just learn them all at once.
Babble's speech recognition technology
helps you to improve your pronunciation and accent.
Yes, I studied English there.
Right now, when you purchase
a three month Babble subscription,
you'll get an additional three months for free.
Get out.
That's six months for the price of three.
Just go to babble.com and use the promo code MyBrother.
That's B-A-B-B-E-L.com.
Code MyBrother.
Babble, language for life.
Hey, Griffin.
Yeah.
It just seems like you got a lot on your mind.
No, I'm doing great, actually.
Yeah?
Yeah, I'm having a pretty good day.
Okay, cause you seem pretty stressed out.
Seem to be stressed out, yeah.
No, guys, I'm doing great.
Well, why don't you take a moment
and just check in with yourself, Griffin?
Don't need to.
I'm awesome right now, actually.
Oh, God.
He's really freaking out.
Griffin, have you considered maybe doing like Calm
to like clear your head
and maybe try some like guided daily meditations?
You could improve your focus
with Calm's curated music tracks
or drift off to sleep with Calm's imaginative sleep stories
for children and adults.
Yeah.
Oh, well, let me try it.
Okay.
Oh, yeah, I was fucked up.
Yeah, I knew it.
I was saying that I was actually good,
but as it turns out, I was pretty fucked up.
I knew it.
Wow, thanks, man. And you at home, too,
can find out what Griffin has just found out,
which is the joy of Calm
by going to calm.com slash my brother.
You'll get a limited time offer
of 40% off a Calm premium subscription,
which includes hundreds of hours of programming
and new content is added every week.
There's over a hundred million people
using Calm around the world.
So go check it out calm.com slash my brother.
And for listeners of the show,
Calm is offering a special limited time promotion
of 40% off of a Calm premium subscription
at calm.com slash my brother.
So go to calm.com slash my brother
for 40% off unlimited access to Calm's entire library.
That's calm.com slash my brother.
Hi, I'm looking for a movie.
Oh, I got you.
There's that new foreign film with the time travel.
There's an amazing documentary
about queer history on streaming.
Have I told you about this classic
where giant robots fight?
Or there's that one that most critics hated,
but I thought it was actually pretty good.
Ooh, I know the one with the huge car chase.
And then there's that scene
where the car jumps over the submarine.
Wow, who are you eclectic movie experts?
Well, I'm Evie Whiteyway.
I'm Drea Clark.
And I'm Alonso D'Arazo.
And I'm Alonso D'Arazo.
And I'm Alonso D'Arazo.
And together we host the movie podcast, Maximum Film.
New episodes every week on MaximumFun.org.
And you actually just walked into our recording booth.
Oh, weird.
Sorry, I thought this was a video store.
You seem like a lady with a lot of problems.
Well, Manolo, we have a show to promote.
It's called Dr. Game Show.
It's a family-friendly podcast
where listeners submit games
and we play them with callers from around the world.
Oh, sounds good.
New episodes happen every other Wednesday
on MaximumFun.org.
It's a fast and loose oasis
of absurd innocence and naivete.
Are you writing a poem?
No, I'm just saying things from my memory.
And it's a nice break from reality.
Is that, are we allowed to say that?
I don't know, it sounds bad.
It comes with a 100% happiness guarantee.
It does not.
Come for the games and stay for the chaos.
I have to do my laundry at a laundromat.
And I often find that people will leave their clothes
in the dryer long after they're finished.
And I need that dryer.
You don't mind know where this is going.
You're gonna throw away their clothes.
You can throw away their clothes in the garbage.
I don't wanna just pull their laundry out
and put mine in, that seems rude.
And the laundry will get wrinkly.
So I fold the clothes and put them on top of the dryer.
I know that's weird, but is it too weird?
No one has caught me yet.
Well, that's not a good followup for the question,
is it too weird?
I have no idea what I would say if someone caught me.
I just don't want their clothes to get wrinkly,
but I also need to use the dryer and I don't wanna wait.
Do I need to stop doing this?
That's from Secretly Folding Laundry in San Antonio.
I don't know.
I'm fucking stumped, man.
I got nothing.
I don't know what weird is anymore.
I've lost all kind of like perspective.
Yeah.
Oh, you know who could help?
Let me call Chris Gethard real quick.
Cause he actually...
He's not gonna take your call.
Well, let me see, hold on.
He's so busy.
I'm dialing.
Beep, boop, beep, boop, beep, beep.
Beep, boop, boop, beep, beep, boop, beep, boop.
Beep, beep, boop, boop, beep, beep, boop.
Wow.
Sometimes it feels like you just dial with your heart.
That was just me making noises with my mouth.
Okay, now I actually call him.
Now I got him on speed dial.
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
That's not what speed dial means.
It also is way too many numbers.
Where is he?
I can't hear him.
Who is this?
I'm really fucking busy.
Who is this?
I told you.
Hi, Chris.
Chris Gethard, welcome to our phone call
that we're having together, a real phone call.
Thank you for calling, but do you know how much
it cost me to get the custom number
when you wish upon a star?
That was supposed to be Boba Blacksheet.
Boy, is my face red.
I think we may have just doxxed you, Chris Gethard,
for our more musically inclined listeners.
Yeah, it's like a vanity plate, but phone number.
Right.
Once I was on TV for the first time,
I demanded the phone company give me
when you wish upon a star as my phone number.
Yeah, yeah, they did it
because you're one of the Hollywood elite, that's right.
Big time.
I'm known for it.
Yeah.
It's synonymous at this point.
When someone's like, you know, like a famous person,
like a Chris Gethard, yeah.
Yes, yes.
And then someone says, who?
And they go, he was on the office after Steve Carell left.
He played Dr. Gary LaMarche on NBC's Blindspot.
Show some respect.
Blindspot isn't Blacklist.
No.
Thank you, Justin.
That's really, that's a helpful mnemonic device I use
to keep Blindspot and Blacklist separate in my mind.
Yeah.
My mother-in-law, for every Sunday
when we'd come over for dinner,
for literally 18 months in a row,
would say, have you guys started watching the Blacklist yet?
I'm thinking about it, man.
It's worth it just for James Spader.
Every time the pitch is the same.
Yeah.
Hey, Chris, we had a laundromat question come up.
You had no way of hearing it,
so I just wanted to sort of recap for you.
Basically, someone wants to use the dryer
at the laundromat, but there's clothes in it,
and they take them out and fold them,
and they want to know if that's okay.
And I just want to get like your take on it,
sort of a, you know.
You're a real clothes horse, and we know that.
Like, you're big into fashion,
and you wear Supreme stuff all the time,
and so we just figured you'd know
your way around a laundromat.
Well, I actually have pretty strong opinions on this.
Okay, cool.
Because I lived in Queens, New York, for many years
in a building that had shared laundry
and way too few machines for way too many residents.
Mm, yeah.
And you are absolutely allowed.
Well, there's like a certain set of social graces
you have to go through.
There's steps you have to take.
You have to go in, you have to realize
that the dryer's sitting there full of laundry.
You have to get kind of huffy about it.
You have to look around.
You have to open the door of the dryer.
Then you have to look around again
to see if anybody's coming.
Shut the door.
Then you have to quietly simmer
that someone has put you in this position.
Wait, wait, wait.
Opening the door and shutting the door.
Is that like a trap, a distraction?
What's the purpose of that?
Is it performative?
Is it to draw attention?
You open it because you realize
you're being put in the bad position
of having to touch someone else's clothes.
Oh, okay.
So you check it out.
You're gonna give them 10 more seconds
to get down here and handle this.
And then you open it again.
But you give it that cursory open,
like I cannot believe another human being
did not set a timer or pay attention
to their timer on their phone or whatever.
They are putting you in a bad position.
And at that point, if they haven't arrived,
you are allowed to toss all of their clothes
into one of those rolly racks
and leave their clothes there.
And I've been on both ends of this.
I've tossed my fair share of clothes into rolly racks.
And I'm not proud to say on one or two occasions,
I've come down to a laundry room
and found my clothes in a dryer and I deserved it.
I deserved that.
And I know that I put that person
through some mental duress,
but never fold another person's clothes.
There you go.
Thank you.
That's serial.
I would rather walk up to someone
at a nice steak restaurant and then reach down
and pick up the steak off their plate
and then set it back down,
then interface with their clothes on such a deep
and intimate level required to fucking Marie Kondo
that shit on such a large scale.
That makes me want to be sick.
And listen, you could say, listen,
one could make the argument that at that moment,
it's the cleanest the clothes could be.
And then you're sullying them with you.
If I came in, and also I like my shirts
folded a particular way.
Yeah, they're going to fold it wrong.
That's what I was going to say.
They're going to fold it wrong.
Not the way, the special way you like to do it.
And also you're going to find out I left
like a paper towel in my pocket
and now there's scraps everywhere.
And you're going to know that I lazily threw my jeans
in there or whatever.
I get it.
You're going to come across like a sweater
that should have been laid flat to dry
that I clearly didn't give two shits about.
And you're going to judge me.
That's my secret shame.
You're not supposed to know about that.
If I came upon a pile of my own clothes
that had been folded by a nameless, faceless stranger,
I would have to throw those clothes away
and I'd have to move out of that building
if it was one of my special buildings.
Because someone would have that on me forever.
Yeah.
Right.
It's just such an invasion.
I mean, for starters,
what if your silky drawers are in there?
You know?
Exactly.
What if your silky, sexy drawers are in there?
Or worse, your lazy day drawers.
Your lazy day drawers.
Like you don't want someone pawing all over
your unmentionables.
That's a huge problem.
And then, you know, also,
what if they do something weird,
like fold your underwear?
Like you don't,
like I would never fold my underwear
in any scenario in my life ever.
Do you roll it?
No, you wad it up and jam it in.
There's no, I'm a finite person with a finite life.
Like I'm not going to fold my underwear.
No one will ever see it.
Like you jam it in.
Yeah.
Now, Chris-
Anything else is a waste.
Do you roll it in or do you wad it up and jam it in?
You wad it up and jam it in.
You can say, just jam it in.
Take yourself a step.
Now, Chris, when you lived in New York
and you had this issue,
did you never just like go out to your window
and put all the clothes on the clothesline
that ran between your building
and the building across from you?
Watch the kids play a stick ball on the street below.
And you hear kitty cats having fights in trash cans
and somebody yelling about a pizza or something.
While the gangs of New York did battle down on the street.
Yeah.
The ice man.
The guy selling, who'd shaved down some ice
off the big block of ice was clanging his old bell.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
As they collected dead from the plague, you know.
I'm doing it.
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Every once in a while I'd do that, sure.
Yeah, okay.
Because it seems like I would take advantage of that.
If I get like, I don't want downy fresh clothes,
I want the smell of the city on me.
Like at all times.
Mm-hmm.
And then some detective sidekick,
a little put-upon boy in a newsboy cap,
he'd yell up at me,
hey mister, don't hang those clothes there.
This is a active investigation, mister.
Right.
And you'd say like, I saw something, but I ain't talking.
Yeah.
And then they would come put the screws to you, I imagine.
And also it's good,
because when you put your clothes on on that clothesline,
if someone falls out of a building,
they can land in your unmentionables,
and that's gonna help break the fall and be comical.
I have another problem.
On top of the dryer is the dirtiest place in my house.
It's covered in lint.
That's disgusting.
Now you just in-linted their garments.
That's horrific.
That's the punishment though.
I would say to Chris's point from earlier,
if they wanted to avoid the in-lintening,
then they should have been down there
before the timer ran out, not after.
Like if it's gonna take like 48 minutes or whatever,
you set your timer for 43 minutes
to give yourself time to get down there
and be poised and ready to remove your clothes as,
like your hands should be on the handle when the buzzer goes.
Chris, I have a judgment call for you,
because you have more experience in this.
Less weird, folding someone else's clothes
or taking their clothes and putting them back in the washer.
And when they come down, just like, you must begin again.
Like it needed more.
The cycle starts anew.
Putting them back in the washer is such a fuck you.
I looked at them, they were still dirty.
Had to go one more again.
What if you pulled them out
and then you piece by piece hid them separately
around the room and left a note like,
yes, your clothes are clean and dry,
but it's up to you to find them.
You have all the clues.
That would drive a person truly insane.
If a person came down to the laundry room
in their building and was like, I am positive
I switched these from the washer to the dryer.
Why are they back in the washer?
That's like an Edgar Allen Poe level psychological torture.
We need a third device.
We need a third appliance in the clothes cleaning process
where you wash and then you dry.
And then we need like a proving drawer
where extra clothes can be stored
so that someone else can get down on the washer.
Well, if we're trying to avoid, maybe you just put it in
and it just bounces them around for a while, right?
It's not really doing anything
except they can't settle into wrinkles, right?
It's just keeping them vibrating.
That's good, a vibrator.
We could just call it a vibrator.
Just call it a vibrator.
I feel like wrinkles is a burden.
If you let it go longer than the dryer
and you are not there to get your own dryer stuff out,
promptly, I mean, ideally before the buzzer goes off,
certainly within three to five minutes after it goes off,
if it goes past that window,
wrinkles are your burden to bear.
That's your penance to pay.
And you know that.
And that's part of the social contract of living in a city
where you shared laundry rooms.
If I was on an elevator in a building,
unsure if one of the other people in there
had at some point folded my clothes for me,
I would have to be dead.
I would have to find a way to turn off my heart and my brain
because I would never be able to look anyone
in the eye again.
Wrinkly clothes are an accepted,
everyone knows that when you live in a society,
there's certain actions that have consequences
and not getting to the dryer promptly
means you might have wrinkly clothes.
I'd much prefer wrinkly clothes on my own terms
than folded clothes on someone else's.
And I'll die on that hill.
Also that way, when you're walking around the building
wearing wrinkly clothes,
or if you spot someone else doing it and you're like,
that's them.
I know that's the person who leaves the laundry in there.
Now, Chris, let me ask you this,
cause I'm dying to know.
Would it be better or worse
if the question asker had printed up some business cards
with their face with a picture of them
and their name on it and like their apartment number
that said like, listen,
I don't want you to worry about this.
I did it.
I folded your clothes.
And this is my schedule should you choose to avoid me
for the rest of our lives.
Or like, or it says on there like,
hey, I'm trying to get into business for myself.
Only the first one's free though.
So if you would like this kind of attention to detail
in our white glove service in folding laundry.
If you came down and they were tied up
in some like parchment paper
with like a twine.
Oh, that's so nice, fuck.
Like on a cruise ship when you get them
and they all got the little tags in their basket.
I feel like that's going to turn this from like weird
to ooh la la.
I've got like a fairy godmother.
Yeah.
Chris, what else do you got going on?
What's going on with you, bud?
You want to just stick around and rap for a while?
Just what's going on, bud?
Yeah, what's going on?
What's going on with me?
I'm a dad now.
I got a beard now.
Everything's changed.
Whoa.
Did they happen simultaneously?
I mean, they all tie into a midlife crisis.
That's very clear.
The child triggered a larger midlife crisis
that has now reflected itself in facial hair.
Yeah.
That's why you called your baby Corvette.
I get it now.
I didn't understand.
I actually got a Vespa with the first baby
and then I was like, that was fucked up.
And then with the second baby,
I like reflexively got another Vespa.
Yeah, that was weird.
Now I'll tell you, Chris, when my first was born,
I had a very long beard
right up until she was about nine months old
at which point she was able to make full blown fists
and attempt to remove my beard from my face
at which point I shorn it down to quite a short level.
So just, I am not quite certain how old your baby is
but you've got that to look forward to.
He's about to be three.
And I cannot grow enough facial hair to have him,
he already punches me, kicks me, gales in my face.
He's at that age already where,
I'll tell you the exact window he's in
because I've heard that most kids go through this is,
he can pee in the potty, no problem,
but he gets really embarrassed about pooping.
So he poops in the diaper
and then when you go to change the diaper,
he's humiliated and shamed
and reacts with rage and violence.
That's the exact window.
That's how I feel when I poop too, just like still.
It's gross, it sucks that we have to do that.
It's so weird and our parents told me
I was the only one who did it.
That's fucked up that they said that to you, Trapp.
Yeah, I know, it's really weird.
Hey, you got a new essay coming out from Scribd Originals.
Oh yeah, I'm promoting.
I wrote a thing called Dad on Pills.
It's on a service called Scribd.
It's not quite book length, but it's up there.
You can get an audio book or ebook.
And it's all about, I think a lot of people
of our generation, it's like we're the first people
who started openly saying like,
hey, I take Depakote, I take Xanax, I have anxiety,
I have depression, we're all gonna talk about these things.
But I wrote a thing that's all been all about
how I'm reconciling that with being a dad.
Because a dad, like you're supposed to be a role model.
Mole rattle?
Mole rattle.
A mole rattle.
You're supposed to be a mole.
You're supposed to be a Moe Rocca.
My father was a fantastic orator
and a fine mole rattle for me growing up.
I've spent my whole adult life feeling sort of like broken
and not like a god, I don't feel like a man
by the traditional standards.
And now I have a son, that's ridiculous.
So it's all about that.
And it's pretty funny and I like it.
And it's raw and it's real.
Can I ask you a question, Chris,
that I was struggling with last night?
Sure.
And this is a little more serious,
but we have raised a lot of guesses.
It's not heavy, it's just like one more thoughtful.
My kids are like talking but not communicating.
Just like, you know how kids are just sometimes like,
I just gotta make some noise.
Oh yeah.
And they were both doing it
and I was really getting stressed out
because I get too much like noise, people talking,
and then you're feeding the kids
and it gets like just because of the way
my brain's all put together,
I got like unduly frustrated
and like really in my head about it.
And I really struggled with should I like,
should I tell my kids that like,
it's hard for me when this has happened?
Like, it was a real struggle.
Like I didn't know really how to handle it.
Like I felt weird telling them
that they had to modify my behavior
because of my, you know, mental illness.
And like, I feel like as a parent,
sometimes I have this urge
that I should just like keep trucking
and keep on pushing through no matter what,
but it did feel like admitting a frailty to them.
And I don't know, I just wanted to get your thoughts
on that sort of broader idea.
This thing that I wrote,
it's exactly about all those questions like that.
And I'm with you.
Oh, so you're saying I gotta get the black guy.
You gotta pay for it.
He's gotta get his nut milk away.
I gotta get his nut.
Plug, plug, plug.
No, but I'm with you and it's exactly,
just I sit there and I have all those instincts too
of like, I better put the poker face on
and I better make them think everything's okay
and I gotta be strong for my son.
And my dad did all those things for me
and he's a great dad.
But then I also think about how many years
I've unwrapped so much of those exact things in therapy
and how that mentality of feeling like you need to be tough
in the face of stuff and how you shouldn't show emotion,
like how much that built to boiling points for me.
And I go, oh, this is all stuff that instinctively
I'm feeling like I have to do
because that's the only example I know.
Maybe some of it's example, some of it's biological.
I don't know, but it didn't work out well for me.
All those traditional, like, I wish that maybe at,
I'm not the only person of my age
who probably wishes my dad could have been
a little more emotional,
who could have let his guard down at times
and maybe that would have let me let my guard down.
And I sit here and I'm like, man, I am a mess.
I'm an actual mess.
I had an incident, we moved to our house in Jersey
and I write about this in the thing that I'm plugging,
but I started to have like an attack.
Like I've had these panic attacks,
these anxiety attacks over the years.
And I realized I hadn't looked up the mental hospital
closest to me at my new house.
So I looked it up just in case I had to go.
And it was one that we used to,
when we were growing up in Jersey,
one big thing that people like to do for fun
is they go and they break into abandoned mental hospitals.
Yeah, it's really fun.
And I was like, oh, it's Greystone Hospital.
I've broken into the abandoned parts of that.
Am I really gonna go be,
is that the full circle moment of my life?
Like when I was 16,
I used to break into this mental hospital for fun
and now I'm gonna go be a patient there.
And I'm in my yard holding my son.
It's the circle of life.
That's the real circle of life.
And I'm like Googling that with my phone in one hand
while holding my son in the other and crying.
And I'm just like, oh, I am bad at being a dad
in the traditional sense.
So how do I do this?
And when I went to look for advice on it,
there wasn't much out there.
So I just wrote a thing that is funny.
I'm not qualified to give advice,
but it's like a funny look at stuff like this.
It's never stopped us.
Yeah, we've been doing it for 13 years.
There you go.
Yeah, you build up, right?
You just start getting honest.
You just gotta start getting honest.
You can also, Justin, you can just do what I do,
which is I'm very open about my emotions
and my mental health and my kids,
but then I also tell them stories
about different wild animals
that I've been in fist fight with
and how much I've embarrassed those animals
and be like, yeah, there's one time three bears came in
and I whooped their asses.
I do that too.
I'm like, yeah, I know I'm crying
about this McDonald's commercial I saw
and I don't seem to be very okay,
but I built that table you're eating on, kid.
Yeah, right, right, right.
Oh yeah, I just watched 30 seconds of Homeward Bound
and yeah, now I'm sobbing,
but also watch me pick up this heavy chair.
I can't listen to Sola Salute from Seussical,
so what, kid?
Get off my case.
Well, I got a punch to the drywall.
I got 50 cigars.
Hey, you're going on the road again.
Yeah.
That's gotta feel, gotta be exciting.
Oh, it's the best.
I had started going on the road last year
and then the Omicron shut it down.
Oh yeah.
Pushed it back five months.
Oh yeah, baby.
Yeah, baby.
Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep.
I got it all scheduled starting in May.
People can go to ChrisGeth.com
and I got, I mean, dates all over the country
of Florida and California and Portland and Seattle
and guess where else?
West Virginia.
That's right.
For the first time.
Come to Morgantown.
For the first time.
Have you never been to West Virginia
or have you never performed?
I've driven through West Virginia
and in my past life, I used to work at a book series
all about haunted places and conspiracy theories and stuff,
so I've driven around West Virginia
in relation to that.
I went to the Trans-Allegheny Asylum there.
There's a huge abandoned mental hospital
that they turned into a haunted house.
Tasteful.
Love that.
Love it.
Yes.
Yeah, we did, when we had all our tours planned out
for 2020 and I can remember very clearly
having this discussion of like,
well, we had to cancel the March shows,
but I bet this will be all set by April.
And I was right,
it turned out to be April 2022.
Yeah.
Oh, so you guys got your tour dates back up?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Good, good.
I wanted to name the tour something
like the God Willing and the Creep Don't Rise tour
or the Tempest.
This time for sure.
Yeah, the Pending to, the Hubris of Man tour.
That's at KrisGeth.com.
Scribd is where you can find
Kris' new, not a book, I know.
It's like a novella, but it's a novella.
It's called Dad on Pills.
You'll like it.
Dad on Pills.
And well, Kris, I appreciate you being here, bud.
Thank you.
Oh, thanks for having me.
And we didn't even talk any smack about J.D. Amato,
which we could have done.
Oh, we will.
Oh, that fucking clown.
Join us for the NBNB AM after show.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Thank you, that was so fun.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
That was, no, that was for Kris Gethard.
That wasn't for you.
Damn it.
How dare you?
Don't try to steal one of Justin's precious thankses.
Well, I was just so excited.
You know, like on Great British Bake Off,
when Paul Hollywood goes in for the handshake
and another contestant will swoop in
and take the handshake and then Paul's like,
damn it.
Yeah, I touched you.
Sorry, I was gonna shake your hand,
but then Tom Rick came over and took it.
Tom Rick is the name of every contestant on the show.
Anyway, thank you, Kris Gethard,
and thank you to you for listening.
And I guess thank you to Travis.
Yes.
Yes.
I don't need your thanks.
Yes.
I don't need it.
Fucking got it.
Travis, do the promotions.
You're good at that.
Oh, right, right, right.
So we're really excited.
We're going back on the road.
20 Rendezvous Fancy Takes Flight Tour.
Tickets are on sale now.
We have stops in Washington, DC,
Detroit, Michigan, Cincinnati, Ohio,
St. Louis, Missouri, Kansas City, Missouri,
Minneapolis, Minnesota, Boston, Massachusetts.
You don't have to say the states.
Oh, Mashantucket.
Salt Lake City, Portland, San Diego,
and a version of the Mashantucket area.
People aren't going to be like,
oh, you mean San Diego, North Carolina?
You know?
Well, I know, but I was trying to get,
I was trying to pump it up, you know,
because sometimes people just like hearing
the name of their state, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
That's how I feel when I hear Ohio.
So virtual Taz in May.
We've got all kinds of stuff going on.
You can find out all the links and all the info
at bit.ly slash McElroy Tours,
and mask and proof of full vaccination
or negative COVID tests within 72 hours
of the event start are required.
You can find out all the info.
Once again, all the ticket links
at bit.ly slash McElroy Tours.
We're so excited to see you
and come to a town hopefully near you.
I mean, we're doing as many as we can.
We're trying to catch up here.
And thank you to everybody,
speaking of virtual NBNB AM,
thank you to everybody who joined us
for the virtual show on Saturday.
That hasn't happened yet.
No, but it will once people listen to this.
We haven't done it yet.
How do you know if anybody joined?
Maybe nobody joined.
Well, at least dad will be there.
Video on demand is still available for $10.
You can still watch that now at bit.ly slash NBNB AM virtual.
Maybe you'll be the first.
Maybe you'll be the first to see it.
Well, I doubt they'll be.
NBNB AM virtual.
Trav, you gotta do the URL.
I know, bit.ly slash NBNB AM virtual.
There's no way they'll be the first.
Dad wrote a children's book
called Goldie's Guide to Grandchilding.
It comes out on March 29th.
You can pre-order now at link tr.ee.
That's L-I-N-K-T-R dot E-E slash Goldie's Guide.
Go pre-order that now.
We got all the great stuff over at macroemerge.com,
including the pin of the month,
which benefits the National Black Women's Justice Institute.
We've got the 20 rendezvous pins over there.
You can get two pins or one or whatever you want.
Go check them out.
That's designed-
Three, baby.
Whatever you want.
It's designed by Lucas Hespinheide.
Go check those out.
And we've got the I'm Not Ashamed of My Clown Husband sticker,
which is designed by Jacob Bailey
and benefits the Huntington Children's Museum.
Also, I'm on Twitch.
Twitch.tv slash the Travis McRoy.
Hey, thank you to Montaigne for the use of our theme song,
My Life Is Better With You.
If you're in the mood for dope tracks,
she just did a new single with David Byrne
called Always Be You.
Possible.
Impossible.
Nobody's that cool.
It's possible she is that cool.
And yeah, thank you.
Thank you, Montaigne.
And that's it.
We don't have a final Yahoo ever again,
but instead let's just-
Will you do-
Short prayer?
The thing is you're doing a new bit.
Yeah, maybe.
Oh, Griffin, maybe this is your final point
sign off to a college graduation.
This is your don't forget to wear sunscreen
or something like that.
You do know that I am doing that in a couple of places.
Oh, then this is great practice.
We haven't talked.
Listen, Griffin, we don't have time
to get into that because it will be a thorough conversation
when we do address that topic.
Well, then I will say that go out there
and just fucking go ahead and just go out.
Sorry, it's go out there.
Go ahead.
Tonight-
That sounds like you're holding the door open
for the graduating class.
Tonight, make the most of it.
And go out there.
Go out there.
Go ahead.
Good shit, Applebee's.
Why didn't Justin-
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother,
my brother may kiss your dad's square on the lips.
It's better with you.
My life is better with you.
