The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hey everybody, welcome to my brother, my brother, me, an advice show for the modern era.
My name is Justin McElroy, and I'm your oldest brother of the show.
My name is Travis McElroy, and I'm your middle-est brother of the show.
And I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. Boys, it's good to have you here.
I'm excited to have the opportunity to speak to the both of you today.
Thank you, Griffin. I'm glad we could be here for you.
I forgot how we do it.
This ain't how we do it, this isn't how we do it.
Justin, I have great news for you though, and that is that we don't have to stay
in the podcast game anymore because I've discovered a new exciting career opportunity
that I think the three of us can spearhead together.
I've been working on it for the past 48 hours, and I'm already a multi-dollar heir.
And I think that I can grab the two of you and I can bring you up with me,
up the success ladder.
Is it gambling? Because I've been doing that already.
No, God, you're not on that fucking fan duel, are you?
We can talk about it later.
Yeah, we can. Yeah, we're gonna talk about that shit later, Travis.
No, it's not gambling because gambling assumes a risk of failure.
This is a 100% guarantee.
It's a proven system, scientifically proven system.
Boys, I'd like to talk to the two of you about joining me in becoming a beauty-tainer.
Excuse me?
Now, what's a beauty-tainer?
A beauty-tainer is, of course, a secondhand retailer of the cosmetic line
belonging to one Miss Tyra Banks.
She has a new cosmetic line, and it's called Tyra, and she's looking for...
And guys, the hard part is gonna be getting on board,
because the audition process is rigorous.
But if you can get on board, you can join me in selling these Tyra beauty products
to your friends, to your colleagues.
You can have tie-tie parties at your house, and you will.
I already have tie-tie parties, so it's really encouraging for me
that I'm gonna be able to sell merch.
Uh-huh, you're gonna get something out of these tie-tie parties
because they're expensive to put on, aren't they?
Getting salon people in there to give people that tie-tie chop,
and bartenders to make my tie-ties.
Listen, it's gonna be...
I almost said risky, but it's not risky.
It's guaranteed.
I've made $16 in the past 48 hours.
Wow, just like that?
Do you know what that translates to?
Do you know what that translates to?
No.
It's pennies.
Pennies on the hour.
Pennies on the hour, guys.
But do you know how many hours you have in a week?
525,600.
Girl, let me ask you this.
So you're already a beauty tainer,
so you should be able to answer this question.
What is it?
What sets this product apart from all the rest?
It's gonna make your whole gut pop.
Whoa, are popping guts back?
Yeah.
Your gut, it's gonna pop.
And your face is gonna...
And that's good.
Yeah, that's like a new word.
So that's a word that Tyra...
Every week, Tyra sends you a letter in the mail,
and it just has like a new Tyra-ism in it.
And this week, it's like, make that face...
Now, can you give me a spelling?
Just a quick spell check on that,
so I can add it to my dictionary?
Yeah.
My auto correct.
S-W-E-W-P.
S-W-E-W-P.
It's pretty much phonetically...
So it's pronounced S-W-E-W-P.
Yeah, you got it.
Just for yourself, like a regular beauty tainer yourself.
Is there any upfront cost to getting on board?
That's exactly what I was gonna ask.
Thank you, Travis.
$35,000.
$35,000 at very reasonable.
One time fee, one time fee though.
And it's like, you know, the title doesn't go away.
Once you become a grand master chess player,
you're always a grand master for life.
It's a one time only fee per year, right?
Yeah, yeah.
That's what I meant, one time.
Per annum.
Yeah, you only have to pay it once every calendar year.
And if you don't pay it, they actually do come to your house
and they take away all your beauty tainer credentials.
But I feel really, I feel good about myself
for the first time in a long time.
And that might just be because I am completely
just fucking covered in the stuff.
Oh, so you're using, you're high on your own supply.
Yeah, well, I've got $35,000 fucking dollars worth
of creams and salves and there's a sparkle element to it.
And I look fucking incredible.
I feel like a million dollars,
but I feel like actually I probably have about $600 worth
of creams and salves on me at this exact moment.
Anyway, I want to talk to the two of you.
Maybe we can do it after the podcast
because I sense your hesitance.
But I want to turn that hesitance into fucking glamour.
President has a sense.
Prestidigitation.
Like presidents like the Bills.
I want the two of you to become the presidents of America.
Okay.
I don't think that Tyra can help with that.
No, I think she can.
I think this is the first step.
She has a lot of power.
Tyra Banks is an inspiration.
My daughter will say in the speech to her civics class
in 10th grade, Tyra Banks is an inspiration.
She was our nation's first fabulous president.
That is true.
She was our sixth female president.
Six female.
But she was the first one that was like really fucking rocking it.
Did anybody watch Friday's episode of ANTM 2.2?
I'm a little behind.
You're a little behind.
Okay.
Well, she does a whole music video promoting her line of products
and there's the chorus of it.
Can I perform it for you now?
Because we have to perform it every time you hold a party.
Please do.
And by party, I mean enclave.
That's what she says to call them.
Anyway, the song goes,
Work the hallway like a runway.
Work that hallway like a runway.
Excuse me, Ms. Banks.
Excuse me, Ms. Banks.
What do you mean by work that?
What do you mean by work that hallway like a runway?
I, Griffin, I guarantee, let me take you behind the curtain
to where they were writing this hit single.
Yes, please.
I want to reference a runway,
but Ms. Banks, like not everybody has access to a runway.
Well, can anybody find a hallway?
Yes.
Okay.
So we'll just make it like a hallway is like a runway.
What do you mean?
Except it's not because it's like enclosed
and there's nowhere for people to sit and snap pictures.
And that's why you have to make the hallway like a runway.
Come on, Steven.
If you're at a dinner party
and you're waiting on the bathroom
and then just coming down the hall from the bathroom,
you saw the host of the party just working it,
you would think that's insane.
Yep.
Or if you saw like a 16 year old kid
walking down a hallway at school,
just like working it like they were on a runway,
they're going to be shunned.
I just wanted to like warm you guys up to the fact
that whenever we're together
and you see me moving between a narrow chamber between rooms
and I'm just fucking on my grind.
Griffin won't even acknowledge always anymore.
He just calls them shitty runways.
Yeah.
Enclosed runway cages.
One of my best friends is an incredibly cheerful
and positive person.
Like relentlessly so.
I am fairly eh with my outlook on life
and appreciate her disposition.
Although at times it can be very overwhelming.
How can I tell her to tone down the sunny side
without sounding like a total monster?
Overcast in Omaha.
Bad news.
It's too late.
It's like you already sound like a total monster.
Yeah.
His friend, you've come to the wrong place.
I think the reason you have a problem
figuring out how to say it
is because like there is no reason to say,
like play that out.
Like, hey, hey, Debbie, don't be so happy.
Yeah, like it doesn't make sense.
I mean, think about it.
How does it negatively affect you at all?
How cool is your life that you're not just like
feeding off of people like that relentlessly?
You gotta feed off.
Do you not realize that that's,
maybe you don't realize that that's the secret
is you have to be a joy leech
by hanging off of the fatty flesh of your happy friends.
You are not harvesting enough.
That's the problem.
The problem is with you.
You are supposed to come at like the little bird
and peck the joy from between her teeth.
Like the rhino.
And that's good for both of you
because then she gets her teeth cleaned
and you get a little bit of happiness chunks.
Do you know that song Rainbow Connection?
That song is literally about like a virulent proboscis
that you just jam into your happy friends
and you sustain yourself.
Yeah, you are the pilot fish to her shark of joy.
You need to just clean that joy off.
If she has to do her abundance
it's because you're not filling your quota
of just draining it.
But listen, don't change too much
because she's also feeding off your sorrow
and that's important.
If it wasn't for that, she just wouldn't,
she would just be dancing in the street.
I think we've basically just described
the plot of Inside Out, right?
Like that's the happiness and sadness go together.
And we've also described like the truth
about cats and dogs.
There's a lot.
Must love dogs.
Must all dogs go to heaven.
Air Bud one through six.
I just don't see why it's important to you to like-
Unless.
Like you understand.
Unless she's cheerful at like the exact wrong times.
Oh boy.
Like a friend like has just like had their car totaled
or like a loved one passed away
and she's like, awesome, great, totally cool you guys.
You didn't say she's unbalanced.
But they said at times overwhelming.
Yeah, they just watched the harrowing documentary
Dear Zachary and then it's-
Good one TV program.
Classic.
Classic.
I could also see though in like if everybody's like,
oh, do you wanna order a pizza?
And she just is like, it's the greatest thing
where I could see it coming across as very insincere
if she's overly cheerful and excited about everything.
But that's on you.
If a person's being sincere and you think they're being insincere
that is not a them problem.
That is a you problem.
But is that a conversation you'd have?
Or like if you're that excited about everything
then you're that excited about nothing?
Like you have to vary it up into-
Absolutely not.
Why not be senselessly joyful?
Why not just be completely happy about-
We all used to be fucking stoked about pizza.
We all used to get that stoked about pizza
and she has somehow preserved that
and for you to come around and try to snatch that from her hand
is a sin.
It's sinful.
If you say someone's over-
Like my friend is really happy
and sometimes it can be overwhelming.
You sound like Lydia from Beetlejuice.
You have to just lighten up a little bit.
I agree.
I agree too.
How about a Yahoo?
Wait, is that-
Well, I don't wanna be-
Oh man, I don't know.
I don't wanna be like callous or hurt somebody's feelings.
No, you are the way you are.
It's just like I understand that this is not a-
Okay, let me put it to you this way.
If this is genuinely a problem for you,
the onus is on you to distance yourself from this person,
not to try to fucking bring them down.
Or to hang out with them at appropriately cheerful times.
When you're in a good groove,
you got that radiation vibe you're grooving on,
you're gonna call her up,
get out there in the sun,
get some mochas and just have a day.
And if you find yourself in a situation
where she's like super cheerful about something,
try to see it how she sees it
and maybe you're like, you know what?
There is a lot of good in this situation.
People like this are fucking magic.
They're real life magic.
And you've got to surround yourself
with as many of them as you possibly can.
Build yourself a flesh barrier with these happy SOBs.
You need it.
We all need it.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah.
This Yahoo was sent in by game recognized game,
Rachel Sperling.
Thank you, Rachel.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Oh, they're anonymous.
And for good reason, based on this question,
it was posted in education and reference,
higher education, university plus.
Have you guys started university plus yet?
Oh no, I wasn't willing to pay the subscription fee.
Yeah, you gotta pay a subscription fee,
but they let you keep your level and the items.
I haven't found all the collectibles in university.
From the original university.
Anyway, this anonymous answer, Yahoo asker,
let's call him BJ asks.
Nice.
Nice, come on.
BJ asks, do colleges look at Yahoo Answers?
And if they did, I have asked some very personal questions,
such as when I did vape.
Now, I just, there's a lot.
His test scores are out of this world.
Lots of really great extracurricular.
What's this?
Wait a minute.
When did vape?
When he did vape.
Wait, he's also spelled vape with an at sign instead of an a.
Is vape like banned on Yahoo?
Yeah, so that way it can't be.
It's actually pronounced va-ta-pe.
Hand me that va-ta-pe cigarette.
If you can be tracked from your human identity
back to your Yahoo Answers identity,
you have fucked up worse than anybody could fuck up ever.
All right, let me finish reading the additional details.
Personal questions, such as when I did va-ta-pe,
or when I was younger, I asked how to master,
I don't have to finish that word, master.
Pokemon.
Pokemon bait, master Pokemon bait.
I don't have to finish that word, lol.
Well, I have asked some questions like that and such.
Do colleges look at Yahoo Answers?
And if they did, would they not accept me when I'm older,
slash not like me, slash not approve me?
I mean, if they did, they were just questions.
Questions are the keys to your mind's development.
One, whoever has to do that at a college
has the worst job in the world.
Two, I want the answer to be not like you,
but still accept you from the college.
Like, yes, you can come here.
Oh, God, look at you.
This person you've just described, Travis,
who asked the Yahoo Diver,
like I'm imagining somebody just wearing fucking riot gear,
just connected to a fucking like oxygen tank.
I guess it's the logical conclusion
of if like Drew and Rachel and Zoe Kinski went pro.
Yeah, yeah, oh, God, they went fucking white hat.
They're on the right side of the law now,
surfing the deep web for dumb questions.
This is my brother, my brother and me civil war.
This is the sort of thing that like somebody would invent
like an AI program to do data mining into Yahoo Answers
to see if college applicants had ever asked
how to masturbate or how to Vitape.
And then that program that you create
to do that data mining would definitely become sentient
and definitely kill humanity
because it's seen the darkest, darkest side of us.
It's lived through the darkest universe.
I will answer the greatest Yahoo Answers question,
how to protect humanity from itself.
Yeah, by annihilating it.
I think that was Robot Kennedy I just did.
I think it definitely was.
I loved it.
Ask not what you can error, logical fallacy.
I cannot imagine why,
can you even imagine being the person,
not just the person who has to read them,
but the person who has to connect the identities?
Like how would you even?
Oh, sorry, this guy, I'm actually his Yahoo name loaded,
it's actually Steve Jefferson, Huntington High School,
class of 2016.
Okay.
So that's his username.
So that might actually be-
His GPA is on there.
His GPA is on here.
Can I say something?
His SAT and his ACT, wow.
He fucked them both up.
He did a really bad job on both tests.
Yeah, very substandard.
Like really super bad.
All the stuff that we see in like movies and TV shows
where it's like your extracurriculars
and all that stuff,
does that stuff actually matter?
Like I didn't like super do a great job applying to colleges
and got into the University of Oklahoma
because I was a National Merit Scholar.
I never really went through the application process.
Is it that in depth where they like would even care?
Like do they even check like your Facebook profile?
Do they care that much?
Oh, they definitely do.
Just like you got money, you're not dumb, get in here.
Oh no, they definitely do a deep dive.
A hundred percent.
They are getting deep down in there.
You're sure?
Oh my God, yes.
Oh, every single applicant, they do a full blown deep dive.
Oops, looks like you said a racist thing
three and a half years ago, you're out.
Well, then they're like, listen,
there are lots of kids in them colleges.
There must be a pretty loose guy where they're like,
okay, we take off 12 of these boxes.
No, that's why there's no racist kids in college anywhere.
That explains it.
I've been wondering why they-
You say one racist thing and you're out.
Unless you go to RacistU.
Yeah, there you're welcome with open arms.
Open racist arms.
I can't, I-
What if this person's applying-
RacistU is actually my safety school.
What if this person is applying to vape university?
Vapin' and Baitin' university
where they always teach you how to vape and bait
and you've shown a lack of proficiency with those things.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Or no, no, no.
Or because you got started in the game so young,
though maybe they might hire you to be like a TA
or something like that.
Okay, I think that whether or not a school's gonna do
this deep of a dive depends on the quality of school
you are attending.
For example, I live in Huntington and applied to Marshall
and if you live in Huntington and apply to Marshall,
they're just like, yeah, cool, come on.
They just assumed you were already going there.
Oh man, do you know Greg?
You're in.
Yeah, cool, come on in.
But isn't it kind of a self-fulfilling prophecy
where if you are the sort of person
that is combing Yahoo Answers for data about vaping
and baiting, you are probably not looking at a top tier school?
Is that inaccurate, do you think?
That's hateful, that's hateful, that's hateful.
That's hateful because you know what that means, Justin?
What?
This person's got a fucking curious
and therefore beautiful mind.
I'm not worried about the person-
Have you seen that movie Beautiful Mind
where all he does is vape and bait?
And get on Yahoo Answers and make sure he's doing both
as good as he possibly can.
I also enjoy that this gentleman or lady
is worried enough about this to ask Yahoo Answers
but not so worried about it
that they're going to just delete their Yahoo Answers account.
Like, oh, I might need some of that information again.
It's gonna be harder to index.
Because if they don't get into college,
they need a place to learn things.
My point is, my non-hateful point, Justin, is this.
I'm not worried about the person who gets on Yahoo Answers
to learn how to optimize and streamline their jerking
and their smirking, which is what I call vaping now.
I'm not worried about that person.
I'm worried about the person who does both for the first time
and is like, yeah, this seems about right.
And then they are lazy about it
and they don't hone their craft.
This person has a curious mind, a hungry mind.
And that's exactly the kind of person that I want
attending my new program at Harvard.
Welcome to the club, Steven.
And by club, I mean the school club.
It's just a school.
They said it's called vape and bait.
It's, yeah.
Tyra went to Yale Business School,
took some business classes there.
Yeah, and that's exactly why I've decided to follow her
into the fucking fungible battlefield.
My sister and her husband are a few years younger
than my wife and I.
We're all in our 20s.
Whenever we're together, they complain about how poor they are
at one point or another.
In this neck of the woods, it's called poor-mouthing.
Is that an expression that she's used there?
Is that really a thing?
Yeah.
Sydney's like, Sydney's grandparents used to say it.
She's told me.
It's just like saying you're poor when you're not?
Just saying you're poor.
Like just talking about being poor.
Like poor-mouthing.
Anyway, at the same time, I see them making expensive purchases.
A huge telescope to look at the blood moon eclipse.
An air rifle with the same caliber as a 22 rifle.
I'm gonna, tonight's the night, baby.
We're, tonight's the night, baby, we're gonna kill the moon.
Wait, no, wait.
Now line up the shot.
Tell me where to aim.
A huge telescope to look at the blood moon eclipse.
An air rifle with the same caliber as a 22 rifle.
Silver bullets.
Some shackles.
Wait a minute.
These people are werewolf hunters.
But I know for a fact they make a lot more money.
No, you skipped an important part of the puzzle.
Okay.
Another gift that they got.
The air rifle and they got us really nice gifts for our new baby.
But I know for a fact they make a lot more money than we do
and don't have any right to complain to us.
How do I get them to stop claiming they're poor
when I know they're not?
That's from actually poor in Atchison, Kansas.
Yeah, I mean, I feel like it's just sort of a good rule of thumb
to pretend in social situations with family and friends
like money just does not exist.
Yeah, I feel like that was the, like the thing that
I was kind of raised like,
don't ask someone how much money they make.
Don't talk about like how much money you have.
Do you remember when we used to ask mom and dad like,
are we poor?
Because they didn't like buy us stuff.
Like our like spoiled friends would get their parents
would buy them stuff.
And mom and dad would always like dodge the question.
I'd be like, oh shit, I don't know if we're poor or not.
And now looking back, I see like, of course we weren't poor.
We just weren't fucking spoiled.
Like they didn't just buy us shit constantly.
I worked at one of the many jobs I have worked.
Like a dude on like his first day looked me in the face
and said, how much do you get paid here?
And it was like, oh, go fuck yourself.
Like, I don't want to tell you at all.
Like what possible good could come from me discussing
how much money I make.
I just say, I just tell people what tax bracket I'm in.
Three.
Three, I'm in the third one.
I'm in the third one.
Which one are you?
Oh, I'm in blue.
I really don't think there's like, okay.
The problem with engaging with this issue for you
question asker is like, you cannot,
if you try to challenge them on like the telescope
or the rifle, you're opening up a discussion
that you severely do not want to have.
Like the first time you challenge like,
maybe you aren't poor.
Like that is going to be the rest of your afternoon.
Yeah, sure.
I needed that telescope for my work.
Well, and also what this is, is like-
As a scientist.
As a moon hunter.
This is also like a matter of like everybody's,
it's all relative, right?
So like, maybe they are poor
because they're spending their disposable income
on stuff like telescopes and rifles and shit.
I've got all my money.
I've got my money in telescope futures.
But like, and so like, if you sit there and go,
like you're not poor, they're like, yeah.
Like we can't afford to like fly to Hawaii
and be like, okay, well that doesn't mean you're poor.
But to them, maybe it does.
Yeah, sure.
And so it's such a relative term that trying to argue
with someone whether they are poor or not
is like trying to argue with someone
whether they're happy or not.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Maybe they're so egregiously bad with money
that they do not understand the direct correlation
between buying telescopes and being poor.
Like they-
I've gone over the finances a thousand times.
What is this here where 20% of your income
is going to telescopes?
Oh, but that's like, that's not-
That is non-negotiable.
That's in the telescope.
See, we budgeted for telescopes.
Yeah, we actually underspent on telescopes
if you can believe that.
Yeah, we saved it.
Every week they get an email from Mint
or some other financial planner just like,
what the fuck are you guys doing?
Credit with the teller that you have like a hoarding.
It's a weird telescope hoarding.
Hey, just a quick update.
You spent a little bit more than you did last month
on going out to eat.
And also stop buying so many fucking telescopes.
But you say that now.
But when this sister alerts you to the fact
that there's an asteroid heading to Earth
and they reveal that they spent all of their money
on an escape pod, you're gonna be happy.
They're poor.
An escape pod from Earth made of telescopes.
This is not airtight.
It has no propulsion.
There's no propulsion system and we're all gonna die.
But we're broke.
But we're broke, so whatever.
Yeah, we died penniless.
It's good timing.
Justin, Travis, how much money do you guys have?
Right now?
On me right now?
Yeah, like how are you doing financially?
I have 40 Canadian dollars that for the life of me,
I cannot fucking understand.
Bro, I was cleaning out my underwear drawer
because I bought a new chest of drawers.
So you know how Chiboy's doing.
You know that new Drake song?
I check out my new chest of drawers.
What if Drake only wrote songs that sort of obfuscated
how he's doing financially?
Like started from the bottom and now I'm somewhere.
He just writes a song called Comfortable Lifestyle.
It started from the bottom.
I'm not on the bottom anymore.
I got, you know what?
Fuck it.
The song is started from the bottom.
Now we're here.
That could mean anything.
I preferred his follow up song.
And now I'm there.
And I'm there.
And I'm there.
And you're there.
Maybe a little bit higher.
Maybe a little bit lower.
It's hard to say.
It's hard to say.
Any given day, cash flow problems.
We all have cash flow problems.
And he's got that one that's like 1-800 hotline bling.
And that sounds all about how
now he's a little bit lower than he was last week
because he bought so many fucking telescopes.
He loves them because he uses them to look back into Canada.
He misses it so much, but he can't go back.
And he wanted to do that thing.
He wanted to point two telescopes at each other
and look down one telescope into the other telescope
to see if like you can see.
To see what's going on in the universe.
How telescopes work.
My sister and her husband, Drake, keep buying telescopes
and complain about how poor they are.
Should we go to the money zone
so we can get some telescope scratch?
Yeah, absolutely.
I could just turn these scopes.
I don't know why we're so concerned about money
because we're all about to be trillionaires.
We're all about to be chameleonaires
because we've learned how to work that hallway
like it is a runway.
We want to advertise our new beautainment business
with a new website.
Where can I turn for something like that?
I don't know anything about anything.
I'm an idiot.
Yeah, you are a big dumb animal.
But I'd recommend going to Squarespace.
Squarespace, you know them.
You've seen their beautiful commercials.
Those are some aesthetically pleasing commercials.
I don't know if you guys are getting those in your regions.
But I see those commercials and I go,
damn, that's a well-made commercial.
Anyway, My Brother, My Brother, Me
is brought to you in part by Squarespace,
the all-in-one website platform.
Squarespace sites, they look professionally designed
regardless of your skill level.
No coding required, no coding needed.
You can start your free trial today.
No credit card required.
Nothing is required of you.
No jacket required.
No jacket required.
Actually, if you want to make a fan site
to the Phil Collins album, No Jacket Required,
you can do that on squarespace.com.
Yeah, and you also don't need to know
anything about the album No Jacket Required.
Nothing is required of you.
Please send me a link to that site if you make it.
Go to squarespace.com.
Please make a website about No Jacket Required
that is obviously coming from you,
a place of you never having heard the album,
knowing nothing about Phil Collins,
knowing nothing about his line of music.
But I do need a track-by-track breakdown
with the actual track listings.
I want that as my fucking homepage.
And I want it made in Squarespace.
Just go to squarespace.com, use the offer code MYBROTHER,
all one word, and you'll get 10% off your first purchase.
Squarespace, build it, beautiful.
Underpants.
Oh, good.
I'm just, I'm trying to keep it fresh
because we've talked about me undies,
we told you that they're the most amazing underpants
on the planet. If you want to keep it fresh,
I recommend putting me undies on.
Me undies.
It's like a fucking refrigerator crisper drawer
for your bits.
Me undies.
Ooh, God, no.
Oh, let's do this, let's do this.
I'll say me undies and then you guys throw in a tagline.
You ready?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Me undies.
Put your dick in the crisper.
Me undies.
They're like hammocks for your ding dong.
There we go.
Well, both of those were for men.
We need-
Okay, let's try one more.
Let's try for women minor products.
Okay, me undies.
Put your vagina in a crisper.
Nice.
If you go to meundies.com slash my brother,
you get 20% off your first order.
And listen, we talk a lot of bullshit on this show,
you guys, a lot of bullshit, but it is not bullshit
when I say me undies are easily my favorite thing
I've ever put on my body.
Yesterday, I bought a new chest of drawers.
Did you guys hear the news?
I heard about that Drake song.
You hear about Griffin's chest of drawers by Drake.
Bought a new chest of drawers and I moved all my stuff over
and I very deliberately put my me undies
at the top of my collection just so when I open it up-
Oh, for sure.
I look like fucking, I look like Robert,
that's probably what Robert Downey Jr.
sounded weird.
Me undies sent me a new product.
What the fuck?
Lounge pants made from me undies material.
Suck it.
I forgot to tell you guys.
Suck it.
Why didn't I get that?
They sent me me undies.
Wear my pants.
They sent to Sydney and I and they are amazing.
Imagine if you could just wear underwear to Kroger.
Now you can, thanks me undies.
I got a personal message here.
Did we do the thing?
Go to meundies.com slash my brother,
get 20% off your first order if you don't love them.
Your first pair is gonna be free, but you're gonna love them.
So shut up.
I got a message, I got a personal message here.
Is it the one for Jackson Cusack?
Yeah, for the Jack sack.
Is it the one from Jason Yu or is it a different one?
Yeah, from the Jayce Yu for the Jack sack.
We often get personal messages that have in jokes in them
between the two people.
I think this one sets the record for like
highest number of in jokes.
This is fucking, this is thought.
Justin read it.
This is thought spaghetti is what this is.
You're today's soft rock.
The Ewok wizard on my skateboard.
The Spider-Man on my Canada day.
Don't let the coke take your blue steel and sex appeal.
Vivi will always be there with polar bears, fishnets,
faux afterwards and fire.
Never stop goofing.
Keep it going.
Now what I really hope is that Jackson listened to that
and was like, what the fuck are you talking about?
Are you having aphasia?
Like that doesn't.
Can I do another one?
That's like real, like Jack sack's gonna get some like
like actual information out of.
Yes.
Okay.
Hey Jack sack.
It's your boy Jason Yu.
Thanks for coming with me on that trip to Boulder,
Colorado three weekends ago.
I had a really good time and I agree with everything
that you said about patriotism.
Thanks for vibing and keeping it tight.
Thanks for vibing and keeping it tight.
If you need me, I'll hit me on my Moby.
And also-
If you need me, I'll be hanging out with the Moby.
And also I love you.
I got a message.
You're a good friend, Jack sack.
From your boy, Jason Yu.
A message for Lauren from Seamus says,
hi banana bread, happy anniversary.
That was very enthusiastic.
Let me try.
Hi banana bread.
Hi banana bread.
Hola banana bread.
Happy anniversary and birthday to my favorite person
in the world.
I can't wait to fly cross country with you to Vancouver
to see MBM live.
Holy shit.
That was in August.
That was two calendar months ago.
I'm so sorry.
You did wait, in fact, to do that.
You're the best.
People, we've warned you before.
Stop, like don't even reference who the president is.
I hope you're getting this at a time
and we're both still alive.
Well, good times or not are had by some or all.
Can you believe that did or didn't happen together
for not forever?
I'm glad I'm glad we were allowed to commune
for one hour under the laws of President Bebeborp,
the robot that controls humanity.
You're the best and I love you.
P.S. Vancouver is dripping with Tim Hortons locations,
so you will not go wanting for a cooler.
Man, that last day we were in Vancouver,
Justin, you had to leave super early in the morning.
But Travis and Teresa and I tried to get in
on this fancy restaurant to get like a fancy brunch.
They like fancy Belgian waffles
and I was very excited about it.
It's called Medina, Vancouverites.
I'm sure you've been there and you love it.
And it's downpouring and there's such a long line
and we were so miserable.
And we're like, fuck it, turn the corner.
Tim Hortons right there caught us up in its loving arms.
I ate it and I had the strength of 10 men all day.
All day.
I'm Dave Holmes.
And if you've been missing my show, International Waters,
then you've been missing this.
If there's one thing I know about owls,
they are wise, two things.
They are wise, they love nightclubs.
They wear tiny graduation motorboards
and they love nightclubs.
They also do the best double takes of all birds of prey.
And if you slow it down, they actually go,
get it out, get it out.
International Waters, a panel show
where US and UK comedians battle
for pop culture supremacy.
Subscribe right now on iTunes or at MaximumFun.org.
How about a Yahoo?
You know you want this shit.
Yeah, OK, fine.
This Yahoo was sent in by Level 9000 Yajra Drew
at Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yajra Answers user Lele, who asks,
how did you learn how to beatbox?
I'm really trying to learn the basic sounds,
but the only thing I can't do is the inward snare.
Well, I don't think I'm doing it right.
At least, what are some websites or videos to watch?
Justin, Travis, I put the question to you
because I'll tell you, Beauty Taynors,
there is a performance element to it.
I don't think anyone should do the inward snare.
Travis!
Inward.
Oh, God.
I don't even know what that sound is.
Justin does this fun thing whenever he's on set with Biz
where he just eats spaghetti.
And while he has that spaghetti in there,
while he's eating that olive garden to go,
he does it with the pasta in and around his mouth.
It's really fucking incredible.
I just made that sound and it made the side of my tongue buzz.
Really weird.
Yeah, that's really weird.
I can't unfeel it.
Yeah, that's music, baby.
That's the music leaving your body.
That's your tongue orgasming with the pleasure of creating.
How does anyone learn how to beatbox?
Are there beatboxing schools?
Are there beatboxing dojos?
If it's anything, it's a dojo, yes.
I'm pretty sure they just sneeze over and over again
and think, well, that sounds good.
I tried to do that one.
Wait, do that again, Sneezy Steve.
Do that again, sneeze.
Sneeze wouldn't be an expression creative name.
Please, I told you, my beatbox name is Puss Sneeze.
I've told you guys so many times.
Shut up, Drake.
Puss Sneeze?
Puss Sneeze.
There's an apostrophe.
It's like a P'Zone, I think.
Yeah, I think this is probably one of many things
you can learn to do on YouTube.
Things I learned on YouTube.
I fixed my garbage disposal the other day.
Just got out the- While learning to beatbox?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I had them going on two different devices.
I was like fixing up this hole in the sink.
I guarantee with the sheer amount of shit
that's on YouTube, you could Google,
teach me how to both beatbox
and fix my garbage disposal at the same time
and you would get like 10 hits.
Yeah, from like Expert Village.
Hi, my name is Phillip.
Hi, this is Phillip from Expert Village.
Watch me do.
And we're done.
Now, Griffin, it sounds like you were doing
a combination of beatboxing and scatting.
Which one of- Hey, guys, which one of the three
of us do you think is the best beatboxer?
Probably me.
I think it's Justin, hands down.
I just imagined in my head when I said that.
When I just said that, I imagined in my head
the image of a YouTube, sorry, YouTube clip.
Have you been to JawTube?
Have you been to JawTube yet?
No, the image of a YouTube clip began when I said that.
Like that is the beginning of this slam dunk bit.
Which one of us is the best beatboxer?
That is the question that I posed to you.
Well, I think Justin.
I've never heard you beatbox before that I can remember.
I've never heard any of the three of us beatbox in my life.
I bet it's you.
Including and not limited to myself.
I've never heard myself beatbox.
So this is largely a theoretical discussion.
I can do the in like the bass drum hits,
you know, boom, boom, boom, that kind of thing.
But that's more like a heavy hand knocking on the door.
I could do the record scratch.
But I'd have to warm up first.
Can I try?
Yes, drop it.
I gotta get my lips really, really wet.
All right, here I go.
You got it.
Kevin, are you proud of yourself right now?
Right now we can't even sell ads against this hit bit.
This is on YouTube.
On JawTube.
Hold on.
Wait, let me try again.
Kevin.
Wow.
Kevin, that's funny.
You just you don't have like a Kevin.
Hold on.
I'm still working on it.
You don't remember me, but we used to work together.
I never worked in a funeral home.
There's something I can leave for you, Slick Point.
Hold on.
It's coming.
We're the men in black.
We have a situation and we need your help.
And that's the thing I say every time before I beatbox.
Kevin, are you just watching Men in Black?
What is that?
Anyway, that's just one of the many routines
I picked up on at school.
Then Griffin, I just got to say that was excellent.
Yeah, thank you.
Let me just try one.
Okay.
Okay, cool.
Here we go.
Hi, I'm the baby brand new just out.
Gotta love me.
Come on.
Gotta love me.
No, that's just now.
Justin, I'm the baby brand new just out.
Gotta love me.
Come on.
Gotta love me.
So that just sounds like the baby dinosaur from Dinosaurs.
All right.
That's the lead.
Okay, now I would like to do one here.
Yeah, okay.
But I don't have my computer sound hooked up, Griffin.
So if you could edit in some beatboxing here, that would be great.
Yeah, I'm not going to remember to do that.
Okay, we'll leave a moment of silence here for you to edit it in.
And then let's leave an extra moment of silence just for this episode.
Just like in remembrance of it because it died.
The moment of silence begins now.
Okay, because it died.
No, you gotta be silent.
Okay.
In the arms of the angel, fly away from me.
Oh, I spit on my pop filter.
My dad loves playing the piano.
It's his absolute favorite thing to do and he plays all the time.
Problem is he's so god awful at it.
He's been playing.
Please fix my bad piano dad, brothers.
See, that's all you need to say.
Give him new piano hands.
Please, sweet brothers, give my pop a new piano hands.
Please fix his bad piano.
He's got these stupid piano hands.
He needs smart piano hands.
Bionic dad.
He's been playing ever since I can remember and has never improved.
My mother agrees.
We would say something, but my dad is really sensitive.
Even asking if he could stop playing because I'm trying to take a nap hurts his feelings.
What the fuck?
How can I find a way to get my dad to start playing less often or hint
at this without hurting his feelings?
I'm moving on about three years and I don't know if I can last that long.
Oh my god.
Billy Joel Jr.
No.
No, that's from Bitter Daughter in beautiful British Columbia, Canada.
That's an amazing question.
I love the combination of an overly sensitive and really bad at piano dad.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hey dad, you're doing a great job in there, but it's four in the morning.
Do you think you could maybe keep it down a little bit?
Keep on rocking in the free world.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Now kids gather around the old key box because daddy's got a special surprise.
It's Canon MD.
I just figured out how to do Canon MD.
Here it goes.
Squinky dink dink dink dink dink.
Squinkly dinky dinky dinky dinky dinky dinky dinky dinky dinky dinky dinky dinky dinky dinky dinky.
Hey dad, did you hire the DJ for my Quinceanera?
Oh, no need darlin'.
I'm gonna play all the hits today on my old finger guitar here.
Sing along if you know this one.
Play us the song.
You're the piano dad.
Don't you know anything more modern?
Penguins I can do cheerleader. Do you kids like cheerleader?
This is
Basically you're being held as an emotional hostage
And you really we I know I've said this before your dad is set up quite the honeypot for you here an emotional
Emotional honeypot you do need to pack your bags and move away you definitely that's the only solution for you
Your dad has constructed the perfect trap because P playing piano isn't I think it's even like
There's something implicit when you're playing guitar for somebody that is an act of courage because while you're playing guitar
You're almost certainly going to be staring the person dead in the face
That is like a cruel thing you're doing to the person because it forces them to react to your show
Piano I think there's something implicit that where if people don't like it
You don't see it until you turn around. Yeah, sure more of a betrayal
But they were always like almost by definition laughing behind your back
I think you know it's it's pretty late in the year now, and I think something we may have all forgotten
Is that it's 20 griff teen oh my god? It's been six months since we've said those words and here's the plan
One day while your dad's playing piano you're going to say you know it sounds a lot of tune
And he's gonna go what really there's like yeah, I I don't know it's a sound that we need to get a piano tuner in
Here, but here's the thing you and the piano tuner in cahoots the piano tuner comes in and says oh, yeah
This is like dangerously worn wire if you keep playing this it could
Explode or whatever the equivalent of a piano breaking now pianos can explode definitely sure to know because they're under a lot of high
Tension tune them too tight it tears of tears
And he says I can't tune this and I also can't allow you to keep playing it my creed as a piano tuner
Doesn't allow me to leave this dangerous object here. We're going to have to take it away problem
Problem is as soon as he says that dr. Strings pops in it's like I got it. Oh god damn it dr. Strings not again
Dr.. Strings, I'm trying to hold on dr. Strings. Can you come over here? Yeah sure what's this? What's crack-a-lacking dr. Strings listen?
Can you fucking can you fucking lock it down for a fucking second dr. Strings and trying to grift my dad?
I'd love to but you know my jam. I follow around other piano tuners and try to give a better rate
dr. Strings needs to get his be quiet I
Oh, it's the old get rid of the piano from the emotionally sensitive dad scam. I'm into it
$30 into my help is yours
I can't do anything about that their key box, but I can do something about that daddy
What are you saying? Dr. Strings? No, just watch me go dr.
She's huge looking the life out of my father. I'm tuning him. No, you're killing him. Please. You're killing you stop
I'm your daddy now
Please
Let you out of that lamp
Oh fuck doctors who's gonna take this body away. Hey
Dr. Barney, you got a body here. Oh
the old bad
Piano sensitive dad called dr. Strings. I get it. I'm there with you another body. Dr. Strings someday. I'm gonna get here before you
Hey
You need the piano tune I'm trying to pick up some extra cash
That was terrifying
Dr. Strings. I really enjoyed the doctor strings character and killed that guy's dad. Yeah
Yeah, that was rough
That was a bad break for dr. Strings. Um, here's another guy next no read the next
I really like the next one and I want Justin to react to it
Okay
I just knocked my roommate's toothbrushes off the sink and into what can only be described as a hellish hellish garbage. That's a good priorities
Oh my god. No, I have to email the brothers
What can I do no toothbrush cover thing no nothing just
Virgin bristles and to make it work. Does anybody use toothbrush covers? Is that a thing? No god
I'm gonna put a little helmet on him
It seems like that would be a breeding ground for bacteria. Anyway, yeah
Absolutely make it worse moments before I ran the vacuum cleaner over his phone charger and basically shredded that thing like sharp cheddar
Now I find myself in a quandary do I come clean on either of these misdemeanors?
The charger is probably necessary to reimburse or some shit. But how about the toothbrush?
SOS that's from toothbrushless in
Tejas um
You guys remember that season or I think it was real world
Where somebody was acting a fool and so they took that person's toothbrush and they scrubbed the toilet with it
And it's like the only time I've ever seen in a reality show like a producer came in was that hey straight up
You can't use that toothbrush because it got it got pretty it got kind of gnarly
Can you believe that that actually I don't normally intercede here in today's in today's reality show market
They would just like film it like yeah, let's see it. Yeah, let's see
See him put that poop. Let's see him get like all kinds of disease. I want to see him get poopy mouth
They probably edit in some funny sound effects like well, it's time to brush my teeth
Yeah, like a heart. Ah, here's what you do. This is a really easy one. Okay
Right now you have a problem because you have done two bad things. That's not good. That's not great
Here's one bad things an accident to seems definitely a malicious intent
Here's what you need to do. You need to get into your house and mess up everything. You can't overturn the tables up in the middle
Take the flowers out of the pot and throw them on the ground
Blow the piano explode the piano and then do you know his dad and then kill sad and then you know
What you do you go and you get Marmaduke and you get Marmaduke in the house
So when he shows up, you're just like have your hands in your head like Marmaduke. No stop and you get just all the Duke
That's all of that. You also just put the toothbrush back and don't tell him. Yeah, you put the toothbrush back wait
Okay, yes some three. Can I just three inconsistencies? There's no inconsistencies with the Marmaduke. No, I've got three off the top of my lid
Okay, got it. Number one. Okay, how did Marmaduke put the toothbrush back?
I get him knocking it off but for him to put it back that was an insane thing that Travis said that's
Any sense? Okay, number two, okay
How he ran the vacuum cleaner
He thinks these people and I know I know I know I know what he thinks
But like if the roommate was running the vacuum cleaner and Marmaduke was like, hey, I'll put this cord in there
And then he just sucked the cord. Okay. I've well now I've got another fucking inconsistency because Marmaduke definitely didn't speak you
Do you honestly fucking think that if you get home and to find that?
Marmaduke has like up ended your whole existence. You're gonna kill Perot the individual clues. It doesn't make any sense
Justin not right away. It's not right away, but there will it will burn in his brain and two years later
Like hey, do you remember when Marmaduke was in our apartment and like trash? How did he run the vacuum?
And I also at some point shouldn't we get separate bedrooms? This seems weird to me. Well, good night
Number four
Just wrecking shit wasn't Marmaduke's thing
He thought he was people and he was like a silly boy and he would like sit on the couch like look at me
I'm a big silly man. He thought he was people but he wasn't Dennis a fucking menace
He wasn't a Tasmanian devil, you know what it had been better is Beethoven more
Palatable me. I was thinking of Beethoven. You were thinking of Beethoven that whole time. We try again. Okay. Okay. See here's what you do
Right now your problem is you only have two things that are messed up. Uh-huh. Two things. It's intentional
Yeah, two things. It's intentional. But what you're gonna need to do is ruin everything in your house, right like
Flip your TV over. Oh, and then go get Beethoven
I've been poached
Griffin edited out the first one and now there's just this one and my movement has it's gone
I've been choked poached
Travis is gonna register that
Tomorrow on the max foot store you're gonna have and then you get Beethoven t-shirts
It's gonna have Travis's face coming out of it. Try to a bitch on the front page of the Financial Times now Travis
How did you make your billions? Well, it was my uh-oh Beethoven. What'd you do shirts?
So hold on wait, you made license shirts based on the dog movie franchise Beethoven and they didn't know nobody came for it
I don't know
It was weird now that I've seen rumors online that your brother Justin was a these rumors are false and libelous and scandalous
I no longer speak to my brother
We do still do the show you do the show yes, but this is we just never directly address each other
It's right. It's the two of us talking to Griffin. That's you know, it's funny
If you look back over all the episodes Justin and Travis never actually speak to each other. It's true draft
Wait, oh shit
Broke let's it in the in let's end the program. God nothing to make me happier than that. I'm feeling good
I'm sitting the last like episode that the three of us did we were so fucking down in the dumps tired
At the congo from LA pop fest. I this is a 180 degree turn out
Thank you all for being patient with us while we fucking soaked in the soaking
Rewarded your patience with that effort with a best of it's just like it was that weekend was fucking insane
And listen, I've seen a lot of people like tweeting and asking about it
Like I know the schedule has been off for like the last two months
Where we've been putting up episodes like Tuesday morning and late Monday night and all that shit, but like we're getting it
It's getting it back together. No. Yeah, it's not gonna be a regular thing
It just is fully August and September were crazy because I feel the same way that like
It's really important to me that podcasts be there like what I'm expecting them, right?
Like I've got my week sort of like laid out for for how far each podcast has to carry me
And I know that's frustrating when a podcast you like doesn't show up when you expect it to so we are
Genuinely, sorry, that is the one contract that we have with you
Yeah, and and we have and we have failed you in that regard until we are we are very sorry for that
But this will be up on Wednesday though. Yes. Yes. So apologies. This one's gonna go up on
Fler's day, which is not even a day. It's flirty Thursday. It's flirty Thursday. Hey, what's up?
TGIF nope, we want to say thanks again to me undies
Me undies are dedicated to offering the most comfortable underwear and I feel they've succeeded if you go to me undies comm slash my brother
You'll get 20% off your first order and a hundred percent on your genitals. Um
I want I want you all to this week
If you have a chance if there's a maximum fun show you haven't listened to give it a shot. Give it a listen
We actually did an episode of Jordan Jesse go last week. That was our switch episode and it was so fun
And we we talked about
Grinding down Fred Savage into dust and baking him into bread
It was a it was a real hootenanny. We did with her friend Chuck Bryant
That's a good show for you to go listen to we also did the flophouse with our dad
Yeah, we talked about leprechaun origins
You might have missed that cuz it went up on on Saturday and if you're doing stuff this weekend, you may miss it
But yeah, our our flophouse episode is up, but all the shows are really great and we're we are really
um
We love being a part of this network
It is it is a it is a great thing for us to be a part of I'm like
I'm excited about the shows that we do but I'm also like really excited about being a part of this bigger thing that I really
I I think we're all on the same page just like really
Love so yeah, go listen the other shows. I
Would like to say a pretty huge. Thank you to Jeremy Baker
Jeremy Baker when I limited that
I we had not been to Disneyland yet
He hooked me up with a couple passes and Teresa and I went for our anniversary
Yeah, he had some employee passes and Teresa and I spent our two-year wedding anniversary at Disneyland and it was absolutely
Magical and it was really really great. And so we wanted to say thank you to Jeremy and we really appreciated the hookup
Thank you so much. Yeah. Thanks Jeremy. That's real sweet. I want to thank John Roderick and long winters for use of our theme song
It's a departure off the album and putting the days to bed. You can find it on iTunes
You can find it on Amazon you find it wherever music is sold to really really just treat yourself and go down a rabbit hole
Go on YouTube and just like search John Roderick and watch every I found this thing
He did where he was like just playing in someone's living room and they like filmed it really nice
And he does a version of King of Carrot flowers. Oh, that's yeah, it's incredible highly recommend it
We haven't mentioned in a while. We have the my brother my brother and me Facebook group
Uh, go check that out and also follow us on Twitter at MB and be a not in BMB am the fan page
There's two there's two things. I don't know why but you want the MB my brother my brother and me. What is it appreciation group?
Is that what it's called? Yeah. Yeah, as long as we're pulling stuff
I also do want to plug Justin and I do a series for polygon called monster factory in which we play video games and we make
Horrible-looking mutant beings in the character creators. We're gonna have a new episode up today
I'm where we played blood-borne and we made a toucan man who hates guns
It's a it's an episode with a really great message
Anyway, you can find that on polygons YouTube channel. It'll go up sometime today
I I I'm also gonna plug then can I put your dog? Yes the podcast I produce on maximum of fun org
We just had an episode with Ann Wheaton. Oh
Yeah, who many people will know from the internet and such she was absolutely wonderful
Absolutely lovely talked a lot about all the dog related charities and stuff that her and her husband will
Participate in and she was a really great guest and so go check out that episode go check out all the episodes
I think you'll really really like them. It's it's a really great show. Got a final yahoo here. It's sitting by yahoo answers
Drew it drew Davenport. Fuck. I fucked that up. Anyway, thanks true. It's by yahoo answers user. Sorry. Something has gone wrong
Shonda asks
Shonda Rhimes Shonda Rhimes asks
Who invented crash bandicoot
I'm Travis. I'm Griffin McElroy. This has been my brother my brother may kiss your dad square on the lips
You
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned listener supported. Hello
I'm taco the elephant magician. Well, hi church here the master of clerical magic
I'm Magnus burnsides the fighter. Did you guys like that?
Did you the listener like that you were just swept up in a world of high fantasy and magic where anything can happen in anything?
Is possible I am Griffin McElroy dungeon master for the adventure zone a new podcast on maximum fun in which magic and mystery
intertwined for a very erotically charged role-playing experience
You can catch it every other Thursday here on maximum fund out org or it. It's for Dungeons and Dragons, but with family
