Hello, friends. This is Griffin. You're about to listen to my brother, my brother, and me's
heretofore untitled holiday special. As we promised, it is relatively free of cursing
if you want to listen to it with your family, except for, oh, I don't know, the first minute
or so features a song that is full of quite a bit of cursing. So just a heads up, if you're
watching this with Mama and Papa and Lil Bro and Big Bro and Sissy and Unky Dan around
the fireplace and you don't want to hear any curse words, you may want to skip forward
by about a minute, starting right now.
Fuck you if you don't like goodwill to men. Fuck you if you don't like presents in the
giving. Fuck you if you don't like yams from a can, and fuck you if you don't like honey
from a can. Fuck you if you don't like Christmas. Fuck you if you don't like Christmas. Fuck
you if you don't like Christmas.
Ho ho ho. That's it? That's what you're bringing? That's your super original? That's my Christmas
heat is to say ho ho ho at the beginning. As true today as it was in Santa Claus's day.
My original thought had been to say ho ho holidays. That's the worst, Justin. Oh my
god. Pretty good, right? Were you struck in the head with something? Let me try again.
I'll just start over. Let's just fire off like nine or ten different. Born unto us this
day is a child named Wisdom. Born unto the star of knowledge and enlightenment, while
a three wise men named Justin, Travis, and Griffin. Okay, now that's a vein that we
can tap into. Yeah, definitely. Make the three wise men more of a focal point. The three
wise men were the true sinner of the first Christmas. Every 25th of December we get together
and celebrate three wise men appearing unto Jesus. So there's there's gold, there's
frankincense and there's myrrh. Which one of us like which which which gift would each
of us have brought? Because I think I would have brought the frankincense. Yeah, I think
I would have done myrrh because I'm on a budget. But see, gold seems a little too gaudy for
Justin. Me? Yeah, no, I would. No, I was back then. Could it be could it be frankincense,
myrrh and Pokemon cards? Justin and I would probably both bring myrrh because we didn't
talk about it beforehand. Yeah, I would bring gold because I would be super into my Joey
but a Foucault face. Yeah, I just have chains and stuff. That was me back then. That was
a long time. It was literally approximately 2000 years ago. Not approximately, Griffin.
We know exactly how long ago it was. 2009 years and 360 days is how long ago. So this
is my brother, my brother and me teach me how to holoduggy. This is an advice show for
the modern era. There has to be a better name for it than that. I don't think there is.
The only other one I could come up with was teach me how to snuggie. But I feel like that's
right in that same vein. Griffin, you're talking to a man whose best intro was ho ho holidays.
I'm not going to be able to come up with a better name. I don't know. I appreciate the
candor of your terrible, your terrible holiday reference. So what about. It was called the
episode Christmas time. What about this time? A holiday snowdown. A holiday snowdown. Sure.
This is, like I said, the advice show for the modern era where three actual brothers.
My name is Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy and I'm Griffin McElroy. And we're trying
our darndest and you'll know, you know, it's true because I said darndest to do a holiday
show, a family holiday show appropriate for all ages. And so this is going to shake out
one of two ways. If you're listening with family members, either you are going to share
a really nice 50 or so minutes or you're going to share a nice twenty five minutes followed
by twenty five minutes of awkward silence. Now, we kind of we kind of screwed that up
with our intro song. But really, I feel like it was so delightful and light hearted that
that profanity, you know, it wasn't it wasn't vulgar. No. Using the FCC's, you know, regulations
for. OK. Yeah, I had forgotten about that. So sorry already, I guess. That's our buddy
Drew Toothpaste. His name is not Drew Toothpaste. His name is Drew. He makes ToothpasteforDinner.com
a delightful web comic. You should go buy his merch and you should follow him on Twitter.
He's at Drew Toothpaste. And maybe just say, like, hey, thanks. Thanks for the license.
Thanks for letting the brothers use your tune. I'm a big fan fan for life. I'm your biggest
fan now. Yeah. Just turn swim fan on him. Yeah, that's good. Go full swim fan. Follow
him around. Leave leave dead sparrows in front of his car. Yeah. See, I'm a big fan of your
show and he'll be like, what show? And then disappear like a ninja. Hey, so let's get
into the questions. Let's dip in. What's the best way to introduce your significant other
to your drunken family at the family holiday dinner or party? Happy holidays from Mary
in Manhattan. And that's M-E-R-R-Y. Love it. Love it. This seems ideal to me. This seems
like it cuts down on a lot of the pressure that you undergo when when introducing a significant
other to a group of people. It's like pressure free because every first off, they're only
sort of going to remember it. Yeah. There's like a built in reset button. Yeah. That's
a double edged sword, though, because your significant other next time they see your
family members, if your family members are like, oh, hey, I could hurt her feelings or
his. There's no greater gift than the next social engagement you're at. You know, you're
going to have a leg up because the person will remember you. That is true. Puts them
on the defensive. That's a priceless form of social currency. Sometimes when I introduce
myself to people, I say, oh, hi, I'm Grisha. And then then I got all the power. I hold
all the cards in that situation. And that's what that's what the holidays are all about,
holding all the cards. Yeah. Especially if you're playing Skippo. Skippo. Holiday Skippo.
You got a whole family together. The cable's out. You got there's wassle, a big pot of
wassle and you and you don't know what to do. Well, why not? Why not Skippo? That's
a freebie. Skippo for the holidays. That's a free one. That's a new slogan. That one's
for you, Skippo company. Thanks for the money, suckers. I think that you, you know, you say,
hey, this is Deborah. Let her into your heart like you let Jesus into your heart two thousand
nine years and three hundred sixty days ago. Yeah, I would say unless your family is like
belligerently drunk, it's not any different than introducing them to them at any other
time. Now, if your family is belligerently drunk, might I suggest not? No, screw that
noise. Might I suggest drinking contests with your new like proof, prove her or himself
to them? Oh, I like that. Or maybe you just show up to the party with like a whole cart
and a three buck chuck. Like, hey, guys, you're south right now. I'm going to take you to
a full on blackout town. Let's go to blackout town for the holidays. I love it. And yeah,
this is a good time to introduce new loves in your life because it is because strangers
are almost like to be expected. Yeah, it's the only time where I think it wouldn't be
weird. Yeah, but there's I mean, especially extended family because you don't know them
that well. Maybe that's why. I mean, the ceremony of the holidays, there's so much ceremony
and everybody's ceremonies are different. That's kind of what we're talking about today
is people's, you know, what they do for Christmas, what's their normal, their normal style. And
when you introduce new elements into that, I don't know, I think it can be weird for
them. But but it sounds like this person's tradition is drinking heavily, which I think
most people can get down with. The most important thing for you to do is to explain to your
significant other what they should be prepared for. Because really, like, I think the concern
here is not your family accepting them. So much as it is your family is drunk at a family
holiday party. And you're bringing your significant other there. And they are getting introduced
for the first time. So just make sure that they are prepped and ready to go for you know,
your drunk uncle, your drunkle hanging out on the table. Yeah, you don't miss a trick
do you? Nope. You just can't help yourself. I love it. Let's move on. What are some some
cheap gifts for Hanukkah I can get for my friends without seeming cheap? I am in college
and super poor. Any advice? Kara. Kara, sweetie. You done missed it. What about Bible? You
done fell off. Travis, are you suggesting that she convert to Christianity and that
be her Christmas present or her Hanukkah present? No, I'm suggesting she convert other people.
She be a force. She be a force to win souls to Jesus. Is that what you're saying to me?
No, of course not. That's bigoted. Happy holidays. I'm changing your religion. Man,
every Hanukkah is winding down. You're like, boy, this has been fun, but wouldn't it be
great to celebrate again? That's when you need to make the switch. Keep it going. Folks,
if you're gonna switch from Judaism to Christianity, you have to do it. You've got to do it like
December 19th? Yeah, like right around there. And then surprise. I think you should, whatever
you get, you should go to your friends and say, I'm sorry I got you terrible Hanukkah
gifts. I asked three Baptists what I should get you. And they said I should convert. Did
not come through. It did not play like how I thought it would. I used to think that nobody
could do this successfully. I used to think if you do not have money around Christmas
or Hanukkah, you're just effed. There's nothing you can do there. But lately, I don't know.
I've seen some people actually make some really nice things for other people. Scarf. Knit a
scarf. Yeah, scarf, a nice scarf, a nice shawl. Never underestimate making dinner for your
friends. You know what I mean? It's a big group present. It'll cost you like 20 bucks
to cover everyone. And if they're poor too, they'll probably appreciate the food more
than they would appreciate a lighter or something. I don't know. What do you get people on Hanukkah?
No, that's good. That's good because I think college is an appropriate age where you don't
have to worry so much about killing it with actual tangible gifts. Actual shows of affection
are just as appreciated. You know that old saying, it's a thought that counts? Yeah.
I like to extrapolate that to its logical conclusion and give people gifts that they
won't let me give them to it. Try this. When Christmas time rolls around, tell them you
got them two months of maid service and then they'll be like, wow, that sounds really nice.
And then on the first day, show up in like an apron with a duster and just look really
sad and start cleaning their floor. There's no way they're going to let you do it. Now,
let's dissect that. What thought went into that other than like diabolical? Like the
thought was, the thought was I'm going to get you two months of maid service and I'll
do it myself. And the best gifts are the ones you make. Right? That's a thought. So turning
yourself. So it's implying that your house is really dirty. Yeah. Turning yourself into
an indentured service servant is. Yeah. The thought I had is that you might like their
house to be cleaner. That's creepy. I don't like that. It's not like a do anything. It's
not like those dirty maids that you hear about. Yeah. Not a dirty maid service. It's like
a regular maid service. Still, still. Oh, another great gift. Dirty maid service. Yeah.
If that's available in your area. It's major metropolitan right now, but I think it's really,
I read in a Reader's Digest. It's really spread. Reader's Digest. Really? That's right. That's
where I read about it. Someone took an advert. Oh, another great cheap gift. Reader's Digest.
They're like three, three bucks a pop. They're at every doctor's office. Just get them from
a doctor's office. It's free. Hey, it looks like you can't handle a real magazine. Here's
this little guy. The thought was I was going to read a bunch of magazines and, and cut
out the best parts and tape them together for you, but instead I let these people do
it for you and I stole this from a doctor's office. My crazy aunt has made a list of things
she wants from her relatives for Christmas. She even made my grandmom, her mom, buy a
pot she wants and told her to get the money for it from me for Christmas. That's a lot
of stuff. What do I do? What? That's a lot. I don't, I'm not even sure I understand the,
the inset this for me today. Her crazy aunt has a Christmas list, right? Like a list of
things she wants for Christmas. She made her grandmother by which the question askers mom
buy a pot until he gets the money. Okay. So the person asking the question gave her mom
money to buy a pot for her aunt for Christmas. Not an ordeal. I don't see the ordeal here.
I think the issue here is the specificity of the list and like to the point where it
is less a, a list of suggestions and more like the aunt said, that's the pot I want.
Buy it now and then just get the money from her later. I think it goes deeper than that.
I think she's saying, I want the question asker. Let's just, can we just call her like
Deborah, Deborah, Deborah. I want Deborah to get me a pot Christmas, Deborah. That seems
almost like that, like fetishist. Like, yeah. My Christmas will be ruined unless Christmas
Deborah gets me that pot. Just go ahead and get it now before it's sold out. Get it now.
Get it now. Get it today. She has to buy it at 946. Now I have had holidays ruined because
people didn't bring me the pot they promised that I can sympathize with. But like if she
gets the pot from, from Deborah's Papa, like, yeah. Is she going to freak out at that point?
Like if my dad gave me pot, I would freak out. Yeah, absolutely. Well, this leads I
think to a good discussion about lists. Um, lists such a holiday conundrum. Yeah. On the
one hand, it's kind of, it's kind of like a kidnapper. You're making really specific
demands and like you put things on there specifically so certain people will get them for you. But
then there's without a list, it's a complete crap shoot. Oh, it's a, yeah, it's rough accent
on the crap. Yeah. I have so many things now. The sliver of things that I want of like material
possessions that I would value is so small. Yeah. Like I'm going to, I'm a, I'm a white
American in my, in my early thirties. Like I have a, well late twenties technically.
It's like very late twenties. I have the latest twilight years, twilight years in my twenties.
And uh, I have most of the things that I would need. Yeah. Including twilight. Yeah. Um,
here's the thing though. Papa McElroy and I agreed that Christmas time is a test. It's
a time to like prove how much you love someone by how well you know them, by what gifts you
can get them. Yeah, that's it. It's not, it's not how much you get them. It's it, you're
absolutely right. It's how well do you know me? Yeah. Like if you guys get me cookware,
it's like actually I could actually use some cookware. That's a bad thought. So yeah, yeah,
it's a moving target. That's the problem. Um, I think I, this is, this is one area that
I excel at. I don't, I don't want to toot my own horn, but I think I'm, I'm pretty good
at identifying what a person wants and needs and filling that desire with my, with my,
with my dollars. I'm pretty good with knowing what girls want and girls need, but, but as
far as just regular people, whatever, whatever makes them happy, sets them free. Absolutely.
I can't believe I knew the second verse, the second line. Yeah. That's my Christmas gift
to you is that knowledge, that realization. Um, remember that on Christmas day because
you're not going to get as much as everybody else. Uh, I think this is a classic question,
but what do I get my boyfriend's parents for Christmas? We've been together for almost two
years now and I've actually spent more time at his parents' house in the last two years
than at my own. I'm in grad school and he lives much closer. I want to get them something
that says, thank you for letting me sleep in your son's bed without judging me too much,
but not high. I'd like to be your new daughter. Thanks. Confused at Christmas time. Fine line.
Got to walk that line. Got to walk it. Um, have you considered a card? Uh, like just
a nice card. Maybe you can make it yourself that says, thank you for letting me sleep
in your son's bed without judging me too much. Hmm. Hmm. A little literal for my taste. Yeah.
I mean it's Christmas time. Cut out the middleman. Sure. That's in a mentality. If you've been
with this dude for two years, why are you afraid of a gift that says, hi, I would like
to be your new daughter. Don't you want to be? Yeah. Let's not bring it down. Let's not
bring a Christmas show down by talking about how this person has commitment issues. But
what I'm saying is what I'm saying is you sleep at their house. You spent more time
at their house than at your own. Maybe it's time to accept the fact that you probably
don't need to worry about what you get them for Christmas. Well, you should actually reverse
of that have to worry more and more each year. It expounds. Expounds. Oh, really? Yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh man, I miss the boat. Can I, can I, I think a lot of times people,
um, you think too much about who you are relative to the gift you're getting and I don't think
that matters to people so much. I think if you think about them as, as people, just as
the person and, and what that person might like, um, then, then I don't think you send
me, like the only time I think you send messages with a gift is if it's like a ring or a key
or something like, I don't think people read into it that much. Maybe that's just me. No,
you're completely right. Frame photos. Stay away from frame photos. Yeah, it does the
same thing. Here's the thing. If you are having trouble, uh, identifying your, you know, potential,
what is that parents in law? Yeah, your parents in law, like your potential parents in law,
what they, what kind of people they are, what they might want. Maybe that's a sign that,
you know, maybe you should spend some more time with them and get to know them a little
bit better. That's a great present. That's a great present. Or, I mean, it sets you up
for ease of use for future, you know, gift buying things like you, you, ideally you would
know them as well as you know your own parents and you would know what to get them. What
I would suggest is everybody has like that main thing that people think about when it
comes to getting gifts for them. Like, oh, he really likes dogs. So I'll get him something
dog themed. You want to go for the second level that less people know, but they still
really enjoy and then get them something non-specific theme to that. So it's like, I know you well
enough that I know you like this thing, but you know, it's, I don't want to be your new
daughter. That can really bite you in the ass though. If it's like, I know you like
books. So here's a, you know, here's a Barnes and Noble gift card who don't, I don't think
it's for, for parents, potential parents-in-law. I don't know. That seems, you know, you can
go more specific than that. I brought Barnes and Noble. Yeah. I brought you to Barnes and
Noble to pick out whatever you want. Get in the car. It's Christmas. I, I, um, I, I'd
like to let you guys in on a little, a little Justin McElroy jam, a little secret from me
to you. If you're spending a lot of time at their house, get them, get them something
that they can keep at their house. It's going to make your life a little better. A couple
of years back, I got my in-laws the surround sound system. They like it. I love it. Cause
I'm there all the time watching movies, uh, uh, getting, getting a real sensory experience
that I got them. Nothing says happy holidays like something that's going to make you happy
too. If you want more specific for the dad, get the new Mark Twain autobiography and for
the mom get a Snuggie. It's a gift everybody wants, but nobody will buy themselves. Yeah.
I was going to say a roller skates, roller skates, roller skating lessons. Okay. Good.
Couples activity, couples activity. I like it. Strengthen their marriage and embarrass
them, embarrass them on the street. Cause let's be honest, they weren't in roller skates.
Matching sweatsuits, matching tracksuits. I love it. That's a slam dunk. Hey guys. Oh,
you know what? Griffin, do you have any, um, give me Yahoo. I do have a Yahoo. I only have
a couple that are holiday themes. So I'm going to save those for maybe a little bit later
in the show. Um, let's do this one instead. This one was sent in by Bridget. Thank you,
Bridget. Okay. It's by Yahoo answers user. Jesse, who asks, why do I feel like I am a
car for some reason? I have an obsession where I know I am a car. Mostly a Mercedes Benz
or BMW. Like I will be running and stop all of the sudden while doing my tire brake sound
effect and act like I am slamming on my brakes on the interstate. I also like to make the
BMW face while taking off really fast and doing the sound waves. Wait, what? Is it normal
that I feel like I am truly born a car like a BMW or a Mercedes? Is it normal? No. Hello.
It's not normal. It's opposite of normal. Here's a good, here's a good like normal acid
test. If anyone ever has ever said anything like what you're saying, it's normal, but
that, that is not your case. Like you're the only person. Why is a BMW face? You don't
know? No. I'm making it right now. Let's see if you can tell like a difference in my, my
vocality. Okay. Yeah, guys, I'm just raking about BMW face now. All it does, it kind of,
it shits my mouth. It sounds classier I think. Yeah. Should I make it for the rest of the
show? More streamlined. Okay. I have a question for you. What would be less creepy? This,
this person who says, I know I am a car or someone who wrote in saying, I like to pretend
that I'm a car. Like I would always prefer they have the commitment to being a car that
like, like this person does. I know I am a car. I mean, what, what could possibly lead
to this is obviously some sort of deep, deep delusion that he's been cultivating for years.
What could possibly, what was the seed? What was the inception that really got in his noggin
and planted this, this idea in his head? Is it what he watched turbo team and he saw a
turbo team, something hot and change into a car. That's me obscure 1980s cartoon stuff.
Okay. Then you already know. Okay. It sounds like you cracked this case or he's turbo team.
Eat some hot and he turned into a car. That sounds like something hot, like spicy. Yes.
Or he get or he get hot. Like he just got high. He turned into a car turbo team. That's
the crappiest superpower. Yeah. That's not awkward. What happens if you're on like a
first date, but you're at like a, an Indian restaurant and you eat some, you know, uh,
some chicken tandoori with a little in it. And like you, you, what about when you get
into like later on the evening, you get into that heavy petting and all of a sudden she's
got a handful of Chrome. More importantly, she's crushed to death underneath your car
that you are. The sauna is another weird one cause you're just there with a bunch of naked
guys and all of a sudden there's a car in a towel and they crushed all of them cause
it's not a big sauna. Um, so I have to know more about this question that I, are there
answers like there are too. Let's this one is by a Yahoo answers user. Come on people
who says it's completely normal. What's not normal is how you think you're a Mercedes
Benz or a BMW. Just face it. You're a Chevy like the rest of us. Uh, Yahoo answers user,
uh, nightwish responded. I'd rather eat worms than drive a Chevy. Be a man, drive a Ford.
And this is what it devolves into. Meanwhile Yahoo answers user Mitch Chase says you sir
are a complete lunatic. There. Thank you. We got back around to it. That's a, my brother,
my brother and me listener. Yeah. Yeah. Going through Yahoo answers and found this question
and answered, Hey, you're crazy balls. Oh man. Is there a more perfect symbol for the
internet? The one human being says, I am a car and another one says, I like different
cards. Like what? What are you? I didn't you hear the first thing, the thing that just
happened. If you guys were cars, uh, or you know what? So let's open it up. Any form of
motorized, uh, uh, locomotion, what would you, what do you think you'd go with? If I
was a farmer, do buggy Travis, really? Yeah. I don't get that. You don't seem like you're
a big fan of the dunes. No, I just want to be a dude buggy. They're awesome. Okay. Is
this like a, what will be? Yeah. It's like a, it's like a psychological like association
test. Like what, what are you? What, what attribute derailed train? Ooh, that's, that's
pretty poetic. Travis. Thank you. Justin. Yeah. Anything? Me? Uh, I'd be a, uh, a hearse
that used to be a hearse, but then somebody turned it into a pizza wagon. I like it. Or
maybe a segue, maybe a segue. No, that's good. Where do you want to order? Where do you want
to order from? We can do Domino's. We can do pizza hut. Yeah. That would be really upsetting
because you get so excited for your pizza to show up. Like, you know how, like when
you see the pizza wagon roll up, I guess the most exciting moment of your life. Why do
you always order from pizza funeral? That's my least favorite place. The pizza graveyard
is my least, and you always want to order from there. Although their corpse crust is
just really out of this world. I would of course be a G six or like a G six. Yeah. Um,
I think I'm G six like the way that I like to fly so high. Hey guys, my sister-in-law
is pregnant. Not only does she want to put one of her sonogram pictures on her Christmas
card this year, she wants to Photoshop a little Santa hat on her unborn child. Yes. Yes. Yes
is she does. How do we politely explain to her that this is the worst idea ever? You
don't do that. You don't do a thing. In fact, I would suggest like a series of these doing
different things, like a little cowboy hat. Maybe he's playing a little flute, a little
pan flute in there. Yeah. I like that. Ask her to make it, um, good for a bunch of different
religions and like Photoshop a little Yamaka on him and put happy Hanukkah. Cause that
would be adorable. I mean, it depends on how far along he is, right? Like if he's still
like just a little, a little zygote, uh, I do not think that, that, that particular form
of human being is capable of doing many things. Although I don't think you could capture that
in a sonogram that might be a little. And if it is a zygote, um, an inappropriate response
is to go, not too late. And that that's like, don't don't do that. Like, uh, will, will
Santa visit you in the womb to say, well, yeah, it's just a tight fit. There's, there's
some, uh, you don't read that Christmas story very frequently. It's, it's, it's pretty
apocryphal, but yeah, they, they, I mean, he can get down in there. What's the chimney
like? What is he? Does he turn it on? You like, doesn't go the way you expect and like
does the nose. Is that your, it's your, it's your butt. It's your, Santa's a little kind
of on the, it's a little literal. Santa just, he's not a creative man. That's why it's not
the most popular Christmas story ever. It's not the best story ever told. It's not, it's
the most upsetting story. Listen, you're going to have to be pretending that you, uh, really
can't get enough of this kid for years to come. You might as well start now. You might
as well just keep it, keep it to yourself. I watched Die Hard every Christmas Eve and
have done so over the past decade or so. It's been a longstanding tradition after one year
when it was the only remotely Christmas related movie my had on, not watched by Christmas
Eve. What? Okay. Uh, nothing gets me more pumped for a special day than watching Bruce
Willis kill German thieves. Would you consider Die Hard a Christmas movie? And is this tradition
as awesome as I think it is? Or is it just plain weird? Simply, uh, sincerely McClain
at Merrymas. Yes. Yes. What is awesome. It's awesome. I do this too. And of course Die
Hard is a Christmas movie. It's the best Christmas movie. I mean, it's, it's a, it's a Christmas
movie in the same vein that, uh, Home Alone is a Christmas movie or, uh, uh, Love Actually
is a Christmas movie. Like they aren't, they aren't, uh, you know, mired in Christmas themes,
but they do take place at Christmas and they get me Christmas Eve feeling down deep, down
deep in my gut where your heart used to be. Doesn't Bruce Willis at one point kill a
dude and put a Santa hat on him. Yeah. There it is. There's your link, ho ho ho. I got
a machine gun. Christmas ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho holidays. That's the way she does it.
Ho ho ho holidays. I have a machine gun. Hey, it's, uh, the Christmas traditions are by
and large, whatever you attach value to. Um, and if you have like, you know, if that gives
you that traditional feeling, that Christmassy nostalgic feeling to watch Die Hard with your
It's it's totally appropriate and not weird at all. Hey, do you guys want to try and guess my favorite line from Die Hard?
Tell me oh my god, the quarterback is toast
That might be my favorite line in any my favorite sentence ever spoken I like I like the old classic
Give me Ki-A buddy
That's what you Christmas that one. We go grab weasel lover mother plucker
People start crushing harder on others my fear theories that the cold weather increases the like factor
Am I crazy for this holiday like theory or do you find it true as well Griffin?
What I
Have some that sentence going on this or do you find this true as well Griffin? No, I guess no he has a point
I'm the only single person. I'm the only batch left on the show, right?
So I I got I hope I'm the only one who's still crushing unless you guys crush on your your wife and girlfriend respectively
Yeah, it's very romantic. I'm we're required to yeah. Yeah, it is. Yeah, that's a thing
It is right it is it's because it's because like you're so lonely right? You're so oh man
How lonely is it today? Let me check the barometer
Super super lonely and like it's cold outside, which sucks
So you want to be with someone in a cuddle position?
And also like it's Christmas and like you don't have any presents like none. You have zero presidents
Yeah. Yeah, that's a totally a thing. It's not it's not a like factor. It's a I don't know. It's a
quiet snowy desperation
Mm-hmm. That is my favorite self Jan Stevens album
Oh quiet snowy desperation. The funny thing is is you can put like a time limit on these relationships and they'll go from about
November 20th to February 15th. Yeah, it's groundhog day. That's actually why groundhog day was invented
An idea of how much longer this this is gonna go on
Oh
To spring training soon as spring training starts for that's a baseball
reference
And then I usually I know it's about quitting. It's closing time
But she absolutely cannot stay here
It's weird though, cuz it's like I've lived this day 20 times and I keep having to break up with you on it
Like I don't know what to do here. I'm pretty sure I need to get out of the relationship
Maybe I should learn to play piano. That is this room?
Hey guys
I'm driving with my best friend who's like my brother from NYC to Ohio for Christmas
Normally other people are there so I just sit in the back and read with my iPod on
Since it will just be he and I I'll have to interact
What are some fun things the brothers McElroy do on long car rides road trip in Gmail? Good question
I did this yesterday. Did you but you're yeah with Evan our buddy Evan Minsker friend of the show
Kind I this is gonna sound like a joke, but this is why I I
this year I started listening to podcasts and
You know, it also happened to be the year that I started doing a podcast
but like seriously it saved my life because I used to live in in this kind of crummy suburb of
Cincinnati where there wasn't anything to do and it was 30 minute drive to do to get to Cincinnati to do anything and so
I started listening to to podcasts and seriously like there's no better way. It is turned my my
Driving experience, you know into an absolute treat
Good shared activity. Yeah. Yeah, the best thing about podcasts is they take care of the talking for you
So like, you know, you're gonna run out of things to talk about on like a 12-hour drive
Yeah, even if it's with the first hour you pop on your podcast
You're good for like another nine hours, even if it's with your best like Evans my best friend
Like, you know, it's there's still a lot of conversation to do
So so you take the burden off both people and listen to a funny podcast. It's good to have
Sorry go on. No, it's good to have that
In the back like absolutely as a as a backup plan
You should you should have
Some in there to to mix up your repertoire when the conversation slows
I also really like like stand-up comedy CDs. Yes. He's on a sorry is
One of my favorite road trip CDs to listen to sure. I mean that used to be my jam. I think that
Podcasts have replaced that that need for me though
Yeah, most of my things revolve around that like books on tape
Podcasts stand-up comedy. It's all pretty much someone else doing the talking for me
I
some games
There's always spot the car. It's fun
Spot the letter we like to do that one
We used to play a game called ghost which we would do that. Oh, yeah. Yeah, we play
Ghost is a game where you take turns. God. This is like the narrative do it. This game is so fun. I
Actually, yeah, it's a good holiday game, too. Yeah, you get you take turns
Each person gives a letter in sequence you go in in order and each person gives a letter and the idea is to work towards
spelling a word
but the first person to actually spell a word
or
To use a letter that could not be
used in a in the word
Is is out or penalized? So let's let actually you know what?
Let's do a holiday. All right order of age descending. Okay
s
t oh
See
Yeah
So at this point Travis has the option of saying K and spelling stock
yeah, which will we will he will lose or trying to play it off like he knows another word that starts with steer
Let's see Travis is also sitting in front of his computer. It's a whole new level the ghost now. I'm gonna say K
What's in this game over? Yeah, necessarily the funniest bit we've ever done, but I feel like not a classic
Ambient being moment. It's not gonna make the tape but the mixtape
Dad's gonna love a present cuz I can play that game at any time of day. There are probably nerds shouting at their radios
Right now like he should have said age
stanching
stanching
There are other road games you play you play hide the carrot
There's a will he notice
A great game the Badger's Secret
Victorian part of parlor game
One of these is poisoned. Oh, yeah, you start clap every claps and they say the Badger's Secret is that I'm okay
I've gone to two Christmas parties for the past three days where I
suggested that we play that game I couldn't think of the name of it like the game from the Albert Finney version of the
Christmas carol and people looked at me like I was a madman and
Adonami that like not everybody has seen the Albert Finney version of a Christmas carol
To be fair Griffin if you had said let's play the minister's cat
They still would have looked at you weird that is right. The minister's cat is a lonely kept the minister's something cat. Hey Griffin
Downstairs, I got that. I got that DVD as soon as we're done with this. Let's just watch that fire it up
if
It's just fun like that. That's some people haven't screwed what Scrooge track it down
My husband's family has a Christmas morning tradition of putting the baby Jesus into the crib in the antivity and the whole family sings
Happy birthday to Jesus. Oh
No, I think this is strange. My husband grew up with this tradition. So he thinks it's normal
Could you guys clear things up and tell us is it weird? Uh, man, this is so
half and half I
think
That like I almost feel like we've done this once like but like as a goof because who would do that?
Here's the thing if you were singing to the actual baby Jesus in a crib
My that's the thing my hang up with this isn't that they're singing happy birthday to Jesus
Is that they're singing happy birthday to a tiny little baby Jesus statuette
I'm against singing to inanimate objects in any form
But aren't we supposed to imagine that he's like floating above them and like approvingly
Clapping his hands along or nodding or whatever
Heavens but to say it to a little clay figurine is we yeah, that's that's idolatry dog. That's that's number one. Oh, that is true
I here's what you do Christmas. They start singing you pick up the nativity and smash it on the ground
You yell, I tell us and then you know false. God you very very like forcefully try and drag each of them to the oven
Jack and a Bendigo style
Keep it down Shadrach. I'll take you to the oven
This is a George Foreman grill you can
Do you very slowly?
Put half of your hand in here
a
Friend of mine recently told me she's planning on getting gifts for me and a few of her friends for Christmas
I told her getting friends gifts wasn't a thing
We usually did and she said she just had some ideas in mind and really gets to shop for guys
And she isn't expecting or wanting something return
Should I run out and get something and tell our friends what she's planning or just let her give gifts as she pleases?
Stumped in suburbia. Oh god. This is so tough. Wow. This is something
It's the unspoken contract of gift-giving
You don't have to give someone a gift just because they gave you one but you're gonna feel like a douche if you don't
This is why you should have
You've got this is a warning for everybody. You've got to have some backup gifts
Oh, yeah, just some random wrap like like a Snuggie everybody wants one
Put like a bottle of wine in the back of your car and oh sure cheese tray something like that
But then you get your gift here. What if like your five your five-year-old nephew gives you a gift?
You can't be like hey son. Here's he gets the Snuggie some yeah, I guess but I mean if all you have is wine
Oh, yeah, I was making like it like you get this great juice. I like to have a ten of dance butter cookies. Oh, yeah
Say here eat these baby
Receive one of those bonus presents and like, you know, you know, of course, you know
To answer your actual question
The impetus is not on you to fix this. Yeah, like
Gifts are nice. It's nice to get gifts and you know, if your friend's gonna do something that might mean people uncomfortable
you
Are are not gonna be able to fix this situation because then think about this combination you have to have
Hey, you should get Angela a gift like that
It's bossy and nosy and you have the you have advanced nose though. You don't have an excuse
You have to get her again
That you like it. That's not an option for you. Um, you know, what else is good scarves. That's a good multi-purpose
I believe it's gift ours
It's cool. No scarves scarves like it like like Garfield does lasagna scarves
Scarves
This is a good object lesson not for our listeners stumped in suburbia, but for the type of people that he's talking about
don't get
Random people presents. It's it's really nice and everything like that
But you're gonna sideswipe them and come out of nowhere and and then you're not gonna get anything in exchange
Yeah, and I'm not saying that's the point
But it will make the other person feel uncomfortable because they don't have anything for you
Unless you get them a Snuggie and then they there will be they will feel comfortable for the all of their yes
How about a Yahoo answer tell me this one was sent in by Maddie B. Thank you Maddie B
It's by Yahoo answers user raw
Who asks?
Would your parents explain sex if you put it in your Christmas wish list
Well, there's there's additional details
But I feel like we need to address the first question first would your parents explain sex if you put it in your Christmas wish list
It sounds like he's asking
His parents never explained sex. Uh-huh. He's requesting on his Christmas list that
They learn about sex that they do the birds and the bees talks
See, this is another good reason not to have lists
Because you can put some crazy crazy stuff like that in it. Yeah, I
Mean that seems like a pretty important present if they yeah skipped out on that that I don't know about you guys
I received a series of lectures
Yeah, I think it's funny that he has to outsmart his parents about it. Like oh
You got me. All right. I guess you gotta have the talk now. You did put it on your list good call
Because is this question asker wanting this information? Like are they in need of this?
Like they know how to ask Yahoo. Let me to ask their parents. Let me bust out the additional details
Okay
I'm 20 and still awful at it. Oh
Oh, no now that now
We just broke through the crust into the creepy creepy mantle of this question
Wow, so you are wanting sex tips
No, you wanna you want you want to go to your mom and dad and say hey mom and dad teach me how to dougie
I mean he is saying something like that
I'm still terrible at it. I need mom and dad
To teach a daddy. Um, daddy my daddy. I love you. Happy Christmas. Happy Christmas, Papa
Do you enjoy your bowling ball?
Good
I'm trying to rearrange some guts and I could I could use some pro tips daddy
Yeah, uh, uh, happy birthday, uh, Jesus
And everything but
I'm getting laughed at over here. I'm getting some I'm getting some coital giggles that I could really do without so
If you have like a strategy guide that I could crack the spine of
Hey daddy after Rudolph, could you jot me down some charts and maybe some diagrams just jot me out like a Venn diagram of
What to do and where to do it. Yeah, how to do it how you do
Hey, but but listen if your wife's pregnant stay away from the butt cuz that's Santa's town. That's
It's not get out of there. I see
It or tonight you're blocking ho ho's exit and like he needs to he's got
You can't stay in your wife's uterus all night, please
Please let's say that man. Let's sit out
We hope everyone had the foresight who was listening to this their family just skip that clip to head that question off at the past
Yep
Let's just slow it on now. Um, I
I need an idea for a new holiday tradition for me and my husband
This is our first Christmas as a married couple. Also, we're really non-traditional. So go crazy brothers. We're looking
Sorry, so go crazy brothers. We're looking for fun. Thanks in need of holiday cheer gmail. This is awesome
I've been doing this so so much up in Chicago because I don't know too many people up in there except for my two roommates
Um, and we've had to make our own we've had to make our own, you know
Holiday experiences didn't follow through on a lot of them though, but we had some good ideas
Well, why don't you not don't keep us in we almost we almost went to the zoo, okay
That's how was your Christmas
Almost went to the zoo
I'm pretty good. We are Christmas Eve tradition or is
on on Christmas Eve
We the three of us and our papa
Go on a walk
And
We've been doing that for literally two decades every every Christmas Eve will go
We'll take a walk. Charles isn't gonna be in this year. We think we're gonna have to have him on speaker phone
Skype him. Yeah, we'll Skype him in but he can't he has to promise he's walking in the cold
It's a that's a pretty dumb tradition because wow, it is cold
It's so cold, but it's not we talked about what happened during the year and year in review type thing
That's that's the nice thing about any holiday tradition or any tradition to begin with it really can be
Anything you just have to say like let's do this every year
Your tradition can be to eat hot dogs and watch Rambo every year. And that's your own
Me and my roommate watched we were we were going to watch all of the extended Lord of the Rings movies
But we only made it through about one and a half
So maybe your tradition is falling through
Yeah, it beat me to it, uh-huh so there's that what about I I'll tell you I
Some of my favorite holiday traditions center on baking I was gonna say baking. Yeah, that's always good
Let me give a quick recipe. Okay, get it third cup of butter 40 big marshmallows
Heat them up on low till they're melted teaspoon of green food coloring
Then six cups of cornflakes mix that all together and then you shape it into a wreath put some
Some people like red hops for berries some people like I use mint M&Ms red mint M&Ms to make the berries
Put it, you know on some wax paper make a wreath shape
You got a holiday like delight there. That is good
I want to see some J pegs of people who actually made that. Oh, yeah, make that Christmas wreath
I made and this isn't just I made this last night. I think it was it's a McElroy family favorite
Yeah, I don't know any other people that do that
and if there are the other day and somebody looked like I was like
Explaining the miracles of birth to them. They were amazed. Mm-hmm. Well, it is flavor birth
Practically. Yeah, that's the birth of delicious. Huey flavor birth. I want to hear. Hey, hold on
Yeah, I can tell you when in the show, but I have another yahoo that that really needs exploring
Okay, is that okay? I know you're going long, but it's Christmas
It is Christmas
This is a yahoo answers question that I found by myself, which I haven't done in a long time
We're very proud of you
Something a long time. I don't know how people keep doing this because it's really difficult. Thank you so much for sitting in your questions
It's by yahoo answers user balls W who asks oh
man
How can I tell my nine-year-old son? I'm not going to like his Christmas present. I
Found my Christmas present in his room when I was snooping. How can I tell him that? I don't really want a mug
I don't like my brother my brother and me. Why don't you get me this mug?
That's gonna be a really rough conversation balls W because
it
Seems pretty contrary to the spirit of the holidays
Hey
Henry let's
Have a chat. I
Don't want to act surprised on Christmas or delighted, but I know about the mug you goofed
You did a bad job
Heft up do I look like a man who has a lack of things to
Bev out with because I have plenty of I have a wide array of Tervis tumblers
of cups handled cups
I'm all set on that front. You know Henry. It's gifts like this that made your mother and I get divorced. So good job
Henry am I on the naughty list? What have I done to get on your personal naughty list?
What did I do? Where did I go wrong?
You know you should do you should flip it right on its ear and give him presents that he doesn't want
Just give him mugs like hey, here's turbo tax 2009 edition
You're gonna love it
Guess you just learned a lesson a thing or two because you really taught him now. No one's happy Merry Christmas
I think if you don't like a mug you gotta wait till you open it and smash it against the wall
Because that it would be such a great visual image. Okay, he's not he's he's I'll tell you if you if you if you're that
If you take your nine-year-old son's Christmas gift, it's a mug you take it you look at it
you make a face like you're retching inside like
And then you smash against the wall that kids
I don't know if he's gonna grow up angry or generate but he's gonna grow up special
He's gonna be a special person a light a special be unique world Henry
Why are you acting like a car? Oh, well, you see when I was nine, my dad didn't like my Christmas gift
BMW face
Listen
Bad news balls W. Nobody
Under the age of let's say 15 has ever bought a Christmas present for anybody that they wanted
No, you don't learn how to do that. You don't learn how to divine people's you know
Desires until at least age 15, I think and even that's pretty ahead of the curve
What kind of budget is your nine-year-old working? Yeah. Yeah, right. I
Might I have a sister in law. She's and she's a youngster
She's just now turning 10 and I wish I had a museum of the Christmas presents
They are awesome and and uh
You're uh, and if you don't like a little kids present that they got you you're probably a monster. I would like for you to die
Hey, can we curse?
What I really want to curse this guy out cuz he sounds like a real
It's a holiday. It's a holiday earmuffs earmuffs parents earmuffs parents
You balls w good well worth it. I want to hear Griffin's last question
Uh, but thank you for for tuning in to our show that we almost made it through without cursing
This is my brother. My brother meets an advice show for the modern era
If you're a new person
We you can find us in bmb am comm subscribe there. You can ask the questions there
You can talk about us on Twitter. We love to see holiday quotes
If you want to get us something for Christmas
spread the link to the show around on your Twitter feed and your Facebook and
Pretty much everywhere share it with somebody you love burn it on a CD burn some episodes on a CD
You say hey check this show out. I got it for you. Merry Christmas. It's the Christmas gift
It says yeah, it's a it's a it's a file that I burned
Even email us if you need us in bmb am at gmail.com
The day has passed for
Orders on the store, but maybe if you want to get somebody a nice after Christmas present or a New Year's present
You can buy my t-shirt
Yeah
Good callback
Yeah, that's a that's a nice one
and
I think that's it. Thank you. This will be our probably our I will probably have one next week, but
Thank you guys so much for this year of
of support and attention and
and
Listenership and and everything that you've given to us. It really means more than
Then we can say and this has been the best thing that that has happened to me this year is this podcast
So I mean that no, I mean that sincerely. Thank you. Thank you everybody
That's an awkward finish I mean, I don't have a lot going for me. Okay
I
Would I would actually rather listen to that teach me how to have sex
Then listen to you do this sad sack business again, so why don't you give give me that last guy?
Oh, are we gonna mention after the show? There's a special treat. Oh, oh, oh, yeah
I not after the show but in if you get in B&B am the app experience, which is also we haven't talked about this
It's on the Android store. Yeah, I can get in B&B am the app experience in the Android store
I get all the bonuses and and crap
That we release and we'll probably re-release some of the older ones just so you intro guys can check them out
Am I the only one who thinks that the Android store isn't nearly as cool as it sounds it sounds way cooler. Yeah, you're right
Um, but we got a song from our boy Jay Fonik. It's that Christmas creep. He turned it into a full full song
You'll really enjoy it. So check that out and
Remember you can give someone the experience if you want for the Christmas. That's a that's a gift that says I tried
And that's it Griffin hey everybody
Yeah, happy holidays. Happy holidays Lee Lily. Oh travel safe travel safely
I yeah, and we love you. This one was sent in by Dante. Thanks Dante. It's by Yahoo answers user Shane Fargo who asks
My veins spell out King is this common any significance?
I'm Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy. It's been my brother my brother and me. Kiss your dad. So we're on the lips.
Keep your heart three stacks keep your heart. Hey keep your heart three stacks keep your heart man
These girls are smart three stacks these girls are smart play your part
Hi, I know this sounds kind of awkward or crazy
But on my left wrist my veins spell out the letters ki and on my right wrist my veins spell out ng
My middle name is in fact King. I've noticed this for the last two years and it will never go away
It seems like I know my family is related to royalty
I just want to know if this is common or if I'm just a king without his crown
What I do happy birthday Jesus
