The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, and welcome to my brother, my brother and me, an advice show for the modern era.
I am your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby brother, Griffin. It's dad's day, obviously, and I thought we could
start off by remembering some of our dad's best zingers. I'll start to give you guys
time to think about it. We were in a parking lot, and someone, this guy was walking across
the parking lot and blocking my dad's progress to our dad's progress to a parking space,
and this gentleman was walking slowly in front of dad and not in any way expediting his travel.
And he yelled at the guy in the car with the windows rolled up because we're Baptists,
he yelled at the guy, hey, this hat-wearing geek-a-boy needs to get out of the way.
And the gentleman was not wearing a hat, so I don't know why.
She had to be wearing a hat.
I'm not sure why hat-wearing geek-a-boy was the fucking zinger that dad decided
to apply to this gentleman. Maybe he had a hat. Time has etched away so much of this memory.
It's hard to say.
But I think my favorite is the time that we were all sitting in the back seat,
and we were having a spat, as young brothers are like to do, smacking one another and
hitting each other. And dad turns around from the driver's seat and says,
you guys stop fiddly farting around back there. And all three of us stopped.
And we're like, excuse me?
That story gives some, that story applies to our dad as a sort of Flandersian charm.
My favorite is the time that he was up in the attic arranging his comic book collection,
and he took the screen out of the window because it was so hot,
and then he bent down to pick up a box of comics and cut his butt wide open
on the edge of the screen. And then we didn't have any bandages big enough to go on his new,
his butt gash. And so he, he duct taped a maxi pad to his butt.
Oh, do we want to go through just the list of times dad's injured himself?
Cause there was a time he dumped bleach and kitty litter down the sink without
seeing a problem with it and passed out in the basement for several hours.
His fellow DJ, when explaining why he was not on the show the next morning said,
announced to Huntington, West Virginia that our dad was free basing kitty litter.
Probably the saddest injury that he got was he was, if I had seen, okay,
he was bringing a tray of cold cuts to a little league game and a van drove past him
and the rear view mirror, like the side view mirror was so close that it blasted him in the
chest sending cold cuts flying. If I had seen this happen, I would fucking still be laughing
about it. No question. Like a scene from The Godfather just
Bastromi and Rose B floating through the air. Cup of cold, everywhere. I would, oh man,
I would give anything. A slow opera music played and you just saw like the tray flipping over and
over in the air. And I remember we were all in the car to the ER, and he was not that badly hurt,
so you can laugh at home. It's fine. We were all in the car to the ER and a lady that worked with
dad was praying over him and just, oh Lord, we just ask that you watch over brother Clint
and just help to protect him as we take him into the hands of the doctors. And I know
you are going to work through those doctor's hands. And in my head I'm thinking,
that was carrying cold cuts. He got blasted by a side view mirror. Let's not bother God
about this one. That's so false. That got hit by a car that was like driving at him.
Let's not bother God with this one. I think this one's pretty squarely on my dad's shoulders.
He just couldn't ditch the cold cuts. He didn't want to sacrifice the cold cuts for his own
safety. He's a martyr really. Yeah.
Right. What a big dumb animal.
Hey, love you dad. Love you daddy.
You big stupid Yeti.
That's me. And like, you know what's weird is I'll watch a, we have a bunch of home movies
from those days. There was a weird window for those of you who are too young to remember it.
There was a weird window when tapes, VHS recorders that you could put on your shoulder came into
Vogue. And the idea of being able to record events was so novel that you would just record everything.
Like everything.
Like everything. And it's great.
And look, they're sitting outside. I better film it.
Yeah, right. So we have DVDs full of this stuff. And I realized that the DVDs we have
start when I was five years old, meaning that dad would have been, dad was 25 when I was married.
So he would have been 31 in these videos. And that's how old I am. I have, we have reached
the singularity. Like all, I have full documentation of how it's going to go.
From here on out, you can chart your progress.
Exactly. Like I know exactly where I'm headed.
Anyway, thank you for indulging us as we reminisce about our papa. I'm sure you have
a story that you can share aloud as you talk over us, but we're going to move on to some advice.
A first question. I've been told recently that I will be getting my braces taken off on the 20th
of June. The solstice. I remember that Griffin said that's the best day to get them off.
I read that in poor Richard's Almanac.
Oh, because you get 12 hours of sunshine on your teeth and 12 hours of darkness.
Exactly. You can stand an egg on your teeth.
Is exactly. I remember that Griffin said he had braces. My question to you is this,
will it be painful on a scale of one to 10, one being a tickled 10 being forced to listen to
Justin Bieber? How painful is it? That's soon to be not brace face in Ireland.
There's a lot of unfair misconceptions in this question. I think the first being that Justin
Bieber get over it guys.
Yeah. Come on people. It's not his fault.
Just kidding. No, I mean, he, he writes solid music. You're, you're coming at this all wrong
because you're asking this apparatus that has been like dragging my teeth around my mouth
for however many years that sucks so bad. I'm getting it removed from my face so it
can't do that to me anymore. Is that going to hurt? No, it's the opposite of that.
It's it's been, it's been hurting you for so, so long and you don't even realize it.
Well, you probably like the dental equivalent of that scene in Forrest Gump where he runs so hard
that the braces fly off his legs. That's pretty much it. You just start chewing and she's like,
chew for his chew. Yeah. No, they just make you smile like really hard. They make you pop off.
Um, no. Wow. Medical science sure has come a long way. It's unpleasant. I'm glad this is all true.
It's unpleasant in the way that like when people apply force to your teeth. Oh God. Is there anything
worse than that? I don't care if you're like, I don't care what they're doing in there. I just
don't want anybody to apply any amount of force to my teeth. I don't even like chewing hard foods
for this very reason. Um, but, but no, it doesn't, it doesn't hurt. It's pretty much the best thing
ever. There's a market, a market difference in my life. The day I got my first thing you ate
when you got your braces. Oh yeah. What was the first thing you ate? Um, well, I mean, they were
a little delicate. So, so probably some sort of porridge. Um, okay. What was the first contraband
food? Do you fucking really think that I was the kind of kid who like would stay with, would shy
from Doritos? No way. No way. That does explain a lot about how your teeth ended up. I would rock.
Oh, you fuck off. I here's the, here's the lie that you're not going to be ready for.
Ms. Mr. Mrs. soon to be braced face in Ireland. Um, when you get your braces off, your teeth are
going to fucking move. They're going to move again. I wore my retainers. No joke. Every day
for six months and every night for two years. My shit's all jacked up. My grill is all jacked up
again. Nothing you can do about it. Um, I like your grill though. Yeah. Yeah. It's got a,
it's got like a Kirsten Dunst charm. And I think that that's important. Your teeth are like the
inglorious bastard. It splits the, no, it splits the uprights between Dunst and Buscemi. And I
think that's important. Um, but, but I've got large gaps in my teeth, but mom and dad, I don't know.
The times must've been tight. It must've been tighter. Oh no. You know that. No, at that point,
no, David, David Letterman was really popular and they were just hoping that you could cash in on
that. No. You know who's big right now? Warren Bacall. Justin's going to catch that fever. Um,
we don't want to argue about whose grill was more jacked. Um, and during our childhood,
because Oh fuck it was mine. Look like a fence built by a drunk person for a plate of biscuits,
for a plate of biscuits. It's, it was, it was rough stuff in there. My mouth looked like the fucking
Sarlacc pit. Um, I always had really great teeth and then one day my gum started spontaneously
bleeding. So I don't know who wins and who loses. Cause you gotta brush them you silly goose.
You gotta brush up there. Um, but it's, it, I mean it may suck, but holy shit, it's going to be the
best day of your entire life. Um, so yeah, enjoy. I'm happy for you. Everyone get braces. How come
adults don't get braces anymore? Um, I don't know. I always, when I see an adult with braces,
I always imagine someone trying to recapture their youth, which there are many better ways.
You know who looked good? Bill Macy and Magnolia. Oh man. Didn't he look great with those,
that shining, shining plate mail up on his mouth? Did that look great up there? Didn't see Magnolia.
What about, I'm sure. So Travis, did you see it? I don't know which one that is. You
uncultured Fox. Sorry, Griffin. Hey, how about you? How about you class this joint up a bit though?
Oh, with a Yahoo answer? What's the classiest of Yahoo answers? Whatever the classiest one you got
is. Um, how about this one? It was sent in by Nick Claus or Klaus. Nick, Nick Claus. Thank you,
Nick. It's by Yahoo answers user Yahoo mystery who asks guitar or bow and arrows. I have $100.
I'm a 14 year old male. I've been wanting a guitar for a couple of years and I've wanted a bow
ever since I saw teen Wolf last summer. I got interested in the guitar from YouTube videos.
And because I got interested in music a couple of years ago when I was in fifth grade, I'm pretty
sure I just want to know which one I should get. I don't have anything to do in the summer. I have
some reading I can do, but I don't know if I'm in the class yet. Thanks. Okay. So happy. This is
like reading a, uh, uh, this is like, this is like watching that, um, the summer version of Christmas
story. You know that reading a nostalgic Jean Shepherd novel, uh, in one Yahoo answer. I love
it because it's kind of like a rest of the story kind of set up. Like you can see the two paths
diverge in one. He gets the guitar and becomes like the next Jimi Hendrix and the other, he gets
a bow and arrow and shoots his little brother in the face. I thought you were going to say he
becomes the Jimi Hendrix of archery because we didn't know any archers. He's doing a wicked
bow and arrow solo. So riddle me this real quick teen Wolf. The film doesn't have a bow and arrow.
No, it has to be like the TV show teen Wolf, which I, to this day, I'm unsure if it's a spin-off of
the movie or not, but I don't believe it. Yeah. There's like a 50 year old styles who
the comic book shop and sells people bows and arrows. It's cannon. Is this just somebody who
saw hunger games and it's like, God, I get down on that. That's a good look. That's practical.
Cool. Right. You got to know, have some sort of skill by the time when Quetzalcoatl comes.
This is someone who saw the hit film weather man with Nicolas Cage. And he's like, yeah,
bow and arrow. I could do that. Go home. Go, go away. What? You don't like that film?
It's, I mean, it's not Jermaine. It's from like 1981. That movie was released. It's basically
like the same as hunger games. Like hunger games and weather man are based on the same level.
And how other man's a cool movie. Yeah. Way cooler than hunger games. Welcome to our movie
review castle where you compare two utterly disparate movies and make one be the best.
I have this question may as an elderly gentleman. This question makes me so nostalgic for a time
when I have $100. I can buy one of two things. Those two things are a guitar or a bow and arrow.
Like that's the only time money was cool. Now money is symbolic. Like I see money and it's like,
thank you for the gas in my house. Like, thank you for the lights are on. This kid's like,
I have a hundred dollar bill. I'm going to buy a fucking guitar or maybe a weapon.
I, uh, I still get this way. I still, I came into $500 recently that I was not expecting to get.
And it was almost like the hunt was fucking on. It was like, what can I put this on? What can I
make mine with this money? It's not real money because it's not, you know, it's not.
Yeah. Like I recently got paid and I was like, yeah, I'm going to get my brakes fixed. So I
don't die. No, no, no, no, no. I payment, payment and compensation for work. That's that is money.
That's money that you have that you need. I sold a computer that I didn't think I was going to sell.
Yeah. And I was like, I have this money now and it's not real money. Cause it's, it's,
it's surprise money. And I bought it. I should have done bought an iPad. Cause that's what I
did do. No, you should have bought your computer back from the person. They're finding your power.
I could have bought five bows and arrows and then my friends and I could have hawk eyed
all around Austin writing wrongs and shooting people and tires.
Um, I don't know. Is this what things cost now are both bows. I'm just saying go with bow and arrow
for show because $100 is going to buy you a really shitty guitar. It's going to buy you a first act
toy. Oh, I bet you I could buy you an okay bow though. At least like a recurve compound,
like the gears and police. There's no way you're getting a compound. Yeah.
Guys. Have you guys ever, let me ask you a serious question. I hate to
serious this up, but have you guys ever seriously considered buying a bow and arrow?
Yes. Yes.
Well, okay. Arrows. Let's, let's, let's, let's go hog wild by multiple arrows.
So in high school, there are many options as to what kind of gym class you could take.
And I opted to take individual dual sports, which was like nerd sports.
And so it was sports like ping pong. Yeah. Yeah. And one of them was archery.
I was on that same track, I think. I think backgammon was part of it.
It was literally like they looked at the rest of my schedule and said,
taking a lot of theater classes, huh? Have we got the gym class for you?
How do you feel about tumbling?
If we have a spinning class, you'd be doing that.
What about crocanol? Are you down?
So we did archery for like two days and that shit is dope. It's awesome.
Well, it's not, when you're using a translatable skill,
when you're using what is tantamount to a first act, a bow and arrow,
it's pretty awesome. But if you ever try to shoot a real bow and arrow,
unless you possess tremendous amounts of upper body strength,
you shake like you are experiencing an earthquake that only you can feel.
And it's humiliating.
I want to point out that we were going to school in West Virginia.
A kid brought in his compound bow.
Well, a compound bow has has tools built into it to help you pull it back.
But if you ever try to fire like a real ass,
you're talking like a long bow, like a gentleman's old ass archer.
Like a gentleman's bow.
For, yeah, right. A manly, like something for killing.
Yeah, like an adult bow and an adult caveman bow.
Hey, one of my friends insists on going swimming every time.
What is the demo of our fucking show?
We talk about fucking girls with Garfield heads.
Where are these teens who are like, listen, my favorite flavor of pixie stick got canceled.
Guys, I got cheeto dust all over my hands and there's a big line to hop in the pool.
What should I do?
I'm just glad everybody's out there having a killer fun.
Just read through this question. It takes an interesting turn.
OK, one of my friends insists on going swimming every time he comes to visit.
He always brings his trunks and shows up with the expectation of going swimming,
which wouldn't be annoying, except that the pool belongs to my neighbors.
I very much enjoy swimming and my neighbors are good people,
but that doesn't mean I'm free to swim there whenever I want.
For whatever reason, my friend fails to understand that this is not my pool
and I do not want to abuse my neighbor's kindness.
How can I remedy this situation without coming off as a jerk?
That's from drowning in Des Moines.
It's easy. Tell your friend to stop being a moron.
It's not your pool.
And say, hey, hey, it's not my pool.
No, that's too easy.
No, yeah.
We should have something harder.
That pool? It's infested.
I mean, you just...
It's us, so we should have a more complex solution with a higher probability of arrest.
You gotta come up with a system for warning your neighbors.
Like, hey, Bryce, Bryce is a coming. You know what that means.
Time to cover the pool.
Just leave the gate open. We'll see you at eight.
Eight.
Have some burgers ready.
We're gonna be hungry.
Get some burgers ready.
My tie's at nine.
Let's roll.
You and your wife can totally join us.
Wet teacher contest at 10 PM.
Will you and Mrs. Robinson be there?
I sure hope so.
I'm sorry, what was her last name?
Well, can you repeat that?
Let me take the wall down for you.
I was gonna say Mrs. Robinson,
and then I realized that that has some context outside of my goof
that may not make the goof pan out,
because then it would be like, oh, she's sexy and she's down with younger men.
That's not what I was going for.
So instead you went with a Klingon word.
I went with Romakhov.
We are engaging in the battle of Romakhov.
Your friend is a fucking idiot.
How does he not get...
How does he not get, like...
Oh man, this makes me so angry.
This makes me angry, like how we had a basketball court in our backyard
and our neighbors would just be like, what's up, hoop dreams?
And I'm like, hey, if you don't mind,
if you don't mind, it's midnight and I'm watching a movie in here
trying to get my swerve on maybe.
If you could like cut the hoop dreams for a second.
Make them like hoop daydreams.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
If you're gonna have hoop when I'm at school dreams, that would be good.
That's fine.
That's fine.
And just to make sure we're all on the same page,
we picture this friend rolling up ringing the doorbell when you open the door.
He's got a towel slung over his shoulder.
He's in trunks.
Water wings.
Okay.
Yeah.
He's got...
I got those...
What are those things that make your feet like a fish?
Flippers?
Thank you.
What the fuck?
Yeah, I think flippers.
Is that what it is?
Did you have a piece?
He's just wearing a full on mermaid tail.
Let's do this.
I know flippers are what you put in to make your toddler's teeth not look so wack.
So I didn't know if that was the same thing.
Same word.
I think here's the solution.
You need to cut yourself out as the middleman.
You need to go next door, introduce your friend to the neighbors and be like,
it's up to you now.
Like this is all on you.
Now you guys are friends.
I ain't got no dog in this race.
This is...
Bryce is gonna be staying with you for the weekend.
This is Bryce.
He loves tacos.
Take good care of him.
And also swimming.
He's my old buddy.
What was that?
That's me blowing my nose.
Don't address it.
Fuck.
It sounded like a ghost going through a tunnel.
I know, that was horrifying.
It was terrifying.
I thought that for a second our podcast would become possessed.
It sounded like when the Grim Reaper slips past your ear.
Like he just barely went dying.
Oh no, someone has literally walked over my grave and then dug it up
and started punching my corpse.
And blowing in my ear, gross.
Stop it, I'm getting a boner.
How does he not know?
Like one house is your house and there is not a pool behind it.
I'm gonna go out on a limb.
Maybe that's how he's getting to the pool.
I'm gonna guess that you feel that you've clearly expressed to your friend
that it is not okay and it's not a good deal,
but I'm betting that you've maybe been a little too subtle
and said something along the lines of like,
I don't know, they're busy or how about you need to say like,
listen, dude, it's not cool.
I don't feel comfortable going over there.
It's not my pool.
We did it that one time and it was awesome because they invited us over.
We don't have free reign over it.
You can always just throw it on them.
Just say like they said we couldn't go anymore.
It's a tough break, huh?
Well, win some, you lose some.
Let's play Atari.
Mr. Raghman Shah died in that pool.
And now he's got a pool.
Listen, Mr. Rachmaninoff does not appreciate us
swimming in his pool and listening to his classical music.
Listen, there's the ghost of Mr. Raghman Shah.
It's gonna haunt that pool like in that one episode of Are You Afraid of the Dark?
And we all know how that happened.
Oh, shit.
It's the scariest one too.
It's the fucking scariest one.
No, it's not.
The girl in the mirror is the scariest one.
Don't start.
A dead body.
Can you find a dead body or maybe even like roadkill and just throw it in the pool?
Because that was going to solve your problems.
Or just put a big sign outside that says haunted.
I can visualize that.
Oh, shit.
Haunted pool.
Don't swim at your own risk.
And then there's a picture of Patrick Swayze.
Are you saying Patrick Swayze is in the movie Ghost or because Patrick Swayze is dead?
Yeah, let's clarify.
No, Patrick Swayze from the movie Ghost.
Not just...
By the way, they started a Ghost musical on Broadway and I think it's kind of fucked up
they didn't get Patrick Swayze.
I mean, he's right there.
All around you.
Just.
Like...
Are you saying that...
Okay.
Are you saying that Patrick Swayze, now that he's dead, he occupies all the space?
All of Broadway?
No, I'm saying he's a ghost now.
So, like, he's even better.
Oh, so they could have cut back on the special effects.
Exactly.
He could just manifest himself.
He's an even better fit for the role than he was before.
If such a thing is even possible.
He nailed it.
He nailed it.
I miss him.
I feel bad about this goof.
When he was dying, do you think he was like, don't worry guys, I got this?
It was just like, super cool.
Like, way over the top.
This is not...
I've been preparing for this my whole life.
This is not my first time at the rodeo.
So, don't shed a tear.
I'll see you later at pottery class.
Like, don't even trip because I know my friend Vincent Chevelle is gonna come and teach me
all the tricks that I...
They may be different tricks, but he had my back before.
I have no reason to think that he won't again have my back.
You know who has really freaked out while all that was going on?
Who's that?
Whoopi Goldberg.
Yeah.
But for different reasons.
She's got a lot of her own shit going on.
Yeah, Whoopi's got a lot on her plate.
I don't know.
She's got the view and...
She's got her talk show, doesn't she?
Doesn't she have a drive time Whoopi in the morning?
Isn't that a thing that she has?
Let's make Whoopi a radio show in the morning.
Make it Whoopi.
No, actually making Whoopi is a sci-fi channel show about cloning Whoopi Goldberg.
And that I wish we could...
Man, my dream woman is color purple arrow Whoopi Goldberg times six.
Times six.
We're at science three.
What are we doing?
I wonder if the six Whoopi Goldberg was really stupid like Doug in Multiplicity.
I like in Multiplicity.
Remember like five minutes before we started recording, we're like,
all right, guys, we're going to make this show, this particular episode,
a lot more welcoming to newcomers by not talking about weird dumb shit for 10 minutes at a time.
Okay, you're right.
Let's rein it in.
Let's be a little more practical.
Okay.
I've recently started my first job out of university or college, if you prefer.
And I do.
And I'm finding it difficult to stay awake during meetings.
In any meeting that goes on for more than a half hour,
I find it difficult to focus and often start to nod off unless I'm constantly involved.
Do you have any advice for me before someone notices and I get fired?
As I have at least one meeting a day and they often contain important information for my work,
this is becoming a real problem.
That's from Lethargic in London.
And I have a solution.
Oh, no.
I think it's a home run.
Oh, God.
Keep in your office or cubicle or whatever.
This is going to be stupid.
No, a pair of really uncomfortable shoes.
And before the meeting, change into these shoes that are either too tight
or they're just uncomfortable in some way.
And they will stop you from falling asleep during the meeting.
I can't.
That's not- is it- is it almost a- I don't know if it's like a bad idea.
No, it's brilliant, you guys.
I think it's an okay idea.
I would suggest, first off, try that.
I guess it's not as plausible as anything.
Are you getting enough sleep?
Are you getting like your seven to eight hours?
Because that's really key.
Also, I see lots of ads for five hour energy drinks.
People replacing their coffee with them, which grosses me out, but-
And you should get the five hour energy drink
because it keeps you awake for five hours because your stomach wants to die.
Yeah, it'll make you nauseous.
Are you not a five hour energy drink fan?
No, I had one at Max Fun Con and it made me want to kill myself.
That's- you're probably- you're probably-
Well, I also have like the constitution of like a two year old, so.
Yeah.
Yeah, you got that- all those tummy issues.
Can I- can I put forth one possible solution?
What's that?
Just fucking go to sleep during the meeting.
Just slip on some shades and kick back.
If they can't- if they can't fucking turn their PowerPoint presentations
and do a rock you like a hurricane roller coaster,
then that's their fucking problem.
Like if they're putting you to sleep, then they need to know about it.
Right.
You know, a while back, do you remember we got that question where somebody was like,
how do I like gain an affect- an affectation at work?
Maybe you're the sleepy guy.
Oh, that's just sleepy Jim.
That's what he does.
People always say that, like this presentation we're doing is boring.
I'm worried we're going to put people to sleep.
Like you are creating actual metric.
Like-
You're the canary in the coal mine.
Exactly, in the boring coal mine.
I'm- I'm asleep.
Spice it up.
Maybe that'll make people work harder.
Like they want to-
Maybe they start yelling that out.
Like this is boring.
Spice it up.
I'm going to sleep over here.
Do lights and- do lights and smoke and shit.
That's it.
No.
Tell a funny story about me.
You don't need to tell them to do that to their presentations.
You can do that for them.
You can be the guy who like shows up to each presentation with a fucking boombox
and just start blasting Crazy Train as they're talking about, you know, their- their gross earnings.
Is that it?
And then start spinning some glow sticks around.
The- the other thing you might try that's a little easier,
that goes in line with Travis's shoe advice.
Maybe try like taking notes the whole time.
Like engaging yourself that way.
Just because wouldn't- that way you're not passive.
And you- and you're- you're engaged even if it's not like you're not adding to it.
The other- the other option is you say you stay awake when you add to it.
Maybe just start adding to it a lot more.
I agree.
Maybe just dip in every 20 seconds or so.
Yeah, this is a great point.
That's what I was gonna say.
I was gonna say that earlier.
You could-
I agree with you.
You can be like-
Well said.
Like a founding father in the- the first- the first congressional congress.
Is that what- is that what it was called when they-
Yeah, Continental Congress.
First Continental Congress where they-
No, I think it was the first congressional congress.
It was the first- the first congress of congressional-
The first senatorial senate.
And just like have a-
And the second presidential president.
Of gubernatorial goobers meeting.
You gotta have like a cane that you can like bang on the table when somebody says something.
And yell like, here, here.
Just like, someone open up a window.
Harump, harump, harump.
Sit down, Dan.
Sit down, Dan.
I'm trying to do my PowerPoint.
Oh man, I hope-
And also Ben Franklin is there.
Yeah, also be- just be- just be Ben Franklin.
No.
No, there's nothing actionable in that thing I just said.
No.
I just kind of wanted a picture of Ben Franklin in a room going, play Crazy Train.
Yeah.
Do it.
The problem is that we really can't address questions this boring anymore.
You're making us bored with your boring shit.
There's a reason none of us work in offices, and it's this very reason.
Yeah, right.
30 seconds or less, I'd be asleep.
Here's the solution I went with.
Don't go back.
Yeah.
Stop going to work.
Stop going.
You know what?
Live like you're dying.
Just fucking go to sleep.
So what?
Office space, this is hell.
Don't even hide it.
Pull a pillow out of your briefcase, fluff it, put it on the table, spin around three times,
and go take a snooze.
I wonder if there's a whole generation of people who saw office space and just said,
eh, fuck it.
And that's why we have such a high unemployment rate.
Hmm, but then there's also a generation of people who watch the office and it's like,
but these people are my best friends.
I'm going to find true love here.
This is going to be so zany.
You're not though, and it's not.
It's going to be boring.
It's not.
You're just going to fucking sleep all the time.
God, work is awful.
Go work on the internet.
I sleep at home all the time.
Nobody knows.
You know, you know, if you want to work on the internet, then you got to make money in the money zone.
What the fuck are you doing?
Was that good?
I just, I saw, I saw an opening and I took it.
The fuck do you think you're doing?
I'm angling for your job, McRoy.
Hey guys, here's some sad libs for you.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
No Griffin, no.
Fart giraffes.
Wait, fart giraffes.
I like this.
I like this vein.
Let's tap into it.
This message is for Russell and Laura from Nathan.
Congrats to Russell and Laura on getting hitched this weekend.
Russ is a rad photographer and Laura is just flat out rad.
And they're both going out and getting it in 20 does like champions.
They are getting, well actually they would have gotten married last weekend, I guess.
So congratulations to you guys.
Congratulation on your first week of rad marriage.
I hope you're still together.
Do you think they came down the aisle on like skateboards or like maybe he was on a razor
scooter and maybe they like got up to the creature and they just like flipped him off
and they're like, fuck you.
We don't need your institution.
And then they kissed like real deep.
And gross, right?
Gross, you know, and he's like, sorry, granny.
And then they're like spray painted on somebody in the front row.
Yeah.
And and then and then they signed the marriage papers.
No, that's not rad.
But what if the no, but they signed it with like a big dildo shaped pen.
OK, what if they they cut into their wedding pizza and she fed him a slice, hot slice of
wedding pizza?
Because that's and then smashed it on his face and then burned him because the oil was
really.
Yeah, yeah.
Guys, this podcast is supported by Microsoft's being a new way to search.
Use being to search the web and your own social media networks with the new social search
sidebar, allowing you to ask your friends as well as the experts tried online at Bing
Dotcom.
Bing is for doing like experts like us.
No, like actual real experts.
There are real experts.
Why do people keep asking us questions?
We have to be experts in something by this point, don't we?
Like accidentally even how to get fired.
I think we we probably have more diverse and illegal methods of getting fire than anybody.
How to make your dad cringe.
OK, how to make your nanny cry.
If that's a category of expertise, that's easy, though, like pussy.
Well, now everyone's uncomfortable.
Let's do Yahoo.
This this one was sent in by Lisa Holofield and like four other people.
I got this from a lot of sources, so it promises to be pretty good.
It's by Yahoo Answers user unerring pair who asks.
If I shave my golden retriever like a lion, will the other dogs respect him more?
Because he's kind of the neighborhood loser.
Oh, no, that's it.
It went from being kind of funny to kind of.
How you're superimposing a lot of hierarchy on the dogs.
Yeah, first of all, lion is king of the cats.
Totally different, totally different thing.
Like their archenemy, basically.
Yeah, that's like saying I'm going to dress him up like Mumra.
So so he can hang with his buddies.
The Thunder Cat's like, no, that's going to make him really sad.
They're going to hate it.
I'm going to dress them up like Rufio saying hang out with all Hook's Pirates.
Oh, God.
It's like saying.
Anybody else?
Yeah, yeah.
What do you got, Griffin?
You got something?
I'm trying to think.
Let me think of two.
I went to I went to Nazis like instantly and there's nothing there that's going to be.
Churchill?
Yeah, that it's like dressing up like Churchill.
And then he used to hang out with the Nazis.
I would love to see a dog dressed up like Churchill.
Oh, my God.
Photos, please.
Please somebody dress up your fat ass dog like Winston Churchill.
I bet you anything.
I am Googling right now.
Dog dressed like be Winston.
Dog dressed like be be dogs.
OK, Google, Google be dogs.
I'm not Googling be dog.
Oh, yes.
I see a dog with glasses who looks like Churchill.
Everybody, I'm sorry.
A picture of a bulldog.
You know it's a bulldog.
Everybody, if you can send make more pictures of your dog dressed like Churchill.
I I do insist on historical accuracy.
I'll try to put the picture I found in the form.
It also looks like Kathy Bates in that new lawyer show.
It's adorable.
Do you mean the new adventures of old Christine?
I also would like to point out that in dog,
like there is a certain amount like the dominance,
you know, alpha male kind of thing,
but it doesn't rank down.
It's like I'm alpha male.
So you're second and you're third.
Yeah, you're the epsilon male.
Get out of here, pussy.
It's not really how it works.
There's mostly just like with the one guy on top and then everybody else.
Also, I don't think I mean a lion looks like a lion
because he's got the frame to support that main.
Does your frame support your main?
That's the that's the real question,
because this golden retriever,
I think if you slap a lion on him,
I think he's going to look pretty goddamn goofy.
He's going to look like a shaved dog with a giant poof on his head
and he's going to probably get murdered by the other.
Yeah, it's going to look like he's wearing mink
and it's not going to be a good look for him, respect wise.
Why are you getting so hung up on your dog's appearance?
I don't know if you've read T.L. Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People,
but the key thing is for your dog to get interested in the other dogs.
Is he sniffing their butts?
Is he sniffing their butts enough?
He's got to get interested in the smell of their butts.
What's his hump game like?
Is he is he letting himself be humped more than he's trying to hump the other dog?
That's a great question, Justin.
That's so key in society.
Also, maybe your dog's just boring.
Maybe your dog just fucking sucks.
Some dog has to suck.
There has to be a most boring dog in any pack.
Is he wearing glasses?
Asshole.
Nice glasses, dipshit.
Nice glasses, Churchill.
Nice glasses, Churchill.
Get your kettle.
Why do all the other dogs always pick on Churchill?
You know, we bought him really nice Randy Jackson frames.
I don't know.
I'm just as sweet as doggy pipe.
He's got a great doggy pipe.
Was that a negative comment about my glasses?
No.
No.
I just think your glasses are super stylish.
I am just constantly entertained by the fact that they were handcrafted by Randy Jackson.
By the artisanal Randy Jackson.
Yo, dog.
I'm making you some artisanal glasses frames in my day off from working with Gloria Estefan.
Working on her new CD.
That's going to drop next week.
And then the week after that, I'm going to drop Griffin's glasses off.
And then I have to fix them because I dropped them.
And then I'm going to fix them because I dropped them.
Recently, the Just for Laughs festival came to Chicago.
And with it brought basically all my favorite comedians from big names to lesser known
slash soon to be big names.
Saw them all over the place, waiting across the street, walking around Walgreens.
So my question is, what is the proper etiquette for meeting comedians or celebrities?
And that's from our buddy Justin Russo.
Justin, before I answer your question, I was hoping you could provide me with some more
things that people do in a city.
Riding the bus.
Reading a book.
Reading a book.
Sitting on benches.
Eating.
Getting mugged.
Paying bills.
I saw Bobcat Goldthwait getting mugged.
Picking up prescriptions.
Using a bathroom.
Crying quietly on a bench.
Wondering where they all went wrong.
Wondering when their big break is coming.
There are several schools of thought here.
Let's give our, let's each give our own person.
Normally we, I think we try to come to a consensus.
I say on this question, we divide and conquer and each give our own personal strategies.
I'll start.
Okay.
Don't.
Just don't.
Don't acknowledge them.
Pretend you're a stranger and they're a stranger because that's the arrangement and never introduce
yourself to them ever because that's what I do.
That's my jam.
That's now let me counterpoint with this.
Do.
Okay.
Because.
Well, but you have to give, you can't just say, just do this thing.
You have to, you have to give it some sort of action.
I think that, okay, so this might be my way of looking at it and I might be a little over optimistic
here, but these people, you know, you get famous, you get popular because people like you.
So you're supported by your fans and they want to know, you know, that people like them.
That's what I always tell myself to justify going out to them and saying like, Hey, Gallagher,
I'm a huge fan.
Thank you so much for all the laughs and walking away.
What you don't want to do is totally geek out and think that you in some way are going
to make a lasting impression and become best friends with this person.
This is your chance to like bump into them, say, Hey, thanks so much for doing all the
great work, shaking their hand and getting away.
See, I thought you were going to go a different direction and say that like these people live
such crazy superficial lives that they just, they really want that human contact.
And you've got it, you've got it to give to them.
You know, I used to tell myself that all these people want is for somebody to come up and
be cool and not super nerdy and geeky out.
And they'll be like, Hey, Travis, you're actually real cool.
Let's hang out back at my palatial comedian estate.
Yeah, but that is not how it works.
They, they're, they want to be left alone.
They don't know you.
So say like, Hey, thank you so much.
Take the opportunity.
Like that's what I say.
When's the chance that you're going to see these people again, you know, take the opportunity
to say, Hey, I'm a big fan.
Thank you so much.
I am as someone who is occasionally recognized in extremely limited and specific.
When you go to conventions, right near or around a sign that has my name on it.
I am occasionally recognized and I can tell you it always makes me feel good.
So if you have that, like as sort of your, now you would think that that would convince
me that maybe people who are actually famous, that maybe they feel the same way.
Hey, but I, I, I just can't, I don't know what to say.
You know, it's, I don't know what to do.
I will say this is Griffin.
What do you do?
Oh, thanks.
What I like to do is I will stand near them.
That's really just stand near them and you don't really have to.
And like, wait for them to recognize you.
No, they don't even need to.
I don't, I don't require that recognition.
I'm just saying, if you stand close enough to somebody, they got to talk to you eventually.
Like, even if they have to, even if they're not a celeb, even if you're just like at the
bus stop, someone's going to that, that will also applies to celebs.
So then you, you put the ball in their court, they start talking to you and then you insult
them a little bit.
Just like insult them a little bit, but then give them and then you give them some attention.
And then before you know it, you're in your fucking Bobcat.
I, I can't.
I'm saying, I'm saying you don't settle for just meeting a celebrity.
Right.
Make a connection.
Fuck them.
Fuck them.
What's a better story?
I was at the Costco and I ran into Bobcat Coldthwaite.
And I ran into, into corn cob gold bars and at the Costco in the, in the chicken, in the
chicken trough.
And before you knew it, we were back at my bungalow.
Fucking, I fucked corn cob gold gong.
And it turned out he was just a homeless man.
I'm corn cob gold gong.
I was at the Zappa's distribution center and I ran into Flapjack Nicholsack and we made
love, we made love all night long.
And I don't know who he is, but he acted like he was somebody.
So I figured he must've been.
Oh man.
And he kept insisting I take pictures with him.
The one thing I have to ask you, and though I have been occasionally, as I said, recognized,
I've also been around legitimately famous people when this has happened.
And I have to beg of you, don't let it happen to you.
Please, if you're going to introduce yourself to someone, please know who the fuck they
are.
Don't just have a vague awareness that they are someone and try to suss it out.
Aren't you somebody?
What have I seen you in?
A lot of times people will call me Travis or Griffin, which must be mortifying for them.
But I, I pretty, after like 20 years with you guys, I'm pretty used to it from like
our parents, friends and stuff.
So it didn't really bother me.
But like, please, if you're going to introduce yourself to an actual celebrity, know who
they are.
Cause that, cause that's pretty brutal that like, you know, you have some relevance to
society, but people can't even like, it's not even like solidifying.
You have fame.
Let me wheeze your juice for a second.
Let me stand near you.
Are you a fame person?
Yeah, you're, you're rare and exotic.
You look like somebody.
Can I touch your hand and tell all my friends about it?
Let's, and then go home and Google you and try to figure out who you are.
When we were at, when we were at max fun con, I had a lot of, uh, post panic attacks where
I would be talking to someone whose work I know, but I don't necessarily know their
visage and like right after the conversation or interaction had ended, um, uh, I would
realize, or someone would tell me like, Hey, that's this person that did this thing that
did this thing that is great that you like and lots of people like, and I would kind
of hyperventilate a little bit, but then you know what?
I would just get angry because where do they get off acting like a regular person?
Yeah.
Why do they not introduce themselves and say, no, don't freak out.
If that right now, listen, don't panic, but I'm going to put my shades on.
Features so bright.
Like if someone's not, I don't think you're famous unless you put on giant sunglasses
and go, Oh yeah, is that important?
So basically you're saying like the only famous person, he was Matthew Rod, right?
Right.
He's the only famous person.
You have a really specific metric.
He's not aging well.
I saw him on the Tony's and he looked terrified.
He looks, he always looks so scared.
What am I doing up here?
Yeah.
I don't mean to say he's not aging well.
I just think like the boyish thing is just like, I don't know.
You expect you to like, Oh, he looks like it's hard for me to shake that image of him
as boyish.
I guess it's hard for him to shake that too.
Right?
Like he's got the story of Bradley Whitford's got the same thing going a little bit where
he still looks like a little boy, but he looks like an old boy.
He looks like a kind of like an old boy.
He looks like a boy who is like a super, like a 70 year old boy.
It's not great.
It's not great for him.
I love his work.
Love his work though.
Oh wait.
Are we talking about if you see, if you see your Matthew Broderick or Bradley Whitford,
please do not tell them that we said these terrible things about him.
I loved Matthew Broderick in old boy, the Japanese horror movie.
I love Bradley Whitford in old dogs.
I, I would give in.
Was he in that?
Cause I could buy that.
No, but he, well, I love the man.
He, he, he, he will dip into some bad things.
I love Bradley Whitford when I saw him in the premiere of old dogs.
He was just watching the movie, but he was.
Did I ever tell you guys, did I ever tell you guys about the time that I fucked Matthew Broderick?
No, no.
Somebody just made that their ringtone.
And look on the iTunes Apple store for ringtones for my brother, my brother and me.
If you, if your phone doesn't ring with my brother, my brother and me, then don't.
Not if people know you want to fuck Matthew Broderick.
You can either shake Matthew Broderick's hand and tell him you love Godzilla 2000.
Or you can fuck him like Godzilla.
Oh my God.
The one person I don't want to piss off is Sarah Jessica Parker though.
She will come at you and she'll break all this, the SITC girls and they will fuck you up.
Throw you in a cauldron, turn you into soup.
On a completely different note.
I want to tell you guys a story that I was reminded of the other day being 14
and seeing on TV that a show called Sex and the City was coming on.
Yeah.
Getting so excited.
Here we go.
Yeah.
I'm going to sneak and watch this.
Watch like 10 minutes.
I was like, this is bullshit.
Get ready to turn into a boner penis.
To emerge butterfly like.
Prepare autobots roll out.
Roll out, time to transform.
Voltron connect.
Wonder Twins activate.
Form a boner.
GI Joe, get them.
I don't remember what they said.
I used to get that way for suddenly Susan.
I used to, hold on, let me, can I try that joke?
Can I do another take on that riff?
Do another take on that joke.
I used to get that way for designing women.
That was the original title for Weird Science.
Did you know that?
It's just called why oh why do I get boners for designing women?
Starring Vanessa Angel.
Stop.
I used to get that way for golden girls, but I'm fucking gross.
Yeah.
Hey, I need some advice.
I've been seeing an amazing girl for a few weeks and it's been going really well.
But I saw the inside of her house for the first time yet, and she's a hoarder.
It's not as bad as the people on television yet, but the entire floor and every surface
were completely covered with books, papers, and other random junk.
Should I break up with her because of the hoarding or keep seeing her and hope it gets better?
Oh my God.
That's a tough question.
This is like a real one.
I'm not even sure we should answer this.
Well, I'm going to say this.
I know this from my brief foray into psychological studies.
It doesn't just get better.
She's not going to sit there one day and be like, oh, my shit's messy.
Well, it's messy in here.
I'm going to clean up.
Isn't that what the whole hook of the TV show Hoarders is?
They take hoarders and they fix them?
They fix them, but it's not a spontaneous thing.
You know what?
I should pick up around here.
No.
And they, but they, and it's all most of the time, it's like a, it's a short term fix.
They clean up and then they're like, we visited three weeks later
and Phillip is still a dirty fuck.
They're still just dry ramen noodles everywhere.
I've never seen Hoarders, but I assume it primarily is about ramen noodles.
Guys, I understand that that is a real psychological disorder.
I get it.
It is just so hard for me to watch and not just scream like just clean, just clean up.
I love to clean.
I'll clean for you.
Let me clean your house.
I'm a pretty messy person.
But the idea of like not being able to see from one side of my house to the other,
like not being able to walk across the floor without like stepping over piles of newspaper
and stuff, it just skews me how, yeah.
In a legitimate answer to your question,
you have to decide that this girl is, whether or not the possibility of this relationship
is worth it.
Yeah.
Like you, there is every chance that maybe you could help her with this problem.
Like maybe that's all she needs is somebody to emotionally support her and help prop her
up and help get her through it.
But if you go into this with eyes open, you are accepting the possibility that it might
never get better.
It might get wicked worse and you may be committing to a life this way.
And I think that honestly, you are completely within your rights ethically and emotionally
and everything to say like, I can't pursue this with you because that's not what I want
for my life.
Like I think you are completely within your rights to do that.
I mean, everybody's got their stuff that they're dealing with.
But if this isn't the kind of stuff that you can handle, I think you can walk away and
not-
I think it's a microcosm of what you go into every time you start a relationship with someone
where you find out like, oh, they snore or they're really bad with money or, you know,
it's a kind of-
They pee in jars and then they save the jars.
But like you find out these things about them and then you have to make the decision.
Like, is this a thing that's going to bug me for the rest of my life?
Or is this an idiosyncrasy of this person that I care about and I can look past?
And so if this is a really big thing and it's a problem for you-
It's the biggest thing.
You're going to move in one day with this messy-bessy and then guess what happens?
You're a hoarder too, dog.
And suddenly you can't find your cat.
Oops, you caught hoarder.
Your cat just died in a pile of Hot Pockets boxes.
Oops, I missed my cat.
I missed my cat.
Where is he?
Son of the meatballs and stroganoff Hot Pockets boxes.
Um, I can't-
I can't say I would continue a relationship with someone in this situation,
but I don't know how much you care about this girl.
I mean like honestly, if I had started dating my wife and she had been a hoarder,
she's already kind of messy, but not quite hoarder levels.
I don't think I would have stopped-
I mean I don't think I could have stopped our relationship for that.
I probably would have just like tried to have been a good influence.
Like honestly though, guys, let's be honest.
Men out there, fellas, when you enter into any relationship,
you are already basically an emotional hoarder.
Like there are some things about you that are way more fucked up than a super messy house.
Like way worse.
There are-
You have some deep recesses in there that any man or woman that dates you
is committing to attempting to fix.
This is just a very external version of that.
If I were you, question asker, I would sit down with this person and be like,
hey, listen, I don't know if I'm okay with this or not.
I, you know, how committed are you to this whole hoarding thing?
Do you think this is going somewhere?
Do you think maybe you could like pick it up before I come over again?
Can you just clean?
Would you be willing to clean for me?
I think you fucking yell 3000 out and you drop a smoke bomb
and some cow trips and then through the window.
Through the wall.
Whatever you want to do.
Kool-Aid, do it.
Get out.
You know, I'm just not sure if I'm ready for things to regress with Betsy,
but you know, I gave her a key and she's got her own drawer in my house
and she's filled it with newspaper and old floss.
That's not funny.
You're a monster.
You're history's greatest monster.
Yeah.
Yahoo.
They'll pick us up.
Okay.
Yeah.
This Yahoo.
I got a Yahoo answer.
It was sent in by Emily Alinder.
Thank you, Emily.
It's by Yahoo answers user Miranda.
Colon.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's Miranda smiley face.
Miranda smile asks,
what are some good things to write on your knuckles?
You know, like the tattoos on knuckles.
How about knuckles?
What?
You know how people get tattoos on their knuckles?
It's just like love and hate.
Envy and love.
Or like love and envy.
Like envy and hate.
Or like America exclamation point.
Or like left and right, but right is like R-I-T-E.
Yeah, like right aid.
Like CBS and right aid.
Or just like wall grit because you ran out of knuckles.
Big Phil with two Gs.
That one helps if your name is Phil.
It's an important side note.
Sidebar, your name should be Phil.
I love the idea of getting something that is so recognizable,
but truncated because you ran out of knuckles.
Like get like Will Smith.
McDonnell.
Taco Bell would fit really nicely.
That's not a truncated one, but I mean, Taco Bell.
What do you want to eat for dinner tonight?
On the instances where the answer is Taco Bell,
it's a pretty boss answer.
Just put your fists out.
Like what do you think?
I'm trying.
I like the idea of having like a complete phrase like Taco Bell.
And so when you see both hands together, it makes sense.
But when you just see one, you're like Bell.
Bell.
But what does that mean?
Why does your hand say Taco Bell?
This hand is for eating tacos.
This hand is for eating tacos.
This hand is for ringing bells, obviously.
Don't want to mix them up.
Obviously.
But according to my religion,
if my taco hand touches my bell hand,
then I have to cut them both off.
Well, I'm really-
My right hand says jerk.
My left hand says food.
Get it?
Don't you understand?
I must never confuse the two.
No.
If you wanted to put most F on there,
would you just put three Fs?
So we just say F?
No, it would say M-O-S-D-E-F-F-F.
So I like this idea of using your knuckles like a vanity plate.
Right.
Too hot for you.
Pawn star.
Hot rod.
By the way, you guys,
I watched like six episodes of Pawn Star
while waiting for my car to get fixed at Firestone.
That show is so great.
Yeah.
What realizations did you come away with?
I hate myself.
No, okay.
Well, what about thug life?
But then you have the option of putting your pinky up
and it says hug life.
And then underside of your pinky is just a happy smiling man.
What?
I'm sorry.
I just got distracted by looking at the tiny smiling man
I've drawn on the underside of my pinky.
He's just there to help me get through the rough times.
Yeah, like this.
This would be a good example.
I wish I had one.
Well, at the end of the show,
I wish that I had had hello.
Hello, little pinky man.
I'm underneath your hand.
Don't mind me.
Hey, how about it Nickelodeon?
We're right here for all the voices you need.
Man.
I'm Dylan, the new starfish in town.
Kidding.
I'm Winston Churchill.
I'm a walrus.
I'm Winston walrus.
What are we doing?
Why does Winston walrus speak in dubstep?
I'm Winston walrus.
Get ready for the drop.
I have a dubstep speech impediment.
My speech impediment is Skrillex.
I'm dropping the base.
It's floating back up to the surface.
I love living underneath the sea with my friend,
the starfish Dylan.
Hello, I'm Dylan the starfish.
We live together with our friends in round square.
How about it Nickelodeon?
I'm right here, baby.
$27 and a hot meal.
Show me the money.
Show me the money and the hot meal.
That was actually my Cuba Gooding Jr. impression.
You want to do that animated series Snow Dogs,
but you can't afford Cuba?
Travis has you.
Show me the monies.
Whoa, it's like having him here on the show.
I can do Cuba Gooding Jr. and senior.
Yes, do show my son the money.
That's the best celebrity impression I've ever heard.
What about Doug Life?
Okay, we're done.
This has been our podcast, my brother, my brother and me.
It's an advice show, Obbs.
I want to thank everybody for tweeting about the show
and helping us to spread the word about our podcast,
which we put the happy news on Twitter this week.
We just reached 4 million downloads this week,
which is pretty amazing.
And it's all thanks to you all.
So thank you to those tweeting.
Thanks to Solid Neil, Sir Alex Murphy,
Shit My Teddy Says, Bearded Satchel, BC Evans,
Mason Your Face, Delicious Bees, Trav Man Man,
Germs 317, The Real Tim Roth, Angel Rubio,
our friend Roman Mars for doing another show.
Thank you.
And if you haven't listened to 99% Invisible, go do it now.
Yeah, go do that.
Go on.
It's incredible.
And if you haven't listened to the other Maximum Fun programs,
go do that now.
Go listen and stop podcasting yourself in Jordan Jesse Go
and Throwing Shade and Judge John Hodgman.
They'll treat you right.
Bullseye.
I also want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's the one album that you can come back to
in good times and bad.
And hey, our friend Graham Clarke
just put out a stand up comedy special.
You can buy it for $5 at the standup comedians.com.
So go to the standup comedians.com, pay five bucks
and go buy Graham's show.
I bought it and it's really funny.
And he has a fantastic beard.
Just the best beard.
Just the best beard.
I want to thank everybody for helping me out on Friday,
doing a big Twitter campaign for Complete Works
at Cincinnati Shakespeare Company.
If you are in the area and you'd like to come see me
in a hilarious show, just go to scentsyshakes.com.
That's scentsy with a Y, shakes.com.
He can get you in for free.
So just like ask him and he can get you in.
No problem.
I mean, that may or may not be true.
I don't know.
How cool are you?
You cool?
And thank you, as always, if you go subscribe to the show
and tweet our sampler, it's bit.ly forward slash
it's bim bam.
That's the only way we have of growing
and it's all thanks to you guys.
So thank you so much.
And I want to tell you real quick about the awesome people
at Topo Toco.
The people that do our t-shirt.
How do you still not know how to say that fucking word?
Topotico?
Topotico.
Topotico.
Tootpatercum?
Hippohurmer?
I bought my girlfriend, my brother, my brother and me
t-shirt from them.
And in the special comments, I put, I love you.
Now don't let it get weird.
And they drew a picture of Garfield saying,
well, it's too late for that.
And it was like the best thing ever.
So thank you guys so much.
Go check out their website.
If you go to the maximumfun.org home page
and just click on the max fun merchandise link,
they just have tons of awesome stuff.
I just want to say thank you to Jim Davis.
We got a really nice email from him just saying,
hey, guys, I loved the goose.
I love the episode.
We've all been there.
We've all had that thought at some point.
It's not weird.
And thank you, Jim, for the lovely fruit basket.
Jim sent us a fruit basket.
And he said, good goose, good goose.
It's all in good fun.
Don't worry about it.
So thank you so much, Jim Davis.
Thank you for being so cool.
Griffin, give me the last question.
Yeah, sure.
This one was sent in by question mark.
It's by Yahoo Answers user me, who asks opinions
on the name gymnasium.
That's J-I-M-nasium for a boy.
Oh, Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother, and me.
Kiss your dad.
School wear on the lips.
