The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother and my brother meeting advice show for the
modern era. My name is Justin Mc... I'm gonna get this right. No, that was it.
No, he's got to say, I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. Aw, damn. That's not it.
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother and my brother meeting advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis
McElroy. I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. No fooling around with this intro.
No, straight to the point, no faking. Cooking MCs like a pound of bacon.
What's that noise? That's Justin being very cold. Justin, how's the weather where you are?
Thanks for asking, Travis. It is a tropical winter storm. Jareth is having its way with us
right now, and let me tell you guys, winter prep is so important when you're in blizzard
conditions. Light or death. I almost wasn't ready. Oh, no. But listen, I don't want you to worry. I
am now sitting here with a, I would guess, 20 to 25 ASMR videos just stacked. That'll get you
through. Yeah, I loaded the hard drive. I got an external hard drive. How big are these fucking
ASMR videos? How big is the hard drive? I get them in HHD. That's just high, high definition?
High, high definition. As far as winter prep goes, I've got probably 25 ASMR videos.
I'm glad that you've been listening to Bunker Buddies because when we did our winter prep
episode, we said the number one priority was ASMR because what you don't want to do is wait
till the storm hits and then everyone's rushing to the store like, wait, here's the ASMR videos.
And it's just like, we sold out of those weeks ago. See, for my money, I like, because you're
going to be trapped inside for, God, months potentially, I like the idea of just me and the
kids and we all get together and we make our own ASMR videos. We get some crinkly paper. We get some
crinkly paper of our own and we talk really, really soft up close on a microphone together.
Get some press on nails to tap on a wooden table.
Kind of dig your fingers through those glass beads that you put in aquariums.
That sounds actually pretty good, Travis.
Well, the last thing you want to do, especially if you're trapped in the house, is get some like
cut rate bargain basement ASMR videos where it's just like a dude being like,
I'm going to rub your head. Like you don't want that. You know, you want like,
if you're going to be listening to it for years, possibly, you want it to be like the best quality
you can get. And that's why I always do glass beads.
In the last, in the last winter storm we had, I wasn't prepared and I bought some
unlicensed ASMR from a guy at a dark alleyway and it turned out to just be
Wendy's training videos for how to use the shake machine.
That's not a trigger.
Buddy, buddy, buddy, you're looking for some soft sounds.
Soft sounds over here.
Soft sounds, soft serve. Get over here, my man.
He kind of spoke in ASMR, which is pretty amazing.
Which is my trigger. Back alley ASMR is actually one of my triggers.
Ah, damn it. I forgot food.
Well, shit.
You're going to have to eat your cat.
Going to have to eat my food.
Going to alf it up.
Alfin it up. I said, what?
Listen, the only thing that's going to get you through now, Justin, is you have to lower your
heart rate and your intake consumption levels to a very, very low, like just barely alive point.
Like you're going to need to get into a bathtub. And I think actually the ASMR videos
might help you out with this to just to get you on that bliss.
But then you're going to have some videos to bring you back from the point of death.
Some like heavy metal monster truck kind of thing to get the blood rate,
you know, back up once like June hits.
Just a monster truck just driving over a bunch of different heavy metal bands.
I've, uh, I'm, uh,
A snuff film of heavy metal bands.
Which is the natural opposite to ASMR.
Yes.
I am conserving my ASMR videos too. I'm trying to make, not use them all up.
So I got the window shrugged down.
So I'm only seeking about a quarter of, of them as I'm watching them.
Cause I don't want to burn through them all, all at once.
You know, that seems foolhardy just cause I got a big stack.
You know what sucks is I'm in, I'm in Texas and the weather here is great, but I still,
you know, I don't like to leave the house basically ever.
Um, so last time I was out at the store, I bought like 40 hams, but I didn't get any ASMR videos.
That's so stupid.
Listen, let's get on with the advice.
I feel my generator's about to die and I have to save enough energy to watch ASMR videos for
the rest of the weekend.
Yeah, sure.
So I really, are you doing okay though?
This is the real brother part.
Yeah, but really, are you all right?
No.
I mean, we were like wicked prepared.
Like, let me say this.
It sucks.
Like, cause it's like, it's weird because you don't really think about the closest
comparisons like Christmas.
It's like, well, I better, I hope you have everything cause you can't get nothing.
Like, it's like that, but could last for days cause I can't get nothing.
You can't get, you literally can't get anything.
Can't get anything.
I, uh, yeah, I can't get anything.
I made a run.
This was scary.
I almost didn't have Ramchata.
Ooh.
All right.
Let's start the show.
This is, this is your, your privilege has been showing for the past seven minutes and
it's making me sick.
Uh, put your privilege away.
I was kidding about the Ramchata, but I also did not have Brandy.
So it was like a winter storm without the kvassia.
I would rather not.
Thank you.
Um, where do you, hey, can I ask you a question?
Where do you winter storm?
Oh, me?
I go to Justin's lodge.
We have Ramchata and Brandy drinks mixed together.
We listen to soft sounds and we just try to lower our heart rate down to just a barely
alive level.
It's really the only way to do it.
It's the, it's the only way to winter storm.
I keep looking outside thinking that it would have slowed or perhaps slacked or perhaps
stopped in any way.
Nah.
It is still going like full tilt boogie the same as it was.
This is so weird because we're recording this in the past when people are listening
to it.
Like people could be listening to this long after we've lost contact with Justin.
This could be my last like transmission.
This could be like your Martian still haven't seen it.
Please, please listen.
This is crucial.
I have a baby.
If this is my last transmission, this is so important.
Please bring a portable television and hold up ASMR videos to my office window and just
smash it with a brick.
I just have to hear those soft singles.
Um, I will say if this is your last episode, that's really too bad because we've spent
the last eight minutes of the show's 60 minute runtime talking about the weather.
Yeah, but the good news is no one will think of it as the one where they talk about ASMR.
That'll be the last one.
Last one in the series of like 40.
When we finally hit on that hilarious weather chat.
Let's do it.
Let's do it.
My wife's dad, two brothers and brother-in-law all go on a yearly grouper fishing trip.
How do you fish?
Yeah.
How do you like designate?
Like, all right, only the grouper.
Come on up and bite.
Bite this shit.
Maybe they just go to like a grouper farm.
Get the fuck out of here, Cod.
It's grouper time, groupers.
It's time for the reckoning.
You know what's up.
Well, I would.
Come on up here.
I mean, I would imagine that you, it would be based on your bait, right?
You use like grouper dogs.
The favorite grouper snacks.
The favorite grouper crisps.
Oh, that's my favorite.
If you're doing, if you're doing like grouper trolling out Miami, it's a pretty easy tactic
to catch decent sized gag groupers on a shallow patch reef.
Just get a standard 50 pound trolling outfit.
That'll do the job.
Yeah, you unfurl a waterproof grouper pornographic magazine.
Took me a couple of runs at that one.
Just make sure you use a strong shock leader of approximately 25 feet connected by crimps
to a hundred pounds.
Salmon pornography will work too.
Groupers are really down to clown with just anything.
They're very open minded fish.
They're pretty dirty.
Anyway, we're on a grouper fishing trip.
Right now.
They're all pretty strong fishermen.
No, wait.
They're all pretty strong men.
I've gone the past two years.
The first year I wasn't able to pull up a fish.
Yeah, she's a heavy fish, the grouper.
Second year I got seasick.
The second year I got seasick.
Should I bow out of all future trips?
Should I keep going for the camaraderie?
They give me a hard time about it, but will probably still make fun of me for not going.
Frustrated fishing failure.
You have to go.
You have to go.
But like one of these years, can you please show up and just be diesel?
Like what better?
What would be better than to be like, anybody, any of you need help lifting fish?
Oh God, what happened to Dave?
I'm worried about him.
I got fish lifters, baby.
Oh my God, have you seen Dave lately?
Look at his just glistening fish lifters.
His shirt is big enough for my chest, but not my fish lifters.
Has he been dead lifting fish?
I wouldn't mind having those fish lifters wrapped all around me in the cold.
They're only for fish, Victoria.
I lift fish and I lift spirits.
I lift fish and I lift that nationwide morale.
Victoria, would you mind opening the door for me?
I'm holding two bags of groceries and both your hands are free.
Victoria, you know the arrangement.
These are fish lifters.
I have to impress your brothers.
I can't use these for anything other than lifting fish.
I want a divorce, Dave.
Can I still go on the fishing trip?
Please don't take this away from me.
Having big, sick fish lifters is going to be a very good move,
and you can use that for a lot of things.
And I feel like that's another catch-all for us.
Just get extremely physically attractive or get extremely, extremely powerful,
like really very powerful fish diesel.
He's my favorite actor.
One sweet thing would be to act like you have huge fish lifters
and then act like you can't lift the fish.
Like say, oh, it's too heavy.
Oh yeah, put a dramatic arc into your hang.
Oh, and then it's a really tiny fish and everybody gets a good laugh.
A lot of bad stuff happens.
I was just going to say, you could tear it in half.
Just tear it in half while they watch and then lift.
You're like, that's better.
That's much easier.
He did it.
He's the chosen one.
Can you get, can you get?
Ah, see, I was going to propose a plan
and then I realized my own fatal flaw in the plan.
I'll propose the plan first.
Then I'll explain what the fatal flaw is.
The proposed plan that I wanted to put forward
is you have Dwayne the Rock Johnson in a scuba suit
underneath the boat, just holding on for dear life.
And then when you catch the fish and reel it up,
he lifts it into the boat for you.
But then he hides it.
Maybe he's wearing a ghillie suit.
The fatal flaw in that is there is no way
you're going to keep the Rock from just unhinging his jaw
and eating that fish hole.
Cause he eats like fucking 12 pounds of cod every single day.
If he sees because he hates cod,
not because he's hungry.
Well, he loves, he loves getting boss fish lifters too.
He needs to maintain them.
That's why Lady Gaga wouldn't wear her meat dress around him.
Who would just like, oh, pop it.
No red meat, no red meat.
Just that good cod.
Just that good cod?
Yeah.
What if, say he's unable to get those,
like for medical reasons,
he can't get diesel fish lifters.
I would say the alternate ending of this movie,
but isn't the ending of this movie always like,
you can't do it.
But then they get into some kind of scrape
and like they're unable to do something that like,
oh, Skinny Todd can fix the engine
cause he can slide through the ducks.
Like maybe like you can't, you can't lift the fish,
but then one of them needs help setting up a tumbler.
Yeah.
And you're like, here, no problem, allow me.
But let me help you post the pictures of your fish.
Click, click, click, click, click.
Skinny Todd, you did it.
But this movie-
Get back in the engine.
You realize-
Get back in the engine, Skinny Todd.
You realize this movie's gonna end
with Skinny Todd falling into the water
and everybody gets really worried,
but then he magically transforms into a fish.
The Skinny Todd Limpet.
And then they all learned to love fish
and they stop the fishing.
And miss Todd.
And they miss Todd very much.
Everybody misses Todd.
Very much.
He's a fish now.
He can't talk or think or anything.
He's a fucking fish.
He's a fish.
And then they catch him, but then they let him go
and it's very touching.
And they let him go.
And as they throw Todd back, fish Todd,
back into the water as he's flying through the air,
who's that?
Pops out of the water like fucking Jason
on hinges his jocks.
The Rockies.
Todd Hull.
And it's a horror.
It was a horror movie the whole time.
Do you guys want a yahoo?
Yes, please.
Yeah, for sure.
Or did you want me to read this summary
of The Incredible Mr. Limpet?
Nah.
It's fucking crazy.
No, we did that-
What if people don't know?
Literally less than 10 episodes ago.
But what if they don't know, Griffin?
This one was sent in by-
Yeah, what if they miss that one?
This one was sent in by Dan Boduin.
And just based on how poorly I pronounce that,
it's not Bodin-well that I said it right.
Nice.
And it's by yahoo answers user Nutty.
I didn't really know how to pronounce that.
It's like Nutty, but there's extra T's and I's.
Anyway, Nutty asks,
extremely short tongue for kissing.
Wait.
I have very short tongue.
Let's say I'm sticking out my tongue straightly,
and its length is not even half an inch from the teeth
to the end of the tongue.
Jesus.
It's extremely short tongue.
They said it in the fucking title.
Why are you surprised?
But that just seems like he lost some in an accident.
It's like that's not even half an inch from the teeth
to the end of the tongue.
I am so serious about this.
And it makes me so sad whenever my girlfriend and I make out.
She does most of jobs,
and it is so hard for me to do my moves, you know.
Please need advice on technique, lol.
Help, lol.
It's probably-
This dear heart, it's probably hard for them to say lol.
Yeah, I was gonna say, like,
your girlfriend's upset about you not being able to do your kiss moves,
but she's fine with the fact that you, like, can't say T.
Like, you can't say any T's or most letters.
What if he really just has a really deep mouth?
That is another-
His tongue is perfectly normal length, but inside it is cavernous.
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby.
I have a lot of inner tongue,
and if you want to meet it, you're gonna need to go to the dentist.
You're gonna have to come to me.
Maybe his face looks like Alec Baldwin's in Beetlejuice,
when they do the stretch out beaky face.
All right.
Follow me here.
Stretch out beaky face.
All right.
All right.
Which would make it hard to do some kiss moves,
because your eyeballs are in there, if I remember correctly.
Sure.
See, what I like better is less you have an elongated beak-like mouth,
and more that you just have a regular head and mouth and everything,
but your tongue starts really far back.
Like way wicked back.
Like mid esophagus.
Yeah, like super duper back.
Here's like a pretty good question that nobody really wants to address.
Yeah.
You know the tip of your tongue, right?
Yeah.
What is the other end?
Lots of people know the tip of my tongue, if you know what I'm saying.
Yeah, sweet.
Like in a job interview setting?
What's the other end connected to?
Your feet.
No, I mean like it runs all the way down.
Like envision your tongue, right?
Like it's going, imagine you're going on a ride down the back of your throat, right?
You're on your tongue.
Oh God, oh fuck, oh God.
Slow the fuck down, Justin.
You get past the uvula, and then you're just like, what?
What's going on at the back of your tongue?
Yeah, where's the start?
What if it's not connected, but if you think about it too hard,
your tongue falls out.
He just choked to death right there.
Right there in your tongue.
Oh fuck, this is the most excited this podcast has ever made me.
Oh great.
Oh no.
Uh, here's another question.
I received a Bob Ross painting kit.
Wait, you just get, you're giving up on short tongue?
We were afraid of your erection.
I feel like, yeah, actually, Travis, thank you for putting a point on it.
That's exactly what happened.
We don't do enough questions on this show anymore.
My whole thing for 2016 is like, let's do more questions.
Okay, well that's fine.
It's just like the happiest of questions made me in a long time,
but let's just blow, kind of lean over it.
Listen to this part at 1.5 speed.
That was a premium swallow, though.
I received a Bob Ross painting kit for Christmas,
and I've done some paintings.
I would love, by the way, if you're looking for a considerate gift to get me,
P.O. Box 54.
Bob Ross painting kit, as long as it comes with all the required accoutrement.
What a tasteful-
Paint by numbers?
I guess, yes.
Or just like an instructional video.
I like them, and I want to hang them, but is that a little arrogant?
What is acceptable to hang your own mediocre paintings?
That's from Artistically Acute in Arkansas.
If you do this, you have to have permanently attached to your hand
a glass filled with red wine all the time so you can gesture to your art.
Yeah, that shit, that shit was me.
What you're seeing right there is how I see the world beautifully.
That's my mountain.
That's my mountain.
I made it.
That is my mountain wife.
I took all of my experiences throughout my life and the emotions I was feeling that day,
and I committed them to canvas.
I don't know, like, it kind of depends on how the painting was brought, right?
Like if you follow along the video, I think that's fine.
If you were filling in the parts that he told you to fill,
like if it was like Travis said, a paint by numbers or what have you,
like that gets a little dicier for me.
I feel like that is not something you necessarily need to display.
Unless you pitch it as a, oh, this one?
This is a me and Bob collab-o.
I collaborated on this artistic-
That's a Bob Steve original.
Yeah.
Oh, we'll see you eyeballing my art.
He told me to use periwinkle here, and I went with azure.
Went with what?
Azure.
All right.
You added like three syllables.
The color, the color azure?
Yeah, I think it's azure, not azure.
Azure, I think, is the color.
I'm like 900% sure you'd be in a ding-dong right now.
I believe it's azuree.
I think it's azure.
Does your opinion change on this question,
depending on the quality of the finished product?
Azure, azure.
Yeah, that's right, motherfucker.
Azure, azure.
Okay, so just to be clear, in case you've been listening for a long time,
Griffin is now siding with a robot over his breath.
Okay, come on.
The robot's siding with me, if anything.
Azure, azure, azure.
Now make it say dirty words.
Hey, can you make it say, like, make it say butthole?
I don't think, I don't think-
Make it say butthole.
Justin, make it say butthole.
Butthole, butthole.
Yay!
Are you doing it as two different words?
Yeah, it doesn't have butthole together.
Hey, check this out.
That's pretty good.
I found one.
I found one.
Can I try?
Yeah.
Butthole.
That's how they think butthole does.
Butthole.
Any more?
Penis.
Fuck.
Penis, penis, penis, penis, penis, penis, penis, penis.
This is top notch.
This is good jokes right here.
This is gonna be our first charged for episode.
For pay.
Griffin's gonna be editing this and he's gonna be like, it's 30 minutes long.
I had to cut the 20 minutes where they let robots say words.
What was I thinking?
Why did I encourage that?
Hey, listen, I got one coming in hot.
Hold on.
Premium.
Fuck.
Boy.
Yay!
I asked, I actually asked it to say Justin McElroy and that's what it came out with.
That's weird.
I hope that this is a lot of people's first episodes.
Wait, hold on, wait, here's one.
Hello, my name is Derek and I am a premium fuck boy.
Hello, Derek.
Would anyone like some penis tricks?
Some what?
Would anyone like some what?
Penis tricks.
What are those?
Tricks you do with your dinger.
Oh, let's get back on the fucking saddle.
What were we even doing or talking about?
Bob Ross.
I think it's a bad taste.
I don't think you can do it.
I don't make fucking episodes of this podcast my ringtone.
You know what I mean?
Oh, I do.
I play on my podcast for people and I watch them enjoy it.
And then I shush them if they try to talk during it.
Then where do you land on the mounting your own paintings?
I think you have to do it, but in a special room that you invite people and they're like,
oh, are you having a good time?
Thank you for joining me in my home this evening.
Can I show you what I'm really proud of?
And then you throw open the door and it's floor to ceiling your own Bob Rossian paintings.
And you refer to them as your children.
I want to ask you a question, Travis.
Yes?
Because I know you're not joking about making people listen to your podcast.
Especially like really funny parts.
And I have done the same thing with people who like ask you like, what's a podcast or
what's your show like?
So here's my question to you.
When you're forcing someone to listen to a podcast you made, what do you think the
appropriate thing is to do with your eyes?
Both your eyes and their eyes.
Where should everybody be looking for the four minutes that you are listening to your
own podcast?
Because I'll be damned if I can come like you're not looking at the screen.
There's nothing there.
So do you keep eye contact with the person and just sort of like nod slowly?
My go to is to look off in the middle distance.
But kind of like squint a little bit like I'm trying to remember a childhood friend's
name.
Like you're watching a movie based on the things that you're saying somewhere in another
room.
It's like I'm waiting for like some kind of clue or to drop where they'll be like,
oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I love this.
That's what I'm waiting for anybody I'm with to see.
I'm waiting for them to say that.
I think it is bogus that you're trying to justify making other people listen to your
show with you in the room based on like informational its informational value when like if you're
a chef and you're like, oh, I make pie for a living and somebody's like, I don't know
what's a pie.
I don't know what pie is.
You don't have to be like, well, I guess I have to cook a pie now because I'm a genie
and you said my code word.
Would there be a human being alive, Griffin, that if you sat them down and said, watch
me, I'm a professional pie maker, watch me make this pie for you, that they'd be like,
oh, God, I hate those.
Well, no, because pies add something to society.
While podcasts, I would say, if anything, detract.
Detract, yeah.
It's also helpful sometimes like if you're getting near a really funny part and you know
you're about to say a super funny joke.
Oh, here it comes.
Oh, and they talk.
You just stare at the person and if they start to say something like, no, just listen, listen,
listen.
Oh, let me run it back.
You missed.
OK, hold on.
What's weird, Travis, is that you, in real life, because right now this is the digi world,
now that people are downloading and listening to this, they are in this podcast, Us Talking
is now in the digi world.
In real life, you just did this to one of your friends with that text-to-speech part
that just happened.
And you're like, oh, fuck, fuck.
And when you said one of my friends, you mean my wife, which is the only person that will
hang out with me anymore.
Yo, T-Bird, this shit is about to get sick.
They make a robot talk about penis tricks.
You're going to love it.
Please don't interrupt.
Please, please keep it down.
I know you've had a cough, oddly, if you could try and curtail it just a little bit while
the robot says penis tricks.
It's also important to note, if the person talks, you pause it and sigh heavily and then
turn to them and say, I'm sorry, what?
What was it?
This is my art, but I guess that's...
I just thought about hanging a painting that I made up and it made...
Well, OK, here's the thing, actually.
There's this website called Canvas On Demand, and they do these insane canvas print deals
all the time for photos, and Rachel and I have done it.
I think we have three of these nice canvas things that are based on pictures that I've
taken, like some from our honeymoon in Japan and one from our trip to Hong Kong, and we
actually do have those hanging up in the house.
Same principle?
Sounds pretty boring to me.
OK.
I'm sorry, Julie.
I don't know why she said that.
Honest advice time, you can do it, but you just can't be...
Because you can be proud of a thing you make.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Well, I don't fucking...
When people come into the house, I'm not just standing by my canvas.
What if the photo is a tasteful nude?
Like myself?
Uh-huh.
Or someone else?
No, like yourself and you hang it like over the back of your chair.
Justin, you've been quiet for a while.
Are you making that robot say shit?
No, I am not.
I was thinking about whether or not I would have the guts to display a painting of my
own.
Yeah.
Well, can you do me a favor and as you're thinking about it, just save your feelings
like as you're thinking them?
I think art and craft are really two separate things, aren't they?
Damn, that's good.
Well, this is what happens if we let Justin be quiet for a couple of minutes.
He thinks up some really dope shit to say.
Like, think about that for a second.
There's a difference between art and craft, and I don't think...
I think that by displaying art, you're saying...
You're making a statement.
You're making a statement by displaying craft.
You're bragging.
And that's where it separates from me.
It's like when you make a piece of art that comes from some creative place in your soul
and then you put it on display, you're saying like, this is an important thought to me.
This is an important concept.
What's the delineation there for painting?
Because then you could actually get...
Because you're not...
If you're doing something that Bob Ross told you to do, I don't classify that as a work
of art because it's about the craft of how you reenact it.
Now, if you... What if Bob Ross did something that you told him to do?
Is this a genuine Bob Ross?
Yeah, it's a...
You like that shit?
I was like, yo, Bob, my boy, do a snowy caldera.
And he was like, you got it, and he did it.
And he was like, hey, man, I just put paint to canvas.
You're the fucking mind behind this thing.
That would be a collabo.
That's a really good point, actually.
That's a sick collabo.
See, that's what we need to do.
We need to start up a fucking art studio for people who cannot paint.
But we will have painters come in and do just contract work.
Just do me up one of Homer Simpson, but he's pissing on the Ford logo.
And this really good artist is like, you got it.
And then they craft this painting to your specifications, but it's your art.
It's your art.
You did the art.
And then you put your name on it.
Yeah.
The greatest tragedy in the world is that Bob Ross died before I could make him paint
Bart Simpson peeing on a Ford logo.
Homer Simpson.
Calvin.
Well, it's Bart Simpson peeing on Homer Simpson who's peeing on Calvin who's peeing on the
Ford logo all the way down.
It's like a fountain.
Hey, guys, listen.
We've talked for long enough.
Let's go to the Money's Own New Choice Bits of Beefsteak.
Okay.
That's my assistant, Richard.
You need to have an HR discussion with her.
I feel very uncomfortable in the workplace.
Yeah, it seems really-
I'm sorry, were you podcasting?
Yes, Bridget, I told you I was.
Please get out of my office.
Hey there, Bridget.
What a smooth and sexy voice you have.
Bridget, baby, are you still there?
Talk to me, stud rocket.
ASL.
Should I leave?
Yes.
It's about to get strange.
All right, let's go to the Money's Own.
No.
Okay.
I'm almost finished.
He's become sentient.
I'm almost finished.
I'm almost finished.
I'm almost finished.
I'm almost finished.
Here we go.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, damn.
I done flooded my basement.
I done flooded my basement?
What?
I had an O.
Guys, listen, it's time to get serious, okay?
Welcome to Money's Own.
My brother, my brother, and me is brought to you in part by Squarespace,
the all-in-one website platform.
Squarespace sites look professionally designed regardless of your skill level.
With no coding required, you can start your free trial site today
with no credit card required at squarespace.com.
Use the offer code MYBROTHER, all one word, to get 10% off of your first purchase.
Squarespace, build it beautiful.
I used Squarespace to start up my Shrek porn site.
Man, I really don't understand computers.
I don't either.
What are they into these days?
Squarespace, MYBROTHER is the code.
You get 10% off your first purchase.
Listen to the robots.
If you would like to see the kind of thing you can do on squarespace.com,
I recommend checking out McElroyShows.com, a website I made that'll give you links
to all the McElroy projects and Twitter accounts and Facebook.
Thank you for putting Griffin's and me both corner on there.
You're welcome.
I appreciate it.
Let me tell you about Bowling Branch.
Use your human, use your meat voice.
I have been, it is a luxurious place for bedding.
Well, it's a place for luxurious bedding.
I don't know if it's probably a warehouse.
You mean bedding like mad, like sleep bedding, not like bedding on the ponies.
Yeah, bet on the luxurious ponies.
Bowling Branch, the sleeping ponies.
Now there, it's the sheets are fantastic.
I mean, like, I don't know what else to say other than I was,
I've like bought lots of sheets trying to find something that feels like they do
when you get into them at a hotel and they're all cool and smooth.
And Bowling Branch like does it and it's fantastic.
And they're, they're luxurious sheets for a couple hundred bucks.
Like we've been sleeping on our Bowling Branch sheets for the last couple of weeks.
They're great, right?
It's, they just keep getting more comfortable.
Like it's like breaking in a great pair of shoes.
And you know what they do is they get quality, quality cotton.
They don't worry about thread count because thread count is a myth.
That's not a thing.
It doesn't actually affect how soft and comfortable the sheets are.
That's the quality of the cotton and they get really, really good cotton.
And they don't just have sheets, they got towels, they've got blankets,
they've got duvet covers, everything you need to live a comfortable life.
Go online, go to bowl and that's B-O-L-L and branch.com today.
And you'll get 20% off your first order plus free shipping.
She's a promo code, my brother, you get 20% off your entire order and free shipping.
It's sick.
I got a message for Mitch.
This one's from David.
If you want to get a message on the show, just go to maximumfun.org.jumbotron.
It's really easy.
This message is for Mitch though.
And it's from David.
David says, dear Mitch, happy late, late, late birthday.
Thank you for being there and putting up with me.
You're the best girlfriend ever.
And although, and it says I have to read this in my wizard swear's voice from episode 251.
This ladder goes in six directions.
It always ends up pointing at your heart.
All my love, Dave's.
Perfect.
Griffin?
I don't remember if I did that right or not.
No, I think you nailed it.
You nailed it.
Can I read this next one?
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, because I love it.
This message is for Ryan Brent.
And his message is from Ed Bury.
And Ed Bury says anything that includes happy birthday and for real, real, not for play, play.
So a lot of like lenience there.
Yeah, whatever you guys want to do.
Listen, I'm not the creative one here.
Ed Bury understands that he doesn't have a podcast.
He's not the one people are tuning in.
He wants us to do a little bit of that voodoo that we do.
So I could do a whole fucking diatribe about how when I was a little kid,
I thought that the lady dragon from Shrek was really sexy.
But then it's somewhere in there.
As long as they say happy birthday for real, real, not for play, play,
then it would have satisfied this person's demands,
much like that lady dragon satisfied my confused teenage demands.
I enjoy the conceit that like your attraction to the lady dragon from Shrek is like
something we wouldn't normally hit on the show.
My Brother, My Brother and Me is really a forum for a discussion like that.
Not for those sorts of ideas.
Thankfully, Ed Bury opened that door and said,
Griffin, the next five minutes is all yours off the clock, free of charge.
I've been waiting for a fucking wild card opportunity like this for years,
and you guys have just never left the door open.
Yes, the scales are nice.
Thank you to Mitch and David for giving us a little bit more boundaries
so I don't have to hear about Griffin's.
Oh, this is a mistake that nobody else is ever going to make.
Yeah, you've made the mistake here.
Now we all have to live in this mess.
It's she's just very big and I think could swallow me probably pretty easily.
Hi, I'm Sydney McElroy.
And I'm Riley Smyrl.
And we co-host a podcast called Still Buffering,
a sister's guide to teens through the 80s.
On our show, we tackle all of the hot teen topics that kids have on their minds today.
Hot teen topics?
Well, you know, the questions that are that are plaguing teenagers
through their tumultuous growing years.
Questions like, how do I party?
Or what do I do with all this hair everywhere?
The same questions that people like Sydney had during their years as teenagers.
Many, many, many.
Okay, not that many.
So, so long ago.
Yeah, okay, I think they get the idea.
So search for Still Buffering on iTunes or MaximumFun.org
for new episodes every Tuesday.
Still Buffering.
I am a teenager.
And I was too.
Do you guys want a yahoo?
Hard drive's filling up.
So we need another yahoo.
Yeah, this yahoo was sent in by Morgan Davey.
Thank you, Morgan.
It's by an anonymous yahoo user.
Ooh.
Okay.
Who could it be?
Could it be the president?
Could it be, I don't know, somebody else?
I ran out of people after the president.
Quick update, snow is still falling at just an alarming rate.
Just really bad.
Really bad.
This anonymous user, let's call him, let's just call him who they are.
Craig.
T. Nelson from Coach.
T. Nelson.
Sorry that your revival of Coach didn't work out, Craig.
Craig, Mr. T. Nelson asks,
is being popular in high school a good skill I can use in a job interview?
Oh, yeah.
Like, one of my best skills was being popular in high school.
Everyone loved being around me and wanted my attention,
so I think I do great in sales in that regard.
Also, I coached the big team.
The big, the big, was it football?
Uh, excuse me, I'm going over your resume here.
It says you coached the big team.
That can't be right.
What, did he do-
It says here you were a super cool dude?
Did he do football or basketball in the television show, Coach?
Are you talking about Coach?
Yeah.
I believe he did the football.
Him and Goonther?
That's not his name, is it?
That's from friends.
We'll probably never know.
Can you be like, I was well liked, so you need me.
I do great in sales in that regard.
I dated all the cheerleaders.
And also was them.
Please let me sell your cars.
I was in a horrific lab accident in high school,
and I became all of the students all at once.
I sort of lost my physical tangible form,
and became sort of just like a nightmare
they all had every night.
But it made me, it did make me very popular.
I was, you could say I was literally on their minds.
Like-
I was kind of a hive mind in high school.
I was on the speech and debate team,
and the football team, and tennis,
and I was a lunch lady and a janitor.
I was Jared from The Pretender when I was in high school,
and I did every job and was every student.
And everybody liked me and was in love with me,
and some thought I was a woman,
and a few thought I was a trash can,
because I was very good at pretending to be a trash can.
I was very good, very convincing.
I was this underground lake of shape-shifting slime
that was below the school,
and at night I would come back
and just sort of repopulate the school,
filling up all of the positions.
Let me show you this yearbook real quick.
That's me, that's me, if you wouldn't know it, that's me.
And the yearbook, the yearbook is made of slime,
and is also part of me.
Anyway, I think I would do great in cells.
Can I sells your cars, please?
Let me ask you this.
Can you try this strategy in a job interview
if you're a hyper-permissive parent
that let high school kids have parties at your house?
Like, listen, let's just, let me just put it this way.
I know a few teens.
I know where they hang out, and it's my house.
I'm pretty plugged in to what teenagers are into.
If you're, oh my God.
Oh my God.
If you had hyper-permissive parents in high school,
if you ever went to somebody's party where it's like,
I don't know, yeah, Dylan's parents
let us have cool, crazy parties at our house constantly.
What if their parents were market researchers?
Like, when you went to the party,
did you ever see like new gadgets
or perhaps a new formulation of breakfast cereal?
Did you have to sign an NDA?
Like, were the boxes unlabeled
and they just had like A, B, and C written on them?
What the fuck?
This Coca-Cola tastes like vanilla.
Yeah, that's strange.
But what did you think about the vanilla Coca-Cola?
Would you tell a friend about it?
Would you tell 10 friends about it?
Would it trend?
Bryce?
Can you fill this form out, please?
Have a great time.
Hi, I'm not Dylan's dad, Bri-boy.
Bri-bri.
Bri-bri.
I'm Bri-bri.
I'm not Dylan's dad.
That's the important thing.
What do you think of the music we're listening to right now?
Is this-
How does this-
Does this make you-
If you were listening to this in a store,
would it make you very compelled to buy something?
Compelled to buy something?
So-so?
Not compelled to buy something?
Or very not compelled to buy something?
Man, these red walls are pretty cool, huh?
What do you think of this color?
Do you think that this color is intriguing?
How does it make you feel?
Make you feel warm or scared?
How long has the pepper spray
that I sprayed in your eyes been burning?
And how much longer do you think it would be burning?
Would this-
I'll let you out of here
as soon as you tell me what I want to know.
Can you escape from the handcuffs?
Are they too tight?
Not tight enough.
I'd like you to meet my friend, Teddy Cruz.
We can just keep his last name Cruz
because it sounds like cool.
This is my friend, Teddy Cruz.
Hey, what's up?
Do I seem affable?
Would you want to get a drink with me?
The only way that this works
is if you roll into the job interview
and do like a sweet kick flip on your skateboard, I guess.
I think everybody's on those rolly boards now.
Okay, you roll in on your rolly boards.
What's a rolly board?
You know a rolly board.
Like the hover.
They're not hover boards,
but everybody calls them that
even though they're not that for sure.
By definition, not that.
But then you roll in, you do a kick flip,
it explodes underneath you and you get the job.
I would give that person a job instantly.
Are you kidding me?
That'd be the fucking sweetest thing
I've ever seen in my life.
What if the person-
Okay, this is-
I was going to just claim this idea as my own,
but a game recognized game, Rachel Rosen.
This one is Yahoo Answers user bisexual response.
Really just putting a fine point on it.
Bisexual says,
no, being popular is not a good skill.
It's not a skill at all.
What if the person interviewing you was bullied in school?
What if they were the loser that everyone hated?
Fuck.
Well, then bullying is the skill you'd have to use.
Give me the job, Derek.
Okay.
I'm going to pull out your wiener and show it to the whole office.
No, please, please.
I want six figures.
I'm going to pull out your little boy pee pee
and show it to everybody in the office.
And I'm going to walk you around,
make sure everyone gets a good look at your little wieners.
You can tell-
Is this your family?
Is this a picture of your family?
They're beautiful.
You should be very proud.
You should be proud of this beautiful family you made
with your little wieners.
Wieners.
You fucking overturn a toilet and dump it on him.
I never bullied anybody, so you can tell, like,
I don't know how to do it.
I'll bring the swirly to you.
The lovely suit.
It would be a shame for anything to happen to it.
Justin, you want to read another question?
I would love to.
More questions in 2016.
That's my thing.
I had to console my kindergartners today
when they found out George Washington died.
Rule of threes, man.
Next week, we're studying Abraham Lincoln.
How can I make next week's topic less traumatizing?
Especially when little Billy said,
just as long as Abraham Lincoln's fine.
Washington I could deal with, okay?
I get it.
He was old as fuck, but Lenko?
Let me finish the question.
That's from Bearer of Bad News in California.
Thank you.
Okay, now do your little jokes.
It is kind of a shame that you would have to spend
the whole class period building up
how awesome George Washington was,
and it's always going to end with,
then he died.
He was a super cool dude who did a lot of awesome stuff.
He's dead.
He was pretty sick.
Yeah, you know how he died of bloodletting?
Really?
You guys are like, we did it to him.
He had pneumonia and they put leeches on him.
They leave that out of Hamilton.
Yeah, that would be great.
One last ride.
Anyway, I'm going to go to the doctor.
We'll catch you guys on the Flippy Dip.
I don't think it will be any problem at all.
It should be pretty intense.
Right back, and then we're going to that new hand place
at 630, right?
Tight, tight, tight.
Meet you there.
Anyway, hey, yo, doc, what's up?
And then I've got a plan for universal health care.
I'll tell you guys, we're the third page
of the Declaration of Independence is buried.
And I tell you guys, I got this great plan.
It's called getting rid of slavery right now in 1770,
whatever, BRB.
Cool, cool, cool.
Listen, I'm halfway done signing the executive order,
but I got the carpal tunnel.
So I'm going to take a quick physician break
and then I'll get back to signing in the executive order
to end slavery.
I'll just put that Washington on there.
Oh, that's rough.
You got to lie to him.
And then he ascended.
Well, no, not that.
Just like, he's still around.
Wait, how is that better?
I mean, he's watching us all to this day.
Abraham Lincoln, one of our bravest, our most decisive,
and also our most secretive president.
Whereas he today, nobody knows.
No, that's horse apples because there's seven billion people
on Earth now.
In your lifetime, you meet like, what, like 100?
And then Abe Lincoln, statistically,
probably is not going to be one of those.
It's like Bigfoot.
The story is, the story you give them is this.
Abraham Lincoln was watching a play.
He got shot in the head by John Wilkes Booth.
No, he missed.
Three days later, no, he got better.
And he's like, well, I'm not going to do this again.
Fuck this shit.
Fuck this.
I'm out.
Did you see that shit?
I got shot by it, dude.
I got shot in the head.
Like, I have to go.
I don't want to be around anymore.
Somebody else can be president.
Where are you going to go?
I'm going to go plant apple trees across this great nation
of ours.
And I'm going to just travel, see the world.
And that's the story of The Pretender.
I'm going to go start an anonymous.
I'm going to go start an anonymous.
Let stupid Andrew Johnson be president for a while.
Let people take pot shots at him.
This is not-
Who?
I'm sorry, who?
Andrew Johnson?
Our 17th president?
Is that a real guy?
Wow.
Maybe Andrew Johnson's our most secretive president.
I can-
Do you want me to skip ahead to Grant?
I'll skip to Grant.
I think I only know Washington, Lincoln, Andrew Jackson, Garfield.
Yeah, I know of JFK.
Travis, don't stop.
There's all the presidents to go.
Isn't JFK when you are playing wow when you have to leave the room?
Stop it.
JFK, bio break.
Bio break.
I'm watching JFK on Netflix.
Be right back.
Gotta find out who this dude is, JFK.
Hey guys, we can start the raid back and to the left.
Solid.
I don't know my presidents.
Who did you think-
What do you think happened after Abe Lincoln got his-
Got-
They took some time off?
No, I'm saying-
Okay, but like, who do you think followed him?
I mean, I know it was the next president.
But like, how do you follow up Lincoln and everybody's like, you're just as good?
I think you're destined to be forgotten if you're the guy after Lincoln.
That's a good point.
Tell me anything about-
Please tell me about this Andrew Johnson guy, please.
Anything?
He got probably a pretty surprising telegram one day.
Okay.
I never thought it would happen to me.
He was at-
He was just in a mall with all of his friends and his dad just finished saying,
Andrew Johnson, you'll never amount to anything.
You've got to get serious.
And Andrew Johnson was all at the mall with his friends and he was at the Panda Express
and he's like, I don't have to listen to him.
What's the worst that could happen?
And then he gets a telegram saying, you're president of the United States.
So him and his bodyguard Sinbad went to DC and they started running the country,
but they started running it how a kid would.
So it's like, not the kid's style.
It's like, everybody gets free hot dogs.
And he filled the Oval Office pool with marshmallows and stuff and he made it.
And some of his stuffy cabinet members, he made them all wear sunglasses and
say executive orders like, what's up, dude? And things like that.
And that's how Andrew Johnson, kid president, got his start.
He was a way better president than Lincoln.
Yeah, he was a really cool president, people don't remember.
And that is-
And how long was he president?
Until he was impeached, I think.
By which they mean they put him in a big vat of pizzas.
No, I mean he was impeached.
Oh no.
Oh no, what happened?
Don't tell your kindergartners that.
That's going to really bum them out.
Lincoln's dead, but I think Johnson got impeached.
What? After he did that cool thing with the shades?
Wait, no, he was not impeached.
Not on me.
No, don't like fucking cast dispersions.
You're the one who told me about his marshmallow pool.
What are you worried about factually after-
Yeah, but they didn't impeach him.
They learned like, listen, we've been too serious about everything.
We really need to loosen it up.
He impeached himself because he knew that was the right thing to do for the country.
He was the only other president to be impeached other than Bill Clinton.
Is that real?
No.
Someday somebody's going to write a fucking musical about how fucking wrong you guys are
about Andrew Johnson right now.
Called Not Without My Johnson.
Stop!
How could this happen?
Yeah, he didn't do a good job.
In his defense, in Andrew Johnson's defense, he probably didn't think history would remember.
And by the way, if Andrew Johnson's whole fucking scam was like,
I'm actually going to live super high on the hog and like get crazy and buckwild constantly
and steal from America and do whatever I want and have sex with lots of broads and guys,
whatever, I don't care because history will not remember.
And then my middle brother was like, Andrew who?
I think his plan worked out perfect.
Somewhere he dropped his shades and went, exactly.
Exactly.
That would be an amazing, now that I think about it, that would be an amazing musical.
That'd be an amazing-
Andrew Johnson's day off.
Andrew, please fucking govern the country.
Nah, I'm going to go bust a nut.
Andrew, please God, do anything.
Our nation is being torn apart right now.
Nah, nah, nah.
Nah, nah, nah, nah.
Nah, passing it in bonbons.
Even those bonbons are stuffed with money.
It's all about the Johnsons, babe.
You don't have a currency named after you.
Nah.
It's the $18 bill.
Not yet.
Have you been taking bribes?
Yes.
And peyote.
You guys want to know the dirty shit he did?
You ready?
Yes.
Get your ears ready because this shit's dirty.
Call Danielle Steele because it's about to get ribbled in here.
The House's primary charge against Johnson was the violation of the Tenure of Office Act
passed by Congress the previous year.
Specifically, he had removed Edwin M. Stanton, the Secretary of War,
whom the Tenure of Office Act was largely designed to protect, from office
and replaced it with General Ulysses S. Grant.
So he booted a dude.
He booted a dude who had a law made that you couldn't boot him.
How bad was he at his job that his friends had to pass a law to protect him?
I know you dudes are gonna have to impeach me, but like, I gotta do what I gotta do.
I gotta get this fool out of office.
He's the only one who knows my secrets.
I gotta bust my nut.
If that guy walked into the Oval Office like,
President Johnson, what are you doing?
You're out of here, war general guy.
Can I suggest a sub-podcast, like a new podcast series,
where we just go like, it's only like 40 episodes long.
We just get every president, his like, dude.
So no, you cannot hide from our ever-watchful eye.
Like, I want to get all the presidents.
Look at you, Polk.
But you know what? I'm sorry.
I've seen Hamilton twice, and you'll never convince me he wasn't our best president.
Oh, fuck.
That's the end of the show.
Thank you so much for listening to it.
I hope you had fun.
We have two new, very exciting projects to tell you about.
On Tuesday, which is tomorrow, you're gonna get two new podcasts.
One is called Still Buffering.
That's my wife, Sydney, and my sister-in-law, Riley, who is a teenager.
And talking about, like, how it was being a teen when they were growing up.
And how it is now for teenagers.
I learned a lot.
Like, it made me feel kind of old, but also kind of plugged in.
Because I wasn't aware that, like, Sydney mentioned bringing,
on the first episode, Sydney mentioned bringing, like, a folder of CDs to a party.
And Riley was, like, in terror at that idea.
I was like, oh my god, I guess it is kind of whack.
I didn't even really think about it.
But that's called Still Buffering.
And that's on Tuesday.
Trav, do you want to tell them about the other show that will normally be on Fridays,
but will also have its first episode on Tuesday?
Yeah, we're launching a show called Schmanners.
It's me and my wife, Theresa McElroy, talking about etiquette and manners in the modern age.
And some stuff that may seem old-fashioned and a little archaic.
But I think it still applies in the modern world.
And that's kind of our hypothesis.
So our first episode is dealing with thank you notes.
And our second episode is all about table manners.
The first episode is coming out Tuesday, so tomorrow.
And the second one will be on Friday.
So you'll get a double dose this first week.
And then after that, every episode will be up on Friday.
I'm really looking forward to it.
My wife is, like, really, really good at this and knows way more about manners and etiquette than I do.
And I make no claim to know anything about them.
And if you want to find out more about it or just find links to, like, check out the promos,
I'm going to remind you.
McElroyShows.com has links to all of our projects, including the video projects.
So you can find all the My Brother, My Brother, and Me videos.
The Monster Factory videos.
Griffin's Amiibo Corner.
Thank you.
There's a new one up, by the way, if you haven't seen it, of Yoshi.
Ooh!
New Yoshi.
And maybe some other stuff you didn't already know about.
And there's links to all the Twitter accounts and Facebook groups and everything.
Go check it out.
And Rachel and I have a podcast called Rose Buddies.
We talk about The Bachelor.
It's pretty good.
And I'm going to get it in a podcast feed before this episode goes up.
There, I've said.
I threw my hat over the fence.
I also want to say I got the new P.O. Box set up.
Oh, nice.
Yeah, it's P.O. Box 909, Van Nuys, California, 91408.
And I want to thank everybody who sent stuff already.
We got a bunch of presents in the old P.O. Box.
So thanks everybody who sent something.
I want to say a special thank you to Stuart Wellington, who sent me some immune boosters
and a first aid kit because I have announced that should I die, Stuart has to take over
for me until death do us part.
And he's trying to keep me alive as long as he can.
And should Abraham Lincoln die, I will take over as the nation's chillest dude.
Thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
You can find it on iTunes.
You can find it on Amazon.
You can find it wherever music is sold.
Suncoast?
Is that still a thing?
Suncoast, maybe?
Sam Goody?
You could probably just buy a Sam Goody at this point.
Yeah, sure.
And then just keep all the Long Winters albums you find there.
And did we say the other max-
God, Sam Goody's been out of business for a decade.
Oh my god.
Did we say to listen to the other max fun shows?
Do that.
Yeah, go listen to the other max fun shows.
Stop podcasting yourself, Jordan Jesse Goh, Throwing Shade.
So many amazing shows all on the network.
Just go to maximumfun.org.
You'll find them all there.
All right, that's it.
Yep, Final Yahoo, sent in by Level 9000 Yajur, Drew at Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yajur Answers user Cole who asks,
are all Power Rangers episodes swearless or do some have swearing for my kids?
God, I wish.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's fucking morphin' time.
This has been my brother, my brother, and me.
Kiss your dad, scratch the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hello, internet.
I'm Travis McElroy.
And I'm Theresa McElroy.
She is my wife.
And he's my husband.
And it is our pleasure to introduce to you a brand new podcast.
Shmanners.
It's extraordinary etiquette.
For ordinary occasions.
Theresa, let me ask you this.
Can you teach me how to write a thank you note?
Yes, I can.
How about tips to improve my table manners?
I'll do my best.
And will you finally explain to me the difference between casual and business casual
and cocktail and formal and black tie and all that stuff?
If anybody can, I can.
But like, it's going to be funny, right?
Of course.
I'm going to give historical origins and how those manners fit into our everyday lives.
How could it not be funny?
But also sometimes we'll talk about like burps and farts, right?
Yeah, when not to.
But we'll still talk about it.
Yes.
Great.
So come join us for our new hilarious show.
No RSVP required.
Coming to you soon every Friday on Maximumfun.org.
It's Shmanners.
Manners, Shmanners.
Get it?
