The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother, my brother, and me, an advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy.
I'm your babiest baby brother Griffin McElroy.
It's Summertime!
Billy Stewart of course with that version of Summertime. It was me
in my Billy Stewart impersonation, but Island Boy rises right now. I'm on that island time.
The Island Boy returns.
Some people just want to watch the world sunburn.
Yeah, he's not the boy we want, and that's the end of the sentence.
Island Boy has returned to you. I'm continuing my tour of the
islands of the southeastern United States. I have fully sown my seeds of party throughout
Tybee Island, and Georgia's Tybee Island. I've moved on to Pawleys Island, South Carolina,
and I am here, uh, just living. Is that Island Boy?
My island phone's going off. One second. Hello?
Hi, it's, uh, wow, it sounds like I'm talking to you on two coconuts that are just kind of
stapled together. Is that true?
That's right. Go for Island Boy.
Hi, Island Boy. This is Pawley. Um, just, I heard you're staying on my island this weekend
and this week, and I hope you have just a great time. Be careful of those jelly sharks,
and just wanted to ask you, did do want to ask you to please just stop sowing your seed
all around my island. That'd be terrific, thanks. I would hate to remove you from the island.
I, uh, I can't help it.
By the way, is Pawley Jimmy Stewart's brother?
Yeah, it's me, Jimmy Pawley, and I own an island, and it's covered in cum.
And I'm calling you specifically about the cum, Clarence.
I, uh, I, uh, have been living that island lifestyle so deep. You know me, right? I get
here first things first. I jump right into the ocean to just start to renew and replenish,
and then I got stung by a jellyfish, and then I came back in, and that was about 10 minutes of
good, just like good, solid ocean time I've had since I've been here.
Have you been visited? Have you been visited by the Sunshine Man?
Uh, he is, he has kissed, his sweet solar kisses all over my body, uh, and by which,
I mean, the very tops of my shoulder blades that got, that could be, uh, reached by the sun
through my, uh, chair with a built-in umbrella.
Okay.
So that, that's, none of that's a joke.
Hey, has Cra, has Crabbington come around these parts in a bit?
Uh, what?
Crabbington? I'm, I'm starting to sort of develop out the island boy fiction. I'm
imagining sort of a Gullah Gullah Island situation.
Sure, yeah.
Is Crabbington like the Alfred of this scenario, where he is a fairly large,
but not quite man-sized crab?
I think he's just a small crab, and he wants to steal your snacks from your beach picnic.
Oh, Crabbington's like the Swiper.
Yeah, Swiper, no swiping.
I was just picturing Crabbington with like, maybe like a, uh, uh, uh, like a,
one of those Jimmy Buffett beers in each claw.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Bringing it out to you, and maybe one's for you and one's for him after a long day of
crabbing around.
Okay, so sort of a, sort of a party crap.
Oh, and that is, that is, by the way, his catchphrase, just crabbing around.
All right, very, very lucrative.
I want to tell you, I had an island boy adventure this morning I want to share with you guys.
I, uh, went, I went out for, I threw on my sneaks and went out for my run,
because I got to keep my couch to 5k streak going.
Getting camera ready for this September.
Should I be doing that?
Oh, I've been going the other way.
I've been eating a lot more fried chicken to bulk up.
Wait, am I doing this wrong?
I'm trying to get camera ready, so I went out on the beach, because what better place
for a run than the beach?
One thing I do have to note, it's very hard to run on sand.
Yeah.
So after I did, I ran about, um, a mile and a half, and I felt like I was going to die
there, so I decided to come back.
And as I came back, I realized that I did not pay very close attention to what the back
of this beach house looked like.
Uh oh.
Oopsie daisy.
So, fucking island boy had a little adventure of his own, where he was just slogging through
sand, half dead, up to like the back doors of houses, trying to peer in there to see
if this is the place he would stay.
Oh no, island boy was arrested this week.
Who's that, who's that at the back door?
Oh, it's just island boy.
Come to give us some of that good news.
Long story short, I had to use Google Maps to navigate back to my house on the beach.
Island boy.
You would survive well in the apocalypse, Justin.
Island boy, I thought you had a strict no tech rule when you were out enjoying the ocean's
bounties.
Well, solar powered only.
That's the one thing about it, is that they have to be solar powered.
Solar phone.
The only kind of phone I-B uses.
Let me juice that up for you, I-B.
Thanks, sunshine man.
Do you want some of these drugs?
No, sunshine man.
Tell me some of that good news.
Okay, I'm gonna go now, sunshine man.
I'm a little uncomfortable.
Please stop kissing my shoulders, sunshine man.
You're tan now, I can see those freckies.
Okay, I'm gonna go be with my family now, sunshine man.
I have to go.
Please move away from the door.
You got a few unfreckled bits left.
Okay, I guess I can stay for a couple more minutes.
Hate this, you're ruining that island boy style.
How did you feel about Crab-
Let's do a quick focus test.
How did you feel about Sunshine Man and Cravington, the new characters introduced
from the island boy canon?
I liked the gritty reboot of Sunshine Man.
Yeah, did you-
Sorry, my phone broke up.
Did you say shitty reboot?
Yes.
I like the original Sunshine Man when it's Frank Gorshin.
He was the way better Sunshine Man.
They switched them and you thought they wouldn't notice.
Let's do some advice maybe.
I'm faced with a bit of a dilemma.
I have two daughters, 12 and 15, and for their entire lives, I've been doing my utmost
to convince them that unicorns are real and that they live in a secret reserve in Florida.
I approve.
It's been getting progressively harder as they get older, but they still love me.
It's been getting progressively harder as they get older, but they still believe and
they often get into arguments with their friends on the issue.
They already know about Santa and the Tooth Fairy.
I want to keep their childhood as magical as possible.
So my question is this.
Do I maintain this facade of a unicorn laying earth in their eyes until they grow up and
go out into the world on their own?
Or do I break the news to them now and hope that I haven't done irreparable damage already?
And that's for Hunting for Magic in Huntington, England.
Huntington, Huntington, England, not West Virginia.
Sorry.
So the location here is actually extremely helpful.
Because I think if you live in England, you are allowed to say anything lives in Florida
because you'll never you'll never get like who in England is like got to get to Florida.
Yeah, Florida has swimming tiny dinosaurs in it.
So why the fuck would there be unicorns?
Yeah, here's a here's a new character working on.
It's called British person that's been obsessed with going to Disney World their
entire life and finally gets to go.
All right.
God blimey, Mickey's so big, isn't he?
He's so tall with the little daycaps.
I'm going to spin around.
Can we make this more of a broad character who and apparently this is the episode just
a lot of character work.
But I would love to hear a version of that.
And it's just but it's just a British person just like psyched to just sort of generally
go to Florida.
Yeah, oh, oh, my, there's lots of water taffy down there in there.
Lots of orange.
You know, when you come in the state, they give you free orange juice, don't they?
I feel like you're doing a lot of Eliza Doolittle is very excited to go to Florida.
That does that, Travis.
You jumped ahead in the narrative.
It does parallel Pygmalion in many in many regards.
That's my favorite part of My Fair Lady when they go to Florida for one episode.
That one episode of My Fair Lady where they do the Disney World special and they do a
crossover with Boy Meets World.
Find that haunted tiki doll.
That's my favorite My Fair Lady episode.
Just taking some lessons with My Fair Lady.
My Fair Lady is filmed for a live studio audience.
Yeah, back up the suitcase, Eliza.
We're going to Florida.
What I like about-
Starring Renee Zellweger as Eliza Doolittle.
Now what's up, Florida?
I think that Florida is the perfect place because I live in West Virginia and I would
believe fucking anything you told me about Florida right now.
Anything you told me is down there, I would absolutely believe it.
Island Boys only nemesis, Florida, ma'am.
I don't see.
I think if you're on a different continent, anything goes.
That's that's that's fact that you can't like there's you have plausible European
deniability.
And not only that, this is one of those that like I have known parents and I have known
the children of parents who have been convinced of way like more detrimental things that like
they realized weren't true when they got older or like they hit 20 and they're like,
wait, that's how cars work?
Oh, no, like this is I think there are unicorns in Florida is is in no way a detrimental thing
for someone to believe as long as possible, unless like you have convinced them that those
unicorns will also like save them from any danger or something.
I think that right.
I think it's OK to be like, yeah, there's totally unicorns.
Don't worry about it.
There's magic in the world.
I love you very much.
Please experience life through rose colored glasses for just one day more before you realize
how shitty stuff can be.
I mean, I don't see why we have to say that corns don't exist.
Maybe they because like there's there's quadruped horse like animals with horns on them.
Yes.
And they sometimes they probably only have one.
Listen, there's whole like there's billions of miles of ocean we haven't explored.
Exactly what I keep coming back to, Travis.
Absolutely, for all we know, there's a biosphere down there that like and I'm not even talking
about like ocean, you talk about like land unicorns that have retreated to below the
ocean to be safe from our prying human eyes.
Oh, because, you know, we discover unicorns on a Monday.
By Thursday, we have figured out a way to eat those horns.
Oh, yes, very much.
No question.
We're making corn nuggets and we don't we don't want that.
So I'm saying that I think that there is listen, there's a lot.
Maybe there were unicorns and like everything got real messed up in the dark ages.
And the unicorns like, well, we're going to the moon now.
Maybe one day we'll return when you stop being shitty and stuff.
And they're just I look at us every night from the moon thinking, I hope soon.
Not yet.
I hope soon.
We're running out of oxygen.
Quick thought exercise.
We find unicorns.
They're real.
Yeah, we cut off the horn.
How do you guys think we do eat the horn?
How do you think you eat the horn?
Because I could see the two that immediately leap to mind is slip it onto your finger
and eat it like a bugle.
Or maybe you have to peel that like conical sort of design down.
I thought grated onto nachos.
Sorry?
Grated onto nachos.
Oh, yeah.
Grated onto nachos.
Sure.
That's definitely like a hard cheese, like a so the outside is more of a rind.
Yeah, inside.
OK, I'm into I'm into the bugle idea, but I'd like to do it my preferred way of doing bugles,
which is sort of like a fun little aperitif.
Just get some some stuffed witch fingers, just like get a can of easy cheese and you
put the nozzle in there and you sort of you sort of deposit it directly into the receptacle.
And then you eat the whole kit and caboodle.
Of course, with a unicorn horn, I wouldn't want to just put spray can cheese in there
and also like some sort of cryptozoological thing in there.
So maybe like a maybe just like sort of chupacabra jelly.
Or like a sasquatch cheese.
It's a mammal.
It has nipples.
If I learned anything from Meet the Parents, you can milk it.
Some yeti butter.
Yeti, yeti, yeti sauce.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Sure.
Oh, were we not just doing one?
Oh, yeah.
Oops.
This one was sent in by level 9000.
Yahoo Drew, Drew Devonport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
They are anonymous.
We will call them.
Frankfurt asks, how do I choose between two barbers?
I have two barbers that normally cut my hair, but usually only one is available because
the other is busy.
The last time I went, both were available and I just chose the one who said hi to me
first, but the other one looked sad.
What do I do next time?
Well, there's an obvious answer.
There always is with you.
Well, you need some sort of barber off.
You know that classic scene in Sweeney Todd where they have the shave off and the Sweeney
Todd goes against the flashier guy?
To save the rec center that the big bank is trying to close down?
Yeah, you know that scene in Sweeney Todd where Old Man Carrothers is trying to shut
down the rec center and Sweeney Todd is like, not today, come on teens.
And Sweeney Todd and all the other teens get together to save the rec center and they have
the shave off.
Yeah, I remember that.
And if I remember correctly, there was a little bit of comedic nudity in that scene.
Little bit.
That's a light tasteful comedic nudity.
You know what I would do next time is just get all the barbers.
Tell them you'll pay an exorbitant tip and get all the barbers in the place to work on
you at once and pretend you're in like a montage.
Like a She's All That style or like a Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz, you know, upon their
arrival to the Emerald City.
That kind of vibe.
Yeah, that one.
That's the one.
Could we get them to do sort of pay all the barbers to cut each other's hair in like a
circle and then you just look at who's got the best do out of that whole thing.
And then you have them.
Well, you have the person immediately.
But well, shit, that's the problem.
And and because you'd be like, oh, man, Michael, it's you.
You've got the best haircut.
Oh, wait, who did you?
And a few of the boys are going to raise their hands.
And it's like one of y'all's lying more than one of y'all's lying.
Only one of y'all really cut Michael's hair.
We're going to have to cut Michael into three pieces.
Wisdom of Solomon.
Is this how is this not a reality show?
Or like America's Next Top Barber?
How is this not a thing?
Guarantee 100% it definitely, definitely, definitely is right.
This has to be a thing.
I really like the idea of a barber being sad that you didn't pick them.
Like, oh, I wanted to cut his hair.
I wanted to work for 30 minutes.
We call it Barber, Barber, Barber.
Uh huh.
And the host would be Barbara Bush and Tiki Barber, who I think is a football player.
That is a fucking dynamic, dynamic duo.
Um, guys, sheer, sheer genius.
Ah, there it is.
Sheer genius.
Fuck that.
TM, TM, TM, TM, TM, TM, TM, the Bravo Network.
Oh, I thought you just came up with that whole clause.
I thought that was a Justin McElroy Ridge.
Yeah.
I wish I could cold scope something like that out of nowhere.
No, it's like an exist, an extent Bravo property.
Um, hey, I, how did you all pick your hair person?
I went to Cameron Esposito and Rhea Butcher and I said, who cuts your hair?
Yeah, that's exactly, that's exactly the right answer, Travis.
There's many answers and a lot of them are kind of right.
That's the only undeniably right answer.
And the fun thing is now my barber pony at Folklore Salon here in Los Angeles has a Cameron
Esposito and Rhea Butcher calendar, like promotional calendar.
So every time I get my hair cut, like I'm just like staring at Rhea Butcher like, yep,
that's why I'm here.
You did great.
Great job.
I, uh, I have, usually I'll go to my man, Sonny at Fantastic Sam's, uh, or sorry, my
man, Sonny at Master Cuts up at the mall, but a lot of times I don't have time to go
to the mall.
So I'll go to Fantastic Sam's, which is really a fucking wild west of hair cutting.
I'll just walk in and like throw my arms open.
Like I'm Scott Stab and just be like, who wants, who wants to take it on?
Who wants to ride the tornado with me?
And everybody just rushes.
They pile on each other to get to you.
They want to get their hands in this beautiful, lustrous mane.
I'm actually planning.
Now that's been Sunkissed, can you imagine when I go in there, the fucking stand there,
I'm going to have to call the HPD ahead of time to give them like a heads up.
Or it's going to be like that scene from 300 where everyone's just piling on top of
each other to form a human shield.
Is that a thing that happens in that movie?
Probably.
You could have these two barbers each cut one half of your head and then look at yourself
in the mirror and say, I look ridiculous, but and then you leave and then you become
Riff Raff, the rapper man, Riff Raff.
You become the new Riff Raff.
I'm so terrified of now at almost 33 years old having to find yet another new barber
when I move back to Cincinnati that as part of my like move, I'm already planning to
fly back to Los Angeles whenever I can to do like work stuff.
And I think I'll just schedule all my haircuts while I'm here so that way I can just keep
getting my haircut in Los Angeles.
And even as I say that, it sounds like the bougiest thing I've ever said.
Yeah, it's really rough.
I saw that coming early, you know, like as you launched into it, I thought, oh, this
is going to be pretty bougie.
This is going to be a really bougie thing to say.
Yep, I'm traveling to Los Angeles to get my haircut.
Are you guys using pop filters?
Because when you say douchey, it sounds like you're saying something else.
How about another question?
I live in a building with several other apartments and is this from an apartment?
I live in a building with several other apartments and my neighbors are constantly putting their
own junk mail in my mailbox.
Fucking sap.
Is there a good way to get them to stop?
That's from Nate in New Hampshire.
Everybody okay.
You know who would like this information on moving boxes?
Nate would like information on boxes.
Here you go, Nate.
Yeah, fuck Nate.
That's the question, right?
That's the real question behind the question.
The sub question, the sewer system of this question that allows this question to operate.
What'd you do, Nate?
What Nate doesn't tell you is when he has a full bag of trash, he just throws it in
whatever window is open in his building and just decides he's done with it.
Hey, Nate.
What'd you do, bud?
Cause you did something or else this would not be a coordinated effort.
Yeah, it would be evenly spread out.
But the fact that everybody in the building is like, hey, we can all like, listen, we
call the meeting without Nate here.
We can all agree.
Fuck Nate, right?
Right?
Yeah, yeah, fuck Nate.
No dissenters.
Everyone's on board.
Okay.
What did you do, Nate?
What'd you do, Nate?
Hey, Nate, what'd you do?
What didn't you do?
Oh, that's another good one.
This might be an omission thing where maybe Chris was rolled around and everybody gave
like $20 to like get a present for the super and you had no idea and you didn't chip in
and everybody had to pay for you and everyone's like, Nate hates everyone, including the super
and the super cried a lot.
Cause you know, he seems tough when he's fixing your pipes, but he's a very gentle soul.
And everyone went, I can't believe that he made super Dave cry because that's what they
call the super.
Oh, man.
And so now everyone's just like, Nate is a cruel Ebenezer Scrooge type and I don't trust
him.
Yeah.
And then, and then after Christmas, New Year's Day rolled around and he took the decorations
off his Christmas tree and he just left it in the stairwell.
That's another thing.
Also that, and it caught fire.
Yeah, it caught fire and a whole building burned down.
Stupid Nate.
Nate, I'd like to introduce you to a man named, his name is Burke Plimpton.
And he lives in your, he lives in your building now and there's two sort of defining characteristics.
He's got a big pair of glasses, big nerdy glasses and a big bushy beard.
And he's got the mailbox directly under yours.
And also one more thing you should know about Burke Plimpton is he's you, Nate.
What a great pull, Harvey.
Wait, hold on.
That thing you did there.
Is this like a fight club thing?
He, it's like a new mailbox thing and then Burke Plimpton is going to, is going to, well,
I don't know.
Maybe Burke Plimpton is going to have to be even more of a villain to get this.
They're not going to deliver Nate's mail to Burke Plimpton is the problem.
Well, not at first.
What if, what if Nate reinvents himself as Burke Plimpton beloved, beloved elderly neighbor
and he's just walk around like, I've made too many snickerdoodles.
Would you like some?
And then like, but it sure smells like dog shit in Nate's apartment.
I never met him, but I hate that fucking.
Yeah, he's got to hate Nate.
Yeah.
I think we can all agree.
Fuck Nate, right?
We're just strangers learning each other's likes and dislikes, but I think I get a pretty
strong fuck Nate vibe from you.
And you know what?
I'm on board with it.
I'm going to stuff all of my advertisements for the local grocer in that sad fucker's
mail slot.
Wait, did Burke Plimpton take Nate's apartment or did he rent a second apartment?
I rent a second one.
I mean the first one.
I mean the first one.
It's my only Burke Plimpton pad.
Damn Burke Plimpton's place is better than my place.
I wish I could just live in Burke Plimpton's place.
I wish I was, but everybody likes Burke Plimpton.
I wish I was Burke.
You are Burke Plimpton.
Sometimes I don't even know.
Sometimes I don't know when he begins and I begin.
You know, when I was masquerading as Burke, I met a really sweet lady named Beulah.
She's 70, so she's just six years younger than me, Burke Plimpton.
I think I could have a real shot of happiness with her.
I think we could have really something really special.
Hey Nate, this is me, your wife.
What are you talking about?
Okay, but that has nothing to do with Burke's life.
You're not Burke's wife.
That's Burke's law, baby.
You can't talk to me about Burke's life.
You don't see a ring on this finger.
That's your right hand.
Yeah, that's where the European.
Yeah, Burke's European.
That's the one he puts it on.
God, Beulah would never do me like this.
Him, Burke.
Burke, not me.
Not Nate, never Nate.
Here's one thing you could do.
Go to your box and after you get your mail for that day,
you put a little jelly on it.
And if you put some jelly on your mailbox,
then the next person who comes to stuff junk mail in there,
they're gonna get a big mitt full of the goopy stuff.
And I think that's gonna be a real down part of their day.
Now, issue with this, Justin, is if the next person-
No issue.
The only issue is that I can see is that if the next person
that comes to put the mail in the slot,
if that person is the mailman and they get a big mitt full
of the goopy stuff, you've just assaulted a federal employee
and that's hard time, bud.
That's a federal felony.
Maybe Nate tried this already
and that's why he gets all the junk mail.
It's not his neighbors.
It's just the mailman like,
huh, fuck Nate, right, everybody?
Hey, everybody.
I think we can all agree.
See you at the Christmas party that Nate's never invited to.
I love this Burke Plimpton guy though.
He gets extra good mail.
He gets all of Nate's checks.
Wait, hold on.
And then you have to kill the mailman to keep it covered up.
No one must know your dirty Burke Plimpton secret.
I would suggest getting a trash can,
put it under your mailbox and label it Nate's new mailbox.
Please don't put junk mail in here.
That's good.
It's really good.
Nate mailbox overflow.
Nate's favorite can.
Please don't steal.
Don't steal.
Don't destroy it.
Don't disgrace with junk.
This is Nate's favorite can.
You can put a picture of your face on there
just so people are really into throwing trash at it.
And also maybe shitting in it.
Yeah, maybe they will shit in it.
Another question.
Yahoo, what do you guys want to do?
Yahoo.
How about this one?
It was sent in by Morgan Davey.
Thank you, Morgan.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Another anonymous user.
Fucking stand in your truth, folks.
It's by, I'm going to go down the list.
Kelvin is a respondent to this question.
Let's pretend like they asked it.
Kelvin says, will the dentist be able to tell I smoke weed?
I smoke weed every once in a while.
I'm going to the dental checkup in two days with my mom.
Does dentist know I smoked weed?
Since I am 12, I think if he finds out, he will tell my mom.
Oh, no.
OK, this got more complex about halfway through.
12 is probably too young.
Yeah, 12 is too young for most things.
Yeah, most things.
Most cool things.
So OK, let's establish some of the science.
OK.
Up front.
Does weed?
Yes.
Do you think you can smell like teeth or?
One of the most fun stuff, like the most fun stuff ever.
Teeth are porous, right?
Too porous.
Definitely there's weed smell in there.
But I don't know how confident I, as a dentist, I don't know how confident I would have to be
in that weed tooth smell to look at a 12 year old's mom and say, hey, I think this,
I think this preteens smoking some of the kind.
I think he's been hanging out with the sunshine man.
You know what I mean?
And I think you do.
But if there's one person in this world who knows mouths better than like your dentist
knows your mouth better than like your than your lover.
Yeah, that's for definitely for sure.
Because your dentist is not only like up in it, they're looking so hard at your teeth
and they might even be able to see that you've been smoking weed.
They might just look at your porous ass teeth and be like, there's microscopic weed in here.
Yeah, I see that.
I see little flakes that good of that kind kind.
Have you been smoking?
Oh, Miss, Miss Kelvin, your son has been smoking weed.
What?
Yes.
But the bad news continues.
He's been smoking shitty weed.
It's really bad, bud.
Bad weed.
This is shitty weed.
Have you not talked to your son about good weed versus shitty weed?
Do you want to buy good weed from your dentist?
Because we can make that happen.
Is it possible?
Also, it's just like the teeth are very orange.
It's like this is too many Cheetos for an un-intoxicated 12 year old to consume.
How many crunch wraps did you have?
I don't think the dentist will be confident enough in his diagnosis to bring it up to mom.
I do think, though, that if it was me, like I would work in sneaky ways of hinting to the kid
that I knew because I want this motherfucker to scare.
OK, so how would you do this?
I'd be like, well, we just need to schedule you for a follow up.
Would you be free at 420?
And then the parents would be like, that's not ideal for me
because I would have to pick him up after work and it would conflict.
Yeah, I think Kelvin's probably busy, too.
That's the weed time.
That's the time that all of us get super high as a family.
Oh, OK.
Well, in that case-
All my jokes are ruined.
Thank you, mother.
Yeah, I also think that as a dentist, I doubt that there's a dentist in this world
who, like, if they figured out one of their kid patients was smoking weed,
would not only like want to say something.
I don't think that's a dentist's job at all.
I don't think you take a dentist oath that's like,
and if you figure out that that kid says that, you have to say something.
Like, I don't know that there's a dentist's life who feels obligated.
It's more like, yeah, kids smoke weed.
Well, I'm a dentist.
I don't care.
Like, this doesn't affect me at all.
But if the stink is so overwhelming, that kid just opens up their mouth
and it's just like my first apartment's carpet.
Like, I feel like morally, ethically,
what's the code of do no harm and also narc on your kid patients?
I don't know that dentists have to take that.
No.
The Hippocratic oath.
I don't think they have to do anything.
I think as a dentist-
I have a dentist appointment next week.
I'm going in and I'm being like, did you take the Hippo?
Because I don't want you in my mouth if you're not like prohibited from doing harm
because you could do mad harm in there.
Griffin, I tell you a secret.
I tell you a secret.
They just rent the space.
It comes with the tools and the chairs and the diplomas.
They don't have to worry about anything.
They're all up in there doing as much harm as they want.
Then I'm going into every dentist appointment from now on with a fucking-
with a holy Bible, King James edition.
I'll be like, put your hand on this right now and give me the Hippo
because you're not going to get in my mouth until you give me the Hippo.
I'm going to start doing this-
You should actually be doing that with all doctors.
Yeah, I don't know.
How the fuck do I-
Swear to me.
Swear to me you're not going to kill me.
Like, they save me from the boat accident, but I'm horribly injured
and I'm in the ambulance and I'm like, hold up.
Got a pocket KJV.
Do the Hippo.
No. Sir, you're bleeding a lot.
Do the Hippo.
Do it once.
If you're the kid, just fucking stand in it.
Yes, I did.
I was very stressed about coming to the dentist.
Is that not understandable?
Like, yeah, I was very anxious about this visit.
So, yes, I did.
And also, I listened to the-
Statistically, at this point, if the dentist is like,
did you smoke weed?
Look at him like, did you?
Alright, fair enough.
We're done.
So, I think we should take a quick trip to the money zone.
Tell me how paranoid about the Hippo now.
Do doctors have to do that, like, before they graduate?
Like, they walk on stage to get their diploma and they're like,
all right, here goes.
I solemnly swear to do no harm.
They also have to list off all the doctors before them
that begat what doctors before them all the way back
to the first doctor.
Yeah, it takes a wicked long time.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, whichever one had their white coat.
Yeah, they find out what the name of their white coat is,
and then it goes all the way.
Yeah, they have to take it as part of their, like,
indoctrination ceremony.
Like, when they get there, it's like the-
All right.
The last thing they have to do.
So, they have all done it, theoretically.
All right, but, Dennis, I'm fucking watching y'all.
I want to take a second to talk to you all about Warby Parker.
They support our show, and they're offering
contemporary prescription glasses starting at $95.
Prescription sunglasses start at $175, including lenses.
They make buying glasses online easy, risk-free, and enjoyable.
My wife, Sydney, just needed new glasses,
and we didn't even have, like, a promo or sponsorship
or anything going with them at the moment.
And I said, we got to do Warby Parker.
It's really fun.
You go online, you look through all the different styles,
and then they have this home try-on program
where you order five pairs of glasses,
they ship them to you, you try all the frames on,
and so you actually see what they look like,
and then you buy based on, you know, how they look,
which ones you want.
So, you actually get to give them a shot,
then you ship all the frames back.
Wait, I- Oh, I have- Oh, guys, let me try this on.
Tell me what you think.
And Warby Parker, if you like it, you can keep it.
Your face and Warby Parker glasses, I ship that.
And so do they.
Okay, that's-
Well, hold on.
I think maybe you didn't-
I think maybe let me try it again.
No, no, I'm just going to get through this.
Try all the frames on, get a feel for them,
get feedback from others, and you know what?
They'll actually give you feedback if you tweet at them,
and they'll tell you what they think.
Because ship can have two meanings.
Is that clear?
Go to Warby Parker, that's W-A-R-B-Y-P-A-R-K-E-R.com
slash my brother, and start your risk-free
try-on experience today.
That's Warby Parker dot com slash my brother.
I ship that, and so do they.
So it's pretty much anybody that ships anything, huh, Trav?
Well, no, no, listen.
I'm giving it to Warby Parker.
Okay, because the next sponsor also ships things.
Fuck.
I need you on your best behavior.
I'm going to tell you about Blue Apron, though,
because Blue Apron's really great.
We all use it.
They taught me how to cook and cook some really amazing meals,
including this, I don't know if you guys did the Korean chicken noodle dish
with like those big rice noodles.
Holy shit, it was so good.
Oh, you're missing it.
I'm on vacation, I had to give my Blue Apron away.
Oh, dude, it was so good.
Anyway, for less than 10 bucks a meal, Blue Apron delivers
seasonal recipes along with pre-portioned ingredients
to make delicious home-cooked meals.
I'm talking about stuff like spiced pork burgers with goat cheese
and cucumber corn salad.
Talking about summer vegetable quinoa bowl
with fairy tale eggplants, shishito peppers, and corn.
Talking about chicken tinga tacos with summer squash and tomato salsa.
They're so very, very good.
The ingredients are all, you know, fresh
and they can be flexible depending on what your dietary preferences are.
It's so great.
I adore Blue Apron.
You can check out this week's menu and get your first three meals for free
with free delivery.
Damn it.
By going to blueapron.com slash my brother.
You're gonna love how good it feels and tastes to create incredible home-cooked meals
with Blue Apron, so don't wait.
Blueapron.com slash my brother.
Blue Apron, a better way to cook.
I have a, okay, I'm just gonna put this tagline out there for Blue Apron.
Blue Apron, now you're cooking.
This is the new, this is the new jingle.
This is the new jingle.
This is the new service I provide.
Do you want another shot at Warby Parker since that one was so bad?
I'm not specific to them at all.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, okay.
Glasses half full, but half the price.
I was gonna say that.
That's so good.
But the thing, the problem is that makes it sound like they just ship you one lens
and one glasses leg.
Oh, that's right.
See the world through rose colored glasses.
No, that's nothing.
How about just, just see the world is really good.
Oh, that's pretty good.
Yeah, all right.
Because if you don't have the glasses, you probably aren't seeing the world very good.
Yeah.
I got a Jumbotron message here for Anthony and it's from Jason who says,
happy birthday, buddy.
Hope you enjoy a shout out from your favorite brothers.
We seriously got to play some disc golf while the weather beautiful.
There's no, there's no punctuation, which I fucking adore.
I was reading a New York Times article about how the period is over.
And just like pretty soon, we're all just going to communicate and beautiful,
poetic E.E. Cummings-esque run on sentences like this one.
Happy birthday, buddy.
Hope you enjoy a shout out from your favorite brothers.
We seriously got to play some disc golf while the weather beautiful.
Love it.
And celebration of life and sunshine and summer and summer boy.
And Anthony, you do seriously need to play some disc golf while the weather beautiful.
What the fuck are you waiting for?
What the fuck?
Gather ye, gather ye rose buds and six sling-ins while ye may.
Because fall's a-coming and behind that, it's that dastard winter.
Listen, if there's not a disc golf of the afterlife, I ain't going.
That's all I'm saying.
Who's this message for?
It's for Josh and it's from Jill.
Jill says, Josh, it was just your birthday.
Jill wanted us to wish you a happy birthday.
Here's to another year of love, Hamilton and me undies.
That's from your number one lady, Jill.
And Jill says, I'd love for this to be on the May 2nd episode.
Well, Jill, it's important to want things, Jill.
That's what keeps us going.
But just because you didn't get what you wanted this time
doesn't mean you won't all the time.
Now, I do like that Jill says it was just your birthday,
which speaking in the broad expanse of time is very true.
Compared to like, you know, the prehistoric era
and the time it's taken us to get here from there,
this was just a minute ago.
You know, if the entire world was a calendar,
the entirety of time was a calendar,
we would be in the last 30 seconds before New Year's
and we would have just missed your birthday by like,
I don't know, the time it takes to blink.
We'd still be very late though.
Yeah, still would be a long time
because that's just perspective
and not really a scaling or changing of time.
Welcome to Cosmos.
I'm Travis.
Welcome to the dumb Cosmos.
I'm popular idiot, Travis.
Welcome to Cosmos.
Welcome to the Cosmos episode that explains to me
how you missed important things.
Use this anytime you need to justify being a shitty friend.
I'm Hal Loveland.
I'm Danielle Radford.
I am Michael Eagle.
And we are the hosts of Tights and Fights,
Maximum Fun's newest podcast dedicated to all things wrestling.
We'll be talking about Sasha Banks, the women's revolution,
Sasha Banks, the brand split and Sasha Banks' wigs.
And we'll also be talking about wrestler fashion.
Some wrestlers wear too many clothes.
Some wrestlers don't wear enough clothes at all.
And I'll be doing impressions of all your favorite wrestlers.
New episodes, Thursdays on Maximum Fun
or wherever you get your podcasts.
Oh yeah, dig it.
Tights and Fights podcast, Tights and Fights.
I'm a good boy and I always say my pleases and thank yous.
However, I have never been able to commit to saying thank you.
Seriously.
I always dip my head or say it in a silly voice
and it attracts from the genuine gratefulness
I'm trying to convey.
Brothers, how do you give people the thanks they deserve?
Thank you in advance.
Lots of love, Johnny from England.
I think you read that wrong.
You think you read that wrong, Justin.
I think it should have been like, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you in advance.
This is better.
It's arguably better than the way that I say thank you.
Which is if somebody like somebody,
one of you two like pretend to hold the door for me.
Okay, I'm doing it.
Okay.
What do I say when I do?
After you.
Yeah, I would just be like, thank you.
Like I just kind of, thanks, thank you.
I just kind of whisper it,
just kind of make the moves with my mouth.
Yeah.
But it doesn't, thank you, thanks.
I'm so sad that I know exactly what you're talking about
and I do the exact like where I just can't,
my mouth wants to make the word,
but like my heart is like,
please don't speak to another human being.
Thank you, thanks.
Yeah.
Are you a parcel tongue?
What are you doing?
Harry Potter.
Thank you for holding that door, Harry Potter.
Yeah, this is a, I mean, this is a problem
I think most people suffer from
because otherwise like, hey, thanks.
Like that's not the right way to do it.
Well, here's what the problem is, right?
What are you saying when you say thank you?
Well, you're saying I'm in your debt.
Yeah.
I'm debted to you now.
I mean, I'm a debtor to you.
That's very hard to admit to someone
because you immediately have to make it up to them.
Maybe instead of saying thank you,
you can immediately say what you're going to do
to counterbalance it.
So you will not have any debt.
Like someone holds open the door for you.
You say, I'm falling into your car
and I'll do the same there.
So that way you'll be like, even.
I'm going to hold the door open for your car.
Let's go.
Or maybe you don't have time
and you just say like, now if you ever need anything,
you call me and you hand them like a business card
with just like your name and phone number.
It's like, if you ever need anything, you call me.
Well, on the business card, it just says thank you.
So that way you've like-
Thank you, I've done it.
You win a better one.
It is, okay, what's better?
Thank you, silly voice.
Or someone holds the door and you just go,
hey, thank you.
No, thank you.
This is why hats were invented.
It's because, it's like cowboys,
they didn't fucking thank any man.
No, they didn't say things out loud.
No.
Cause when you do that, you're distracted
and then they gun you.
Gotcha.
Yeah.
What they would just do is just a little tippity do,
a little tip a canoe.
And then that's all that you need.
And I miss that.
Let me pitch this, Griffin.
You're both heading for the door.
They get there first, they open it.
You kind of arch one eyebrow,
tilt your head to the side and do a slight nod
as if to say, you win this one.
Okay.
Like you just acknowledged like,
I would have held the door for you,
but you got here first.
Well played.
See Travis, when you said raise one eyebrow,
I thought you were kind of going like,
what's your angle?
Hey, what are you trying for right now?
What traps have you laid in this building for me?
No, you go.
Well, hold on.
What if they want you to think
that they want you to go first?
Hold on.
Inside there's really treasure
that they want to get to first.
Damn it.
They're all inside my mind.
That's why you just turn around
and walk away from the door.
So if someone gets to the door
and holds the door open for you,
you just go, no, not today.
And you just walk away.
Well, first you stand there
and you try to read their intent.
It's a psychological,
it's that Yomi,
that psychological warfare.
What are you doing, my opponent?
No, not today.
The only way to win against a true Yomi master
who's playing in the Japanese style
is to just turn and walk away
and leave them to their duties and their business.
Griffin, do you have some kind of pop filter on?
Cause when you said yo-yo master,
it sounded weird.
They might also be a yo-yo master.
Yeah.
Can you start following them around
like they owe you a life debt
and now you're bad to them?
And then eventually word would get around
that like, oh, don't do anything nice for him
cause he considers it a life debt
and then he'll like stock your house
and protect you from intruders and what have you.
That's good.
Cause then you can learn true independence
for once in your life, you know?
Cause the world's not going to give you things.
So people shouldn't give you.
Listen, the world is a cruel place
where people are constantly trying to convince us
that there are no unicorns, right?
And so if everyone keeps holding the door open for you,
you'll never learn to hold the door open for yourself.
That's a good point, Travis.
How do you even open doors?
I don't know.
Each one has a different sort of rule set about it.
And it's like, can we just get,
what's the deal with doors?
Can we not just get together on this one?
Some of them go out, some of them go in.
You push, you pull, who even knows anymore?
I saw a car door went up.
Shut up, stop it.
Roman Mars says that if there's a revolving door
and you use the one next to it that isn't revolving,
then you're a monster.
Cause they're so efficient and great.
Can I ask you a question, Justin?
I've been meaning to ask you this for a while.
Why don't you just go do a podcast with Roman Mars?
If he would have me, I would love to get over there.
I have a lot of good ideas for like,
not like this show, but like his show, like smart stuff.
You know what I mean?
Like real thinkers.
Not like, I can't stress this enough.
Like, not like this show, but like smart,
like erudite podcasting.
That's, I feel like my true calling,
where I really feel like my light's under a bushel.
Justin, do you want to do like a weird backdoor pilot
for smart stuff with Justin and Robin right now?
And just like give us a topic you might discuss on smart stuff?
Yeah, like what's the-
I'll give you an example.
And this would be like co-hosted by me and Roman, okay?
So I'll kind of leave blanks for his part.
I can do Roman.
No, I'm just going to leave blanks for his parts, okay?
You don't even want to hear my Roman?
You can try later, but I'm just going to leave blanks for like-
Hey guys, it's me, Roman Mars.
I'm going to steal your brother.
Got him.
Okay.
That's kind of-
Now you just have to high five.
So it'll go something like,
it's kind of, remember, it's like an erudite kind of smart podcast.
Like yeah, yeah.
Like a podcast where you know the host knows the word erudite.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That kind of thing.
So here's kind of what it would go like.
Okay, please.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to Smart Stuff.
I am your host, Justin McElroy.
I'm joined as always today by Roman Mars.
Roman, what smart thing are we discussing today?
Uh-huh.
Oh, I see.
Uh-huh.
Speak on that.
Uh-huh.
Huh.
Now, did it-
Oh, Roman really interrupts you a lot.
Yeah, he's being a real turd.
When's it Justin's time to shine?
Huh.
What?
And then-
Oh.
Well, folks, that's all we have time for on Smart Stuff today.
If someone can get Roman Mars to cut out this bit of the podcast and actually try and fill
in the blanks there, that would be fucking stellar.
So that'll be- but it'll be basically like that.
Yeah, Smart Stuff.
It's like our erudite.
You know what I mean?
Like smart.
Has anyone made a companion podcast called 1% Visible that just fills in the rest of it?
Just think about it.
And it's just like, don't believe a word this guy says.
These are fucking lies.
Look at the sidewalk.
It's just a sidewalk.
Don't worry about it.
It's hosted by Rip Taylor.
It's like, look at all the things you can see.
Buildings are big.
Buildings are so big.
Wait, no, mine was the guy from the B-52s.
I apologize.
I think I got into Fred territory as well there.
And now my favorite recurring bit, chemtrails.
1% Visible would be a very good name for a conspiracy theory podcast.
Yeah.
Look below the iceberg.
It's more iceberg.
You got another one star review on iTunes.
Thanks, Rothschilds.
Rothschilds, on to you.
How about another Yahoo?
Yeah, let's do a quickie.
This one was sent in by Julie Kim.
Thank you, Julie.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
No, I refuse.
I'm going to refreshing.
No, it's asked by Parbamall.
It's a medicine I take for my neck.
It's mostly larbamol.
Yeah, Parbamall asks, how do I get back into the zoo?
He's just passing by and asking you.
He left the zoo accidentally.
A funny story.
I was at the zoo, saw some turtles.
They were doing it.
I looked around to see if there were any kids around.
And when I saw none, I jokingly made some hip thrusting motions
about three or four times.
My friends thought it was funny.
You had to be there, OK?
No, I didn't.
That's funny right now.
That's good for me.
No, you are painting me quite the word picture.
Well, some security guard didn't and threw me and my friends out.
Said not to come back for three months.
Thought it was a bit of an overreaction.
Should I just wait the three months out
or actually go back and say something?
There's a lot of good stuff here.
There's no way that's true.
Not to the degree.
This is like, I think if we could push Parbam here,
I feel like Parbam would be like, OK,
when I said three or four times, maybe I meant like 40 or 50.
Like, it was continuous.
And I humped the security guard himself.
It might have been a half hour of sustained humping motions.
And like, there might have been a lot of kids around.
Yeah, and also I was making like Jack Black sex hand motions.
Like, you know the ones.
And maybe I climbed into the enclosure
and was doing it behind the turtles.
With my dick out.
With my dick out.
Inside, inside.
And maybe like a knife in my hand.
The greatest fiction of this question
is that the sort of person who would make
suggestive hip thrusting motions at turtles having sex
could also simultaneously be the sort of person
that checks to make sure they're not children around
before performing it.
I want to make this hilarious ball and ball.
Yeah, hmm.
Any kids around that want to appreciate my hip sensibilities?
These adult themes I'm about to joke about?
No?
Well, here I go.
The character I like even more in this story
is the security guard who says,
well, looks like you're on a time out
till you can learn not to make sex motions.
Three months.
So November 15th.
I don't want to see you around here till November 15th.
And then you can come back.
Who's this person who's like,
I want to go to the zoo more frequently than every three months.
Well, now it's a thing.
Like when the zoo's there every day
and you can go anytime you never want to.
But as soon as someone says, no, you can't,
that's when you want to go to the zoo.
Yeah, you want to bang out those quarterlies,
but now you can't.
I mean, think about it.
He's going to miss the birth of that baby turtle.
That's what he wants to get back for.
The live birth of the baby turtle.
The live staged birth of the baby turtle
and all the pyrotechnics that encompasses.
Of this mistake and a half shell.
What in what?
Okay, one, I don't think those are
within the powers of security guards.
I don't think they could just hand.
I mean, they can say it,
but like, I don't think security guards
just hand out bans like that.
There's not a master list.
Is there a zoo president who's like,
no more, not for three months.
I saw your dirty deed.
So decreed.
That's, I mean, that's fair.
That's a good point, I guess.
If anybody could ban you from the zoo.
Here's the thing.
I went to the Cincinnati Zoo about a month ago.
I'm pretty sure not a fucker who was there
that they could tell you my name.
Like I wasn't like introducing myself to anybody, right?
They're not checking IDs to bust you.
Just go back to the zoo.
How many, okay.
What zoo has this comedian attended
that has enough security guides?
There's a security guard watching the turtle enclosure.
What are you gonna do over there?
Maybe this is a recurring problem.
He just had enough.
Listen, we know those two turtles like to fuck.
We get it.
The turtles fuck all the time.
We get it.
We cannot keep those two turtles apart.
I know.
That's a hard job to hire for, right?
Because like the job duties involve spraying down
these two turtles with a hose when they get too randy
and too loud, man.
Turtles yell.
Problem is you really gotta be careful
because I think there's like a 1% chance
you will hire some sort of reptilian nasty boy
who loves it, who loves this stuff.
The thing is that both the turtles are guys
and the guard is super conservative.
So it's like, yeah, there's nothing funny about this.
What's happening here.
This is an abomination.
You know, I think it is also a huge misjudgment
of human nature that the sort of person
that makes funny turtles having sex.
I can't, I'm trying to be snide about it.
I cannot think about a person doing this and not laugh.
No, it's good stuff, man.
It's funny.
But I don't think that like, I don't think that you can tell
someone like that that they have to change in three months.
I don't think that you could just like tell the sun
not to shine in that sort of sense
and accept the person to like deny their nature.
This guy's the Lenny Bruce of turtle sex hip motions.
You know, he got dragged out.
He's a martyr now.
He's a hero to like everybody who's ever gone to the zoo
and seen animals doing it.
And they wanted to comment, but they know that like
in our puritanical society, we're too uptight
to acknowledge the fact that like, we're all animals.
You know, we all do it, right?
But this one, and I'll say it, hero.
Like he was willing to be the voice
that we all feel we don't have to say like,
doing it's funny.
I get it.
Doing it's great.
Doing it's great.
That's me.
I'm at the zoo just yelling at the turtles.
Doing it's great.
Is it possible you had a look on your face
that made it seem as though you were pretending
that you were up in there?
That you were, it's just like turtle on turtle on you action.
And you're like kind of having a little bit of a fantasy
right there in the middle of the zoo.
Cause I would probably pay somebody for that.
I get it.
If you didn't commit to the joke enough.
Come back for three months.
Cause I'm retiring in two and a half
and I just don't want to deal with this.
I can't handle this again.
Thank you all so much for listening to our program.
We hope you've had enjoyed yourself
and had a pleasant time here in our company.
Thank you for everybody who pre-ordered
our card game monikers.
You should have that in your hot hands
by the holiday season.
So we're really looking forward to that.
Thank you for your support on that front
because it was really, it was great.
I wanted to say over the last like month or so,
basically as I've been preparing to leave
to move back to Cincinnati,
I've been guesting on a lot of podcasts
that everyone should go check out.
I was just on an episode of join Jesse Goh
that was so much fun to record.
Like we all laugh with headaches from laughing so hard
to go check that out.
Did an episode of Alison Rosen is your new best friend
that I had fun doing.
Did the linoleum knife with Alonzo and Dave
where we talked about movies
and I gave my review of Pete's dragon.
Like that just went up yesterday.
Did less than live with Kate Leth
where we talked about like comic books and stuff.
Yeah, I did a whole bunch.
I'll update travismaccroy.com to have a bunch of links
to all the shows I did, but go check that out.
I also wanted one more plug.
We just changed the format of bunker buddies
to make it a lot more like segments
and trying out products and reviewing like survival food
and that plus the interviews with guests
and I'm a huge fan of our new format.
And so if you've never checked out the show
or if you checked it out and you're like,
this is all right, but maybe it's not for me.
I would love it if you could give it another shot
and check it out and see what you think of the new format
and then let me know what you think of it.
You can find all our shows on mccroyshows.com too.
We got a lot of programs that we make for you.
You can also find a bunch of other great podcasts
on maximumfun.org talking about shows like Jordan,
Jesse Goh, like Travis mentioned,
talking about shows like Can I Pet Your Dog
and One Bad Mother and Baby Geniuses
and Stop Podcasting Yourself.
A bunch of good shows up on there.
I wanna thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a good, good album.
We appreciate them letting us use it for our theme song.
And I wanna thank everybody who sent in questions
for our CISO show that we're making.
We are gonna start making that in September.
We're actually gonna film it and stuff
and do it and make the thing.
And we're so excited about it
and we're gonna have that for you real soon.
And so go get up on CISO.
Oh, Take My Wife just went up on CISO.
That's Cameron and Rhea's show.
It's fucking fantastic.
There's a lot of really, really great stuff on there
that you're really gonna love.
And then we're gonna be on there pretty soon.
So yeah, thanks, thanks for watching.
Thanks CISO.
And thanks everybody who sent in their questions.
Excellent.
Griffin, do you have a final Yahoo for us to enjoy?
This one was sent in by Aaron Keys.
Thank you, Aaron.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Houdman.
Perfect.
Houdman asks,
Are old school fedora hats back in style
for the upscale businessman or just for the fringe?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Going into a bullseye interview,
I know it's somebody who does amazing work,
but it's an actual conversation.
I don't know where it's headed.
Hey, this is the straight talk that you're gonna get on this show.
Does that make sense?
I feel like I'm in therapy.
I think I got more out of you than the therapist I went to twice.
Bullseye.
Creators you know.
Creators you need to know.
Find it at Maximumfun.org or wherever you get podcasts.
