The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Charlie Sheen reference.
You can do better than that. Everybody else is doing it. Something about a warlock.
I would like to change the title of our show, and I've been thinking about this really hard,
to Sheen-tervention. What do we do? What do we do in a Sheen-tervention? Basically,
we just we cry out to Charlie Sheen and tell him how his lifestyle is hurting us personally.
Yeah, I don't care if you destroy yourself with Drugs Charlie. Just stop saying such
cool things that my brother and my brother and me in a device show from the modern era
can't keep up. Do you know my favorite thing about the Charlie Sheen psychobility freakout
that's going on right now? My very favorite thing about it is that he's finally openly talking about
how he wants to make Major League Three, but it's like, dog, they already made Major League Three
and it has Scott Bakala in it, but I guess he doesn't accept Major League Three. That's not
canon. It's not canonical. Like, sorry, Bakala. I worry about how this is affecting that fat little
kid. I'm not a Major League fan, so I'm going to take your word that there's a fat little kid.
By the way, guys, that scene in being John Malkovich is like triply awesome now. How great
is that scene where he's hanging out with Charlie Sheen? Now that movie's even crazier, as if.
You think that's when it flipped.
That's when it flipped. Now it's even like, it's like triple. Hi, we're my brother and my brother
and me. It's an advice show for the modern era. I'm your host, Justin McElroy.
I'm another host, Travis McElroy.
And I am yet another host, Griffin McElroy.
So this is our fun drive? Is that our last fun drive show? Is that accurate?
It is our final fun drive show.
Yeah. The fun drive is ended and now it's just a slog to Christmas.
What you can't see is I'm slowly loosening my tie and rolling up my
sleeves and pushing a big broom to sweep up all the fun drive stuff. It's very sad.
No, it goes on for another week.
Why am I cleaning up?
Don't clean up. Leave that streamer up. That took me forever. I have to get a ladder now.
Thank you so much. But more on that later. Right now, let's get right into the advising,
the advice, the learning, the growing. Thank you, by the way, to those who have already given.
It is hugely helpful to us and we love you more than we can, words can say.
And for those about to give, we salute you.
And those who never give, suckle bub. Get out of there, you joke thief.
All right. Great. A friend wants to be my roommate, but I would rather not room with him.
What should I tell him? That's from Wobbly Orbit on Twitter.
Suckle bub.
Wobbly underscore. What, Griff?
Suckle bub.
You tell him to suckle bub?
I need to break that down. What are you saying exactly?
I think this is weirder. Suck... ol... bub.
Suckle bub. Suckle bub.
That's something that our dad used to say.
Not to us, like, in a grimy way, though.
No, God, no.
Like, you didn't finish your homework. Like, what are you saying?
Suckle bub.
People who cut him off in the Kroger's parking lot, he would give him,
break him off a piece of his mind.
Yeah. Also, to be fair, yeah, he'd yell hat wearing geekaboy, which-
He'd call him hat wearing geekaboy, which I don't know.
Well, he was wearing a hat. To be fair, that gentleman was wearing a hat,
and he had sort of a geekaboy aura about him.
He was biting the heads off chickens.
Your friend, they don't sound like a really dope friend,
because you don't want to room with them.
So I would say, like, if you had a stratosphere of friends,
they're in the, not in the upper stratosphere,
I would say they're in the lower, sort of our earthbound stratosphere.
So just tell him straight up, because if you hurt his feelings,
you don't seem to like him that much. Right? I mean, does that make sense?
I'm sitting here, like, racking my mind, trying to come up with a sentence,
especially now that you've waited. Like, he's brought it up,
and you said, let me think about it.
Oh, no. Yeah.
Yeah. Like, you come back and go, listen, I thought about it,
and no, there's nothing worse than that situation you proposed.
Like, I can't come up with something to say that makes that not awkward.
I mull it over in my mouth like a jawbreaker,
and what it comes out with is just sour in the inside.
Oh, God. This is not good.
This tastes like dirty dishes.
I have literally asked everyone I know,
and everyone thinks you would be a terrible roommate.
It's out of my hands now. It's in the hands of the people.
That's it. Tell them you took a vote,
and the vote came out against him, and there's nothing you can do about it.
I took an American Idol-style vote,
and everyone dialed the number that said not to live with you.
I think, I don't know, I think you can explain to him.
I think that there's a really big difference
between being a good friend and a good roommate,
and you can just explain to him,
like, I don't think that we would be compatible roommates.
I don't think we'd get along as roommates,
but we can still be, you know, good friends.
I honestly think that the only way to go is to say,
listen, I really value our friendship,
and I know that sometimes living with someone can affect that friendship,
and I don't want to risk that.
That's great. That's just what I was going to say.
Like, oh, everybody I know that's roomed with somebody has ended up hating him,
and you're too important to me to that.
Yeah, and make sure you say it in the gayest way possible, too.
Just like, you're so important to me and my life.
Like, you really love him so much.
And then give him a suckle bub, just to put a little boo on it.
A little rivet in that one.
My best friend wants to experiment and try meeting some men.
There's a great gay club up the street from me,
and I want to take him there to help him out.
Two things, I'm straight and I've never been a wingman before.
An orientation isn't really a problem.
Been there a few times with my girlfriend, had a great time.
What I need is some advice on how to be a great wingman.
There are some rules I should know, no matter what the situation,
or does the scenario require something more specific?
That's from trying to help in Jersey.
I think the rules for being a great wingman are universal,
no matter what the situation is.
And they're pretty simple.
Like, in my opinion, the main job of a wingman is to be interesting enough,
but not more interesting than the person you're wingman-ing for.
Like, you are a facilitator of the conversation for that friend.
Have either of you ever wingman-ed, wingman-ed,
and A, ever tried, B, ever been successful?
I was once or twice in college.
I'm not very good at it, because I'm very competitive when it comes to being interesting.
And you're just so awesome that everyone wants you to be.
Well, you know, Griffin, I'm not gonna say no to that.
I think the big...
If this listener's experience turns out anything like the ones that I've been a wingman,
this might conclude with him making out in the bathroom with a fat guy.
And I think you need to prepare yourself sort of mentally and spiritually for that very real,
very frightening possibility.
What am I doing?
This isn't worth it.
What steps did I take to get here?
I have another sort of angle that you need to consider on this.
You're a wingman leading gay men into a trap of a dude that may or may not be gay.
It's like a honey trap.
This is my friend...
Oh, you bet it is.
This is my friend Greg.
He thinks he might like dudes, but he's not sure.
You ready?
Let's discuss.
Ultimately, you're trying to provide evidence for him.
You're basically...
He's got a hypothesis that you're testing.
You're a bailiff in the court of love, and you're trying to swing your friend one way
or the other with as much sweet gay meat as you can procure.
That's your job.
So you're saying he needs to focus on quantity and not quality at this point?
Oh, well, I mean, you can do both.
Yeah, especially if it's a cool gay club.
I bet there's all kinds of fine, fine man meat there.
Oh, it's like a fine man meat buffet.
It's like a golden corral of gay clubs.
It's like a shoney's breakfast of sweet gay dudes.
It's like a slaughterhouse.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Oh, that's a weird dip.
I just went of meat, like of all the meat shanks that are hanging around.
Come on down to the slaughterhouse.
Anything goes.
We'll punch your meat like in Rocky.
Hey, come on down to anything goes.
Slaughterhouse Saturdays.
God damn it.
Why haven't I opened up my own gay bar yet?
Why haven't you opened up all the gay bars?
I would change the name every week.
You know what?
I would love to open a gay club called Some Things Go.
It's the most restrained gay club.
Almost anything goes.
You want to go down to Some Things Go?
Oh, it's not that anymore.
Now it's called the Thirsty Snake.
Make your way down.
Red snake.
Griffey, you got an answer?
I got a few.
Got a handful.
I'm sorry.
That's rhetorical.
I know you probably came prepared.
I did.
I came correct and I came prepared.
How about this one?
This is going to open up an interesting dialogue.
This one was sent in by Atiana Kuriyama.
Thank you, Atiana.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Edetweave who asks,
should the Bible be updated with online etiquette?
What?
That's all we get.
Well, we know how often the Bible is updated for things like radio etiquette and TV etiquette
and moving pictures etiquette.
So yes, of course it should.
Okay.
So now we know where Travis stands.
Thou shalt not lol with a man as I lols with a woman.
That's what you're saying, right?
Am I the only one?
Thou shalt not laugh at mean cats.
The three out of the three of us who thinks that it definitely,
definitely should be updated with online etiquette because everything that happens now,
anything that happens that's worth mentioning happens on cyberspace.
And Jesus spake.
Judas, thou shalt betray me.
And Judas spake. WTF?
Let's go with the story.
I will say this.
I think that I would only get behind this if they would make a few verses in there
where if you don't use punctuation, Satan himself would come up and drag you down to hell.
Sure.
He would come and swallow you up whole.
Thou shalt not read bee dogs once a day.
Every day. We can squeeze that into Leviticus
along with all the other sorta, some of the wackier laws.
Zanier.
Some of the zanier.
Bible's already pretty zany.
I bet you could slip in some online etiquette and not have too many people by line.
The thing is we would need to come up,
we would need to come up because obviously the internet wasn't around in the day of Jesus.
So what, what we would have to come up with a sort of archaic terminology for the internet
that, that people could read and sort of translate.
And I mean, Oh, Oh, that by this, they, they foresaw the internet.
This is how this applies.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Like it would have to be like the,
Like what?
Like a loom.
Like the loom.
Oh my God.
If we start calling the internet, the loom, I will be on it way more because that's,
that's a cool metaphor right there.
Just strings of pornography and
connecting anonymous strangers.
So it would say while, whilst thou looms don't do not thou shalt not whilst looming.
Thou shalt not forward emails about Obama destroyed the world's food reserves.
Not exactly.
We're talking specifically.
And Moses presented to his people the 10 commandments and they did respond T L D R.
Can we boil those down to five of them?
Maybe I, I spent, I, I don't, I don't get out much in the meat space.
Most of my time is, is online.
My online presence is strong.
I think that it would be nice to have some, some rules that we could teach to youngsters.
Something with some you know, some celestial might behind it.
Like if you, if you send someone a picture of your Dick online,
then, then there's going to be some retribution, some holy, holy retribution.
Uh, let's, let's, let's reconnoiter here, like an unrequested picture of your Dick.
Right?
Yeah.
Like if they want it, I think you'd be at a blessing.
I would think.
I think that it's time for the Bible to be updated.
So I'm saying, Hey Bible, give me the times.
Maybe, um, what would we call it?
The new Gawker version would be good.
This is the new, what are you reading?
Oh, it's the new Gawker version of the Bible.
Yeah.
It's got a, it's got a scroll bar on the side that everybody really hates.
But, uh, so listen, this week we mentioned it before is, is, uh, is max fun drive.
Uh, well, I think this is like a, it's like a, uh, and it's not a week.
It's a, an event.
It's like a Festravaganza, a two week festival.
Uh, we are trying to get new supporters for the max fun network.
And, and a lot of people wonder, well, what does that mean?
Well, basically it means you make a small donation as much as you could feel comfortable
affording anywhere from, we have donations starting at two all the way up to, uh, $200.
And we have some great, you know, prizes, prizes.
Like, you know, those are good.
I like prizes cause it makes you feel like you've won something.
You've won something.
It makes you feel like you're on Bozo's game show.
At the cheapest levels.
I mean, at every level, even the cheapest, you get, uh, some max fun stickers.
You get a maximum membership card.
Uh, you get, uh, access to bonus shows that we recorded sub podcast.
You have recorded, uh, Jordan, Jesse go recorded one.
And, uh, I believe there's a judge on Hodgman.
There is a bonus episode and there's three videos, the sort of like old timey
videos that we rift over.
Ours is called dating do's and don'ts.
And it contains basically any, any information you would ever need to, um,
secure the affection of, of a significant other.
It's all right there.
It's all right there.
And, um, and then as you go up, you get at $10.
We've got a tote bag for you that you will love.
Make sure you choose the right tote bag.
Um, and those tote bags are provided, uh, by eco bags.
Thank you very much.
You fucking shill get it together.
Travis, this is about tote bags, not about corporations.
And yeah, the ego bag folks are very, very kind, uh, to, to hook those up for us.
Um, as you go up $20, there's a cool one USB drive that has much shows on it.
$35 is, is my personal favorite.
It's the judge on Hodgman, uh, post-apocalyptic justice squad.
Is that right?
Have I, have I memorized that now?
It's ingrained in your mind.
It's ingrained in my mind.
You get a, like a boatload of stuff, uh, all the, the tote bags and all that stuff,
but, uh, like, uh, uh, the Eton am FM radio, uh, that it's like a full like nerd
emergency kit.
Yeah.
It is full on.
It's called a nerd emergency kit, which is boom, shakalaka.
Uh, and, and it goes up from there and, and the money that you give.
And I think maybe we didn't make this super clear for people last week.
The money that you give, uh, goes to the maximum fund network and then
the maximum fund network then in turn pays the people who make the shows.
So when you give to us and when you give the maximum network, you're saying.
I want to support Jordan, Jesse go and judge on Hodgman and, uh, my brother,
my brother, me.
And then that money goes back to us and we use it to, uh, we buy equipment
for the show.
We bought, we, uh, pay for hosting for the show.
Cause we have a lot more people downloading it now.
It would get pretty, uh, tough.
In the future.
Like I know that we've had people that have asked about, you know, live shows
and convention appearances and stuff like that.
That kind of thing is now a possibility because of our joining the max fund
network.
These are things that we're hoping to do in the future with support from
listeners like you.
Right.
They've really helped us to grow and to get the word, the message out to more
people, which I know is what you want.
I know that deep down that's, that's, that's what you, you want everybody to
be.
You don't want anybody to miss out on the, on the experience, the teachings.
I would say that you have had.
So if you can, and if you're comfortable doing it, if you're not and you can't
afford it, I get it.
I do.
I honestly, I mean, we have, and we love you just the same.
We'll never stop loving you.
Um, but, but if you can do something, uh, go to HTTP.
You got to include that.
It's forward slash forward slash www dot maximum fund.org forward slash donate.
And, uh, you can give there and you will feel better about it.
And as if to add, uh, make it more tantalizing, Jesse, our boss has drawn a
boner shaped thermometer quite accidentally, I think, but he did actually like he did
will the thermoboner into existence.
But as you give it just fills up.
So your generosity is just stroking it.
Like I want to see it get full.
Well, you've gotten a ton of, um, of one-time donations and those are awesome.
Uh, but we're, we're, we're shooting for 1200, uh, donors.
And for those, those are the, the monthly totals.
So, uh, yeah.
Anything you can give also monthly donors.
We have, uh, we have challenge donors as well.
So every new monthly donor we get the challenge donors chip in an extra, uh, $5 66 and a half
cents, which is still just such a ridiculous number.
Um, so, so any amount you give us a monthly donor, we get that extra, that extra bonus
too.
So, you know, just think about that.
Cause, cause that the, the monthly donors would keep MaxFund afloat and, and help us
reach that, that's the sweet, sweet tip of the Thermaboner.
Also, you know, people said that I only listen to you guys and I'm not interested in MaxFund,
you know, supporting the whole network.
First off, they've been a huge help to us.
Second off, uh, you should go listen to all the shows.
Third off, when you say that we are your favorite show, when you donate, uh, that, that helps
us out a lot.
Um, that, that first, I mean, for, for nothing else other than Pride at the very least, then
it's because I want to crush everybody else.
I want them to know our names, I guess is what I'm saying.
I want them to be ashamed of their poor ass fans.
I want them to quiver.
I want them to quiver at your riches.
God, my brother and my brother and me, they are rich.
They've got some rich fans.
I'm afraid of them.
They've got some Scrooge McDuck action going on.
Plus, if all of you give and you say that my brother made your favorite show, we can
go back to Jesse and be like, hey man, what's up with that cheddar?
Let's get, see if we can't.
Maybe next time you cut a little bit off for your boys, maybe you use the bigger knife,
if you know what I mean.
Yeah.
Get, slide a little more C-O-I-N our way.
We are trying to drown in Velveeta over here.
Some of us are trying to get so cheesy and we just need a little help.
I would say dangerously cheesy.
Help make some McElroy nachos.
How about some McElroy and cheese, if you don't mind.
Notch bros.
Notch bros.
Notch bros.
Cheesing it up.
So anyway, we've taken enough of your valuable time, but if you can, maximumfund.org first
slash donate.
Thank you.
That is our message to you.
I am having a hard time saving money and spending it wisely, ironically.
I'm 23 years old and already money is a big obstacle in life.
Do you guys have any tips or tricks for a would-be Feruga-lite?
Jake, if you figure it out, please let me know.
Send that memo around, Jake.
Circulate that, that knowledge.
I don't, I don't get it, guys.
What do you mean?
We've gotten this question before and I don't, here's what you do, Jake.
If you're about to spend money on something, just don't do, don't do it.
Go do something else instead.
Here's the problem, and for me personally, and I'm going to assume that Jake is in the
same boat I am, the ebb and flow of money is like the tide where between paychecks,
as soon as I get paid, it's like high tide and I'm so excited that I'm like, yeah,
fuck it, I'm rich and like, I'll go and that's when I buy groceries and then I go,
I pay my bills and then I go out drinking and then by like two days before the next
paycheck, it's low tide and I'm so sad for two days and I can't do anything.
I can't even afford a cup of coffee.
But then it's paycheck time again and I'm so excited that I rush out and spend all my
money and it's just, it's kind of that hills and valleys.
Hey Scraps, hey Scraps, we know why it's fucked up.
I think he's pretty well aware of how it feels to be shitty at this.
Like, I don't think, but here's my advice.
There's a narration on that.
Never stop pretending like you're broke because as soon as you get that high of like
a paycheck, you go and you spend it.
Like, yeah, if you can say that in like your sense memory, like remember what it feels
like, that shitty feeling of like, I can't do anything.
I am so broke right now.
If you can like capture that and hold on to it in a crystal, maybe in like a talisman
that you keep around your neck.
Travis, can you give me an analogy for what a crimson tide would be?
A crimson tide is like when you become an assassin and all your money is from killing
people.
So the blood just rolls into this.
And the blood money.
I thought it would have something to do with when you don't have any money and also a bunch
of poisonous krill somehow washes up in your...
Krill humor.
A little something for everybody this week.
That's what I was gonna say.
Jake, I like, I've started using the internet a lot for this and I think I might've given
this pro tip before, but whatever.
Defer your gratification.
Get in that habit.
You see something in the store that you want to buy, just say to yourself, like, hey, I
bet it's cheaper on Amazon.
And then by the time you get home, you'll forget about it.
Guaranteed.
I know, at least I know I do.
There's too much good stuff to...
Also, it's really tempting.
Like it's, I find it personally hard to pay for the things I know I have to pay for.
And I instead want to buy the things I want to buy.
And so if you get paid and immediately like pay your bills, pay rent, pay your rent, pay
rent, pay, you know, off credit cards, anything like that, like immediately don't wait.
And then whenever money is left over, try to save that or try to use that money for
fun things.
Because if you spend your money on fun things first, you're gonna spend your sweet bill
money and you're not gonna be able to pay for, you know, your car and stuff.
Sell your teeth.
Sell your teeth.
Just sell those teeth.
There it is.
You got beautiful teeth there.
You selling?
Could I talk you out of those teeth for...
I don't know.
Cool hundo?
Nice chompers.
Want some cheddar?
My dearest, my brother, my brother, me.
I found myself in a predicament I've never been in before.
I've fallen in love with someone several magnitudes less intelligent than me.
I'm not going to laugh at this person.
I'm making this pledge to myself.
I'm not going to make cruel jokes at their expense.
I'm telling myself this mantra before I really raise the question.
Here we go.
We've been dating for five months and our relationship is absolutely wonderful.
However, I'm afraid you're using words you probably doesn't know.
Or making references to things not found on The Real Housewives in fellow figure.
Feel dumb.
Fuck you.
Can this relationship actually work out?
Thank you.
Dumbfounded in Indiana.
A follow up question.
Dear my brother, my brother and me.
I've recently started dating a guy who thinks he's much, much smarter than me.
He's a real dullard and an asshole, but...
Oh, shit, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Listen, of course, by default, this is a problem that we can't help but enter into.
Just because of our station.
I'm just going to dip my toe in there.
Yeah.
I love you so much, you fucking dummy.
Like, how does that work out?
You dullard.
I love you.
Love you, stupid.
Now, are you saying she's dull?
Like, she's dumb?
Like, she often runs into walls and you have to point her towards the door?
Or like, she just doesn't read the big fancy books you read?
He didn't say, he didn't say several IQ points less.
He said several magnitudes less.
The light from his star would take a million years to get to her earth.
I think is what he's saying.
I mean, if she's...
Let's get this out there.
If it's right, and you know what I'm talking about.
If that's right, then a lot of this stuff will work.
What do you, what do you mean?
What's right?
Like, you know, I don't want, I'm a gentleman.
Like that front, like that front meet?
It's that front meet is so right and so dope.
Then a lot of these things will sort of pan out.
Like, it's like, oh, that's a really fascinating story about what Gordon Ramsay's into this week.
I'm going to go ahead and bone you now.
Is that cool?
Can we skip to that?
I'm going to bet that in any relationship, there's always a balance.
And I'm going to bet that there is some way that she is massively better than you.
And it bounds that I'm betting she is supremely more attractive than you.
And you're supremely smarter.
You ugly fuck.
That's the balance right there.
This is fun.
I like this question.
Well, this question got a little mean, but I think, I think that we're just trying to bring you back down to reality.
Listen to this.
We're several magnitudes smarter than you, and we still let you listen to our show.
Exactly.
Think about that.
Because we've been trained in the arts of wisdom for many, many years.
So we know basically everything, despite what Bob Ball, our announcer, would have you believe.
Maybe she's street smart.
Ooh, I like that.
Does she spend a lot of time on the street?
Like you lose your wallet and she says, it ain't no thing.
I'll go shake down Huggy Bear.
See what the word is.
From Starsky and Hutch?
No, but the new Starsky and Hutch.
I'm 30 years old.
What do you want from me?
Yeah, it's for the new one.
That's what I was.
Thank you, Travis.
That's what I'm talking about.
Can you tell me who played Huggy Bear in the new Starsky and Hutch?
Snoop Dogg.
That'd be Snoop Dogg.
Well done.
Well done.
Come on.
Come on.
It's my first time through Rodeo.
Maybe if you hang out with her long enough, she'll learn some shit.
Yeah.
Oh, but dear sweet God, do not approach it.
Like, I'm going to better you.
Oh, God, no.
I know you're lucky to be dating me, stupid.
I think we're planning on going on a date.
How would you feel about a tutoring session instead?
The rain in Spain falls mainly in the plains.
This is fun.
Isn't this better than a movie?
I think it is.
Well, no, sit back down.
We only have a few more hours left, but.
Oh, it looks like you got a 62 on your test.
So no, we can't watch Real Housewives tonight.
Sorry, sweetie.
It's a reward system and I got to adhere to it.
I think the absolute worst thing you can do and just the thing that you should avoid doing,
no matter what, is to write into an internet comedy program telling them how stupid your
girlfriend is.
Because I don't care how dumb she is.
She ain't too dumb to read the internet.
Yahoo Answers proves that out every single week.
Yep.
Griffin.
You want one?
Speaking of which, I got a taste.
I said it.
I got a taste for it in my mouth.
This one was sent in by Jacob Locker.
Thank you, Jacob.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Jerry Has Lion King.
Congratulations, Jerry.
Good work, Jerry.
Good job, Jerry.
I knew you'd afford it.
Who asks, what would happen if I knock out the pizza guy?
What if I'm running low on cash, but I'm really hungry?
What if three of my friends are at my house and we ordered pizza?
We have no cash and we called the pizza guy.
I'm wondering what would happen.
This is, for all intents and purposes, the perfect crime.
Can we agree on that?
I don't think there's any way this goes wrong.
How is the pizza guy supposed to track him down with just his name, telephone number,
and address?
Also, the pizza guy's going to wake up from the ground and be like, what just happened?
This mystery's never going to get solved.
He also knows your pizza preferences, too.
So the top of the jugs.
Can you describe him?
No, but I can tell you what kind of toppings he asked for on his pizza.
Can you describe the man who assaulted you?
Well, this is his name and his phone number and his address.
And also, he likes pineapples on his pizza.
And he asked me to draw a wizard on the bottom.
He asked me to draw a wizard on the box.
He's a Chovies and Pep man.
So you could just look for people ordering Chovies and Pep on their pizza and just arrest
them.
I want to know what kind of beefcake pizza guy you've got that you need three of your
friends to take care of.
Yeah.
Waiting in the bushes, one on top of the roof.
He'll never see it coming.
See, what's disturbing is that if you ordered this pizza online, you could track it.
You could track who is delivering your pizza.
You could get a name.
That makes it more personal.
Shouldn't have brought that pizza, Derek.
Punch.
We're waiting for you, Derek.
Hope you get here quick.
Is there any other...
I've always wondered if you ordered a pizza from a dude and he looks a little dogged.
He looks a little tired.
What if you just invited him in?
It's like, hey, I'm not going to pay for this pizza.
But do you want to chill with us and eat this pizza with us?
Do you want to zomp with us?
And then when he's really full, you kill him and make a pizza out of him.
And then you eat that pizza.
Then it's the perfect crime.
Double pizza.
You guys want to hear a true delivery story?
Double pizza.
I don't know, Travis.
You tell me.
I worked for a...
I don't want to give the name, so what to say, a popular sandwich delivery restaurant
who may or may not be known for being freaky fast.
Let's call it Johnny Jacks.
Johnny Jacks.
I worked for Johnny Jacks and it was around the corner from my friend Trevor David's house.
And Trevor David would call during parties and order sandwiches so I could deliver a
sandwich and take a shot and then go back to work because I was not able to attend the party.
Good for you.
And so I would often deliver, I don't know, six or seven sandwiches a night back to that house.
Travis.
Living the life you want.
Getting blitzed to Jimmy Jacks.
Johnny Jacks, please.
Your older brother, Travis Griffin.
There's your role model.
You just, by saying that on the internet, you've been blackballed.
You can never work at another Johnny Jacks ever again.
You can never go back home.
Time out.
Travis, are you telling me that you're becoming a progressively drunker driver as the night went on?
No, no, no.
It was literally down the alley from the Johnny Jacks.
I would walk the sandwich there and walk back.
But that drunkenness, I don't know if you know how drunk works, it stays with you for a while.
So if somebody did call in an order, you'd be like, guys, I want to get your sloppy mess to you.
But I'm fucked.
I messed up.
Hey, Jimmy Jacks, can I get a, let me just get a salami grand slam.
Um, dog, can you, what is on it?
Dog, please come here and make it.
I'm so fucked up.
Where's the bread?
Where do we keep it?
That does make ordering a sandwich a lot more exciting, though.
So there we go.
I hope that helps out.
My wife just realized that my favorite hat has the phone number of an ex-girlfriend inside the brim.
She did not buy it.
I did not have paper when I met her.
She did not buy it.
I did not have paper when I met her.
Should I throw the hat away?
Hey, Gmail, I don't know you very well, but I'm going to play law of averages and say that if
you're a man between, well, let's say 18 and 35, you should throw the hat away.
Yeah.
You should probably not wear it.
What was the, what was the thought process there?
I want to know the steps that got you from point A to point I'm going to write on my hat.
If decapitated, please call.
It just seems to me like there's so many, there's so many options.
Oh, I know.
There's your hand first and foremost.
I'd rather have it written on my face cause I can wash my face.
Yeah.
Did the ex-girlfriend write it on the inside brim?
Cause if so, that would be kind of a baller way of like, I'm in you.
Like you'll never forget this number.
Wait, when you say in like a bottom of the brim, are you talking about like
the flat bill of the hat you've written it or like inside the hat?
Ooh, that's a good point because if it's on the brim and you go to a NASCAR event
and you get sweaty, then that number is going to be on you backwards.
Backwards?
Hey listener, how bad are you at wives that you couldn't lie better than this?
Oh, this is the number at the hat company.
It's a hat store.
This is the customer service number.
It's the hat store.
Please.
We're trying to post for a family photo.
Please.
Hey lids, we need to have a talk about your hat.
I'm having some problems with it.
I think it's low on coolant.
Your hat is malfunctioning.
I'm having a malfunctioning hat problem.
And luckily I wrote the number of your, of your emporium, of your haberdashery
in, in just in case I needed to contact you about a defective product.
You don't tell her it's your girlfriend, listener.
You should throw the hat away as punishment.
That's your penance for being so stupid.
You own a hat with, that someone has written on.
Why haven't you already thrown it away?
Listen, we can lead, we can lead you guys to walk away.
You guys to water, but you got to lie to your wives for yourself.
We can only do so much for you.
I'm a native Texan who recently relocated to Melbourne, Australia for love.
And I'm at a linguistic crossroads.
People down here say mate all the time, like in the movies.
And I can't make myself do it.
I knew it.
I say man in the same way.
Like, Hey, thanks, man.
And then really fly down under.
Should I assimilate or should I shake them haters off?
Linguistic blunder down under a name created by Travis.
Um, right.
So my experience with this is that if you live in another country for any sort of extended
period of time, you know, like Madonna, you will eventually start to pick up some of their,
um, what idiosyncrasies.
What's the, what's the, what's the length of time?
What is the appropriate length of time?
Because I had friends in school who would go to a foreign country, come back two weeks
later and had completely reinvented themselves.
Just a completely different person.
Travel changes you, Griffin.
You know what?
You know what?
I'm almost certain that is only a problem in America.
Oh, absolutely.
I'd be willing to bet that English people don't come to America for two weeks and come
back on.
Well, how do y'all like, I promise that.
Oh, I bet they probably do.
It's America.
Like I would want everybody to know.
What's the length of time though?
I'm going to say anything less than two years.
And you're just being a dick.
Well, I think that once you pass a certain age, like if you're older than 22, you shouldn't
like you, you have formed your accent.
Shouldn't change.
I lived in a third world country with Sydney for a month and I did come back really hungry.
I don't know if that counts.
Um, and all your t-shirts were like a rat from 1985.
I think that I think that you should soak it up.
I think you should say mate because I think everybody wants to say mate.
But, um, just if, if I hear anyone say mate that is not from Australia or the British
Isles, um, I get the strongest douche chills that I just want to fall to the ground and
shake uncontrollably.
Well, my friend Miranda is from Australia and she says like, good day mate and stuff
like that.
And it makes me, I still roll my eyes at it cause it's like, come on, you're in America.
You know, I think that you can import that language.
I think you can export it if you've been there long enough, but I just think it has
to be authentic.
And it sounds like you have the opportunity to, to make it authentic.
Well, let me tell you something.
I'll give you the same advice that I gave Miranda.
I told Miranda the beauty that you get from being from a foreign country, now an expat
living in another country, you can make up words and pretend like it's really common
phrases in America and be like, Oh yeah, we're just going to go flibble the doable.
And when they're like, what?
I'm like, Oh, sorry.
You guys don't have that here.
You know what I mean?
And like, those are little things that you can do to make yourself happy and make everyone
else think you're an asshole.
So many of my suggestions end up that way.
Don't Travis basically runs an asshole charm school.
It's going to go one way or the other.
Have you guys noticed how many listeners we have in Australia?
Yeah.
There's a lot, right?
And they're all super attractive.
They all, they all have a crocodile Dundee set.
Yeah.
And there's, they're very tolerant of being compared to Paul Hogan.
Well, they surprise you over all these years.
I, you have to have thick skin.
Uh, I, I'm coming to realize like a crocodile, I'm coming to realize that I'm maybe more
into live music than any of my friends or at least the only one into it enough to pay
a non-refundable $250 on a drunken whim to go to Bonnaroo this year.
I know at least Griffin is into music festivals, but if any of you had advice on a first time
attendee with seems like no backup, I'd really appreciate it.
Alternatively, what is the best way to guilt convince my friends into going with me?
Will G.
Griffin.
Hoo boy.
Help this man.
I haven't gone to Bonnaroo for two years, I think.
Last time I went was yeah, 2009.
I don't, this is not important.
Um, what you need to realize is that you're not just spending $250.
You're spending a week without shower, which if I were to apply a sort of a monetary sum
to that, I would say that that, like the grief that you suffer is worth at least $600, like
600 additional dollars.
Does that include like the shame of bathing in a fountain?
They don't even let you do that anymore.
Oh, Jesus.
There is a fountain, but you can't bring soap or shampoo into it.
Um, it's, it's, it's a, it's an endurance sport.
Depending on which one you go to, like there, there are some music festivals that are, for
instance, there's Pitchfork and here in Chicago and Lollapalooza here in Chicago, where I
can just go to those and then come home and sleep in my bed.
Like those are awesome.
And everyone should definitely go.
You should go to Bonnaroo too.
You just need to go ahead and realize that it's, there's toils.
It's rough stuff because it's 110, 110 degrees all the time.
And there's nothing you can do.
Like there's nowhere you can go to, to seek respite from that.
And what I remember from Griffin telling me is that to get in and get out, like plan on
a solid like half day of being in traffic and then last time campsite.
Last time I went and it took me 10 hours, uh, waiting in line to, to get in.
It was, it was a nightmare.
I only have one Bonnaroo pro tip to share with you.
What's up?
This is a frequent attendee.
Uh, don't be the guy who gets hit by the bus every year.
There's a guy and he's like, I don't know if he's hanging out.
He's hanging out.
He drops some, some opium and he's wondering who the, through the sound garden and then
what happens.
And then through the band sound garden, he hangs out with the band sound garden.
And then he, as they're leaving, he's waving goodbye.
Goodbye.
Sound garden.
Thank you for hanging out with me.
Oops.
I dropped my opium bus.
Like that once a year, there's a guy who gets hit by a bus and you just can't just don't
be that guy.
Don't be bus guy.
And if you hear about a guy getting hit by a bus, whoa, fucking chill out.
Like do whatever you're invincible.
Every year, every year a man does get hit by a bus.
And every year, shortly after that news hit that AP news wire, I would get a call from
my dad just to make sure it wasn't me.
Thanks dad.
And you're like, Hey, you, Hey, stop going.
Griffin stopped going to Bonnaroo cause he knew his number was up.
Were you the one who jumped in front of that bus, you big dummy?
Like, no dad, I have, I got sense in my head.
First of all, to get Bonnaroo takes place on a giant campground to get to a place where
buses are.
That's a journey.
That's a walk.
Like that's, that's a good couple of miles.
Oh, Bonnaroo, come for the music.
Stay to see the herd fin.
If you're floating on ope, if you're floating on ope, if ope floats, which is what I refer
to taking opium, you're not going to have the mental faculties required to find road.
Don't be dumb.
Don't be dumb.
Hey, listen, we wanted to say one last time before we go into the final stretch of the
show.
One last thing though.
What?
I did get prostatitis at Bonnaroo.
Okay.
Real talk.
Just watch your prostate cause it's going to try and do some shitty shit.
It's going to try and catch it.
It's going to come at you from all sides.
Um, so that's, that was worth, I would say $25,000 just hidden costs, hidden costs.
Keep them in mind.
Okay.
Hidden costs, uh, before we, before we head into the final rush, I did want to say thank
you so much to the people who've already supported us this week, uh, during the Maximum Fund
Pledge Drive, uh, we're, we're, our goal is 1200 new donors.
We have crossed 400 last night, so we're, we're on pace, uh, but we need you specifically
you, yes, you, uh, sitting at home, listening to this, driving, not driving, wait till you're
where you're going.
But, uh, I just want to say thank you to people like Dan Stapleton who gave, uh, our boss
and dear friend Chris Grant gave, um, LMM not only gave, but convinced his dad who's
only listened to one episode to give kind of a big coup.
I would like to say a special thanks because he, he tried to come up with a question and
he couldn't.
So he asked that we say this because he donated and I'm willing to give this to him.
Hey, Scott and Pocatello, you're doing all right.
Your kids love you.
And there's a lady out there who's itching to get down with you.
All right, Scott, chin up, buddy.
And in case you think he's not an OG over on the, the Maximum Fund Pledge Drive, we
have a D Hurry.
Yes, we are just 정말 the only people at vraiment how we can get our people to get
involved.
I'll ask reaping to get on there.
Literally, there's a whole bunch of federal
companies in our country that have access to information.
on Twitter.
Did you?
I did, and I promised spooning.
Oh shit, I'll spoon somebody.
Five minutes of spooning, your choice.
You wanna be big spoon, you wanna be little spoon?
Do you wanna be middle spoon?
Do you wanna be two average size?
If you ever find the three of us together,
we can do a four-way spoon.
Oh my God.
No, we can't actually.
We cannot do that.
We will make a full-on silverware drawer on you.
We cannot do that thing that you just said,
but other things, not that one, though.
Teaspoon, tablespoon, soup spoon, secret spoon.
That's us.
Is it?
Yeah.
I don't know that that is us.
Don't you ever tell, though.
Listen, also we wanna say Sunday,
which we won't get to talk to you again before then.
Sunday at nine to seven p.m. Pacific, so it's obviously-
Wanna try that again?
Seven to nine p.m.?
What did I say?
You said nine to seven.
Okay, yeah, it's a fuckin' all-night gym arena.
No, seven to nine p.m.
Of course, that's 10 to 11 on a, fuck it.
God, it's summer.
Jesus, Justin.
Bitch.
All right, Sunday, March 13th,
from seven to nine p.m. Pacific,
which is nine to 11 p.m. Eastern Standard Time.
Not even close dog.
Fuck!
Still ain't got it dog.
10 to midnight, Eastern Standard Time.
Jesus, please us.
Jesus Christ.
That's gonna be the Max Fun Drive finale.
It's where it all comes to a head,
and there's gonna be a Jordan and Jesse go live video stream,
and they're gonna be givin' away a bunch of crap there, too,
in addition to asking people for last-minute donations,
like that scene in UHF.
There's gonna be an Xbox 360 being given away,
some games, cool stuff like that,
so make sure you tune into that,
and then just go to maximumfun.org.
Also, I wanna, just quick thanks to everybody on Twitter
that has donated and made a point of saying,
hey, I donated, and you should, too.
We really appreciate everybody challenging their friends
and followers, and everybody who's just brought
any kind of attention to the Max Fun Drive.
We really appreciate it, and I'll try to keep up
with retweeting those and giving you guys
as much attention as I can.
Thanks, everybody.
Yeah, if you donate, don't be shy.
Go ahead and shout it out,
and talk about how you donate.
Everybody else feel bad, and if your people don't give,
shun them.
Just shun them.
Turn your back on them.
Shun them.
I don't know if our dad's given, and he's shunned,
and he's in the bonus episode.
Oh, we can tell you, the bonus episode has our dad,
has John Hodgman, has Jordan and Jesse,
has Brent.
Has my friend Brent O'Floss from the show.
From his show.
And Dave and Graham from Stop Podcasting Yourself.
Dave and Graham.
Oh my god, it's jam-packed.
So, again, MaximumFun.org forward slash donate,
if you can.
We really, really do appreciate.
You guys made, seriously, a great, great showing
from NBNB AM, but we want them to know how we do.
We want them to know.
We're trying to bring the thunder.
Some of us are trying to bring the thunder over here.
But anyway, thank you so much.
I have a question that I've been looking forward
to asking you guys for a while now,
but I've managed to restrain myself.
Serious problemo in England.
That's not.
What?
Problemo?
That's not English speak.
That's what they say.
Serious problemo in England.
I recently impregnated my wife for the third time,
and she is now insisting that I close down my baby factory
by having the man snip, but I'm not sure I fancy that.
What are your thoughts?
And please help me.
Dave in England.
Dave, I'm almost certain that by man snip,
you mean cutting off your penis, and I can't get behind that.
No, he means a doctor with a degree taking a scalpel,
cutting his wiener open, and hurting it,
and hurting it in a.
No!
Yes, that's what he means.
Like, that's the.
No!
Yeah, that's the gag.
That's what he's saying.
Hey, Dave, listen, straight up.
All your life, from birth till now,
you have had one true friend who's always been with you,
and it's your wiener.
Your wiener's there for you when your wife has not been.
24-7, your wiener has been there to support you
as much as he can, and this is what you're gonna do to him?
I have to interject here and say that those few weeks
when I got back from Bonnaroo,
my wiener and I were not on speaking terms.
Well, sometimes you and your friends quibble.
Sometimes you got beef with your friends.
Sometimes Griffin's friend dribbles.
There was some bad blood there.
Literally.
Literally.
What is a vasectomy?
How does that work?
I've never understood a vasectomy.
Is it just like, you don't jizz anymore?
Like, what happens?
No, your vas deferens transports, basically,
the sperm into your semen is snipped and sewn off, yeah.
So you're still shooting blanks, basically.
So you got the powder, but you don't have the lead.
The surgery works like this.
They cut your wiener open,
and if you're lucky, you die on the table.
You know what I think is even freakier?
It's like an outpatient procedure.
Like, you're in, you're out, half hour.
You haven't even finished your copy of Highlights
before you're back out in the world with a cut-up penis.
You're reading Goofus and Gallant
while they're flaying your dick.
Like, while they're flaying your...
And P.S., if that's happening to you, you're a Goofus.
You won't find that in the magazine,
but I've been reading for a while, you're a Goofus.
Trust me on this.
Gallant doesn't let his dick get eviscerated
like a fried hot dog.
Goofus, however, cannot say the same.
Gallant learns to wrap it up
before his wife wants his wiener cut off.
Hey, Gallant, hey, Goofus, maybe try, like, a condom?
If you, I mean, I don't know.
It's a one-two punch.
Dave, there are so many solutions
for you to pursue before this one.
How about the old Princeton pullout?
What's that?
The old classy, classy pullout.
It's where you pull out while waving a banner for Princeton.
Shit.
You're wearing knee-high socks at the time.
Cursed local Harvard men.
In your fur jacket.
Make sure you have a tiny pennant.
You dress like John,
fat John Farro from Rudy.
Dave, don't do this thing.
This thing that you're saying, don't do it.
It's just so scary.
It's just horrifying.
Like, I will say, though,
as somebody who has been married for years,
if you do this thing,
this thing that she is saying to you,
you've won.
Yep.
You've won the relationship forever.
Yeah, there's not a-
That is a pretty big trump card.
That would, that wraps up every single,
hey, you didn't leave the toilet seat down for me.
Yeah, I started looking at my dick scar
and thinking about how I'm half a man.
So maybe you'll just put it down yourself.
Do you want to rent the expendables or eat pray love?
I don't know.
Let me consult with my ruined member.
See, and let's just see what he,
oh, this just in, expendables.
It's just, the more you talk about it,
the more I'm just getting sad for Dave Zawina.
Yeah. Poor Dave Zawina.
That's- He has no input in this.
Dave, don't do it.
Dave, don't do it. Dave, don't do it.
Do it.
Griffin says do it.
I don't know why Griffin said that, but-
I hear that it makes it,
it makes sex feel better after it.
Oh, like downtown?
Like down there. Yeah,
cause nothing like numbing surgery
to make something more pleasurable.
Mm-hmm.
Ugh.
That only lasts for so long.
Scar tissue.
So I want to hear Griffin's last-
No, sir.
No?
No, you want more show?
I got something.
You got something?
As you know, we've done flip the calendar over.
It's a whole new month.
Ah, fuck.
And you know what that means?
God damn it.
I knew that.
I know, I do know what this means, Griffin.
It means it's time for us to,
to take appreciation,
take some stock in our lives,
and share some wisdom for some March monthly observances.
Oh, Jesus.
Now, my alarm didn't go off this morning,
and I basically ran full throttle into this show
and didn't have time to pick something out of this list.
So I'm going to go down,
and I think we should focus all our attention on one,
but I need your guys' help to help me pick that one.
So I'm just going to name my favorite ones off this list,
and then we can choose the one
that we want to share wisdom about.
Got it.
Bell peppers and broccoli month.
Crunchy, good.
Exotic winter fruit and leeks and green onions month.
A lot of produce.
A lot of produce this month.
I'm not sure I know enough about them,
but I'm glad they can all hang out in their own month.
Yeah.
International expect success month.
Okay, there it is.
I like that.
International mirth month.
That's every month here.
My brother and me.
National cheerleading safety month.
I like that one.
It's dangerous.
National clean up your IRS act month.
Excuse me?
Sure.
Hey MC Hammer, that's been gone long enough.
I think this might actually be the winner.
National eye donor month.
Okay, let's do it right now.
We don't need to go any further.
I'm going down the list.
National eye donor month.
Nothing beats eye donors.
Friends, March is national eye donor month.
So think about it.
Are your kids really worth looking at with both?
My brother, my brother, and me.
Look around, see the flowers blooming
and the children smiling.
Well, some people can't, Stingy.
Give up one of them.
My brother, my brother, and me.
That one didn't flow quite as well
as you anticipated did it.
No.
How about this one?
You know that Jessica Alba movie, The Eye,
where she gets the eye donation
and then she sees demons and it really fucks her shit up?
That only happens like one out of every five eye donations.
So don't worry about it.
My brother, my brother, and me.
I only have eyes for you.
Literally.
My brother, my brother, and me.
Now again, I don't think you.
Damn it.
No.
You're, you want to be a cyclops?
My brother, my brother, and me.
It's like, I just, nope.
The air has just been sucked out of this room.
It's like taking your contacts out
only like times a thousand.
My brother, my brother, and me.
There you go.
See you back on the horse.
Eyepatches.
Uh-huh.
What else are you going to do with all those eye patches?
It's like a permanent wink.
My brother, my brother, and me.
Hey, do you need a tiny hole
to hide a secret treasure map in?
We got you.
My brother, my brother, and me.
You know what you've been wanting to try for a while?
Skull fucking.
My brother, my brother, and me.
Maybe I'll get one of Justin Bieber's.
My brother, my brother, and me.
I like that the idea is that everyone
is trading one to the left.
You're presupposing there's some crazy eye swap going on.
Does that come on that?
Change places.
Musical eyeballs and somebody ends up Helen Keller.
At the end.
My new left eyeball is too big,
and now I look like Forest Whitaker.
That's what happened.
Something happened to Peter Lorre at some point, I guess.
His is just trying to get away.
It's like one of those dogs in every Disney movie ever,
like Milo and Otis, that eye's just trying to get home.
It's unruly.
I like it.
I'm going down this list,
and there's also Play the Recorder month.
Play the Recorder month.
I think we could have turned some comedy out of.
Because people, you thought that people were indifferent
to you playing guitar in the quad.
Well, just hold on one second.
Play the Recorder.
It's like a flute for bitches.
My brother, my brother, and me.
My brother, my brother, and me.
You're just tenth the man Zamfear is.
My brother, my brother, and me.
Zamfear reference.
Yeah, Starsky, and Hutch, and Zamfear this week, I think.
I'll take it.
How deep are those cuts?
There?
I'm going out to the boneyard this week.
I'm gonna get some deep cuts.
So now I do actually want to hear Griffin's last question.
But first, just real quick, this is a big, big deal.
Right now, where can people find it, Griffin?
This thing that we've created.
Well, not we've created.
We did the minimal amount of work on.
But has been created for us.
No, well, I mean, we were involved.
In what?
Oh, the comic?
Yeah.
I'll put it up on the MaximumFun.org front page.
And you will see it there.
And it is a four-page comic
called My Brother, My Brother, Me Origins,
written by me and illustrated by our dear friend,
Michael Maney.
You should follow him on Twitter, by the way.
It's M-I-C-H-A-E-L-M-A-Y-N-E.
You follow him.
He has a great comic called Body Lasts.
And he-
I'm not lying when I say that the comic
is one of the greatest things I've ever seen.
It totally beats the shit out of anything we've ever done,
which is kind of disappointing.
It kind of is depressing, yeah.
But if you like it, follow him.
Tell everybody to go get his comic, Body Lasts.
And because it is a sort of a faux origin story, I guess,
of My Brother, My Brother, Me.
A foraging story of how My Brother, My Brother, Me
got started.
It's, like I said, he did a lot of work on it.
And I think it's, even if I hadn't written it,
I would think it's really funny
because it is just objectively great.
And also you can go to, mainly because of what he did.
I didn't really do that much.
But you can go to bodylastcomic.com
and see some more of his work.
But it's a super nice thing he did.
It's actually his idea.
We didn't have to badger him into it,
which is kind of nice too.
This week, you should come see us at PAX East,
if you're headed out that way.
I think Griffin and I will both be
at the Joystick Podcast Live, Friday, 7.30.
I forget the-
I can't stress enough how much I will not be there.
The extent to which Travis will not be there
cannot be measured by traditional instruments.
I mean, he will really not be there.
This would be a good time for you to come
and tell us that you donated and come get your spoon on.
Come get a spoon.
I am gonna say hugs,
but Griffin will be offering some spooning.
Where are we laying down?
I don't know, maybe on this ocean of sumo chairs
that are all over the place.
God, it's gonna be like a comfortable,
like it'll be like nirvana.
Yeah.
And of course, one last time before we go,
and think about it,
this is the last time I've talked about this for a year.
If you guys step up and really just crush it,
it's the Max Fun Pledge Drive.
At the very least, get in there,
make your five buck pledge and get your stickers
and your membership card and your bonus content,
your free shows, your free videos, all that loot,
and walk away with, most importantly,
a warm and toasty feeling inside of you
because you helped develop the thermoboner, A.
B, helped to support something you like
as much as we hope you like us.
And if you can't get five bucks, give more.
Because come on, step up.
Make it hurt.
All we want, all we ask is that you take it to the limit.
Just take it to the limit.
If you can do $35, you get a fricking AMFM radio
that charges itself like some sort of magic thing
and charge your phone too, it's incredible.
If you donate, let me ask you this.
If you give a one-time donation of a million dollars,
I will have sex with you.
You're welcome.
No, no, no. You're welcome.
What's that movie, Indecent Proposal?
Sexy Proposal.
Sexy Proposal Time.
Million bucks?
I'll fuck you.
I'll break you off your fuck, no big deal.
Dude or lady?
Dude or lady?
You making any boundaries?
If it's a dude, I'm gonna say 1.5 mil,
just because that would be a pretty significant change
in my life.
That would constitute a pretty big sea change.
It's a pretty crazy branch that you just said.
In order for that to pan out,
I'm gonna need a little extra cheddar,
a little extra Velveeta on them notch bros.
But for a lady, beautiful, beautiful lady, 1 mil.
For a not so beautiful lady, 1.2.
We'll cut, we'll, we'll, we'll.
What about a beautiful man?
Beautiful man?
1.2.
Sounds good.
Hey, I think we just learned a Griffin McElroy secret,
which is hot dudes and ugly women
are in the same sexual hour three days.
In the same biosphere.
As always, you can go to mbnbam.com,
find all the ways to ask us questions.
Thank you guys for your support
and thanks for hanging out with us.
And we hope you appreciate the comic,
which is just sort of our little way of saying
thanks for being here and thanks for,
thanks for being our friends still.
And Griffin, last question.
This one was sent in by Jacob Locker as well.
Thanks, Jacob Locker.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Spanna, who asks,
can babies see spirits?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother Nate.
He's your dad.
Let's go wear on the lips.
Keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart, three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Play your part.
