The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome to our new friends, welcome to old friends.
You've made it once again to my brother, my brother, and me, an advice show for the modern
era. I am your host Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy.
And this is a new era. It's a bold new day, as you heard from our theme music. This is familiar.
It's not too familiar, but it will still be pretty much the same. So it's not exactly like
the song, but you get the message. It's nothing like the song. It's a good song.
It's a good song. It's a good ass song. Long mentors gave us permission because we are now
fancy, fancy gentlemen. Now, what could have prompted a move like this? Is it the worry
of lawsuits from an extremely powerful and rich musical group like ABBA?
Yes, absolutely. Absolutely. That's 99% of it is my fear of death in prison.
You think we will die in prison because we don't have the rights to use that song. And here's the
weird thing. ABBA not so good by returning our phone calls. We try our best, but no dice. But
but but we do want to signify a change because we have it's kind of a big deal today. It's it's
exciting news. If this is the first place you're hearing about it, it is. It is still pretty
exciting, even if you already know my brother, my brother, me. Has joined. With the maximum fun
network Voltron, like we we are the left foot of the maximum fun robot, right?
Could we also be like Megazord? I mean, does it have to be Voltron or can we go into like
Mighty Morphin Power? I'm more comfortable with Mighty Morphin Power.
Ideally, we would be like Dragonzord and we could be like our whole other mech,
but I don't think I'm not going down this road with you guys. There are new people listening.
I don't know. I'm just saying we pull out our magic green ranger flute and we summon the
Dragonzord. I don't have to make a big deal out of it. I can't do this with you. I can't do it.
Oh, you're thinking more of like a white saber, too. Like the Red Ranger.
Not one word. I'll quit. I swear to Jesus.
No, this is an advice show for the modern era.
And a Power Rangers fan cast.
And a Power Rangers fan cast. We used to do VR Troopers, too, but that one ran dry.
If we get into Beatleborgs, I quit.
We had a brief big bad Beatleborgs phase, but we grew out of that pretty quickly.
Now it's pretty much just advice and Power Rangers and tattooed teenage
alien fighters from Beverly Hills.
It's the same for our pizza cats. We're all about that shit.
But no, this is an advice show. We take your questions and questions from
various sources throughout time and space, and we transform them alchemy-like into wisdom.
So I know that if you're new to the show, or old friends, then you've probably got a lot of
questions and we will deal with those at the end of the show and try to address those.
And of course, we welcome you to get in contact with us.
But practical upside is, it's all good stuff.
It's a really exciting thing for us personally,
but it's not going to represent a big change to the show.
It's still going to be the same thing, pretty much.
I said, we are contractually obligated to stop talking about Power Rangers.
It was like the first thing that they said.
I don't know what it is. It's just that the Max Fun Network and Bandai have just this
long-standing grudge. I can't even recall where it started, but-
Rancorous is how I discuss the relationship. It's rancorous. It's full of rancor.
Max Fun also wanted us to change the name of the show to Chuckle Fraternity, but we
shot them down on that. So we're already taking-
We are replacing Travis, but that is sacrifices, you know what I mean?
We're currently at the point where Jesse Thorne standing in for Tom Hanks would
tell us to change our name from the Oneaters to the Wonders.
You know what? I've had a good run.
Yeah.
I mean, you served a very important purpose on this show as Gilbert Godfrey's placeholder.
Spoiler alert, that is who we're replacing with.
We've gotten a lot of notes on the show,
and most of them have to do with that it's just not grating enough to the ears.
Sonically, it's too pleasing.
They want it to be sonically unpleasing. So we're just going to get Gilbert Godfrey on
One Week We Might Have Tom Waits. Just people who are just generally unpleasant to listen to.
Snooki, making sure to tune in.
In fact, one episode, just no McElroys at all. Just Snooki, Tom Waits, and Gilbert Godfrey.
God, listen to that show.
God, it's wonderful.
We got a Yahoo answer from-
That's my Tom Waits.
How it is? That's good. That's very good. All right.
To be fair, that's also your Tom Hanks.
Pussy footin' around. Let's get into the wisdom, into the knowledge, and let's open it up.
This comes to us from FormSpring.
Hey, MBMBAM, I have a problem falling asleep every night.
If I go to bed at 10, I end up falling asleep around one or two,
and I usually have to get up early, meaning I only get, at most, five hours of sleep every day.
What do you guys do to fall asleep faster?
Yeah, this is our high-energy, maximum-
This is our high-energy opening, Travis.
How do you fall asleep?
Well, everyone sleeps.
Give me something that we want to appeal to everybody.
If you did this intentionally, you're a genius.
If it's an accident, you're a dumb-
Guys, falling asleep.
So far, I would say just listen to this particular episode of our podcast.
Step one.
Welcome.
Well, okay.
First, jerky.
Just jerking so right.
I feel like we're on a first date right now.
I feel like we're on a first date with somebody that we met on the internet,
and, like, I don't know, everything we say, like, you're gonna just assume-
The first words out of your mouth?
That's just what we're all about.
You sit down at the table, it's like, hi, I'm Paul, jerking it.
What?
That's a weird intro, Paul, but let's go with it.
I think if you are still on board by the end of the episode, then we've got you for life.
If you've already tuned away, it probably wasn't meant to be.
Let me go ahead and change course here and give some advice.
Oh, no.
No, first and foremost, what's important is to change your habits before going to bed.
Do not read in bed.
Do not watch TV in bed.
The bed is a place for sleeping.
If you train your mind to getting used to doing other things in bed,
it'll be harder to fall asleep.
Wait, nothing?
Well, you jerk it.
That's not it at all.
That's not, like, a good-
That's actually really wicked bad advice.
That's, like, bad advice.
That's what any sleep therapist will tell you.
That your bed is a sleep temple that you can't do anything else in?
Well, sleep therapists tell you to have sex in the kitchen?
Like, is that what you're saying to me?
No, I'm saying when you're getting ready for bed, not for the sexy time,
but when you're getting ready for bed, get ready for bed.
Don't, you know, go to bed and then play video games for an hour.
Don't watch TV.
You know, you can sex it up in there.
But, you know, when you're going to sleep-
Just don't make that noise.
Just go to sleep.
Do not make that noise while you do it.
So wait, wait, wait.
Let me get this straight, Travis.
What you're saying, and you're claiming to be backed up by medical science.
Yes, yes I am.
That when you get into bed, you should lie perfectly still and just wait.
Is that what you're saying to me?
Travis, did Travis learn how to sleep in prison?
Because that's what it said.
I'm not screaming to stop.
You should just go to sleep.
I can't, I don't have a switch like that.
I have to fucking trick my body into not being conscious anymore.
My body wants to be awake so much.
But you also drink like bottles and bottles of NyQuil every night.
No, no, cause that's a slippery slope.
Get down that road.
Like my body knows that when I'm asleep, I'm basically dead for like eight hours.
Sure.
And that's, you know, not only terrifying, but wasteful.
There's a lot of things I could be doing with my dead time.
So yeah, I have to like trick it.
I have to like, I have to like sit on my legs for a while until my legs fall asleep.
And the rest of my body is like, yeah, might as well just go for it.
You think about the world we live in today.
It's 2011.
At any moment I could press a button and have any
television program or book read to me by the author or movie or anything at my finger.
How am I supposed to sleep through that?
Like think about all the amazing things I have at my disposal.
How can I convince myself that sleeping would be better than that?
Oh, so we're going the opposite way.
We're just telling him to like, forget it.
Forget sleep.
Make do with that five hours and maybe do something with your life.
Have you guys ever tried to drink warm milk?
It's foul.
It's fucking gross.
You have to like, first of all, you got to chortle down that skin that forms on the top.
Like you have to break the, the what's that thing called?
The seal, the Muffet, the Muffet.
Yeah, it's called the Muffet.
Yeah.
You got to break the Muffet.
Um, yeah.
And that's, that's not a pleasant, that's not a pleasant taste at all.
And everybody knows that's where the sleeping is.
You got to drink the skin or if you don't drink the Muffet, if you don't drink the Muffet,
you'll be up for hours.
Can you buy, can you buy piecemeal Muffet?
Yeah.
Yeah.
They're dehydrated.
But really the only place I've ever seen it though is at Cracker Barrel.
Yeah, they do.
You know, it's like in the old timey paper wrapping and you're going to
Sure, sure.
You place some checkers, um, you, you eat some liquor sticks and then you
The great, the great irony is of course that anybody would ever eat at Cracker Barrel and
not want to sleep instantly.
That's like you need it.
Um, but, uh, so, so eat your Muffets, go to Cracker Barrel and never read in bed.
I think it's a pretty good takeaway.
Um, I've been happily married for three years, but I've been noticing something that I no
longer think is a coincidence.
I've been getting a lot more attention from ladies ever since I got married.
I was never a real lady killer in the first place.
That's good.
But I did all right since I've been married.
However, I've gotten flirted with much, much more than I ever did when I was single.
What's up with that?
Mike.
So Mike is Mike's now killing, killing ladies.
Yeah.
That's really cool because, um, as a chronically single male, uh, that's like the one thing
that I have.
That's like the one leg up is that like I have the opportunity to do that if I wanted
to, but I don't and you do and you can't use it.
So that's cool that you're just so, you just have this embarrassment of lady attention.
That's, I'm really happy for you, Mike.
Griffin, have you, have you considered putting a ring on it?
Um, that's some, that's like that Adam, the Adam Sandler is making a movie about that
and I try to live my life avoiding any phony baloney Adam Sandler movie scenarios.
Except for the time that I sold you that magical remote control.
There was that.
And I did, I did go back to elementary school at the age of like 25.
So, um, yeah.
No, I'm really worried during that time period, by the way.
Yeah.
And that was the only, that was only to recruit for your jump rope team.
So I don't think that it's not the same thing.
Well, I here's, here's my thinking on this is that it's not that I would like to believe
enough in humanity that it's not that every woman is attract instantly attracted to a
guy because he is married.
But I think it's more that you become more comfortable.
You're not trying to impress anyone.
I mean, you've already got, you know, your significant other, so you're not working at
it, which instantly makes you more attractive.
So true.
That's it.
A hundred percent.
If every single guy listening to the show can take away one thing, it is if you just
relax and stop working, it makes you so much cooler.
Like women will like you so much more if you're not trying to impress them.
Brain married.
That's what I call it.
You gotta be brain married.
I like that.
I like that a lot.
How deep, how deep does that, that inception go though?
Like, I mean, I need to obviously a name for my brain wife, right?
I would need a name and like a story of how we met, how I met my, how I met my wife.
How I met your brain mother.
I'm saying I can, I can invent an entire scenario around a person and then not let anybody know
about it except for me.
I can do that.
Like I've played Dungeons and Dragons.
I'm totally capable of suspending entire, you know, worlds in my mind's eye.
Those two skills dovetail so nicely.
Because I know that when I'm trying to stop impressing women, the first thing I do is
talk about Dungeons and Dragons.
Hi.
And that, and you know what?
A lot of people try to keep this, their brain wife secret.
I say, yeah, open with it.
I say, hi, my name is Griffin.
I have an imaginary wife and a great skill at playing Dungeons and Dragons.
Would you like to dance with me?
And you know something?
My favorite December's album is The Brain Wife.
So I just wanted to, I thought I'd kill that conversation.
Thanks, Griffin.
Yeah, you did it.
Mission accomplished.
You guys want to hear a Yahoo?
I would love to.
Yahoo Answers.
Can you tell us about those, Griffin?
Yahoo Answers are, they come from a website that is also called Yahoo Answers, and they
are written by the dregs of humanity.
And we take them and we make fun of the people who ask them.
That's not true.
We help them.
Griffin, don't break the solution for me.
I do believe that everybody who asks a Yahoo answer question is beyond help from anybody.
Okay, do it.
This one was sent in by Matty B.
Thank you, Matty B.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Jessica, who asks, help with my own urban legend?
In my English class, we're having this huge project on urban legends.
My job is to create my own urban legend, but I'm having trouble making a good plot.
I need suggestions.
I can write romance, horror, suspense, supernatural, par, et cetera.
Wait, what?
I don't, maybe golf, golf themed urban legends.
I don't understand.
So I would prefer one of these topics in it.
I know there are non scary urban legends out there, but I like creepy.
It can possibly happen to you stories.
Does she, does this urban legend have to be about her?
I don't know if it has to be about her or her.
What is the name of this emailer, this asker?
Jessica, which is nearly impossible to make.
She must, she must have been early on the Yahoo answer stream.
She was able to get Jessica as her username.
Oh, that's a pretty sweet username.
I hear people are just selling those off now for like six figures.
It's pretty cherry.
Jessica, the legend of Jessica.
And then hiding in the backseat, here's Jessica.
Like that's not really scary, is it?
Well, maybe, maybe we can find some inspiration and some answers.
What do you, what do you think?
Let's just dip in there and see what happens.
Answer one says a bad storm comes and everyone is safe, but one young teenage boy.
At the same time every morning, weird things happen where his death took place.
It begins to attract more and more kids from his school, especially those who were close to him.
Things begin to get stranger and stranger.
Now that's my favorite part in every horror story is when things begin to get stranger and stranger.
Those who were close to him decide to use a Ouija board to communicate with him at that same time,
the same day, a year later.
Unfortunately, they learned that it wasn't him the hard way.
Wait, wait, hold on.
Best thing I, best thing I could spring up at this time.
Maybe you can work with it in other people's ideas.
Wait, wait, wait.
The kid lived, I thought.
Did it?
Because a bad storm came and everyone was safe except for one young teenage boy.
Please try to get to, yeah.
That is the worst urban legend I've ever heard.
Hey, it's the best thing that they could spring up at this time.
But the whole point of an urban legend is that you tell it to somebody and they go,
oh yeah, I think I know someone that that happened to.
Like who's going to listen to this?
Like, oh yeah, I remember when that one young boy was in danger from the one storm,
even though everyone else was safe.
But then a year later they used a Ouija board, but it turned out it wasn't him the hard way.
What?
I think it's got stranger and then later stranger.
What things?
Have you noticed how strange this toast is?
Yeah, I also noticed that this cup was strange.
Everything's getting stranger and stranger.
It's getting really strange today.
Hey, hey man.
My favorite Stephen King book is the one where my favorite line of his was,
and then the guy went to a place and this scary thing happened.
And it got scarier and scarier.
They thought it was a scary thing, but it was another one.
Boo.
The hard way.
Ghosted shit.
What's the easy way to figure out that a ghost is a different ghost?
Like find a note?
So wait, did they think-
Okay, so they try to get in touch with this little boy, Jessica, on the Ouija board.
And it turned out that he-
Is it that he didn't die or that there was another ghost hidden?
I think there was another ghost.
He definitely died.
This is all just a really great spectral coincidence because,
I mean, ghosts have to hang out where they die, like forever.
Right?
Ghosts can't just wonder unless they have Beetlejuice powers.
But even then, they couldn't leave the house, right?
Or else they got eaten by the dune sandworm.
I haven't seen that movie in a long time.
So I guess two ghosts got killed at the same place,
and one was significantly scarier and stranger and stranger than the other one.
I don't know.
This obviously needs some workshopping.
How about answer two?
Who says, with my creative mind, I will help you.
Oh, good.
Oh, God. That's good, Eddie.
This old woman lives in an old house with an old husband,
and at night you can always see a candle lit in the top window of the attic.
It is said they practice the occult.
I heard it through the grapevine that these old, old dudes-
Did you hear it through the grapevine? People say they hear moaning and screams coming from the cellar and home.
Are you hearing screaming?
I am.
I can't tell if it's coming from their cellar or from the-
Let's go in and investigate, because I don't know if it's from the lower part of the house or the upper part.
The cellar is not part of the home proper.
I think we can all agree.
A cellar is basically a second bullshit home that you keep buried underneath your regular home,
because you're so embarrassed of it, because it's just one big stupid room.
Did you guys notice the moaning and screaming that comes from their cellar or home?
Yeah, I heard that they practice the occult.
And also, there's a candle in the window.
Why did you bring up the candle?
This is the best story ever.
We're talking about occult. Why did you bring up the candle, bro?
Screams and stuff, and it turns out there's a candle in their window.
Guys, it's about to get stranger and stranger. Just buckle up.
Okay.
After about 20 years, the woman and man disappear.
Okay.
The purchaser of the home finds a secret door in the cellar.
He also finds marked graves.
Wait, wait, wait. The seller of the- the person who sold the home to him?
Oh shit, this is getting-
Yes, there was a secret door hidden inside the body of the real estate agent who sold this spooky,
spooky home.
He also finds marked graves.
There have been children disappearing for years in the town.
Maybe you could have mentioned that earlier.
Uh, and when they dig up the graves, they only find three of the 14 missing.
Where are the rest?
Why are there three there?
Right.
They say the rest were buried in the backyard.
They dig up the backyard to no avail.
This is boring!
Wait, wait, what?
Here's some other shit that has no significance.
Did you hear the one about the guys who went in the forest looking for the monster?
There was no monster there, but still, it was pretty creepy.
Yeah, they got really- got close to his friends.
Another- another secret door in the attic is discovered.
What's it?
There-
There's a candle!
There are the bones and skulls of the remaining 12 children.
The old people have disappeared, and to this day, might be your neighbors.
It is-
I know my neighbors.
They are not-
I- I don't-
I don't- it is said with the occult, they were in- they found a way to live forever.
Good luck.
Are you still going on with this?
Yeah, that's it.
Okay.
It ends with good luck.
Here's a quick- a quick lesson in- in urban legend.
Urban legend.
Kid was sticking his head out a window, a car was passing with a dog sticking their
head out the window, the kid knocked the dog's head off.
That's an urban legend.
Yeah, or like chupacabra.
Like, these are all good urban legends.
Not-
Fucking-
And then they look in the basement, but they couldn't find anything.
There was an old house with old people in it, and there were screams in it, and also
a candle, and then 20 years passed, and people bought it, and they found three out of 14
missing kids, and they thought they looked in the backyard, but nope.
Got an attic.
It's bones and shit.
They're not your neighbors.
The thing that's- that's fucking me up is the- okay, where is the graveyard?
Is that clarified?
I think it's in-
The marked graves?
The secret door in the cellar?
No, no, no.
The graveyard that they find with the gravestones and stuff.
Yeah, it's in the secret door in the cellar.
Okay, okay, so, okay.
So wait.
These old people basically have been killing kids for sacrifice, and they- they went to
their basement after they killed them and dug 14 graves and put like, marks up and stuff,
right?
They only put- they only put three dead kids in there.
Yeah, so they were planning on being far busier than they had planned originally.
Is that- or he got lazy, like, Carl, will you please take those dead kids out of the
attic and bury them in our cellar?
I mean, that's- that's the thing, isn't it?
First of all, first of all, one thing I just put together-
I did it already, June!
They dug up the graves and only found three of the 14 children missing, but they found
12 kids worth of bones in the attic.
They found an extra kid.
That's 15- that's 15 dead kid bodies, like-
Where did this extra kid come from?
I don't know, just check it.
Where did these numbers come from in the first place?
This guy's typing on y'all here answers.
There's like 14 kids, I guess.
If you grew up in this fictional town, you would- you would know about the 14 missing
kids.
I think- I think we can just assume that.
This is like, lost.
I want to know more about this.
This is-
Here's my issue.
You have one issue.
I have one issue.
I have one plot point, one hole that- that my- my comprehension is falling through.
They have 11.
That is this.
All right.
So they look in the cellar where there were screams coming from, and they find three of
the bodies, and they find the rest in the goddamn attic where no streams were coming
from.
The screams were either coming from the cellar or the home.
They don't mention the attic.
Why are there bodies in the attic?
And like, from what I understand, these people, these occultists, were old as fuck.
Like, how are they going to carry 12 kid- 12 super, super dead kids up three flights
of stairs, assuming the house is two stories tall?
Have you ever- ever tried to carry a dead kid?
Because it's like cord- like, it is-
It's heavier than you would think.
Like-
They go limp.
Like, they go wicked limp, and you've got to-
They do not help whatsoever.
No, they're not pitching in.
Why would these people not get a sing- I wish the town would all chip in and get these
people like a nice, you know, single level, maybe a wheelchair ramp, something a little
bit more accessible, so they can kill kids and not have to put their old, old joints
in- in such disrepair?
This is just really bad planning.
I- I expect more from our- our nation's elderly.
Hey, my bim bam, I have this friend on Facebook who comments on almost every single post people
put up, and it's usually just stupid, meaningless things like lull or smiley faces.
He's starting to get really on my nerves, and I know other people are annoyed too.
I don't want to confront him about this, and deleting him as a friend seems too harsh.
Any advice?
Oh, man.
Man.
Deleting him as a friend, how will he ever recover?
I know, and you don't want to confront him either.
Brad, if you're not going to confront a Facebook friend, you're going to have to deal with
the fucking lulls, my buddy.
Yeah.
This is America.
This is one of those, like, it's almost like a trick question where him doing it isn't
that bad, and you telling him to stop doing it isn't that bad.
It's fucking Facebook.
It's Facebook!
Nothing matters!
Just don't read his stupid comments!
Yeah, either ignore it, because it's fucking Facebook.
Nothing on the internet that you do matters, especially not on Facebook.
Yeah.
Now, if he was coming over to your house every day and, like, knocking on your door and saying
lull and running off, by all means, kill that man.
No, no, that'd be awesome.
Whatever.
I would love that.
I need that friend in my life.
What if you could have him, like, behind your couch, so you're talking to your brain wife,
and you make a really good zinger, and he just pops up, lull, and then hides that way.
I'd take it back.
That would rule.
It would be awesome, right?
He just makes a smiley face with his face, and then goes away.
And he just gives you a thumbs up and says, I like this, and then goes away.
Who's at the window?
There's somebody at the window.
It's Frank.
He's smiling.
He's smiling at what you just said.
He's just letting us know that this video we were talking about is really funny.
There's some people like that on the internet that just, they're incapable of either creating
or finding things that are awesome, so they just, you know, they react to them, but they
do it with two to four keystrokes.
That's like all the energy that they have in them.
And that's fine.
Those people have their place.
I appreciate the economy of that, because if he was getting on and every single thing
everyone posted, and he would type out a paragraph describing why he enjoyed that thing and why
others should enjoy it too, dude, just put a smiley face so I can ignore it and move
on with my life and get back to Farmville, you know?
Like is a good button.
Tell him to start using like.
Tell him that you, tell him that you give 10 cents to charity every time he clicks like
on something and it just, and doesn't comment on it.
Let's go a little more life affirming.
We have a, we have a special question.
Who did, who did this one come to us from, Griffin?
This one was sent in by one Mr. Jonathan Anderson.
Okay.
And you know what?
It's such a special occasion.
Let's let Jonathan ask himself.
What do you think?
Go for it.
Hey guys, this is John from Brooklyn and I'm in need of a bit of advice.
I've been dating my girlfriend Katie for the last four years.
We met at college and have been madly in love ever since.
I recently dropped stacks on a engagement ring for her, but just can't think of the
best way to do it.
Can you guys tell me how to, how I should propose to this, the love of my life?
Thanks guys.
Bye bye.
A fine question.
Uh, a difficult, uh, a difficult thing to do, do well.
Um, we have, we've actually answered this question before, uh, but it was a, it was
a total phony joke.
Uh, and this time, unless Jonathan's running the short grift on us, I think it's legit.
Yeah, I think it's legit.
Welcome.
What a treat for our, uh, uh, maximum fun friends, our new maximum fun friends that
they are here for our very first, very real wedding proposal.
Now, uh, maybe we could just walk Jonathan through this step-by-step.
Yeah.
I mean, he's in the moment right now, like listening to our voice.
This is, this is the most magical moment of his entire life.
Take a knee left or right.
Doesn't matter.
No, right knee.
Cause if you take a left knee, go right knee.
You know how the divorce rate is 50 50.
It's because the knees.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So go down to the right or it's over.
Right.
Okay.
Now you're going to reach in your pocket and make eye contact.
This is very important.
Don't fall over.
Don't fall over cause then you'll be a joke.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And look at her straight in the eye.
I hope if she has eyes, let's say she has eyes.
Okay.
Look her straight in the eye.
Okay.
No, like, no, not like that, Jonathan.
You're looking too serious.
Like, look, it's a good, it's a good moment.
Have like a half smile.
Half smile.
Like a half, like knowing smile.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
Now sweat a little bit more than you are right now.
Yeah.
Can you give your hair a little must just to give it some rakish charm?
There we go.
That's good.
Great.
All right.
He's already done it.
We just done it.
We took too long.
No, no, no.
He's still, he's still in the moment.
He's going step by step.
Okay.
Now you're going to pull your hands out, but you're going to do this like clamshell kind of thing.
Where you're like, you're covering something up in your hand.
What could it be?
And it's a candy.
It's a Werther's original.
Catch her off guard first.
She won't see that coming.
And then explain to her that you got her a picture of a ring.
It's a ring you got off Craigslist and a picture of it.
Cause the guys that brought it by yet, but he seems straight up.
No, you have a ring.
Get the ring out.
You open the ring, but open it sort of close to her face.
So it looks bigger.
This is key.
You got to do this.
You got to do it just that way.
Now pull back a little bit cause you're freaking her out.
Yeah.
Now, and hopefully she's crying at this point.
Oh, she's openly weeping.
Okay.
Good.
It's happy tears though.
Okay.
Do we know her name?
Katie.
It's Katie.
Katie.
Katie.
Look at this boy, Katie.
He is here for you.
He's chosen the most romantic way that I could think of to ask you to be with him forever and
ever and ever and ever and ever.
And I straight up, I mean this with all respect.
You're not going to do any better.
No, no, no.
He's the best you're going to do.
Look at it.
Jonathan Anderson.
Are you kidding me?
That's the most powerful.
That name is just, that's, that's a virile name.
It's full of guys.
It's full of Vim and vigor.
You can't get any better than that.
His knee is starting to hurt guys.
We got to bring this up.
We're going to put on some mood music.
Justin's going to put on On the Wings of Love.
We're going to edit that in right now.
I definitely won't forget to do that.
Okay.
So now, oh, that's good.
That's going real good.
Now, Jonathan, look her in the eyes.
We're going to give you like literally three seconds to say something special.
Go.
And then, okay, now ask her.
Do it.
Katie, come back.
Katie, no, wait.
Hey, Jonathan.
Listen.
Hey, wait.
She's back.
She's back.
Okay.
She rethought it.
She rethought it.
It looks like, that looks like a big yes.
So congratulations.
This is a weird way to do this because we have no way.
He said he was going to send in their, send in their response.
God almighty.
God, I really hope it's yes, or this one thing is just so sad.
Jonathan, listen.
If it's not a yes, you can never let us know.
We couldn't take the rejection, honestly.
What do you think he said?
How do you think he phrased it?
How do you think he said?
I think he just said, I'm sorry.
I'm so, so sorry.
Seemed like such a good idea before, but now it seems like a really bad idea that I had.
Let's not tell the kids.
Write us in five years and we'll help you come up with a story for how it really happened.
What if he just said, like, get at me, he just put that ring out there.
I was just like, hey, get at it, get it.
He looks at her.
He's like, Hey, weirdest first date ever, right?
Hey,
congratulations.
You too.
I'm sure, I'm sure it went well.
Or condolences the other way.
Yeah, one of those two.
Hey, how about we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we,
we break up the flow a little bit with a, with a Yahoo.
Okay.
This one was sent in by Jonathan Bartram.
Thank you, Jonathan Bartram.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Donnie J.
Who asks, do aliens go to heaven and hell also?
There is no way earth is the only planet with life out of billions of planets.
So does aliens from other parts of the universe go to hell and heaven also,
or is it only strictly for humans?
We've addressed the, the concept of, of, um, you know, extraterrestrial spirituality in a previous
episode, uh, where we established that each planet does in fact have its own Jesus.
Uh, so everybody knows that.
I think that it only makes sense that other planets would have their own heavens too,
because I don't want to sound like a bigot or nothing.
I don't want to spend eternity with a bunch of, a bunch of off worlders, which is, uh,
as everyone knows the, the racist term for outer space.
Here's the thing though.
This is what you're forgetting.
If by alien, you, you are implying that is someone from another planet coming to our planet.
And as everyone knows, if you die on this planet, you're under the jurisdiction of Earth God.
Of Earth God and Earth Jesus.
Yeah.
A lot of people, a lot of planets will actually like, if you're an alien and you
do something really terrible, like you'll make a run for the border and then try to
die when you cross it.
Cause Mars Jesus, Mars Jesus and Mars God will follow you right to like the border.
You know that asteroid belt between the two?
It'll follow you right there.
And then it's sort of like smoking the band, like throw his hat down.
Like, Oh God, got away again.
And then you got to go die on Earth.
And then Earth.
But Earth heaven beats the shit out of Mars heaven.
It beats the shit out of basically our whole, the whole Milky Way thing that we have.
Earth is totally the best.
I think we can all agree.
Well, if you come from Mars, yeah.
But if you die on Earth and then go to Earth heaven, a lot of people think it's a step
down because they they're still making coffee from pots instead of like those pods, like
single serve up in Earth heaven.
But to be fair, have you guys ever visited Neptune heaven?
That's the party heaven.
Is it really?
Is that party heaven?
Yeah.
That is the party heaven.
Don't get me wrong.
Their infrastructure is shit.
Like there's no clean water and the bathrooms suck.
But it is a rave 24 seven.
It's a very, it's a very cold, moist planet.
So I think that I, I guess that raving is really all they have to do there.
You know, if you drink a tube of fluorescent while you're in Neptune heaven, nothing happens.
It's like the best thing.
If you drink a glow stick, you mean?
If you drink the glow stick.
Yeah, exactly.
No grip.
A tube of fluorescent.
That's why the words wouldn't come.
That's what they call them in the UK.
Yeah, crazy.
Give me a tube of that fluorescent juice.
God blimey.
Oh, good.
That's great, Travis.
We're showing off our talents on this, our first maximum fun episode.
Quick, Griffin, play the spoons.
We, no, but you, do you know what happened when they declassified Pluto as a planet?
All those spirits were injected into the inky blackness of space.
Good work, scientist.
Thanks, scientist.
You sent a bunch of souls to oblivion forever.
Yeah, Pluto Nash is actually about him looking for the spirit of his grandma
Ma to rescue her from the abyss.
That's true.
That's science.
All joking aside.
Yeah, finally.
This is, this is why the space race is still so, just so vitally important because we've
only spread the word of Earth Jesus to the moon and that's, that's it.
The rest of it, I mean, we shoot satellites with Earth Jesus's message, like into the
stars, into the heavens, but, but I don't know.
I feel like that's not as effective as, you know, an actual astronaut armed with the,
the good book and maybe a few chick tracks.
So, just support NASA with all your money because it'll help save aliens from going
to hell forever.
You don't want aliens to go to hell and Mars, hell, forget about it.
Mars is already basically hell and then you add on the fact that it's hell.
Well, you don't want any slice of that.
I take city buses to and from my college campus and last month I noticed a dollar on the floor
above my feet.
Since no one was near me and no one seemed to be freaking out over lost money, I decided
to take it.
I feel that if I had asked any other passengers if it was theirs, any unscrupulous individual
would have claimed it was theirs, regardless of whether it was or not.
What's the proper etiquette in this situation?
Is it better to ask around or is it a reward for the first person who knows it on the ground?
Sincerely, victim of circumstance, victim of circumstance.
What year are you living in that a dollar is worth thinking about?
Yeah, I wouldn't even pick it up.
I tear it in half.
Have you seen the economy?
It's not only the tremendous physical effort that goes into bending down and retrieving
an item from the ground, it's, you're basically, you're selling your own shame whenever you
pick up money off the ground.
You are selling your shame because you should be ashamed because you're like a dog, you're
like a plebe, you're like a peasant picking up whatever scraps of currency that people
have left lying around for you.
It's shameful and I don't think that a dollar is a good exchange rate.
I wouldn't do it for anything less than ten.
I read in Monocle that the rich are, have been taking up throwing money on the ground
and waiting for poor people to pick it up.
Yeah, like for sport.
So that, you don't want to be the puppet in the game, like in Hard Target with John
Golf Van Damme, where you're playing a rich man's game.
Like you want to, you want to be your own man who doesn't bend over for money.
Now fiver, all right.
Fiver is, a fiver is, I don't know, it's a gray area in my mind.
I say one, fuck no, coins, don't be a, don't be a child, don't even think about coins.
See, I disagree with that, if it's a quarter, I'll pick it up.
Cause who doesn't always need a quarter?
That's the thing man, parking meters, I always need a quarter.
Yeah.
And who doesn't always want some gum and you're like, who has coins?
No one has coins.
Yeah.
You're basically, it's a future, it's an investment in future gum if you pick up a
quarter, a dollar that you can't even get a soda with a dollar bill anymore.
Quarters are still useful.
You know what I do?
What?
I just pick people's pockets.
Just take it right out of their pockets.
Charles cuts out the middle man.
Yeah.
They're probably going to drop it anyway.
Yeah.
They want you to have it.
They want you to have it.
Now, pennies don't get me started on pennies.
If you give me pennies as change, like at the Costco or the Speedway, I will throw them
back in your face.
I think bending over to pick up a dollar is a hundred times worse than picking up a penny.
What is mathematically?
Yes.
Thank you.
What is the largest amount of money that you guys have found just like lying around in
the wild that you didn't have to work for?
You just sort of, you happened upon it and you made it your own by way of your actions.
I found $64 once.
I found $60 in an envelope at King's Island on a church trip.
And I think the good earth Jesusy thing to do would have been to give it to the lost
and found so it could be returned.
Because you know, you're a kid.
You put your money in an envelope when you go to a theme park because you don't have
a wallet yet.
But man, no.
Please tell me you did that.
Oh, I put that.
Oh, that shit went right in my pocket.
I bought a fanny pack with that money.
Ironically, if that kid has made that investment, he wouldn't have dropped his money.
Yeah.
Well, no, I took the money.
I took the remainder of the money and put it right in the fanny pack because I was a
pretty streetwise young kid.
You're a sucker.
I'm no sucker.
And I wore it with the buckle on the front so that nobody could snap it off on me.
Nice try, kid.
I found $64 at work and I did the right thing and I gave it to my boss and said, someone's
probably going to come asking for this.
And they didn't.
Which meant 30 days later, my boss just like randomly handed me $64 and was like, oh, here's
this, by the way, no one picked it up.
And it was like the sweetest like, hey, thanks for doing the right thing bonus.
But I don't think you get that same response from a dollar.
Like if you went up to the bus driver and said, excuse me, dear sir, I believe someone
dropped this.
Please hold on to it for me for 30 days in case someone comes to claim it.
Sure.
No, just go out and buy, I don't know, a pop.
What can you buy for a dollar?
When you're at work, you don't really have a choice in the matter, do you?
Because I could just like when I worked at GameStop, I could just like open up the register
and be like, oh, I found $2,300.
What do you know?
I guess it's mine now.
So I guess what we're saying is steal.
Yeah, but don't like go look and by the way, this is not rocket science.
If you find a larger amount that's actually worth your investment, pick it up.
See if anybody, look around, see if anybody's like giving you the stink eye and then say,
did anybody lose some money?
And they have to tell you exactly how much it was.
Yeah, just don't say that somebody lose $64 so someone lose money.
Because everybody will say, yes, right.
I would never do that.
I'm sorry, I would never do that.
If I find money on the ground, it's mine.
And I'll tell you why.
It's because I lost my wallet at Camden Park, which is weird because I just told two theme
park related stories in the same breath.
But like, I lost my wallet, okay?
And there were maybe $8 in it because I was just a little baby boy.
But I did have my learner's permit in there and like some other like important shit.
And nobody turned my wallet in.
They kept it for the $8.
The immense hassle I had to go through to get it like a new learner's permit and like
a new, I had like my social security card.
I had some shit in there, some important shit.
And it was gone forever over $8.
That's just that made me the angry shell of a person I am today.
If I find any money or any object on the ground, it's mine.
Sorry.
So it's like pay it forward.
It's pay it backward, actually.
It's pay it inward.
Excuse me?
It's pay it inward.
If somebody does something shitty to you, you do three shitty things to the rest of the planet.
You feel better about yourself.
You don't feel better about yourself.
You just get angry and angrier.
And then at the end-
So you feel worse.
In the end, you kill Haley Joel Osment.
I wanna watch that movie.
But that's the termination of it all.
All the wickedness that you've been building up, it all dies with him.
He dies for you.
Haley Joel Osment died for all your minuscule sins, like he being $8 from-
He was Pluto Jesus.
He was Pluto Jesus.
Do you think the way I'm talking right now, and I have been talking for the past two minutes,
is like how all criminals got started?
Why?
Why and why did you murder that family?
Because I lost my wallet at Cannon Park and never returned it in.
Eight goddamn dollars.
Eight goddamn dollars.
I had to go to the DMV, pay like 35 bucks, take the fucking test over again.
It like completely ruined my entire day over $8.
It's not worth it.
Apparently it ruined your life.
You're a bitter human being.
Yeah, you're really angry about this.
Do we wanna do one more Yahoo question or should we wrap it up?
We absolutely do.
Okay, break me off something.
You must have something.
Oh, man.
Oh, do I?
This one was sent in by Shonin413.
Thank you, Shonin.
It's by Yahoo Answers user question mark.
Who asks?
Okay, I need to perform a colonoscopy to myself.
I need a colonoscopy performed on me, but unfortunately in these economic times,
I cannot afford a doctor.
I'm pretty sure I could do it myself, but what should I get to perform?
The only store near me is a Home Depot, so the tools need to be from there.
What items should I get?
I have a very low budget, so don't pick anything too expensive.
You're gonna need a rubber hose.
You're kind of tying our hands.
I want a homemade colonoscopy, but I got maybe like eight bucks that I can drop on this.
I found it in a wallet at Camden Park.
I found it in a wallet at Camden Park, and now I'm gonna spend it on a butt camera.
Can you help?
Now, I can't imagine the kind of yoga one has to go into to operate a self-butt camera.
The tech required is outrageous.
I would say the smallest camera that I own is my iPhone 4, and even that is gonna be,
if you'll forgive the term, a stretch.
The thing that bothers me is not just that he doesn't just want to do a home one.
He wants to do a home one on the cheap.
You can't say, I'm gonna be cutting.
Yeah, you're already cutting the biggest corner.
There are no other corners to cut.
It's like oblong now.
You can't no longer cut corners.
You're out of them.
I'm all about pioneer spirit.
I'm all about DIY.
I'm all about looking up shit on the internet and then doing that shit without getting help
from other people, but this is a bridge too far, dawg.
Yeah, yeah, it is.
I love value.
Like everybody who knows me, they say, Justin Bargenhauer, that's what everybody calls me.
This is too much.
You've gone too far.
And nine months ago before we started doing this show, I would have thought this was a joke,
but reading the answers, it's a real concern.
Yeah, it's a real concern.
Take a flexible hollow half-inch diameter flex hose about two or three feet long.
Take a webcam housing off around the lens and circuit board.
Run a cable attached to webcam lens and circuit board through the hose.
Insert circuit board into flex hose and mount camera lens even with the tip of a hose.
Grind a flashlight lens down into the diameter of the hose.
Plug your computer in and turn the webcam on.
Ram the device up your ass and look for the-
Step six, kill cell.
Can I make a humble suggestion of maybe sell your fucking computer and get a colonoscopy?
Like as long as we're leaking outside the box.
Can we start a fundraising drive to get this dude to a colonoscopist?
Why is this your-
Why is that the plan?
How about-
How about what are some ways I can get some more money?
I guarantee if you went to any doctor and said,
I'm thinking about giving myself a self-colonoscopy unless you do it for free,
the doctor will do it for free.
I'm gonna hurt myself in my butt really bad if you do not come give me a hand here.
I'm gonna give it to you straight, doc.
You can either A. give me a free colonoscopy
or B. dig a homemade colonoscopy camera out of my butt hole in two hours.
You decide.
This is how we're gonna get healthcare.
This is how we're gonna get healthcare pushed through Congress.
Everybody calls their local representative and says,
hey, I'm about to irreversibly damage my rectal wall if you do not get this shit approved.
Hey, Obama.
Hey, Obama.
I'm gonna hurt myself.
This one's on you, bro.
Yes.
Yes, we can stick a webcam up our assholes.
Good news, I appear to be cancer-free.
Bad news, I'm never not defecating.
Anytime you see me, I basically-
I broke whatever flange or cap is supposed to be there.
Dear Yahoo Answers, I'm never not defecating.
Can you give me some homemade solutions?
There's only a home depot near me.
I need to be able to stop having boundaries at this point.
But good news, I can Skype from my anus, which is pretty cool.
That is really nice.
I own a new hit website.
Never not defecating is also my favorite podcast.
It's one of my favorites.
Jimmy Fardo, there.
What do I care?
What do I care?
It was just right there, I'll just snatch it out.
So this has been, my brother was so sorry.
You came aboard, you trusted the recommendations of people who you've come to know and love
over these years, and this is what it has gotten you.
Maybe, if nothing else, you've learned a valuable lesson about trust.
I want to hear Griffin's very last question that we'll use to finish the show, but
some housekeeping stuff.
You can always find us at mbnbam.com.
We will always be there.
There you can find all the methods for asking us questions.
Mbnbam at gmail.com is our email address to get in contact with us.
We have a Twitter account at mbnbam where you can ask us questions there, or you can,
we love it when people tweet questions using the mbnbam hashtag without that at at the
beginning so everybody can see it.
Our quotes from the show, people like to do that sometimes, and we always really appreciate
it.
We have a forum spring, it's formspring.me forward slash mbnbam.
We haven't mentioned it in a while, but we do have the phone number, which is, Griffin?
It's 203-ma-bim-bam-1.
So, real quick, so that's for the new folks.
New folks, thank you so much for joining us.
Please, if you like what you heard, subscribe on iTunes or, you know, I guess, Zune or whatever,
Blackberry or whatever other methods you like to use to listen to your podcasts, and please
come back next week.
We put a new episode up every Monday.
Very rarely do we miss one, so make sure you come out for that.
You can also follow us on Twitter.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
And I'm Griffin McElroy, but you can always suss that out.
Yeah, you probably sort that out yourself.
So, people who've been with us before now, I know that it might seem, you might be a
little worried.
So, let me get the most important thing out first.
Nothing's going to change.
Everything's going to be the same.
Except for everything.
Nothing gold can stay, Ponyboy.
Well, we did change the theme song.
That did change.
Yeah, that did change, but the show's going to stay the same.
Our website, you will see, will move over to Maximum Fun.
You'll still get to it through nbm.com, but we're going to move the website over there
and the forums over there, which I know that's kind of like, oh, we've already been posting
stuff, but everything can be the same there as it was.
Our two families, there's so much overlap that I think that everyone's just going to
get along really great.
It's like cheaper by the dozen, right?
It's like cheaper by the dozen.
Or step by step.
It's like step by, oh, that's so much better, Travis.
Thank you.
It's like step by step.
You're welcome.
And like our family-
I call Cody.
I'm Cody.
We are the Patrick Fuck.
Hi, I'm Patrick Fuck.
You might have heard of me from the boosted hazards.
What's that dude's name?
Tom Wopat.
No.
Patrick Dempsey.
Patrick, no, fuck.
The guy from step by step, the dad.
I know it.
I just don't want to tell you.
Duffy.
Okay.
We're the Duff and-
We're the Patrick Duffy's and you are the Suzanne Sommers.
Yeah.
And we would like to welcome all of our new listeners that found us through maxfund.org
and also all of our listeners that have never taken a chance to check out, you know, Jordan
Just To Go or Sound of Young America or any of the other ones.
Stop what you're doing right after you finish this podcast.
Yeah.
Run, don't walk and download.
Don't walk and download, we got started doing podcasts because of listening to the Max Fund
Network.
So really go subscribe to all of their shows and listen to them.
We promise we will not get jealous.
We not like that.
We have an open relationship with you.
You're going to see, we're going to have new merch and stuff and all that will be revealed
at a later point how we're going to be handling that.
But because we don't know.
Oh, and also we're going to start doing promotions on the show, which if you've heard other shows
on the Maximum Fund Network, then you know how those work.
If you want to do a personal or commercial message, we can definitely do that for you.
If you want more details on price or how to get started, you can email Teresa at Maximum
Fund.
That's Teresa with an H.
Uh, and, but it's not going to be, you know, like, uh, it's not going to impede your listening
pleasure.
No, no, no.
Promise it won't be, it won't be an annoyance.
We'll make it, we'll make it funny for you.
Well, we'll, we'll have some laughs.
Oh, don't worry about it.
We made, we, we made a wedding proposal serious.
There's a 50-50 chance it is not funny at all.
So I'd say there's a 50-50 chance that we got fucking taken for a ride.
You think?
We got great, yeah.
But if we didn't, congratulations, he's at home cuddling his brain wife.
Don't use this to propose to your brain wife, please.
If you have questions, this is not a joke.
If you have questions, email us or concerns.
You've been with us the whole time.
You're worried about what, what, what the future holds.
Uh, please email us.
The only thing that we're probably not going to negotiate on is the music.
Trust us, guys.
We, that wouldn't be like, hey, they changed music.
It would be like, what happened to Justin Travis?
They're in jail.
They're in Swiss jail.
They were extradited immediately.
So, so don't worry.
Don't worry about that.
But, uh, anything else, questions or concerns, um, or just congratulations.
We, that's nice.
NBNBAM at gmail.com.
Shoot us a line.
Let us know what's going on.
Our call either way.
And, um, thank you so much for your support over the months because it's been, it's really
because of you guys, um, that we're still doing this.
And the main reason we wanted to, to join up with Max Fun is just to expand to other
people, introduce other people to the show, grow the family as it were.
If you've seen the hit show, Sister Wives, it's basically like that.
We're basically the newest sister wife.
Um, but then again, on the new, the newest sister wife is the only one who's not, um,
not gross looking.
Not saying that that's a, that's a, that's a direct allegory to us.
I'm just saying I just watched Sister Wives for the first time and man, holy shit.
What a crazy show.
That sentence, that sentence, that sentence for a ride.
A good point.
A good point.
Hey, you guys ever seen Sister Wives?
Hey, what's up with Sister Wives?
Just last week for my sister wife, my sister wife and me.
Uh, we're going to close out the show with, uh, a last question to sort of grow on and,
and think about all over, uh, in the, in the ensuing week.
Thank you to new friends and old.
Thank you so much for your support.
We really do love you very much.
We're so happy that you're here.
Griffin.
Just so excited and just.
So excited.
Generally just.
Bold.
Horny.
So horny.
This one was sent in by John and Tony Magiggers.
Uh, thank you John and Tony.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Lois Griffin is in Germany.
Uh, who asks what country is queen Latifah ruler of?
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Keep your heart.
Three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart.
Three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls smart.
Three stacks.
These girls smart.
Keep your heart.
