One, two, three, four!
My brother and Elrod and me
Have a rare, have a radio station you see
We try to give people some simplicity
To understand their problems endlessly
We try to be solvers of problems
And solutions to them
We try to give them hope and encouraging again and again
That they will get wisdom and understanding
We try to see the sunset at the end of a storm
When things are torn
We try to help people find out
Solutions not problems all about
We are psych psychologists
Giving people the best through their impressions
We try to understand the world
Just like a guy tries to understand his girl
Hey, everybody, welcome! Gosh!
What an honor to be here at the Washington, D.C. Press Corps Correspondence Dinner.
Man, wow. Filling in for Conan and O'Brien at the last minute is a lot of pressure.
Especially since they had to get three people to do it.
Yeah, and we're all huddled around this microphone.
Let's just, let me try the mic.
Go ahead.
Let's just start out with this.
Hey, New York Post, you're a bunch of racist pieces of shit.
And everything about your fucking shit rag sucks bloody cocks.
Fuck you guys to death.
Good one.
My farts that come out of my butt are better journalists than you real human beings.
You giant fuck holes.
That's pretty good.
Let's try something political.
Maybe a little lighter, Griff.
Yeah, okay.
Keep up with the politicians.
Yeah, just one real quick for the Fox News Correspondence.
I hope all your kids have diarrhea to death.
Oh, wow.
That's just where I'm at right now.
Do you have one for like any, maybe like maybe you want to roast a politician?
Oh, sure, sure.
I've got one for basically every congressman.
All that stuff I said about Fox goes for you too.
I ran out of stuff because really once you wish dysentery,
once you wish like the 10th plague on a group of people,
you can't really get much worse than that.
Okay, great.
Well, okay, I see we are getting the wrap up sign.
Thank you so much.
Thanks.
Fuck everyone here.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Can I get this to go?
No.
No.
You don't have any boxes or anything?
Anderson Cooper, you're okay.
Wolf Blitzer, you're on fucking thin ice dog.
You goofed the Boston stuff.
That's all.
That's usually really solid.
But you goofed all the Boston stuff.
So I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
Sorry for the harsh words.
I had a great bit about Senator Lindsey Graham having a woman's first name.
That was actually the joke.
That was not a bit.
Was it the dick pic guy?
He tweeted a dick pic?
Who was the dick pic guy?
Lindsey Graham is the one who hates all goodness and purity in the world.
I don't know.
Probably got teased a lot for having a girl's name.
I'm talking about Tony Weiner, who recently just got back on Twitter,
and his first tweet since getting back on Twitter.
His last tweet before this tweet was,
looks like I got hacked or something.
Super didn't get hacked.
Unless the hacker had intimate log-ins.
And his first tweet back was an at mention of his own name.
And that was the entire contents of Twitter.
Good job on Twitter, Tony.
Doing pretty good on Twitter so far.
Tone.
Tone.
Tone Love.
This is my brother.
My brother made an advice show for the modern era.
We could have taken questions, Griffin.
I don't know why you had to be so aggressive.
Everyone fucked up.
Everyone fucked right up.
At the dinner or just in general?
If both the press and politicians could maybe take the night off
from goofily zinging each other and just like,
maybe do one thing right instead of that.
Maybe just do a thing right.
Can I be honest with you guys?
Hit me.
I realize now I made that joke about can I get this to go.
Do they actually eat dinner at the Correspondents' Dinner?
I don't know anything about it,
but I imagine it's a pretty good spread, right?
They had halibut and filet mignon.
Like at the same time?
Yeah, they baked a filet mignon inside of a halibut.
And we got people starving on the street while they eat fish steaks?
It's not right.
Everything's wrong about it.
Good job fucking up, guys.
Here's some halibut.
This isn't how Benny Franklin would have done it.
President Ben Franklin.
Our greatest president.
I feel like we've joked about Ben Franklin being president before.
I think we've joked about Ben Franklin.
That's not because we're unoriginal.
It's because we're fucking dummies.
Because we're idiot children.
Let's help people.
That would be our penance.
My fiancé and I want to get married.
Problem, it's expensive.
Not to mention the hassle.
Starting to think we should ditch the big ceremony reception ordeal
and just elope someplace nice.
Is there any way we could get away with that without being disowned?
That's from marrying in merryland.
In this day and age, eloping just means going to the courthouse.
He's not climbing to your window and you're sneaking off on a night.
What Travis and I are doing has become the counterculture.
A courthouse wedding is, I feel like, the norm.
I feel like 96% of people do that.
Not an exaggeration.
I think about half the people I am friends with have been married in a non-ceremony.
That's an anomaly because it's usually closer to 96, like I said.
Sure, right.
I don't have all the numbers in front of me.
What Travis and I are doing is adhering to some archaic ceremony.
It's a ritual.
It's like a blood ritual.
Do you know what I mean?
It's practically aboriginal in nature.
I am very cautious now when we talk about marriage.
Because the last time we addressed ceremonies that are perhaps on their way out,
we talked about the preponderance of people where the man asks the woman's parents for their daughter's hand in marriage.
And oh manzies, there are some people who that irritates.
A man alive, that was a booby old firestorm.
What were people irritated by?
That apparently our West Virginia values are not good enough for urban, hint hint wink wink, America, I think.
I don't understand what urban wink wink means.
Urban, you know.
Urban.
And Keith Urban.
We got a lot of emails from Keith Urban.
I did that.
He's not Australian.
He is.
Wait, is he?
He is.
Okay.
I did that.
I asked Rachel's parents for permission.
And I know Travis did something similar by which I mean he asked Teresa to ask for him.
Yep.
Is that not a good thing to do?
I think it is.
I think that apparently it really made people mad.
I think there's a better way we could have phrased it.
I think if you talk to, I think the way we specifically addressed it was asking a dad for his daughter's hand in marriage.
I think the preferred sort of approach now is maybe talking to her parents beforehand and letting your intentions be known.
So it doesn't completely catch them by the willy.
Before we actually help this person, I think the problem.
No, this is tied in.
I think it's all sort of tied together.
I think the issue is the image of asking for or the appearance of it being asking for the daughter.
Right.
That was not how I.
I think that is what seems sexist because you're saying like, hey, may I take your property?
Yes, you may.
I think it's more of a discussion.
I didn't frame it like that.
There was no exchange of wampum.
Like I just said, hey, I'm going to do this thing if that's cool.
Is that all right with you?
Is that cool with you?
And they actually their actual response was I didn't think people did this anymore.
They were grateful, but they were they were startled.
Please take back your crates of beads and blankets.
I wrote up actually on one of those bicycles where the front wheel is like enormous.
It was a it was a very kitschy pre-proposal.
I think that you've hit the nail on the head, question asker, because I think that at least a lot of people that I talk to that still do the big weddings,
especially as it gets close to the crunch time of the actual ceremony.
And they're like, oh, my God, it would be so much easier if we just went to the courthouse and got it over with.
Usually it has something to do with.
But my family would kill me, you know, which is never a reason to do anything.
But like it is something it is a factor that should weigh on your mind.
I will say this, though, if you don't do the big ceremony reception, which I get and I understand that, don't ask like don't ask for gifts.
I think those two are pretty well tied together.
Well, I don't know unless it's like you frame it like a payoff for making them not have to get on a plane.
Like I am making you not fly here in return.
How about two blenders?
What if you only sent out invites and save the dates to people you knew couldn't make it,
and then you didn't have a reception or ceremony and just got the presents?
Huh, huh, OK.
I'm actually happy, which I mean, it is a long con.
This is a grift.
This is a grift with what I would classify as a relatively high possibility of being completely fucked.
It's going to turn into a movie because your great aunt that lives in Hawaii is going to show up
and you're going to have to stage the whole thing last minute.
Yeah, exactly.
I don't know.
We started out thinking that we were going to get out of ours on a dime.
And boy, oh, Chef Boyardee, who are we wrong about that price tag?
Who?
I think that's true.
I think of everyone because I like Teresa and I thought we are going to reinvent the wedding.
You know what I mean?
You guys haven't been through this yet.
What I would say to this question asker is I understand the expense is an issue.
I do think that there are some clever ways to sort of handle that in a way that really makes sense for you.
You can personalize.
There are no rules.
Just right.
Weddings are like the outback.
What I would say to you is that day where we had all of our friends and family in one room sort of seeing us off,
as it were, on this metaphorical journey that is marriage, that day means a lot to me.
Remembering that day and thinking back on it, it makes me feel really entwined with all the people that were there.
Is that a memory?
I wouldn't trade that day for anything.
Now, of course, I did minimal planning.
It didn't pay for mine.
A lot of the specialness, maybe it's like Christmas.
Christmas is much more magical when you don't have to reduce any of the magic yourself.
But once you get into the price per memory ratio, is that memory a 15 large memory for you?
Because that's some total recall shit.
That's some come into the memory sphere.
This will cost you 20 million credits to remember the time that you fucked an octopus.
What?
Ink me.
Ink me, you whore.
Ink me.
Octopuses don't have whores, so squids.
What?
Octopuses don't have ink.
Did I say whore?
Yep.
Octopus is a very moral creature.
It is.
That's why you got to pay 20 million space credits to simulate the octopus anyway.
You guys want Yahoo?
Yeah, I guess.
This Yahoo was sent in by Ira Ray.
Thank you, Ira Ray.
It's by Yahoo Answers.
Are you Ira Ray?
Who wants to know?
We did it.
We did it.
We did the set up.
We did the call and response.
Now the bit can die.
Now the bit is dead forever.
Goodbye, bit.
Goodbye, bit.
Have a good run.
This is asked by Yahoo Answers user SP, who asks, how do I find my place in the circle
of life?
How do I find my place in the, quote, circle of life, like Mufasa told Simba to?
I feel like I've forgotten who I am.
What does it mean to find your place in the circle of life?
And also, what does it mean to know who you are?
Good question.
My Spain, your money.
That's step one.
Have you guys heard Travis's one-man Ladysmith Black Mombasa cover band?
It's called Ladysmith Black Travis.
Keep going.
I like this question so much because he asks how to do these things, and then he follows
that up with, by the way, what are these things?
I think if your dad didn't hold you up over a cliff when you were born.
Oh my god.
That was, I feel like there was 1990, what do you think?
Go on.
You were doing really good.
94, 95.
With the sun rolling high.
Stop, stop.
In the sapphire sky.
It was definitely the I'm king of the world of neonatal dads.
Every neonatal doctor in the fucking biz, from like 1995 to 1996, every dad, he would
be like, oh, good.
Yeah, like the movie, like the Lion King film, the animated motion picture that came out.
Even Michael Jackson got in on that trend, and we crucified him for it.
Well, he did it wrong.
He did it wrong.
No, he didn't do it wrong.
He did it big, just the way MJ did everything, Travis.
He didn't, though, because he fucking covered the bit.
He didn't proudly hang him over the edge and let people take, he just very briefly was
like, he did it in the creepiest way possible.
He's like, just go and dangle this little baby, toast, bye.
That's all he did.
He's the worst, except his music was so good.
I'm conflicted now.
Like, I think the literal way is you fucking jump into the zoo pen and get eaten by a lion,
and then that lion poops, and it grows grass that a buffalo eats, and then you're inside
the buffalo.
I think the good news for this question asker is I doubt very much that on your deathbed,
somebody whispers to you like, by the way, you were supposed to be an astronaut.
What a wonderful service that would be.
You blew it.
You blew it.
You blew it.
Just before you go, before your light flickers and dies, I just want you to know, you got
a married Heidi Klum.
Let's tear open the envelope.
Ah, fuck.
I can't wait to see this.
I can tell you what it doesn't say.
It does not say quickie lube attendant.
You have done fucked up.
Now, what is the alternative?
The alternative is that some people have somehow jumped the track and have gotten your spot.
Yeah.
It's like, oh shit, you were supposed to be a quickie lube attendant, Mr. President.
Nice work.
How'd you jump that?
I mean, where is your place?
Like, what?
What is it?
All right.
Let's start.
What's the circle of life?
Question my question.
Circle of life.
Are we talking about food chain?
Are we talking about photosynthesis?
I think it's the life death circle, the endless circle that is life and death.
Well, now we're talking about so many different things.
Are we talking about reanimation?
That's not what it's called.
Oh, Jesus.
Reanimation.
That fucks up the circle of life right good, though, doesn't it?
Yeah.
Are we talking about zombies?
No.
That's the figurative life.
Because then it's the Mobius strip of life.
Yeah.
I mean, we're at the top of the food chain.
There's not much.
And that's why it's such an insult when one of us gets eaten by an animal, because it's
like, ugh.
What are you doing?
We're better than that, you know?
If I could balance that out whenever somebody gets mauled by an animal, I eat a lion.
Just to keep it all on the list and let them know what's up.
Why aren't one of the three of us like a mad hunter?
Why aren't one of the three of us like a general czar-of-esque, like ivory for days?
Why?
I mean, there's probably a lot of reasons.
If you we get a lot of people asking us, you know, will you guys come out and do a live
show in our area?
And the answer is always no, unless you can arrange some sort of hunt where we get to
shoot something beautiful and perfect and hopefully from the Lion King.
Now I want to be clear here.
I love animals.
Me too.
And so I don't want any of those PETA guys calling me.
I just want to kill one.
You just want to kill one.
Yeah.
One of each.
There's nothing wrong with that.
And let me tell you this.
You better have some trim on hand, because I'm going to be fucking rock ready to go.
I want to, I want to like kill something and eat its heart to get its power, right?
So that I'm really potent.
You know what I mean?
Sure.
Like a Mega Man boss.
Yes.
Now I have legs of an antelope.
Sprawling.
Kermit, are you saying to me that if you killed an animal from the Lion King, you would become
rock hard?
That's what you're saying to me right now.
One bigger than me.
You remember when GoDaddy killed that elephant and we were like, boo GoDaddy.
But then at the same time you think about like, that guy has to be stiff till November.
And just imagine that, but if it was a person.
Now listen, are we talking hypotheticals or?
Always on this show.
Okay.
I'm going to say first, if you're a police officer, you legally have to stop listening.
If you're a police officer, you have to tell us.
Also we're going to talk about Lost Spoilers, so unless you want to know what happened.
If you have not watched Lost or you're a law enforcement officer.
Or both, God forbid.
Um, I, that's, I don't know Justin, you're getting into uncomfortable territory for me.
Hunting people is uncomfortable?
I would never hunt.
I don't think I can do it.
I feel bad when I would never do it.
Although I do remember when kids used to get out of school in Huntington because hunting
season, the first day of hunting season.
Well, I mean, it wasn't called fucking Macromayton was it?
It wasn't called Paintington was it?
No.
Nope.
Sure wasn't called that.
It wasn't called Skateboard Town.
It was not called Skateboard Town.
So, I don't know what to tell you.
Mathsburg.
Here, where all the kids do math for fun.
I've been dating this wonderful girl for three months now and things are going great.
I'm like half.
I'm like a sentence in.
I'm bored of this question.
Alrighty.
No, it gets good.
I hope there's some conflict.
We're finishing up our first year of school and making plans for when we return in September.
We both lived in the dorms this year and would like to live off campus in the fall.
But the thing is she's dead set on living in a house together with four of our friends.
This seems like a big leap for such a new relationship.
I've explained to her, but she insists we will have each have our own space and there'll
be four other people living there.
If we're not really moving in together, I shouldn't worry about it.
Am I wrong for being hesitant?
I don't want to miss out on what could be a fun experience.
I just know if we break up, it'll make the next year we're stuck together completely
miserable.
That's from Cautious in California.
Get out of the way.
Slow-mo diving in front of you right now.
That's me putting my head underneath the pin that you're going to put.
I don't care if it stabs through my brain and kills me.
You have to not.
I know.
I'm going to tell you this straight up.
Look at your girlfriend and say, honey, this is worse than if we are just living in together.
It is literally the worst situation that you could be in because here's what you're piling
on top, right?
So these other people you have to get used to living with six people in the same house.
Like that's Bummerton.
I don't know how big this house is, but we've got a huge company house that our actors stay
in and there's six people there and like it just breeds the occasional fight because you're
sharing bathrooms, you're sharing living spaces.
Plus, if you and your girlfriend have fights, the rest of the thing has to deal with it
or one and vice versa.
Yeah.
Like necking on the couch.
They're like, oh, God, again.
They don't want to.
They don't.
They're trying to watch Lost and you're trying to make you're trying to make fuck juice and
they don't want to see that.
While they're finding out that the polar bear is escaped from a research facility.
Yeah.
That's spoilers.
We did warn you ahead of time, to be fair.
I just think that three months is wicked soon to move in with somebody.
Even if your shit is going perfect, moving in like living, especially if your shit is
going perfect.
Now, counterargument, Teresa and I moved in together after three months.
You were obviously meant to be the one that was the difference because we literally had
the conversation.
If we're going to move in together, are we going to get married?
Jesus obviously molded both of you from dust to be each other's partners into infinity.
Obviously.
Yeah.
So I guess if you put at no point did I ever worry about breaking up with her.
Not that I'm saying there's anything wrong with your relationship, because I think that's
perfectly normal to think about when you're a freshman in college and you've only been
dating someone for three months and they want to sign a lease.
So I'm just saying that it's probably very smart of you.
Very logical of you to say, honey, we're only nineteen and we've only been dating three
months.
Let's just live in the same apartment building if that's the way you want to go with us.
Even that is fucking a tall grass like the weirdest.
The important thing, though, is separate leases.
If you move in with somebody after three months of dating, I personally think that's a little
fast.
But if you are fucked up, Travis, like, sorry, Jeff, but if you're dead set on it.
But no, I'm Travis.
It was a risk.
And you came out on the winning end.
I'm saying that could break bad.
Oh, God, yes.
What if you have turned out to be a huge dick, Travis?
Like what?
I know.
I know.
Because I know.
What if she had realized?
Right.
I know it wasn't going to be Teresa.
That fuck that deal.
Angel.
Yeah.
But if you like living with other people is not.
We've talked about this before.
I feel like ad nauseum, but living with other people that you're not dating is like the
pits and you could get to a point where, like, you need out and you're that is going to be
tough on your relationship.
If one of you like hates the situation, the other one doesn't.
That's going to be a lot of strain.
I feel like the situation is going to put a lot of unnecessary strain on on on you guys
unless unless let me hit you with this.
It's a new it's a new reality show that I'm thinking about pitching to the Fox reality
network.
They still in operation does not exist.
Go on.
It's not functional.
Solitary.
Put him out of business.
I just started watching that show.
Yeah.
It's Rachel.
Fuck it.
It is a show.
It's on Hulu.
It's on Hulu.
Yeah.
Is it?
It's finally my Hulu plus subscription.
It doesn't stream to consoles.
Sorry.
Hit you with this.
So young couple, young.
They got to be sexy.
I'm just assuming this.
It's Fox.
Yeah.
And then the four people that they live with for a year.
So like the budget of this show is going to be astronomical.
Just in terms of like tech, I have a lot of cameras, the editing for years or the footage.
Each of the four people try and seduce them away.
And if you can make it through that, if you can make it to that year long gauntlet of
strange sex, then you not only win $50,000, which admittedly is not a lot for a year's
worth of game show.
You also know that your relationship is legit because you fended off the sex wolves.
That's the name of the show is Sex Wolves.
I saw that coming.
Yeah.
I didn't think that seemed to be a pretty good name for it.
The Sex Wolves.
Let me hit you.
Here's the other twist.
Okay.
Once a month, actual wolf released into the house or they, everybody dresses up like,
like furry wolf humans.
Just to add another layer, another, another layer to this onion of sexuality.
It's called the onion of sexuality.
It's the web, the webisode companion piece.
Wait.
So you're going to record a year of footage and then put it on a five minute webisode?
Well, the companion piece.
It's going to be action packed.
I'm talking, what I'm talking about is transmedia.
Oh yeah.
We're talking cereal.
We're talking action figures.
You can have sex wolf cereal, exactly.
Start your day in the sex wolf way.
Is there any, does that idea got legs at all for a reality show?
But also as a practical, like if you're, if you guys can make it, it could be like maybe
you're 90% sure you want to test that other 10%.
Here's how you test that other 10%.
Here's your litmus test.
Go fucking live in the worst situation imaginable.
And if you can make it through that, you're aces.
Can you guys, is there some way you guys can buy yourself something amazing or like bury
some cash somewhere and leave it for yourself as a reward at the end of this?
So at least you'll have something to cling to when things get bag safe, but remember
we put $50 in that lock, in that safety deposit box.
We bought a trust fund.
They're young.
You know what I mean?
They're young.
They're so sexy.
You know what I mean?
They're very sexy and sexual.
They're sexy and sexual.
And that's why the wolves, that's another element cause like wolves can smell sexuality
and they will hunt them.
I'm sorry.
I zoned out for a second.
Is this actual wolves?
Like are you letting at least four wolves in this house?
Once a month.
Fucking read, read the fucking script, Travis.
Your elevator pitch has gone off the rails, Griffin.
Wait, are you telling me sex wolves is scripted?
It's been scripted this whole time.
I knew it.
Oh my God, it's a sham.
It's only for the wolves.
The wolves have speaking lines and the lines are, what do you got to shoot today, Bill?
I'm doing another pouncing scene.
So they want me to deliver this back to back.
Woo, I want to fuck you.
And like how am I, the first one was supposed to be a howl.
Like my heart's not even in it.
Wolves can't read.
Well that just is a reflection of our school system.
When we just send our wolves to school, what kind of nation is it that hines?
Guys, stop.
Wolf school.
It's a new concept.
I'm tired of all these mass shootings in our schools.
The only way to protect their kids is wolves.
Wolf school.
2013.
Catch it in the fall.
The sound track sounds a lot more like an 80s summer movie.
Every child in the American school system had a wolf.
Look at Game of Thrones.
They're fine.
Protect mass shootings.
We put in armed volunteers in our schools, but a lot of those, a startling amount of
those ended up being perverts.
How are we going to get those out?
Wolf school.
Fall 2013.
Catch it on Fox Reality.
Oops.
The wolves apparently have a taste for kids too.
What are we going to do now?
Sharks flood the school.
Flood school.
Flood school.
Shark school.
Sharks and wolves.
Sharks and wolves and kids.
Oh no, the wolves have learned to swim.
Kid battle.
Battle Royale.
Battle Royale, but with more sharks than wolves.
That is going to hurt property values in that area.
If your kids have to go to wolf shark school, the flooded, I don't know Debra, I like both
of these houses.
At one, the kids are going to have to go to a flooded school full of wolves and sharks
and it's on TV.
There's so much gerrymandering because the wolf school has such a great football program.
That's the other problem.
I hate it.
Plus I mean the fame.
Yeah, that's a lot for a kid to take on.
The fame of getting eaten by wolf sharks.
Oops, they breeded.
Didn't see that coming.
I did though.
And then they're warped.
It's all scripted.
I have an executive producer credit.
Let's go to the money zone.
Let me tell you guys about Marc Maron.
Everybody.
Everybody knows.
He's a podcaster just like us.
He's got a new show coming to IFC.
It's called Maron.
It starts Friday, May 3rd, 10 p.m. on IFC.
It's a fictionalized version of Marc's life.
I mean it would have to be because he makes a podcast so they know he's going to, they
got to sex it up I guess, right?
I mean I wouldn't watch a show about me.
Would you guys watch a show about you?
Definitely.
I mean I would but I have a lot of issues.
I might if it had Judd Hirsch, Gina Gershon, Aubrey Plaza, and Adam Scott on it.
Which Marc Maron does.
And oh and this week's episode is one of my heroes, Dave Foley.
Who Griffin and I saw in LA once.
He gave me a, he gave me a Kurt head nod.
Oh really?
Yeah, it was a big moment for us.
So you guys are like best friends?
Basically.
Okay.
So next week's episode, Marc, well not this, yeah I guess this week's.
This is this week, isn't it?
And this week's episode, Marc and Dave are going to go after an abusive fan on Twitter
that has been tormenting Marc.
Wow, so this really is like my day to day life actually.
Only it stars Marc Maron so it'll be funnier.
He's the creator, producer, and again that's Fridays at 10 p.m. on IFC so don't miss Maron.
Is he playing?
It kind of sounds like, if you didn't know anything about it, Maron does sound like a
private eye show, right?
Don't you think?
A little bit.
Maron.
Sounds like Castle.
You know what I mean?
Castle.
Or like.
Still not sure what's going on in that show.
Berks Law.
Yeah, he was like a writer and he was like solving, he was like using his writer powers
to solve crimes but now he's like a proper detective except he's really smarmy and he's
getting a little chunky.
Don't you dare.
I don't know.
How dare you?
How dare you?
There's some chunk there.
Not on Marc Maron.
Not on Marc Maron though, he's thin and he's got a podcast and he's got a show about it
called Maron at Fridays on IFC at 10 p.m. so tune in to that.
While you're watching Maron, why not go check out the Morphe webcomic?
That's at morphe.thewebcomic.com.
Morphe is how that's pronounced.
I've recently learned.
In the next sentence, oh our producer just popped his head into the booth.
What's that?
Hey, what is that Antonio?
Scarpacci from Winx?
Our producer is Antonio Scarpacci from Winx cause he's fake so why the fuck not?
It's just called fun guys, it's just called using your imagination for fun.
Morphe is a really actually, it's cool, it's not like a standard webcomic, it sort of blends,
it's coded in flash but it's scary and you have to click through it so it takes advantage
of today's technology.
You know so many webcomics, you could have read them in an analog format and this takes
full advantage of internet.
Sometimes I just print out webcomics just so I don't have to think about my life.
Sometimes I print out webcomics if it's a really good Ziggy and I just wanna keep it
on the wall.
And when I'm reading eZiggy, man, bad guy in technology, do not get along.
Morphe is not like Ziggy or like Marmaduke but you can find it at morphe.thewebcomic.com.
Very cool, very spooky, it's got sounds I think.
I can't print it if I lose its interactivity.
You could do like a flipbook.
I can't turn my speakers up, make sure it does have sounds.
It does.
I think it has sounds.
It does, I'm clicking through right now.
Oh Jesus Christ!
Okay, I actually just got scared by the webcomic by turning up my speakers too much so I will
caution you to not do that.
That is podcast history being made.
Justin scares himself made a podcast.
Okay morphe.thewebcomic.com, go check it out.
I'm puked, I'm puked.
Okay, you puked me, I'm puked.
You know what, speaking of puked or spooked or spuked, let's back off our usual XR approach
when coming at the Extreme Restraints marketing.
Let's rally around our marketing team.
Let's talk about something that doesn't involve nine foot long sex logs.
Okay here's what we got.
You don't know where to start, right?
Why not pick up an adult instructional book?
Don't let the kids find these, unless you want like a cool kid who understands a woman's
body.
How old a kid is that appropriate, starting with the youngest?
I want my two to three to four year old to understand a woman's body.
I don't think there's anything wrong with that, it's science.
There's about seven things wrong with that.
You could pick up the Ultimate Guide to Flatio, How to Go Down on a Man, $17, no problem.
I think you pronounced that wrong, I think it's full audio.
Man, I was at my Filotti's class the other day and my thighs are still burning.
You get on a recumbent bike and you blow a guy.
Here's a good book, it's called Jay Wiseman, Tricks to Please a Woman.
Jay has put his name before the title, which seems a little braggy to me.
But you know what, that's confidence in your product right there.
Let me pitch this question to you guys.
Whose name would have to appear in that book's title for you guys to bite?
Al Franken.
Oh.
What?
You just said the first name that came to your head.
Nope.
What if it said a word that was obfuscated somehow, maybe it was fuzzy, and then it said
Quaid.
And so it's like, you're getting one of the Quaids.
You're getting one of the Quaid sex tip books.
Wait, do you know?
You don't know the Quaid, that's what I'm saying.
So you're saying like the first name is like smudged?
The first name has been obscured somehow, but it is definitely a Quaid.
You have a famous Quaid guarantee, so you're not just getting some Hammonegger Quaid off
the street.
Okay, it's a famous Quaid at least.
You're flipping the coin, one side is Dennis, one side is Randy.
I think you would know pretty quickly, even unlabeled.
Hit her vagina with a sandwich.
Oh fuck.
She got randied.
There is a book here called Masterclass Pregnant Sex.
There's a picture of a pregnant woman, she's holding her breasts, and it helpfully has
the label sexually explicit on it, which is, I think, is a little redundant.
But again, you can pick up all this stuff at extremistraints.com.
If you use the coupon code FANNYTIME, you're gonna save 20% on your order, and it's all
shipped discreetly.
This is one of the only kinds of information that I would want to get out of a book instead
of internet.
Because if you search internet like, how do I do good sex to a woman, then you're gonna
be flooded.
If nothing else, do yourself a favor and just go to extremistraints.com and just kind of
browse.
Just look around.
The nice thing is, unlike other sex stores, there's no creepy person behind the counter
judging you.
Yeah.
Doesn't hurt to look around, unless you're in the library, then don't do it.
And you can probably, if you look around, you can probably find someone to jerk off
to.
Oh yeah.
I think.
I bet.
Yeah.
Or lady jerk off to.
That's still called that.
I don't think...
No, I think it's called you jilling off at that point.
Can you not?
Can you not ever?
Again, please, sir.
You jill off.
Because you jack off, and then you jill off.
Can you...
If you would not, I would appreciate...
Please don't.
I would, if you would not, sir.
Why jill off?
It's not weird.
It's not weird.
Why does female pleasure make you sick?
I have...
I have no way of knowing.
You know that feeling you get when you hear a song that you just love?
What about a new movie, or a new book, or a TV show?
I'm Jesse Thorne.
My show Bullseye points to the good stuff in popular culture, the kind of stuff that
will change your life.
In-depth interviews with cultural creators, critics' picks for the best new releases,
and a weekly recommendation from yours truly.
It's Bullseye with me, Jesse Thorne, for MaximumFun.org and PRI.
For years, I've been heavily into the video game and nerd culture in general.
I have an upright glass case in which I have my pop culture and video game related articles,
such as a replica, lightsaber, and video game figures.
I'm trying to be a woman, and I'm horribly self-conscious about my glass case, making
me seem like a man-child, which I guess I am, since I have this in my house.
I'm trying to make change be more appealing to opposite sex, and I feel like this glass
case makes me seem immature.
The problem is, my friends have given me many of these things, and if I store their gifts
away or sell them, I'm afraid they'll be a little hurt by it.
How do I avoid hurting my friends' feelings while at the same time trying to present myself
as an actual adult to potential romantic interest?
That's from Glass Case of Emotion, Cincinnati.
This is a damn good question.
This is a good question.
Can I real talk for a minute?
Yeah, sure.
Because I have like a real serious non-funny answer.
We haven't had any of those so far, so please.
Okay, here's my real talk.
It has nothing to do with the items in your home.
I don't care what it is that you've collected or what it is that you have.
It is the person that you are that determines whether you're perceived as that thing or
not.
I've known lots of people that had toys or sports memorabilia or anything, and that is
not who they are.
It's just something that they happen to like.
I know a guy, one of the coolest guys I've ever known.
He's a really successful director around town, has an awesome wife, and he has all these
amazing little tin soldiers, and I've never looked at him and gone, oh, he collects toys?
What a nerd.
Well, that's fine, Travis, but you have to recognize that there's a limit in everything
else to this question where if the things that you are collecting is like tentacle porn
anime busts, then maybe, yes, that's a bad, that's gonna be a turnoff for 99.9 repeating
percent of people in the universe.
I have to say, I'm a big fan, I think he's already made the most important stride, and
that is to put your displaying in a glass case.
That seems to me to be like, okay, it's not a decorating motif, which a lot of people
go for, and if you want to, that's fine, but to me, this seems like a little more regimented.
It seems more grown up to me.
It's sectioned off.
You're saying this is my display.
This is this part of my life, and everything that's not in there doesn't belong to this
part of my life.
Yeah, it makes it seem like a facet of your character rather than just my personality
is a remixed, yeah, exactly right.
Now if you're someone that when you have someone over the house, the first thing you do is
now come look at my case, then yes, maybe that's not a good way to go.
Try not to talk like comic book nerd from Simpsons.
That's not gonna help you.
That's not where someone's like, oh, what's all this?
Be like, oh, that's just stuff I've collected over the years.
Well, no, because there's gotta be a happy meeting, because you just sounded fucking
ashamed.
Oh, that's my shame.
Oh, that?
That's my case.
That's my shame rectangle.
Please don't acknowledge it.
That's why I'm embarrassed by it.
Don't get on my case.
No, that's just a little joke I make.
Come on over.
Hey, seriously.
Get the fuck out of there.
That's limited edition.
I said leave.
That's my Mad Mardigan Willow special edition figure.
It was a chase item.
He has, you see, only one eyebrow.
That's worth $17.
Are you gonna replace it?
I didn't think so.
I don't know.
This is so alien to me.
I'm such a big ass fucking nerd, and I don't know.
This is something I feel like I struggle with a lot.
Maybe less than I did when I was in college, but I've always been a big nerd, but I have
never been fast to show it, to have things displayed in my house that act as insignias
for visitors.
This is the kind of shit I'm into.
Yeah, it's funny.
I have stuff, but I've never crossed that line.
I have one thing that if you're looking carefully, you'll see my collection of California raisins
and Houdini action figure and Doctor Who stuff, but no one's gonna see it surface level right
away.
This is, oh man.
I don't know.
I feel like if you have things that make you happy, that is the most important thing, and
that's who you are.
I think if you're holding on to stuff because your friends gave it to you, that's a bad
reason to hold on to things, because I guarantee they don't care.
They really don't.
Unless you're holding on to it because it means something to you because a friend gave
it to you.
Well, he used the word store, which isn't typically the word you use for sentimental
presents.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, fuck it.
Put it, yeah.
Sure.
How long?
A month?
Yeah, I guess.
I've put away so many, I've put away my childish things as I've grown older, and then I bought
new things on eBay.
I bought Captain Power toys because those are nostalgic for me and they make me really
happy.
So I have them.
So you basically, you refresh your stock of childish things like the Bible tells you so.
I got that elite childish stuff that seem more collector-y.
They seem more like harder to come by.
Like fushigi balls.
No, those don't count.
There is a difference between hiding something because you think the person, somebody's gonna
think less of you, and hiding it because it's not the image of yourself that you wanna put
out there.
Because I think that those are two different things.
I mean, I do think we have a, I think we have a problem in a lot of facets of what people
would call nerd culture of not being able to distinguish between things you like and
things that you are.
Yeah.
And I think that-
I think it's just, I think it's inherently unhealthy to self-identify based on media
consumption of any kind.
Because if you do that with nerd shit, and say you're a nerd, you're painting yourself
into a corner, but like on the flip side, if you just watch independent art house films
from the 1930s and say, oh, that's me.
That's where I'm coming from, is I'm independent art house movies from the 1930s guy.
Like that guy sucks too.
Like that guy's not very great.
If that's the only thing that he uses to define the shape of his character.
That's what I'm saying.
I think the problem is, is like when you have something any quality like that, it's overwhelming
to it.
Oh, me?
I'm jazz guy.
You know me.
I'm jazz guy.
I'm sports guy.
Let me tell you all about my sports team, because that's all I'm going to talk about
for the next two hours, because it's literally all I know.
Like nobody likes that person, no matter what it is.
Start trying to put things in your house that keep people on their toes.
That's what I'm saying.
Have a knife somewhere.
Just somewhere.
Half a mummy.
Which have you asked?
Player's choice.
Player's choice.
Doesn't matter.
You guys want a Yahoo?
Please.
This question was sent in by Julie Martin.
Thanks, Julie.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Leonardo, who asks, how do the birthday spankings?
How do the birthday spankings?
I am Brazilian.
I'm 24 years old.
I graduated in law in the United States, and I'm doing post-graduation.
Also I have friends and relatives here, like this country.
Tomorrow's my birthday, as tradition is the birthday spankings.
How this game works?
Is it custom here?
I'll have my birthday party tomorrow.
Thank you.
Oh, how it works is awfully... No, it's really common here in our country.
I'm so glad you came to us.
Welcome.
Basically every... Welcome, welcome.
On your birthday, you should find people.
You don't want them to be too close to you, so someone you're more of an acquaintance
with, or... Law school buddies, maybe.
Most desirably, law school buddies, perhaps professors would be a good fit here.
You go to them, and you say, hello, it's my 24th birthday, and I got a hanker for spankering,
and then you turn around, and you show them your hindquarters, and you say, go to town,
James Brown.
Are we talking about bare tushy, or are we talking...
Good question.
Because you have different levels, you could go pants, underpants, bare tushy, or three
pairs of pants.
It's up to you.
Are we talking, do you want to get a belt in there, maybe an extremely strange pain
paddle of some sort?
I think you really need that open hand contact to really get the emotion across.
Just say, my tushy's 24 years old, and I need to knock some of those years off, so please
go to town out of my butt.
It would be great, too, if they had a little water bottle, and they could spritz a little
moisture on their hand before each one, just so you get that really nice wet skin on skin
action.
Oh, God.
It is also important that they give you, quote, one to grow on, end quote, or you will die.
Yeah, numerically, let's talk about it, because are we talking one per year, or are we talking
about 18 is an important birthday, should maybe we double up on that?
If I remember correctly, when I turned 18, Nonnie doubled up the amount of money she
sent me, and I got $36, so I think it works the same way with spankings.
So double up on the spankings.
I think it's every prime number, you do an extra, whatever the last prime number was,
you tack that on, too.
So I mean, once you get up into like, you know, like 97 years old, is that a prime number?
Somebody gotta get me.
No.
37?
Yeah, you're good.
97.
97's good.
You're gonna-
Anything ending in seven, except for 27, maybe some others.
Just don't let them put their finger in your butt.
Oh god, no.
That's so gauche.
That's like the French way of doing it.
It's like getting a wet willy, it's like, ah, we were doing something else.
I have not thought about birthday spankings in, like, if you had asked me about birthday
spankings 15 minutes ago, I think I would have said I'm not sure if that was ever a
thing or not.
Like, I'm not sure I would have fully recalled birthday spankings being-
But then you remembered the joy of the game of birthday spanking, said this person.
It's not- there's no- there are no combatants.
There aren't rules and goals and points and a win condition.
There's no fail state in birthday spanking.
There's no fail state.
Everybody wins!
One swat with a hand of paddle for every year of birth.
Not supposed to be too hard.
Hey, Yahoo Answers user David B., this guy's from another country, can you maybe go easy
on him?
Like, you are fucking- you are- you are putting forward the stereotype.
You are making it worse for the rest of us by saying, hey, foreigner, you don't understand
our traditions, stupid.
I think not supposed to be too hard is don't spank them too hard, Griffin.
Yeah, Griffin.
Not that it's not supposed to be difficult.
Well then he's fucking goofing them twice, because it's supposed to be very, very hard.
Sorry, that's another thing that we should have mentioned.
Oh, it should take off a little bit each time.
Oh my god.
It should- it should hurt- they should be physically exhausted.
They should feel like a- like a rail splitter at the end of a shift.
Like you-
By the end of it-
That is why old people walk so funny.
Exactly.
Your butt should look like the face of the guy that looked inside the Ark of the Covenant.
It should just be all melty and bones in there.
Your butt should be- it should be the fourth type of substance, plasma.
It should be- it should be between states.
It should be like cold chowder.
It should be like coal slurry.
I wish people would stop fracking my butt.
How about it, Uncle Sam?
Do you have the courage to stop big, big coal from fracking my butt?
I just-
They just keep shooting water into the loosened stuff up down there.
I don't know how fracking works.
I'm just getting tired of all the butt top removal, because it's getting hard to prop
myself up in a chair.
You know, politicians keep claiming that there's clean butt.
There's no such thing as clean butt.
Baby's butts aren't clean.
There's like original sin in there.
No.
Though I will say at extreme restraints, they do have a series of enemas that will guarantee
a clean butt.
One of which you just attach to a shower head.
Holy shit.
That sounds really convenient.
Yeah.
Can you propel it all the way up your body so it comes out your mouth?
I guess it depends on your water pressure, really.
I mean, that's going to be a-
Oh, no.
Sorry.
It would come out of your belly button.
It's like one of those safety drains in a sink.
I started a new job this week.
The office often orders lunch for everyone, paid for by the company.
My coworkers eagerly eat the food, and I have been game for the first week.
I want to be a social part of the group, but at some point, I will want to bring my own
healthier lunches.
How can I make this change smoothly with my delivery devouring coworkers?
That's from Dining Dilemma in Dallas.
You missed it already because you had to say you had a gluten allergy.
Yeah, but here's the thing.
What if they're really conscientious and then they start ordering things specifically to
accommodate your- and they're like, it costs a little bit more, but we care about you,
Susan, so we want to make sure you don't die.
Why don't you just say that you're a fucking 30-year-old adult, I'm assuming you're 30,
and that you want to fucking eat your own food that you picked out for yourself because
that's one of the great privileges that adulthood brings you.
You can do whatever you want when you're an adult.
You don't have to eat that stuff.
Say you're trying to slim down, who can't appreciate that?
Yeah, I think that this is- okay, on one hand, this is a totally perceived problem because
I doubt very much that any company is going to be like, but I wanted to spend more money
on you.
Yeah, or that any of your coworkers will be like, oh man, there's more sandwiches for
my fat fucking face to eat, aw, nerds.
Why isn't she eating the Jimmy John's?
Ugh.
But then on the other hand, this just might be me because I am a gluten, the idea of someone
saying, hey, I'm going to get you free food, and you'd be like, no, that's mean.
Eat that food.
You want that food.
Everybody wants that food.
It's not free, though, because you helped earn that money.
You worked so they could get those profits and then it's going to feed your friends.
Maybe you could arrange a deal where it's like, hey, instead of getting a sandwich every
day, you give me like a $5 a day raise.
Just bring your lunch in a paper sack that says Rebecca on it and then look sheepishly
and said, yeah, mine, my Nana packs them, so I have to eat it.
It's just a thing.
She packs it for me every day and I love her so much.
I'm not going to have her much longer, so I'm just going to keep eating my lunches for
Nana.
And then when they're like, oh, is Nana your grandmother?
I'm like, no, she's my servant.
She's my servant.
Yeah.
I'm not going to have her much longer.
That depreciates.
She's my, she's my giant dog, like in Peter Pan.
You open the bag and there's just a bone in there and it's adorable.
Dirt again.
It's just a bag of grass.
Can you just not bring, here's the one thing I would request of somebody who worked in
like close quarters for many years.
Can you not bring something that stinks for your lunch?
That used to fucking kill me when people would bring like, this is garlic salad and they
would bring it and eat it.
It's just a big bowl of cloves of garlic.
And they would heat it up in the microwave and the whole office would smell like a taxi
and it made me want to die.
So please don't bring-
You know what I realize?
What?
That goes the same way if it smells good too, because I mean then you're sitting there in
the office going, what is it, what it, oh God, now I want that.
Now that's all I want.
You need to bring food that doesn't smell.
You need to bring a tube of nutrient slop.
By which I mean go-gurt.
Do they make healthy go-gurt?
All yogurt's healthy.
It's got protein in it.
I guess that's true.
I have a Yahoo answer if you guys will allow it.
Yes.
This Yahoo was sent in by, help please.
I didn't say I would allow it.
Travis, can I have your-
I will allow it.
Thank you.
It was sent in by Alex-
It's so antiquated to ask Travis's permission.
It was sent in by Alex Krasminski, thanks Alex.
It's by Yahoo answers user, help please, who asks, where do I put my hands when making
out and I am a girl?
Straight up in the air.
Just straight up in the air like you're being mugged.
Like you just do not care.
I like that.
Or maybe like you're on a rollercoaster, because when you're making out with me, you sure as
hell are.
Oh, what if you did that thing where you were kind of like rapidly waving them like you
were being electrocuted.
That's going to be exhausting.
Did you feel that?
I felt it.
And she sounds like she's in the long haul.
I feel for her because like as a dude, I feel like making out is means to an end to get
your hand on those sweater dogs, but when you're a girl, it's like you don't have any-
That's my favorite Kuba Goode Jr.
It's hands down.
Lots of people like Jared Maguire, but I like sweater dogs.
Just use your hand to steal his wallet because he's not going to stop you, especially if
he's a young boy, a young man.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
When you're a guy and you're making out, it's like how are you going to grab those
boobs?
And as a girl, it's like you don't have a secondary objective.
You know what I mean?
Like straight footballs.
Yeah, but that's jumping six or seven sharks.
That's like you are skipping some steps there.
You shouldn't be making out around sharks unless you go to shark school.
Then somebody suggested shoulders, thighs, ribs after a while on his tap handle, which
I guess is his dick.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
On his what?
The creepiest word in there?
Do you want me to specify the creepiest word?
Because it was ribs.
Let me just-
Just play you like a xylophone.
Let me imagine I'll be inside that cage.
What's in there?
Is it your heart?
You know what?
I've got one of these ribs.
We sync up, Steven.
Kiss, kiss, kiss.
Thanks for the rib.
Shaysu.
Kiss, kiss, kiss.
Thanks for this.
The problem is is you want to be careful because if you don't sync it up right, you could end
up breaking one or both of your arms.
None of these suggestions are good except for the dick one, I guess is all right.
But shoulders, thighs.
Let me just, let me grab you right there, buddy.
Let me get you right there, buddy.
Little tickles.
You started giving him a back rub.
You know, reach around back.
Shoulders.
Shoulders.
I'll just give you a little trailing horse.
Shoulders seems like you're-
Give him an Indian rub burn while you're doing it.
Shoulders seems like you're trying to stop the guy and you're just very bad at it.
Like that would be the signal I would get from shoulders.
Maybe stick your fingers inside his ears.
Maybe stick your finger down his throat.
Hey, baby bird me.
Hold on, there's something I like to do.
It gets in real wet.
Oh God.
Maybe go for his boobs.
That's one of the answer sleeves responded put her hands in your bonkers
You are batting a thousand from for wrongness for mistakenness
It's his insinuation that the best thing to do your hands is to take his hands and put them on your bonkers
It's that the insinuation
What are bonkers?
What aren't bonkers? You know where you can touch a woman that will really drive her crazy, right? Where's that?
Her heart. I learned that from milk money.
I learned to fuck from milk money
I feel like even answering these questions is heteronormative of me
I feel like I should I have to keep qualifying all my pronouns and stuff because I want everybody to feel included. Yeah
That's a good point. What if there's a girl making out with a girl?
Sorry Justin. Slow down.
Well, then it's like where can't you put your hands?
Exactly. There's fun stuff all over. I don't want to be offensive
I'm gonna walk a very delicate line here
But there's got to be a moment where both girls go for the boobs at the same time and then they just kind of
And they play patty cakes accidentally. Oh, well now we're just pushing on each other. Let's stop making out
Let's just play patty cakes. This is way funner. I love this podcast is brought to you by Baptists
We don't know any better. I think regardless of gender or sexual orientation go for the ribs
Maybe little little punches
Do those punches like she doesn't kill Bill where you put like your hand flat and then when you she's trying to break out of
The coffin. Oh, yeah
That's gonna feel trying to break into your heart call that's really gonna
Accentuate some stuff, but all the wrong stuff. Just don't make out who makes out anymore. Just fucker. Nope. Eat some food
You know what I mean, it's got the time who's got the time
This has been my brother. My brother meets. It's a show that we do every week. We sure hope you had a good time listening
This week. Thank you to those tweeting about the show and sharing the love
We got Dave test
SW Rickards DJ
Lockheed Tristan the Marine more on him later Nicole introvert Jan Villarosa Bob Ball H Ram. Oh my god. This is 150. Oh
Jesus we've done it Jesus. Thank you for our
amazing theme song
Our amazingly fantastic theme song for mr. David Liebhardt. Do we want to put that at the beginning of the end?
I feel like at the beginning would be a more special way of
Beginning the show
Okay
So thank you to him for for that. It means a lot
I think he's really actually captured the spirit of the show better than anybody else could it's a collaboration. It's been long in the works
It's mutual
Meet also just a reminder make sure to check out Marin on IFC at 10 p.m. It's this week with Dave Foley
Make sure you don't miss it. He's one of my comedy heroes. Thank you very much
That's a 10 p.m. Friday, May 3rd IFC tune in to see the
Marin show which is not the name. I want to thank John Roderick and the long winters for the use of our theme song
It's a departure off the album putting the days to bed
Thank you to John Roderick and the long winters
Still waiting on that new album. I know it's I know it gets out a lot probably but
The people just want to dance. Oh and our favorite Marine Tristan is shipping out to Afghanistan soon
So a couple of in my bim bam binos are throwing him a kind of going away
MBM be a meetup in Washington DC. So if you're interested, it's gonna be made 25th
At 1 30 and right now it's being planned at the capital city brewery in Arlington, Virginia
If you want more details, they posted something on the forums
Maximum fun org forward slash forums, or you can just email them at pack your bags
DC at gmail.com and they'll give you all the details
This final Yahoo was sent in by Ira Ray. No, we already did. Thank you. All right, it's right
It's dead. It's by I who answers user JJ who asks. How do you say beanbag chairs in French?
I'm Justin McElroy on Travis McGriffin McElroy. This is my been my been my brother my brother me
And this has been my brother my brother me not my baby. It's your dad's square on the lips on 50
You
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned listener supported
