The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome, my brother, my brother, and me, an advice show for the modern era.
We are here. During the Thanksgiving holiday, we repurposed our program
to serve as basically just a turkey advice show. We work in conjunction with Butterball,
sort of their podcasting arm. Who fired their entire customer service department,
which I thought not only goes against the holiday spirit, it kind of goes against the
whole Butterball ethos. I'll say this, you know, as I was going through the questions,
you know what I wasn't expecting? What? So many questions about fucking the turkey.
Yeah. Yeah, a lot of those are people trying to get like a rise out of trying to like,
goof the goofsters. Yeah, but I would say that 10% of them were really graphically detailed.
Sure. Well, they were like, where do I put it in? And it's like, I don't know. How about the
giant cavity, you stupid idiot? Like you're clearly just fucking with us at this point.
And the turkey. We've since we got laid off from Butterball, we have a lot of turkey advice build
up. Let's go around, introduce ourselves and just say how we cooked our turkeys this year.
My name is Justin McElroy. I'm the oldest brother on this program. This year I went
with a nice sun-dried turkey. It's a little dicey to get the procedure exactly right.
You got to leave it in the sun and then you'll wait.
For how long?
Enough. You'll know.
Until the little thing pops.
Until the little thing pops out. It usually takes about a day.
The belly button. A day is not nearly long enough.
You're not going to want to eat it. That's the other thing.
My name is Travis McElroy. I'm the middle-est brother and I sat on it.
You incubated it.
I incubated it for 16 days.
My name is Griffin McElroy.
Also, that turkey ended up tasting of farts.
Yeah, I bet.
You just really wanted to say farts today.
Farts, farts, farts.
You guys haven't heard because this is our third stab at trying to start the show,
but Travis has tried to incorporate farts into each attempt.
Well, my offer, our intro should just be us farting into the microphones for three minutes.
It's kind of a dry week, so that might impress upon the rest of the episode.
My name is Griffin McElroy and I just tormented a live turkey for like a year.
I built a dungeon, a turkey dungeon.
Then I would go in there every day around noon.
You got to have it be at a regular time so the turkey knows that it's coming.
Then I just terrorized it.
Then eventually it basted in its own terror and that is how you get a good brine on a turkey.
You can really taste the begrudging acceptance that his
turkey wife has probably remarried and moved on with her life.
That really comes through in the meat.
And then I teach him to love me and then I get him to hunt, kill,
and cook other turkeys, Homeland, season four,
catch it on Blu-ray and DVD, get the full collection.
Turkey Claire Danes is great.
She is just all over the place.
Very dynamic performance.
So wait, you're saying that.
I'm saying I recreated Homeland season four
because there's no way they're going to make it there without my help.
Only it's all turkeys.
I found a turkey that looks a lot like Claire Danes.
Found a turkey that looks a lot like Mandy Patinkin.
That was not as hard as you think it would be.
And then I shoot the show in my backyard.
And the turkey is turned against, is weaponized against other turkeys.
He's an Uncle Tom, he's an Uncle Tom turkey.
Can you not like, did you not follow along?
I know, I guess it is kind of a confusing show, but.
When did you find time to eat?
I didn't, I guess.
That's the life of a big Hollywood producer, you know.
So you just blew right past Thanksgiving and the turkeys were spared
because of your involvement in their creative process?
Well, I mean, we got to take them at least to sweeps
and then we'll see if we can get like season five, season six.
This is how this fucking business works, Travis.
Okay, you know, I'm new to it.
I didn't know there was so much starvation involved in turkey eating.
I've been looking at a lot of pictures of turkeys
in the build up to this bit, this classic, sure to be classic bit.
And something occurred to me that distinguishes turkeys
is that they are the only animal that looks delicious in their natural form.
I don't think that's true at all.
Now, if you look at a picture of a turkey, right?
If you just say, I'm going to look at a turkey today
and then you go to like a Google image search and just search for turkey
and tell me if they don't look like they are just flaunting the meat.
I actually think they look like they have ball bag heads
with ball bags underneath their heads
and then their whole body is kind of a ball bag.
Kind of an overlapping series of scrote.
Some of the animals you have to work to imagine how you might eat them.
And I feel like the turkey really has it on display.
Like, check it out.
You know where you're going to eat me.
But its head looks like a penis.
Obviously the head is like clearly labeled not for eating though.
This is what I'm saying.
It's convenient.
It's like a pull tab.
You know, like definitely don't eat this.
It's obvious you don't want to eat this.
And the tail looks like a beautiful fan.
So you don't want to eat that, obvs.
But then the rest of it just looks delicious.
Like it's obviously you want to eat it.
I can't go here with you, Juice.
Oh man, I love turkey.
How about a question?
Yeah, here's a question.
Turkey?
Okay, how about another one?
Now let me rephrase that as a question.
Turkey?
Turkey?
Okay, that's better.
That's a little bit better.
Um, hold on.
I'm just scrolling through all of the turkey questions.
And beating it to some that aren't.
No, I'm not, sir.
Sir.
Gift giving season is here and in an effort to find some sweet deals,
I came across some good quality refurbished electronics.
Is it socially acceptable to give somebody a refurbished item
or would I be committing a social taboo of the highest order?
And that's from Joey.
I'm huge into refurbished.
I think that's great because you're keeping something out of a landfill.
You know, you're not creating more waste.
Captain Planet.
I've been thinking about this question for a bit now.
And, um, as somebody who used to work at GameStop,
I actually am a lot more hesitant about this prospect
because I have some fucking horror stories that would turn your hair white.
About refurbished electronics?
About refurbished electronics.
Do you know, let's play a quick guessing game.
Of all the PlayStation Portables, Sony's classic handheld gaming device
that were turned into our store for trade-in credit,
uh, how many were chock-loaded with the butt-slammin'-est porn
you've ever dreamt of?
Not enough.
Did you say a hundred percent?
Congratulations.
There were certain devices that was just like,
obviously anything with any sort of hard drive
that you can download multimedia content to,
that also had a screen on it,
which people turn it into like the PlayStation butt-slam.
Three thousand, I'm at it.
But, Griffin, so you're concerned,
because when you refurbish it, you also reformat it, right?
You're not handing it back to-
Yeah, but to reformat it, I had to press the button, right,
and scroll to the thing in the menu.
And guess what it always, like,
before I could get to that old user interface,
I saw a fucking butt with a man's like whole head in it, like-
So your concern would be that you would be re-gifting someone
a refurbished game console?
A refurbished device that at some point
someone had used to bait it?
Haunted by the ghost of baiting.
What if the sales associate had not been as diligent as I was?
Guys, like, there was this one time this dude came in,
and he handed in his PlayStation 4,
like, I'd like to trade this in.
I was like, I can't wait to see what's on this shit.
And he actually said, make sure you check out
some of the stuff I got on there.
I think you're really gonna like it.
He actually told me that.
And it was, like, it was just asses for days.
It was gigabytes upon gigabytes of gigabytes.
I wish I could have been in the car with somebody
who had just dropped off a porn-loaded PlayStation,
because they'd be having that discussion in their head, like,
no, I've formatted it, didn't I?
Better point is that they reach over
and they pick up the other PSP they have,
and they're like, wait, wait, wait,
none of my porn's on you.
Oh, no.
This is my Crash Bandicoot one.
Crash Bandicoot one.
I turned in the wrong one.
Damn it.
God damn it.
Travis stepped all over my funny bit.
Sorry, go ahead, Justin.
I'd been waiting to do this funny bit
while you guys talked about your stuff.
Do it.
Travis stepped all over it.
He said, no, I've got a different bit I'm gonna do.
It was very rude.
Can you give me a basic rundown
of what your bit would have been?
You want me to recap my bit for you?
Well, now I feel bad, and I feel like I'll always wonder.
Last time, Justin's bit.
I feel bad, too,
because I feel like I contributed to the bit chomping,
and so I need to know if the guilt is justified,
if your bit was actually any good or not.
Okay, so basically what was gonna happen
was that the guy in the fictional car
was gonna be like, I must've deleted it,
and then he was gonna be like, oh, I'm sure I did,
and then he would slowly have the realization.
You know what the bit was about?
It was about human foibles.
It really would've cast a light, a very human light.
I think that's something everybody can relate to.
Travis is exonerated.
B, I feel like everybody sort of got
where the bit was going from the start of it.
That's the problem, though.
Why do you think we're so chock full of bits
that we can afford to just leapfrog bit to bit
and not just cling to every one for dear life?
This is episode 178 or something.
The listeners are super busy,
and if we can deliver unto them a bit in five seconds,
and then they can fill out the other solid 25 seconds
of material in their own minds
while we swing from vine to vine like joke Tarzan,
I don't think there's any problem with that.
Guys, guys.
Yeah.
Refurbish bits.
Okay.
This is how we keep it going for another 178 episodes.
So let's bring back, we can bring back Torcy.
We can bring back ghosts.
That's always a good refurbish bit.
Yeah, this is shit we already do, Travis.
This isn't like, oh, let's talk about ghosts and horses
a bunch, like that's it, that's our show.
We are doing that.
We've been refurbishing bits.
I see.
At least the dozens of episodes.
What about refurbish Furbies?
Refurbies.
Refurbies?
I don't have a rest of that.
I just think that that's a really funny word.
Do you guys know that Furbies
are still like regularly popping off?
And I feel like Furbies are only distinguished by their,
you remember there was that one Christmas
where forget about it.
Like you had to get it.
If you didn't have a Furby under the tree,
you should leave your parent card.
I got Harrow.
You got Harrow?
Was that?
Harrow was the off-brand Furby
for parents that maybe had kind of a tough year.
That was the tagline.
Hey.
Did you have a tough year?
Because they understand.
No, it's okay.
I'm good enough.
Yay.
This is what Harrow would say.
He would say things like he can't tell the difference.
Really, the other parents are just paying for a brand name.
Listen, I'm a smart boy.
Things like that just to make you like.
I remember that Harrow.
You named him Jim Belushi, didn't you?
I named him Jim Belushi,
and one day he disappeared.
Next thing I know, he's on TV.
He had his own show.
Or agents.
I was, of course, suggesting you named him
after the secondhand Belushi,
but you are instead suggesting
that you were gifted Jim Belushi, the actor,
and you gave him his start.
You have to be careful.
You can't get him wet.
You can't feed him after midnight,
or else he's gonna start his own shitty TV show.
That was definitely, definitely on Harrow's instruction.
For Christ's sake, don't let him near a harmonica.
That'll be your whole day.
How about a Yahoo Griffin?
Okay.
Oh.
Coffee break, okay?
This Yahoo is sent in by Ashley Burgart.
Thanks, Ashley.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Big C, who asks,
should there be limits set
for how much can be ordered at fast food drive-throughs?
It seems like I am always getting behind some van
that is ordering like 10 combos.
I don't think this should be allowed.
People with huge orders should be denied
drive-through service and made to place orders inside.
It is unfair to those of us using the drive-through
for its intended purpose to get our food quickly.
I see a drive-through
as kind of like a supermarket express lane.
Order limits should be set
for it to keep its lines steady moving.
Sometimes I read questions on this show
just because they make a lot of fucking sense.
Yeah, this guy's got some fucking good ideas.
I don't, okay, I have a problem
with the premise of his question though,
because I don't think anyone is gonna go inside Arby's
because they wanna soak it in.
Oh, you could have just.
I have to prolong this experience.
In this day and age of drive-through convenience,
who eats in the restaurant?
Our local Arby's and Wendy's has a lot of seating in it,
and it is so confusing to me.
The idea that you would say,
I know where I wanna eat, inside Arby's.
I wanna go into Arby's and sit in there.
And listen, you can make the argument and say like,
well, maybe you have time to kill before a flight
or before you have to be somewhere
and you're not from around there.
Okay, great, get the food and go to a park.
Get the food and go literally anywhere else.
Shut your trash.
Go get your food and go to a park.
You'll be the guy eating Arby's in the park?
Yeah.
That's a good look.
A guy at Arby's has that.
Ooh, get your Arby's and go to a Wendy's.
When you go to Arby's, Arby's tagline is,
hey, you got five minutes?
Because you have five minutes
that you need to refill the old food tank
as fast as you possibly can
because you have plans in seven minutes.
Nobody goes to Arby's and is like,
what is the best possible venue
that I can eat this food in?
Can I get seconds on these onion dippers
because I am just enjoying the ambiance.
This is not a classism.
I'm not saying like.
We do seem to hate on Arby's a lot though.
No.
Have you guys noticed how it's always Arby's?
Is Arby's just the funniest?
I think Arby's is a funny name,
but also I'll go to an Arby's
so I don't feel bad about it.
I went to Arby's two days ago to get some grub.
I get it.
Good mood food.
Mighty Minis.
They're delicious and new.
But.
Tell me more.
Okay, so they got two little things
and they're on Hawaiian buns
and they're two little sandwiches with roast beef
and they have crispy onions on them
and then some like a.
Ooh.
I don't know.
It's like a flavor sauce.
I really don't know what the sauce is.
So sort of like Slammers.
Slammers with roast beef.
They're like little Slammers.
Anyway.
But it's like a little.
What kind of meat?
Oh, roast beef.
Roasted beef.
You dumb fucking.
It's really hoping it's gonna be pulled pork
because I associate pulled pork with the Hawaiian rolls.
No, no, no.
It's a roasted beef.
Anyway, I just don't know.
If you have.
The only context I can see is
if you have kids and you're like,
I cannot be in a car with these children anymore.
Like I have to put them in a place
where I can get them out of my field of view.
I get that.
I understand that.
But if you're just by yourself,
you have to know how much you're gonna upset
other people who will see you.
What if I'm driving through the drive-thru
and I am driving past the window
and I see a man doing a Sudoku
and eating a Mighty Mini out of the corner of my eye
and we make eye contact.
That's my entire day.
You know, you're forgetting.
I was thinking about that guy.
You're forgetting.
Some of these places have free wifi.
Whenever I drive past a McDonald's,
it is illuminated by so many MacBook Air screens
of people, you know, getting some files.
You're also forgetting McDonald's birthday parties.
That is true.
You play the game where you put the straw up to your nose
and you try and jump it and drop it in the cup.
You get in the plate place for a little while,
get a good static buildup.
Was it a common thing that the McDonald's birthday parties
making games out of like.
McDonald's shit.
Oh yeah, like Depression era children
at like fashion games out of whatever was available.
There was one where you had to stock,
stack as many Filet-O-Fish boxes on top.
I remember that.
We have video of that.
Sure.
I feel like that might not have been a McDonald's policy.
That might've just been dad being like,
well, this birthday's shitty.
All right, give me those Filet-O-Fish boxes.
Here's the game kids, stack them.
I don't know what you're talking about.
That was the best birthday that I've ever had in my life.
Man, there are some people in Yahoo Answers
that are just fucking furious about this idea.
What do they have to say?
No, lotto's.
This is a free country.
That would be taking away rights.
Oh my God.
What right?
Excuse me, pardon me.
What legal right does that take away?
Is that freedom of expression?
Is that right to bear arms?
Is that right to refuse army quarter?
Freedom to burger out.
That would be taking away rights.
I don't care if you're buying 1000 cheeseburgers.
You don't care?
You don't care if I buy 1000 cheeseburgers?
Let me read the source because the source is social studies.
What's up now?
This person talks a big game,
but I think if they were at Arby's,
they have five and a half minutes to get this shit
from pulling into the drive through
to consuming every last calorie.
And then someone in front of them is like,
hi, I need one, two, three, four, five,
1000 cheeseburgers, please.
And they're like, well, that's going to take us.
It's going to take us a couple of days.
Because we don't sell cheeseburgers.
Person behind was like, well, this isn't ideal,
but I don't want to infringe on this person's rights
because I learned not to in social studies.
Can I just say I have a bigger problem
when I'm in the fast food line
and it is not the size of the order,
but it's the time to take when they order the order.
I got stuck behind a woman at rallies,
which already I wasn't super proud of myself,
but she went through like 10 different items
asking what came on it and like wanting a breakdown
of the ingredient list and like the care
that would be taken creating the thing.
Where was this at?
At the rallies.
Well, rallies is just kind of an off brand.
It's not really one of the big three.
It's not the one you go to.
I imagine that this is probably this person's first time
at a rallies.
Maybe they've even been to a Checkers before
and they don't know about the regional differences.
There are a lot of questions.
Rallies is a fair place to inquire
about those kinds of things.
The hard thing is you might actually create a deficit
by buying a thousand cheeseburgers.
I went to Wendy's, this was three days ago I think,
and I was in line and when I got to the window,
the gentleman told me, we don't have any beef right now.
You have to pull up and wait a few minutes.
I was at Wendy's and they didn't have hamburgers ready.
From my reaction to this gentleman,
you would have thought that I was in Soviet Russia.
I could not believe that here in this great land,
I was being told I had to wait on a hamburger.
I get it if I'm getting chicken strips.
You may not have those handy.
I understand that.
I had a weird fast food experience
that I wanted to touch on.
Can I ask if it was funny at all
before we jump into it with both people?
It was more bewildering.
Well then it may be not right for the show.
But I would like to say it.
I've been trying to work through it.
You can say it, we'll try and find the humor.
Maybe it'll be like a little slice of life type of humor
like they do on Prairie Home Companion.
But I don't want you to just tell a story
because it's really not that kind of podcast.
I can do it really fast.
Put it through your Dave Barry filter, Travis.
Take the slice of life moment
and then tell it as American humorist
and national treasure Dave Barry would tell it.
No, I pulled up to the Wendy's
and there was a dude standing next to the screen
where you order and he like knocked on my window
and I rolled it down.
He's like, what are you going to have?
And then he talked into his headset
and all I could think was,
oh, this is some kind of weird Wendy scam
where he's pretending he's going to take my money.
And he was like, okay, pull up to the window.
And then I got up to the screen.
He was working for bootleg Wendy.
I guess I got to the screen
and realized I'd forgotten to order something.
And I was like, oh, this guy was talking
because the screen is broken.
And I rolled it down.
I was like, hey, could I also get some thing?
And the voice from the screen was like, yeah, sure.
And then I pulled around to the window.
Why was that guy there?
Was he a ghost maybe?
I don't know.
Did you imagine him
and you were actually talking to the screen the whole time?
Maybe it was Wendy's new hollow projector technology
and the man was a hologram like Wolf Blitzer.
Oh, maybe, you know, I didn't ask.
I guess that was my fault really
is I should have gotten up to the first window
and be like, hey, why is that dude there?
Well, you should have thrown like a fist full of coins
at him if they traveled right through his body,
then you're dealing with a...
Well, that's assuming it's soft light technology.
If it's hard light technology,
then they're still gonna strike off of him.
The only way you can know for sure
is that if they look like a famous person,
because you know that if Arby's has a hologram projection
outside taking orders from people,
why wouldn't you,
you gotta make him look like James Dean
or Elvis or something.
Or Dean Stockwell, how good would that be?
Oh my God, if he's putting your order into Ziggy.
Fuck, that would roll.
I don't know, I'm checking the numbers
and it looks like, yeah, 100% probability of diarrhea.
But I tried the new chicken go wrap.
I should have left.
You're gonna hope that your next leap
will be the leap to your bathroom.
Ziggy says you're gonna die
if you eat this combo meal, definitely.
Every day for the next 30 years.
Definitely. Yes, you will, absolutely.
I was just wondering what it takes to become a mayor.
I have no political affiliations or any substantial income,
but I think I would be a good one.
What do you guys think is the best approach
to take to become a mayor?
Nay, a great mayor.
That's from Mayorally Musing in Nebraska.
I've seen a lot of stories lately about unlikely mayors.
Yeah, like the little kid mayor or a dog mayor.
The little kid mayor, the dog mayor.
I think you gotta have an angle.
Like why would you be mayor?
Superhero mayor. Superhero mayor.
Mayor by day, superhero by night.
John Mayer, people love that.
There's a town in New Hampshire,
I think, where a boat is a mayor.
They have a boat mayor. Seems convenient.
It's not like a play on words or anything.
Their mayor is a fucking boat.
They have a boat that has municipal power over the city.
What about a mer-mer?
That's right, a horse that's a mayor.
But here's the thing, you're not a horse.
That's problem one.
Ooh, what about a mirror mayor?
And you have a mirror and it says over,
like, look into the mirror to see the mayor of this town.
It's you. It's you.
It sounds like, it's like that Time Magazine cover.
It sounds like to me that you guys
just wanna think of fun wordplay.
Moore mayor and Jay Moore is the mayor.
What about a mayo mayor?
Uh-huh.
It's a jar of mayonnaise.
Sure.
I don't even know what a mayor does.
Nobody knows what a mayor does
because a mayor doesn't do any.
Oh, I think the soda's too big,
so let's go ahead and cut, no, shut up, no.
Maybe we, I'm passing a law, no more soda.
Like, you can't, you don't,
you have no legislative powers over any of us.
I think the mayor just appears at things, right?
I think it's entirely different.
Yeah, you make appearances.
I think mayor has the fourth estate.
What is the Tom Clancy shit?
Like, he has, he is not judicial, legislative,
or executive, he has powers elected to him,
given to him by the secret parts of the Constitution
that allow him to protect the other three branches
of government using any means necessary.
The fourth, so he's using the fourth freedom.
The fourth freedom is, that's right.
That's what you're talking about.
That's what third echelon has.
Freedom is, freedom of speech, freedom of dance,
freedom of movement.
Freedom to burger out.
Freedom to burger out is the fifth freedom.
The fourth freedom is, you can.
Fourth meal.
You can legally waterboard people if you're the mayor.
I think the main thing mayor does
is probably go places and get free shit.
Like in a small town, I imagine,
that's basically he's cruising up to the deli
and asking him to throw a few extra slices on.
He travels from deli to deli with his giant scissors
that he also uses to cut the ribbon on things.
He shakes hands with.
That's the first, okay, that's,
Travis, you've stumbled on step one unintentionally.
That step one, if you wanna be a mayor,
you have to invest in giant scissors.
No one's gonna take you seriously.
I would also suggest a golden shovel for groundbreakings.
If you have those already,
that was actually, in my failed campaign for mayor,
that was my slogan, my campaign slogan was,
hey, I already have the shovel.
And it was a picture of me holding a shovel.
Explain to me why you deserve our votes.
You can just keep that shovel money right in your pocket.
It also helps, oh, you gotta walk around
with a push broom and say, I'm gonna clean up this town.
Don't do what I did, which was have a poster
with me in the broom and under it just says,
sweep it up.
Say, this is a real broom,
but it was just you holding your palm out flat
and somebody photoshopped a broom on top of it.
But the broom was a clip art broom
and it was way too small.
Then he just switched it out and changed his tagline to,
he knows how to use Photoshop.
He knows what brooms look like.
He knows how to find clip art.
I'm gonna Photoshop all kinds of business into this town.
I just don't, everyone's so upset about Rob Ford
doing all, getting on all of these shenanigans.
And it's like, he's the town clown.
It's not like the president is doing crack.
Nobody knows what this dude does.
Nobody knows what his job is.
Nobody knows where Toronto is.
I think it's up.
Yeah, it's definitely up.
We can't help this person at all.
How do you become a mayor?
It's an elected position, that much I do know.
I think it helps.
You gotta get signatures first.
Signatures?
Yeah, I mean, you need a hundred signatures.
I think in Nebraska,
as long as you're outside of one of the major cities,
I think you probably have a pretty good shot.
Do you have a shovel?
I think it helps if you were a mayor in school
and then you can carry that over
and then maybe get like be an apprentice mayor.
Are you talking about like current mayor?
In student council,
are you talking about you majored in mayor?
I mean, student council preferably,
but you wanna have the practical experience,
you could have a paper that says you're a mayor,
but you wanna have some credits to your name.
Something that says like, I mayored the lunchroom.
I mayored at the library for a while.
I don't think you know what the word means.
I don't think any of us know.
You have to mayor before you can mayor.
You know what I mean?
It's one of those things because they want someone
with experience, but how do you get the job
to get the experience?
Can you shadow the current mayor?
Could you stalk the current mayor?
Oh, fun.
You could become the mayor.
Ooh, okay.
Plastic surgery, become the mayor,
just silently take over like in Dave.
You gotta Dave the mayor.
It's been a long time since I saw Dave,
but I think that's what happens.
There was an 11 year old mayor in Texas.
Yeah, that's how we do.
Our fucking shit is so free.
We will do shit to just make sure everyone knows
how free we are down here.
We got an armadillo mayor.
Fuck you, fuck your rules.
We don't need them.
We're basically a big state full of pirates.
He actually, he was in an unincorporated community
and his one platform was that he was gonna get them
incorporated and the problem was that making them
an incorporated community, there are laws that said
he would have to be 18 years old,
so he would put himself out of a job.
It was sacrificing his own mayorship.
Isn't that a beautiful, beautiful story?
And that got him the job.
That got him the job because he was gonna sacrifice himself.
You think they were just waiting until he turns 18
and then they get him back up in office?
I don't know, this is a long time ago.
There was a movie.
And his name was Barack Obama.
Barack Hussein Obama.
Look at him now.
Look at him now.
And now you know the rest of the story.
That is why Barack Obama has carried Texas
with such a wide margin of votes
in both presidential elections.
And that's why when he retired,
when he is kicked out of office in 2016 or earlier,
God willing, Benghazi, then he's gonna come back to Texas
and he's gonna be the governor here
because we just can't get enough
of that guy's fucking flavor.
We just cannot get enough of his freedoms.
Can you step back?
We love his Obamacare.
They always make jokes on West Wing
that when you're president,
it's like the last job you'll ever have.
Can you be president and then go be governor of somewhere
and then be mayor of somewhere
and then be on city council?
And then work your way back up?
And then you die as the treasurer
of some student council somewhere?
Is that what you're saying?
I'm just saying, what's the life cycle after presidency?
I think you just lamp.
And I think you just talk at schools about abstinence.
You can finally tell everybody what you think of them.
Oh.
God, how loose cannon would I?
I don't understand why presidents, former presidents,
aren't going full loose cannon.
The only thing that keeps me from going full loose cannon
right now in my day to day is the possibility
that here in about seven years,
I'm gonna be the president.
And I cannot have my campaign sullied
by the actions of my youth.
But if I had already been president at this point.
What are they gonna stop you from doing?
You can't take that away from me.
Try to take me off the nickel.
You can't.
Try to put me on the dime.
There's somebody else there.
I'll stand in the background.
I'm not even worried about it.
Loose cannon.
Hey, you gonna spin me?
Don't look at him, look at me.
Don't look at him, look at me.
Look over here.
I'm in the corner.
If you want to check out the spider on the one,
check it out.
There's a pyramid there.
I built that.
Really close in.
Look at it.
The spider's got Justin's face on it.
You don't give a fuck.
Look at the top of the pyramid.
There's an eye there.
It's my eye.
It's always been.
Let's get a money zone.
Let's give you money.
I got a message.
Got a message for Eric,
but that's not the important thing.
The more important thing is that this message
is as near as I can tell from the sheet from Nas.
So Nas in this case is spelled N-A-Z,
which is not the traditionally accepted spelling of Nas,
the rapper, which is N-A-S.
Correct.
Well, you didn't have to tell him that.
I just thought it was important
that people know that it's.
To be friend, he's Nas to the public,
but he's Nas to his friends.
He's not.
Okay, so Nas the rapper writes,
Eric is my very best bud.
He introduced me to my bim bam
and listening to the show together
is one of our favorite things to do.
Happy birthday, friend.
You're the best and I love you.
And I'm definitely the rapper.
I'm definitely the rapper, Nas.
You know, this is an angle on Jumbotron announcements
that we never thought of.
You could assign a celebrity to wish you
a very special greeting.
Think about it.
This message is for Eric and it's from Tom Hanks.
And he says, I never would have gotten into acting
if it weren't for you.
You're the best.
I based my character and big on you.
Because of what happened to you when you were a child.
When you were cursed by a fortune teller machine
and then you fucked some lady
that was like 20 years older than you
and she is technically wanted for statutory.
Life sure is hard.
Love you lots, best bud, Tom Hanks.
Tommy Hanks.
Tommy Salami to his friends.
Please don't tell everyone that my true name
is Tommy Salami and that I changed it
when I moved to Hollywood.
Hollywood sure did change Tommy Salami.
That guy used to be cool.
They accidentally put out a draft
of that new Walt Disney, Mary Poppins movie.
They, the first trailer they sent out
credited him as Tommy Salami
and they had to recall the old celluloid on that bad boy.
Yeah.
Got another message from Michelle.
Who's it from Griffin?
It's from Maureen, Aaron, Mark, Rhea,
Murder and Sweet Baby, her two kids.
Basically the entire cast of Rent.
Okay.
Happy birthday, Michelle.
Okay.
You go ahead, go for it.
Okay, but don't like ask me to read something
and then like chomp it.
A lot of bit chomping this episode.
A lot of chomping this episode.
Happy 30th birthday, fucking goddammit.
Happy 30th birthday, Michelle.
We know how much you love my bim bam
so we joined forces to wish you the best birthday ever.
May it be filled with friends, wine, fleetwood, mac,
dancing, more friends, and kale.
You're the tortilla that covers
our Santa Barbara love burrito.
Let's stay weird and friends forever.
Beautiful.
You really had me tilt kale.
You had me tilt love burrito.
Yuck, yuck, yuck-a-duck.
I gotta wash that memory away
and the only way I can do it is with stack soap.
Stack soap is a beautiful, unconventional product
that is a soap with a divot.
So when you get down to the stupid sliver,
you jam the sliver into the divot
and oh my god, eternal soap.
Do not prematurely slam the divot.
Don't slam the divot before the time.
Because we tried to do that with our stack soap
and Teresa was like, well our soap doesn't fit
but we had not been patient and we had not waited.
Sometimes you get too excited about that momentous time.
We tried to slam the divot.
I've been rocking the same bar for like a year now.
Just keep, I just keep slamming that divot
and like I get so excited to just slam it.
I take it with me everywhere I go.
Camping, spaceship.
Time.
Camping, spaceship.
Time travel.
Can you even imagine if I took this shit
back to colonial days and was like,
check out this stack soap, colonial fucks.
And they were like, oh goodness.
Because that's how they talked.
And then you check your book and it's like,
oh and now I'm gonna blot out the sun with my power
but you didn't because it was just an eclipse.
But you read it wrong so there's not an eclipse.
So they just think you're a liar.
And then they burn you to death and keep your soap.
Burn you to death and keep your peppermint,
jasmine, and unscented soap.
There's three different varieties now.
You can get them on Amazon but go to, do me a favor.
If you're in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Washington, DC,
South New Jersey, Virginia, or Kentucky,
go to Whole Foods, buy them there
so more Whole Foods will carry them.
And just buy that.
Don't buy anything else.
Don't buy anything else
because they know they track everything.
Buy it at Whole Foods, get it as a gift,
and go to stacksoap.com to get more information about it.
Speaking of foods, man,
I got a deep hunger in my belly.
I finished all the Thanksgiving leftovers.
I ate it for like six meals in a row.
I'm like half turkey fat now.
I wish I had something I could put in my bell bell.
Well, I got great news for you, Griffin.
Nature box. Okay.
Nature box.
Have you heard about it?
I've heard of nature and I know like what boxes are.
So I'm imagining just like you put some bushes
and dirt in a box.
Yep.
No, you're so wrong.
Shit.
Do you like bush boxes?
Is that like an old porn vagina?
What are you talking about?
The nature box is a collection of healthy snacks
sent to you every month and they're not bad,
they're delicious, but they are healthy.
We can get like dark cocoa almonds, those are very good.
Salted caramel pretzel pops, delicious.
French toast granola.
Listen, I put it to you this way.
You know when you can go to a vending machine
and you want to eat the healthy option,
so you're like, oh, that nut granola bar thing
that's coated in sugar and it's all like this process
to gross food, but you're trying to trick yourself
into thinking that's the healthy option?
Those are Skittles.
You accidentally bought Skittles.
This is the real option.
This is the thing that's gonna get to you
and you're gonna be amazed by both how delicious it is
and it's good for you.
Like what more do you want than that?
I can't imagine.
And you're gonna be able to,
we're gonna get you a little discount here.
It's no big deal.
Don't tell anybody.
Tell everybody.
But make sure they use this coupon code.
That's the thing.
If you want to tell everybody,
you're gonna get your first order in nature box 50% off.
Just use the coupon code MYBROTHER.
It's all one word.
You're gonna get it ship free to you.
Nothing artificial, nothing weird,
but you are gonna get it a little cheaper, 50% off.
And it's gonna cover all your tastes.
You want savory, you want salty, you want sweet.
It's all there.
You want umami?
Ooh, umami, do you?
I don't think that's a thing, but.
Umami, it's yeah, it's the hidden flavor.
It's the fourth.
No, I don't think umami do you.
It's the fourth estate of flavors.
It's the flavor that protects the other flavors
and it can do whatever it needs to to do it,
including waterboarding.
Alton Brown invented it.
Alton Brown invented it.
Cause um, it's just the best.
So naturebox.com, go get it, eat it, live.
Pretty good tagline for them if they need one.
Get it, eat it, live.
Alive.
Hey, I'm Jesse Thorn.
Hey, I'm Jordan Morris.
We're actual friends.
And actual professional broadcasters.
We host Jordan, Jesse Go!
A show about, you know, friendship, being a person.
Yeah, we run the full spectrum from feelings
to some of the most vulgar jokes you can imagine.
And honestly, putting it that way
makes it seem like it's half and a half,
at best 25, 75.
It's definitely mostly vulgarity,
but it's a pleasant, friendly vulgarity
from two guys who went to a reasonably
prestigious UC college.
Why don't you try the show out now?
Grab one with one of your favorite comedians,
like a Rob Corddry or Rob Delaney or whatever.
Or somebody awesome that maybe you haven't heard of yet.
Yeah, go to Maximumfun.org or your favorite podcasting app
and download an episode of Jordan, Jesse Go! now.
Justin, oh my God, introduce Farm Wisdom.
Farm wisdom, farm wisdom.
Grow some corn and watch some porn.
No, why would you?
Nailed it, nailed it.
That's gross.
You really touched on the too hot topic
that farmers are worried about today.
What should they grow,
and then what should they do with their free time?
We got it covered.
Do you guys think there's farmer porn?
Do you think that there's a set of specific things
that only, like a good mulch,
that farmers just can't get it going
unless they experience that in their porn?
Definitely.
You think that farmer porn has to have mulch?
I'm saying that there, that's a-
I think regular porn has to have mulch,
but that's just me.
I'm a man of very exotic tastes.
I think that farmer porn has to incorporate
some sort of element about topsoil erosion,
about the water table.
I think that like, they have to set that up.
Like, you know how some porn has like a fiction to it,
they have to set that up.
Like, hey, I lost my phone when I was over here
for the party.
Come in, cool.
Yeah, hey, can you tell me about the water table
here at your place?
And she's like, oh yeah, it's,
we're looking at a pH balance of about four,
which makes it good for, you know,
more acidic things like peaches.
Wouldn't mind, I'd like to see your peaches.
Yeah, they're great.
We have this new mulch,
and they're growing really nice and plump.
All right, well, thanks, bye.
And then he leaves.
And then he leaves.
And then he leaves.
And then he leaves.
And then he leaves.
And then he leaves.
And then he leaves.
And then he leaves.
And then he's ready.
I bought a book to learn how to raise goats
to make artisan goat cheeses,
and was shocked to find that when baby goats' kids
are delivered breach, they sometimes look dead.
They aren't.
In order to, quote, wake the goats up, end quote,
the farmers must grab the kid by its neck and feet
and swing a big U shape several times
to clear the amniotic fluid out of its nose and lungs.
Gross, right?
That's from Tiffany.
I mean, that's how humans.
They have to do that to human babies, too, I think, right?
How else are they gonna start breathing?
Don't you think that that's like 50-50,
like that's what you have to do,
and also it's probably pretty fun for the farmer?
Probably pretty fun to do it, yeah.
The farmer's like, ooh, breach!
Whip, boop, boom, go dance!
Pretend to do like a quick little Fred Astaire cane wobble.
My father, who is a soybean and corn farmer in Illinois,
told me and my sister,
if you see a dead snake in the road,
in three days you'll have rain.
And if it rains in January, you'll have frost in May.
That's science, it's from Cindy.
It's not science though, Cindy.
Cindy, I hate to break.
The thing is, I feel like you could do correlation science
with like the rain in January, frost in May,
but what connection could a dead snake
possibly have to rain?
If I start killing snakes, can I summon the right,
like what are the rules to this science?
I bet your dad is trying to fib you out on that.
I bet it starts raining two days after,
and he's like, well, if you think about it,
I guess if you count from hours,
it's really three days.
If you count the first day as a day,
you can pretty much justify anytime you see a dead snake,
it's probably three days.
And are we talking about like the first person
that sees a snake?
Like if you see the snake and it starts raining one day,
can you just assume that someone saw that dead snake
two days before you did?
Oh, good question, because if you see it
and then your friend sees it the next day,
who's right and who's wrong?
People will just keep seeing this fucking snake
over and over and over again.
You could have like a perpetual drought.
That's why I should say,
if you see a dead snake in the road and then eat it,
it will rain in three days.
If a snake sees it's raining,
does it call its parents right away?
I'm fine, I'm fine.
Has anyone heard from Jimmy?
It's been like three days.
Oh, fuck, Jimmy, no.
No.
I can't believe we don't have any subway hacks.
I know.
We did get one where someone was worried
that the other way around,
that if you subway hacked the subway artist,
they would not give you enough condiments.
I felt it was a very scary world
in which the subway artist would be able
to revenge himself upon us.
Oh, vindictive.
He knows he got snowed,
so he's gonna try to take away your mustard?
We got a subway hack from somebody claiming
you can get a subway sandwich with every topping,
including all toppings, for around $18.
For some reason, it really upset the artist
to get it on flatbread.
Oh, man, that sucks.
Let me get a turkey, ham, Swiss, pizza sauce,
avocado, chicken, bacon, ranch.
Of course I want it toasted,
and I want it toasted after everything's been put on it.
You can do that,
but you'd legally have to eat it in front of them.
God, now I'm really hungry.
Like the fucking kid in the chocolate cake from Matilda.
People in the subway start cheering you on.
Should you thank a waiter every time they pour you water?
Yes.
Thanking them every time feels weird,
but so does ignoring them.
Thank them every time.
You thank them every time.
That's an easy one.
Let me throw this out.
Okay.
You do a thanking of diminishing returns.
Thanks!
The first time, you're like, oh, thank you.
The second time, you're like, oh, thank you.
Thanks.
The third time, you're like, well, thanks.
And then by the end, you're just like,
fuck you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you.
It has to go back to the-
You just look at them and nod.
Goes back to the other side.
God damn it.
Enough, enough.
That's plenty.
I'm peeing like a madman over here.
You guys wanna get a who?
Please.
It's Yahoo was sent in by Ashley Eubank.
Thanks, Ashley.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Jordan, who asks,
why do I look bad in pictures, but good in a mirror?
I look horrible in picture, but good in a mirror.
I heard if you look into a mirror
and then you hold up a small mirror
and look at yourself by projecting the mirror image
onto the small mirror,
that is what you look like to other people, is this true?
What?
Wait, hold on.
It took a weird turn,
because I was about to be like, okay, yeah, I get it.
What?
What?
They have a point,
when you look in your mirror image, right?
They talked about this on Radio Lab.
If you look at the mirror image,
that's not what other people see.
They see the opposite of that.
You are seeing all of your features reflected, but backwards.
How do you look into the mirror
and the other mirror at the same time
with your reflection in it?
You hold up a mirror and your face to the mirror
and you look at your face in the second mirror
that you're holding up to the first mirror.
That's easy peasy.
Wait, so you're looking in mirror A
and seeing the reflection from mirror B
of the reflection in mirror A?
Yeah, this isn't that hard.
I do not understand
why you're having so much trouble with this.
And if a sunbeam hits mirror A,
you will burn your face off.
Okay.
You will lose your eyesight.
But in that circumstance,
if you're looking at A to see B and A,
aren't you not seeing,
you're seeing a double, triple,
wait, the triple reflection.
I'm so confused.
What you have to do is rip your own eyeballs
out of your head.
Okay.
Now, again, you're not-
You didn't say that.
I didn't have all of the details.
You are not gonna get the full picture of it,
because again, you will be missing eyeballs.
And that is a pretty important part of the face.
I think with the mirror,
I think if I were to guess at an actual answer here,
I think the difference between mirror and photographs
is that even if it just takes a moment,
when you're in a mirror,
you can adjust your angles and your facial expression.
So you can kind of see,
you can adjust and tweak the look.
But I think in a camera,
you're just kind of throwing caution to the wind
and hoping that it's a great angle.
I actually, I think it has more
of a psychological factor to it,
where I think you can look in the mirror
and know that that is ever changing.
And maybe you've got a bad hair day that day,
but you're able to subconsciously forgive it
because it looked really good the day before.
But when you look at a picture,
you know that that's locked in time forever.
It's always gonna look like that.
So you're way more judgmental.
Oh my God.
So you're saying like the permanence of a photograph
is what makes it look worse?
Yeah.
This is why Facebook needs an option
where like if you get tagged in something,
you have the option to delete it.
Or just a text only Facebook.
How great would that be?
I guess it would have to be called something else
at that point.
Or you could do like an ASCII interpretation of your face.
You know what I mean?
Like maybe an emoticon that you think looks a lot like you.
For me, like 8D because I'm always got those big eyes.
I always got a big smile on my face.
And people were just like,
no, like when they see an 8D,
then it's me.
And sometimes I'll try to put like an M dash
in the middle of it to like signify my nose,
but now it looks like a dick.
Oops.
Oops, that's not what my face looks like.
I don't think, I hope not.
I don't think you have dick face personally,
but I'm your brother.
I'm blinded by my love for you.
Can I just throw this out?
Facebook sometimes really embarrasses me
because sometimes if I'm yelling at someone
in a post or something,
and I am breaking down reasons why I'm mad at them
and I say option A parentheses,
you know, to like separate that out.
And then I put option B parentheses.
It just instantly turns that into a smiley face
with sunglasses, which really cheapens my argument.
Yeah.
It's like you're saying,
hey, because you ruined my wedding and hey.
And what's up?
And here's something a cool guy would say.
Imagine this in my cool guy voice.
You stole my wife.
Hey.
Question.
Hit me.
No, you do it.
I thought you had one.
Read the one about bladder shy.
I'm, it's gonna be hard because I really have to pee.
I'm extremely bladder shy.
I'm only comfortable going at home.
I can go in public restrooms if no one is in there,
but if anyone is in the bathroom,
I can't even go in the stalls.
This is especially a problem at large public events
like sporting events or concerts.
Is there a way to get over this problem
or at least lessen its effects?
That's from Sam Crossfire Quave.
Let me tell you, I used to have the same problem.
Not so much with the stalls thing.
That's fucking crazy.
But in the urinals, definitely.
If there's other people in there, no thanks.
To the extent that like if I'm going in a urinal
in a restroom where nobody else is,
and then I hear somebody like walk up to the door,
my penis is like, and shuts down.
Powering the energon slow.
My penis is a transformer.
And what got me over this is at some point in my life,
I became, I'll say borderline incontinent.
I have a bladder that is capable of holding
like 15 cubic millimeters of liquid at any given time
and then I have to excuse myself.
I have, as I've talked about on the show,
not ashamed to admit it, IBS that is probably deadly
and it's just when it has to,
it's become such a routine thing now,
me using the potty, that if I don't just get it over with,
it would literally be my entire life.
So that is sort of how I got over my nervous bladder,
is that I have taken away any option from my palate.
It's like, it's my way or the pee your pants way.
Let me throw out option smiley face with sunglasses.
Okay.
Travel around with a duffel bag full of your decorations
from your home bathroom, decorate the stall with your stuff
and it'll make you feel more comfortable.
I love that, you hang up the little cross stitch
that says if you tinkle while you sprinkle,
be a sweetie, write the CD.
Yeah.
Just hang it up.
Don't leave that in there though, please.
No, you have to take it with you.
But there's this, oh, you put the toilet seat cover
from your toilet seat on there, you put your mat around it,
you have your potpourri going,
you have your picture of Neil Diamond,
you have your cross stitch and you just go to town.
Everything in there that you just said,
that whole list all was normal.
I just wanted to give you the peace of mind
that all the things that you have in your pee zone
are totally normal.
Thank you.
Sydney always gives me a hard time
because whenever I go to like a new place,
I usually will go to the bathroom right away.
I love to go pee.
You want to scope the sitch.
Also because I'm really socially awkward
and the bathroom's sort of like my safe place
where I can get away from it all.
It's like a little vacation for people.
And there's no problem with pre-planning.
Like Danny Ocean didn't just walk into the Bellagio
and like grab all the shit and walk out.
Like you got to get some blueprints and stuff.
And sometimes they have like a weird toilet.
I went into a bathroom where the urinal was like
this bucket set up thing that they had turned into a toilet.
Like you want to prep for that.
You want to know that ahead of time.
You don't want to get in there
and suddenly you're throwing off your rhythm
because it's like, well, hold on.
And then you've peed your pants.
This problem is especially bad in the sort of environs
that the question Astrid mentioned,
like stadiums and concert venues.
I feel like they are getting worse
about not distinguishing pee zones from hand washing zones.
In the effort to sort of push everyone cattle-like
through the experience,
it is not uncommon to see urinals that look a lot
like hand washing stations and vice versa.
For kids, you go to like an elementary school,
maybe you're voting or something like that.
You go to the bathroom.
You've just peed in a child's sink is what you did there.
You just peed in a child's sink.
What I hate even more because yes, that is awful.
But what I hate is the bathroom planner
who puts this hand washing sink
like directly like six inches away from a urinal.
So that means if person A is washing his hands
and person B is pissing, it's like, oh, hey.
Well, they do that.
I'll be over there in a second.
They do that intentionally
because that way if someone is having a hard time,
you can give them some words of encouragement.
Like, hey.
I've been where you've been.
I've been where you've been.
I got through it and you will too.
Get that pee out of there.
Get it on out and then come over here and wash your hands.
I'm gonna go back out to the movie,
but first I wanted to tell you, you're my big man.
You're my big, big man.
You're my big man.
You can do this.
Okay, enjoy the Wolverine.
I was peeing in a urinal a couple weeks ago.
Tell me more.
Hold on, this is good.
I was peeing in a urinal in a restaurant a couple days ago
and I watched this gentleman out of the corner of my eye.
I don't think he knew I was in the urinal
because he kind of went out of the toilet stall
and went straight to the sink.
And I watched this gentleman from the corner of my eye
turn on the water, wait a second, and then turn it off.
Fucking that guy is on point.
So if he didn't know you were there,
who was that whole act for?
I don't know.
There are other stalls that had closed doors,
so I'm assuming he thought a little show for them
or maybe someone had been walking in.
I don't know who this production was for.
He didn't activate any sort of hand drying afterwards?
Is it possible that he was going to wash his hands
and he turned on the water
and in the second after he turned on the water,
he just went, ah, no, I'm not kidding, and turned it off.
I'm gonna grab the knob.
Why start now, Wayne?
Why start now?
Maybe, and this is totally reasonable.
Maybe he peed in the toilet stall, right?
And listen, it's entirely possible.
Ladies, you might not know about this.
It's entirely possible for a dude
to do that particular business
without touching his zone at all.
You just, you unzip, you flump, you do it,
you pull the pants forward to retract it
and then you zip up, no contact.
So maybe he got up to the sink, turned on the water.
He was like, wait, did I touch my business?
And then he said, no, I didn't.
I'll just go ahead and turn this right off
because your pants aren't dirty.
You know what I mean?
That's true.
It's just the sin that's dirty.
When you touch your zone, you get sin all over your hands.
You gotta wash that off.
But you've almost certainly encountered
some sort of fixture that has been touched
by someone else with dick on their hands.
No, maybe not.
I mean, it's entirely, like shit's super automated now.
That's true.
I'm saying it's entirely possible
to get in and out of the bathroom
without touching nothing but your pants.
And in those situations, I think it's 100% acceptable
to walk out of the doors and keep making that army sandwich.
What if he's hydrophobic?
He might be hydrophobic, too.
Like he was trying to work up his nerve?
This is his little way of facing his fear
and he's on step six, right?
And step six is just turn on the water, Wayne.
You don't have to use it, but just know that it's there.
If you need it.
But you don't because you didn't touch your dick at all.
You're fine.
Go ahead.
That was step five.
Step five was to learn to pee without touching your dick
because he's also dick-phobic.
It's not that hard.
It's super easy.
98% of the time, I do it.
Is this a weird thing?
I've never talked or said any of this shit out loud before,
but I don't think it's that weird of a thing.
I guess it's a weird thing
because you guys are like stymied right now.
No. No, it makes sense.
I know where you're coming from.
Just on plus.
Okay.
It's so common.
It's so normal that you think it doesn't even bear talking.
I don't even think it bears repeating.
Sometimes you do just pee without touching your stuff.
Sometimes you touch it a lot though.
Sometimes you gotta jostle to get the engine going.
Sometimes like first date town,
you can't keep your hands off of it.
Listen, thank you so much for listening to our program.
We hope you have had a good time.
I wanna thank people who have sent us stuff in the mail.
Real quick, dipping into the mailbag.
We have a P.O. Box.
It's P.O. Box 54, Huntington, West Virginia, 25706.
So I wanna thank Corinna Terbs.
She's a beekeeper who sent us some honey
that had been aged in whiskey barrels.
You have not eaten all of it, have you?
There's still some?
No, I saved some.
I can bring it to Griffin's wedding.
Turkenhillapiary at gmail.com is her email address
and she didn't ask for plug or anything.
I just really, I dug it.
So I wanted to tell you guys where you can get it
because she's thinking about going full-time
in the beekeeping game and I say go for it.
Chris Cucciara, Cucciara, yes.
The Cooch?
Chris Cucciara, the Cooch,
sent us boxes of all the monster cereals,
which is amazing.
Matthew Segal sent us a horse and pony
body language phrase book.
Which is so kind, be able to communicate better for them.
Our buddy Martha sent us some pictures,
some prints that she made.
And Cruz Flores sent us some Halloween candy
and it says at the bottom of his note,
it was dictated but not read, which I really appreciate it.
We also got, by the way, I have misplaced the label,
but who sent it to us.
But we got three dog tags that have emblazoned on them
in case of an emergency blast my cash.
Oh, that's amazing.
This is our franchise.
So awesome.
I'll bring those to you guys too.
You guys are amazing.
Yeah, you're all the best.
Thank you all so much for sending us that neat stuff.
And thank you to folks tweeting about the show
using the nbnbm hashtag like Matt, James Hardesty,
Nick Robinson, Eric DS1, Charlie Balcom,
Kyle M. Smith, Justin Sedeck, Alex Shaver,
Dave Smith, Danny Persky, Hosmer Angel, Jeremy Greer,
Tiffany N, so many others.
Jeremy Piven.
Also wanna remind everybody, make sure to go check out
our friends at Nature Box and use the coupon code
MYBROTHER and get 50% off your first order.
Even if you, just go check it out.
It's a super great idea and I think you'll really love it.
If you want my current Nature Box,
the one I'm gonna be getting delivered tomorrow,
you can get a box just like your old hero Justin,
get some citrus chipotle chickpeas,
baked sweet potato fries, French toast granola,
salted caramel pretzel pops, and Italian bistro pretzels.
That's my box.
That's how I roll.
And make sure you check out all the other great shows
on Max Fun, Wham Bam Pow, Throwing Shade,
Jordan and Jesse Go, Bullseye, Judge John Hodgman,
Stop Podcasting Yourself, and of course,
Sawbones with Justin McElroy and Sidney McElroy.
Probably my favorite show on the network.
Larry, let's check it out.
Two things.
Thanks, John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure.
Off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
You can find it on Amazon.
You can find it anywhere.
Makes a great Christmas present for them
who have been a fan in your life or anybody
because it's a really good record.
Also, we're not gonna have an episode next week
because I'm getting mail weed.
Will the week after that be our Candle Nights episode
or are we gonna do the Candle Nights episode
on like the 23rd?
I don't know.
Let's figure that out when we're not
like actively recording an episode.
Start sending in your Candle Nights questions.
Candle Nights coming up.
Make sure that you put in the subject
something about Candle Nights
so that I can separate those out.
Don't swear.
Don't swear in your questions
because we don't swear in the answers.
It's our family-friendly episode every year
that is the hardest to record and to edit.
So yeah, seriously, thank you guys all very much
for your love and support.
I feel like I'm getting married to all of you.
You know what I mean?
Legally, he is.
Legally, I am getting married
to everybody who listens to the show.
So thank you.
We're all going to have such a lovely family together.
All right, Griffin, I'm ready.
Finally, Yahoo.
For the last question.
Finally, Yahoo was sent in by Sean Moran.
Thanks, Sean.
For the Yahoo Answers user, Mixi Minix, who asks,
is it possible to get sick from farting a lot
under your covers at night
and then opening them in the morning?
Oh, Justin McElroy.
Oh, Travis McElroy.
God, I hope not.
It's been my brother and brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Hey, girls, do you wanna just say, hey, I wanna?
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
My name is Dave.
My name is Graham.
And we're both the hosts of Stop Podcasting Yourself,
which is a podcast from Canada.
In fact, we've won the best podcast in Canada
two years in a row at the Canadian Comedy Awards.
Sounds made up.
It does sound made up.
Even as I was saying it, I'm like, did that really happen?
Here's the thing.
Stop Podcasting Yourself is a very positive show
about two people who hate absolutely everything.
But we love you and you listening through all this.
People have already fast forwarded through this part
of the program.
Anyway, thanks.
We're Stop Podcasting Yourself,
and you can find us at Maximumfun.org.
