The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother and My Brother and Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your babiest brother, Griffin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. Are you ready for some football?
Hey guys, it's me, it's us. Football bobcat Goldthwait?
No, mine, it's me, it's Bosephus. Hank Williams, uh, Hank Williams Jr.
Hank Williams Jr. It's me, Hank Williams Jr.
Hank Williams, quote, Bosephus Jr. Bosephus, Henry to my friends.
Are you ready for some football? How many names do you have?
I'm very worried about you, Mr. Williams. You sound like you're coming down with something.
Have you been inhaling sulfur? I am coming down with something.
I'm coming down with football fever. Are you ready for some football?
It's gonna be a party. Mr. Williams,
could you explain to Justin that he still has to record an hour-long show after this?
He shouldn't fry his voice. If you were doing anything.
Listen, it's Super Bowl Sunday, let me sing my fucking song.
Are you ready for some football? Bosephus, to put this in terms that you can-
Just once, can I get through the fucking song?
I just want to warn you that just in football, like, terminology,
this is just like the the beginning of the first inning,
and you don't want to, you don't want to blow out your treasure.
Yeah, no, that's a great point. Are you ready for some football?
Why do you sound like Anibal?
You know, I can stop doing the fucking voice a lot quicker if you let me get through my
goddamn song. Once. Just once. Once. Once. Once.
Once. Will you get him next time, Gadget?
Are you ready for some football? It's gonna be a party.
Gotta toss the great iron around, make sure everybody touches it.
Because if all of your players don't touch the ball, then you're never gonna win the game.
Yeah, everybody get it. What are we doing for this play, Peyton Manning?
Well, I think we're just gonna sort of pass the ball around and just sort of
hand, make sure everybody gets a hand on it, or else the score, the score won't count.
That would be, I would say that would be an awesome trick play if they all just formed
around the ball, right? Everybody had a hand on it, and it was just like a wheel,
you know, extending out from the ball. And as people tried to dive, they're just like
bouncing off the backs of all the players, like, we can't even get to the ball.
What's Peyton doing? Like, this is genius.
Listen, you guys are having a lot of fun, but I got an embarrassing confession.
I do not, even on a surface level, understand the rules.
So the answer to, are you ready for some football, is because I am not.
It's categorical now.
Because I am not prepared for football whatsoever. You know, here's a fun fact,
can I tell you a fun fact?
Please.
For about a week, while I was writing it, that song had a reference to hitting the net.
Yeah.
So my banjo player was having some fun with me. His name was Dan Joe.
Dan Joe.
Dan Joe the banjo player.
Dan Joe player was his name.
Was the net in reference attached to the-
Good man! He was a good man, though.
When the kicker warms up, I guess he kicks into a net. Is that what it was in reference to?
I had to let Dan Joe go in the mid-2000s. He got the arthritis.
Yeah, you can't have-
Sorry, what was the question? What was your question about touchdown?
Uh, I was just wondering how one passes the gridiron route.
Well, you just, uh, you know, the laces out.
Yeah, okay.
Bocevis.
What's up, Brian? Are you ready?
Yeah, man, I wish you had been here last week when we decided that that was going to be our
football episode, and that next week we'd have to come up with something clever and original, but-
Well, my agent was supposed to get me on that one.
Yeah.
And he dropped the ball so bad. My agent is Dan Joe player.
I had to find a place for him in the organization after the arthritis.
Did he drop the ball because of the arthritis?
He can't top an email worth a goddamn.
Man, arthritis has really sort of ravaged your life, huh?
Yes, it has. Well, it is.
That ugly disease has really sort of turned your whole career around.
Well, Dan Joe's career, and by extension mine, he's such a key player, you know?
Hank, Hank, be honest with me, is Dan Joe player your Chris Gaines?
Please, Henry, we're friends.
Wait, you want a more formal name because we're friends?
Please, my nickname is for business acquaintances.
It's Henronicus, please.
Henronicus Bocevis Williams Jr., the junior, the third.
Bocevis, thanks for stopping by the show. Sorry that your life is so miserable.
Absolutely fine, man.
This is the highlight of my week. I can't believe we're done already.
I just don't think you deserve the plight, the hand you've been dealt,
but, you know, sometimes that's just how it goes.
You gotta know when to hold them, know when to fold them, right?
Right, Bocevis?
Is that a football reference? I don't understand. Is there folding?
Yes.
Can you fold?
If you're hit hard enough.
If you're hit hard enough, you almost certainly will.
Well, listen, guys, this has been Real Treat.
Want to ask everybody to get out to iTunes and get my new CD, Hank on Hank.
It's a spoken word album, I believe.
It's a spoken word album where I just recount, it's just stories from the road,
set to music, my music.
Arthritic stories, essentially, is what we're dealing with.
Listen, I gotta roll, but you guys have been so awesome.
Country Boy can survive. South's gonna rise again.
Okay, you're fading away, it sounds like a little bit.
Listen, it's been a great run, everybody.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Are you ready for some football?
Feel better.
Monday night party!
And there he goes off into the sunset.
He does know the Super Bowl's on Sunday, right?
Yeah, Travis, will you text Justin and just make sure that he can stop by for any party?
I'm really afraid that Hank Williams killed Justin.
Sorry, guys.
Hank Williams had me locked up in his rock and roll trunk, is what he called it.
What else was in there?
Oh, in there?
Yeah.
Okay, this is gonna sound weird, but there was a corpse of a man who looked like an
arthritic banjo player, which sounds weird to me.
I don't know how I knew that.
Well, maybe I'll tell you all about it when you're older.
Okay, I'll be happy to do that.
I'm Justin McElroy, I'm the oldest brother.
Hi.
Did you say it's a show about the modern era and all that stuff?
Yeah, I did that shit at the very beginning.
Are you ready to start recording?
Yeah, let's do the count to sync up and we'll just sort of roll from there.
Okay.
Hey, everybody, it's Justin McElroy.
It's my brother, my brother, and me.
Let's skip the introductions this week.
I feel froggy.
Let's jump right into the advice.
Do you feel froggy because you just spoke like fucking Yoda for like six minutes?
Oh, you mean Hank Williams Jr.?
No, I'm a different person from him, but how's your object permanent?
It's not good.
It's bad, yeah.
I closed the webcam window in Skype and then suddenly the two of you didn't exist anymore.
I slipped and fell in the ice a few weeks ago and hurt my wrist.
Ever since then, it hurts to shake hands with people.
My banjo career is over.
Also, I'm a corpse.
I'm a corpse in a box.
Help.
Do you have any recommendations for ways I can avoid shaking hands until it gets better
without having to tell them the whole story?
That's from Shaken Up in Philadelphia.
Why are you afraid to tell people that story?
That's not an embarrassing story.
I mean, if people saw it, it's embarrassing, but that's not like you didn't slip and fall
in the ice because you were distracted because you were jerking it, I'm assuming.
It wasn't like you hurt your wrist because you wiped your butt at a weird angle.
That would actually be a very embarrassing story.
What if you did that?
What if you were wiping and just snapped?
No, not like this.
Not again.
What do you even do?
You can't use the other hand.
Could you put on an air cast and wear that everywhere so people go to shake your hand
just kind of, ugh, this thing, and then point to it with your head like, ugh, this.
Can't shake.
This, ugh.
You know how it goes.
This is one of many, many social problems that could be fixed if we Americans would
just sort of adopt the beautiful practice of face kissing upon greeting.
Mm-hmm.
Or just a light bow.
Yeah, sure.
It's 2015.
It's time to start doing things in the Japanese style.
You know, that's my jam.
So I think maybe it's time to fold them when you meet somebody.
No need to tie them.
Oh, you got to know when to hold them, and you got to know when to fold them.
You got to know when to hold a hand.
There's a Japanese tradition that you learn if you're in the games industry that when
someone hands you a business card or a card of any sort, you should accept with two hands,
and it's a very big deal.
And I know this.
You spend 15 minutes reading it and admiring the lettering.
And then last week, I was purchasing a carryout order at a local Japanese establishment,
and the woman behind the counter took my card with both hands, and I felt so angry that
I was not able to put my one area of cultural literacy to practice.
Can you imagine how fucking impressed she would have been if I'd handed it to her with two
hands?
She would have been like, wow.
Wow.
What did you do?
You just sort of like fucking slid it across the table and fucking gambit?
I flipped it at her head.
No, I just kind of, you know how you do.
Almost embarrassed that you don't have cash here, this.
I'm sorry.
I'm the worst.
I'm the worst.
Yeah, bow, I think.
Or salute.
Yeah, there's all kinds of options.
Don't feel like your hands are tied, because that would probably hurt too.
I gotta say, if someone reaches their extensor, hands for a handshake, and then you salute,
they are going to have you in prison.
What if you do all of them?
Could you just say something like, I've been sick.
I shouldn't.
Like, then you don't have to tell the whole story.
You don't just shake their hand.
Let me hit you with this.
They hold out your hand, their hand.
They hold out their hand.
And you salute.
Then they hold out your hand.
Nope.
You salute, and you bow, and while you're down there, you kiss their hand.
That's an option.
Listen, America's a melting pot.
Not in the regal sense, where you take it, and you kiss the ring or whatever.
You just sort of kiss the top of their extended palm.
The problem here is the conversation that follows.
I would shake, but I fell and hurt my hand, and it really hurts to shake.
So you broke it?
No, I'm just over here.
I just kind of ouchied it.
I kind of ouchied it.
I stoved it, to use that colloquialism.
I stoved it.
Kind of an ouchie, and now I can't.
Oh, when they reach out, they'll say like, no, I shouldn't.
I just farted on my hand.
No, well, that would be like a hundred times worse.
Way worse.
I think you'd just be up front and just say that you made a boo-boo nanny
while you were walking on the street.
It's fucking-
I made a whoopsie daisy.
It's February.
Shit's slick out there.
People be making boo-boo nannies all the time.
24-7 boo-boo nannies.
I made a boom-boom on the street across from here.
That's a different thing.
Again, another bad thing.
Boo-boo nannies.
Is a boom-boom bad?
Boom-boom means he pooped on the street.
It means he pooped on the street.
Why aren't you guys helping me get boo-boo nannies started?
Because it sounds like a terrible TLC reality show.
I'm trying to fucking pollinate our listeners' brain fields
with boo-boo nanny to try and get it going
for when people make a whoopsie daisy.
I was distracted because I was actually filing the trademark paperwork
on a boo-boo nanny to make sure-
I was pitching it into it.
I was pitching it to E.
It's a good word.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
I need to check boo-boo nanny.com super quick though.
Okay.
How are you spelling it?
Like phonetic?
B-O-O-N-A-N-Y.
Okay.
Imagine this.
Honey boo-boo, right?
She needs a babysitter.
You get a super rich woman who's a little bit like
she's been tossed out by her parents.
So she needs the money because she's never had to get a job before.
So she's the boo-boo nanny.
That young woman's television career is over.
Do you guys want to Yahoo though?
Yeah, absolutely.
Can you do me one favor really quick and just take your game
and then recognize this game from Rachel Sperling.
Thank you, Rachel Sperling.
Oh, I know that game.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Steve, who asks,
if you had the chance to go to bedrock and live in a cartoon world
but could not come back, would you do it?
Update.
And of course you would be an animated cartoon character as well.
Maybe a friend of the Flintstones and maybe not.
Well.
Oh, hold on.
All right.
What kind of world are you pitching where basically you have to live
in a cartoon caveman era and also you don't know the Flintstones.
So you're not really on the show.
It just strikes me that there's so many bitter
like animated worlds to want to be a part of.
Like that's why I proposed this question.
I mean, let's respect the source material with bedrock.
Would I leave my entire life?
Would I leave my wife behind and my house and my cat
and my group of friends here in Austin to go live in fucking bedrock?
No.
To what end?
I will say whenever I see the intro and he gets that like giant ass
rack of dinosaur ribs to watch the drive-in movie,
I always think like I would actually I would,
oh my God, I would fuck those ribs up.
But I don't think that I would love those ribs
the way that I love my, you know, my wife.
I think we can all agree that those giant ribs
are the only plus of living in bedrock.
Other than that, you have animals running your sink,
your vacuum cleaner, your lamps.
Oh, and also one thing that you forgot, Travis,
is that there's fucking dinosaurs everywhere.
Including in your home.
In your home.
You've got to push your car around with your fucking feet.
And even if they don't bite you, the smell probably isn't great.
That's something that people don't like think about
when we watch the new Jurassic World trailer.
It's like, oh, Chris Pratt, I love that guy.
Oh, and he's running with some velociraptors.
I bet that's fun.
Yeah, but think about it.
Those things probably smell like shit.
Yeah.
T-Rex, T-Rex with those arms, he's not cleaning himself.
He does not have a good clean.
His, from the tail to his tummy,
that whole region is gonna stink horrifically.
Have you guys thought about the fact
that like their cars are made out of fucking rocks?
And so if you put like four like adults into that car,
that car probably weighs like five tons
and you're pushing it with your feet.
That's the worst.
Yeah, I know.
You might as well walk at that point.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like, forget about the dinosaurs.
Can you talk about the fact that you're giving up
your entire life to a world where like,
they can't even treat disease.
Yeah, they can't.
It's like, yabba-dabba, I have chicken pox, I'm gonna die.
Goodbye.
That's it.
And now we all have chicken pox.
Later.
PS, we all have chicken pox.
What's never made explicitly clear is that on the show,
by the way, Christ hasn't come to earth yet,
so I'm going to go to hell.
Where are the scenes where Fred's sacrificing something
to their pagan god, Bale?
You know what I mean?
Yeah, right.
Right.
And what they don't show is that on the show,
Fred and Wilma and Barney, all of them are 12,
because the life expectancy is like 15.
Quick question before we-
This is not applicable.
Quick question.
Is the world of Bedrock,
does anybody know where I'm going with this already?
No.
Is it part of the extended universe
of the dinosaurs television show?
No, I cannot imagine that dinosaurs and humans
were coexisting in either, like in the dinosaurs fiction,
where they'd become sentient and flannel wearing.
I cannot imagine humans were also in the mix.
I'm going to throw something else into the mix.
You ready for this?
Yeah, sure.
This is canon, because this is from the theme song.
What if there was an episode, a deleted lost episode,
where Fred climbed out of the valley that they lived in
to discover it was like the year 1998?
Because here's the thing, you guys.
They're a modern Stone Age family.
A modern Stone Age family.
So they're living in this valley of lost time, right?
Oh, shit.
Now, that's how they have record players,
because they didn't have record players back then.
The only way that would work is if that was modern day,
they were just all living a fucking village lifestyle,
where they were all with dinosaurs and everything.
Think about it.
Are you saying that if you zoomed out of the Flintstones,
you would see the modern world surrounding it?
They've been in the bubble this whole time?
Yeah, they're like in the middle of like Utah,
like a Utahian desert.
Occasionally, people with modern technology
like hover within range of the bubble,
and they'd see it and try to replicate it out of stone.
And then they'd get like, what you don't see in every scene
of the Flintstones, like for the record player,
they use it and then they get furious,
because it doesn't work,
because it might as well be made out of Play-Doh,
because it's rocks, and they smash it on the ground furious.
Oh, what they don't show is it's like a Truman show
like thing, right?
Where they've been given this and it's like,
almost like when they make enclosures for like gorillas,
and they're like, we're gonna try to replicate
what their real lives would have been like.
But like, these people don't know
what ancient times would have been like.
So they're like, they would have like stone record players.
That'd be crazy, right?
No, it wouldn't work.
Bam Bam goes to the corner store to buy some rolling papers
and hands the cashier some clams,
and the cashier's like, thanks.
And then Bam Bam leaves, and the cashier's like,
wait, these are clams.
Why is this our currency?
Like, why have we attached any value to clams?
What the fuck?
We eat these.
But then he's dragged away.
He's dragged away by the producers.
And there's a finite amount of water in the bubble,
of course, obviously.
So they all know they have about five years.
Oh, fuck, Utopia 2, Flintstones, Utopia 2.
What if they could do Utopia,
but the people in Utopia don't know they're in Utopia?
Yeah, fuck.
Ugh.
Fox, we could have saved that shit.
So that's a definite no.
Would not leave life behind.
Four bedrock.
Sorry, Wilma.
Sorry, Fred.
Will say, though, if I get the opportunity
to pop into Pokemon Town, bye.
Bye, life.
See you, Earth.
Where did Griffin go?
I miss him.
He's my husband.
Where did he go?
He's been Poke-raptured.
Let's turn on WB at 9 a.m. on Saturday.
Wait a minute.
There he is.
Kicking it with Charizard.
Kicking it with Blastoise.
The happiest he's ever been.
What a cruel joke.
Bet you can't.
I can't.
I love you.
I love the two of you very dearly.
You're my brothers, and I love this podcast we do together.
I think we're helping a lot of people
and changing a lot of lives,
and it's brought a tremendous amount of joy in my life.
I would leave it forever to spend.
In a second.
I would do it.
I would jump into Pokemon World
if by jumping into Pokemon World,
my human, like, fleshy body could only survive for a month.
I would trade the rest of my life
and all that entails here on Earth
for one sweet month in Pallet Town.
Goodbye, you fucks.
You go skydiving.
You went Rocky Mountain climbing.
You went 2.7 seconds on a Hitmonchan.
Oh man, I would do it.
Because I could knock out that.
I could become the very best,
like, no one ever was in a month, I think.
And then I would, you know.
Fade away.
You're not gonna fade away.
You're gonna burn bright.
Climb the stage.
Yeah.
I'll never forget when the mysterious fleshy stranger
rolled into town.
He was only with us for a month, but.
He's three-dimensional.
His team was so well-balanced, though.
He was all squidgy and pinchable.
Fingernails.
And then he died, which was a whole new concept for us.
And we were like, how do we bury this?
What do we do with this now?
We're gonna have to form some sort of religion now,
just to deal with death.
No one's ever died before.
Is he gonna turn into a ghostly?
Alright, we're done.
Griffin's fallen asleep.
Revive.
Revive.
Revive.
Let me take this kid to the Pokemon Center.
I don't know what the fuck's going on.
I don't know.
We don't have human doctors.
What if in Pokemon World.
Oh boy, this is the episode now.
Medical care for Pokemon is free,
but humans pay out the notes.
Oh my God, it's crazy.
Yeah, Obamacare only extends to Pokemon.
Okay.
No, I think we got a good four and a half hours out of that.
Brothers, how do I shake an acquaintance
who wants to escalate things to the friendship level?
It's a girl at my gym who often asks me to hang out.
I'm a friendly gal, but I find her a little odd.
And I'm just not interested in being friends, IRL.
I've always made excuses and declined her invitations,
but she keeps asking.
Okay, I run into her a few times a week
and I'm running out of pretend stuff to do.
Is there any way to give her a more permanent brush off
with minimal awkwardness?
I can't.
I've got a thing in Portland.
Oh man, that's tricky, isn't it?
This is tough.
Okay, I will say that this situation
that this person's in has not happened to me
for like five years.
So somewhere locked inside the codex that is my existence
is the answer to this question.
And we just have to, we just have to clue sew it out.
Let me see if I can crack the code.
Is it because you just stay in your house
and play Destiny all day and you never have, yeah?
I mean, that's one of the things that helps.
I think that this is one of those frustrating things
about everybody wants to think that they'll get the hint.
And by saying like, oh, you know, I can't.
Oh, I gotta do this thing.
And you do that like 10 times, it's like, surely.
Surely they know that if I wanted to,
I would have made this thing.
Except that like people who ask you 10 times
and you keep making excuses aren't those people.
Aren't the people who get the hint.
And so one of two ways, you either need to say like,
listen, my schedule is just really busy
and I don't think that like I'm gonna have any free time
in it like I'm working on this new project or whatever
and I'm just gonna be booked up for like ever.
Or stop going to the gym.
Can I bounce this idea off you guys
and just see how it sticks?
Like the older I get, the more I come to realize
that one of the most important characteristics
of a good friend,
not the most important characteristic, right?
You have to like get along on that special level
and be genuinely interested in and care about each other.
That's the most important thing.
But the older I get, like the more important it becomes
a trait for like a friend of mine to have
is to just not be a complete fucking flake.
Is to actually like want to do stuff,
want to spend time with me, want to like,
and when we make plans like stick with them,
like a fair sort of trade off between who comes up
with the plans but like both of you getting excited
about it and doing it.
Like all of the friends that I have now are like that.
They're really, really good about that actually.
But I've definitely like shed some friends
that didn't do that because it's, I don't know,
it's like the, it's the worst.
So, I mean, this person wanting to spend time with you,
I don't know.
I think that seems like actually a pretty dope trait.
And if you're uncomfortable about it,
maybe you just need to get to know them better.
This could be your, we could have like a Kirsten Coe
and Julie Cooper situation on our hands
where you don't know that you're supposed
to be best friends forever.
But then four seasons later, there you are.
But if I can counterpoint that, Griffin,
like I would say that what's funny about this
is if you put it in a different context
and put it in like a dating context
and you went on like four or five dates with someone
and like you just weren't interested
in taking it to the next level,
or somebody was asking you out that you knew,
it's way easier to say like,
oh no, I don't wanna go out with this person
because I'm not interested in them.
But this has, this has,
this situation has none of the baggage associated
with what you just described.
It's literally a person that you have had,
you know, moderate exposure to saying,
hey, you seem like a cool person.
I'm gonna come up with plans for stuff if you wanna,
like, I don't know, I would go get a drink with this person.
But if you're not friend-tracted to them,
like why do it?
Why like give them that false sense of like,
oh yeah, now we're buddies.
Friend-tracted is not a fucking thing.
Like I have friends, like dear, dear friends
that I didn't like,
like the first few times that we hung out,
like I just didn't like get to know them.
And I have really good friends
that I sort of thought I was sort of
like characteristically opposed to
because they're so different from the people
I typically hang out with.
And then, you know, I hung out with them a few times
and not only did like we become very dear friends,
but I changed.
Like my perception of what people I dig on,
like the people that I like to associate with
completely changed because this person changed it.
Like I think the more you can sort of expose yourself
to people like that,
the better your life is gonna be.
Well, okay, so I'll say this.
I think that going out for like a drink with this person
benefits you in two ways.
One, maybe Griffin's right.
Maybe you do end up like, oh, you know what?
We'd only ever talked in like a gym setting
in this weird like public setting.
Yeah, it turns out that like I actually do like this
or it puts you in the position
that since you at least gave it a shot,
it's way easier, especially on your conscious
and conscience to then say like, okay,
you know, I'm really busy, I can't.
And you don't have to come up with elaborate things
because you already gave it a shot and it wasn't great.
You didn't like it, then like.
Yeah, why don't you just try it?
Just try it.
You're not, you're not.
Unless she's a serial killer.
You're probably gonna be fine.
Obviously, like if it's like a danger situation
and you know what you're doing,
but like, I don't know.
I can't imagine myself ever being in a position
where like I don't wanna make any more friends.
And I don't know, I don't wanna come off
like on my high horse saying,
you should be friends with everyone.
But I definitely think it's like,
I think everybody's, you know, worth a shot.
You should have a kid.
Once you have a kid, you will be shocked
at how quickly that mode switches to just like
the plane is going down
and you're throwing friends off like weighty cargo,
just trying to keep some semblance of a social life afloat.
You will be surprised how quickly that changes.
Well, okay.
Oh, there you go.
Trust me.
Give it a shot.
Give it a shot.
What could it hurt?
Y'all wanna know Yahoo?
Sure, sure.
I'll make it a quick one.
I'll make it a quick one so we can get to that money zone.
My favorite part of the show.
The money part of it.
Tasty, tasty money zone.
This one was sent in by,
oh, game recognize that goddamn game again,
Rachel Sperling.
Thank you.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Snuggly Duckling, who asks,
if you could recolor an animal,
what would you recolor and to what color?
Okay, hold on.
Okay, give me one more time.
If you could recolor an animal,
and what would you recolor and to what color?
Let me hit you guys just because I know you're percolating.
I've had some time to percolate already.
I would probably-
By the way, a quick bit of my brother and my brother made trivia.
Okay.
When one of us says, can you read it again just so I can try to,
that means we weren't listening.
Correct.
I was checking my Facebook messages.
Oh, terrific.
At least it was something important,
yeah, and not something completely menial.
That shit wouldn't wait.
And meaningless.
I would do alligators, I think,
because I've never seen an alligator and been like, perfect.
You know what I mean?
Every time I see an alligator,
it's like your shit looks kind of modeled
and I'm not super crazy about it.
And that goes for the stark white ones with the red eyes.
Fuck those guys.
What would you change it to?
What about bright cherry red, like a hot flaming red?
Okay, extinct.
They're extinct.
Just like that, they're extinct.
Why?
They've lost their natural camouflage
that they use in the swamps to hunt.
They're bright and obvious.
You just killed all the alligators.
Of what's killing alligators?
Hey, can I ask a question?
Other than hippos, which as we all know,
can swallow alligators whole,
what's killing alligators?
They die of starvation.
They're fucking starving, Griffin,
because everything's like, oh, hey,
there's a fucking bright red alligator over there.
I'm just going to move over here.
It's just going to have to work.
Oh, it's just going to have to work a little bit harder on it.
And honestly, guys, if we're being honest,
I think that reducing the population of alligators,
I think it's time that somebody took them down a peg.
Just to be clear, you want to thin the alligator herd
to a smaller, more refined crop of bright red super hunters.
That's what you want, like the Corvette of murderers.
You're out on the golf course in the Keys, right?
And you see an alligator and your day's fucking ruined, right?
My solution is to reduce the alligator population by about 90%.
So you're going to have way less of those encounters.
But when you do encounter an alligator, you're dead.
Oh, that's one of Griffin's bright red super killer alligators.
They're perfect hunters, and they will eat fucking anything.
Okay, and for those people, I'm sorry.
Yeah, I fucked you.
I fucked you real good.
I fucked you right in that gator's mouth is what I did.
But for the millions of lives that I helped
by reducing the number of alligator sightings
on the golf courses in the Keys,
those people paid a lot of money for tea time.
They are going to have themselves a really great day
drinking their shandy out on the holes.
And then maybe one of them gets eaten by a super gator.
But for those other people, a clean, very calm golfing session.
And that's my gift to the world.
You're welcome.
You know what mine would be?
What's that?
I would make all spiders really bright glow in the dark.
Okay, so sort of the same principle a little bit?
Yeah, because I fucking hate spiders,
and I'd really like to know if they were on me in the dark.
See, for me, ignorance is bliss vis-a-vis spiders.
I know they're everywhere.
I live in Texas.
There are fucking scorpions here,
and them and the spiders are just fighting
constantly a secret war in my yard.
I just, I would kind of not.
I feel like if that happened, Travis,
your room would be iridescent
because there's spiders like secretly everywhere.
Well, don't tell me that, Griffin,
because I need to sleep again or I'll die.
If you don't sleep, you will die.
Yeah, sure.
I'm just saying that it would also make it hard to sleep
if, you know, glowing spiders everywhere would.
But they wouldn't be everywhere
because I would spend three days,
three sleepless days murdering them.
Yeah, all of them in the world
or just sort of in your house?
If that's what it took.
Okay.
Justin, you got any ideas?
I'm not gonna sit here and play God.
Oh, okay.
You just think God got it in one.
Absolutely.
I mean, like, over time,
we've evolved a very fragile ecosystem.
I think man's done enough damage there
without me fucking making pandas green, you know?
Like, I think that it's just fine.
No, I think we can all agree.
I'm with Justin to a certain extent.
I think God got it right for a lot of animals.
Pandas wouldn't change a thing actually there.
I think that that's optimal cuddliness.
A capybara, perfect.
I'm super into, like, the flavor that they're bringing.
I'm just saying, like, let's have fun with it, Justin.
We're in the imagisphere now.
Okay, what about if you change the ball eagle?
Because it's already America's symbol.
Oh, I see.
It's a little boring.
What if you change it to, like, jet black
with, like, red neon eyes?
And maybe, like, some tracers, like, along the bottom.
Like, some neon tracers.
And a couple LEDs on its, like, around its...
Well, what about on its under...
A few woofers and tweeters.
And on its belly, a bright yellow patch of feathers
that looks like a dick.
And when he flies over, it's like, ah, got you.
And everybody salutes that dick.
He saw it.
That's America's dick.
Man, Justin, I thought for sure
you were gonna say red, white, and blue.
Nah.
That's like America's, like, whole color scheme.
Yeah, that's like...
No, instead it sounds like you made it German colors.
Red, yellow, and black.
If it's red, white, and blue, you get it in front of a flag,
and it's like, where did it go?
Yeah.
Well, that's its natural camouflage.
Yeah.
Its camouflage is hiding in front of American flags.
Yeah, and it eats NASCAR patrons.
It's a sacrifice we gotta make to freedom.
Listen, listen, Phil, I've told you once,
I told you a thousand times,
I'm not doing any more NASCAR races in Florida.
Places infested by a camouflage...
Super gators and dick eagles.
Super gators and dick eagles everywhere.
When was the last time you slept, Frank?
I can't, the spiders...
Yeah, there's glowing spiders everywhere.
Okay, well, you're gonna take a short sabbatical, Frank.
The super gators, the dick eagles, they're everywhere.
They would, of course, be natural enemies, right?
Super gator versus dick eagle, this Friday on the Sci-Fi channel.
This is actually a funny coincidence,
Justin Travis and I all went to Huntington High School,
the mascot of which was the super gator.
And our rivals in Cabo Midland,
bunch of dick eagles over there is what they were.
Bunch of dick eagles, that mascot was, of course.
Not a lot of people liked going to those games.
I got a text this morning from my dear friend, Tommy Red.
We met the day before first grade started outside of his dad's house.
And I got a text from Tommy this morning.
My dear oldest friend in the world, Tommy Red.
Well, not my oldest, because he...
Anyway, I got a text from Tommy Red today that said,
got back from Texas today to find my me undies arrived.
These things are no joke.
They have lived up to the hype and make my junk look amazing.
And he's a big man.
He's a big man.
He's 12 and a half feet tall.
And girth wise, he's got a giant penis.
He's huge.
Tommy Red says that me undies are no joke.
And I'm here to tell you that they are super, super great.
The best underwear you will ever wear are me undies.
That's all they do.
That's what they're dedicated to.
They want comfortable underwear that fit great.
Don't ride up on you and literally pull moisture away from your skin.
So you're cool all day long.
This morning I woke up, all my me undies were dirty.
I put on some, let's just call them off brand underwear.
The first thing I did as soon as I hoisted the waistband up around my navel,
I vomited onto the ground because I hated the sensations.
It was so displeasurable to me.
Yeah, sure.
Miserable, miserable.
You know, I'm gonna say this.
I think they would make excellent Valentine's Day presents.
Oh, for sure.
Oh my God, yeah.
Yeah, I guess it's tantamount to sort of like getting somebody lingerie
that you yourself is going to wear.
You get some me undies.
This is functional, practical lingerie, all day lingerie
for whatever genitals you're bringing to the table.
It's the lingerie that says, this is actually for you.
This isn't like for me to enjoy on you.
This is for you.
You're welcome.
Well, it's for both of you because you're gonna look better.
This is for you and your genitals.
You're gonna feel better.
You're gonna smell better.
I don't wanna get blue, but there's an odor problem.
If you were to buy underwear of this quality,
normally they would cost you twice as much
as they cost you at me undies,
but they're not gonna do that.
They've got no middleman, so that's more savings for you.
But get this, they're gonna get even cheaper, okay?
Go to meundies.com slash my brother
and you're gonna get 20% off your first order and free shipping.
And you can save even more when you buy a pack of them.
So there.
I recently went through my underwear drawer
and there was a great reckoning, mostly socks related,
because my sock game, guys, not on point.
I had socks that I've had since college and they're not...
That's a true mark of maturity when you look at a grimy,
whole plagued sock and you think, I don't have to wear this.
These were socks in name only.
They were more like craft materials at this point.
And there was a reckoning, there was a purge.
And now I have freed up more space to fill with beautiful,
functional, practical, dare I say sexy, me undies.
Say it.
They're sexy, sexy.
Sexy.
20% off, go to meundies.com slash my brother.
Listen, folks, Valentine's Day is next week
and that means one thing.
Or if you're listening to this in March,
Valentine's Day was three weeks ago and you missed it.
Yeah, or if you're listening to this in 2028.
Valentine's Day was a fixed point in time.
Okay, at some point coming up soon now as you record this,
and that means one thing, it's time to bulk up the fiction
of your secret Canadian girlfriend or boyfriend.
Okay.
Pete, you've been telling them about this man or woman
for quite some time.
All your coworkers don't believe they exist.
Well, now's the time to really support it with some evidence.
Have you listened to Serial?
Mm-hmm.
That's what this is about, right?
So listen, how are you gonna do that?
Well, you're gonna get 100 blooms of love
with a free glass vase for just $19.99.
You can help bulk up the fiction of your secret Canadian
boyfriend or girlfriend.
Oh, Mike Swear exists.
Mike Myers got me those.
We're dating.
Mike Myers got me those, we're dating.
Oh, Mike, yeah.
These are from Colby Smulders.
Did you even see Love Guru?
Because that man in that movie got me these flowers.
Dude, do you even guru?
Dude, do you guru at all?
That movie was great.
You can add gourmet chocolates and a stuffed bear
for just $9.99.
Do you realize what a deal, I mean, in all seriousness,
that's a deal.
Listen, the flowers definitely, the stuffed bear, great.
When you get home to that cold, lonely apartment
and the fiction dissolves around you
like so much cotton candy.
A fiction that even you bought into is so convincing.
A fiction that you yourself bought into.
Yeah, Mike Myers would love me.
You're gonna need those chocolates.
You're gonna say $9.99 well spent.
And then you'll realize that Mike Myers
doesn't love you or anyone.
As you watch Shrek 3 and jerk off into a hat.
You're Mike Myers hat that folds up the brim
and it's like a fold up pop out of Wayne's world.
How's our advertisement?
These are some weird bullet points.
Finally, we're reading what's written here.
This is just like word for word.
Jerk, let me see, let me see.
Imaginary Canadian boyfriend, yeah, jerk off into a hat.
Yeah, guys, we're good.
Do you want me to read it?
Guys, we're good, do you want to move on?
Yeah, we're so good.
Here's how you get it though.
Listen, you're gonna go to proflowers.com
and you're gonna use the code MYBROTHER.
There's a blue microphone when you go to proflowers.com.
There's a blue microphone in the top right corner.
You're gonna click on that and type in MYBROTHER.
We guarantee you're gonna feel like an all star
as you look at these flowers and jerk off into your Shrek hat.
They arrive fresh and they are guaranteed
the last seven days or more and they do.
They're amazing.
They do.
All joking aside, we actually have some in our house now
from Pro Flowers and it's like, I don't know.
It's the most beautiful flowers I've ever had
in a home that I owned.
I mean, even if you don't want to do it as a romantic gesture,
they are just sort of nice to have around.
I didn't think I was a plants guy,
but I am genuinely enjoying this flora.
Go to proflowers.com, click on the blue microphone
and type in MYBROTHER.
Have you guys heard about commingle.io?
Let's assume that I have not and you tell me about it
because that's what they paid for.
Let me tell you about it, Travis.
Holy shit.
Wait, I want to tell you about their flagship product,
the mod.
Okay.
The mod is...
Is it like a video game?
I feel so lucky.
I feel like I need to refund these people's money
and pay them more money.
They have given us the gift of these wonderful words
you're about to hear.
I'm just going to read this for bucking vadum.
Okay.
Did you say ver-bucking babe?
Ver-ver-ver-ver-ver.
Yeah, we got it.
Oh man.
Okay.
Ver-bate.
Okay.
Listen.
Can someone reset Justin?
The mod is a...
Let me get both Sivas in here.
He can handle this.
No, no.
I don't want to hear both Sivas.
The mod is a multi vibrating open source dildo platform.
It's powerful, pure body, safe silicone, gender neutral,
and you can control it with any kind of sensor you want.
For instance, squeezing, thrusting motions, music,
cameras, paddles, Geiger counters, head massagers,
breathing, and your pulse.
I would suggest an EMF ghost detector.
Right?
A great idea.
I'm actually going to stick with the inputs.
I'm going to stick with the Geiger counter
just because I just want to make sure everything's real safe up there.
Can you set it like an alarm to wake you up in the morning?
So that you can let your toy react to a sexy situation with you or your partner.
What about that talk boy that you bought when Home Alone 2 came out
and now it controls a dildo?
Can you set it that like it reacts to everybody loves Raymond in some way?
Yes.
Bop it.
Twist it.
Ram jam it.
Right up in it.
Now twist it.
Is the pizza here yet?
Oh, there's the doorbell.
It's here.
Whoa.
Hold on.
I got my dominoes.
I didn't hear anything.
No, it's probably here.
Got my dominoes pizza tracker synced up with my dildo.
Just waiting for it to go to quality check.
Thank you, Derek.
Thank you, Mike Myers.
When that garage door opens, so do I.
Yeah.
Oh man.
What a wonderful product, the mod.
What a fucking the best product ever.
At commingle.io.
So go visit commingle.io
and you can contribute to their Indiegogo campaign
and purchase your own mod dildo while supplies last.
Now it says mod dildo,
but that's a multi-vibrating open source dildo dildo.
And I don't think that's what the mod is the name of the dildo.
The mod.
Yeah.
Whenever anybody says the word mod from now on,
I'll just think it's a open source dildo platform.
I got a message for Corey and it's from Andrew.
Is it Corey or cause it's they phonetically spelled it Corey.
Corey.
Corey.
Okay.
I got a message for Corey from Andrew.
There's an exclamation point at the end.
Hi and hello.
It's me, Andrew.
It's been a delightful year getting to know you
and young Cooper over whiskey, tea,
sleepy music and cat puzzles.
Here's to another like real humans smooches.
I love you a whole bunch.
Happy anniversary from this lightning horse
and the three brothers to the sweetest cloud banger
he could ask for pear syrup.
Guys.
Guys, stop with the coded messages.
Just whatever happened to, to.
Predictability.
I know.
The milk man, the paper boy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I loved step by step.
Are cat puzzles when cats are wrapped around each other
and you have to figure out a way to get them untangled.
Yeah, I love doing those at Cracker Barrel
when you're waiting for your table to open up.
And if you're left with three cats,
you're an egg new Ray moose.
I think it's when a cat traps you.
I think egg new Ray Meowth.
I think it's when the cat traps you in a deadly game
and you have to like prove how,
how much you want to be alive by grievously injuring yourself.
Yeah.
Like Dr. Claw used to do to Inspector Gadget.
It has a fucked up show.
It was a fucked up show.
He was a giant cat, right?
Yeah.
Happy anniversary.
Yeah.
Happy anniversary.
I always thought that Dr. Claw was like just a bunch of cats
in a person suit.
Oh, we can talk about it off mic.
Hey everybody.
I'm Emily.
And I'm Lisa.
We co-host Baby Geniuses every other Monday on Maximum Fun.
We interview comedians, musicians, cartoonists,
circus clowns, and experts in the field of
vacations, the afterlife, cooler recipes,
self-improvement, fashion, candy, beach boys, girls, turtles,
plot twists, women, dating, fitness, presidents,
air removal, conflict resolution, Santa, meditation,
babies, modern dinosaurs, bullying, crop circles,
the Beatles, middle aged men, experts, teens,
life hacking, rhyming, baby talk, personal organization,
the named extra, Frazier, extreme eating, groceries,
being a best friend, movement, jam, art education,
America's Moneyless Home Videos, stockbroking, spooky stories,
genealogy, riddles, Pinterest, IT, magic, revenge, mothering,
dogs, ayahuasca, Hollywood legends, street racing,
fitting in, celebrity, sex, vehicle, personal training,
the ocean, Dennis the Menace, modern poetry, sugar gliders,
Jimmy Buffett, pranks, The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson,
Mountain Dew, theme park safety, dinner parties, butterflies,
raccoons, pasta shapes, and Bob Dylan.
Join us every other Monday.
Yay.
My girlfriend's cat is getting old.
That's really the next question.
So here it is.
My girlfriend's cat is getting old.
And recently she's decided to make my girlfriend's bed
her home.
This has greatly impacted our lovemaking.
Oh, great.
The cat does not enjoy being moved from her bed,
and she scratches at the door if we do.
This is distracting during the act and damaging the door.
Should we accept that we will have an audience going forward,
or is there another solution?
This is from Joey.
Joey.
Joey.
Nice.
Shut up, cat.
Nice.
Joey, you're doing great.
Joey, I'm just sitting over here really appreciating
what you're doing.
Cat, please stop.
Cat, would you please just be cool?
Hey, socks.
Would you mind keeping it down for like a minute?
No, I'm just saying that you're doing great.
You're doing great.
I don't know how humans do it, but you seem to be crushing it.
Good moves, Joey.
She seems to be enjoying it as well.
This is like an amazing rarity for our show.
I actually have-
Oh, I don't want to hear like your sex stories.
No, no, not a sex thing.
Another Justin sexcapade.
I have so many to tell about, but this is not one of those.
We had a problem where the cats would always want to get into our room while we're asleep,
but I don't like them rolling around in there because I'm a very light sleeper.
So here is the actual solution that we have been using for years,
and it actually works like a charm.
I bought a baby gate, and I lean it up against the door.
When we go to sleep, I put the baby gate in front of the door in our bedroom,
and they can't claw out the door.
It's amazing, and it's a brilliant solution to your problem.
Congratulations, it's been fixed.
If, assuming your cat weighs 65 pounds and can't negotiate a baby gate.
No, it doesn't work out.
Amelia doesn't do it either.
We're in the clear.
You put the baby gate up, the cat's not going to scratch the door.
You can sleep.
Don't sleep.
I mean, make love, and then when you get older, sleep no matter what you want to do in the bedroom.
Oh my God, make love, make love, make love.
You have to do it as much as you can right now, because pretty soon,
pretty soon, yeah, Cecil won't do that.
Cecil learned how to scream.
Motherfucker don't meow anymore, he just yells.
Hey, that's him outside the door.
Hey.
I want to watch your lovemaking.
Hey, wait, hey, hey.
I hate, I hate, I love him, but boy howdy.
But boo-boo nanny.
He makes a boo-boo nanny like all the time scratching at the door,
and I'm trying to make nanny boo-boo in the bedroom.
Don't get those twisted.
Oh my God, no.
I mean, sometimes you can make a boo-boo nanny while you're making a nanny boo-boo.
But do not make nanny boo-boo while you're making a boo-boo nanny.
No, holy shit.
How would you even do that?
I don't even know.
So are you slipping and falling and having an accident on the street?
Whoa, we're sexing.
Do you guys know Yahoo?
Sure, yeah.
This Yahoo was sent in by Level 5000 Yajushaman, Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Charissa Lozano, who asks,
is it weird that I'm attracted to Transformers?
Yes.
Okay, I recently watched Transformers 4, and I started to notice that I find Prime,
the enemy, I don't know what he's called, and especially Bumblebee attractive,
even though they are like machines and not ever real, but I just find them sexy.
I feel like it's weird, but I can't help it.
Bumblebee is hot to me.
Bumblebee is hot to me.
Listen, I like to be cool with a lot of stuff.
And this is no exception.
Thank you, Travis.
You're right.
This is no exception, correct, Travis.
You know, here's my question.
It's not objective sexuality if they can move around and talk and shit.
Is that what you're gonna ask?
Okay, that's what, well, okay.
It's not.
Are you attracted to them when they're in car form?
Because that's object sexuality.
If you're attracted to them in robot form, that's a whole other thing.
I don't know that.
I don't know that that's accurate, Justin, because-
No, because they're sentient.
Who is the car boy who, when he eats spicy food, he turns into a car?
Hot Rod.
Hot Rod.
Hot Rod.
If you fuck Hot Rod's Hot Rod while he's a hot rod,
is that objective sexuality, or are you having sex with the-
I think it's a man in the car.
It was not Hot Rod, it was Turbo Teen, Travis.
Turbo Teen, asshole.
I don't know.
You're the one who knows about the show.
I just answered first.
Then why did you answer wrongly for him?
Because I like to buzz in, Griffin.
I know you do.
That's why you have negative 86,000 Jeopardy dollars.
But I'll get that.
I've been keeping a running total for as long as we've been doing the show.
Turbo Teen, you fuck him in car form.
I think you just had man sex.
This whole question would be way less weird to me if, okay.
Imagine we lived in a world in which there really were transformers
and people were attracted to them,
and they were like a real life thing that you could walk out on the street and see.
Okay, but they're CGI in a movie.
That's weird.
That's weird to me.
Bumblebee can't even-
Bumblebee's the one that doesn't talk, right?
Yeah, Bumblebee has a radio.
Bumblebee just has a radio, right?
He doesn't talk.
So the one that you want to fuck the most is the one that is still a special magic robot
that can transform into a big robot or into a car,
but doesn't have the fucking personality of like a sentient thing.
It's just, you're fucking Spotify at that point.
You're fucking robo Spotify.
Fellow MaxFun podcast, The Flop House, just did Transformers Age of Extinction,
which is an excellent episode.
And in it, they make an excellent point, which is that there are robots,
there are transformers that like have weird chain beards and are like,
and it's like, wait, hold on.
You can choose whatever form you turn into.
Like this is- I don't think that's a hundred percent true though.
You don't think so?
Like that they can't like,
because they choose what vehicle they're going to turn into.
Right.
I don't know that they're,
I think it's just whatever vehicle is closest when they reach earth
and interact with the AllSpark, right?
Oh God.
Immediately after arriving in a new world, in its transition form,
a transformer begins trans scanning to choose and generate a new exostructure slash disguise,
appropriate to both its size slash body mass and its new locale.
That's fucked up though.
So a transition form of a transformer is really basically,
it's almost like a comet.
It's like a protoform stage transformer that is engineered for travel.
So once it lands on earth,
it finds a new exostructure slash disguise appropriate
to both its size slash body mass and its new locale.
I don't know why if you could choose to be,
like when you land on earth, if you could choose to be like a Pontiac or maybe an Eagle.
Or a fucking 1970 AMC Gremlin.
Like fuck, now I'm a Gremlin?
I'm a fucking Hugo?
Awesome.
I don't think you get hung up on like,
I think you have bigger fish to fry than gender roles.
Like I don't think you need to worry about it.
I'm sorry, Justin.
I hate to throw a wrench into the works, if you will,
but Bumblebee does change his car shape in the first movie
because he's an old beat up car and it's like, oh, there's a nicer car.
These are not canonical though.
There is a lot of evidence to suggest that they're quickly able to adopt new forms.
So how permanent a trans scan's alternate form becomes,
as well as how easily a transformer can scan and adopt a new one.
Like why is Barry still a fucking debate?
Why is Barry still a fucking dodge dart?
Okay, now I do have to say if you want to get into the novels,
like if you get a prequel novel like yesterday,
Bumblebee transforms like really fast.
But is anybody, is any human's fucking Bumblebee is the question.
We have gotten so wildly spun out into this whole universe.
On The Flop House, they also theorize, and I really enjoyed,
that when a human is driving one of the cars, the transformers in car form,
since they are self-propelled and do not need a person,
that they're basically, the steering wheel is like, they're clitoris.
And they get huge sexual pleasure out of it.
You know what guys, just go listen to that one.
It's way better than us.
I think I would want to fuck Vibrato.
Vibrato, the modular dildo bot.
Uh-huh.
Well, that's weird.
He doesn't do a lot as far as like fighting evil, but.
Yeah, the rest of us turn into cars, Vibrato,
and you turn into a modular top of the line, fully modern, fully Wi-Fi dildo.
Gender neutral.
You turn into a gender neutral, body safe silicone Wi-Fi dildo.
How did you, I didn't even know we could do that.
Yeah, I just believed in myself, I guess.
I came down and I landed next to a top of the line, modern space.
I guess I just had faith in myself and I knew I could do it.
I landed next to a modern space dildo while I was in my transition phase.
I trans scanned it and said, that looks pretty tight.
So yeah, now I turn into a dildo.
But like, you're way bigger than the dildo.
So like, when you transform, like a lot of your stuff shrinks down.
I had to cut off my arms.
I'm telling you, I don't understand the technology of it.
I just sort of compact down and I become this new space age super dildo.
And it's-
Autobot, roll out.
Wait, hold on.
Has anyone seen Vibrato?
He hasn't been around.
Like, has he transformed back in a while?
I love this modular dildo I just bought, but God damn,
I wish I could turn into a two story tall robot while I have it
plugged deep in my ass.
Oh God, here it comes.
I'm dead now, of course.
And here I do too.
I'm dead.
I'm dead now, of course.
But wow, that was the ultimate orgasm.
My body was torn asunder, but as it rained down, it was orgasming.
So listen, guys, I just want to make something real clear.
I'm not going to get into the whole war with the Decepticons and the whatever.
I'm not choosing Psy.
Autobots, roll out.
I can't really roll.
I guess if you put me on like a steep enough hill
and I'm in the proper modular phase, I will roll.
Yo, just turning back into a robot Vibrato.
I'm actually kind of cool as it is.
I'm kind of getting like ram jammed on the reg.
So like, I'm actually pretty cool with it.
But thank you, good luck being a fire truck and stuff
or whatever it is you guys do out there.
And there is a scene in the first movie
where Bumblebee pees onto John Turturro.
So that would indicate that they do have some kind of genitalia set up.
John Turturro robot water sports.
That's the best Google search string I think I've ever conceived.
That's somebody's fetish.
You see that and it turns you on.
You're like, oh no.
I can only finish when a two story robot urinates on John Turturro
and it's got to be different every time.
There is not going to be.
And then you get on the internet like, oh, thank goodness.
There's literally infinite web pages devoted to exactly this.
You go to his IRDB page.
Does a robot piss on John Turturro in Barton Fink?
No, God.
You might like Barton Fink.
You might like.
And then it just lists the 10 other John Turturro movies
in which he gets urinated by a two story robot.
What, Fading Gigolo?
Maybe.
Mr. Deeds.
He definitely urinated on Mr. Deeds,
but it's more of like a metaphysical urination.
I think in Adam Sandler's like movie making contract,
it's a law that a robot has to pee on someone.
And if a robot's going to pee on someone in your movie,
you might as well get the best.
Folks, this has been our podcast.
We went an hour and I was like,
we're not going to get a title for this episode.
And then John Turturro Robot Watersports popped up
and it was like, hey, everything's going to be all right.
I'm here.
I'm here now.
Thanks for listening to our show.
So we still, in case you missed this news,
we have expanded the venue for our upcoming live show
in Chicago on April 5th, right?
April 5th, yeah.
On April 5th, we are in the Athenium Theater.
There are some tickets still available for that.
We sold a ton.
Thank you, Chicago.
It's already going to be our biggest show ever.
So thank you so much.
I'm thinking about now and I'm going to barf.
Yeah.
So thank you.
If you want to get tickets to that,
it's bit.ly forward slash n-b-n-b-a-m Chicago.
And we have tickets to our Milwaukee show too.
That's selling out fast.
I think it's about 80% gone.
So if you've been waiting to get tickets,
make sure you get them real quick.
That's what is that, Trav?
What's the address?
I want to say that that's bit.ly forward slash n-b-n-b-a-m-m-i-l.
That's right.
Okay, cool.
We have live shows coming up.
We have two live shows this weekend.
One in L.A., one in San Francisco.
We're very, very excited to see all of our California buddies again.
Send in your questions, please, and send in your yahoos.
We're getting a lot because we're doing two shows back to back.
If I could take, can I take a minute, you guys?
Sure.
Do you mind if I have a minute here?
Because it's time for the the annual my bim bam.
Maybe, maybe check those yahoos before you send them in announcement.
The courtesy announcement in which I annually just ask people to keep those yahoos
civil a little bit.
That maybe if you have like a really great one about like incest,
maybe you go ahead and keep that one.
Go ahead and keep that one in the garbage where it belongs.
Maybe if you have one about like tricking somebody into eating period blood,
maybe you just put that one right back in the garbage
and then you burn that garbage forever.
It was a pretty, it was a pretty rowdy week in the inbox.
A lot of really upsetting stuff that I was exposed to and am now a different
and one would say worse person just sort of across the board.
Thank you all for sending in those yahoos.
I know it takes time to dig for them, but just like if while you're digging,
you hit an incest turd, don't touch it.
Leave it there or tell like a waste management professional about it.
I also want you to know I'm just gonna real quick.
I'm putting a moratorium for the time being on how do I deal with terrible co-worker questions
because we have done a ton of those and we get a ton of them a lot.
I understand that co-workers are terrible, but just know that if you submit those questions,
it's probably gonna be a while before one of them makes it on the show.
If you've listened to the show in like previous episodes
and you hear a question similar to the question you wanna ask
within like the last 40 episodes,
chances are it'll probably not make it on the show.
We love really unique and like specific questions to your situation.
So those kinds of things usually have a better shot.
We've been in this fucking game for like 12 years now.
So there's not a lot of ground we haven't uncovered.
And that's not us chastising, by the way.
I mean, it's no skin off our nose.
We just wanna get as many people to get questions on the show as humanly possible.
I wanna thank MeUndies for supporting our podcast.
Go to meundies.com slash my brother
and you're gonna get 20% off your first order.
And right now you get free shipping.
So that's a deal.
Oh, and one more thing about sending questions.
It's probably none of you, but sending questions to mbnbam at gmail.com
is like the worst way to get a hold of Jesse Thorn.
We get a lot of questions that are like,
hey, Jesse, we don't like, he doesn't check those.
He doesn't work for us.
And you should also send those to mbnbam at maximumfun.org.
What's maximumfun.org, you ask?
Well, that's a podcast family with a lot of great shows.
We talked about the Flophouse this week.
We've got our D&D family fantasy adventure epic with our dad,
The Adventure Zone medical history podcast called Sawbones
that I do with my wife, Sydney, who's a physician.
And then Travis does a show called Bunker Buddies with his buddy Andy,
and they talk about disaster scenarios and how you can survive them.
There's a lot of non-macro related programming there too,
like Jordan, Jesse, Go and Bullseye,
a great pop culture show you should be listening to.
John Hodgman with our friend-
John Hodgman.
John Hodgman.
It's kind of like right there.
And a lot of people wonder how do you get to the maximum,
how do you get to maximumfun.org?
Well, you just go to booboo nanny.com.
Did you fucking-
And that's gonna lead you to-
You are going-
You have a child that you have to support financially.
You have to stop spending all your goddamn money on
Jokey Joke web domains that redirect to maximum to Mabim Bam,
but don't stop doing it because I love it.
And it's my favorite thing about you.
Just, okay.
I just want to make sure that you do in fact love it.
You can also access that through fartpatrol.com
or mysmoothface.com.
Oh my God, you did booboo nanny.
Wait, I want to go.
Can I tell you something though?
Is it b-o-o-b-o-o-nanny.com?
And by registering booboo nanny, Justin, can I say something?
What?
That was not a booboo nanny.
Yeah, thanks.
That was a sound decision.
Once that phrase has fully seeded this earth,
I can't wait to hear like how it is translated into different languages.
That's going to be very exciting for me as its progenitor.
I think that that web domain is just going to sort of skyrocket.
You can also follow us on Twitter at mbnbam.
At the zone cast is our adventure zone.
Twitter at Travis McElroy, at Griffin McElroy, at Justin McElroy.
Subscribe to our videos on YouTube.
We put up along with like easily shareable,
just little two to five minute video clips.
We also put up some really, really great animated shorts by Tyler Crowley
that are just amazing.
And then you can also rate and review us on iTunes.
It helps bump us up the iTunes charts and kind of gets us
just a little bit more attention from people who only listen to the top 10.
You know who you are.
If you get a second, it would be huge if you could just this one last favor.
I know that we've been gone for a while,
but please go to podcastawards.com and vote for us in the comedy category,
Sawbones in the health category, Bunker Buddies in the education category,
and the adventure zone in the gaming category.
And then vote for, God, you could put in tons of other great shows.
Throwing Shade for GLBT, it should win.
Like, don't be silly.
Pop Rocket or Bullseye for culture and arts.
There's lots of places they could fit.
You could throw in Flophouse for entertainment.
Yeah, there's a really important one.
Movies and films.
The really important one is that you vote for us.
That's like the super important thing.
But please go do that.
Please do that, and thanks to John Roderick and the long-term use for our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed,
which I assume everybody owns because we've told you to do that like 150 times now.
And also, thank you to you for listening.
Thank you.
You guys are the best.
Final Yahoo.
That's going to do it for us.
Final Yahoo.
This one was sent in by Game Recognize Game.
Rachel Sperling, thank you, Rachel.
You fucking killed it with the hat trick.
It's another football term.
Thank you, Rachel.
It's by Yahoo Answers user i who asks,
What animal is Sonic the Hedgehog?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
Are you ready for some football?
Football!
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
I'm Jesse Thorne.
I'm Jordan Morris.
The federal government has millions of dollars in programs and opportunities
that you need to seize today.
You're a taxpayer, right?
Well, then you've got it coming.
Thanks to Uncle Sam, you can get grant programs for veterans.
Postage stamps that'll ensure your mail gets there in a timely fashion.
Fruit for you and your family.
Child care for your children that turns them into super soldiers.
Get a million dollars to open your own lake.
Useful power tools that are easy on your soft, delicate hands.
Your own personal radioactive brick.
More sexual attention from everyone at the used bookstore.
Greyhound tickets.
Soft, gentle kisses from TV's John Goodman.
A real narwhal.
Athletic socks filled with stew.
A valuable pamphlet on millet.
Your father's approval.
Don't wait right now.
For all of this and more, drop us a line.
Jordan Jesse Goh, 123 iTunes Street or wherever you download podcasts.
