The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody. Top of the podcast to you.
A top of the morning to you.
Oh, Christ.
But that's the last time.
You said it.
Oh, lady, lady, lady.
I didn't know.
A touch of the Blarney Stone.
Okay, that's all that you know Irish-wise.
Me lucky charms.
Okay, that's-
Hello, lady, lady, lady.
Okay, well, you said you might try that, but I didn't think you would sort of-
I'm doing the rest of the podcast in this-
Oh, no, you're not. That I won't be.
Is it offensive, what he's doing?
I can't- I don't know, because, like, we have some of that heritage.
So, like, I don't know if it's like- it's like how people- if you're in a wheelchair and-
It's not offensive, me boyo.
It's like if you're in a wheelchair and you pass someone else in a wheelchair,
you're allowed to push them over.
Like, I think this is sort of in that similar vein.
So are you- are you saying you'd like me to stop?
No, I'm saying you sound like a handicapped person.
So, what- this weekend, this St. Paddy's weekend, what are you guys getting rump-a-dumped on?
Meth?
That's not really like a traditional Irish-
Yeah.
I'm gonna drop it into Guinness.
Oh, I see. What do you call that concoction?
Irish Car Death.
That's not a good name.
No?
That's not a good name.
How about the sore- the sore tooth?
Doesn't that drink sound like it would be called the sore tooth in circles?
A sore- a sore tooth?
Uh-huh.
Now, what would be the l- what would be the derivation of this name?
Uh, when you do meth, it makes your teeth hurt.
Oh, okay.
And so, when you drop it into Guinness, it's a sore tooth, because that's sort of a fun-
sort of a fun, edgy bath name.
Sort of a fun take on meth, right?
It's basically the most fun way to take meth.
The most, like, footloose and fancy-free form of meth consumption.
On a completely different note, not in any way advocating the use of meth,
did you guys see- I think it was American Eagle or Urban Outfitter,
like, got- is- is being, like, sued by Irish Defamation Leagues or something?
What?
Why?
Well, they- they had a t-shirt that said, like,
kiss me, I'm Irish, you're drunk, or whatever.
And-
Kiss me, I'm Irish, you're drunk, or whatever?
Yeah.
And- and they were told that that was offensive to-
Yeah, maybe a little bit.
To Irish heritage, and so, like, they had to take it off their websites and stuff.
Well, and also, it's offensive to drunk people, because-
And also, it's stupid.
I've never been so drunk that I forgot my fucking nationality.
It should say, help me, I'm drunk, or Irish, or whatever,
I just don't know, and I'm really scared.
I've been looking for my apartment for, like, two- two hours now.
It's very cold outside.
That's how homeless people get their start, usually.
This is an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
Uh, let's- let's not waste any more time with these- with these, uh,
blind alleys of racial danger.
Let's, uh, let's get right into the advice.
I work at a grocery store where we're required to stay clean-shaven at all times.
Over vacation, I grew a beard that every- everyone thought really worked for me,
including myself, only to have to shave it off.
I'm not a big fan of this job, and I was considering getting other work.
I'm a student, can- can be unemployed for a while.
Is this a valid reason to quit?
Should I risk unemployment to get a job I can have a beard at?
Yes.
This is Travis.
Wait, what?
No, Travis.
No?
No.
I'm just saying that if he was already, like, thinking about leaving this job,
if he's not happy with this job,
I feel like it would be a real power move to walk into the boss's office and say, like,
listen, Bill, I'm going to be honest with you.
I'm quitting because I want to have a beard.
Listen, there's- there is one thing in this world.
I don't know much about women, but I do know that the two things that they love
are newly grown beards and unemployment.
These are two things- these are two traits.
When you get the- the scraggle, you know what I'm talking about?
The scraggle where you're just growing it?
Ladies love that.
Oh, yeah.
Especially- especially-
Scratchy and abrasive on their face.
Waste scragged.
When it's attached to a man who doesn't have a steady form of income coming in,
ladies can't get enough.
A look that says I have this beard because I can't afford to shave it.
In all seriousness, in- in the modern age, in this day and age,
there's no reason to quit a job without having another job lined up.
But there's so many jobs- there's so many jobs out there.
I think you can just pretty safely quit and then just know that you're gonna get caught
by- by some sort of safety net.
Yes, because in this economy, jobs are everywhere.
Yeah, they're like littering the streets like-
And people are like, hey, Obama, how about we destroy some of these jobs?
To- just to reduce job inflation, right?
All these spare jobs are sitting around making me feel guilty.
I have to get two or three jobs just to make myself feel good in the morning.
What jobs- what jobs do you have currently, Trev?
Well, as you know, I work for the theater.
I also am a carriage driver in the park.
Oh, really?
Uh-huh.
And I kill bats.
Wait a minute.
I never knew killing bats was professional for you.
Well, you have to turn in the pelts.
For EXP.
Yeah, monster.
And then you can turn them into like cloaks and belts and stuff.
If- if your skill is high enough.
I am moonlighting as Stanley Tucci's wax man.
I don't know that I possess that skill, nor that I have that connection with the Tucci,
as I call him.
Justin?
I put dolphins back in their place.
Oh, man.
Now wait, do you mean like dolphins who like get trapped in sewers because they jumped weird?
Or do you mean like-
You mean the uppity dolphins?
Yeah.
No, I mean dolphins.
It starts to think that they're people.
God damn it.
You take that hat off.
Take that hat off and give me back my fish.
That was in my sandwich and it was unacceptable.
Your hijinks have no sway here.
I get back in the ocean, sir.
And then I- that's pretty much it.
And then I get all sheepish.
And that's a job?
That's a job.
Who pays you to do this?
Sharks.
Sharks.
Sharks.
Sharks pay me in apples.
The maritime economy is so strange.
They don't know what we use.
All these ocean apples.
You humans like apples, right?
Hey, you like apples?
Like, dolphins don't like fish.
It's just what we throw at them because they're dumb.
Like, sharks- sharks pay me in apples.
They think that that's the kind of currency.
I don't know why.
Fucking sharks, man.
No, don't, like, have another- get another job.
This should be a good role for everybody.
Get another job before you quit the last job.
So, before beard.
Or go in and be like, grow your beard out secretly.
Wear a burqa or something.
Grow your beard out secretly and go in and be like,
this is what you are missing.
Also, you need-
Look at this look.
You need to take a long look in that deep, dark, truthful mirror
and really think about if this beard
that you grew over a vacation
is really as critically acclaimed as you said it is.
Really think about that.
Really think about the inflection people had.
On last day was a six-month vacation.
Yeah, did they say- did they say,
oh, um-
A beard.
That looks great.
I kept to-
Keep it up.
I kept a scrowdy, rowdy, scraggle-daggle on my face
for a couple of years
before I realized that,
hey, this doesn't actually look very good.
And I had tricked myself into thinking it was all the rage.
I know.
I still feel guilty about that.
Griffin walked around looking like a Bob Denver impersonator
and I said nothing to him.
You know, from Gilligan's Island.
Also, uh, Dobie Gillis.
Dobie Gillis.
Take care of your face.
It's the only gift you have.
That's all you've got going for you.
All you've got going for is your face.
Don't cover it up.
Don't fuck up your moneymaker.
That's where-
No, your moneymaker's your fucking job.
Don't fuck that up either.
Your moneymaker's your bagging hands.
You gotta keep those safe.
Don't worry about your face.
I just also want to throw out
what kind of fucking grocery store doesn't let people have beard?
Like, I don't understand-
I- If you find out, let me know and I will attend.
It will be my sole source of grocery.
You don't want to buy my Aunt Jemima
from someone that's not clean shorn.
In this bag, I'm gonna put your eggs
and I'm gonna put your juice
and I'm gonna put a few of these little chin hairs.
Just gonna sprinkle them in there like so much oregano.
Maybe he works in the deli or something.
Or we'll get that.
That made me sense, right?
Don't they make beard nets for just such an occasion?
Yeah, but you can't be, like, walking around with a beard net.
It's weird.
Mm-hmm.
You can't be seen with a beard net.
This is a jockstrap, basically.
A jockstrap for your chin.
Yeah.
It's also, like, saying to the world, like,
I've got this beard, but I cannot keep a handle on it.
His beard is out of control.
It's like boarding school for beards.
Like, you can't-
You can't- It's saying, like, I don't know what to do with it.
It's got its own mind.
Mind of its own, I'd say.
Griffin.
You want a Yahoo answer?
Yeah.
This is great.
This one was sent in by Lisa Holifield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Holly, who posted in the Yahoo Answers rodents category.
And asks, how to take care of a duck.
I'm thinking of getting a pet duck, but I don't know much about them.
Clearly.
Some phylum genus action would be good.
Just to-
Maybe just, like, a dictionary.
Just look up the word duck.
Have you seen the duck yet?
Respondent Yahoo Answers user CP4 says,
well, the first thing you should know is that it is not a rodent.
Oh, Yahoo Answers, taking care of our light work since 2010.
Yahoo Answers, taking care of our light work since 2003.
Yahoo Answers user Matt says,
here's a list I've constructed for your consideration.
One, let the duck go.
Two, watch the duck fly away.
Three, go buy a rodent.
Four, go about with your normal life.
Source?
I am a duckologist.
Well, the first thing you're gonna want to do, so many people neglect.
Webbing cream.
They get a lot of irritation there.
Are you-
Now, is this a cream that you make out of duck foot webbing?
Or is this-
That would be cruel.
No, this is a balm.
It's a poultice that you rub onto the webbing of a duck.
So from its day of like stepping on pine cones and other irritants,
it will soothe the webbing and make sure that it stays, you know, uninfected.
Now, step two, and this is a tricky one and it's gonna take some time,
but you have to train the duck to say, put it on my bill.
It's the only good reason to have a duck.
Oh man, what a duck.
What a great duck.
Griffin, do you have any duck raising tips?
Um, make it a, um, fucking, uh, make it a shirt.
Make it, I guess, duck clothes.
Dress it up like Scrooge McDuck, obviously.
That's good.
Yeah, I wish I said that.
Little spats on its webbed feet.
Um, I can't imagine having a bird.
I was at a, uh, a hamburger stand the other day eating a hamburger.
Was this a food truck?
No, no, it was a, it was an establishment.
They just didn't have an indoor dining area.
They had some shit out back where you could just chill on some picnic tables
and enjoy your frozen custard.
And I was there and I was, I was just surrounded by pigeons
and finches and, and sparrows in all manner of, of tiny woodland birds.
And, uh, I just had a constant panic attack the entire time I was there.
Couldn't enjoy my meal because I was surrounded by tiny birds.
And I have friends here in Texas who have like chickens.
You have pet chickens.
Can't.
Unacceptable.
Can't fathom.
Okay.
Cause here's the thing.
I agree with you, Griffin, a hundred percent.
And I know of people that have like cockatiels and
parrots and that kind of thing.
And it's like, okay, they're, you know, they're beautiful birds
and they fly around, but a duck or like a chicken,
they're just like a big stupid walking around on the ground bird.
Yeah.
Like don't get it.
Think about bird for a second.
Like if you have a pet bird, pet bird, like if you have a dog,
it can come and snuggle up on you.
Cat can pat its little, little feet on you and, and, and ignore you most of the time.
Yeah.
A bird has two methods of interaction with the outside world.
Talons and a poker.
That's it.
All it can do is-
Talons and a poker and yelling.
Just come up and yelling.
Shitting everywhere.
Like those are the interactions a bird can have with the outside world.
Why would you want that in your home?
Why would you want anything?
I'm going to offend so many people right now.
Sorry, bird.
A dog and a cat.
Why would you want anything other than a dog and a cat?
You can teach a dog to go outside.
You can teach a cat to poop in a box.
Okay.
But what about hilariously comically large rabbits?
Okay.
That's fine.
And like, and you call them like Floppenstein or something?
How about sugar gliders?
Oh, that's what, cause that's been the problem with mice this whole time.
Their inability to fly.
Thank God for sugar.
Thank you County Ferris all over this great land for putting a race of flying mice throughout
the-
Forgiven it.
And also just FYI, sugar glider pelts aren't worth as much as bat.
You only make that mistake once.
Travis has a chart.
If you do, ladies and gentlemen, this is a plea from me to you.
If you do buy a duck and take it home to raise your own,
or don't let him drop out of school.
There's, there's going to be a real temptation because he won't understand any of it and
he can't write.
But a duck without an education, there's nothing sadder in my opinion.
And if you, if the duck that you have adopted becomes, let's say racially insensitive towards
Japanese people, then you really, really need to take a good hard look at it because there's
a good chance that you just adopted Gilbert Gottfried.
He is similar to ducks, not only in fashion, but in manner, which is why he was such a
perfect choice for the Aflac.
This bit is fucking stupid.
Bad news for you, I'm editing today.
So I'm going to frame it.
I'm going to frame it with special sound effects and guitar riffs.
And here it is, Griffin's bit about Gilbert Gottfried.
There's a goof in there somewhere about how Gilbert Gottfried is duck-like.
But I think the Aflac connection sort of sullies.
The problem, your problem is, was looking for the goof.
Like you should just say, I, I, earlier I had something about sharks paying me with
apples.
Just say the first goddamn thing that comes to your head.
Let the goof find you.
Then 90% of the audience would hear it and be like, oh, he's making a dumb Aflac goof.
But the other 10% would understand how avant-garde that was.
How edgy your Gilbert Gottfried goof was.
If you guys could adopt one celebrity, who would it be?
Obviously not Gilbert Gottfried.
He's going to keep you rolling, right?
With, with all the, with all like the zingers.
But I don't think that the rest of it would make up for it.
Ian McShane.
Okay.
What would Ian McShane be like, Travis?
Mostly he'd just shuffle around the house in a bathrobe cursing.
Sounds pretty good.
Yeah, right?
Wouldn't that be awesome?
And just have friends over and be like, oh, don't mind my Ian McShane.
Don't let him, don't let him climb on your lap.
Ian, down, down, down.
Ian.
I'm going to go, I'm going to go with Giamatti.
Oh, he would, I imagine him like hiding up in the corner of the ceiling.
Just spot him with a flashlight to get him down.
Don't look at him.
It's a challenge.
Giamatti.
Do you know what the problem with having a pet Giamatti is?
He's a Pokemon.
Giamatti.
Giamatti, go.
You're so skittish.
Go.
Oh, God.
Giamatti is the human equivalent of a comically large rabbit, I feel like.
Oh, crap.
Justin.
What?
You got a celeb?
I'm not going to adopt a celebrity to make any goddamn sense.
They're people.
They live in houses.
They are human beings.
I don't understand.
I don't understand the question.
Hey, I'm a guy and also a monster.
Oh, whoa.
And also a monster.
And also a monster.
I started sleeping with a close friend of mine, a girl, who also plays bass in my band,
bass in my band.
We were, quote, friends with benefits, end quote, for about six months, but it never
really developed into an exclusive relationship.
She feels heartbroken because I recently slept with another girl, and this may have
ruined a wonderful friendship as well as our band.
Is there any way to salvage our friendship?
Probably unforgivable.
So I guess the band maybe is not finding the success that he had hoped for.
That's maybe not top priority at this point.
Right.
Hey, dude, you done goofed.
Yeah, oh, man.
The number of ways in which you've goofed.
You goofed, but if you can keep the band together, wow, you're going to write some
good stuff.
Look at Fleetwood Mac.
Oh, yeah.
Like, they fought and fought and fought and fought and they didn't stay in love, but
they stayed in love with the music.
And the pain, you can just feel it in Tusk.
Nothing powers good rock and roll like sexual contempt.
Right.
Holland Oates, so bitter, so broken hearted.
I can't believe you did this to me, Oates.
Dave Matthews Band, there's so many members, you know, some people.
Let's just say Oates has that mustache to cover a really, really embarrassing scar,
and let's leave it at that.
I think this is the problem with the friends with benefits deal.
Yeah, because it's a fantasy.
Yeah, it really is.
It's a game.
It doesn't work because you're sitting there and you're like, oh, this is so nice, and
there's no strings attached, and I can do whatever, and then you sleep with someone
else and you somehow piss them off.
In that explanation, you actually reference two movie titles about having sex with your
bud, Bud Love.
You've got a friends with benefits deal.
And you've got a friends with benefits deal with Crocodile Dundee.
The thing about friends with benefits is that it seems like a smashing idea if you're a
single person, but what's friends with benefits is more is a constant beautiful reminder of
the power of biology over us.
Like, we think to ourselves, hey, I think that I'll do this friends with benefits thing,
and biology is like, oh, yeah, good one.
No one's ever thought of that before.
I won't force you to have emotions about this, but of course you do.
Of course you do.
The human heart is not as much older and wiser than our rapidly crumbling morales.
Yes, and unfortunately, there are certain chemicals and things released in your brain
during intimate moments that make you feel emotionally connected to the person.
Yeah, like horny dioxide and things like that.
They get in there and they trigger the love center.
Boner juice.
Boner juice is just another one.
Less scientific, of course, but no less real and actual.
Street slang.
Street slang that Griffin uses for brain chemicals.
This is the thing, though, like you played the game of bones and you lost.
This is what happens.
You try to come out on top, and no one ever does.
Except for Dinklage.
What?
Except Dinklage.
Except Pete Dink.
Pete Dink, number one.
I think the problem is the friends with benefits move, that play,
that play is like cheating because you're saying like,
I want to have the sex, but I don't want to put the time in the relationship.
So basically, I think what you're really saying is,
I want to do this thing and eventually fuck it up.
Right.
Yeah, there's no good ending to that.
The arc, if you look at the arc, it just doesn't pan out.
The only good arc to keep, and maybe this is my Protestant upbringing
rearing its head, is just to keep unrealized sexual tension forever.
Yeah.
Until you're so old that you don't feel that anymore.
In that way sexier?
Isn't that sexier?
Sort of puritanical, button down, keep it under your apron type approach.
Yeah, you hide it right under your bonnet.
Guys, how about another Yahoo?
Please.
Do it.
Do it. This one was sent in by Jacob Locker.
Thank you, Jacob.
It's by Yahoo Answers user cdmaxteambringit, who asks,
how pathetic are the rock haters?
Rock haters are usually mostly Cena marks,
but Cena fans have no idea how good the rock was,
how good the rock can still be.
Everybody knows the rock is holding back,
and to whoever thinks it's funny that the rock made the Tooth Fairy movie,
you're dumb, because he made more money off that movie
than you will ever make in your entire life.
Cena hasn't been owning the rock.
John Cena is nowhere near the rock's level,
and the only reason that it looks like he is
is because the rock is holding back to make Cena look good.
Cena's jokes aren't funny, and Cena is terrible in general.
Another argument rock haters have is he sold out.
No, he didn't sell out.
The only thing the rock sold out,
the only thing the rock sold out was arenas,
and he is still selling out arenas.
So what if he left WWE in 2004?
It's his life.
Why should we tell him how to live it?
Bonus question.
Agree, disagree.
John Cena isn't funny.
Bonus question.
I don't, there wasn't really a question in there anywhere.
How pathetic are the rock haters is the question.
Apparently very pathetic.
Like, what does he want, what does he want?
What does he want me to say?
Okay, the rock is cool.
He made more money than me.
Like, he's very rich.
He's very rich, and he's very, I guess he's bald now.
It's a two-part question.
Okay.
Part one.
Pathetic are the rock haters, and how, what are your,
what are just your general feelings on John Cena?
Okay, John Cena.
Pay me a picture.
John Cena has muscles.
Let's get that out of the way.
And he was the Marine, I think?
He was in the Marine.
And he, when he gets angry, or he's about to get beat,
he rips off his yellow tank top,
and the song I'm a Real American plays,
and he goes, oh yeah, brother.
He says he's a Cena maniac.
I'm a Cena maniac, brother.
I've got Cena-phobia.
I've got Cena-phobia, bro.
Well, that's probably accurate.
The only thing I know about John Cena is that his,
quote, wrestling costume is a t-shirt and jean shorts.
Like, he just could not be bothered.
That is actually the official wrestling costume
of both the Stonewall Club and the New Polo Club in Huntington.
So if you're ever around, and you're gonna do some wrestling there,
make sure you get your cut-off jean shorts early,
because most of the common sizes go quick.
John Cena's original wrestling name was actually Jortsman.
Or, if you will, Jortsman.
He wore a mask.
I'm the Jortsman, and I'm here to stuff it.
Stuff what?
Wrestling touchdowns?
His legs, his legs in the jort holes.
Check out these socks.
You like how long the socks are?
Stuff it!
My jorts are comfortable and easy to wear.
I'm web savvy.
It's a meme.
Oh, man.
Fuck, The Rock is awesome.
Has anyone seen Fast Five in this podcast?
Other than me?
No.
No.
There's a scene where The Rock and Vin Diesel just wail on each other.
They just go crazy.
Like romantically?
There's strong romantic undertones,
but it's mostly them just throwing each other through walls.
And you know what?
I watched that.
I watched that movie ironically,
but I came out with the very unironic position
that The Rock is actually pretty fucking awesome.
I mean, have you seen-
Is it Walking Tall?
Uh, I've seen both Walking Tall and The Rundown.
The Rundown, now The Rundown rules.
Yeah.
The Rundown is a movie where the ending is actually telegraphed
in the first 30 seconds of the film,
because The Rock can't touch guns because bad things happen.
And if you don't know how the movie ends now,
then you should turn in your cinephile badge
that I made you last week.
Your cinephile badge?
Your cinephile badge?
Your cinephile badge.
I don't go to the cinema.
I go to the cinema.
I only see movies starring John Cena.
Guys, I worked in a movie theater when The Marine came out,
and the number of cups, like Dixie cups,
full of skull leavings would turn your stomach.
Quick quiz, hotshot.
Is the Cineplex a move that John Cena does,
or a place where you see a lot of John Cena movies?
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's wordplay.
It's a double entendre.
I often forget that the rock wrestler with hair
is the same person as the bald rock that is in movies.
The Balrog?
The Balrog of a man that is in movies.
My brain just doesn't connect them
as the same entity sometimes.
That's because he's Dwayne Johnson now.
Right.
Dwayne Johnson, which I can understand, of course,
why he changed that name.
It's not particularly memorable,
unless you put the rock in the middle of it.
His original wrestler name was actually the Dwayne.
It was the Dwayne versus Georgeman.
I would have started watching wrestling
to become a fan of the Dwayne.
I'm gonna stomp you, Georgeman.
I'm the Dwayne.
Make it Dwayne.
I'm gonna make it Dwayne.
Bring the Dwayne.
I think he should have just gone for the agro crag.
That's what I would have called myself.
The radical rock.
Come break a piece off this radical rock.
Oh, the rock.
Do people really get this up in arms about their wrestlers?
Is this the way things are going?
It's crazy.
It's crazy on the streets, right?
I watched Wrestlemania for the first time last year,
and there were people in the audience
who, when their guy lost,
they would just commit seppuku right there,
holding up signs.
John 3.14, whatever, seppuku.
I'm not kidding you.
It was a fervor that I haven't seen.
I mean, the Beatles have nothing on some of these guys.
The only thing that I ever took away from wrestling,
and I know this is just too bad
because we talked about Pokemon a little bit earlier,
but to me, getting upset about it
is like getting upset about Pikachu losing a fight
because you know what's going to happen
is he's going to get angry
and he's going to get his electricity back
and then he's going to come back strong.
Like Hulk Hogan and Pikachu
are basically the same story arc.
Hulk Hogan gets pinned.
He's beat.
He's down for the count.
Then they lift his hand up
and he keeps it up the third time.
They drop his hand and he keeps it up
because he's got America power.
And he comes back and he just-
He does renaissance commercials.
Exactly, Travis.
Exactly what I meant.
Pikachu, exact same.
Gets kicked around.
He gets those little pound signs on his face
that mean he's been beaten up.
And then-
He gets one big sad anime tear
that appears over his head.
And Ash is like,
Pikachu, I don't care if you win or not.
I still love you.
Yeah, I still love you
because we're friends forever.
And then he falls into an earth's wild electric socket.
And then Pikachu just murders everyone.
Then just comes back and murders everyone.
It's the exact same story.
They're both yellow.
They both have ears.
Pikachu's original wrestler name was Thunder Boy
with an I.
Oh yeah?
It was actually Thunder Boy Tellum.
But he shortened it.
He shortened it.
Because it's a fit on t-shirts that he was selling.
Hey, we can't sell t-shirts
with Thunder Boy written on them.
Because it's copyrighted.
Because it's copyrighted.
So we have to rely on the money zone.
Guys, let's pull this shit into the dock of money.
Oh, money dock.
We have been waiting on this culmination of this campaign.
Okay, five weeks ago, I want to take you back.
Five weeks ago, we got an email
that we were going to be promoting a product called
Stack Soap and the crazy person in charge of this product,
which is an infinite cycle of soap.
It's a soap bar with a divot in it.
So once you've used the first bar up,
you can slide the remaining sliver in
and it makes a whole new bar.
And that cycle continues in perpetuity.
When we were told by our Maximum Fun overlords
that we were going to be promoting this product,
and they wanted to raise $9,000,
there was a part of me, I got to admit, that thought,
hey, that's great.
Thanks for the money, stupid.
Thanks for the money, dumbo.
Sorry, we're really going to give it the old college try.
But sorry, there's no chance that this is going to pan out for you.
And in just five short weeks, they've managed to make more
goddamn money than we ever made off this show in the entire year.
They managed to make more goddamn money than we ever made off this show in the entire time we've been doing it.
So good on them.
Good on you, Stack Soap.
You've grown too powerful and we have to destroy you.
$17,000 goddamn dollars.
It's got to have reached a point.
I don't want to stop you from going and giving more money
because Eric's doing a great job
and this soap thing is a brilliant idea
and the Stack Soap is going to be huge.
But I'm just saying, yeah, the $9,000 goes to the dye
and then he could get some new fragrances and colors and stuff.
Yeah, he's going to sample a lot of fragrances,
which is code for do a bunch of coke.
That extra $8,000 is going straight up his nose.
Which, great, you know, maybe that's the kind of juice that he needs
to come up with brilliant ideas like fucking Forever Soap.
Yeah, Forever Soap.
Well, we should come up with that instead of wasting, what is it now, 94 hours?
Just palling around, talking about Pokemon.
We could have been making soap.
We could have made some crazy soap thing.
He didn't even make fucking soap.
He made a video about how he wants to make soap.
He made hypothetical soap.
He made fantasy soap and we gave him $17,000.
He said, I have soap ideas.
I have a soap concept.
I want to whiteboard this with you.
Please give me so much money.
And meanwhile, we're talking about wrestling and Pokemon,
not spending a single moment thinking of new soap-ovations.
And this guy's getting rich off of it, but God bless him.
God bless you.
You guys are pretty fantastic people.
And you have made Eric turn him into a mini mogul, I think.
And he is going to use the pledges to start this line of soap.
And it is not, well, depending on when you get this, it is not too late.
You can still rush in for a last minute pledge.
If you pledge $10 or more, you can get six bars of soaps shipped straight to you.
Or you can get 12 bars for $25 and you'll be on the ground floor of something.
Even if you listen to this episode in three weeks, four weeks,
and you're behind and you've missed the deadline to donate,
still check out Tax Soap because I think it's going to be huge.
And I think people are really going to love it.
And so go ahead and check it out and find out about it
because you're going to want to know about it in the future, I think.
Yeah, it's just taxsoap.com.
And as requested, as promised, I should say,
we have got a jingle that is over a month in the making.
Don't fucking talk about that.
And it's been something Griffin's been sort of working on in his spare time
in his off hours in the basement.
Five weeks, about 35 minutes of work on it.
Yeah, just hours of tinkering.
He just wants, sometimes he'll say like, can I hear it?
And he'll be like, he's not ready.
It sounds tinny.
Bring up the speaker on the base.
It's got hand claps.
It's got bass.
It's got kazoo noises.
It's got layering.
It's going to be amazing.
So here it is.
Put your soap in my soap and we'll both get clean together.
Put your soap in my soap.
It's got a divot for your pleasure.
You've got to use Stack Soap.
Don't you waste your soap away.
You've got to use Stack Soap.
Buy yourself some bars today.
Don't let your skin get dry.
Stack Soap, don't use no lye.
Stack your soap into the sky.
Buy yourself a little hope with Stack Soap.
Stack Soap.
Get yourself clean.
Buy a soup bar.
That's where you find it.
Get it on Kickstarter.
It's going to smell so fresh.
Soap.
Wow.
I don't know.
I hope I win the Grammy this year for best soap song.
Griffin, I have heard some songs before.
But in comparison to that, they're just random collections of beeps and boops.
Yeah, everything else just sounds like audio garbage.
I cried soapy tears.
Yeah, it hurt really bad.
I cried soapy tears because this motherfucker just made 17 grand
to come up with a soap-ovation.
Fun. Also, soapy tears was my favorite 1950s comedian.
He's a toast of vodka now he's storming Broadway.
Soapy tears.
Come learn his signature dance, the scorch.
Do you remember that time when soapy tears?
There's a big controversy because he told kids to go in their parents wallet
and email him and mail him their social security cards.
Email me your social security cards.
Fuck, fuck, shit.
Just feed it into your gramophone.
I'm more popular than Justin Bieber will be in 80 years.
I'm soapy tears.
Soapy tears was our nation's greatest prognosticator.
Now let's all do the scorch.
And it turns out that the scorch was the Dougie.
Let me teach you how to scorch.
Fuck.
Guys, we have a new brother and sister. Did you know this?
I'm worried that mom and dad Jesse and Teresa aren't going to love us as much anymore.
They won't.
But here's the good news.
We have a new awesome hilarious podcast on the maximumfun.org network.
This is just as soapy tears predicted.
I thought it was just the scribblings of a bad man.
He said one day an actual woman and an actual homosexual
will record a podcast together about their plight
and it will be called Throwing Shade.
And it will edge out the love that Jesse and Teresa have.
It will cut into the love of my brother, my brother and me.
They will be cast aside.
Not be the scorch.
Travis, can you tell us a little bit more about this new program?
Well, it's not a new program, but it's new to our family.
Throwing Shade, they take issues that affect the female and homosexual community
and treat them with less respect than they deserve.
Is that a company line or is that your own?
No, that's their company line. I'm not judging in any way. I love it.
It can be slightly more political than you might be used to,
but in episode 18, which was their first Max Fun episode,
within the first like 10 minutes, Brian talks about
shoehorning his soft penis into somebody's butt.
With a literal shoehorn?
Like with a literal shoehorn.
Oh, I've got to get down on this podcast.
So I highly recommend it.
It's hosted by Aaron Gibson and Brian Safi and it's very funny.
Everybody needs to go listen to it and show it the same
love that you showed us when we so recently joined the Maximum Fun Network.
I promise. I really think you guys will like it, so make sure you check it out.
Yeah, it's great. And just promise you won't love them as much.
Yeah, I promise you. Yeah, still love us.
But love them, but mainly us.
Yeah, love us more, I guess I would say.
And them less, but still some.
But still some, but not much.
Not as much. Don't like throw us overboard like you did with the soap thing.
When you describe when you decided you're going to run wild like Hulkamania on this soap concept
and leave your old buddies, Justin and Griffin, without Travis.
Well, I've never thought of you as like much of a soap guy.
I feel like Griffin and I could be in the soap biz.
I'm not sure you would.
I've been a soap man since before you were born, Justin.
If we get any bats in the soap factory, I'll have you come by and de-bat the place.
My British friend is in her first year of med school in the US
and has recently decided that she can't maintain a long distance relationship
with her longtime boyfriend in the UK.
Problem is that he's already booked tickets to visit her over spring break
and he won't be able to get the money back.
Oh, when is the right time for her to break up with him?
Before, during or after the visit?
She's asking me for advice and I'm at a loss would tell her help.
That's from Stumpton, Cincinnati.
Well, you've indirectly come to the right place.
Oh man, there's so many issues here.
First off, I can imagine, like it was tough enough to maintain a relationship
in med school when I lived in the same places as my now wife.
Like I can't imagine trying to do that long distance.
Yeah, with a fucking continental divide between you, there's no way.
Well, we're not telling her anything, she already doesn't know.
With all the plate shifting and the tectonics.
If he can't refund the ticket, you have to take,
like you should have known that this wouldn't have worked before you left.
So this is your punishment for not ending it before then
is you have to try to keep it up.
Really?
No.
Yeah, you do.
That is patently bad advice.
I disagree.
I think before you got to go before so that they come and then they have the opportunity
of they flying to America.
They don't have to hang out with you if they don't want to.
So like they still come or they say like, fuck it, I don't want to go
because otherwise the other thing is if you do it during that's bad.
If you do it after you've just spent like a week with this person,
super awkward and totally not into them at all.
Oh God, you're right.
God damn it.
How much a ticket from the UK to the US is how many euros?
I think it's like, depending on, you know,
anywhere from 600 to $1,000, I think to get round trip.
So like 20 euros.
So like 20 to 25 euros.
Right, exactly.
How I would pay $1,000 to not have to go through this.
I actually think that's a good way of looking at it.
Yeah, I would reimburse them.
Here's a question, Griff.
Do you think she should get the checkbook out
and maybe try and meet him halfway on this?
That's what I'm saying.
It's worth to her $1,000 for her not to go through this.
Okay, so she should say like, hold on, let me cover that for you.
Yeah, let me go ahead and get that tick and talk to you never.
Oh man, that's brutal.
Yeah, because if you tell them in advance enough,
maybe he could sell it on Craigslist or something.
Do they have Craigslist there?
Of course they do, they have to.
Sell it on Craigslist or something.
Sell it on Lord's Craigslist.
The Craigslist of Davenshire.
Yeah, you guys are right.
I was in the wrong at the beginning of this.
You can't go through with this.
Here's the thing.
What you're probably trying to solve,
person asking this question, is the good way to do it.
There is no good way to do it.
No, that's the thing is like you could contort yourself
into something that you think is the most decent, right?
Like it's probably the most decent to,
depending on how long term this relationship is,
it's probably the most decent to like end it face to face, right?
But at the same time, you could kill yourself
to try to make that happen.
But in the end, it's still gonna be the dude got dumped.
I mean, he's not gonna think that.
Got dumped in a foreign country while he stuck with you
with like no other mode of transportation
or place to hang out or anywhere to go.
He can't be away from you.
And you are gonna tell him before he makes the trip.
You are going to permanently injure his opinion of America.
If you do that, whenever he thinks of America,
he's gonna think of the heartbreak.
And we don't need more bad press.
Heartbreak in the heartlands.
I want people to think of hamburgers and John Cena.
And Cena burgers.
Like if you tell him that he shouldn't come,
then he really shouldn't have any problem.
I mean, like basically isn't a ticket to America
like the most valuable thing you can get?
Like there are people in Mexico
that would kill for a ticket to America.
Yeah, right?
It's like a fucking Willy Wonka golden ticket.
Right, you come over here, we're gonna get you set up.
We're gonna take you to the Cenaplex and we're gonna-
We're gonna eat Cena burgers.
I imagine Cena burgers come,
it's two burgers that come in a pair of jorts.
Like a Happy Meal, but instead of a box.
Those jorts are made of french fries?
Sure, if we want to go there.
They would lose the gene quality.
They're dyed blue, they're made of blue corn.
Blue corn french fries.
I just want you guys to know that in my mind,
as we've been talking about John Cena,
I've been pronouncing it in my head as John Zena
and it makes me a lot happier.
Okay, you can do it.
Sure, you can go down that.
Yeah.
Go down that blind alley.
I feel like we've helped this person enough.
Can we jump to a Yahoo?
Yeah, yeah, we helped him like a wicked lot.
This one was sent in by Jacob Locker.
Thank you, Jacob.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Marcus who asks,
is it true that the Olive Garden is for poor people?
My girlfriend said it was
and didn't want us to go there last night.
She's a rich girl and knows what fine food is,
but we've never even ever been in there before.
So how does she know it is such a low quality place?
This is a sticky subject.
Yeah, Justin, didn't you sign an NDA
when you stopped working at the Olive Garden?
Yeah, as a former line chef at the Olive Garden,
I think I might have to recuse myself from this question
because I can't say anything negative about the OG.
For an entire three and a half weeks, that was my home.
Can I just say that as somebody who shared a house with you
while you were an OG line cook,
whenever you came home from that job,
you kind of smelled like a poor person.
I did.
I got soaked in what was colloquially referred to as OG water,
which was the, nevermind, I don't want to ruin the Olive Garden.
Tell me the OG water story today.
Well, at the end of the night,
the floor was coated in squished garlic and noodles
that had fallen to the ground.
So you would have to get on your hands and knees
and hose off the floor.
Why did you have to get on your hands and knees to do it?
Well, to get underneath the breadstick oven.
So you would spray the floor off
and you would get kind of soaked in OG water.
Oh, fuck.
And your whole clothes would smell like hobo garlic.
And it was a nightmare.
I would say that if eating pounds and pounds
of unlimited breadsticks and bottomless pasta pits
is for poor people, I don't want to be rich.
Amen.
I did that gross thing that I just described
and you put a plate of chicken scampi in front of me,
you better believe I'm going to town.
That's what I'm saying.
Gonna hurt that bad boy.
Just gonna carb up, face the day.
Take a run.
But mathematically speaking, though,
the Olive Garden offers you infinite food for like $3.25.
So yes, I would say mathematically,
I would say mathematically speaking,
it is indeed ideal for poor people.
Right.
It's a pretty sweet scene for the poor folk.
It's for the people who are too uppity
to eat the pasta at Golden Corral.
Right, exactly.
And they think too much of themselves to get down on some,
what do they have there?
Like beef on a hook.
They don't want to eat the hook beef.
No, you just gnaw on it with a bunch of people.
Pulling up to the Golden Corral.
Darrell, make me a spot on the beef hook.
You cover it with a nondescript gray sauce.
Yahoo answers user coconut guy responded.
Olive Garden are for all kinds of people.
Everyone with all sorts of different incomes
go there and dine to enjoy
and just have a good time eating there.
Hope that helps.
Oh, it helps tremendously.
It's such a big help.
They go there, they dine to enjoy.
Come.
Nobody.
You know who I bet eats at the Olive Garden?
Dwayne The Rock Johnson.
Bet he's not too big.
Not too proud.
Well, he's too big to fit through the door.
They have to like feed him outside,
but he's a man of the people.
I got some of the people's pasta on the people's elbow.
I have a few problems with this guy's response.
Okay.
The most glaring of which being that
I don't think anyone has ever gone to the Olive Garden
to quote, have a good time eating there.
I think they go there
because they want to make a pasta mistake.
Or more likely,
it's the only place you can get your grandparents to go.
Yeah.
That's the only place they love is the Olive Gardens.
You go there with them.
Hey, Pap Pap and Gam Gam,
remember the old country?
This is basically like that.
Let's go get endless breadsticks.
Let's go eat pasta until we die.
And then, but don't worry,
because they have wine you can drink
to forget the pasta pain.
Anytime that I've ever gone to Olive Garden
that hasn't been prompted by family,
it's always been,
I've always done carry out.
Like, I don't want anybody to know.
I'll slip in there in my jorts and a mask
and just get a big bag of pasta and leave.
The mental image.
Like, I still pay for it.
It's not like a robbery.
It's a pasta robbery.
When you said mask,
I imagined like a feathered masquerade mask.
See, I picture a luchadora mask.
I wish it was that dramatic.
No, it's just, you know,
like a regular inside out William Shatner mask on Halloween.
Something for the kids.
Keep things lively.
But I think that if you get to a point
where you, I don't think any restaurant is like,
like, oh, I'm not going to go there
because it's only for poor people.
Like, I think that's kind of despicable.
And if I try to make those barriers for myself
living in Huntington, West Virginia,
I would not be able to eat out a lot,
which for the health spectrum
might not be the worst thing in the world.
But I think that the important thing
is just to know sort of where that restaurant fits
in the world.
Like, sort of like, what is the level of,
you know, what is the level of food here?
What is the level of quality you're opening yourself up to?
And sort of like, where does that fit?
What's the Zagats on Olive Garden?
Did you Yelp it?
Did you Yelp this OG?
I would say this, just as a last piece of advice.
I do not necessarily daily crave the Olive Garden.
But if I was dating a girl who,
when I brought up the Olive Garden,
said that's for poor people,
I would immediately dump her.
It is not a good relationship you're in, sir.
That restaurant, that's for the rabble.
That's for the commoners?
I'd rather go to Denny's.
I only eat at the spaghetti factory.
Are there any restaurants, be honest,
are there any restaurants that you guys won't go to
because it's just too low quality?
Nope.
The food's for poor people.
You know me too well to ask that.
The answer is nope.
In fact, if they have large quantities of food for very cheap,
like, I mean, I'll go to CC's Pizza.
I ain't above it.
Just to take things a little serious for a second,
but not too serious,
because we'll come up the other end.
The last time that we all went to Golden Corral
was the first Christmas Eve after our mother passed away.
We decided that's the time we've got to get in there
and not on the beef hook.
That's going to turn us around on Christmas.
We were like, we'll go out to dinner for Christmas
and didn't think of the fact that it's fucking Christmas
and everybody in their right mind is closed.
Like, everybody's closed,
so there's one place that's open.
Motherfucking Golden Corral.
Well, don't worry, guys,
because it was the closest restaurant to the cemetery
we had just visited.
Oh, God, no.
Pretty good choice, Golden Corral.
How much does this restaurant cost to eat at?
Everything.
Do you want to know the saddest part?
We weren't the only ones there.
Oh, whatever.
That beach was full of people.
It was full of people getting their holiday nosh on.
None of them were quite as in good spirits as us.
Nobody made eye contact.
Nobody made eye contact.
But you could tell the holiday magic was there
because a boy would come up to the beef hook
and a man would like scoot over a little bit.
Come on, Junior.
Come on.
Get on in here.
Wash your hands.
I've already gotten through the pre-gristle.
Really tuck into the meat.
All those boys over there,
they just made a terrible life choice.
They probably could have made spaghetti at home or something.
Just slosh your sauce.
Encounter blessings.
And do the squirge.
Oh, man.
I wonder if Soapy Tears saw that depressing, depressing shit
we were going to do.
It was so depressing that he knew back in the 50s
that we were going to do it.
He predicted the existence of Olive Garden
thanks to our depressing, terrible choices.
That's the thing about being in a depressing situation, guys.
And remember this.
Most of the time, you could have avoided it.
No matter what the depress-
It's all your fault.
It's all your fault.
You went to England, you flew over from England
and your girlfriend depressed you
and you're walking around all sad like that one scene
in Ernest Goes to Camp where he-
He's crying in the window.
Crying in the window.
Yeah, you could have avoided it
if you just asked her like, are you feeling like you maybe
want to break out with us?
Just so I know before I purchase this very expensive,
non-refundable ticket.
We're good, right?
We're good.
I feel like we're good.
Well, that is our show.
Thank you guys so much for listening again.
This has been, what, 95 episodes?
Ah, fuck.
We better figure something out.
Gotta do something big for our Hundo episode.
But seriously, no BS.
Thank you guys so much for being with us.
You're the most supportive, coolest, funniest community
of people on the entire internet
and you make every day worthwhile.
Thank you for supporting Stacked Soap
even though I think you might have overdone a little bit.
Thank you for creating the soap juggernaut.
This soap, this new force in soap.
Something we don't talk about a lot,
we got a Facebook group.
If you go to Facebook, search for My Brother and My Brother and Me,
you'll see thousands of people talking about the show,
swapping pictures, goofy observations, zingers.
That's all going on there.
So go join up to that group.
And if you join, you have to be hand approved by me, Travis, or Griffin
so you know that it's like...
So bask in it.
Bask in it.
Meaningful and special.
Also, it's coming up.
It's that time of year.
Coming up is our MaximumFun.org fun drive.
And once a year, we're going to put out some extra long episodes,
give you a chance to help support all the MaxFun shows that you love.
We're going to be giving away extra content,
some gifts and stuff if you donate.
It's going to be a good time.
So make sure you check it out.
I think that starts the 26th, March 26th.
Yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then runs for two weeks.
So make sure to get on board and help support the shows that you love.
If you don't want to wait for that, you can go to MaxFunStore.com
and we got t-shirts there.
Two different styles that you can buy.
We got the blue, cool, sort of Hardy Boys, Vertigo inspired,
My Brother, My Brother, Me t-shirt,
and there's a Peabam's Nasty Gum shirt that you can get.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Just go get, just go get it, go get it.
And no, we're telling you to buy a lot of things this week,
but it's, it is imperative that you get.
Also, if you have some soap that you would like to hock
or any other soap related ideas,
then you too can have a Jumbotron on the show
and have us talk about your product
or wish somebody like happy birthday
or congratulations on something.
Just go to Maximumfun.org slash Jumbotron
and follow the steps there.
And you can have a message on our show
or any other Max Fun show.
Thank you to everybody tweeting about our show
with the MBM hashtag,
Wiki1978, Elysium, Wesker J,
Abigail McCauley, Angie Warhol,
Megan Keener, Demer, Ross Butler, everybody.
I really, Joe Martini, of course, Sport Burke,
Heron Byrd, you're all the best
and we really appreciate you tweeting it out.
Tweeting this stuff out.
So if you want to tweet about the show
with the MBM hashtag,
maybe throw a link to our sampler in there.
It's bit.ly forward slash it's MBMBAM.
That's a great way to sort of spread the word
about the show.
This final Yahoo answer was sent in by Keith Marnock.
Thank you, Keith.
It's about Yahoo Answers user, Janney, who asked,
What does an owl look like and why?
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Score on the lips.
