The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Can't do the Tim Curry thing. Can't do that. Why not? I think you've done it more than once,
so like why break tradition now? That's a good point. I mean, I'm saying you've already done
it more than once, why say, but I can't do it three times? Maybe just skip the intro because
the intro always goes a little bit long, and just get into like the meat of the of the tune.
Okay. Scary, freaky, crawly Halloween. In media res, Tim Curry.
Wow, I can't believe I sang the whole thing. Yeah. To my brother, my brother, my brother,
my brother, and Merman? There's nothing spooky about the name. My brother of Frankenstein,
Frankenstein's brother. Yes, yes, yes. Actually, I prefer to be Frankenstein's monster's brother.
I'm Doug Frankenstein. I'm the brother of Dr. Victor Frankenstein, and I'm like,
well, I don't know about this. Hey, do you think it was weird? Okay, Frankenstein's brother,
let's talk about him for a second. Yeah. So Dr. Frankenstein makes Frankenstein, right?
Then he makes another one, Frankenstein's brother. Everybody calls the first one Frankenstein,
right? Right. He's like, I called it Frankenstein. So Frankenstein's brother gets made. He's like,
bzzzap. Okay, I'm awake. Hello. What time is it? Oh, cool. This is so weird to be alive. It exists.
This is amazing. So who are you? I am Dr. Frankenstein. And who's that? That's Frankenstein.
So I guess you just went ahead and called him. And what about me? Your name. Oh,
you're the brother of Frankenstein. Well, that fucking sucks. That's weird. Call me Bill
Einstein, please. Bride of Frankenstein? How about we go with Victoria, my name?
Victoria. And then maybe we'll date and we'll see. This would be like if Travis was named
brother of Justin, and I was called like Lil' Justin.
My name is Justin. This is the Justinettes. Welcome to my brother, my brother and me,
or as we're gonna call it from now on, Justin and the rest. It's an advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
Oh, God almighty. Give me one of those. I don't think I should have to do a spooky
voice because my voice already kind of sounds like bones. I'm Griffin McElroy.
I wanted to try a thing where it was like the cryptkeeper, but he couldn't come up with
a good pun. But that's still just how he sounds all the time. Because sometimes he would have
to be like, yes, I would like fries with that. Yeah. And it's like, oh, what's the joke?
Like, there's no joke. I'm just a hungry boy. I'm a hungry. Yeah. He has to live.
I'm sorry I don't get it. There's no need to be rude. Just tell me what's the pun.
Nope. This is just me all the time. I'm actually feeling really down today and
just wanted some comfort food. Doesn't the flop house have a legal
copyright on talking about cryptkeeper? Don't they have the lifetime TM on that
particular character? Anything can happen on Halloween.
Oh, we're back. Once Justin starts stepping on Travis's toes, on his goof toes, you can just
drop that and he'll get distracted as if a child distracted by a pinwheel or something.
Well, that's the thing is that once that precedent is set, once it's established that
anything can happen on Halloween, there's no rules just right anyway.
Yeah. So this is our Halloween
spooktacular. Travis kind of, what's a nice way of putting it, deputized himself to give us a
theme episode because those have gone. Yeah, pretty good, I think. Let me check the
books. I mean, actually, you got friends who keep the records on this one, like baseball
statisticians. And so let me just go back and check where there's a column that says themed
episodes and see how. Oh, it's full of spiders.
It's full of spiders. Now they're calling on me.
I had a good reason, though. I wanted to do this because we got just randomly one good
question about Halloween and I thought, oh, that's fun. What if we had more of these?
Sort of an anchor, a spooky anchor for the rest of the episode.
Yeah. Okay.
And you know what? It'll also probably occur to people that this episode is horrifyingly late.
And so you guys just gave me too much time to think about it.
That's fair.
Yeah. This is how this is how Sad Libs got started. And now here we are doing a Halloween
Sweetactular. Y'all give me too much time on my own and I just have these ideas. These ideas.
Here we are. Here we are talking about Halloween.
Not new. This is not a Halloween watch.
No.
Even though that would make a lot of sense because there has just been a Halloween film
and we do do that from time to time.
What are you guys gonna, yeah, what are you gonna be?
Oh, what are you guys gonna be this year? Wow, this is weird.
What are you guys gonna be this year?
Well, BB is going as Daniel Tiger.
Love it.
And so I thought that I would kind of do a complimentary costume
and go as Johnny the evil karate person from Karate Kid.
Oh, that's fun.
Now, how does that sort of jive with Daniel Tiger?
Like Daniel, how the kid's name is Daniel.
That's fair.
Oh, Daniel.
Yes.
My little guy is going to dress up like a lion because you can just do that when they're small.
It's just like, yeah, they're a puppy. Fucking look at them. It's incredible.
So he's going to be a lion. I'm going to be David S. Pumpkins.
Nice.
This 2018 and I'm here to say David S. Pumpkins is still in my heart.
He still lives in my heart. I've made room for him. He's not a victim. He's in there.
We're all doing superheroes.
Because Charlie's going to be Supergirl.
Cool.
And there's just, you know, I've always struggled finding
sort of more rotund costumes that I can feel great about.
All right.
But pretty low on that list is like skin tight lycra.
Yeah.
So I'm probably going to have to do the Superman t-shirt thing
underneath like a dress, like I'm chained.
Like you caught me.
Oh, that's fine.
Now I do like that, but let me say, Justin, I think you would look beautiful whatever you wear
because I know you and I think you would fucking own it.
Yeah.
Well, I did order a full Superman costume.
Nice.
So we are going to try that on and just see how it grabs us.
Maybe a little bit of a Kingdom Come vibe for all you comic heads out there.
Well, we'll give it a whirl, whirlsy daisy.
Anywho, so, but I did see it.
I saw, you know, I saw a t-shirt that had, well, I was looking for a costume.
I saw a t-shirt that had printed on it, the Clark Kent dress shirt
with the Superman t-shirt underneath.
It was like, it's just a lot of layers.
That's three shirts.
Away.
Yeah, it's like three shirts in one.
Fuck yeah, I love that shit.
Why don't they do that more?
If I go to, you know, J. Crew and I want to get some autumnal layers going,
don't make me buy, you know, a jacket Oxford t-shirt with a tank top underneath it.
Just give me one big shirt that looks like all of them for $40.
I'm going to get into our very spooky Halloween questions
because if we don't do them this week, we're not fucking going to do them ever.
So let's go.
I'm working at a professional haunted house this year.
Nice.
And I have this problem where people take what I say literally and ruin the scare.
For example, my character was right before a train scare.
Is that, you just kind of threw that out there.
Like, well, you got a train scare coming up.
Well, I think context clues don't make sense as we continue on with the question.
Okay.
I was supposed to have died on the tracks.
So I would scream, don't go on the tracks.
It doesn't happen too often.
But every now and then, Bingus is like, okay, well, let me turn our whole group around
and not go obviously forward.
Where do we go?
I wouldn't go in there.
Oh, all right.
Sick.
You obviously had a bit of trouble with the train, so I don't learn from the rest of that.
It does seem dangerous.
So I guess I'll, is this way to funnel cake?
What can I do in response?
I've stuttered and yelled, I want you to go on the tracks as a last resort.
No, you know what?
Do go on the tracks.
Winging it in Westland is who that is from.
That is very good.
That's a very good quandary.
I miss haunted houses.
Me too.
It used to be fun and easy to go to them before I had children.
Now it's a little more challenging.
I've worked several haunted houses in my life.
This is true.
I want to hear some good haunted house stories from my brother, Travis, who I love.
Well, one time in La La Land.
So he's got a lot of celebs.
I actually did.
Who's got the best feel?
Jonah Hill.
Jonah Hill, you got him good, huh?
We scared the shit out of Jonah Hill.
Oh, good, dude.
Did he shit his fucking pants?
He did, oddly.
Nice, dude.
Actually, I don't know that to be true, and I don't want to get sued for libel.
Nah, if it's true, then it's true, baby, and it ain't libel.
You made Jonah Hill dookiest shorts, you loved it.
Awesome, dude.
Now who's the maniac?
Here's the thing.
He shit his pants, and then he came back through three more times.
He loved it.
And each time he shit his pants.
He said out loud, he said out loud, I've been constipated for six years.
Thank you so much.
I'm going to cast you my next feature.
They'll teach him to drop out of the limelight to focus on directing.
No, but I was in one and I fell asleep in a coffin.
Well, that's pretty much the biggest story.
That must have been anti-climactic for the people walking by.
I was in a coffin that I popped open and scared people.
And one night, when I was working a haunted house in Oklahoma,
I did fall asleep in the casket.
It was a good nap.
I bet, dude, the dirt nap, it's sort of designed to be good.
The wake up was not great.
No, sure.
Not a cool wake up.
Here's the thing about a haunted house.
End of the day, it is still a house.
Thank you.
And I can't say like, yo, Derek, go to the bathroom.
I can't, you know what I mean?
I can't say, yo, Derek, time to go upstairs to the nursery.
Derek's going to go where he wants to go.
It is still a house and you need to be hospitable.
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah, I do know what you mean.
It's a house?
It's a house.
Lest we forget, that's, you know what?
It's a haunted house, but to somebody it's a haunted home.
That's what you think about.
That's somebody's haunted home that you're traipsing around in
and spilling your hot cocoa that you purchased in line.
You're spilling that everywhere.
It's somebody's haunted home.
They should establish that more.
There should be a room that you walk into
and there's just like somebody watching TV and they're like,
oh, there's nothing scary in this room.
This is just the den.
Do you want to fucking buy it though?
Because I hate how haunted it is.
Yeah, oh, would you please buy this house?
Come back in like May.
It sucks.
Very fun usually.
In May, it's the worst.
Yeah, because it's still this,
but also like I have to go to work.
Yeah, thank you for your like sort of tourism through my life.
Sort of like this life tourism, but this is my haunted home.
Next time you come, could you bring some groceries or something?
I haven't been able to leave the house.
There's a chainsaw man by the front door.
I can't go fucking anywhere.
We live, this is our first Halloween in a new neighborhood
that we recently moved to.
And there is a house down the street that about two weeks ago,
their whole front yard became covered
in a barrier of black garbage bags.
And you know what the fuck that means.
That it's about to get really spooky in there.
They don't want anybody to see the Halloween surprise.
Then they spray painted the bags with a date
that you know their mixtape is gonna drop
and you're so fucking psyched.
Yesterday, I drove by it
and they had also spray painted on $5.
Is your house, bud?
That's a home hot.
You can't turn it into an unlicensed haunted home.
Like an off-track, especially scary factory.
There's no way it's like OSHA standards in there.
I'm like, hey, someone's gonna fucking touch you.
Like, uh, no, no, no.
You know what, Griffin, call OSHA.
Get Etsy a haunted house.
Yeah, do it.
Get a license.
There are rules, trust me.
I've been yelled at.
Here's the way you solve this one.
Because you can do this and you can amp up the scares.
So you act like you weren't finished with your sentence.
Like, don't go across the tracks.
And then they're like, okay, I won't.
And then you turn around like,
because I'm gonna eat your feet.
And then you go after them.
To like, eat their feet.
And they're like, so scared.
Or like, I'm gonna eat your ass.
Because I'm gonna, well, get to the tracks.
That could send a different message, Justin.
I'm gonna eat your fucking ass.
I'm gonna eat your whole ass, yeah.
That might be a mixed message, though.
Awesome, dude, I'm so scared.
Shit.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
This one was sent in by Ray Gaynor.
Thanks, Ray, it's Yahoo Answers User.
Dan, who asks, if you pump a haunted cellar
full of concrete, does it get rid of the ghost?
Like, if you totally obliterate the ghost's environment
by filling the whole cellar full of liquid concrete
right up to the ceiling, does it effectively exorcise it?
Or would the ghost just move upstairs
and haunt the rest of the house?
Stupid ignorant people who don't believe in ghosts
should not respond to this question.
I ain't afraid of no ghost.
Who you gonna call?
Me, the Ghostbuster.
Conk.
All right, so I'm gonna fix this one up proper good.
Ain't no fucking ghost gonna get out of this, boy.
Do you have anything you need to get out of the cellar
before I begin the extraction process?
Well, I think our cat was down, oh.
Okay, your cat, good news, cat's still down there.
You know where it is, and you always will.
I ain't afraid of no ghost.
I just reduced the square footage of your home.
I'm a Ghostbuster.
I mean, ghosts are, by definition, incorporeal.
Yeah, but to, but counterpoint, Trav,
I'm not saying that they would be like forced out,
but I don't know of a ghost who would be like,
oh, cool, I'm gonna brick.
Yeah.
I'm just gonna sit down here, I guess.
The ghosts are just like, oh, okay, I get it, fine.
I get it, you don't want me here.
You could have just said, or like hung crosses up.
You didn't have to ruin your finished basement, dog.
You didn't have to kill your beloved Mr. Mittens.
Like, this is gonna kill your resale value.
What were you thinking?
I don't think-
This is like one third of the square footage of the house.
You had a bar down here.
Cellar's actually a lot of trouble.
I would be fine with just concreting one right up.
So I didn't have to deal with all the dankness,
the mold, are you kidding me?
And the ghosts?
Folks, if it's below ground, it's gonna get wet in there.
That's Earth.
That actually is true,
but my basement just flooded a little bit.
I don't know how much water there has to be in a basement
for you to call it flooded,
but any presence of water that cannot be explained.
Yeah.
Yeah, if there was, okay, imagine there was a ghost
that was extremely terrifying and very spooky.
He is not friendly.
I cannot highlight this enough.
This is not a friendly ghost.
Is he like standoffish or?
No, he's like a scary fucking ghost, right?
Like from the movie.
What'd he kill?
Does he kill?
No, ghosts don't do anything.
Ghosts really aren't scary,
but imagine he's like a scary, frightening ghost.
Like if you give him a second, he'll like try to push
your board game shelf over on top of you.
Oh, no.
I know, but he's acting out.
I just organized those.
He will also maintain your basement
and keep it dry and spotless.
Shit.
I guess what I'm saying is if you could have a butler
that was also a ghost.
A boodler.
Thank you.
That's unnecessary, but okay, I suppose.
Yes, fine.
We've checked with the judges.
They say it's okay.
A bootler.
No, if you don't say it right,
it just sounds like you're mispronouncing butler.
You gotta say booooodler.
Don't think I have to do anything of the sort.
So what would you, what would you-
Hey, whose phone's ringing?
Hey, whose phone just rang?
It's a ghost.
Oh, Justin.
Justin, did you get a ghost caller or?
Don't be scared.
I'm very scared of the rudeness that I didn't expect.
The booooodness.
Yeah, I thought maybe we were all very,
very on the same level, but I'm terrified we're not.
I thought we've been recording episodes for over nine years.
Hey, wait a minute, guys.
I don't have a phone.
Fuck.
Hell yeah, dude.
Too real.
It's really good.
Let's get back to Justin's spooky sexy upstairs downstairs reboot.
Yes, I would keep-
If I had a moody standoffish acting out ghost
who wasn't necessarily trying to kill me,
but didn't mind tipping a board game shelf over on me,
but kept my basement clean,
maybe cleaned like the cat box that was down there
and like kept it dry.
I'm like, yeah, yeah.
I think I'd be okay with that.
Okay, thank you, Travis.
Thank you for weighing in.
I have a second question.
Let's say he was just a spooky ghost.
Not helpful, okay?
Okay, he scared your family.
He scared your pets.
He scared your guests.
He made a very scary place to be in, okay?
So you can banish this ghost,
but it takes 20 minutes and you have to watch the entire time
and the ghost can talk and stuff.
Would you banish this ghost into non-existence
if one, it took 20 minutes,
two, it could talk the whole time,
and three, you had to watch?
And the ghost knows what's going on the whole time?
It knows what's going on.
It knows that you're doing it.
You're like holding a giant lever
to banish this ghost into non-existence,
but you have to stay in the room the entire time.
Is the ghost experiencing any kind of discomfort
or is it just like...
He's being banished.
No, he's being slowly banished into non-existence.
He's being nothinged and he knows that you're doing it.
I think I could make a hard case for like,
sorry, bud, you knocked over all my board games.
I spent all afternoon organizing those.
You did knock them over, so I have to destroy you forever.
I have to send you to the nothing place.
I don't think that's-
He's gonna make a lot of promises here,
and there's gonna be a lot of like,
I will make you board games from now on.
I'll suck your fucking dick, dude.
Have you seen Ghostbusters?
You ever had an ecto style?
I will, I'll do it.
What if that's how the Ghostbusters did it?
What if rather than trap,
what if when you hire the Ghostbusters,
they had to stand in your living room
and blast the ghost into non-existence
and it took 45 minutes and they could talk the entire time?
I mean, that's why they kept Slimer around.
Slimer was the only one who they felt pity for.
This Slimer is like a fucking ghost hospice nurse
just talking the ghost into non-existence.
Hey, hey, hey, it's okay, it's fine.
Rest your slimy head on what passes through your neck.
It's the slime zone.
Ah, nice.
Ah, Ghost still got it, man.
Horses are done, but Ghost still got it, man.
Damn, damn, damn, damn, Daniel.
How do I tell people to give me bones?
I collect bones and enjoy getting them as gifts.
Best gift I ever gotten was a human pelvis replica.
Unfortunately, you nasty person.
Unfortunately, it's always a little awkward
asking people to get me bones
during gift-giving holidays or birthdays.
How do I ask for bones while being taken seriously
and not freaking people out?
That's from Cass.
Probably your biggest risk is like asking to get bones
and people giving you like DVD seasons
starring David Boreanaz.
Yeah, but really.
But then you get it and you're like,
oh man, this isn't bones, but then you watch a couple seasons
and you're like, I'm okay with this.
Yeah, and it does feature a lot of bones.
There's a lot of bones.
Sure, that's gonna tickle your fancy.
Man, I need to get back into that show.
I fell off at some point.
I think I only made it through the first three or four seasons.
I mean, enough that I would say I'm a bones fan,
but not enough that I would say like,
I know everything about bones.
No one loves bones more than me.
I tell you, my favorite thing is David Boreanaz
versus pretty, I don't know, I wouldn't call him
like an uptight FBI agent.
I think he was in the FBI, but he wore funny, silly socks.
And like, that's how you knew like,
ah, he's a funny guy.
Yeah, he knows how to find the bones too,
which is so important.
And I tell you, I watched that movie Lovely Bones.
There was no David Boreanaz and his friend Carver
finding noob skeletons.
And I was so fucking pissed off by that.
But anyway, if you wanna know how to get bones as a gift,
there is in a way, it's wild.
I think they're all illegal.
I think it's illegal to own a bone.
Yeah, this is kind of like saying like,
I wanna get Pop-Tarts from the government.
I don't know how you do that.
That's sort of not a thing that they deal in.
There's a place in Los Angeles,
I'm trying to remember the name of it,
but what keeps popping in my head is Cryptonomica
because of our stupid RPG show.
But there's a place that just sells jewelry
made of bird skulls and pins
made of rabbit skeletons or whatever.
But they just want a pure bone experience, Travis.
They don't want it to be fancied up.
If there's a place in LA I know about,
it's called La Brea Tar Pits, full of bones.
You just gotta know how to get them with my special drone.
That's true.
Wouldn't you rather have a bone with a story
than just like, I bought you this bone?
That's not interesting.
Right now I excavated you this bone.
I pulled this out of the tar pits with Griffin's bone drone.
TM, TM, TM.
TM, TM, Griffin's bone drone.
It can be either a drone that retrieves bones
or one made out of bones for a special Halloween party.
Or maybe both.
Bones though, huh?
Where do you get them?
Who has them?
Everybody, but they won't give them to you.
Are they at the store?
I know that probably if you went to like the butcher counter
and asked for bones,
I think they legally have to give it to you.
Right.
Does that still count?
Is that the kind of bones you want?
I think they love human bones
and owning as many of them as possible.
You think it's an insurance policy
in case they have a kickball accident?
Oh, replacement bones.
I got a new fibula.
A bone donor.
I got a new tibia.
Got a new Tiburon.
My ulna's new.
It's from a guy named Ralph.
And now I have it.
It would be nice to like fall off the bleachers
at the big game.
Yeah.
And then everybody's like, oh no.
And you're like, it's fine.
I actually have another one of these.
Yeah, I have other bones.
Let me, just get me home
and I'll slap a new one in there right away.
It's not polite for me to pop the new bone in
for everybody.
Because some of y'all get squeamish.
But I'll do it.
Not you, Doug.
I know you're weird.
Not you, Doug.
I've seen you play Operation.
Get the fuck out of here, Doug.
I'm trying recently, just to be clear,
I'm trying recently to transition away
from like using Steven to Doug.
Oh, cool.
That's my go-to funny name.
We've gotten a lot of letters from Stevens.
Like please, please, please, please fucking stop.
Please, God, please.
I mean, hell.
I think you guys hate me.
Derricks are never gonna get off the hook.
Derricks are never, yeah.
But I mean, it's gotta be,
it's gotta be those names.
Justin does Vicky or Victoria a lot.
I do do Victoria a lot.
We do need to retire Steven, though.
Yeah, Steven's had a good run.
God, I feel like dog shit.
Wish I had some new bones.
I could use a new fucking rib cage at this point.
Well, Griffin, if you really want a new rib cage,
I know one way we could afford it for you.
By doing advertisements in the Money Zone.
Oh, thank you.
Yes, the money bone.
I would like to tell you all about Squarespace.
Yup.
Yeah, that's actually great for me.
Yeah, it's actually just a coincidence
that then they also happen to be sponsoring us.
Sponsoring us, but even if they weren't,
I wanted to talk about them.
Because I think that the next wave of the future
is haunted websites.
Yeah, it's like a haunted house,
but you don't need to leave your house
or go anywhere or do anything.
And it's basically like as you're scrolling through,
it would be like a social media platform,
like a Twitter or a Facebook or an Instagram.
But as you're scrolling through,
every third post is scary.
And then just when you start to expect it,
then it's like every fourth post.
It varies a little bit so that it works up to you.
And I'm gonna work on building this idea
using Squarespace to turn my cool idea
into a new website to showcase my work scariness
and announce an upcoming event or special project,
my new innovation, my scarivation.
Travis, you don't know literally anything
about making websites.
Oh, but Justin, I do not need to.
My completely infantile brain plus Squarespace
equals websites.
Because Squarespace has beautiful templates
created by world-class designers,
powerful e-commerce functionality
that lets me sell things online, which I will.
There will be a lot of merch on my scary website
and free and secure hosting.
So I don't have to worry about anyone hacking
my scary website and stealing my ideas.
Sure, God, please.
You got it.
You just gotta go, man.
Please.
You just gotta read it.
I mean, get it.
You're making a scary website.
Yeah, I just wanna make it clear.
The website would be scary.
Oh, so scary.
Head to squarespace.com slash mybrother for a free trial.
And when you're ready to launch,
use the offer code mybrother to save 10%
off your first purchase of a website or domain
at squarespace.com slash mybrother
and enter the code mybrother, all one word.
I got a ghost in my dick.
It's me undies time.
Whoa.
That is their slogan.
I got a ghost in my dick.
I'll put it in my me undies to where they're very, very soft
and make fun, crazy prints.
Do you know they also make lounge pants and tees?
Well, I've been convalescing for what feels like two
and a half months.
I've been wearing these lounge pants so much
that they have become me.
Anyway, fall is here and it's the perfect time
to put these cozy essentials to the test.
I really do enjoy me undies quite a bit.
I tell you, I tell you, I wore them up north,
took a trip up north to the northern most regions
of Minnesota.
And these me undies kept my whole business area
completely great.
And they have the lounge pants.
Let's get back to those.
They are made from the same three times softer
than cotton micromodal fabric as their undies.
You can check out their latest jack-o'-lanterns print
in undies, socks, and bralettes.
And they got a 100% satisfaction guarantee.
If you don't love them, you can keep them.
They'll refund you.
It's risk-free.
They got a great offer for our listeners too.
For any first-time purchasers, when you purchase any me undies,
you get 15% off and free shipping.
So to get 15% off your first pair of free shipping
and a 100% satisfaction guarantee,
go to meundies.com slash my brother.
That's meundies.com slash my brother.
I would love to tell you all, share a special message
with you.
And it is from Pops slash Fistmaster.
And it's for Alex, Nick, Olivia, and Jill.
And that's not a great start, but I'm gonna push on through.
Thank you for being my good, good kids.
I am so proud of you and love you so much.
The brothers make life better because they remind me of you,
especially the talking over each other's goose.
Here's to many more years of fun.
That's good, man.
Yep.
Got him.
Here's to many more years of fun and great job.
Sincerely, Fistmaster.
Fuck yeah.
Now, to be fair, that's not a weird nickname.
In the 90s, he was transported to an alternate universe
where he turned out to be the one spoken about in legend
and he was the Fistmaster.
Fistmaster, I've heard of him.
Trav, you wanna read this last one, please?
I sure do.
My voice sounds like a mud bubble.
It's from Taylor and it's for John.
Hi, baby.
Turns out your anxious baby got nervous writing this.
Anyway, life is a drip and I am so lucky to be
writing beside you.
You're a strong, inspirational man.
The very best cat daddy to our very bad beans.
And my best friend.
I can't wait to watch Peezy and Bean grow old with us.
I love you always and unconditionally.
200 mummies.
And then there were 200 mummies.
There's like 200 mummies.
Believe it or not, there's 200 mummies in this one.
Oh, shoot.
The secret is out.
I, Open Mike Eagle, officially had a wrestling match.
And on the next Tights and Fights, I'm talking all about it.
From the rap battles that got us started.
Open Mike, you ain't ready.
Oh, really?
Just call him.
Like something, forget it.
Into how I hurt myself in ways I didn't know I could.
That day and the day before, I got so many texts from people
who really care about me who were like,
please don't break your neck.
The only place you can get the full story is on the newest episode
of Tights and Fights.
Find it on maximumfun.org or wherever you get podcasts.
You know Yahoo?
Yeah, I'd love one.
This is usually the part after we come out of money zone
where you interrupt me a little bit.
Weird.
Nope, not on this one.
Sorry to, sorry to disappoint.
All right, so here's a Yahoo.
This one was sent in by Kyle.
Who was it from again?
Say it slowly this time.
Wait, say it slowly this time.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Here.
Folks, it's a haunted doll watch.
What else could it be?
This is coming to us from actually,
this is I think our first repeat seller.
It may be that this has happened before,
but this person's intro is so wild
that I'm happy to welcome back Lacy.
Here's a reminder of Lacy.
Today, I will share my story with you
so you can get to know me.
My name is Lacy, so feel free to call me by my name.
That is like a fucking like mid-90s like hip hop song.
Like stop what you're doing
because I'm about to ruin your day.
I'm Lacy.
Today I'm going to share the story of a scare.
She's in a wonderful coven.
She practices the art of magic.
She lives in harming one,
harming none and helping all.
I said harming one.
It's okay.
Listen, if you get out of this life only harming one, not bad.
I believe in harming Beverly Fitzpatrick
who used to be my friend when we were in third grade.
She knows what she did.
She knows what she did, Beverly.
Huge capsule letters.
This is a tangible item.
Don't get it twisted.
And then right below that it says,
this is a sexual spirit meant for you.
Oh my God, this is not a toy.
Oh my God.
Meant for me?
Meant for you.
My brother that I'm selling a sexual ghost here.
Is it a fucking toy though?
It's not.
It's a tangible sexual spirit.
It says this is a tangible item
and then right below it says it's a sexual spirit.
And Lacy, which is it?
Lacy, Lacy, it can be both.
Justin, it's 2018.
Lacy, which is it?
People can be both tangible items and sexual spirits.
Today I present to you the sexual spirit of Kayla,
a new undiscovered Miles Davis record.
This is a highly erotic spirit.
If you desired a sexual spiritual connection
with another being, I think everybody does.
This spirit is meant for you.
Kayla is of, this is underlined, a very sensual spirit.
Yeah, oh my God, you make it so much worse with each repeated.
If you are not aroused by looking into her eyes,
then read no further.
Let me take a quick check.
Well, okay, hold on, wait, let's pause the podcast.
I'll send you all the legs.
Send me a JPEG, yeah.
Not everybody is gonna be able to continue with this.
We're not all gonna get through to the end of this.
Because some of us are gonna,
if we're following the directions,
some of us are going to have to bail.
But yeah, so we'll just do this.
If you click on the JPEG and you don't get out.
I would love to send you guys a glossy JPEG,
but new Skype is so fucking miserable that I can't even,
here we go.
There is a link to Kayla.
I am having zero erotic reaction to this, my friends.
I wish I could come with you,
but I'm getting, my erotometer is just in the,
completely in the red right now.
There's no activity.
It's completely fair.
I do wanna keep, I'm gonna keep reading
just as a public service,
but I think we've all established
this is not for any of us.
This is not any of our king.
It might just specifically be for Dan Aykroyd.
And I know we've already referenced him once this episode
and might again.
Yeah.
It just feels appropriate.
Well, we referenced his character in Ghostbusters.
But this is for Dan the man.
Dan the human man.
This spirit will provide you
with an intense sexual attachment.
You will feel Kayla in any room you are in.
I mean, after you buy her, I guess that's your right.
You will follow, she will follow you around.
She is at your beckoned call.
That's not.
That's not it.
That's not what you meant to say.
She will exist to pleasure you.
This is starting to yuck me out,
but I'm gonna push on forward.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait.
It's starting to.
Now is the time where the yuck.
Just from a power dynamics perspective,
like I want Kayla to be a real person.
And if we have a strong sexual connection,
that's like great.
But I also wanted her to be able to pursue
her other interests.
She is ready for you anytime.
All you have to do is call her
and she will be there to pleasure you.
Oh, no.
She's a doll.
It sucks so bad.
It sucks so bad that she's a little doll.
She will appear to you telepathically as a young woman.
Well, you're assuming a lot all of a sudden,
aren't you, Lacy?
Maybe that's not my fucking thing.
She'll be in the body of a 20-year-old.
She has long, dark hair.
She will be wearing only a long T-shirt.
I gotta say, man,
usually with these listings,
it's always about like,
it's always about like,
you'll feel a general sort of spirit
of Lacy's giving you the fucking Craigslist ad, right?
Like, this is her exact description
and clothes guarantee.
It's so oddly that she'll be wearing a long T-shirt
with an off-brand Barton Simpson on it.
Right, exactly.
She'll be wearing just a left sock and a slat brace.
She'll be wearing a big dog T-shirt
she stole from your uncle.
She won't get the reference and neither will you.
She will be in the body of a 20-year-old.
She has long, dark hair.
She will only be wearing a long T-shirt.
She will fall into your arms.
You will catch her and feel her body brushing against you.
Well, I might catch her.
Maybe, I got shit to do today.
She only wants to satisfy you.
She will whisper into your ear.
She will speak to you in her soft voice.
She will nip at your neck.
She will be ready.
You will dream of Kayla often.
You will feel her arms around you at all times.
This is not a normal sexual spirit.
You can't just walk into any fucking Costco
and buy a regular sexual spirit.
She's not like the others.
She's special.
She's very active.
Artisanal.
She is.
I keep waiting.
I feel like there should be a twist here
and that's when she'll turn on you.
Like this is, where's the twist?
She's one of the more active sexual spirits in my collection.
So Lacy's keeping the real nasty birds back for herself,
you see, but she is pretty nasty.
Can I give it up?
Her only wish is to make you feel pleasure.
She is a very talkative spirit.
She will only speak if you desire to speak with her.
If you do want a conversation,
she communicates best through dousing and pendulum.
How's your relationship going Justin?
Pretty good.
We communicate mainly through dousing and pendulum.
It gets me rock hard.
It gets me rock hard and she's always ready
and she's always in the same big dog's t-shirt
she stole from my uncle.
If you're in need of a pendulum,
I have them available at my store.
Damn Lacy, you thought of everything.
You can view them by clicking here.
Can you imagine buying this sexual spirit?
It's like there's got to be some way we could talk.
Anyway, I can't think of anything.
I am a reputable seller and I have been for years,
which is something that reputable sellers always say
in my experience.
All my items are authentic and you will get a tangible item.
You'll be extremely satisfied with this purchase.
I combine this spirit doll to you free of charge
so the magic can begin working before arrival.
Okay, so what Lacy is saying is she'll do a spell on this doll
to make a horny spirit fly across the country
and it goes faster than UPS could do it
because I need this sexy spirit now.
I will be sending a free gift along with Kayla,
which does not seem sinister in the slightest.
She's not a pendulum though.
You're gonna fork out for that baby?
She's a beautiful spirit and will make a great addition
to anyone's family who's open to the paranormal.
And I would hasten to say pretty much anything, huh, Lacy?
Who in reading this listing got to that line
and would be like, well, I'm not open to the paranormal.
Like that was the deal breaker for them.
All caps, red text, italics, exclamation points, larger font.
Authentic, spirit, magical, powerful.
And then just when you're about to nut.
Per eBay's policy, I must state that I am not to be held
responsible for any paranormal experiences
that may or may not happen.
You're betting on a tangible.
All right, just when I'm about to go nuts.
It's like, but it could not happen.
I don't think that eBay,
I understand why Lacy has phrased it to say,
I'm not responsible for any paranormal occurrences
that may or may not happen per eBay's policy.
Yeah, they're taking some liberties.
I'm pretty sure that eBay's policy is not
if an item you buy on eBay has a ghost in it,
it's not the seller's fault.
Like I'm pretty sure eBay doesn't specify
that ghost items are not the fault of the seller.
I'm pretty sure it's just the other one.
Yeah, I bought this vintage Mickey Mouse clock
off of your eBay site and it's haunted.
Well, I don't know what to tell you.
Per eBay's policy, ghosts attached to the item
are not the responsibility of the seller.
So I guess.
As always, I'd like to close this haunted dog segment
the way I always do by saying,
if you're the person at eBay that takes calls
about shit not being haunted enough,
please give us a buzz.
Would love to hear from you
even though you got the disclaimer,
I'm betting your phone is still ringing
off the proverbial hook.
And I would love to just touch base real quick.
Whatever you need a second.
Just a couple anonymous transcripts
from those calls would just be top notch.
Just so dope.
Real good.
We'll put the monster voice filter on it
before we put it on our podcast for sure.
Do you want a Yahoo?
Yes.
This one was sent in by Griffin,
but a different one.
Thank you, Griffin.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
They're anonymous.
I'm gonna call them.
Munchie asks,
Halloween prank, what would happen if I did this?
Say that on Halloween night,
I keep several open cans of creamed corn
by my front door.
And every time I get a trick or treater,
I open the door,
quickly dump the can of creamed corn
into their bag of candy,
then shut the door no words ever spoken.
What would come of that?
I think you'd be arrested.
Why?
It's definitely illegal.
Why?
Why?
Huh.
Because you'd be,
you'd be ruining children's candy in evenings.
I don't know.
It's a trick, motherfucker.
It's not a good one, though.
It's a great one.
It counteracts all the treats.
It's a trick that negates every treat
they've received up to that point.
It's a pretty good trick.
I mean, I guess.
It's not the most creative.
Creative.
What would you do then?
Really trick them?
Yeah.
Maybe like distract them
and then swap their bag of candy
for just a bag full of creamed corn.
So then you get the candy.
Then I get the candy.
And you know what?
Maybe I just leave the creamed corn in the can too
and I just give them a bag
with a can of creamed corn in it.
That they'll use to just beat you to shit with.
No, the door's closed.
All right.
They can't get me.
I'm never leaving my house again.
Never.
I have enough candy to live off the rest of my life.
Yeah.
Enjoy the Garmin Bosia, kids.
I think it'd be funny.
It'd be, I mean, it'd be so bad, right?
But like, I love that like bad humor.
Like me, myself, Irene humor.
Like that bad.
Like they shouldn't be doing that.
Do you know what I mean?
The raunchy stuff.
Like the super raunchy.
Something about Mary when he comes.
It's like so bad and it shouldn't be happening.
Griffin, this one's gonna take you back.
Is that hair gel?
Yeah.
Here's the thing.
Try to let him have it.
Let him go.
It's me, the Crip Keeper.
I wrote that joke.
What?
All right.
Yeah, he wrote the-
You did?
I wrote all of something about Mary.
Wow.
Except I called it.
There's something about scary.
Uh-huh.
Hey, Crip Keeper, that doesn't make any fucking sense, bud.
There's two things about scare.
Okay.
All right.
But it doesn't make any sense, right?
I called it scare's tomb thing about scary.
Yeah.
We also had an extended aboot.
So scare's tomb thing, aboot, scary.
I think that's all of them.
Scare's swamp thing, aboot, scary.
It's a fucking bad podcast.
People have been listening to this podcast for almost a decade.
I'm just saying the hit film scare's swamp thing, aboot, scary.
Yes.
It's the perfect joke.
It's a Halloween.
It was a horror comedy.
There's nothing wrong with that.
With Cameron Diaz.
Like, oh, shit.
I did one too many, didn't I?
I have too many questions to get through.
I know that we barely touched on that yahoo, but I got to move on.
Hey, bros.
No, please.
I never dressed up for Halloween.
Super religious parents.
But this year is my year.
My wife and I have an invite to a Halloween party.
And we also have all the components for the perfect Bob and Linda Belcher costume.
The only issue is that I've had a beard for three years now.
And this costume would require shaving down to just the mustache.
My question, is it worth shaving away all my hard work for my first ever Halloween costume?
That's from Spooky Stache in Surrey.
Why don't we lightning round through these last questions?
Because Justin's right.
We are not going to come back to these ever.
For sure, for sure, for sure.
They are Halloween themed.
I am going to say, probably not because it's one night out of the year and your beard is
going to take you a while to get back, I think.
Halloween costumes are about having fun and like playing dress up.
They're not about, and maybe you don't know this because you haven't done it before.
It's not about tricking your friends into thinking you're the beloved burger man.
Like, they're not going to be fooled.
They'll know it's you.
So you don't have to make it a complete fabricate, a complete ruse.
You don't have to be in character all night, I guess is what I'm saying.
The Halloween police aren't going to send you home because you didn't do it.
Now, if you're going to go compete in like some sort of Halloween competition, maybe.
What's the prize?
I mean, I said I was doing David S. Pumpkins earlier, but really, I'm just putting on a
nice blue suit that I own.
And then I'll say his favorite stuff.
What's the worst laziest Halloween costume everybody here has ever done?
Where it's like, still, you try to do a costume, but it's like, it's just bad.
You did a bad job.
I've never done a bad job.
Okay.
I put on a striped sweater and I said, I am Harry Potter.
I broke a stick while I was on my way to the party.
This is not a joke.
I broke a stick off of a tree and that was my wand.
It was awesome.
I once wore a green pair of ladies sweatpants and a white dress shirt and said I was Peter Griffin.
I remember that.
It was not a good costume, but it was dark time for all of us.
Good sweatpants.
They were good sweatpants.
See, I've done Dexter and I did a good job.
I did Quailman and I did a good job.
I've done Wolverine.
Yes.
Quailman.
You know, the best thing Sid and I ever did was Phil and Lil.
Those are adorable.
That was good.
They were good costumes.
Anyway, let's move on.
I hope that helps.
Just keep your beard.
Don't shave your beard.
I work at a scare farm.
Is that a pun or?
Scare farm is probably like a haunted house, but more rural.
Got it.
Every year where I get to run around and terrify children and adults alike.
But every year without fail, there are a couple of people that end up fighting
rather than fleeing upon being spooked.
So dope.
How should I prepare myself for these situations?
And what types of defense tactics should I employ
when dealing with the easily scared common folk?
That's from Bloodcurdling and Bruised in Branchburg.
So awesome.
It's so awesome.
Oh, it's a mummy.
A real mummy.
I got him.
Punch, punch, punch.
Oh, shoot.
That's right.
Oh, no.
That was just a 20 year old.
Damn it.
Do they go see Lion King on Broadway and they're like,
everybody get the fuck out of here.
That's a hyena.
To wild animals.
I've only been struck once doing some spooks.
And I was doing a haunted house.
So I worked with this company that set up haunted houses at people's houses.
And they did it for this like seven year old's birthday
that happened to be like three days before Halloween.
And so it was like the same 10 kids and they all came through the party
of the haunted house over and over again.
And so I was just like sitting in a fake electric chair like doing like a jump scare.
And this little girl just came through.
I jumped, she stared at me for like five seconds
and then hauled off and smacked me across the face.
Whoa.
And I instantly turned back into an adult and I was like, how dare you?
And she like ran away.
It was, and I never did a haunted house ever again after that.
I guess it's a good reminder that like, you're not so tough.
You may be like Mr. Scare.
Oh, I see.
Mr. Scare that night.
But like, people will still fight.
People can still fight you.
I guess that's what I'm saying.
So we should be careful.
And you know what?
That's also a pretty like hopeful message for humanity of like,
yeah, it'll be scary when like the army of vampires attacks,
but some of us will fight back.
Listen, some of us will run.
And as I'm sure I've discussed in this podcast before,
the time I got scared by a werewolf, I did run away.
And listen, I'm a runner.
I get it.
You have done your part, I think, in keeping these like modern day Spartans,
keeping their instincts honed to a razor's edge.
So when the real creature for the Black Lagoon shows up,
this guy will be ready.
He'll have practiced on you.
So he'll be ready to save your bacon and you'll appreciate it.
Yeah.
That's what you should do is like mark them in some way
and then have someone outside of the haunted house when they get out.
They're just like, I see you're a fighter.
Come with me, son.
I'm going to recruit you to a very special like organization.
You're going to help me fight monsters.
But then really, you just like, I don't know,
sue them for striking an employee.
I want to recruit you to a very special well over here
that I'm going to put you into because you're a dingus.
Travis makes a great point.
If you're being struck, that is still a crime.
Like a haunted house is still a house.
And in house, you can still do crime.
You know what I mean?
Like we don't suspend, we don't suspend our laws just because
we're trying to LARP a little bit.
You know what I mean?
Why did you hit that person?
Well, he was dressed like a werewolf.
OK, but werewolves aren't real.
So that was a guy.
So it was a guy.
You hit him.
Please follow me to jail.
This way to jail.
I want to dress up for Halloween.
Walk behind me, honor system.
I want to dress up for Halloween, but my office at my new job
doesn't seem to celebrate the holiday at all.
How much of my Hogwarts uniform can I put on before it stops
being business casual?
That's from Bailey.
I can say anecdotally, if you put on some jeans and a striped
sweatshirt with a stick, people aren't going to know
you're Harry Potter.
So that much approximately.
What if just like every time the boss walked by,
you were a little more magical?
Oh, I see.
I like that.
Yeah.
So over time, the boss walks by at like four fifty five
and the boss is like, have they always been Hermione?
Have they always been Hermione?
Where did they get the owl from?
What the fuck's going on?
Have you always had an owl?
Yep.
Hey, have you always been Voldemort?
Yeah, I have always been Voldemort.
You know this.
Always.
We talked about this at my quarterly review.
Have you always been a ghost that lives in the bathroom?
Yes, I have.
Yep.
There's always been a crying bathroom ghost at your office.
Last one.
Okay, so for Halloween, I'm going as a skeleton with a jack-o'-lantern mask.
Fuck that's scary.
But the onesie my mom got me is just so apparently crunchy.
Like I just slightly move my arm and the fabric paint that was used
to paint on the bones just crunches so loud.
Did I fix this?
Can I make it not so annoying?
Can I try to make it sound like the crunchiness is on purpose?
That's from Matt.
Thank you, Matt.
Matt?
You just have to jump out and say like, I'm the crunchy ghost.
Yeah, crunchy.
You're essentially able to scare in two senses.
And I think you could rub some stinky onion or blood smell on yourself.
Go for a hat trick.
Maybe like a bitter taste?
A bitter taste, like a spray.
In case anyone accidentally licks you.
Or just a bitter spray that you put on people.
And then what feels scary?
Ooh, you could say like, trick or treat, close your eyes.
I'm going to do like the egg on your head and spiders crawling up your back.
Spiders crawling down your back.
Folks, that's going to do it for us.
Thank you so much for joining us.
We hope you're going to have a very spooky Halloween time.
And a safe Halloween time.
Next week.
We definitely have an episode that's going to go out before Halloween.
Oh.
Travis.
Why is this a Halloween?
You know what, timing wise, I guess you're right.
I wanted to have more of a build up to it.
So people could listen to this over and over again.
We definitely can't do another Halloween episode on the 29th.
You know what you've condemned us to?
We have to do a Christmas episode next week.
That's what you've done.
How could you do this?
That literally just occurred to me for the first time, as I'm saying it.
I know, it's astonishing.
It actually occurred to me yesterday and I still went ahead with it.
Because I've already gotten the questions ready.
You monstrous.
Yes, thank you so much for listening.
Happy Halloween.
Yeah, I guess so.
In 10 days.
Yeah, if you want to be the hit of the neighborhood, you should go to Amazon
and buy enough copies of the Sawbones book to give to all the different trick or traders
that are going to show up.
I'd really appreciate it if you buy that.
And if you already buy it, please review it.
My wife, Sydney McElroy, and I worked really hard on it.
And we hope you really enjoy it.
And also go ahead and go to theadventurezonecomic.com and pre-order the second book.
Enough copies to give next Halloween.
For that second book of the graphic novel, Murder on the Rockport Limited.
It's great.
And we think you're going to love it.
This isn't a plug, but just wanted to remind everyone that election day is November 6th.
Please get out and vote.
You can get an absentee ballot or vote by mail.
There's also, like, I think Lyft and Uber are running deals where they will get you
to the polling place and back.
And there's a lot of different options.
So please get out and vote.
Vote or die.
Remember that, guys?
Do you remember that?
Damn.
He was like, here's your two choices.
You can vote or you can die.
Why was that the name of the thing, huh?
Yeah, it's a good question.
Do you guys want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song
instead of part drop the album putting the days to bed?
Yeah, thank you.
Absolutely.
Check out all the other amazing shows on MaximumFun.org.
Oh, also, I think Sawbones has a book signing coming up on the 27th in Charleston at Books
a Million.
Yeah, it's the Dudley Farms Plaza Books a Million.
If you want to get your book signed or whatever signed, you just got to buy a copy of the book
on the day of at that locale.
I am such a dummy.
We almost forgot.
So we're starting a macro day newsletter.
Thank you.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Because we keep having more and more stuff that we're working on.
And stuff falls through the cracks and we don't want it to end up being like a 10 minute plug
at the end of every episode.
So if you go to bit.ly slash McElroy Mail, M-A-I-L, and I don't know why I keep feeling
the need to clarify that, but McElroy Mail, you can sign up for that newsletter and you'll
get a lot of information that you'll only see there, including the date and link and
stuff for the Candle Night Show.
I'm sure we'll announce it later, but you'll see it first in the newsletter.
So if you go to bit.ly slash McElroy Mail, you can sign up for it.
And it's not a pyramid scheme, even though people keep talking about that.
I don't know where that got started, but it is not a pyramid scheme.
It's just a regular mailing list that's not in any way, shape, or form a pyramid scheme.
Here's that final sent in by Michelle.
Thank you, Michelle.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Come on, load.
Load.
Load.
Damn it.
It's from Yahoo Answers.
No, it's from Yahoo Answers user.
I'll call him Cedric.
Cedric asks, does Oscar the Grouch have legs?
And furthermore, a ding-a-ling.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, and me.
Kiss your dad, square on the lips.
One, two, one, two, three, four.
Hi, everybody.
My name is Justin McElroy.
And I'm Sydney McElroy.
And together, we're the hosts of Sawbones, a marital tour of misguided medicine.
What does that mean for you, the podcast consumer?
Well, it means that you're going to get a lot of stories about how we used to do
weird stuff to people in order to try to fix them.
Do you know that we used to think diseases were caused by bad smells
and that we used to eat mummies for medicine?
That's super funny.
I kind of like it.
Well, thanks.
And we hope you'll kind of like our show,
Sawbones, a marital tour of misguided medicine.
It's available every Friday wherever fine podcasts are sold
or at its beautiful picturesque home at
Maximumfun.org.
All right.
Yeah.
